 He slowly moved his finger in and out of my tender hole. Then he inserted two fingers, then three, and then I felt my pussy stretching as he slowly, carefully inserted his whole hand deep inside of me. He moved his hand in and out, slowly at first, then faster when he saw that I was enjoying it and trying to press down on it. I felt a finger from his other hand find my slit and thought to myself that there was no way he was going to try to do that with both hands. But, he only got his finger wet from the dripping juices still coming from my pussy. Then he slid his finger down slightly and eased it into my ass. As he pulled the one finger out, I felt him use two fingers this time as he slipped them back in my ass, and still working my pussy with his hand. The sensation of having both of my holes filled at the same time was driving my over the edge again. He worked both of my holes faster as I felt myself being pushed to the edge again.

“Baby, are you okay?” he asked as the moans escaped my throat.

“Mmmmm,” I answered.

“Do you want me to stop or do you like this?”

“No, please don’t stop,” I whined.

He continued working his hand in and out of my pussy and his fingers in and out of my ass. Just as my body started to tense for the coming orgasm, he pulled his hand out of my pussy and his fingers out of my ass. I felt him get off of the bed and heard him move around to the head of the bed. He took the restraint off of my right hand, and then moved around to take it off of my left. Feeling disappointed that we were done; I let out a sigh and reach for the blind fold.

“Leave that on. We’re not finished yet,” he said as he removed the restraints from the foot of the bed. “I just want you to turn over.”

Feeling that the restraints were completely loose now, I turned over onto my stomach and spread my legs for him to fasten the restraints again. When he had both legs securely fastened to the foot of the bed, I felt him climb back onto the bed.

“What about my arms?” I asked.

“We don’t need them restrained for this part,” he said as he pulled my hips up so that my ass was sticking up in the air.

I felt him position himself between my bent knees as he guided his hard dick between my slit, probing for the opening. Finding my pussy hole, he moved his hand to hold on to my hips as his hard dick slid into my hole. He leaned into me, burying the entire depth of his manhood in my pussy. Slowly, he pulled out, leaving only the throbbing head inside my hole.

Then, he pulled his dick out of me completely. After only a few short moments, he slid only the head back into my hole, and then pulled it back out again. As he slid only the head back into my pussy yet again, I leaned into him, engulfing his prick with my pussy.

“Don’t like the teasing, huh?” he asked with a hint of a laugh in his voice.

I moved my hips forward slightly, and then pressed back against him again, without answering.

“If we’re going to do this right, you have to be still. Besides, you’re supposed to be relaxing, remember?”

I repositioned my ass to about the same place he had it. Then I felt him slide his dick out of my pussy again. I thought I would go mad with the need I felt to have him inside of me. I thought he was going to only tease me with his head again, but, suddenly, I felt his rock hard dick slide completely inside of me. He stayed there for a few moments, but only long enough to grab my hips. Then he started pumping his hard prick in and out of my pussy with long, slow strokes, guiding my hips forward, then back to just the right positions. The muscles in my pussy contracted around his dick, trying to hold him inside of me forever as he slid all but the head of his dick back out of me. Then, he pushed with all of his might as his dick went all the way in and he pulled my hips back to help with the impact. I moaned with the greatest pleasure I had ever felt in my life as he pounded and slammed his dick deep inside my pussy, faster and harder than the thrust before. His balls slapped against my already swollen and sensitive clit, exciting me even more. Harder and faster he pumped my pussy, making the moans of pleasure seem non-stop from my lips.

“Ooooh yes baby. Fuck me harder baby, faster,” I moaned.

He was more than happy to oblige as he pounded away at my pussy as hard and as fast as he could. I felt my body tense as my pleasure overtook me. My hole contracted around his meat, making it harder for him to pound into me like he had been just a moment ago, so he slowed his rhythm as I came all over his dick. As my body convulsed with the last of the orgasm, he slowly pulled his dick out of me.

“I didn’t feel him cum,” I thought to myself.

He moved to the foot of the bed and I felt his body weight shift. Then I felt him move back up between my spread knees and felt the slippery oil run into my ass crack. Slowly, he guided his still hard dick to my ass, and then leaned into me as the head entered by asshole. I caught my breath because as much as I enjoyed this, the initial insertion still hurt just a little. He stopped with just the head of his dick inside my ass, and then slowly he pressed the rest of his hard prick into my hole. Slowly, he pulled out, then pressed it back in. Feeling my body relax just a bit, he knew it was okay to start really fucking my ass.

With long, slow strokes, he moved his dick in and out of my ass. I moved my right hand underneath me, and found my swollen clit. As I rubbed my clit, my ass moved in rhythm with him as we picked up the speed of the slide. Pressing his hard dick deep into my ass, he stopped for only a moment. Then he grabbed my hips again and started pounding away at my ass. Harder, faster, and deeper his hard little man dove into and out of my asshole. This was the hardest he had ever fucked my ass, but I liked it. As he slammed his dick deep into my ass, I rubbed my clit faster, keeping up with his strokes. My asshole clamped around his dick, contracting as he fucked my ass hard and fast. I moved my hips forward just a bit so that when he slammed into my ass I could lean back toward him making the pounding even harder and deeper.

I felt my body tensing for another orgasm, and felt him do the same. With one final hard slam into my ass, we both exploded. He kept his softening dick deep inside of me for a few seconds, and then slowly pulled it out only a bit. The slammed it deep inside of me again. My asshole was clamping down on his dick hard now, squeezing the last of his cum into the depths of my ass. Feeling his body relax, he slowly pulled his soft dick out of my ass then lay on his back and licked my dripping cum from my pussy.

As he licked up the last of the cum, he scooted to the end of the bed. I felt him take the restraints off of my ankles, freeing me completely. Then he came around to the head of the bed where I was laying still on my stomach, spread eagle. He untied the blindfold and it fell from my eyes. As I scooted over just a bit to make room for him next to me on the bed, he climbed in and lay beside me.

I lay my head on his chest and draped my left leg over his and wrapped my arm around his waist. He looked down at me and kissed the top of my head.

“I really loved you,” he said.

“And I really love you,” I murmured, sleep washing over me.

He wrapped his arms around me. I fell asleep in his arms, feeling his love for me.

The next morning, I woke up to find him gone. But, I smelled wonderful smells from the kitchen. As I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes, he opened the bedroom door and came in with a tray full of food.

“Breakfast in bed for my sex queen,” he said smiling. I sat up completely and leaned against the head of the bed as he placed the tray over my extended legs. I picked up the coffee and sipped it.

“Baby, you were incredible last night,” he says sipping at his own coffee.

“Hmmmmm… I thought you were the incredible one,” I said.

I picked up a piece of bacon and held it near his mouth. He took a bite and chewed. As I took a bite, he said, “We can’t just hang out in bed all day, although after last night I sure want to. But, we have things to do today.”

“Things to do? I thought you said we were just going to relax this weekend,” I said, halfway dreading what his plans for the day were.

“Well, they’re relaxing plans,” he said, taking a strip of bacon and eating it.

As I finished eating the food on the tray, with his help, he took the tray from my lap. As he was walking out the door, he looked over his shoulder and nodded toward the chair next to the bed. He had my clothes laid out for me again. “Wow, talk about not having to do any thinking at all. I could like this.”

As I moved toward the edge of the bed to get dressed, the sheets rubbed against my still tender pussy and ass, reminding me of the great time we had had the night before. I smiled as I pulled on the short denim skirt and tank top. As I was lacing and tying my last boot, he walked back into the bedroom.

“Almost ready?” he asked.

“Just have to do my hair and I’m ready. Where are we going anyway?” I asked. I knew it would be on the bike since he wanted me to wear the boots, but I had no clue why he had the skirt laid out. That would be a difficult task. Riding on the back of a Harley in a short denim skirt and not let everyone in the world see the treasure between my legs!

“You’ll see. Just come on and hurry up. It’s getting late.”

I went into the bathroom and pulled my hair up. Then walked to the living room and grabbed my helmet and glasses from the chair where I had laid them the night before. He was already outside with the bike running.

As I climbed on the back, I repositioned the skirt the best I could to make sure everything was covered. The feel of the leather seat and the slight rumbling between my legs worked my still sensitive clit and I could feel the wetness of my pussy already.


After about an hours ride, we pulled into a winery. I climbed off of the back of the bike and put my helmet on the sissy bar. He hung his on the handlebar, then took my hand and led me inside. We tasted several different kinds of wine, and then finally settled on a sweet tasting berry wine. We walked out onto the patio where the band was playing and found a table off to the side. He poured us each a glass of wine and we sat enjoying the sound of the band and the beautiful scenery the patio offered.

We finished off the bottle of wine. I went to the bathroom while he went in and bought another to go. It was 4:00 and I was starting to get hungry again. When we met back up at the bike, I told him I was hungry. He lifted the flap to the saddlebag and showed me a carefully prepared picnic, complete with blanket. We got back on the bike after he wrapped the bottle of wine in the blanket and fastened the saddlebag.

He pulled into a local park and found a secluded area with a little bit of a view of the lake. He took the blanket with the wine bottle and the lunch and carried it to “our” spot. He handed me the lunch to hold and unwrapped the bottle and 2 wine glasses. He handed those to me to hold as well, and then spread the blanket out on the soft grass. He took the picnic basket from me and put it down in the center of the blanket, then took the wine bottle and glasses. I sat down on the blanket and leaned back. He sat down and fished in the picnic basket for the corkscrew. He opened the wine bottle and poured each of us a glass. Then he started digging through the picnic basket and set our dinner out on the blanket. We ate and talked and drank and enjoyed the view. When we were finished eating, he packed everything back into the basket with the exception of the wine. He poured us each another glass.

He moved in behind me and pulled me to him so that the back of my head was resting on his chest. He draped one arm around me and drank with his other. I sipped my wine and was beginning to feel the affect of the alcohol. I thought that the food would help stop the buzz I was getting from the wine, but it didn’t.

As if not even thinking about it, he started rubbing my nipple softly. I looked back and up at him and he looked as if he were a thousand miles away. So, I settled myself back against his chest again. My nipple was standing erect and hard as he continued to gently rub it through the fabric of my shirt. I didn’t have a bra on, so it was obvious that I was enjoying his touch.

I finished off the last of my wine, and then turned around in his arms. I moved my arms up and unfastened his jeans, then unzipped them. That seemed to bring him back to reality and he blinked and looked down at me.

I pulled his dick out from his jeans and slowly licked on the very tip of the head. He smiled, and then settled back on his elbow, allowing me a little more room to work in. I licked down the shaft of his dick, and then slowly took his balls into my mouth, sucking on them while I was stroking his hardening dick. As I rolled his balls around in my mouth a bit, a sound of pleasure escaped from his throat. He laid the rest of the way back as I licked my way back up the shaft to the tip of his head. I teased around his hole with my tongue then took his dick in my mouth, sliding it halfway in. He moaned a little louder and I slid his dick back out of my mouth, and then licked only around the head again, teasing. I once again took his dick inside my wet mouth and slid it in as far as it would go. I knew that he would love for me to deep throat him, but, there was no way I could take his whole dick in my mouth without gagging. I slowly slide his dick in and out of my mouth as he raised his hips to try to push it in a little further. He reached his hands down and held onto my head and pushed my head down and his dick even farther into my mouth. Then back up, and then back down again. As my head was going down, he was raising his hips so that I would take his entire manhood into my mouth. He started moving my head and raising his hips faster as I sucked on that delicious piece of man meat.

He let go of my head, and said in a husky voice, “Turn around, we should both get to enjoy this.”

I let his dick slip from my mouth as I positioned myself straddled over his face. He grabbed my hips and pulled me to his mouth as I took his dick back into my mouth. He wasted no time getting down to business as he started nibbling and sucking on my clit. I moaned with pleasure from both the burning desire to have what was in my mouth buried deep inside my pussy and from the tingling I could feel building inside of me. I sucked his dick harder and faster as he caught my clit between his teeth and started grinding it. That sent me mover the edge as my cum ran from my hole. When I felt his body tense up from the orgasm he was about to have, he pulled his dick out of my mouth completely.

“Turn around here you bad little girl,” he said.

I sat up and turned around. My pussy was just a fraction of an inch away from his rock hard dick and I wanted and needed him inside me. He sat up and leaned back against a tree that was next to the blanket. Then he turned me around so that I was facing him. I lifted my pussy as he guided his dick toward my hole. I slowly lowered myself onto it, enjoying the feel of every inch of him as it was buried deep inside me. When he was completely inside of me, I positioned my feet to either side of his hips, squatting. I was pulling my pussy away from his dick. He put his hands around my waist and pulled me onto his dick again, a little harder. Before I knew it, I was riding his dick like it was a bucking bronco and I was the star rodeo rider, bucking and bouncing up and down harder and faster. He took my tit into his mouth and sucked it while I pounded his meat deep inside me, clamping my hole tighter against his dick. He released the one tit, and then moved on to the other, catching the nipple between his teeth and pulling back just a little. I felt myself come to another orgasm and with one final hard thrust, took his hard dick as deep inside of me as I could. My body shook with the spasm of the orgasm.

He lifted me from his still hard dick and sat me between his legs. He stood up, and then reached to help me up. My skirt was up around my waist and my shirt was bunched under my arms. He turned me around to fast the tree that he had just been leaning again, then lifted my left leg as he positioned himself behind me. He hovered his dick at the opening of my pussy and said, “Do you want me to fuck you some more?”

“Yes,” I whispered.

“Are you sure? Someone might see us.”

“I don’t care. I’m positive.”

“Do you want me to fuck you hard or soft?”

“Hard, I want you to fuck me as hard as you can,” I gasped.

With that, he straightened up to his full height, ramming his rock hard meat deep inside my pussy. I jolted at the sudden feel of him so deep inside of me.

As he pulled his dick back out, he said, “Do you like that baby?”

I couldn’t speak. So, I shook my head yes. He again rammed his dick deep inside of me.

“That’s how you like it, huh?” He said.

I shook my head yes again and he again slid his dick out of my pussy. Before I could catch my breath, he rammed it in again, and then began a steady rhythm of fucking my pussy like it’s never been fucked before. I was clawing at the bark of the tree as he pounded away at me pussy with his rock hard dick, sometimes ramming it inside of me so hard and so deep that I was on my tiptoes. He was kissing the back of my neck and pounding my pussy and I couldn’t have cared less if there was an entire audience watching. He kept pounding and ramming his dick into my pussy as fast and hard as he could and I was faintly aware of the sound of skin smacking skin. Finally when I knew that I could take no more of this wonderful hard fucking, he thrust his dick one more time deep inside of me so hard that my feet left the ground completely and I was being suspended only by his dick inside my pussy.

We stood there like that for a few seconds, and then he bent down just enough for his dick to slide easily out of my pussy. When he was completely out of me, I turned around and knelt on the blanket and pulled his hips toward me. I took his cum soaked dick in my mouth and licked and sucked all of the cum off of him slowly.

When his dick was completely clean of all evidence of our lovemaking, I turned around and sat down on the blanket. He moved in beside me and pulled my head to lie in the crook of his arm. We lay there, him with his pants around his ankles and me with my skirt and shirt both hiked up as far as they would go, watching the sun set over the lake.