 In the Jeep, the happy, very satisfied couple enjoyed getting to know one another even more. They talked about where they grew up, jobs they have had, pets they had owned. The drive was to the outer skirts of town. They drove past the hotels and homes as they rolled away from the coastline. She saw the tiny airport where she had landed a short day and a half earlier. So much had happened to her in a few short hours. Her head reeled with emotions. She felt so much but didn't know how she felt at the same time. The rugged, yet gentle man sitting in the driver's seat seemed too good to be true. Something in her was deeply attracted to him but not simply because of his sex appeal.

The salty, musty smell of the marshes flooded her senses as they drove in the open air. Spanish moss suspended beautifully in the massive oak tress that lined the roads. Snowy egrets walked the branches eyeing them curiously as the wind blew her shoulder length hair around. She decided to put it in a hair tie and create a tight, short ponytail. Gabe glanced over to see her bare neck, how it sloped into her shoulders. He gazed at her cute ears. She looked back and smiled. His eyes traced her body under the lacy swimsuit cover up that adorned her gracefully. The black and white one piece she had chosen to kayak in, fit her nicely. He eyed how the curves of her tits looked so round and smooth. Her hips sexily poured from the suit and he traced them with his eyes down to her cute knees, her tight, muscular calves and feminine ankles to simple, girly flip flops. His lust must have been quite visible.

"What?" She asked above the sound of the roar of the tires and wind. 

Gabe raised one eye brow and let one side of his lips curl into a sideways smile. He just shook his head back and forth and turned to look back at the road as he felt his tires slipping over the shoulder into the grass. It startled Katiya and she jumped.  

"You distract me greatly!" He excused himself for the reckless driving as he corrected back into the road. "Anyway, I got that snake!"

Katiya just nodded as she studied him as he drove.

They drove out a bit further in silence, until he slowed and turned onto a soft, sandy drive. She looked curiously at him.

"I have to run by the house. Gotta let the dog out for a sec and grab the kayaks. I wanna change into some of my own swim trunks as well. You don't mind do you?" He asked.

"Hmm" She thought. As she shook her head to signal no. "I'll have the chance to really see what he is about."

They pulled up to a relatively simple, quaint beach home. It was a single level place with minor landscaping additions. There were two trucks in the driveway. A large barn was off to the right back side of the back yard. Firewood stacked against the side of the barn, looked as if it had a few layers of age to it. She couldn't imagine him burning many fires down here on the beach. 

"Wanna come in or shall I leave the Air Conditioning running for you?" He asked with a smirk.

"I'll wait. I don't want to impose." She answered him calmly. 

The front door opened and out popped a young looking, burly guy wearing shorts, flip flops and no shirt. He had lots of tattoos. A big smile spread across his face. "What's up Unc?" He blared. "Where ya been? I thought you got lost at sea or somethin'!" 

"S'goin' on kiddo?" Gabe said at a much lower decibel level. He turned quickly back to Katiya. "Katiya, Billy, my nephew, Billy, Katiya!" as he trotted up toward the door and hopped both steps on to the porch. 

"Don't believe anything he tells you!" Gabe shouted while disappearing through the door. 

The young man, without losing his smile, stuck out his hand to greet her. He laughed gently and she could see some resemblance in his face. 

"You must not be from around here." Billy said.

Katiya smiled and shook her head no. He shook her hand firmly. 

"How did you know that?" She pried.

"There just aren't many gals around here as pretty as you." Billy answered back confidently. 

"I doubt that!" Katiya said while laughing, "But, thank you all the same." she couldn't break his gaze from her. He stared at her intensely. "Do you live here with Gabe?" 

"Aww.. Yeah, ever since his divorce, I been hangin' out here." He said in a southern drawl. "Somebody's gotta take care of the old man!"

"I heard that!" Gabe shouted as he came out of the front door with a big yellow Labrador Retriever following him. "Katiya, meet Wilson. He actually owns the place, Billy and I just hang out here with him." 

"Heeeyyyyy big boy!" Katiya leaned out her open side of the Jeep as Wilson put his front feet on the edge of where the door is supposed to be and reached in to give her the once over with his nose. She petted him and he seemed to love her immediately. 

"Well, he approves." Billy laughed, "I approve." He added "I guess you're in chick." He said to Katiya.

Stunned, she looked back and forth at Billy, then Gabe then the dog. They all seemed to be staring at her and smiling. "Chick?" She asked.

Gabe had changed shorts and apparently put on more cologne. He asked Billy to help him grab the kayaks and they went around the corner of the house.

"I have to use the restroom, do you mind Gabe?" Katiya said as she hopped out of the Jeep and Wilson grabbed a stick and brought it to her. She took it from him and gave it a toss and he bolted after it. 

"Of course, mi casa is su casa!" he said as he came back around with a kayak over his head. His muscles flexed and shone in the sun. His grin showed his white teeth and she couldn't help but get caught up for a second, taking in the visual. There was just something about him and she was filled with lust for the moment. 

"How could you still be horny?" She asked herself under her breath. "Damn, just look at him though girl..that's how." She stepped into the house.

Simple but nice. She made her way around until she found the bathroom. It was clean. The whole house was clean. 

"Nice, and it smells good in here." She thought. "This guy... Mmmm."

When she returned he was sitting in the Jeep. The kayaks were strapped to the top and Wilson sat proudly in the back seat. 

She looked at the dog strangely. Her eyebrows raised up in question.

"He said he wanted to go." Gabe said explaining. "Is it ok with you?"

Katiya shrugged her shoulders and hopped in sliding into the seat and buckling up. Gabe knuckle bumped his nephew who was still kind of staring her and grinning. 

"You two kids have fun!" He shouted at them as Gabe backed the Jeep up and turned to leave. "Hey Unc, you're right, she's hot!" He chided as he threw up his hand and waved at them, turning to head back to the house.

Katiya flushed with slight embarrassment as Gabe just rolled his eyes and shook his head, smiling. "Gee-wizz." Gabe said quietly. 

He popped the clutch a little and the tires spun in the sandy dirt launching the Jeep forward a little. 

Katiya grabbed the handle above her head and squealed a little. Wilson braced himself in the back seat and they sped out of the driveway. 

The quiet drive was nice. The scent of the salty marsh was overwhelming as it mixed nicely with his fresh cologne. She looked all around but really only wanted to stare at him. He drove with his left foot up on the side of the door hole where the door would be normally be if there were doors on the Jeep. She traced the inside of his masculine thigh down to the crotch of his shorts that hugged his manliness well. She thought of leaning over and pulling it out and sucking it while going down the road. She decided she shouldn't but imagined it and smiled to herself. Gabe caught the sudden smile and eyed her carefully, wondering what was going on in her mind. 

Fifteen minutes went by without a word and he pulled off the road down the drive to where they would put in. A short few minutes and he had one long kayak off the Jeep. 

"Do you want to double up or paddle alone?" He asked. 

"Whatever you want. I'm game either way." She answered quickly. 

"Well, there's room here in the middle for Wilson. Let's just take the one." With that, he leaned over, pulled her close to him and kissed her slowly, romantically. When she opened her eyes he was staring at her. Her mouth hung slightly open and she breathed out heavily. Her heart thumped inside her chest. He could have whatever he wanted at that moment. 

"You just needed to get that out of the way, again?" She asked as she smirked in his direction. 

"Something like that." He quipped.

They hopped in, Wilson laid down between them as he was told to do and they slipped off into a grassy wonderland of salt-marsh. For two hours they paddled. They saw fish swimming and swirling all around. They saw crabs scurrying across the mud flats. They saw a family of raccoon for a few seconds. She was amazed at it all, but the birds, the birds of all kinds were simply everywhere. Gabe seemed to know something about almost all of them. 

They made their way around a bend and there was a dock that seemed to come from nowhere. It had a wooden walk that came out across the marsh-grass from the woods nearby. Gabe steered them to the side of the dock.

"Wanna stretch your legs?" He asked.

It was exactly what she wanted to do. They pulled up and he held the dock while she stepped from atop the long, flat two person kayak. Wilson Followed her and Gabe tied his end to the side of the dock and stood. He pulled a large rubber bag from in back of his seat that he had lashed there earlier. From within, he produced a blanket, a small basket, two glasses, and a large thermos. He spread the blanket on the dock surface and opened the basket. There was cheese, crackers, cookies, and a couple chocolate bars. 

"What is this?" she asked, amazed at his level of preparedness.

"Just a snack. Thought we would enjoy a bite while we were out here. We haven't really eaten anything." He said smiling.

He opened the thermos and poured a white wine into the glasses. 

"Hope you like this. It's sweet, but not like a dessert wine."

Katiya thought that he was simply way too good at all of this. "You're just a professional aren't you?"

"Huh?" Gabe questioned her.

" I guess you just do all this romantic stuff all the time for the ladies don't you?" She smirked at him.

"Well, actually, if I must be honest, you are the first person I have ever brought out here." He thought he could see the disbelief in her face. "No really, I usually make these trips alone, I like being out here by myself. It has always been an escape for me and the dog. But, I just wanted to share it with you. You like it?"

"Like it?" She popped, "This is unreal. Yes, I like it."

They sat quietly for a few minutes and sipped their wine and ate some cheese.

"Maybe, it's just the company that I like so much." she finally said quietly.

"Yeah," he replied, while staring out across the marsh at the sun that was headed for the horizon. "Me too." Gabe turned and looked her. The sun was beginning to paint everything with a reddish hue. Her skin shone from the light that danced in her eyes. Her face glowed. Was she happy or sun burned? Was she as perfect as she seemed or was there a hidden monster in there? He couldn't take his eyes off of her as she leaned back on her elbows and let her head fall back. The warmth of the sun bathed her in soft light. Gabe wanted her. 

He rose to his hands and knees and crawled to where she was quietly. She was aware of his presence but kept her eyes closed. He leaned over her and kissed her chin. She smiled at the touch of his lips. She remained in the position, head thrown back, on her elbows. Her body quickened to his closeness. She felt her heart begin to beat heavier as he leaned over again and kissed her on the neck and throat. She tasted like salt to Gabe. He wanted to lick her entire body. 

As she released a deep breath, she moaned ,"Mmmmm"

"Oh yeah?" he whispered softly over her skin. So close to her neck his breath waved across her with heat. 

"Yeah." she whispered back as she lay back on her back on the blanket. 

He inched over to her more and lay beside her body, half leaning over her. She became aware that he was already erect as his body leaned into her as he reached over and brushed her hair past her left ear. He kissed her softly on the lips. She didn't kiss back, teasing him. He kissed again. She didn't kiss back but smiled ever-so-slightly. He opened his mouth a little and kissed her again, this time taking her bottom lip between his teeth. 

"Grrrrrr" he growled at her while holding her lip in his teeth. 

She giggled and he let go. Suddenly, she leaned up to look at him and quickly licked the tip of his nose. "Nose lick" she snapped, "I win." 

"What the...??" He retorted. "Ohh, I see how it's gonna be!" He was smiling at her.

She just giggled and lay back. He leaned in and kissed her passionately again. This time it was with purpose. It took no time and Katiya could feel her pussy heating up and moistening. Gabe's dick rubbed her right thigh from the side. She knew he was getting quite horny. Gabe's right hand lay on her stomach. She suddenly wished she was not in her one piece. He slid his hand up and smoothly fondled her breasts as they kissed heavier, hotter. She scooted over into him a little bit to push her hip against his throbbing manhood. He responded back with some pressure of his own. His hand slid slowly down the front on her bathing suit and right past her mound before diving between her legs. She parted them slightly welcoming his touch. His fingers found their way between her lips although still outside the fabric of her suit. He pressed his finger directly on her button and began to drive her crazy immediately. She pushed her hips up and moaned in agreement with his actions. 

They played for what seemed like twenty minutes, grinding and squeezing, and rubbing and kissing each other passionately. All the while, Wilson lay on the edge of the dock and napped in the sun.

They never touched inside the suits, just teased each other with hands and bodies and tongues and wet lips. 

"Woman." Gabe said finally. She looked up at him, partially satiated with desire to be fucked thoroughly, partially relieved for the moment. Her eyebrows raised in question. 

"We have to get outta here. If that sun makes it down, it will not be a nice place to be." 

Gabe held his arm out directly at the sun and put three fingers together horizontally, eyeing them carefully. 

"We have forty five minutes of sun left. Load up Wilson."

Wilson immediately responded by hopping up and getting onto the kayak like he knew exactly what to do. In a few minutes they were slipping effortlessly through the grassy paths once more. She sat there, on the front of the kayak, her mind reeling from the love making just moments before. Her pulse still racing a bit. Her pussy still swollen and soaking wet from his fondling fingers. Her lips still moist and full from the heavy kissing. Her mind swam in the lust of needing him to finish what he started but lavishing in the idea that he didn't seem to be in a hurry or need to simply "get off" like the "boys" she knew before. This guy was clearly no boy. He was as manly as any man she had ever known. Gentle. Kind. Thoughtful. Yet, manly, rugged, and sexy as hell. She couldn't wait to see what was next.

Gabe sat behind her paddling. He was focused on paddling hard. He had let them stay too long. He didn't want to worry her but he knew he had an hour of paddling to do and forty five minutes of daylight to do it in. He just hoped they didn't see an alligator. They had never really discussed that possibility. Yet, somehow, he couldn't clear his mind of her. He pulled hard at the paddle but stared at her ass. Her shoulders. Her neck. Her hair. Her soft arms. Her skin glowing in the low sunlight. They didn't talk. They paddled. He kept the pace going but every second he wished he could pull over, lay her down on the kayak, throw their clothes off and plunge into her as he had earlier that day. He wanted to hear her groaning into his ear as she came again and again. He needed to feel the walls of her womanhood tighten around him again. There was something about her though. Something strong. Something pure. Something honest. Something confident yet yielding. 

"I really, really like this girl." He told himself as they pushed on. "Slow your roll bud." he answered himself. "She'll be gone in a few days and you will probably never see her again." That made him sad. 

Gabe steered them around a left turn in the channel and they could see the take out point. There was the Jeep and he was relieved. He glanced at the sky and knew he only had a few minutes of decent light left. They had really burned their way back. She had never stopped paddling and he knew she was doing her best to match him stroke for stroke. Just like she had been doing since very, very early that morning. 

"Wow!" He spoke up. "We made great time." As they began to slow for the bank where they would stop. 

"Were you in a hurry?" she asked knowingly.

"A little. But we did great!" He smiled at her, knowing he'd been busted.

Beside the Jeep, was parked a dark green truck. A man stepped out and called to Gabe. "Dude, I wondered if I was gonna have to come get you."

As they were getting out Gabe laughed. "C'mon, you know me better than that. Katiya, This is the local pain-in-the-ass ranger, Tim." 

"My pleasure!" Tim spoke up again. "See any gators?"

Katiya's mouth dropped open. "Gators?" she spun around to look at Gabe.

"I don't know what he is talking about dear." He just kept working to get the boat back to the Jeep. "Thanks Tim. ..And no, we didn't. 

"You would have, had you been 4 minutes earlier or any later." AS he motioned with his head toward the water. 

A six footer swam by the end of the boat ramp eyeing the three of them. 

"Oh my God!" Katiya looked at the two men and then back at the alligator.

"Load up Wilson." Gabe said gently. Wilson obliged by hopping over the side of the Jeep into the back seat. "It's just a baby." he said to Katiya. Tim is full of it."

The sun was setting and the sky was full of reds, yellows and pink hues of color all around. The frogs began to chirp and croak. The men chatted for a few minutes and then Gabe mentioned that they were all going to die by the death of mosquitoes if they didn't roll. Tim agreed and shouted "Nice to meet you! Katiya was it?"

"You as well and yes, Katiya." she answered him.

They sped down the road the evening air quickly cooling their bodies. He asked her if she was too cold. He turned the heat on a little and it helped. The sun was gone before she knew it and the stars began to shine like she had never seen. The moon hadn't risen, leaving traces of light, only on the horizon, in the southwest. Gabe took several turns and it wasn't long before they were seeing the lights from down town St. Simons. He made a call and in a few minutes they were rolling up to a local restaurant called Barbara Jean's. Gabe went inside and came outside with two to-go boxes. 

"Like Crab cakes?" He asked her.

"Well, I hope so! Is that what we have?" She asked.

"Yep." He said. "The best I have ever had. But, if you don't like them, we can get something else."

They were all he said they were. The food replenished them and several things were given to Wilson as well, then, he asked what she wanted to do. 

"I don't know. Maybe go dancing somewhere or go have a couple drinks?" She offered.

"Gotcha." He said. With that, Gabe backed out of the parking lot and took off again in the night air. This time, they needed more heat. He pulled off onto the side of the road, hopped out of the Jeep and opened the small back door where the extra tire was mounted on the back. From whence he produced a blanket. Jumping back in he unfolded it, tossed it across her and kept enough to cover his legs and lap. 
