 Katiya had been working her tail off to close the last deal. She had been putting in sixty or seventy hour weeks when the great news came that her client was making the purchase. It was time for some much needed R and R and she was riding high on a huge commission. She wanted a girlfriend or two to go with her but they all had plans. She would have invited Clay but they had broken it off badly 5 weeks earlier and she wasn't in the mood to deal with that kind of drama. She wanted a nice quiet few days at a beach where she could simply be herself.

A co-worker had told her that St. Simons Island was a small, quaint little town in South GA where her family had a beach house she could stay in. Katiya didn't hesitate at the chance. She booked a flight to Atlanta and a puddle jumper to St. Simons and her toes were in the sand before she knew it. It was late summer and the kids were all back in school.

The beach was warm and virtually empty during the first day of her quick getaway. It was perfect for her. No romping kids to throw sand all over your towel. No screaming babies or mothers to break the peace and quiet. No ogling dads or rowdy college boys constantly staring at her tits or ass. She was one of probably thirty people on the beach all day, with nothing but seagulls and the incessant slapping of the waves, she laid back in her black bikini, soaking up the warm sun rays of a late August Ga sky.

Katiya filled her black bikini well. She was no runway model, never had been. Her voluptuous curves and full figure kept her from being the target of those guys who looked for a girl just on the healthy side of anorexic. That was not her problem at all. She was healthy. 38DD breasts slimmed to her waist and curved back out again over sexy hips. Some people called her look "thick". Katiya didn't really care what it was called.

She was confident, stable, intelligent and never struggled to get a man when she wanted one. You don't have to be slutty when you're confident. You don't have to look like you skipped the last three meals when you know what "sexy" feels like, with or without a man. When you walk into the room and you feel their eyes on you and you can still have that "I don't give fuck" look about you, you're too sexy for most of them to handle anyway. It is intimidating to all but the most resilient and confident men. Those are the guys Katiya dated. Clay had appeared that way at first, but slipped into a needy, clingy boy and Katiya had had enough of that.

She read a sexy novel as she lay on the beach. A girlfriend from work had given it to her after the breakup. She had told her that she would need a book like that for the next few weeks to keep her company because she knew she would be missing the sex and she also knew Katiya wasn't the type to just go out and get fucked for the hell of it.

Katiya's standards were not so easily met and that meant long dry spells between regular sex unless she had a guy in her life. She did miss the sex. Clay was needy, yes, but God he knew how to use his body. As she read through the chapters, the author used great visuals in the sex scenes, occasionally she would have to stop. The heat of the sun warming her skin, she felt her legs fall apart ever so slightly as she leaned back and closed her eyes.

She could almost feel Clay's soft mouth sucking her nipples until they ached. His soft touch slipping into the edge of her bikini bottoms, slowly parting her lips until his fingers slid easily into her waiting, drenched sex. Her breath slowed as she imagined how it felt as she became more aware of the heat of the sun as if it were staring right into her crotch. The black material soaking up the heat and spreading it through to her labia. The wetness being pulled from her, cooled her off in the breeze and the combined sensations were almost too much to handle.

The urge to reach down, between her thighs and bring sweet release to herself was enough to make her run back to the house. She felt her legs part just a little more as she lightly moaned at the thought of her ex slipping her bikini bottoms off. She imagined lifting her hips for him and that silky feeling of her bottoms sliding down her legs giving him all access to pleasure her the way she needed.

"Excuse me." the masculine voice said quietly.

Katiya was snatched back into reality, her eyes popping open as her thighs slapped together. Gone were the dreams of Clay about to give her some great tongue action and gone were the warm sun rays bathing her crotch. The silhouette stood between her and the sun, but not enough to block the sun from her eyes. She lifted a hand to try and break the glare but he kept moving just enough to keep her blinded.

"Uhh yes?" Katiya snapped, somewhere between annoyed and embarrassed. She sat up a little only to remember that she had untied her top to avoid the tan lines. Grabbing at her flailing bikini top, trying to keep from giving this jerk a free show, she continued, "Can I help you?"

"I'm sorry" he began, realizing he was blinding her, he stepped to her left side. "I thought you were asleep."

"So, you decided to wake me up?" Katiya sarcastically sneered at him. Trying to lift herself up and tie her bikini top at the same time, Katiya was clearly flustered.

"Here, let me help you" as the man stepped around to her right side and took the straps of her bikini top from her hands gently.

"No, I have it!" Katiya answered back but he was already tying it perfectly. Frustrated, she let go and allowed him to tie the top. She was irritated that he helped her because he had already annoyed her so greatly, but now she was obliged to thank him.

"Thank you." she mumbled.

"I really am sorry." he continued, "I thought you had fallen asleep and I couldn't help but notice you seemed to be burning a little and couldn't continue my run thinking you were going to get so terribly burned out here. The sun in late August can fool you here, a person can really get too much in a short time."

"I wasn't asleep, but thank you for your concern, I suppose." Katiya said, easing off the edginess a little.

She took quick assessment of herself and realized she was actually getting pretty red. Time to turn over and tan a little of her backside.

"I probably should turn over though, don't want to ruin it for the next few days." She began to move herself around and got up on her knees to smooth out her towel on her chair. Realizing her helper was simply standing there, staring at her as she knelt on her chair, "ass high in the sky" so to speak.

"Is there anything else?" she asked, showing the irritation in her voice.

"Umm no!" he popped back. Clearly intrigued by her beauty, her curves, her bikini that was a little too small, her snippy responses. He just stood there, looking down at her and smiling.

"I'm Gabe" as he stuck out his hand with a grin.

Katiya was done. She was on her knees and hands, trying to straighten her towel and be alone and clearly this dumb-ass wasn't going to leave her alone. She flipped back around and sat on the edge of the chair, shook his hand firmly and answered, "Katiya. Delighted I am sure. Now, I am going to tan a bit more. Okay?"

"Ohh, of course!" Gabe said. "Would you like for me to help you with some tanning lotion on your back?"

Gabe reached out before she could say anything and grabbed the bottle of lotion from the sand, squeezing some into his hands. He knew she was frustrated but thought this may help. Katiya stared at him blankly in disbelief. Thinking, maybe this would get him to go away.

"Sure, whatever." she turned around so he could apply the lotion to her back. It was convenient at least.

As Gabe pushed her blonde hair aside and began lightly to smooth the lotion across her shoulders she thought, "Geeze, I hope this guy is not some crazy perv killer guy, I am going to have to leave my vacation early if he shows up again."

Gabe's hands were soft, yet rugged as he lightly coated her warm skin with the lotion. She had to admit. It felt good to have a man's hands on her body even if it was some weirdo creeper on the beach. He lotioned her down the middle of her back paying close attention to get it smooth and even everywhere. His hands were warm and strong feeling to Katiya, and as he reached to top edge of her bikini bottoms she was wishing they were Clay's hands. Wishing they would keep going to her ass. Gabe's fingers just barely pushed the edge of her bikini so that the lotion was covering that tender area, rarely covered well enough to keep from burning.

He stood up beside her and said, "Well, it looks like we got you covered."

Katiya turned back at him smiling slightly. "Thank you." She said softer than anything she had said the entire time to him.

In the warm reddish sun light Gabe's bronze skin showed his body well. He was not a perfect specimen of a man but he was quite nice looking. His hair was windswept, sandy blonde. He looked like he hadn't shaved in a day or two but it fit him well. He had a light middle aged bulge about his waist, but overall pretty lean. He had those soccer-sexy legs, lightly dusted with blondish hair. His blues eyes danced in his smile as he stared down at her and she could tell she was being equally checked out. The chemistry was there for a second.

"You're welcome, sorry I startled you. See ya around maybe."Gabe said with a slight smile.

In just as much time as it took for him to appear from nowhere, he was gone, running down the beach. Katiya watched him as the sweat glistened from his back, sand flicking up behind him as he trotted away. The sun was lower in the sky and painted a reddish glow across the sand as he ran. He turned around to check her out once again. She dipped her head quickly to keep him from knowing she was watching him run away, but he knew she was watching him.

He smiled to himself as he ran, thinking, "That's what dreams are made of, boy. You don't stand a chance."

His heart thumped in his chest as he opened up his stride a little. He got into the rhythm of the run when he reached the firm sand at the edge of the beach. He didn't know, for sure, if his heart was racing a little because of Katiya or because he was running harder. His mind wanted to slip into the fantasy of holding her but he couldn't get away from his real troubles.

He thought of his daughter Ashlyn and his ex Jennifer, keeping her from him. For a moment, Katiya had made him stop raging on the inside, it had been so long since he even cared to look at another woman. Katiya had calmed the storm for a minute or two, but now it was back. He ran harder, into the fading light.

After tanning and reading a sexy novel all day, Katiya just couldn't sit in that big lonely house all night. She decided to grab a bite and ask about the local night life. One bar supported all the locals in the area. St. Simons is really small.

"What the heck," she thought, "It can't be too scary, I'll just go have a drink or two and see what this southern hospitality is all about."

As she walked into the place, her sundress dancing about her thighs lightly, she caught the eye of almost everyone in the house. Some eyes went right back to dancing or laughing or playing pool, some went back to drinking. Some eyes stayed on her, sizing her up as competition and others sizing her up for a possible rendezvous. A couple guys smiled and tipped the bottles her way.

One guy in the corner looked her up and down and she suddenly wondered if he could somehow tell she was wearing sexy thongs and no bra. He seemed to look straight through her clothes and devour her curvy body with his glare. She felt her face turn colder and gave him a stern "go f yourself" look. All her friends said she had that look perfected. Now she hoped as much. He stood from his table and began to make his way to her side as she reached the bar.

The bar tender met her there as well and asked if he could get her anything.

"Corona with a lime and some salt on the rim please" Katiya quickly answered.

"I like a woman who knows what she wants!" the gazer quipped.

Katiya didn't respond. She simply sat down on the bar stool. Her sundress lifted just enough for her ass cheeks to touch the cool leather top of the bar stool. It was a little shocking but she dared not show it. She felt herself flush a tiny bit but she wanted to be strong and ignore the on-comer.

"Can I buy you that drink?" he asked.

"No, I got it, thanks." Katiya answered sharply.

"Well how about a dance little lady? If you won't let me buy your drink, will ya just give me a little dance?" he reached out and grabbed Katiya's hand.

She snatched her hand back and as she was about to let the jerk have a piece of her mind and his voice was there.

Gabe said from behind the guy, "Bill, she's here with me. Go back to your corner big guy, this is my cousin from Washington DC, she's here on business and she doesn't need the likes of you making her fall in love with the south and all that. Now, go on bud. Go finish your beer before Joe drinks it for you."

"He better not!" Bill roared and with that he ambled off to his place in the bar.

"Forgive Bill, he's a harmless old drunkard, but a good heart, would give you the shirt off his back... Only after he asked if you would take yours off first!" Gabe laughed.

Katiya was relieved. At least it was a familiar face. Her beer came and she drank it way too fast. They began talking and what seemed like minutes went by in the form of hours. Two by two the patrons of the bar cleared out, until there were only about 8 people left. Bill still sat in his corner occasionally talking loudly to someone else in the bar. The bar tender was there, cleaning up, and two other couples talking low in the shadows obviously too drunk to leave or too scared to pull the trigger and go home to get it on.

Katiya had had too much to drink to drive but she was not sloshed either. Gabe had drank steadily but slowly through the night and was clearly not drunk at all. They were just enjoying each others company, talking about all kinds of stuff, getting to know one another.

"I don't care WHERE you go, but you can't stay here!" the bar tender yelled out to everyone. "Last call!"

With that, Bill ordered another. The other two couples got up and started toward the door as did Katiya and Gabe. Halfway across the room the jukebox, that seemed to have been almost silent the whole night, came to life. Journey's tell tale sound pushed through the air as the bass guitar began to bump to "Lovin' touchin' Squeezin'"

Gabe spun around and grabbed Katiya's hand and asked, "Got time for one dance?"

"I have no where to be." she said as he pulled her close to him and began to sway and move to the rhythm.

She had always loved that song and with a little buzz going, her silky sundress swishing back and forth across her bare ass cheeks, this good looking beach runner rubbing against the front of her, she was loving the song more than ever. They pulled into each other closer, tighter. His knee slipped between her thighs as they danced harder and more erotically. She felt his hands slipping lower down her back to the top of her hips as they swayed together to the grinding beat. He felt the tops of her thong through the thin material of her sundress. The thought that she had been sitting there the whole time, with nothing more than a thong on, between him and her, turned him on greatly. He began to feel the twitch in his member as it began to stiffen under the pressure of the bump and grind. Katiya noticed it too and smiled to herself, "I still got it."

As the song came to the "Nah Nahs" they began to sing aloud to each other. They broke the grip of entwined legs and laughed out loud singing loudly to over come the jukebox.

Steve Perry faded into the distance and the bar tender met them at the door. "Ok kids, daddy's got some of his own bumping and grinding to do, let's go!"

Katiya felt the night air rush under her short sundress, across her bare ass that was lightly covered with sweat from the dancing. It felt wonderful. Cool and free. But she was too drunk to drive.

"How does a girl get a cab around here?" She asked Gabe.

"Darlin', there aint a cab anywhere near here. You're on St. Simons and it's 3 in the morning.

He looked around as if he were in heaven. "Do not despair my fair lady, my coach awaits you and I am not intoxicated. I will take thee where thou likest to go." Gabe said in a terrible English accent.

"Are you sure you're ok to drive?" she asked.

"I am" he answered "Wait here and I will fetch the coach" again in that cheesy accent.

Katiya heard the vehicle crank in just a moment and around the corner came a black Jeep with no top. The wheels shone in the moonlight and Gabe had removed his shirt. She couldn't resist. Without hesitation Katiya hopped in and buckled up.

"Love the jeep!" she said sheepishly. She had always loved the sight of a shirtless, good looking man in an open Jeep.

Katiya suddenly caught herself in the whirl wind of it all. "Gabe, I do appreciate the ride home but you should know, our night ends at the doorstep. You are great, but I don't want to lead you on."

"I'm not worried about that youngun." Gabe said lightly. "It's just a ride home."

The night air was magnificent. She fought to keep her sundress from blowing over her head and he fought to keep from thinking about that every time it rose. He so wanted to look over to maybe catch a glimpse of her upper thighs or even more, but he he maintained a gentleman's stature and refused to look. She could tell he was fighting it and it made her want to let it ride up just a little further. Her hair blew around and she slightly parted her thighs to feel the cool air blowing across her wet crotch. Knowing he was trying to be a gentleman made her want to be that much naughtier.

When they arrived at her place they sat in the Jeep and chatted. Minutes clicked by and before they knew it, the clock on the dash board read 5 am.

"Look," Katiya said, "Come in, sleep on the couch for a couple of hours and then go home. I know you're too sleepy to drive now."

It didn't take much convincing to get Gabe there. They hopped out of the Jeep and headed to the front door. She stopped him to look him in the eye and thank him for being such a gentleman and for such a lovely night. He assured her the pleasure was all his and suddenly, for the first time all night they had nothing to say. They just stared at each other. He touched her hand to say "lets go" and she leaned forward and kissed him softly on the cheek. It was the first time he felt lips on his cheek in so long.

Her breath felt like a tidal wave of heat on his skin. It was the first time she had felt a face under her lips since weeks before the breakup. He still smelled of salty air and men's cologne. He smelled so so good. She stayed there, lips against his cheek, for a second too long. Taking in his aroma and manliness.

"Thank you." She said softly, "For a wonderful time."

His heart was suddenly racing like it had been on the beach. He grasp her hand as if to say "don't move".

"Katiya, I need to get this out of the way." He said flatly, staring into her eyes.

She appeared puzzled for a second, wondering what he was about to tell her. His eyes left her eyes and glanced at her smooth, beautiful lips. His head moved forward ever-so-slightly. She knew in an instant he wasn't needing to tell her something. Her heart pounded to match his and the rush of teenage passion flooded her. Why did she feel like that? She's been kissed thousands of times before, why does she feel like a schoolgirl? Suddenly, she wanted him to kiss her so badly. Her entire body flushed warm.

His free hand slipped from of hers and moved to her head as his fingers coursed through her blonde hair. She could tell immediately they were headed for trouble. Her other hand slid up to the back of his head slipping through his short hair. Pulling him closer. She parted her lips ever so slightly. He kissed her. Warm sensations flooded the two of them. He didn't just kiss her. He really kissed her. He kissed through her lips into something deep within her that hasn't been seen or heard from or kissed in a long, long time. There was a slight touch of his tongue to hers but not an all out assault on her mouth. He kissed so softly, yet so passionate.
