 The shower and wine does the trick. We are both feeling the effects and feeling rejuvenated. As you finish your wine I get up from the couch and pull you into a standing position. I love the way you fit underneath me, not too tall, but tall enough. I pull you into a warm embrace, then lead you down the hall to the bedroom I have specifically prepared for this occasion. As you enter your eyes fill with delight and longing. Too bad I have to cover those. I slowly pull the blind fold I have hidden in the pocket of my robe out and slowly slip it over your eyes, you don't object too much, just enough to let me know you are not entirely comfortable, but not enough to make me stop. I silence your protests with some kisses to calm your fears. You know I am never abusive, just sometimes I like to take control.

I take you to the bed, and we get there, I remove your robe. You stand before me, completely naked, and I marvel at your beauty. I slowly push you back on to the bed and get you positioned into the middle. I pull the restraints out from their hiding spots and gently encase your wrists in the manacles. I pull them tight so you can't reach your blind fold. Can't have you taking that off. Then I pull out the restraints for your ankles as well. These restraints will not pull your legs straight down... that would make it difficult to get to certain areas when the time comes. These are designed to pull them back in to a folded position, but definitely spread apart.

You squirm a little while you try to get used to the situation you find yourself in. You ask what I have on my mind... I just give you a little chuckle and tell you that you will find out soon. I leave you there for a minute to retrieve some items from the freezer, specifically the bowl of ice, figure I will save the remaining items for another time. As I come back in the room, I make sure to tread softly so you really don't know where I am. You are practically quivering with anticipation. Your passion doesn't seem to have abated at all over the last hour, if anything, it has gotten stronger.

I gently set my items down on the bed table remove my own robe and get on the bed. You feel the weight shift on the bed and wonder what I am up to. I withdraw a single ice cube from the bowl and raise it over your body and squeeze. As the ice slowly begins to melt the cold drops fall onto your flesh and send you thriving on the bed. The intense cold on your skins has caused your flesh to break out in goose bumps in the intense heat of the night. I figure after 1 ice cube like this, that is enough torture and decide to move onto the stimulation.

I let you settle down for a second and bring and ice cube up to your face. I slowly trace a line with the ice cube around your face. As I near your mouth, I spend some time encircling your lips with the now mostly melted cube... as the cube gets too small to hold, I let you take it into your mouth to rest the remainder of the way. I get another ice cube and move onto your neck with it and trace small lines up and down your neck to the base of your hair and down to your shoulder, then back up to behind your ear lobe.

As the tension builds, I get another ice cube, I trace your arms with this one, from your wrist all the way down to your shoulder, I don't touch your pits, that is just torture and that isn't why I am here. The ice trails continue down your side, no they don't stop at your breasts yet... a small circle of ice followed by some kisses in the same line circle your belly button. Then I start my way up. I use another ice cube to make another path for kisses up to you left breast, I have to learn over you to get there and make sure not to touch you anywhere but with the ice and my lips. The ice makes an icy pool as it approaches your left nipple making you shiver with anticipation. But the ice never finds its way completely there, it stops as it reaches the outer ring of your areola, there it rests for a minute and then slowly circles your nipple. I then. I slowly kiss your entire breast as well. Not just where the ice touched, but everywhere. I spend a lot of time on your breast as I love to see the reaction that I get. After a few minutes of kissing, circling with ice and no contact with your nipple, I can see how turned on you are. Your nipple sticks out, obviously very hard, with Goosebumps all around it.

I then switch gears and move on to your right breast recreating that same technique that was used on the left. I leave your right breast in the same state of arousal as your left one and decide to torture a little bit more. I drip more ice onto your body from above, make sure that some drops actually land on your nipples... As they do, you give a little jump and squeal that is magic to my ears.

I then decide to move down to the prize. I love to eat pussy! I love the feel of control it gives me over you. I like to see just how much please I can bring you to, as I am typically a 1 time and done guy, I have to find other ways to bring sufficient pleasure to you before I am spent. I marvel at the exquisite smoothness of it, the slightly puffy lips in your arousal, you little clit, just barely peeking its hooded head out between your lips.

I get on my knees between your legs and just slightly blow at your pussy for a minute! That gives you a little smile and wiggle as if you are saying hurry up already. This is going to take a little time though. I grab some more ice from the bowl now and bring one to your left foot. Again, I do this slowly, I love to build it up. Slowly trace a line on the inside of your left with the ice followed by some kisses. When I reach your pussy, I purposefully skip over it, bringing a set of protests from you. I do the same to your right leg and when I reach you pussy again, I don't skip, but draw a circle around it with the ice. Now you are arching you back with the suspended pleasure of it all. While I am doing this, I have been sucking in ice cubes to ensure that my tongue is quite cold as are my lips.

I slowly bend down and start to lick and kiss the lips of your pussy, taking in your very pleasant aroma. Just the smell of pussy can give me a hard on and if I wasn't already hard from all of the attention I have been giving you, I would have been now. Slowly starting at the bottom of you pussy I slowly insert my tongue into the folds of your pussy and lick it all so gently. You give a squeal with delight at the sudden touching of your pussy. I then get another ice cube and put it into my mouth, I gently slide it into your pussy with my mouth making the squeal and arch your back once again. I then take extensive time to make sure I have licked the ice cube from your pussy. Then I continue to move my tongue up your pussy, your body starts to tremble with the anticipation of what you know is coming. I finally reach the top of your pussy and gently lick your clit sending what seems like shock waves through your body. As I wait for you to calm down, I reposition myself so that I have my hands free to help with the pleasure I am giving your pussy. 

At first I only use my hands to hold your pussy lips apart while I start an oral assault on your clit. I am not so gentle this time. I start in on your clit with a passion that has been building for the last week. What wasn't abated earlier I let out in full force now. I grab your clit with my lips and suck it into my mouth so I can nibble on it, sending waves of pleasure through your body. I then position myself so that I can use my right hand to fuck you with my fingers while my left hand is free to play with your breasts. I try to keep a good rhythm going between my two hands and tongue, but it is getting to be a challenge. Your body is twisting and writhing under the ministrations I am providing to it. As you get closer and closer to your second orgasm your hips start to thrust faster and faster. I settle on pinching your nipple with my hand alternating between your two breasts. My right hand is staring to hammer into you without abandon, I now have three fingers in your pussy and it is starting to make a very sloppy sound with all of your juices flowing. My mouth is having a hard time holding on to your clit while you gyrate your hips in pleasure so instead I switch to just a tongue assault on your clit. This sends you over the edge into a screaming, passionate orgasm. I let you ride your orgasm down, let you catch your breath and consider sending you into another quick orgasm but decide that I have had enough fun and would like to get in on the action.

I creep my way up to your head and remove your blind fold. What I uncover is a look of sheer lust on your face. You look a little frustrated at your inability to participate and this brings a huge smile to my face. I first remove the restraints from your legs and you stretch them out as I work on your arms. As soon as I remove your arms from their imprisonment you immediately grab my head for a passionate kiss. Our tongues do a kind of dance as we kiss, and your hands are finally free to roam around my body as we continue to kiss. After a minute your hands finally make it down to their intended target in the first place and start to play with my balls and stroke my cock.

This is too much for me. I have to stop kissing as I am starting to fall on top of you while you are playing with my body. I slowly roll over to the side and on to my back, you follow my movements, never removing your hands from my manhood. As I get on my back you are now given full rein to handle me how you want. You continue to stroke me and come back up for some more kissing. I love kissing, I could do it for hours I think sometimes, but you have other ideas with what you want to do with your lips and tongue.

As you slowly work your way down my chest you slowly kiss a path and finally reach my cock. By now there is a good layer of precum on my head and you anxiously like it off. Then you proceed to give me probably the best blow job I have ever had! You know the technique that I like. Make sure your lips are seals, slightly suck on it... don't' be afraid to use a little teeth for sensation... no biting, just a little extra friction sometimes. Meanwhile your tongue is assaulting the underside of my head sending me to cloud nine in no time. One hand is holding the base of my cock while you pump you head up and down on my shaft. The other is underneath, playing with my balls. They are full and hanging low and enjoying every second of attention that you spend on them. It isn't too long before I am ready to explode and gently insist that you stop, I know my body, if I cum now, I am done. I wish it wasn't so, but facts are facts.

With your lips removed from my cock I can breathe normally again and get myself a little under control. I position you on all fours in front me, I like to look at that ass of yours. I give it a playful slap as I approach it from behind, my cock strutting out from me harder than I can ever remember it being. Your ass is trying to entice me to fuck you now, thrusting back as I come anywhere near you. I can hardly contain myself. I am loving this, I love to make you wait just enough to make you frustrated and whimper slightly.

Finally I slowly position myself behind you directly in line with you pussy. I slowly ease my head into your pussy and revel in the feeling of your silken pussy wrapped around it. The warmth of it, oh my god! I know you are ready for me, but I don't want to rush it, I want to make you beg for it. Slowly oh so slowly I ease into you, bit by bit. I love to listen to you whimpering and pleading for me to fuck you, fuck you hard then I have ever fucked you. Finally after what seems like minutes, but probably no more than 30 seconds I am as deep as I can go. I hold in that position for second, only to make you beg me again... I love to hear you beg.

I start withdrawing myself from you pussy now, right to the bitter tip... you groan with the displeasure and I immediately start to reinsert it back in, slowly but steadily. Much faster than the first time. I start to build a steady rhythm fucking your pussy. I start by holding your hips while I pump into you over and over again. After a couple of minutes I grab you hair for support pulling on it, forcing you head into a leaning back position. Just seeing you like that turns me on even more.

The change things up and so I can get a good look at your face while I fuck you, I pull out, ignoring your protests. Then I flip you over and place your feet over my shoulders. You look up at me with you most seductive, lust ridden face I think I have ever seen. You then plead with me to fuck you and I don't waste any more time. This time I don't waste any time. I pound right into you all the way to the base of my hard cock. You groan with the pleasure of it. Now I start fucking you in this position, taking long strokes. All of the way out, all of the way in, doing this ensures that I will be able to last for a while. I don't want to lose control yet, soon, very soon though.

After a few minutes of this, I want to drive you crazy, and I am not sure how much more I actually have in me. Now I reposition you again. Putting my hand in the back of your knees, I push them up and down toward your sides. This gives me perfect access to fuck your brains out. I have been building toward this moment for the night and now it is finally here. Now I don't hold back. I slam into you repeatedly. The rest of the night has been about pleasuring you... this now is my turn. I slam into you harder and hard with each thrust, I have no idea if you are cumming anymore or not, at this point, I frankly don't care. Slamming hard and hard, I have no idea how long I last, kind of lose track of everything but the intensity of the situation. Finally things are brought to a head and I explode with a loud groan. The orgasm seems to last for a while, again, no concept of time right now, just know that this was one of the most intense orgasms I have ever had. I think that you may be coming down from a plateau as well, but can't tell for sure. I like to think that you are, for my ego more than anything but, I just don't know.

As my cock finally stops twitching, I pull of you and roll over. All I can think of is holy shit... that was fucking incredible. We don't even bother to get cleaned up; we know that there is no point. We are both so exhausted at this point that it really doesn't take long for either of us to pass out. Last thing I remember is rolling over, draping my arm over you n a protective position and falling asleep. Hard to think that that this was only Friday night, going to be a very long and wonderful weekend!