 Katiya squinted as the ray of sun split the heavy curtains that held the room pleasantly dark. Sometime in the night, they had both come to the bedroom and slipped between the white cotton sheets of the king sized, luxurious bed. The crisp, coolness of the sheets were heavenly as they lay close to one another, naked, basking in the afterglow of passionate sex. They had slept well. The tiny part in the curtains had allowed just enough sunshine in to hit her directly in the face and it had stirred gently awake. Her body seemed tired but rested. Her mind seemed to swim in a place between sleep and consciousness. Gradually becoming aware of her surroundings, she could feel her womanhood had been deeply satisfied, not exactly sore, but tender enough to know she had been fucked well. She felt as if she hadn't moved since she slid into the bed. She knew it had been well after daybreak before they ever went to sleep so God only knew what time it was now. Coffee. She smelled coffee. She rolled over to find the bed empty beside her.

"Surely he didn't sneak out on me." she thought. Gabe didn't seem to be that kind of guy.

In the faint light of the room with the heavy curtains drawn she saw a small note.

"I'll be right back. Coffee's in the kitchen." Gabe had scribbled on a small notepad he had found on the dresser.

Katiya eased out from under the plush covers and stepped into the bathroom to relieve her self. There were a pair of thick white robes hanging from the door inside the bathroom. She eased into the soft fabric that was both comforting and cool. Tightening the belt around her, she realized the robe was smaller than she would have purchased it, as the front plunged deeply between her round breasts and the hem struck her slightly high on the thigh. They weren't meant for wrapping up in on cold winter nights clearly, it was meant for simple coverage of the bare necessities.

Her bare feet came to life on the cool, large tile in the kitchen. The aroma of coffee drawing her there. She lay the note on the counter as she reached for a cup and began to pour the joe. She wondered where he went off to. Thoughts of a secret life trailed through her mind hoping that he wasn't that guy. Hoping she hadn't become just another passing one night stand for a attractive beach bum of the town. Her imagination began to get the best of her when she heard the door creak open in the foyer.

She had hardly noticed that he had left basically all of his clothing in the living room floor where they were recklessly discarded in the wee hours of the morning. He stepped into view wearing nothing but some swimming trunks that seemed to be a few years out of date. He smiled as he walked closer. Katiya soaked in the view. His tan body shimmered with a light glaze of sweat. He wore no socks. The swim trunks struck him mid thigh, not like the present day board shorts. His muscular legs protruded from the shorts and looked as if he had been a runner all his life. He didn't sport a six pack set of abs but she could tell his core was strong. There was something about the way he smiled at her, staring into her eyes.

"Like the shorts?" He noticed as she looked him up and down. "They were all I could find this morning without doing too much rummaging. I didn't want to wake you."

"Mmmm-hmm." Katiya moaned into her coffee cup as she sipped. "Quite...retro."

She still watched him intently, taking in his regular-looking sexiness.

Gabe was carrying a paper sack, from which he produced a fresh looking mango, a couple of bananas, a pineapple and 3 oranges.

Setting the contents of the sack onto the counter he began digging through the drawers looking for a knife. Katiya watched him suffer through his search for a minute then moved a little to one side to reveal the wooden knife holder on the counter. Smiling devilishly at him as he came to the knowledge that she had been obscuring his view purposefully. He paused, staring into her when he realized what had just happened. Stepping closer, his hand slipped to her thigh just at the edge of the short robe. His grey-blue eyes fixed on hers, both of them smiling. He leaned in and kissed her softly. They didn't break their stare at one another as their lips met. He tasted her coffee as he parted his lips ever so gently to nibble at her top lip a little.

"You think you're so cute, don't you?" He quipped softly. Grinning at her without breaking his stare into those sultry, blue-green windows of her soul.

Eyebrows raised, lips turning up ever so slightly, Katiya sipped at her coffee again, moaning into the cup again. "Mmm-hmm" she nodded.

She adjusted her weight onto one foot and rested the other on top of it. Her knee slightly bending, protruded from the front split of the tiny robe. Gabe leaned into her gently pressing his body against hers, allowing her forward leg to slip between his legs as he reached around to her to pull the knife from the block. Neither of them looking away or blinking, locked into a sexy staring contest. His free hand touched her hip as he drew the knife from its home. She could feel the bulge in his swimming trunks coming to life. She wanted to giggle but maintained the playful seriousness of her stare. Gabe wanted to take her, right there on the kitchen counter. Their faces were so close, only separated by her coffee cup which she teasingly kept at her lips.

Gabe broke the stare to turn from her and began to work on the fruit. He hoped, so much, that he had just teased her as badly as she had teased him. He thought to himself, "Fuck breakfast! I want her right now!" Visions of her splayed on the counter in front of him as he drove his thickening cock into her, ran through his mind. The lust of hearing her moan with pleasure as he gave all of himself to her quickened his pulse and breath rate.

Heat flooded her entire lower regions as Gabe stepped away and turned his back to her. She eyed him as if she were a lioness and he were a small gazelle in the grasslands. She thought she may have won the little staring game but she knew she was weak with passion for him. She wanted to feel him inside her again. She stepped to behind him and reached past him to set down her cup of coffee. His body stiffened as he realized her closeness. He felt her breath on the back of his neck as she drew close to his skin to take in his early morning scent. She slowly drew in a deep breath and let her hot breath back out onto his skin. Her fingers touched both of his hips as she softly pressed her breasts into his back. She could feel the tiny hairs on his neck stand on end against her parted lips. His body rigid with spine tingling shivers, he stopped cutting for a moment.

"What is it?" She cooed through a hoarse whisper.

He slowly drew in a breath and moaned. "Mmmmmm."

She giggled lightly and leaned forward to kiss him right in the center of his back at the top of his shoulders, at the base of his neck.

Gabe lost all concentration and dared not cut another thing for fear of losing a finger.

Katiya kissed softly, warmly, damp with moist heat, her lips touched him so gently she almost didn't make contact. Her breath hot and slow. She kissed lower. Trailing her way so slowly down his spine he thought his skin would explode. Goose bumps covered his body and his nipples peaked. He could feel the shivers all over his legs as she left a moist tiny trail of hot kisses down his spine.

Gabe set the knife down to keep from dropping it. He put both hands on the counter in front of him and closed his eyes. She continued slowly down his spine driving his body crazy. The feeling of her soft lips, hot breath, and the cooling dampness of the trail she was leaving down his back was mesmerizing. He could feel her tits against his body as she worked her tantalizing magic inch by inch down his spine. Her tits grazed over the roundness of his ass and her fingers slipped into the edge of his trunks.

Katiya slowed when she reached the lower portion of his back. Soft blond hair was teasing her lips as she reached out with her warm, wet tongue and licked a tiny spot. She felt him jump slightly. It was working, it was so teasing. She slowly pulled down on the edge of his trunks exposing the tan line at his hips and the gentle slope of his back as it curved towards his ass crack. She planted a easy, wet, kiss there with parted lips. As her lips left his skin she touched him again with her tongue, this time longer, slower, with the flat of her tongue against him. She pulled down a little harder against the waistband, revealing the top of his ass cheeks.

Gabe had no idea what was happening or where this was going but he was thoroughly enjoying every second. The tease was immense and his entire body was covered in goose bumps, he could hardly keep his breath but he wasn't about to stop her. He felt the warm sensation of her tongue as she slid it just into fold of his skin at the top of his ass crack. Her breath felt like it was boiling from a furnace as she tenderly mouthed the most sensitive spot he had ever been licked or kissed. He couldn't believe the mind-fuck that was taking place. He couldn't concentrate. He couldn't think. She had him. He could feel her inner thighs on his calves as she squatted behind him. Her hands holding his ass in place. Her tits pressed against the backs of his thighs. Her nose gently touching him at the bottom of his back as her tongue caressed and probed the very top of his ass. Parted lips touching him. Every sensation was at its peak of sensitivity, he could feel everywhere she touched him and the rest of his body screamed inside his head with jealousy to have her touch it there.

Katiya enjoyed what she was doing to him as much as he obviously enjoyed it . The thought of him barely hanging onto control was making her so hot inside. She felt the juices covering the slightly parted labia as she squatted behind him teasing his ass with her tongue. She pulled at the right side quickly baring his right ass cheek. Planting a quick, flirty kiss and then a gentle bite into the fleshy meat of him, she broke him out of his trance. She quickly slid back up his body making sure her tits rubbed against him firmly. Pulling the tops of his trousers back into place, she smacked his ass just hard enough to smart a little.

"Finish preparing breakfast mister! I'm starving!" She interjected.

"That's because it's like, half past noon. You wore me out last night. I'm clearly too old for all that nonsense." he answered.

"Nonsense huh?" She quipped. "I didn't hear any complaints about all the 'nonsense' last night." Her eyebrows raised, she leaned on the corner of the counter where he had begun to cut fruit again. Her eyes burned into his as she searched his face with a flirtatious, sly grin.

Gabe, glanced at her out of the corner of his eyes and couldn't help but smile. She was so beautiful and as she leaned forward onto the counter, the robe revealed a wonderful view of her gorgeous mounds of flesh. He could almost see a hint of brown nipple and he wanted to stare but restrained himself. He knew full well she was intentionally tempting him.

"This one, what a tease!" He thought to himself. He stepped away from the counter revealing that he was still raging hard because of her former tantalizing tricks. Reaching for the fridge to get some juice, his dick pressed outwardly against his shorts.

"Hmmm," she moaned with a smile. "My friend is here, I see." as she stared unashamedly at his hard-on.

He stopped briefly to look at her. Acting bashful, he turned away to hide his crotch from her ogling eyes. "He will be here as long as you'd like him to be," he snapped playfully. "But now, I have to have sustenance."

"Gabe." She took a serious tone. "I'm going to be here a few more days. I would like for you, and him," nodding towards his obvious hard-on, "to be here as much as you two can be here. What do you think of that?"

Gabe simply smiled at her then nodded his affirmation. "I think both of us would like that very much."

They ate together out on the back patio, overlooking the beach. The surf pounded away at the sand like an incessant lover. Sighing with every push, the hiss of the ocean's breath relayed the sounds of their lovemaking from the previous night. She had never noticed that sound, in that respect. The warm, salty air bathed her skin as she sat nibbling at the fresh fruit. She thought about how romantic it was for him to bring fresh fruit and cut it up for them to eat. The robe had fallen more and more apart as they had moved to the patio. She didn't care. For some reason, she felt no reserve with Gabe. She felt no reason to hide or be shy. He gazed at her like he could eat her alive but there was a gentleness and sweetness that she had never known.

He was trying to be a gentleman and not stare at her growing nakedness. He was trying to keep his focus on the small talk but all he could do was think of how incredible she felt the night before. His mind couldn't escape the feeling of her vaginal muscles squeezing him as she climaxed. His hands remembered the fullness of her breasts as he cupped them while she rode him into ecstasy. Their conversation trickled on but his mind couldn't be pried from the views of her incredible body as she sat across from him, revealing more and more as the time slipped by.

She leaned back into her chair and laughed at something he said. The right side of her robe finished falling, revealing the entire left side of her body. She caught his stare and stretched her leg out. The sun gleamed off her skin. They were completely alone, although entirely exposed to the beach. It was erotic to think that someone walking along the sand might see them. Gabe didn't care. Katiya didn't care. Their eyes met and both of them immediately forgot what they were chatting about.

Gabe slid his foot closer to her and touched her ankle with his toes. She looked down at his foot and slowly traced his legs back up to his crotch. She could clearly see he was hardening in the moment of lust. His breath deepened and his pulse began to rise. Katiya licked her lips, tasting the salt in the air.

They both wondered who might move first.

Katiya gave in. She stood. The robe barely hung from one shoulder, her entire naked body exposed to him. He sat, taking in the incredible sight. She let the robe slip from her to the floor of the patio. She moved teasingly slow. She stepped over the robe toward him. She turned around and bent forward, picking up the robe, giving an incredible view of her ass and pussy as she barely parted her thighs. She folded the robe once as she stood back up, turned and dropped it again in front of him. Stepping between his feet she leaned forward, placing a hand on each of his thighs. She leaned forward and kissed him hotly on the lips. Her tongue swirled through his mouth as she gently reached for the waistband of his trunks. Katiya slithered to her knees, onto the folded robe for comfort as she pulled Gabe's shorts down the front of his body. His thick cock freed itself as the fabric slid past it. Katiya eyed it like a starving animal. She wanted to take it all into her watering mouth but restrained herself. She moved up his body to kiss him again. Her tits brushed against his balls and then parted enough to slide up both sides of his dick. As she took his tongue into her warm mouth, he pushed his crotch up and into her to feel the flesh of her mounds against him.

"Mmmmmm." She moaned as he fucked her tits slowly without breaking their passionate kiss.

She slipped away from his mouth and slid her body back down his. Her right hand taking hold of his firm manhood, she cupped his balls with her left hand. Starting at the base of his thick shaft, Katiya lay the flat of her tongue against him. With even pressure from her hand, she strongly licked her way all the way up the belly of his dick.

Gabe moaned deeply as her warm, wet tongue traveled the length of his member. "Oh my God." He whispered almost under his breath.

Excited by the affirmation, Katiya licked him again, bottom to top, she then paused at the bottom edge of his purplish head, tonguing it strongly. Her lips kissed against the stretched fleshy edge of his helmet, as his cock twitched under her touch. Her left hand, massaging his nuts, slipped tightly around the base of his dick pulling down on the skin. This motion stretched the skin over his swollen head even tighter, pronouncing its fullness. She pumped up with her right hand and finally let her mouth engulf the swollen head of his meat stick.

"Ooooohhhh fuuck!" Gabe grunted

Katiya slipped her right hand back down his shaft and chased it with her saliva covered lips. His thick head prying into the edge of her throat as she reached near the base of his cock. She began to disgorge his veiny shaft from her mouth and stroked it extremely slowly with her hand, sliding in the juices of her sucking. While she slipped her hand up and down teasingly, she bent further down to take in his wonderful, manly balls. She lapped at them gingerly and then softly sucked them both into her mouth. Pulling steadily at his firm manhood.

Gabe could feel his body beginning to tense and as bad as he wanted to fuck Katiya again, he simply couldn't force himself to ask her to stop the wonderful head she was giving him. As she knelt between his legs, her soft skin brushing against his inner thighs, her fingers worked magic on his tightening scrotum while she glazed his throbbing member with her incredible mouth. When she pushed herself down onto him, his bulbous head would slip past the tight place in the back of her mouth beginning its path down into her throat. It was at that moment he thought, for sure, he would explode, coating her tonsils with his thick cum. Her soft lips sliding up and down his shaft was driving him crazy.

Katiya was getting hotter by the second as well. His manhood got harder and thicker as she sucked him. She wanted to feel it inside of her pussy but the selfish side wanted to feel it explode in her mouth. She was having an internal, mental battle over which part of him wanted his cock more. Her pussy demanded attention so she decided to ease the pressure a little with her hand. Her left hand dropped from his nuts as she continued to stroke and suck at him with her wanting mouth and right hand. Her left fingers found their way quickly to the open folds of soaking wetness between her thighs. She rubbed hard against her clit for a a few seconds. Her pussy exploded with feeling as her clit awakened to the touch of her fingers. It simply wouldn't do. She shoved her two middle fingers into her drenching wet hole.

"MMMMMMM!" She moaned onto his cock as she pumped her pussy full with her fingers.

"OHHHHHhhhhhhhh God." Gabe groaned as she intensified the facial fucking she was delivering.

She couldn't take it any longer. Her body began to quiver as the beginnings of an orgasm crept into her deepest regions. She simply had to feel that thick dick inside of her. Hand pumping his dick a couple of more times as she stood, without losing grip of the base, she spun around, stepped to either side of his feet and slipped down onto his waiting member.

The orgasm pulsed from deep within her. She didn't have to move. The fullness of having him up inside of her was more than enough. Just for the added pleasure, she ground her middle finger into her clit as she gushed out onto his lap. Her juices, spraying out of her, covered his nuts and soaked his lower belly. She ground against his pelvic bone. His hands firmly gripping her hips, he pumped as hard as he could into her. The orgasmic waved tossed her body back and forth, as she came again. The waves of muscular quivers inside of her drew him closer and closer to climax. Katiya wanted to share the pleasure so she slipped her hand from her swollen clit to his balls and began to massage and squeeze them. She hopped a couple of times, driving herself down onto his fuck stick. Her ass slapped against his belly as he began to groan. She took his entire nut-sack into her hand and her finger tips grazed the sensitive skin between his scrotum and his ass hole. She pressed gently against him there. Using his stiffened cock like a toy, she bounced a few more times, driving his manhood up into her deeply. She felt as if he may push through her cervix as she took him as deeply as she could. Another wave of orgasm began to push through her. As her pussy tightened around his swollen shaft she felt his entire body begin to stiffen.
