 INTRODUCTION

My name is Cathleen and many of you read about me in the story An Affair to Remember. To refresh your memory I was 35 years of age when our affair started. I had short blonde hair with a 34-25-35 figure. I was 5'5" tall and weighed about 120 pounds with small breasts but a killer ass. I worked out regularly and kept myself in excellent shape. I was the Administrative Assistant for an Executive of a large company in the Chicago area. The Executive named Walt and I had a torrid affair for almost five years before we both left the company for other jobs. Walt was 44 years old when the affair started and he surprised me with his sexual prowess. He was tireless when it came to sex and he always made sure that I was completely satisfied. Walt stood at 6"1" and 200 pounds. He was in great shape as he was an avid skier, tennis player, golfer, SCUBA diver and he was working on his black belt in martial arts. 

If you read the other story then you learned that Walt and I brought sex into the office place. Once we did, hardly a day went by that his cock wasn't in my mouth, pussy or ass. Walt purchased a door brace which allowed him to keep anyone with a pass key from entering unexpectedly. It wasn't until he purchased that door brace that we moved from strictly oral sex in his office to other sex acts.

I was glad when he brought the door brace into his office because up to then I was only on the giving end of our sexual activity. I loved to suck his cock and he never tired of my blow jobs. The day he brought the door brace in, he ate my pussy after I sucked his cock. It was a little awkward eating my pussy since I was reluctant to take off my pantyhose just in case I had to get dressed quickly. Walt pushed my pantyhose all the way down to my ankles and then looped my legs over his head. He dove between my legs as I sat in his chair and he ate me through multiple orgasms.

I always carried lotion in my purse so when Walt wanted to fuck me in the ass he had the lotion to lubricate me. He would bend me over his desk, pull my pantyhose and panties down to my ankles, lube up my asshole and shove his cock in. He fucked me until he came in my ass and afterward I cleaned up. Then he would eat my pussy again. It was easy for him to fuck me doggy style either in my pussy or my ass but I didn't cum that way since his cock wasn't in contact with my clit. Walt then decided it was time for a clothing change. 

THE CLOTHING DECISION

One day Walt called me into his office and locked the door. Then he sat down and told me to come to his side and look at some material on his desk. We had played these games before and he would run his hand up my skirt to my pantyhose covered ass as I pretended to look at something important. This would usually lead to him lowering my pantyhose and panties as I leaned over the desk. Then he would finger my pussy, play with my ass and finger my asshole until he decided where he wanted to put his cock.

This particular day he had a Victoria's Secret catalog on his desk and he wanted me to look at the way some of the models were clothed. There were models wearing panties over crotchless pantyhose. Walt told me that he would be able to take off my panties all the way and I would still have pantyhose on and that if anyone knocked on the door I would just have to let my skirt drop back into place. Another model was wearing thigh high hose with elastic tops. This was an amount of naked flesh between the tops of her hose and her panties. Walt said that he like this option better as again he could remove my panties entirely.

All the while we looked at the catalog; Walt's hand was under my skirt rubbing my hose covered ass. He eventually hooked his fingers in the waistband of my pantyhose and panties and pulled them down to my ankles. He fingered my pussy and played with my ass as I leaned over the desk and looked at the models. I was very turned on and I came on Walt's fingers. Then he took the lotion, lubed my ass and his cock and fucked me in the ass until he came. Afterward he told me that he would buy these outfits for me if I agreed to wear them. I agreed and then we set a date to go shopping.

THE SHOPPING TRIP

When the day arrived to go shopping Walt surprised me. He told me that we were going to a boutique in southern Wisconsin that was just over the Illinois border. I thought that we were going to the Victoria's Secret store in the mall so he really surprised me. The boutique, which I learned was named Madame Boureau's Boutique, was about an hour and a half drive from the office. Walt said we would stop for lunch on the way.

The boutique was not easy to find as Walt took a lot of turns after leaving the highway and I got a sense that he had been there before. We finally pulled into the parking lot and I noticed that the building was very tastefully done. We got out of the car and entered the store where I got one of the biggest surprises in my life. There must have been six beautiful girls walking around waiting on customers and each girl was scantily clad. They were wearing panties with garters and hose and matching bras. There were very revealing bras showing a lot of cleavage and panties that hardly covered their gorgeous asses. I was lost for words as I looked around the store and saw all the beautiful intimate wear and gorgeous sales girls. Just then a mature woman approached us.

"Oh Walter how good to see you, how have you been?" the woman said as she kissed Walt on both cheeks but they didn't really kiss they just made the sound and kissed the air as their cheeks touched.

Madame then turned to me and spoke, "Oh and you are Cathleen, I have heard so much about you. You are most welcome here and I will see that your experience is one you will always remember."

Madame Boureau had a very heavy French accent and I was to learn later that she was French Canadian and originally from Quebec. In fact all the models and salesgirls were from Quebec and they all spoke fluent French and English. All the girls had French names; Monique, Danielle, Antoinette, Jacqueline, Amelie, Bridget, Gigi and Lola are the names that I remembered.

Madame told Walt that everything was arranged and then they spoke in French. It was the first time that I ever heard Walt speak French and apparently he was quite comfortable with the language. I knew that he spoke Italian and Spanish because he had spent time in those countries but speaking French was a surprise to me. Madame led us through the boutique into the back and into a very nicely furnished room with mirrors on one wall. She excused herself and told us that the models would join us in a few minutes. Walt told me to have a seat while we waited and then he poured me a glass of white wine and himself a scotch on the rocks. He had apparently arranged to have the drinks available as it was my favorite white wine and his favorite scotch, Johnny walker Black. I relaxed in the comfortable chair and sipped the wine as we waited for the girls to join us.

"Cathleen this will be a very special experience for you and it is best that you just go with the flow. The girls will be working with you to select your lingerie and outfits. This will be a full service experience for you and I ask that you be careful not to offend them. Just let them do what they have been trained to do," Walt told me.

I had no idea what to expect and his explanation just raised my curiosity. What was the special service? What would the girls do to make it so special? What would I be expected to do in going along with the flow? I would soon have the answers to my questions.

BRIDGET AND AMELIE

Two models named Bridget and Amelie entered the room and then they closed and locked the door. Both of them were very pretty brunettes who could have passed for sisters. They were built similar and they looked to weigh no more than 100 pounds. They both had shapely figures with medium size breasts and very shapely bottoms. Bridget wore a white bra and panty set along with a white garter belt attached to white hose. Amelie was in stark contrast with her red and black bodice, red panties, red garter belt and black hose. They both wore heels that emphasized their shapely legs.

Bridget spoke first, "As we understand your needs today, you need clothing that will make it easier for you to have sex in the office. Is that correct?"

I was a little surprised that Walt had supplied that information to Madame and I blushed as I replied, "Yes that is correct."

"Good, well let's get you undressed and then we will take some measurements," Amelie directed.

I was surprised again that I was expected to undress in front of these girls and then have them take measurements of my naked body. But I remembered what Walt had told me so I stood up and started to unbutton my blouse.

"Oh no Cathleen, allow us. We will undress you and dress you, that is part of our service," Amelie announced.

Bridget and Amelie then approached me and began to remove my clothes. At this time I was beet red from embarrassment but I went along with everything as Walt had told me. First they removed my blouse and them Bridget unhooked my bra. My bra had left marks on my skin which Bridget rubbed her hands over soothing my skin. As she did that Amelie stroked my breasts and aroused my nipples. Amelie had a very seductive look about her as she rubbed my tits.

Then Bridget unfastened my skirt and let it drop to the floor. I stepped out of it and Bridget then moved it out of the way with her feet. They looked at me standing there in my heels, pantyhose and panties. I looked over at Walt and he was watching the three of us as he sipped his scotch.

"I can see why it is awkward to have sex in your office the way she is dressed," Amelie directed her comment toward Walt.

Bridget and Amelie then both pulled my pantyhose down my legs. They removed my heels and slipped the hose off my legs. My body was covered with goose bumps from excitement as I stood before these two beauties in just my panties. Bridget was behind me and she pulled my panties down just below the cheeks of my ass. Then Amelie, who knelt in front of me, pulled my panties down exposing my blonde bush and then my vulva. They stared at my ass and pussy for at least a minute before they finally took my panties off and left me standing naked in the room.

Bridget lifted my buttocks in both her hands and complimented me, "You have a nice firm ass Cathleen."

"Thank you," I whispered.

"I can see why Walt likes to fuck you in your ass," added Amelie.

I then realized that nothing was sacred, these girls knew everything that they needed to know.

"Now we will take some measurements," Amelie announced as she produced a measuring tape.

Amelie and Bridget went about taking my measurements in a very unique way. First Amelie sucked on my nipples to get them hard so they could get a true bust measurement. Then after measuring my bust they moved the tape to my waist and then my hips. After measuring around my ass for longer than seemed necessary, they measured each one of my thighs. They put the tape between my legs and measured one than the other thigh. Then the tape was moved higher and I felt it touch my vulva. I was getting very turned on at this point but I still wasn't prepared for the next move.

Amelie and Bridget measured me from my vulva up to my blonde pubic hair in the front and my tailbone in the back. I felt the tape slip between the outer lips of my labia and slide up against my clit. Amelie and Bridget moved the tape back and forth as if they were trying to get a true measurement but they knew what they were doing. Soon my pussy was wet with excitement and I thought that I was going to cum but just then they removed the tape.

"We will be right back with some outfits for you," Bridget said as they left the room.

"Enjoying your self so far?" Walt asked as he continued to sit in the chair and sip his scotch.

"God I need to cum soon or I will go nuts," I gasped.

"Be patient, you are in good hands," he told me.

Just then the girls returned carrying some clothes and they organized them in the order that I was to try them on. First Bridget helped me put on a pair of thigh high hose with elastic tops. I wanted to scream out loud as she slowly pulled the hose onto my legs. Her face was dangerously close to my pussy as she put the hose on me and I wanted to grab her by the hair and pull her face into my pussy. Bridget tested the elastic tops and then acted as if she were smoothing them out as she caressed my bare upper thighs. Next Amelie put a pair of panties on me and she slowly pulled them up my legs and covered my ass and pussy. The silk felt good on my skin but not as good as Amelie's hands which moved over my pubes and ass.

Then Bridget fitted me with a bra that had holes cut out for my nipples. It was a very erotic piece of intimate wear. Amelie then helped me put on a blouse that was very silky except for the fabric that touched my bare nipples. That material was somewhat coarse and aroused my nipples. Amelie explained that it was designed to keep me in an aroused state. Finally Bridget put a wrap around skirt on me. I had never seen one much less wore one before. The skirt fastened with Velcro and a button. Bridget explained that it would be easy to put the skirt on in seconds whenever necessary.

The girls had me dressed and then they told me it was time to test out the clothing. Bridget had the skirt off of me in seconds and Amelie pulled my panties off just as quickly. I stood naked except for the blouse and thigh high hose. Apparently I looked very sexy as Walt let out a soft whistle. Bridget guided me over to the table and had me lean over it with my hands providing support. My back was turned to Walt and I knew he was looking right at my ass.

"As you can see this outfit is very practical. The blouse will keep her in an aroused state until you are ready to have sex. Then her skirt and panties can be removed quickly and you will have access to her ass and pussy," Amelie addressed Walt.

"I love it," he replied.

"Now if you are interrupted while having sex, she can quickly fasten the wrap around skirt. I would not bother with the panties as the skirt will cover her and the panties can be put back on later. There will be no cumbersome pantyhose to deal with any longer," Amelie concluded.

"Great, we'll take that outfit," Walt accepted.

Amelie smiled and then she and Bridget stripped me naked again. Once again they moved slowly and had me ready to burst when Bridget spoke. 

"Amelie she is very wet again, we should help her," Bridget whispered.

"Yes of course you are right Bridget," Amelie answered.

They finished undressing me until I was totally naked again and then they guided me to the floor. Bridget nestled between my thighs and ran her tongue over my vulva. I almost jumped off the floor when her tongue found my clit. I was about to have my pussy eaten by a female for the first time but I didn't care who it was. I was so horny at that point I just needed to cum. Amelie laid along side me and stroked and kissed my tits. She loved playing with my nipples and rolling them in her teeth. I was turned on beyond belief.

I felt my orgasm building and I knew it would be huge as these girls had worked me into an erotic state. Amelie surprised me when she stood and slipped off her panties and then straddled me lowering her pussy to my face.

"Walt tells that us that you have eaten pussy before," Amelie said as she covered my face with her pussy.

Apparently Walt had told them about the one time with the aerobics instructor when the three us got it on in the romantic interlude hotel. That had been a big disappointment because Janey had talked such a good game but when it came down to it she would only let me and Walt eat her pussy and Walt fuck her. Janey wouldn't eat my pussy or suck Walt's cock. That was the one and only time that we were with Janey and my only time until now with a woman. 

Bridget was doing a marvelous job on my pussy and I knew my dam was going to break at any moment. I turned my attention to Amelie and copied what Bridget was doing to me. Apparently I was doing it right because Amelie was moaning and squirming on my face. She had a sweet tasting pussy and I really got into eating it. 

I leaned forward and slowly stuck out my tongue. I took one, slow lick as I flattened my tongue on Amelie's bare mound. It felt so smooth and warm. I had achieved the desired effect and from the moan I knew that Amelie enjoyed it. To my surprise I enjoyed the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia and my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her juice. I was soon licking and lapping up as much as I could.

Amelie was obviously enjoying what I was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for my tongue to explore her pussy. My tongue explored all of her as my mind took notes of what seemed to turn her on. Amelie was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever I got near her hard pearl. As I searched out her hard clit still just barely hidden she tensed and began to quiver. After I felt like I had teased her opening as much as I could with my tongue it was time to see her reaction when my tongue finally touched that pearl just as Bridget was doing to me.

As I worked on Amelie's clit my own orgasm was building from the movement of Bridget's into my pussy. Like an animal out of control my hip movements continued to move rapidly as her tongue plunged in and out of my wetness causing me to cry out again. My legs spread further for this girl and her insistent tongue in my vigorous effort to cum. My scream was muffled in Amelie's pussy as an orgasm gushed forth from me.

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her pearl I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I was truly amazed at its size. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Amelie was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. I nuzzled it with my nose taking in her scent and I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Amelie went wild and started bucking and calling out my name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Amelie humped my face for all she was worth. I was excited that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Amelie came but finally she rolled off of me and collapsed on the floor, her body in spasms.

Amelie had no sooner rolled off of me then Bridget moved up and covered my face with her pussy. At this point I was anxious to taste her as well to see if she tasted any different then Amelie. I noticed that Bridget's pussy did taste slightly different but it was sweet as well. As I worked on Bridget to get her to cum in my mouth I felt another mouth back at my pussy. Amelie had recovered and now she was lapping at me just as Bridget had done earlier. I felt Bridget tense up just before she came and flooded my mouth with her sweet nectar. I gobbled up every drop of her female love juice and then realized that I was close to cumming again. Amelie sucked me until my body shook in climax and I doused her face with my juice.

The three of us rested on the floor with our faces covered with female love juices. Finally Bridget and Amelie stood up and put on their panties. They excused themselves and thanked me for a very exciting time together. Bridget told me that two other girls would be joining me shortly to finish the clothing selection. Then Amelie and Bridget left me naked alone with Walt.
