 I Walk To You

I wear a thin silk sheath and nothing else. My hair is up with a single comb. I step inside the door and see you across the room, sitting alone on a couch, wearing a gold and red brocade robe. You are watching me intently, a slight smile on your lips but not in your eyes. I feel it like warm, humid air pressing on my skin. You say, "It's alright... it's alright..." and it is the most seductive, enticing, compelling voice I've ever heard.

I walk toward you very slowly, and with each step I become more aware of my hips rolling, the silk against my ass as it moves and the softness of it over my breasts. My nipples are hard. I couldn't look away from your mouth even if I wanted to. I walk toward you, and then I see your cock is hard inside your robe and feel my pussy suddenly wet. That cock is going to probe my body. I will taste it and suck it and swallow it. I know that once your hands are on me there will be no getting away, but I also know I'm not going to stop. 

I didn't think I was quite close enough, but you suddenly snap your hand out and catch me, and without hesitation or a single word you open your robe, take my head in both hands and put my mouth down on your cock. It's big and hard and alive, it fills my mouth and I feel it slide along the flat of my tongue. I suck your cock coming up, draaaawing, and I make my lips into a ring and squeeeeeze going down, and I turn my head sometimes and spiral my mouth on each stroke. When you pause at the tip, I flick your frenulum like you do my clit, and my clit throbs in response to my tongue on your cock. You control me and use me to rise high and ride the wave. Oh, I love your cock, yes I do. Your hands tighten on my head and you thrust all the way into my throat. I feel the hair on my chin and breathe deep to smell you. I simply can't get enough. 

I take you deep into my throat again and again. I'm drooling and my eyes are watering, then you jerk my head back and as I gasp you grab my hips and pull me forward so you can lick me. When your tongue slips in between my lips I jump and shift my feet and you say, "Don't. You. Move." You have both hands on my ass, bruising handfuls of my ass, pushing and holding my pussy on your mouth. And your teeth. You take my pussy lips in your teeth! I'm shaking now, my god, I can't get away and I can't stand it. 

When my knees begin to buckle, you bend me over the arm of the couch and immediately bind me. My feet would only reach the floor if I pointed my toes and reached for it. My hands are tied to the feet of the other end of the couch. And you are there, pressing your whole body against the whole back of my body, you're laying on me almost, covering me, and I feel your cock. I know what's coming. You ask if I can feel it and demand I answer. 

You start kissing my back, kissing and licking. You reach around and hold my breasts, twisting the nipples until I moan. We both know it's a moan of pleasure. Your mouth and hands go down to my ass and you bite it and kiss my skin. I feel the juice dribble down between my thighs.

You position my hips exactly where you want them. You suddenly smack my ass, I jump, and you spread me. There to your view is a ruby red jewel, a plug in my ass. You tease my pussy with your cock and I try to move my ass toward you but I can't. You rub your cock between my legs, so slippery. "God! Put it in me!" I cry out, I beg. You slide your cock into my pussy and as you begin to thrust, you start to tease, pulling the plug out and pushing it back in, you're fucking my pussy and my ass together. 

The sensation is overwhelming. My back tries to arch against being bent over and you reach around me and actually hook your fingers under both sides of my rib cage and pull me as deep as possible around your cock by my bones. Then you fuck my pussy with the whole weight and aggression and leverage of your body, my ass still filled with the toy. All sensation is one now and I can't stand it, I can't help it! Incoherent sounds come out of me with your thrusting, I hear grunting and I don't know if it's you or me.

You lean over my back and your hips don't stop and god you take my skin in your teeth, your hands now hooked under my shoulders. I hear and feel you breathing onto my neck and with that I shudder, and thought stops. You fill my body and you fill my mind. Your breath becomes ragged, then gasping, then three hard thrusts and I feel you come, I feel your cock twitch in my pussy. Give me your cum, all of it, all of it! You're holding us pressed so tightly together, pushing against me so hard I can barely breathe and the couch is shoved up to the wall.

Then you take your teeth from my neck, put your mouth right on my ear...and you growl. 

God!! My pussy slams into an orgasm like I've never known, hard powerful contractions again, again, again, god again. I'm holding my breath, I will never breathe again. It feels like my whole body is cumming around your cock. I feel the creamy cum filling me and my own gush of juice, and it runs over onto my legs and drips out of my pussy as you pull away, and then take out the plug. Ah! I already want you back.

Instantly you untie me. You scoop me up and carry me to pillows on the floor and set me down. You lay half over me, one of your knees between my legs, and we put our mouths onto each other's necks and find the pulse there with our lips. We ride our beating hearts down into sleep.