 Editing assistance is acknowledged from JayDavid, 1121, GrammarHotsie, colorados2013, ticklechamgers, and hexglow.

*****

'Man, it's hot,' I thought to myself. I was sitting in the shade of the grain truck in the middle of a wheat field that must have been at least two hundred acres. My custom combine team, consisting of me and 22 year old Tom - Tommy to the girls, were working our way north from Texas hiring out to farmers who didn't have equipment or needed to get the harvest completed faster. We had two trucks - big, two-ton jobs that could each hold three loads of wheat. One truck was on the far side of the field and we would dump twice during each circuit of the field.

My truck was about 25 feet into the stubble and Tom had finished unloading the combine and left on what was probably the last round before lunch time. It took about 45 minutes to make a round.

I looked up at the county road and saw some dust made by a dark brown, 3/4 ton, diesel pickup headed our way. We were on the Enright place and for the last two days Enright's 19 year old daughter had delivered sandwiches and ice cold drinks to us for lunch. With any luck this would be her.

She was a looker as were most farm girls in this part of the country. Pretty, strong-willed, and with the kind of body that would tempt any grown man. Megan was between her first two years of college, back on the farm, helping her mom and dad, her two younger sisters, and her brother.

I watched the truck as it slowed down to make the turn off the county road into the field. It picked up speed as it came toward me around the perimeter of the field on the part that was cut. She must have been doing forty as she slid around the last corner on the slick wheat stubble, recovered, and headed directly to me.

She slid to a stop less than ten feet from where I was sitting, and after the dust cleared, put down her window and looked at me with a grin on her face.

"Howdy, big guy," she said. "Is it hot enough for you out here?"

"It's warm, all right," I replied, looking back at her into those sky-blue eyes framed by her shoulder length, sandy blond hair.

"I brought you guys some lunch," she said.

"Thanks, Megan. Just like yesterday?"

"No. Different."

"Yeah? How different?"

"Come over and see."

I stood up and walked out of the shade over to the driver's side of her truck. I'm a pretty big guy and the bottom of the window opening came right up a little above my waist. She had the A/C running full blast and I could feel some of the cold air as I stood by the truck. She had on a loose fitting shirt with snaps down the middle and a full skirt which she had pulled up above mid-thigh. My gaze fixed on her smooth legs a little longer than necessary.

"O.K. What's different?" I asked, looking up to her eyes.

"There're your sandwiches," she said, pointing to two brown paper bags on the passenger side of the cab. "Do you want'em?"

"Sure do," I said.

"Well, you gotta' reach for'em."

Megan teased us hired guys a lot so I didn't think much about reaching across the cab for a lunch bag.

Just as I started to reach in with my left hand, she said, "Hold it!" I stopped.

"You can't put your hand inside my truck with those dirty gloves on." She was looking right into my eyes not 12 inches from me.

"O.K.," I said, and pulled my hand back, took the leather glove off my left hand, and put it into the back pocket of my jeans.

As I reached back into the truck, I had to lean into the window and when I did, my face came closer to hers. She shifted in the seat moving forward so that her chest brushed against my arm.

"Careful, cowboy," she said, as she not so subtly rubbed her tits on my arm.

"Jesus, Megan," I said as she grabbed my arm to hold it while she rubbed it back and forth on her chest. Those firm tits felt like ripe grapefruits under her shirt. I moved up and repositioned my arm.

"Hold still," she commanded as she pushed her chest harder against my arm.

After a moment she asked, "What's the matter? Can't you reach those goodies?"

"Uh... No. They are just out of reach," I said thinking she was referring to the lunch bags.

"Don't move," she said. As if I wanted to with her hands on my arm pushing against her tits.

With one hand she reached up and slowly unsnapped her shirt from the top down, looking into my eyes the whole time. She moved my hand under her shirt onto her right breast.

"How about now?" she asked.

"God, Megan," I said as I squeezed and fingered her braless chest. Those grapefruits became soft, firm flesh which felt incredible under my work-worn hand.

She held my arm against herself as I continued to massage her tits and pinch her nipples. She stiffened and then relaxed, tilting her head back onto the headrest and closing her eyes.

"That's good. Right like that," she murmured, and let go of my arm to open her shirt wide exposing both tits to the cold air coming from the dashboard vents. Immediately both nipples hardened under my pinching fingers.

"Back off," she said impatiently. "But don't stop."

I moved my head out of the cab and continued rubbing her tits as she began to squirm around in her seat. Both her arms were now at her sides and she was pushing her chest harder into my hand. "Mmmm... Good, damn good," she said.

"Pinch harder. You're a bad man, aren't you?" She egged me on with suggestive talk.

"Whenever I'm offered the opportunity." I pinched her nipples harder causing her to moan.

"God, that feels good!" she cried. "Harder! Harder!"

I knew she wasn't talking about my cock, but I shifted again so I could get a better angle to push against her. She moved back in the seat and put her right foot up on the dash, right next to the A/C vent. Her skirt slid further toward her waist revealing more of her long, beautiful legs. I was now practically mauling her tits. She was making groaning noises with her head back and her eyes closed.

"Stop. Make a fist," she said.

"Ohhhh, man," I said, and made a fist with my left hand.

She grabbed my arm. "Stick out your thumb."

I did.

She took my arm and moved my fist between her legs. No panties. She moved slightly and my thumb was in her pussy with the big part of my hand pressing on her clit. She had both hands on my arm pulling it into her.

"So hard. So hard," she said with her eyes still closed. My arm was all muscle and both of her hands wouldn't reach around it.

She began to rotate on my thumb, moving back and forth, and started to moan louder. "Oh, damn! Oh, damn!" she said as she moved faster and faster against my fist.

She let go of my arm with her right hand and began to squeeze her tits. "Yes! Yes! Right there!" she cried as she pulled on her nipples with one hand and pressed my arm into her pussy with the other. "Good... Good... Good..." she said in between breaths.

"You like this?" I asked.

"Shut up, you bastard," she choked out the words.

"Aren't you sweet on Tommy?" I asked. "He's going to be here before long. I can see the combine coming toward us."

"I said 'Shut up!' " she said, and redoubled her efforts against my hard hand. She opened her eyes to look down the field and saw the combine approaching. "Shit. Uh... Uh... Uh...," she said breathlessly as she continued to saw into my fist. "Oh, god, god, god... I'm coming! I'm coming! So good... So fucking good... Uh... Uh... Uh... Ohhh... Ohhh... Ohhhhhhh," as she stiffened and accidently pushed her left foot against the accelerator. A cloud of black smoke blew out the exhaust.

In a minute I could feel her relax and her breathing slowed. My hand was soaked with her juices and still clamped between her legs.

"Wow! That was amazing!" she said. She glanced down the field again.

She pulled my hand out from between her legs, pushed my arm back out of the cab, lowered her foot from the dash, and pulled her skirt down. She handed me my lunch bag and started snapping her shirt up.

"That combine's almost here. Tommy's probably got a load he needs to get rid of," she said with a devious smile. "You better get the truck lined up and I'll take him his lunch."

I looked at her, sniffed her scent on my hand, and grinned. "Thanks for the lunch," I said.

"That's all until later," she added. "I've got to go take care of Tommy."

As the combine came to a stop, I drove the truck under the auger. Megan grabbed the other lunch bag, got out of her truck, and walked over to where the combine had stopped. She climbed the steps up to the air-conditioned cab of the combine. Tommy opened the door and Megan entered, swinging her leg over Tommy to straddle his lap. As she smoothed her skirt over Tommy with her hands under her skirt at Tommy's pants, she looked over, caught my eye, and gave me a smile and a knowing wink.