 She slipped into his bedroom while he was sleeping, quietly sneaking downstairs from the spare room so as not to wake the rest of the household. He was lying peacefully on his side, snoring gently as she lifted the covers, and after first slipping off her T-shirt nightie, slid alongside his prone body. The cold English climate made the whole house very chilly at night, and even this brief excursion down the stairs was enough for her to be shivering by the time she had the duvet back over her.

She snuggled up to him for warmth, pressing her breasts firmly into his back and moulding her legs along the back of his. After a few moments, she was frustrated by the T-shirt and PJ trousers that he was wearing - she wanted to feel his skin against hers and share all of his warmth. Taking the T-shirt off without waking him looked impossible, but the trousers were a simple elasticated affair and she managed to slide them down his legs with minimal fuss and only a slight stir and murmur from him. Returning to her former spoon position, the only item of clothing between her legs and his was the black satin g-string that she still wore - warmth quickly returned to her body.

After a few minutes of trying to sleep, she decided that she was happier just to lie with him than to try and doze off. Wicked thoughts went through her mind and her right hand slid delicately over his now bare hip and touched his pubic hair and penis. Her fingers curled around his length, holding his flaccid dick into an almost erect position. The warmth of his skin was intense to her touch and she slowly began to stroke his length, feeling a gentle swelling with each caress.

His dick grew in her hand, accompanied by the occasional groan and a slight quickening of the still sleeping figure's breath. When he was at full length, her hand's pace quickened - the pace of his breath could be matched to the speed she chose to stroke at. Three times she brought him close to the end; the warm body next to hers tensing as he nearly came, before she eased off her pace and left him come back from the edge.

Finally, stroking the exposed tender flesh under his foreskin delicately, he came in a huge surge, covering her hand in his warm juices. She moved her soaked hand to her mouth and tasted his cum - warm and slightly salty, she cleaned her whole hand before returning it to her original hold and dozing off to his deepened rhythmic snoring.

He woke to feel an unexpected person in his bed - she had obviously missed him during the night and come down to be with him. The cold sticky feeling at his crotch made him realise she had done more than miss him and his fingers intertwined with those still holding his now flaccid cock. She was sleeping like a baby behind him, her bust pressed firmly to his back and her head cocked up onto his shoulder. Even with him interlocking his fingers into hers, she stirred not one bit.

He decided to return the favour, and moving her head carefully from his shoulder, inserted him right arm between their bodies. His hand snaked slowly down to the warmth of her mound, sliding one finger between her legs to touch her through the black satin that she wore. He knew he could do little more than this with her legs pressed together behind his, but to his surprise, his gentle touch triggered something in her body and she conveniently chose that moment to roll slightly more on to her tummy and rest her top leg onto his.

This gave him much easier access to her sex and he gently stroked her through her panties, arousing her more and more until the small triangle of fabric was saturated. Her groaning intensified as he moved his hand back up to the elastic top of the g-string, slipping his fingers inside the sticky material and running one finger along her entire slit. The girl cum soaked material stuck to the back of his hand as he found her clit and rubbed it in small circles with his index finger. She groaned and her body arched involuntarily towards his hand, making the contact with her clit much firmer.

Her breath shallowed into short gasps and her hips began to buck; it must have been this movement that caused her to wake groggily. Her entire being was focused on what his hand was touching, even more so when he gently eased a single finger into wet hole, stroking it in and out while occasionally brushing her clit with the ball of his thumb. Her panting and groaning intensified and she almost screamed as she came explosively, soaking his hand in girl juice.

Taking hold of his hand, she gently removed his finger from her still quivering pussy and proceeded to squirm out of her cum soaked g-string. Rolling him onto his back, she straddled over him, allowing her full breasts to hang invitingly in front of his face. He greedily sucked a nipple into his mouth, tonguing its erect tip and brushing the engorged point with his lips. She moved her body down slightly so that her opening was hovering over his erection and then kissed him full on the lips. Tongues met and danced with each other while she brushed the length of his shaft.

Before he could do anything about it, he felt her hand wrap around his dick to guide him into her, and as she shifted her body position, he knew she was about to try and take his length. She wiped the tip along the full length of her pussy to provide it with as much lube as possible and then started to slip it into her opening, lowering her body down using her bent knees as they straddled over his body.

Her small hole struggled to accommodate his width and her initial wriggle only succeeded in taking just the bulging end into her. He could feel how incredibly tight she was; her pussy lips gripped the top of his dick very firmly, forcing he foreskin down his shaft and exposing all of his sensitive purple skin to the warmth and wetness surrounding it.

Realising this wasn't going to work, she moved off him and lay next to him in the bed. His right arm came up around and cuddled her, his hand reaching to the back of her neck and stroking her long hair. His thumb gently touched the back of her neck and soon they were kissing, gentle passionate kisses.

Feeling her excitement, he slid his hand down her body, caressing her round bottom as he went. His hand looped round between her legs and slid a single finger into her incredibly juicy hole. She realised it was difficult for him to reach her and moved her body higher up his to give him easier access. He managed to remove the single finger and carefully replaced it with his slightly larger thumb. Thumb was soon replaced with two fingers and then after she was accustomed to this stretching, he started to gently rotate the fingers inside her, changing this action to a thrusting in and out as she became more and more wet.

Her eyes met his as she straddled his body again - this time his hand guided his dick to her opening. She was much, much wetter. She started to lower herself onto him, the first stroke being stopped when she felt she was too stretched. She held at that position for a few moments, before rising up to try for a second time.

He fingered her clit a little to make sure she remained moist and as she started her second descent, his left hand took one of hers and fingers intertwined as he whispered encouragement when he could see she was struggling to move further. His own dick was on fire, encased in her snug grip. By the third stroke, she was no longer struggling; she sank quickly onto his shaft until pelvic bones met. She did not rise again, choosing to grind her hips in a circle rather than thrusting up and down.

She leant forward, allowing her breasts to brush across his chest and her long hair to fall across his face. Grinning from ear to ear, they locked eyes, she started to rock her whole body back and forward while continuing to rotate her tight hole on his shaft. As she thrust back and forward, she found she was fighting for breath with the exertion and rising warmth that went through her and soon she was moaning and gasping for air.

He lay on his back, wishing he could contribute more to the whole proceedings. The sensations his body was going through were the best of his life - a throb emanated from his loins that slowly enveloped his whole body, driving his senses wild. 

As he lay watching her ride him, it all became too much and he came. She did the same shortly afterwards. Lying side by side they fell asleep in each other's arms.