 So this is what I remember....

We got into the hotel room. The Westin. I had only visited there once before, but never to sleep. The bed was a huge white cloud. I flopped on it, trying not to feel butterflies. Chad went to get ice for our drinks, and in the meantime, I busied myself with unpacking my toiletries in the bathroom. When Chad returned, I poured us both a drink and took mine into the bathroom. Setting my drink down on the counter, I looked into my tentative reflection in the mirror. Was I actually contemplating this? Could I go through with it? I shivered a little with hesitation, but a tremor of excitement shot through me as well. Oh well, I decided. It was now or never.

Slowly, savouring my first drink of the night and the feel of heady anticipation, I removed all body hair. First my legs: all the way up. Then under my arms. Then finally, my pussy. Almost hairless anyway, it only needed a little primping before it was smooth as silk. I ran a finger up my slit when I was through, savouring the softness and noticing the slight dampness already accumulating there. I showered quickly, and covered myself in lotion to make sure that every part of me was extra touchable. I slipped on my lacy black thong and matching bra, then twirled once in the mirror. Satisfied, I picked up my nearly empty glass and opened the bathroom door.

Our room was T-shaped. The door was at the bottom of the T, with a short hallway leading into the main room. On the left, taking up one entire side of the room, stood the cloud-bed. Directly in front was the picture window, giving us a view of... well, the roof, and some of Ottawa's taller downtown high rises (but who's kidding who here, we weren't there for the view). On the right, across from the bed, stood the TV, and the bathroom door was right beside it. I had to pass directly in front of the TV to refill my drink, but nowhere near close enough to the bed that he could touch me. I nonchalantly sauntered over to the table with our drinks, glass in hand. I snuck a look at Chad; exactly the reaction I had hoped for. His mouth agape, glass in hand, he was drinking me in from head to toe. I could almost see the thoughts taking shape in his head. I made a show of filling my drink, making sure to give him a good view from all angles, before I sauntered casually back into the bathroom to finish getting dressed.

When I emerged again, this time dressed in jeans and a white tee shirt, I headed to the bed like nothing had happened, and stretched out on my side, giving Chad an enticing view of the curve of my hips.

We talked, mostly about sex, but also about other unimportant things. I had been starting to feel like things were too contrived, like we were just there for the sex and that was it. There is no mystery to something like that, and I wanted to make it fun. I needed things to be more in my control; I work better that way, and taking control of the conversation seemed like a good first step. Before long, our glasses were getting low and I needed to pee. I was also ready for things to move along a little. So I got up, and facing Chad, began unzipping my pants. Halfway through a sentence, he stopped short, his expression of surprise quickly changing into one that can only be described as pure animal lust.

"I have to go to the bathroom," I said innocently, "so I thought I'd leave my pants here." Slowly, I inched my jeans down my thighs, then wriggled out of them completely. Leaving them crumpled on the floor, I pivoted, and without another word, walked into the bathroom. Even without looking back, I knew his eyes followed my ass the entire way. My thong was soaked. I loved the feeling of power I had over him already. Surveying myself in the mirror, I licked my lips. I'd fuck me, I thought to myself. All I was left wearing now was a sheer white v-neck tee, black bra and lace panties, the crotch of which was very wet and already clung to my pussy lips. My nipples were hard with anticipation. Round 2.

Stepping out of the washroom, I immediately walked over to the bed, bent at the waist, and leaned seductively against the bed. Looking Chad straight in the eye, I said, "Chad, why don't you fill our drinks? I'll wait here." If he hadn't got a good view of my ass and pussy before, he sure did then. I was fully exposed save for the scrap of material my thong provided, and even that wasn't helping much. I could feel the pulse in my clit as he circled behind me and devoured me with his eyes.

As he came back with our drinks, Chad let out a long wolf whistle. "Fuck, man," he said, shaking his head, his eyes never leaving my toned ass, "you sure are a sight to behold." With those words he came up behind me and pressed his now rock hard erection against my panty-covered pussy. I gasped as a surge of wetness unexpectedly flooded me.

"Now, hold on a second," I said teasingly, "how is this fair? I'm not wearing pants. I don't think you should be either."

With a grin and a mock salute, Chad shucked off his pants and shirt and hopped onto the bed. I decided it was time to take off my shirt as well. Slowly, deliberately, I reached for the hem, inch by inch dragging it up and off my body. I felt like I was on fire. My skin almost burned to the touch. Suddenly, without pretence, I needed to have his cock in my mouth.

"Hold this," I instructed, handing him my drink so that now both his hands were full. In one smooth motion, I extracted his dick from his boxers and engulfed it all in my mouth. Chad gasped, then quickly steadied himself as he remembered the drinks in his hands. I continued my ministrations for about ten more seconds, just enough to slake my desire, then I withdrew my mouth slowly, and licked my lips with satisfaction.

His cock was purple and engorged, straining upward and twitching, wanting more. In the dim light of the room it looked very intimidating, and much bigger than its healthy seven inches.

"You... little... cocktease!" Chad groaned as I grabbed back my drink and retook my place on the opposite side of the bed. I grinned. Chad was used to having his way. He didn't like being the one who was left hanging.

We continued to talk and tease each other. More drinks were poured, leaving both of us feeling the effects of the alcohol. I was buzzing, feeling very good and very sexy. I think he noticed.

With the last sip of my drink, I took a deep breath. It was actually going to happen – Chad was going to fuck me in a hotel room, just like he'd said. I was more than ready for him. The sheerness of my thong was enhanced by the slickness of my nearly hairless pussy. My nipples ached from being erect for so long, and my body was ablaze with raw sexuality.

The first time he kissed me, it was all over. Our lips touched softly and lingered for a moment. I could smell the scent of his shaving cream. My hand involuntarily reached up to caress his smooth face. A quality of raw masculinity surrounded him, but this close up I was able to see the softer, more vulnerable side of him. We pulled apart for a moment, eyes searching one another. Then, neither of us could stand it anymore. We kissed again, harder, more fiercely, then again. His tongue found mine and teased, weakening my knees. Our hands explored each other.

He was smooth everywhere. I couldn't stop touching his soft skin. Back, chest, arms, and abs – his muscles were taut and strong underneath. His hands caressed me with equal, if not more, fervour. We became lost in each other, in the sensations. Finally, I pulled back, gasping. Between us, Chad's cock pulsed with anticipation. I had to taste it again. Roughly, I pushed him back against the pillows. His face lit up.

"Oh, so you like it rougher, huh?" I teased. In another quick move, I seized his legs, yanking him down closer to me. He tensed, every muscle in his lean body springing to the ready in reaction to my forcefulness. I practically dove onto his member.

"Ohhhh," he moaned as my lips hit the base of his cock and the tip hit the back of my throat. I couldn't get enough. I licked around the head and up the slit. I sucked on the end. I lapped at it with my tongue, then wet my hands and used first one, then both to encircle his shaft. He was in ecstasy as I brought him close to the edge and backed off.

Finally I couldn't take it anymore. "I really need you to fuck me now," I said breathlessly. That was more than enough invitation for Chad, who immediately jumped up off the bed and grabbed a condom.

There's something about a man putting on a condom that is so sexy. I can't put my finger on why. Something about the way he handles his own member, expertly and roughly, and the way his hands shake with the anticipation of the pleasure to follow. While I was contemplating this, Chad had put one on, and was now crawling towards me on the giant bed.

There was no more pretence, no more teasing. We wanted each other, full stop. Chad unceremoniously stripped off my soaked thong, throwing it onto the heap of clothes accumulating beside the bed. My bra had come off awhile before, so I was now naked before him. Pausing only a moment to take in the sight of me, he put his cock at my entrance and slowly pushed into me. It was more than I could take. The moment he entered me my first orgasm of the night hit me like a tidal wave. His came soon after; the contractions of my pussy coupled with my screams and moans proving too much for him.

"Oh, fuck, Jen!" he screamed as he came, driving deeper and deeper with each wave of it. Spent, he collapsed on top of me. We caught our breath together; two sweaty bodies breathing heavily.

Three times, we fucked that night. I lost count of orgasms after twelve. The whole time, through the kisses, the grabbing, the moaning, teasing, fucking, screaming, I kept thinking, is this happening? I'm in a gorgeous hotel room with a guy whose sole purpose at the moment is to pleasure me with his rock hard, smooth, pulsing, very capable body. I could die happy.

Then he did something that could only be described as mind-blowing.

I was on my back, breathing hard after our second go-round. My hair was mussed and askew, my cheeks flushed, my body aglow with the after-effects of my millionth orgasm of the night. Chad leaned across my bent knees from the spot he was sitting at my feet, and pushed aside a lock of my hair that had fallen in front of my eyes. This is real, I thought. Not only has this night been amazing, but this guy is amazing too. I needed this, this sex with no strings attached, but now I see that I can trust this guy. He's not just someone random.

These thoughts prompted me to do something I never thought I'd do. We had even talked about it previously, because it's such an issue with me. I'm not a big fan of having my pussy licked. It's not like I've had bad experiences, exactly, it's just that I'm very self-conscious when it comes to that. I'm always afraid I'll taste bad, or forget to shave, or something. I really have to trust someone before I let him do it to me, and even then, it is not a common occurrence. But something about the way he touched me then made me feel bold. He pulled his hand back from my face, and kissed the top of my bent knee. I responded by parting my knees slightly, just enough that he looked up at me questioningly. I gave him a noncommittal look. Let him take it to the next step, I thought, and we'll see what happens.

Chad kissed my knee again. This time, his hand caressed the smooth inside of my knee, causing me to involuntarily part my legs a little more. He continued to move his hand south, his eyes never leaving mine, as if to reassure me that it was ok, that I could still back out if I wanted.

Suddenly I was aware that my legs were open wide, my pussy fully exposed. Chad's eyes finally left mine and looked down, getting a close-up view of my pink folds. He breathed in my scent and closed his eyes. My legs started to shake – I couldn't believe I was about to let him do what he was about to do. I closed my eyes. I felt like I lay there for an eternity before I finally felt the delicious warmth of his tongue on me. Softly, gently, it explored me, demanding nothing but enabling me to surrender completely to the sensations it was providing me.

He expertly licked, sucked, and fondled me into heights of ecstasy I have never before or since reached. Soon I was moaning and arching my back, biting my lip and trying to resist exploding right then and there. My pussy was on fire. My whole body pulsated and ached for release. He built and built, putting just enough pressure and attention on my clit before backing off, that I was grabbing at the sheets and pleading with him not to stop before long. And just when I thought I was unable to feel anymore pleasure, he inserted a finger in me and began gently making a come-hither motion inside my pussy. It was too much. I think I actually blacked out there for a minute, because when I came to, all I felt was wonderful waves of sensation abating, and Chad was lying beside me, a slightly concerned look on his face.

I looked up at him and smiled sleepily. "Wow," was all I could think of to say. He smiled back. Rolling over to my side, I curled up in a ball, my back to him. I had never before been so relaxed, so content, so totally sexed out. He fit his body around mine, wrapping an arm around me and nuzzling my neck. With his strong body protecting mine, I felt like the luckiest woman in the world. I closed my eyes and let sleep come over me.