 On a small mesa, in the farmlands of Kansas, Whirling-Spirit-Mists-Sacred-Fire-Bearer sits... unlike so many of his Tribe at the Caern, he does not wear deerskin and "traditional" garb everywhere... only when he plans on a ceremony... which, apparently, he does, for his jeans and flannel shirt ore folded to the side, and he is in garb very strongly reminiscent of that of the Obiwa Sioux before the White man came... at his side is a heavy warspear, and a Tomahawk. A small fire burns before him, from no noticeable source, and, arrayed in front of him are small bowls of organic paints, with a bowl of something else between him and them.

In the thick camouflaging foliage of the skirting woodlands a slender figure moves quietly, the deerskin flanking her form is patterned in red handprints from blood.. could be a painting as a decoration or merely she used her dress like a cloth when killing prey and simply wiped her hands off onto it.. dark eyes like a doe slowly gaze around, alert of the surroundings, keeping watch, whilst she moves along with what might seem a little more than ancient, a javelin made from thick sturdy wood and the spearhead out of sharp bone.

His deep voice in tones.. quietly.. carrying.. slowly.. left to right.. he picks up the bowls of paint.. each one seems to glow faintly as he touched it, as though he Awakens the herbs in each, and applies it to his face, in a paint-mask resembling an owl.. if an owl ever were painted in the psychedelic manner this one seems to be.. with each stroke of paint, the un-fueled Flame burns brighter.. hotter.. yet no sweat beads on him, and no hint of fear frolls from him. When done, picking up the spear.. a long spear, good solid hardwood handle and a flint tip, crafted entirely by hand and bound with Bison gut, with 4 feathers affixed.. he began to etch a pattern into the ground.

Raven paused slow on the path in the woodlands, tilting faint her head to the direction of what.. a chant.. reaching her ears.. curious as she is, she heads in that direction.. ever aware of the forest speaking in hushed whisperings about her, slowly coming into view.. of the stranger.. with the stranger glowering items.

Focused he moved.. quick, sure steps.. scratching.. a circle of power. The Spirits seem to come to his call.. easily and a great many Ancestors are already gathered about him. Without looking up, he spoke, in a deep voice, "Sitting Bull told me of your coming.. Crazy Horse feels I should make you leave.. but Bear says stay.. sit.. watch.. learn and join.." She didn't seem the least surprised.. nodding slight despite the fact he wouldn't notice the slight move. Treading her way with the agileness of a deer. Raven quietly kneeled outside the circle.. opposite the stranger, keeping her intent gaze on him whilst she laid down the javelin on the ground, speaking quiet of Sioux tongue, "Greetings.. Brother of the Spirits.. and greetings.. Spirits of our Ancestors..," lowly bowing her head in respect.

He smiled softly.. the circle finishes near her and he sits, laying the spear down and took up the final bowl, "Bringers of the Sacred Flame, welcome.. as promised, so shall I abide by our bargain..," he spoke as he lowered his head, while simultaneously lifting the bowl. The fire roars now, climbing so very high, then a single flame steps off the pillar and floats down onto the liquid.. as it hits, the surface of the bowl erupts into flame and the pillar of fire fades out.

He turns to Raven offering the bowl, "Trust, and you shall not be harmed.. Drink, and you shall be blessed..." Slow Raven took the offered bowl in both her tattoed marked hands.. cupping it as she slowly lifted the rim of it to her lips, taking a drink whilst never ceasing to watch him, a gesture of respect.. reaching out the shared bowl back to him. Whirling smiled.. the flames dance around her hands.. caressing.. nuzzling.. his hands brush hers, only heightening the sensation, as the oh-so slight peyote infusion starts to work it's way through her veins. He downs the rest.. still locking eyes with her, savoring the slightly heightened perceptions.

A slight sweat forms pearly beads on her brow, but she never faultered the lock of his gaze with hers, feeling warm inside as the drug takes effect. With a smile, he set the bowl down on the ground, eyes looking over her appraisingly, "Welcome, Daughter of the Earth.. I am Whirling-Spirit-Mists-Sacred-Flame-Bearer, Voice of Sitting Bull, Guided by Crazy Horse, Fostern Angalkuq of Great Wendigo." Slow she nodded in return, "Thank you.. I am Raven WindRunner.. Daughter of Running Wolf, Great Elks Camp, Kin of the Wendigo.."

Smiling he spoke to her, "And a beautiful daughter, no less.. Sitting Bull spoke of your coming.. though he said not why...," his eyes.. seem to weigh her.. taking in every last bit of the young woman in front of him. Slight she moisted her lips, "Sitting Bull is.. wise.. not all secrets can be.. foretold but must be .. sought out.." Paying a nod in response he gave her a faint smile, "This is truth..," reaching out a hand he soft caressed her face, "Might I ask why you have come?" A faint smile formed on her face, "Did Sitting Bull tell Brother to ask and not seek further as to why.. he lead Raven to.. your circle?," was her simple answer.

A smile formed once more in his face, "Often.. one must ask.. to find out..," leaning in he kissed her.. slow.. deep and passionate, senses reeling with the surge of fiery heat that the Peyote enchances to an inferno. She did not pull away, only responding in return with the equality of desire the peyote invokes. His arms slip around her, slowly, pulling her to him, hands roaming softly. He seems rather unsure of himself.. either he's never held a woman, or it's been avery long time.

His venturing hands catch on the few simple 'easy' knots of her deerskin tunic.. the garment slipping from her shoulders.. revealing bare native tanned flesh to him.. she doesn't seem to notice.. the spirits had chosen him for her.. that much she knew. Guiding slow her own hands delicately over his form whilst delivering in return a sweet flavoured kiss. Smiling softly, he took the kiss. Lips softly pull from hers, moving down.. along her shoulders.. lips fiery hot with pent up frustration.. teeth brushing oh so faintly over her bared skin, as his hands softly stroke her bare skin, a tingle almost as of a light fire-warmth following his caress.

Raven followed the soft caresses with her mind, allowing her body to mingle with the sensations his touch gave her, sending a quivering ripple through her, almost like the hot summers day breeze. His lips.. tender.. passionate.. brush along her shoulders. Mind reveling in the glory of that which SittingBull has brought.. skin seeming to pulse with warmth.. The owl-mask paint swirling, faintly with peyote-ease.. brushing off.. softly.. as he kisses her body.. slowly working down.

She had risen to her kness when he leaned forward to embrace her with the kiss of the peyote father.. now quivering at his mercy at the pleasures the spirits had lead her to.. laying hands on his shoulders as dark eyes of the doe slowly closed to finger her mind on the touch, her flesh creeping with each brush of his lips. He draws her against him.. feeling her scent.. grasping her appearance.. smelling the taste of her.. with all the passion that coils in the heart of every Garou.. His hands slide slowly down over her back.. her butt.. to her thighs.. stroking softly. Lips moving to her neck, kissing softer than the lightest breeze, and more heatedly then the deepest inferno.

The clothes slide to the ground around them, leaving her naked as the day she was born to the chosen one the spirits brought her.. hands of her own finding their own will, stroking firm yet delicate in under his restricting clothings, smoothing across his own tanned flesh, seeking hungrily the growing sparkle of fire between them. Shivering from her touch, as if a chill wind of prediction rolls across him, and the kiss heats, as if the fires of the Sun fuels his passion, his hands gently guiding hers to the fastenings of his clothes, then sliding back over her arms, hands softly lighting fires of passionate yearning along the swell of her breasts.

Her firm ripe breasts shivered under his soft caress whilst she suffered a small delicate moan of a pleasured gasp in the savouring kiss. Fingers working at the buttons and all.. gently tugging, sliding back his shirt over his sunkissed shoulders, pushing it down along his back before her aroused nipples brushed against the torso of his exposed chest. He shivered with a slow smile, pulling her softly against him, relishing her scent. Soft skin.. the feel of her warmth against him.. his lips softly brush her ear.. whispering heatedly, "You are here.. for me.."

There was no need to respond, he already found the answer as to why she had come, soft tender lips of her own delicately nibbled along the fine curve of his ear, her warm breath tickling slight it's way into his ear cavity.. whilst hands seeked and explored his backside, gently tugging, enticing him to feel.. alive. Constantly shivering, he smiled. A sound.. of an almost feral growl emits from the depths of his throat, as her hands slide along him, inciting fires of her own. Slowly, heavily aroused, both by heady Spirit-Sight drink, and the tender application of her touch, he pushed her back down to the firmness of the ground. Fingers tracing softly along her tanned belly.. smooth as a river rock.. to her thighs caressing them. Teasing her with a soft passion bordering on heated lust.. lips quivering faintly as her lips meet his ear.

As if her hips had a mind of their own they slowly shifted upwards lifting her backside from the ground to welcome his flickering touch along her thighs, lashing out her tongue which she curled inside his ear, tasting of the chosen one, her man to be.. welcoming him together with the spirits watching over them. As if indecisive.. his hands flit softly along the edge of her sex.. then, slowly they slide away up.. along her body.. wondering at such amazing beauty sent to him.. he, who no one cares about, for his speaking to the ancestors.. he offers a silent thanks to the Great Ones Before, and places a long, deep kiss on her lips.. softly nipping.

Her body arched yearningly under his, brushing hard nubs of nipples against his naked chest, heands roaming upwards his back to the nape of his neck, one hand cupping his face whilst savouring him passionately. He shivers.. wanting her.. more.. one hand carefully holds him up, his tongue softly caressing hers, back alternately tensing and relaxing, under her hand, his other hand slowly removes the soft brown doeskin pants he wears.. and pushes them off.

Like the minnow in the stream she writhes and dances under his body.. needing his touch upon her fired flesh, heated from the intoxication of the peyote and the desire that dwelled up inside.. her tongue snaking with his, entwining coaxingly, murmuring silent. Softly.. as one might enter, say, the soft down quilt, he slides into her, gently pushing deeper.. taking all she offers to him, "mmm..." murmuring, his lips press against her neck, gently.

Raven moaned quiet upon the sacred act of penetration.. quivering as the snake slide it's way along honeylined walls of her cave.. soon he finds the hymen unbroken. Softly he pushed.. a gentle breeze against a wall of soft, gentle flesh, growing in insistence until, finally, the wall yields, and he shuddered gently, consumating the Spirits Gifting. With a gentle feeling growing deep within.. swelling forth, in a hint of something.. as a new spring breeze brings promise of laughter and tenderness to come, gently gliding along walls softly slickened by a warm dampness.

Only for a fleeting moment did she tense, the soft tear within.. his claiming for her to be his.. thanking the spirits for the guidance.. before slowly motioning like the soft rippling wave on the lake that laps the shoreline underneath him, hands roaming still the tanned flesh of his shoulders. Shivering Whirling softly gasped as she moved.. as the barrier gently broke.. realizing.. WHY he was to be here.. his night.. not to appease the spirits.. but for a soul-mate. His hands softly pulled her against him.. a blanket, to tenderly cover her.. to warm her... give her comfort.

In return Raven slipped firm her arms around his shoulders, welcoming him close to her warmth whilst shivering in pleasure underneath, the quiet moan on the breeze emitting her pursed lips. He smiled.. softly changing from a desire to take her.. bed her..and have her a plaything.. to making soft love to one given him by the ancestors. His touch very gentle.. very caring.. almost loving. Lips press softly to hers.. shivering, eyes closed.. feeling her warmth around him.. he moans a soft sound.. desiring.

Slow she matched the wave of a movement together with him, seeking lips to his, ever tasting, ever savouring, whilst finger stretch over into the low dale of his back whilst he motions.. her breathing a whispering upon the breeze, heated like the summer. Moaning softly.. he smoothly moved with her. His body guided by hands unseen.. crying out softly, aroused to greater desire by her.. feeling his passion grow, his lips press, softly, along her neck.

The sensation more wonderous than she thought it ever would be, him urging her on, arching to a writhe underneath, moaning quiet.. small gasps, her thighs rubbing outside his, slowly wandering their way around his waist, feeling him enter more deeply.

He shivered a smile, softly, hands sliding along her arms, to clasp her hands.. gently placing them above her head, clasped softly. The flame picks up where it was.. growing, with each passionate thrust. His desire.. love.. need and yearning for her growing. His lips.. like a gentle breeze hover next to her ear gently, his tongue flicks out.. teasing the lobe. Doe-like eyes halfly watch him from under dark lashes, drifting in mindreeling sensations. Her tongue seeking outwards licking of the air between them created, tasting the desire on the breeze whilst she moved with him, hungrily.

Constant he felt the shiverings. His teeth lightly nip her tongue.. sucking softly.. shuddering, as his body cries out for release. Face-paint running.. slowly onto her.. covering her in a swirling pattern.. hypnotic. Slight she jerked underneath, gasping shorter breathings, lips seeking upwards lifting head from the ground, burning desire deep within for this one, her man.. inner muscles tightening, newer sensations washing over with the wave of pleasure.

Shuddering he gasped.. as she clenched upon him. Thrusting slowly.. feeling her soft desire.. his rising up to meet hers. Soft gasps, and shudders, as his hands softly clench, tangled with hers.. a budding love growing within him. Her fingers entwined willingly with his, never wanting to .. let go.. slowly gyrating up hips to meet pelvic thrusts.. gasping low small moans of desire and love.

His breathing.. is.. fluttering.. a gentle desire, as he works to fulfill her as well as she fulfills him, murmuring quiet, "mm...raven... my love... lovely.. raven..." She quivers like the leaf on an autumn twig, trembling from the warmth an' desire between them, moaning quiet his name under closed eyes.

Whirling shuddered, gasping softly, moaning as her silken skin brushed against him, suddenly finding release quite imminent. She shared the moment quivering into small shudders, her body firmly hugging his member withinside. Gasping, as the spirits urge him, he moaned soft, lifting her with his thrusts, as he shuddered to a halt, a blessed release rolling over him. Collapsing at her side, he slipped his arms around her, "mmm..."

The warmest of all smiles slowly formed on her face, snuggling into his arms, murmuring soft whilst he smiled.. suddenly realizing.. fully.. she IS his life mate. Kissing her softly, holding her close, "Oh.. my raven...."

Whispering soft his name, Raven brushed up tender lips along the side of his face, doe-like eyes watching. He smiled.. a tender light of love.. budding, and new-born as the spring thaw, "Thanks to the Ancestors..." Slight she nodded, content with the one the spirits had chosen and given her, she would be his and he in return hers.. cuddling closer into his warmth escaping the night's coolness.

Gently he held her tight to himself, speaking soft in sioux, "Raven is no name for you.. your beauty is beyond even the stars in the night sky..." The slight hint of a blush crept in her face, "Raven was my given name for the totem that watched over mother.. when giving birth to me.." Smiling in return, ".. and great is Brother Raven for guiding you into this world.. I would not change your name, even if I had that right..."

Soft she whispered back the tongue of Sioux, "Do I call my man.. Whirling.. or does he have.. a lesser complicated name?" He smiled, "I am called among men, James Howling Wind." Slow she nodded, wondering slight at the wasichu name, but said nothing, content on being with him in his arms.

Smiling he nuzzled her softly, "Mmm.. my soul mate... my wife you be also.. you are so gentle.. so quiet..." Musing a coy smile Raven whispered delicate in return, "Only quiet when with Whirling-Spirit.. only gentle when in his warm embrace.."

Whirling-Spirit smiled with a slight nod, "Then I am blessed..," kissing her softly, "to have such a tender love..." "Mmm.. blessed to a woman, to a lover and mother of children to be..," she laughed soft, ".. and a companion for life, hunts and .. other things.." she quietly told him receiving a lingering smile in return from him, "Wonderful... wonderful things all..."