 Clark woke up to his phone buzzing. It was 7:36am and his phone showed a new text from Luke.

"Hey bud, I got called into work this morning, I'll probably be gone for most of the day but I'll give you a heads up when I'm on my way home. Help yourself to anything in the house and don't let Savannah talk you into doing chores for her" Clark put his phone down after reading the text and rolled over and tried to go back to sleep. He normally puts his phone into airplane mode so he can get quality sleep but must have forgotten with the events of the previous night. He reminisced about Savannah's tight pussy and immediately his cock began to stir. He thought of how it tasted and could almost taste her in his mouth again; his cock was fully erect at the thought. Clark knew at this point he was awake and his mind began to wonder. He stretched his muscles to fully wake up when his mind developed an idea. He moved out of bed, went to his clean up kit, grabbed another condom and walked out of the room.

Clark did his best to be quiet as he moved from his room to Savannah's as he was hoping to surprise her with a morning fuck. He knew she slept late and was unsure if she would be up for some early morning fun but he'd rather try and get denied then not try at all.

Clark was able to get his door open silently but the floorboards in the hallway groaned under his heavy feet and moving slowly only seemed to make the noise that much louder. He paused outside Savannah's door to see if he could hear her stirring; nothing. He reached for the door handle and slowly opened the door. The door make a snap sound as it broke free of the frame and the hinges groaned and Clark was sure that Savannah had at least been alerted to the early morning intruder. Clark peaked through the small opening and could see Savannah silently laying in her bed. Either she was still asleep and unaware of Clark or she knew he was there and wanted to see how this played out. Clark opened the door enough to slip in and took a step into the room. He slowly moved towards the bed and he could have sworn he saw a smirk on her face as he moved closer but the sun was still rising and it was hard to tell in the low light. Clark bent over and kissed her on the lips and she stirred slightly.

"Too early. Go back to bed" Clark took that as an invitation to get into Savannah's bed, he put the condom on her bedside table and lifted up the blankets. He tried not to let his cold body touch her as he got into her bed but it was small and she was laying in the middle of it. Savannah rolled over so that her ass was facing Clark and he caught a glimpse of her back and noticed she wasn't wearing a bra. He moved in close and spooned her and used her body heat to warm up under the blanket. Savannah got comfortable and tried to fall back asleep but Clark's erection was now pressing into her ass and she was doing her best to ignore it and get back to sleep.

Clark laid still for a while enjoying the closeness to Savannah but his erection was still there with no sign of going away without some sort of intervention. He waited until he could tell his hand was warm before taking it and moving it to Savannah's chest. He grabbed her breasts and immediately went for the nipple while simultaneously grinding his hips into Savannah's ass. She couldn't ignore what was going on at this point and was torn between encouraging him and kicking him out of her bed. It was still dark and she was still satisfied from last night and took her sleep very seriously.

Clark in an attempt to see if Savannah was interested in going further moved his hand down to her panties and ran a finger between her lips. She was wet already and the sensation of his finger on her clit caused her to reflexively grind her ass on Clark's cock. Clark took this as an invitation to go further and began kissing her exposed neck and left his hand between her legs, playing with her clit. Savannah wasn't quite ready to wake up but was enjoying his hand between her legs and his kisses were sending shivers all over her body.

Clark moved his hand out from between Savannah's legs and hooked his fingers into her panties and pulled them down. Savannah reacted by lifting up her hips to let him and Clark knew that he was going to get what he wanted. After getting her panties down to her mid thigh he took his free hand and did the same with his boxers. He paused and thought about how good she must feel without a condom on but put their safety over his own pleasure and rolled over and grabbed the condom. He used his teeth to tear open the package and awkwardly placed the condom on his cock. He rolled it down his shaft and got back in position behind Savannah and guided himself in. She felt even better this morning than she did last night, Clark wasn't sure if it was the closeness of the position or if that he could enjoy her without worrying about making too much noise but at this point he didn't care.

They both enjoyed the slow morning fuck and Clark used his free hand to move between grabbing Savannah's breasts and nipples to playing with her clit. Savannah was moaning as Clark moved himself in an out of her wet pussy and was enjoying how he felt inside of her. His cock had this ability to hit all the right places inside her and she forgot about being woken up early by her new lover.

Clark began to increase the pace and force of his thrusts in an attempt to get them both to orgasm. Savannah's moans got louder signalling her encouragement of Clark's actions. The harder and faster Clark thrusts got, the louder her moans got. The sound of Savannah's pleasure was driving Clark to cum faster than he thought he would.

"I'm going to cum" he said as he moved his hand to cup her breast and moaned into her ear. His thrusts continued until she could feel his cock throbbing inside her as he came into the condom. When he was done he pulled out and dealt with the condom and completely removed his boxers before returning to spoon Savannah.

"What do you want to do about these?" Clark asked as he pulled on her panties. She silently slid them off and then got her self comfortable against Clark's body. They spooned and enjoyed the feeling of skin against skin as they slowly came down from the early morning sex. Clark wanted to take advantage of the empty house but didn't want to push his luck until after Savannah had gotten a solid amount of sleep. He pulled her in close and closed his eyes as they drifted back to sleep.