 Jodie paced nervously in her townhouse, checking the window often for signs of the red Ford that would bring her favorite man home from his business trip. As soon as she saw his truck come around the corner and up the street, she dashed down the stairs to greet him.

Walter had gone on business trips before, even longer ones but somehow, this time, she had really missed him and wanted to show him just how much she'd missed him.

When he came to the door, it was already open. Jodie waved him in and, after closing and locking the door behind them, she quickly put her hands around his neck and kissed him. They kissed for a few minutes and then came up for air.

"I missed you."

"I see that."

"I mean I really missed you..." Jodie said as she gently pushed him towards the stairs.

"I was only gone five days."

"I know. But for some reason, I really, really missed you."

Catching a glimpse of how much she'd missed him, Walter asked "Just how much did you miss me?"

Pushing him gently all the way to the stairs, Jodie gave him a simple command "Sit".

"Here? In the stairs?"

"Just sit."

Finally, Walter sat on the third step and Jodie pushed him back against the wall. Leaning in, she kissed him and with her free hand, she started undoing his pants.

"I can wait until we get to the bed you know."

"I know. I just want you. Now."

Jodie knelt on the bottom step and parted his pants and reached in, pulling out his hardening cock. Without hesitation, she bent down and took him into her mouth, having her lips touch the base of his shaft quickly, knowing that when he was fully erect, she wouldn't be able to take him all in. She pulled back and plunged back down one last time while blood was still making its way to his member. As she started pulling back the second time, she moaned on his cock, the vibration teasing his cock even more.

With her hand, she grabbed the now erect cock and pumped it, licking and sucking the cock as if it were her first meal in months. Walter let his head fall back and moaned his appreciation.

He let her play with his cock for a few minutes but after five days of inactivity and with receiving this much attention, he knew he wouldn't last long. Soon, he grabbed her hair and guided her up and down his shaft at the pace that felt the best for him.

"Yeah big guy, show me how you want it," Jodie mumbled against his cock.

"I'm not going to last much longer Sweetie, if you want to move around, now would be the time." Walter managed between breaths.

Jodie shook her head. "This here is what I want. I'm hungry for you big guy, let me have it." 

And she licked and sucked even more vigorously on his hard cock, moaning against it, enjoying it. With her free hand, she reached for his sack, gently fondling it, knowing it would push him over the edge. Jodie felt him contract and tense up and then felt the spurts of hot come down her throat. She continued sucking him gently until he was done and she felt his hands relax on her head.

When she freed him from her greedy mouth, he pulled her up and kissed her and said "That was a nice welcome home!"

They took a few minutes to gather their wits and for Walter to do up his pants and then made their way up the stairs to the kitchen. They talked for a while, standing close and having their arms around each other. After a while, Jodie said "Should we make dinner?"

"Maybe."

Taking that as a yes, Jodie turned around and reached for containers on the counter. Walter was right behind her and put his arms around her and pulled her against him. 

"I won't be making much for us to eat if you keep doing that..." 

His hand cupped her mound through her jeans and he kissed her neck and then whispered

"Maybe like you, I should get dessert first..."

Walter used his other hand to turn her head to him and kissed her. He kissed her and rubbed her pussy through her pants for a few moments and then pulled away, pulling her with him. He turned her around and pushed her up against the table. 

"I definitely want to eat dessert now, before dinner."

"Oh you do, do you?"

Walter pulled on Jodie's pants and undid them, pushing her onto the table. He bent down and started kissing her trimmed pussy as he pulled the pants and undies to her knees. He pushed his tongue between her lips and teased the sensitive nub he found in there. He licked and sucked on her clit for a short time and then groaned:

"I can't wait Sweetie. I can't stop thinking about how you greeted me and I'm so hard it's painful. I have to have it in you. Now."

"No problem, big guy, I want it as bad as you do."

He stood up and pulled her off the table on which she'd been reclining. Then he turned her around and bent her down over the table and positioned himself behind her. Without warning, he plunged into her. Her sharp intake of air was very soon followed by an appreciative moan as she felt filled with his thick hard cock. Walter moved back and forth slowly for a few strokes but then reached under and started rubbing her clit.

"God Sweetie, I've never wanted you so bad as I do now. I want to just fuck you but that won't be any good for you."

"Don't worry love, I was so turned on before you even got here that it won't take much for me either. Just keep pounding me and rubbing me. Oh yeah, like that."

Walter grabbed her hip with his left hand while his right was busy rubbing her clit and making her tension mount.

"I want to feel your pussy contract around my cock. You are so tight!"

Jodie was beyond words as her breathing was growing ragged. She moaned and then managed to say "Don't stop, big guy, don't stop."

Walter did as he was told and kept rubbing while he pounded her pussy with his hard cock. Soon, he felt the first contraction of her pussy around his cock. Knowing her well, he slowed down the movement of his hand on her clit and pressed against it, sending her fully over the edge in a long drawn out groan. 

Feeling her pussy walls contract against his cock was all he needed and he groaned his own release. After emptying his load into her, he stilled against her until their breathing slowed.

"Wow, maybe I should go away more often."

"Maybe you should!" Jodie answered with a satisfied smile.