 I don't know why I was so horny that particular morning but I couldn't wait to have my pussy attended to. When I arrived at the office Walt was already in the Senior Management meeting. I looked his calendar over and he had two meetings, one at 10:00 AM and the second one at 11:00 AM. I saw who he was scheduled to meet with and I knew that they were not important so I rescheduled them for later in the day.

I worked at my desk as I waited for Walt to return from his early meeting. My pussy was wet and tingling in anticipation of his arrival. He finally returned just before 10:00 AM and I told him that I rescheduled his appointments because something important came up. I followed him into his office and closed the door behind me. He looked at me curiously and then asked.

"What's up? What's so important this morning?"

I walked over to his side of the desk and took his hand and placed it under my skirt. "Here, feel how hot my pussy is. I really need to get off this morning!"

Walt smiled at me and answered, "My you really are a horny little cunt aren't you? So you can't wait until we're at the Chateau tonight?"

Walt rubbed his hands over my pussy, thighs and ass and then he got up and locked his office door with the door brace. Knowing that we were secure I quickly took off my skirt and pulled off my panties. I stood by him naked from the waist down except for my thigh high hose and heels. Walt ran his hands all over my shapely ass and let his fingers dance over my pubes. He drove me crazy and I begged him to touch my pussy.

"Please play with my pussy, finger me please," I pleaded.

He continued to tease me for a little longer before he finally stuck his finger in my pussy. Walt was amazing as he could always find my g-spot within seconds. He fingered me with first one then two and finally three fingers on one hand. With the other hand he continued to caress my curvy ass and every once in a while he would tickle my nether hole.

I could feel my orgasm approaching and I placed one hand on his shoulder to balance myself. I used my other hand to cover my mouth to stifle the gasps and groans as my orgasm rocked my body. My whole body shook with the intensity of my climax and I felt shivers and tremors run through me. Walt kept right on working my pussy and clit with his knowledgeable fingers and I creamed all over them. I screamed into my arm and my knees buckled as I orgasmed seemingly for minutes. I thought that I might collapse so I grabbed Walt's shoulder tightly. He sensed that I had become weak kneed so he guided me over to one of his office chairs and eased me into it.

Walt then went to his desk and took out the lotion that he often used. He knelt before me and lifted my legs up onto his shoulders. Then he worked the lotion into my asshole and fingered me gently and slowly. He knew how sensitive my ass was and he knew that this would turn me on. I felt my body responding to his ministrations and I knew I would cum again. This time Walt covered my pussy with his mouth and worked my clit gently with his tongue and his teeth. All the while his finger wormed around in my rectum as he ate my pussy. It didn't long before I was thrashing around and squeezing his head between my legs as I had another intense orgasm. Walt drank every drop of juice from my cunt as my asshole tightened around his finger. Once again I had to muffle my cries of ecstasy as the orgasm jolted my body. 

I finally calmed down as Walt kissed my inner thighs and then gently removed my legs from his shoulders. I was drained for the moment and totally relaxed. Walt stood up and returned to his chair as I sat there with my glistening pussy on display.

"That was incredible, thank you!" I gasped.

"Always happy to help out a lady in need," he teased back and then asked, "So will that hold you until this evening?"

"It will definitely hold me until this evening," I sighed.

"Will Suzette be joining us tonight?" he asked.

"No she had a date again with the same guy. It seems that things are working out between them," I told him.

"Good, I'm happy for her. She's a nice girl and I'm glad that we had some time with her," he replied.

"I better get dressed and get to work," I said and then I put my panties and skirt back on.

I straightened my clothing and then asked, "Do you need anything now?"

"No I'm okay besides I am saving it for tonight," he replied with a smile.

I left the office went to the ladies room and then returned to work. I was so glad that Walt had taken care of my passionate needs and I was relaxed the rest of the day. By the time the work day was over I was ready for the Chateau. Walt said he would meet me there later and asked me to pick up the wine on my way there.

THE CHATEAU REVISITED

That night at the Chateau, Walt and I showered together. As I started to douche my pussy and my ass he stopped me. He decided that he wanted to do it for me so I taught him how to do it. It was really a turn on for both of us and we were extremely hot when we got out of the shower. The Jacuzzi had been running while we showered so we didn't bother to dry our bodies and we went right from the shower into the Jacuzzi tub. As always he caressed my body and fingered my pussy and ass. I in turn stroked his cock and played with it. I was hoping that Walt would rim me again as he did the last time knowing that my asshole was clean. He didn't disappoint me.

As I got turned on Walt moved me to the other side of the Jacuzzi and had me lean over the edge presenting my shapely ass to him. He told me that my ass always looked good particularly when it glistened with water and bath gel and it looked so sensual. Walt leaned over and licked my pussy from behind driving me wild. Then he tongued my sensitive ass as he swiped his tongue from my pussy up and over my asshole and back to my pussy. I gasped out loud when his tongue touched my asshole as I hoped it would. Walt really got into it and grasped both of my curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that he could get his tongue in deeper. He probed my pink aperture with his tongue as he inserted three fingers in my pussy. I started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick my asshole; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my ass, rim me, oh yessssss," I cried out and then, "I had so hoped that you would do that again!"

He grabbed the bottle of wine and poured some in the crack of my ass letting it trickle down over my anus and pussy just as he had done the last time. He placed his mouth on me and drank up the wine swabbing my pussy and my ass in the process. Walt repeated this several more times until I went into convulsions with my first orgasm of the evening. I collapsed back into his arms and he stroked my firm tits as I recovered from the intensity of my orgasm.

"God I had so hoped that you would do that again. I love it when you tongue me and then drink the wine from the crack in my bottom," I sighed as I melted in his arms.

"I knew that you wanted it when you douched your ass and pussy again. I loved what it does to you and I have never seen you so turned on," he told me and the added, "I love to drink wine that way now."

We decided to get out of the Jacuzzi before we turned into prunes. We dried off and flopped down on the water bed. I lay face down on the bed but Walt turned me over on my back.

"Time for a massage," he chuckled.

Walt poured the massage lotion in his hands and began rubbing it into my breasts and abs. Then he took one arm at a time and massaged it sliding his hand all the way from my wrist to my armpit. When he reached my armpit he couldn't resist tweaking my nipples that were standing at attention. He was working me into a renewed state of desire. Then he moved his hands back to my abs and worked his way down my legs to my ankles, purposely bypassing my pussy.

He lifted one leg at a time and massaged it from my ankle all the way to my thighs. He spent a lot of time massaging my thighs and he would let his hands brush against my vulva. I was going crazy with his patient foreplay and I knew that I would need to cum again very soon. He lowered both my legs to the mattress and ran his hands all the way up my legs to my pubes. Walt then played around my vulva and gently probed my pussy. All the while he remained as hard as a rock and his cock stood out from his body like a lance.

He fingered my pussy for awhile longer and then he parted my thighs. I was relieved that he was finally going to fuck me. His cock slid into my pussy with ease and he fucked me slowly. He was in no hurry to cum so he took his time and drove me insane. Then my dam burst again and I wrapped my legs around his torso and humped him for all that I was worth. My body went into spasms with yet another mind blowing orgasm. I don't know how long my body thrashed about but it seemed that I came for several minutes.

When I recovered, Walt smiled at me and said, "Time to do the other side."

He rolled me over on my stomach and sat on the back of my thighs. I could feel his erect cock bounce off my buttocks when he moved. He began massing my shoulders and back. It felt so good that I sank into a euphoric state and I felt that I could fall asleep. His hands moved from my lower back to my buttocks and he massaged each cheek of my ass. He didn't stay on my ass as long as I thought that he would and his hands traveled down the back of my thighs to my calves. Walt spent a lot of time massaging my thighs and calves before returning to my ass.

Once he returned to massing my ass he paid a lot of attention to it. He massaged both ass cheeks lovingly and then he let his finger slip into the crack in my ass. He teased me unmercifully and I longed to feel his cock in my ass. He lifted me by my hips so that my ass was in the air. I was on my knees with my head on the bed turned to one side. I watched him in the full length mirror on the wall as he played with my bottom. 

Walt then began to probe my asshole and lubricate it. He added a finger to my pussy from the same hand and he fingered my asshole and pussy at the same time. He was in no rush and he seemed to enjoy fingering me and caressing my ass. I was panting again with desire and I savored every moment that his fingers were in my holes. Then he moved and removed his fingers from my pussy and ass. I watched in the mirror as he lined up his cock with my asshole and slowly fed it to me. I loved the slow deliberate penetration as he buried his cock in my ass.

Walt reached around and played with my clit as he fucked my ass. My pussy and asshole were on fire as the big cock reached familiar areas in my body. I was on the brink of another huge orgasm as Walt methodically fucked me in my tight anus with his sizeable cock. I loved watching him in the mirror as his cock slid out of my shapely ass and then plunged back in as his hips slapped against my curvy ass cheeks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. My orgasm surged within me as he fucked my ass harder and faster. 

As I came and came, my entire body went into spasm. My pussy convulsed and clamped around Walt's fingers coating them with my cunt juice. My asshole pulsated as he drove his big cock in and out of it. My ass involuntarily squeezed and released his huge member as he fucked it causing him to finally lose it. He slid his pecker deep into my rectum as his cock spasmed and sent a thick stream of hot cum into my channel. Walt kept fucking me after his load was fired into my ass his cock kept twitching and throbbing inside my anus. He slowed his pace and eventually stopped allowing his cock to remain buried in my ass. He did not go soft right away and he gently moved his hips pushing cum around in my ass. Some of it trickled out and ran down over my pussy lips. 

I could not take any more fucking and I pleaded, "Please no more, I can't take any more, please stop."

Reluctantly Walt stopped and slowly withdrew his cock from my loosened asshole. I marveled at the sight of his enormous cock sliding out of my shapely ass as I watched us in the mirror. Cum flowed from my asshole and trickled down over my pussy and between my firm thighs. We stayed in the same position for awhile and he massaged my sensitive ass as I remained on my knees with my ass perched in the air. He pushed down lightly on my back causing me to accentuate my ass even more. He loved looking at it and playing with it as I cooed into the bed sheets. His cock remained hard and looked menacing around my ass. It was hard to believe that a cock that size had just fucked my beautiful tight ass but I loved it. Then he could not resist sticking one of his fingers in my asshole in a teasing gesture. I just wiggled my bottom slightly in delight and then I collapsed face down on the bed. I could hardly move and I knew that I could never cum again that night.

We lay in bed for several minutes before we hopped back in the Jacuzzi where we soaked for at least another half hour. Then we got out of the Jacuzzi and showered together. Walt could cum twice once in awhile and this was one of the times. He soaped up my body and fingered my ass before pushing his soapy cock into my soapy asshole. I faced the shower wall as he drilled my ass until he came a second time that night. I douched my ass again and then we finished our shower. We dressed and left the Chateau and headed for home. I felt as sated as I could possibly feel on the way home as it had been quite a day starting in his office and ending in the shower at the Chateau.

INSATIABLE CATHLEEN

We continued having sex in the office and occasionally visiting the Chateau. I loved getting fucked and sucking his cock and I just couldn't get enough of him. Terry was in a car wreck and the car was totaled although he wasn't injured. We were down to one car and I had to make transportation arrangements. Walt agreed to drive me home in the evening and even pick me up when he didn't have those early morning meetings. I accepted and told him that Terry could probably drop me off most mornings but I could not depend on him for a ride home. Terry was always out with his friends in the evening, drinking and using. I also suspected that he was banging that one chubby girl in the office.

The first evening Walt gave me a ride home we didn't leave the office until 6:30 PM since he was in meetings until then. It was already dark out when we got in the car to head to my house. I was in a devilish mood and I was horny since we hadn't had sex that day. Walt and I agreed that we didn't want to stop at the Chateau the nights he was driving me home. I got in the passenger seat and as soon as I was seated I lifted my skirt and pulled off my panties.

"In case you want something to play with on the way home," I giggled.

As Walt reached across the car seat I arched my back a little then spread my legs further apart, giving him access to my pussy. His fingers began slowly teasing my clitoris and then caressing the folds of my labia. His index finger pushed its way between the textured folds to pause over my sensitive bud and it caused an involuntary gasp to escape my lips as I felt the gentle touch. My legs jerked slightly to allow his hand easier admittance to my vagina as he pressed his hand between my trembling thighs and gently kneaded the soft flesh of my slippery vulva. Walt continued to wiggle his finger about inside my taut passageway before my groin started to clench and spasm sporadically. He could feel the warm fluid seeping from my aroused sex and he forced his hand harder against my cunt. I gave a muffled cry, clamping his hand between my legs against my pussy, as the orgasm slammed into me.

His arousal was clearly evident as the bulge at his pelvis was enormous with his dick straining at his trousers. As my orgasm subsided I couldn't resist reaching into his lap to squeeze the hardness beneath the fabric. I fondled his stiffened cock and then slowly traced the outline of my lips with my tongue. I reached for the zipper of his pants and tugged it downward, putting one hand inside the gap to retrieve his engorged organ. Then I slowly lowered my head to flick the top of his penis with my tongue. He released an involuntary sigh as I took in as much of his cock as I could and then returned to lick the head, lapping away at a trickle of pre cum. 

I continued sucking vigorously on the length of his shaft as his orgasm erupted. His hips jerked uncontrollably as he struggled to keep control of the car but I never released my grip. I swallowed all of his creamy discharge and when he eventually stopped cumming I pulled my head away. Some of his fluids dribbled down the side of my mouth but I quickly swiped it away with the back of my hand and licked it clean.

We pulled up in front of my house minutes after he came in my mouth. "I am really going to enjoy these rides home," I teased.

"As if I won't," he sighed.

The rides continued for a week and Walt would wait for me on aerobics night to drive me home. One night after aerobics, I got in the car still wearing my leotards. As we had done on prior nights I sucked his cock as we drove home. We seemed to get home quicker than normal so I told Walt to park the car across the street facing my house. As I was blowing him I pushed my leotards down to my knees baring my ass and pussy. Walt played with my ass and fingered my pussy as I sucked on his cock. 

I lifted my head up and said, "I wish you could fuck me in the ass tonight."

Walt asked her if I had any lotion and I dug it out of my purse. He reclined the passenger seat all the way until it was almost flat and had me lay face down. He prepared my ass with the lotion and his saliva. Walt pushed his trousers and under shorts down past his knees, lubed up his cock and got on top of me. It was tight quarters but he managed to get his cock into my ass and started banging me hard. I pushed up at him as hard as he pounded me. Soon we were both sweating and breathing hard. We made quite a sight if someone should happen to look in the car window but we were past caring about that as we raced toward our mutual orgasms. As soon as his spunk filled my ass my body went into spasm with my own orgasm. Walt lay on top of me keeping most of his weight off of me until we recovered. We cleaned up the best we could and then I got out of the car and went into the house. Walt then drove to his home.

One morning Walt did not have any meetings and he offered to pick me up at home. Terry had already left before Walt arrived so I decided to remain naked until Walt arrived at the house. He was surprised but not shocked to find me naked when I opened the door for him. He came in and I led him to the guest bedroom where he took off all his clothes.

We got in bed and Walt kissed his way from my lips to my jaw line and along my neck. He lightly kissed, licked and nibbled my neckline softly. Then he tongued my ear just enough to add stimulation. He then worked his way further down to my chest kissing me along the way. When he finally reached my breasts he gently squeezed them and rolled my nipples between his fingers. I felt so feminine, so exquisite and I longed for more of his touches and caresses.

He tortured me by neglecting my nipples as he went close and blew his warm breath over them exciting me and increasing my desire. I was on the edge and close to an orgasm just from his foreplay. I urgently craved the touch that would provide my much needed release. Walt brought me to the edge of desire and allowed me to linger there as he touched me. His one hand cupped my vulva and probed at the opening of my moist passage while he continued to tweak and tease my nipples. His wet warm mouth covered my other breast filling me with lust. My desire to cum increased. Walt had me to the point that I would orgasm if he touched my clit. I was overheated and my pussy was on fire. Just a touch would have ignited my flame and sent me crashing over the edge. 
