 I knew there was something different about him when I first saw him. Most guys that come looking for a girl like me would never get out of their car, they'd just roll down their window, ask me how much and depending on what they thought of the price they'd either drive away or ask me to get in.

Not William though. He pulled up, put his truck in park, stared at the steering wheel for a while as he talked to himself, then he got out and walked up to me. It was painfully obvious that he was a first timer and wasn't entirely sure he wanted to be there and usually I didn't like to bother with guys like that, but it was a slow night and my rent was due.

"Hey baby, are you looking for a date?" I asked.

"Yes...no...well...I don't know, I..." William said.

"Calm down sugar, it should be a pretty simple decision either you do or you don't and I haven't got all night so which is it?" I asked.

"I do, I'm pretty sure I do, it's just my wife..." William said nervously.

"Honey, if you're wife was taking care of things you wouldn't have come looking for me." I said.

"I'll have you know that my wife took care of things wonderfully for 12 years but she was taken from me by a drunk driver 9 months ago." William said firmly.

"Oh, I'm sorry sweetie, I didn't know, that's awful." I said.

"Thank you. So now it's been over nine months..." William said.

"It's been over nine months and out of respect for your wife you've been denying yourself the pleasures provided by a woman, but the urges have gotten to the point of almost driving you crazy." I said.

"Exactly; Julie and I used to make love four or five times per week and it's been difficult to go without. I've held out as long as I could, but now I need the release." William said.

He started crying, right there on the street where anyone could see it.

"Please calm down...what's your name sugar?" I asked. 

"William." William said.

"It's nice to meet you William, my name is Nicole. Let me ask you something William, do you think your wife would have wanted you to be happy without her?" I asked.

"Yes." William said.

"And do you think that having sex would ease your pain and make you feel better?" I asked.

"Yes, but how could I possibly do that to her?" William asked.

"Honey, I don't know what kind of wedding vows you took when you got married, but for most people there's a little line in there that says until death do we part. It's sad, but your wife is dead, which means that you have been freed from your vows. I think it's sweet that you have remained so loyal to her that you've denied yourself release, but you are not required by man or god to remain faithful to your wife after she has died. You said yourself that she'd want you to be happy, and I'd bet that she was the kind of woman that would feel really bad about the state you're in right now and would want to help. Am I right?" I asked.

William laughed.

"Yes, you are very right; if she saw me in a state like this she'd take me home and make love to me for hours." William said.

"Well, I'm not your wife, and I would never pretend to be, but since she's not here I'd be a willing stand in, if you're interested." I said.

"Yes, yes I'm interested. I've never really done this before so I don't really know how this kind of thing works or how much it costs." William said.

"That's okay; I'll help you through it. As far as the price goes that depends on how long you want me and what you want to do." I said.

"Well, I only know how to make love one way, the way I made love to my wife and that always took a couple of hours, then we always fell asleep in each others' arms. I suppose I wouldn't expect you to do that." William said.

"I don't know, I might have to, with nine months of sexual energy pent up a few hours with you might leave me too tired to do anything else but fall asleep in your arms. Now you seem like a pretty clean cut guy so I assume that things would be pretty normal, nothing too rough, no weird bondage type stuff?" I asked.

"Oh no, Julie and I never did anything like that, but I did make love to all three of her holes." William said.

"Okay oral and anal on top of the normal stuff, that's no problem. Well let's see, probably three hours given all of your pent up energy, the full works package, I think we could do this for $500." I said.

"That seems reasonable, where would we go?" William asked.

"Well, typically the man arranges the location, but I know some hotels nearby that won't ask questions." I said.

"No, I don't want to do this in some sleazy hotel room. My house is 5 blocks from here; I think we should go there." William said.

"Whatever you want, but first, and I hate to do this, but I need to see the cash." I said.

"Of course, forgive me, I'm new at this." William said.

He flashed the cash and we got in his truck and drove to his house. It was quite clear that William had been telling the truth about his wife having been dead for 9 months. The house was very nicely decorated, but there were pizza boxes, dishes, and beer bottles all over the place that were solid proof that William had been fending for himself for quite some time.

He led me upstairs and stopped at one door with his hand on the knob; then he backed away from that door and walked to a different room and entered. I followed him in and was impressed with the decor.

"This is a very beautiful room." I said.

"Thank you, it's the guest room, I don't think I could handle doing this in the bedroom that Julie and I shared." William said.

"Hey, no problem, this room is much nicer than any hotel room or the back seat of a car." I said.

For a few minutes there was silence as William just looked at me.

"Having second thoughts?" I asked.

"No, I just, don't know what to do." William said.

"Well you said you only know one way to make love so just do it. I won't know my part the way your wife did, but if you tell me what to do I'll do my best to do it." I said.

William slowly walked over to where I was standing, I must say that I was a little nervous because I wasn't sure what to expect.

Now most of the men I've been with have kissed me but it was usually forceful, almost angry, but when William kissed me, it was tender and loving as I would expect a man like him to kiss his wife.

He moved his hands behind me and unzipped my dress. He slipped it down off of my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. As his tongue continued to explore my mouth his hands began to explore my body. His touch was gentle and exciting, his fingers moved over my body so lightly that it tickled many places.

He ran his hands up my back and unclasped my bra and slipped it off without breaking our kiss. Once my bra was off he began moving his way down my neck towards my breasts, but he found this spot on my neck that I'd have let him stay at for 100 years, it felt incredible.

His mouth and his hands reached my bare breasts at the same time and both knew exactly what they were doing. William gently pulled one of my nipples between his lips and flicked at it with his tongue as his hands gently kneaded and massaged my breasts. The sensations were incredible. He showed both of my breasts equal attention then he gently laid me back on the bed.

He hooked his fingers into my panties and I lifted my ass high enough for him to easily pull them off. William kissed his way up my inner thighs before making any contact with my pussy. After the number he'd done on my breasts my pussy was hot and wet and I found that my entire body was quivering with anticipation of that first contact.

I was not disappointed as the first contact William made with my pussy was to run his tongue from the very bottom to the very top and then flick at my clit a few times before gently wrapping his lips around it.

For the next half an hour William's lips, tongue, and several of his fingers conspired together to drive me up the wall. He would bring me ever so close to orgasm, but then he'd back off and start again. I needed to cum badly and just as I was about to beg him to make me cum he took me over the edge.

William prolonged the duration of my orgasm by continuing to flick my clit with his tongue as the pure pleasure of the orgasm swept through my body. I lay there for a minute reveling in the pleasure that I had just experienced when I looked up and saw William standing over me.

I immediately wanted to repay him in kind for the pleasure that he'd given me so I stood up and kissed him tasting myself on his lips as I began unbuttoning his shirt. He didn't stop me so it must have been close to what his wife had done. I pulled his shirt off and undid his belt without breaking our kiss.

William gently pushed me down as I began opening his pants. I sat on the edge of the bed, opened his pants, and pulled them as well as his underwear down.

What a surprise I found in William's pants. His cock was already fully erect and it had to be 9 inches long. It was also super thick and had a huge head on it. I couldn't help myself; I grabbed it at the base with both hands and began flicking my tongue over the head.

William moaned with pleasure as my lips opened to engulf the head of his cock. I swirled my tongue all around the head, then pulled it back out of my mouth. I lifted William's cock up so that I could get my tongue all the way to the base and then licked all the way up to the tip, gave it a little kiss right on the end, then proceeded to work my way around until I had licked all the way around it.

It was now glistening with saliva as I again took the head into my mouth and began to bob my mouth up and down on the first few inches as I stroked the length of the shaft with both of my hands.

William had used a full half hour to give me pleasure, I did my very best to equal him, but after about 20 minutes, I took him that one step too far and I could feel him tense up. I knew what was coming so I held the head of his cock in my mouth and jerked him over the edge.

So much cum shot into my mouth that I had to swallow twice before he finished shooting. When he finally finished I swallowed what was in my mouth, worked that last bit of cum from the base of his cock to the tip, licked it up, then I licked my lips and stood up.

"I hope that was close enough to how your wife used to do it." I said.

"That was closer than you would ever believe; she even used to get that last drop out too." William said.

"So what's next?" I asked.

William didn't say anything; he merely put me up on the bed, lay me back, crawled over me, and eased his still hard cock into me.

When you have sex for a living you experience the whole spectrum of cock types from the short fat ones to the long skinny ones and everything in between. I'm sure I've had longer cocks and I'm sure I've had thicker cocks, but William's combination of length and girth was amazing, it felt so wonderful just to have him inside me.

William started off slowly making long slow strokes using the full length of his cock, it felt really good; but it was nothing compared to the way it felt when he picked up the pace. Oh man, I can't even describe what it felt like when he really got going, but I know that I had three orgasms in five minutes as he mad love to me.

When William finally reached his own climax I had a fourth orgasm as his cum pumped into me.

"That was incredible; I've never had that many orgasms so close together." I said.

"I must be out of practice; Julie usually had six or seven." William said.

"I can tell that you're still hard, what's next?" I asked.

"We'd usually rest like this for a few minutes and then jump right into a 69." William said.

"Should I go wash myself out?" I asked.

"No, Julie and I had a deal, she'd only eat my cum if I was willing to do the same." William said.

William rolled over beside me and I moved around so that my pussy was lowered onto his face and I could easily get his cock into my mouth. 

Even with all of the strange sexual things that I'd done not once had a man gone down on me after he'd cum inside me so there was an extra thrill on top of the pleasure that William's tongue was giving me as he licked and sucked my pussy.

After about twenty minutes we both got our mouths filled with cum as William reached climax and pumped more cum into my mouth and my orgasm caused my pussy to contract and force more of the cum he'd shot into me back out and into his waiting mouth.

I moved off of William, crawled up and gave him a kiss, we both licked little bits of his cum from our lips.

"So what would you and Julie do now?" I asked.

"At this point she'd climb up on me, lower herself down onto my cock, and go to town." William said.

"Amazing, that's what I was thinking of doing." I said.

I lowered myself down onto William's cock and because of the angle at which it was entering me and having all the weight of my body pushing down on it his cock felt even bigger than it had been before.

I went to work riding his cock for all I was worth. I started off bouncing straight up and down on it; then I rocked on it for awhile. I leaned forward and William came up and sucked on my nipples for a while then I leaned back and really drove my pussy down on his cock. For over half an hour I was too busy trying to make him cum to even think about my own approaching orgasm, but when it hit me I was rewarded with another hot shot of cum as William and I climaxed together.

I collapsed breathless onto his chest, I could hear his heart beating and I could still feel his cock inside me.

"So what's next?" I asked.

"We always finished with anal because after that she didn't want me in her mouth or pussy again." William said.

"If you want to do anything else first I'm game, or would you rather stick to the way you and Julie did it?" I asked.

"Well I don't know about you, but I'm getting a little tired, the sexual energy is still there, but the physical energy is just about gone so I think we should do the anal and call it a night." William said.

"Whatever you want." I said.

I got on my hands and knees and soon I could feel the pressure of William's cock against my asshole. His cock was very well lubed with a mixture of spit and cum so there wasn't any need for more so William eased his cock into me and started pumping his cock in and out of my ass. I reached down to play with my clit as he was working on my ass. I brought myself along trying to have my orgasm at the same time that William emptied his balls into my ass.

We climaxed together and William flopped over onto my back for a minute and held me. He then pulled his cock out of my ass, climbed off the bed and walked into the bathroom. I heard the shower turn on. I realized that I needed a shower too so I walked into the bathroom and stepped into the shower with William.

"Julie didn't let you shower alone after an experience like that did she?" I asked.

"Most of the time she beat me to the shower." William said.

The warm water felt great as we washed each other. My legs were getting pretty weak at that point as all my strength was gone. William held me up when I almost slipped in the shower, then he dried me off, carried me back into the bedroom, he pulled the covers off of the bed, placed me in the bed, found a clean, dry top sheet put it over my naked body, then slipped into bed beside me.

The last thing I remember before falling asleep that night was thinking to myself that Julie had been a very lucky woman.

When I woke up the next morning I could feel the warmth of William's body against my back and his arm was wrapped around my middle, it felt so warm and safe that I almost forgot what I did for a living.

I really had to go to the bathroom so I gently moved William's arm and got out of bed. As I was using the bathroom I thought about what had happened last night and made a decision. 

When I came out of the bathroom William was still sound asleep so I quietly gathered up my clothes, slipped out into the hallway, got dressed, then quietly made my way out of the house and headed for my apartment.

Yes, that's right, I left without the money. 

I got to my apartment and spent the whole day thinking about what had happened, at times I cursed myself for not getting the money, but mainly I thought about William and how wonderful the experience was.

That night I got ready and headed down to the area I worked. At around 7:00 William's truck pulled up. He got out and walked up to me.

"Nicole, you left without letting me give you any money." William said.

"William, I couldn't accept any money for last night. People pay me for sex, last night we made love. I should pay you for an experience like that." I said.

"Nicole please let me pay you for last night." William said.

"No William, I could never accept money for a night like that." I said.

"Then we'll just have to get married." William said.

That comment blew me away. 

"What are you talking about?" I asked.

"If you won't let me pay you for making love to you then you'd lose out on a lot of money the 4 or 5 nights per week that I'd like to spend making love to you. I can't have you missing out on that much so I'll have to provide for you another way, as your husband." William said.

Now I'd had men propose to me before, but none of them were serious and I laughed each time one of them asked, but I wasn't laughing at William. He seemed to be very serious, and what's more I found myself considering it. I wasn't going to just jump into anything though.

"William, you don't want to marry me, I've got a past that would shock and terrify you." I said.

"I don't care about your past, all I care about is our future and I want it to be together." William said.

"This isn't exactly the ideal place to be discussing this, what do you say we go have dinner and talk about this." I suggested.

"That's a wonderful idea, our first real date." William said.

We got in his truck and drove to a restaurant far enough away that nobody would easily recognize me.

We sat down and ordered our food then we started talking.

"William last night was an incredible experience, but it isn't a good enough reason to get married." I said.

"You're wrong Nicole; it's more than enough reason if you let it be." William said.

"William, you've been alone for nine months then you have one incredible night with me and now you want to get married. Do you know how crazy that sounds?" I asked.

"I know it's sudden, but last night when we were together I fell in love with you. When I went down on you the first time and when you went down on me we were just having sex, but as I slid into you that first time and I looked into your eyes I fell in love with you. That one instant was enough for me, I knew I was in love with you and I knew I wanted to keep seeing you. When you were gone this morning I was sad, I had planned to talk to you about this when I woke up. I love you and I want to be with you. I'm willing to have you part time if you can't or won't quit what you do for a living and I'll pay you quite well for your company, but if you won't accept my money then my only choice is to marry you." William said.

"Oh William, how I wish I could see the world through your eyes. Julie was a very lucky woman to have a man like you in her life." I said.

"You could be that lucky too." William said.

"I would only bring you pain William, I've got too much baggage." I said.

"I'll gladly help you sort through all of it if you'll marry me." William said.

I looked across the table at that dear, sweet, wonderful man and I could see the longing in his eyes. I allowed my mind to wander a bit and thought of my life ten years down the road. I could either be still turning tricks after my looks had started to fade and after contracting some STDs, or I could be sitting in a warm home with William, maybe have a kid or two, the thought of that gave me a warm fuzzy feeling in my stomach.
