 Author's Note: Shout-out to my editors: AH, HB, CL & AV! This is my first foray into erotic writing and this is the beginning of an erotic horror story that will pick up next chapter! I hope you like it!

-Mr. Chaos

**************************************

Her hands glided gracefully under the water, rubbing against each other in smooth motions. The soap slowly dissipated from her hands; it either vanished completely or dripped into the maw that was the drain of the sink. The faucet shut off, and the water swirled down the drain silently, as if it had accepted its inevitable fate of what was to come. Chloe looked up, and studied herself in the bathroom mirror.

At only 23 she was in the prime of her youth. Curly brown hair, now a little tussled after her long day at work, framed her face, falling a few inches past her shoulders. She had large brown eyes, often giving her an apparent look of wonder, one that created the appearance of being even younger. A small nose, thin lips and cheeks with just a hint of baby fat made up the rest of her face. The white blouse she wore while working was buttoned nearly to the top, hiding her full B-cup breasts that were encased in a nice, albeit plain, pink bra. Her stomach was flat and her hips were wide, at least wide for her otherwise slender frame. She turned around and looked at her ass that was ever so slightly hugged in her black business slacks; it was small, but not flat; rounded, but not overly-sexual. Her thighs were shapely and her legs a good size that ended in small feet contained in modest heels. She looked professional. Chloe turned around again, resting her palms on the counter of her bathroom and sighed.

Having only been at her job for a few months, she kept to herself mostly. She kept her head down, and generally dressed in a way that wouldn't draw attention. She almost always ate lunch alone and rarely spoke to any of her co-workers, besides her boss, Mr. Peterson. He was a gruff, large man who was well into middle age. He was much taller than her five-foot-two frame, as most were, and she always felt very timid and small around him; although she didn't usually let herself get pushed around. Most days she just sat at her desk, typing away, hoping no one would come and check on her.

Work was finally over. Mr. Peterson wished her a good evening in a way that was out of character for him. In fact, he seemed to be in an oddly cheery, almost giddy mood all day. But she ignored it, her mind elsewhere as she was finally getting out of work. Her drive home always felt robotic, so ingrained into her it was. She reached her apartment complex - a small three-story affair - and bounded up the steps as fast as she could in her heels, happy to be back to her small, second floor apartment. 

Chloe rushed down the hall of her apartment floor, eager to get home. As she reached the front door of her humble abode, she fished out her keys from her purse, and pulled out her phone as well. The screen lit up -- a missed call from Darren. She sighed. Unlocking her door, her eyes glued to the screen of her phone, she entered the apartment, not noticing the figure standing at the end of the hall. The door slammed loudly, and the figure moved forward.

Chloe threw her purse down, kicked off her heels and shed her work jacket. It was the weekend, finally. She settled onto her couch as her phone lit up again; another text from Darren. She had been screening his calls and ignoring his texts since lunch. She pursed her lips as she set the phone down, further ignoring her boyfriend's attempts at reaching her. Maybe "boyfriend" wasn't the right word. They had had sex several times and been on a few dates, but no real connection had been made. And now they were fighting.

Only couples fight like this, right?

She picked up her phone once more, started to type on its slightly scratched touch screen before setting it down once more. She stood up and stretched, and headed to her bedroom. She was determined to relax despite the stress that commitment had brought. She moved in the direction of her bedroom, consumed by her thoughts, trying to free her mind of the poisonous worries that overwhelmed her brain.

Reaching her bedroom, she headed towards her bed, her body practically yelling at her to rest amongst the bright sheets. She sighed once more as she lay across her full bed, stretching, grasping at the sheets. The velvet cloth felt good against her skin and she turned her head, nestling her face into one of her pillows. She knew what would calm her down.

She turned to lie on her back, moving to the center of the bed. With one hand she began to unbutton her blouse, and with the other, her pants. She wiggled her hips until her pants were well down to her knees, and she pushed her pink underwear down with them. Her free hand ripped open her blouse's remaining buttons, and found its way under her bra, lifting it up under her chin. Oh yes, this is exactly what she needed.

She cupped her chest with both hands and inhaled sharply. Massaging her right breast with one hand, she moved her other up to the same breast and began to tweak her nipple. The massaging became rougher and the tweak turned into a pinch, which quickly became a pull. She twisted her nipple sharply, sending a jolt to her sex and turning her nipples from their natural light pink state, to a bright shade of red. Her hand snaked down to her pussy, feeling it's wetness with only a brief brush of her fingers. 

She moaned softly as she rubbed the outside of her usually small lips, now swollen and hot from her nipple stimulation. Her index finger pulled back the hood covering her tiny clit, and her middle finger pushed between the folds of her slit. She was soaked. She curled it in, finding that perfect spot from years of practice and began to rub her finger in a circular motion. Chloe moaned loudly, eyes squeezing shut in obvious pleasure.

Her index finger began to make circles around her clit, not directly touching it, but teasing the edges with slow, deliberate motions. She moaned again and twisted her nipple more, pulling it as hard as she could. She slipped her index finger inside of herself, moving it from her clit, and began to pump herself with both fingers, grinding her mound into her palm, her natural lubrication destroying any friction that may have existed. She moved faster and faster, panting with excitement. Taking the place of her index finger, her thumb pressed against her clit, moving it deftly back and forth. She thrust her hips forward, her hand moving from her nipple to the bed, pulling at the sheets. Her whole body quivered as pleasure washed over her. Arching her back she moaned her loudest yet, practically screaming with the intense euphoria her self-pleasure had created. With one last buck of her hips, she collapsed back into the bed, panting from exertion.

Her whole body relaxed and she exhaled loudly. Chloe turned over and curled up into herself, smiling. A look of satisfaction was plastered across her face, her hand still rested between her legs, enjoying its warmth. She yawned loudly before dozing off, not hearing the sound of her phone vibrating in the other room or the light patter of footsteps outside her front door, lost in her own world of pleasure.

Unbeknownst to her, a small scratching sound could be heard briefly from her door, before abruptly going silent.

She woke up several hours later. Sitting up and stretching, she grimaced at the smell that permeated the room and the stickiness adorning her hand and thighs. She shook her head and shakily got up, heading towards the bathroom, adjusting her bra and slipping her panties back on as she went. After finishing up in the bathroom she stepped lazily in front of the mirror and analyzed her features as she often did; always critical, always looking for a way to improve.

Why couldn't she be gorgeous?

She always knew that she wasn't ugly, but she never thought of herself as beautiful. "Cute" was what she was always described as; never a head-turner, a knockout, a seductress. Never a "ten." Shoulders slumping she turned back towards the bed, intent on lying back down and drifting off to sleep for the rest of the night. Chloe threw herself at the bed and before she even hit its cushiony surface, her eyes widened in remembrance.

"Shit!" She exclaimed, sitting up immediately. Darren! She had forgotten all about her boyfriend in her pleasurable self-indulgence. He had been texting her and calling her all day and they were supposed to meet at 8 at a bar to try and work out their fight. How could she forget about him like that? Chloe looked at the clock and saw that it was almost 9. She rushed into the other room, scrambling to remember where her phone was. Grabbing it, she tapped hastily upon its surface and began to call her boyfriend.

There was that word again. 

His phone rang several times before he finally picked up. She could hear music and voices in the background. He must've gone out, regardless if she came with or not.

"Hello!? Chloe!?" Darren shouted into his phone, slurring his words slightly, sounding a little drunk already.

"Darren! Hey, I'm sorry about not returning your ca-"

"What? I can't hear you babe!" he shouted, cutting her off. She hated that word. This was followed by the sound of him whispering in the background, telling someone to be quiet. A giggling noise could be heard. Girlish giggling. Her mood was instantly destroyed as was her desire to see Darren. 

"I'll call you in the morning." She said quickly into the phone. She hung up before he could reply, and sagged down onto the couch. She felt defeated. Running her fingers through her curly brown locks, she thought about why they had fought in the first place, causing this unfortunate situation.

The fight had been about sex of course.

Darren hadn't been her ideal lover, but it'd been so long since she had a steady access to sex that she didn't mind. His cock was nice, a little above average in length and girth. He had good stamina and seemed to know what he was doing; however, he wasn't in tune to her needs. There was always very little foreplay and he was usually rough when she didn't want it. That was where there argument had stemmed from. The last time Darren came over, she said that she wanted to go slower and draw out the sex more. He complied at first, making slow, sensual love to her, but that quickly ended as it clearly bored him. Despite her protests, he quickly fell into his old routine.

Was she overreacting? He was good looking for sure; tall, muscled and tan, topped by a handsome face with short black hair. He was usually nice, and acted like gentleman when they were out; however he could be cocky and pompous and a little rude and crass sometimes to strangers. Maybe she was just looking at the negatives because of her foul mood and their fight; he had other positive traits, right?

She lay down across her couch and scowled, no longer in the mood to try and talk with Darren, or call up her friends to go out and drown her sorrows at her favorite bar. She yawned loudly as she stretched and turned over on her couch. Nestling her head in its cushions, she felt her eyelids getting heavier and her mind growing foggy. Before she knew it, she had drifted off to sleep.

She dreamt of sex. A man, hugely muscular with a dark complexion and an unknown face held her up in his arms and bounced her steadily on his dick. The sounds of their smacking flesh, permeated by her moans and his almost eerie silence, filled the room. The background was hazy: a seemingly generic bed nestled behind them, an uninteresting lamp, a dresser; but these were not the things that were important. Chloe moaned loudly - he fitted inside of her perfectly, and that was what was important. 

Her featureless lover slowed, turned around, and placed her on the bed, without removing himself from her. Biting down on her left nipple and throwing her legs over his shoulders, he began to pump into her once more. His thrusting got faster, and she cried out, wrapping her legs behind his back and sinking her fingers into his hair and shoulder. He moved his head up and began to nibble at her neck, as her hands moved to her breasts to recreate the lost sensation. Hips speeding up, it seemed as though his stamina would never end, his cock slamming harder and harder into her. She panted in desperation, her whole body crying out for what it needed the most.

She was almost there. Feeling herself on the cusp of her finale, she moved her hips in time with his. The sounds of their fucking got louder and louder, punctuated by her uncontrolled moaning. She moved one of her hands down to her clit and began to rub herself. Their movements seem to become a blur, so intense was the love-making. She was so close.

A single knock on the door awoke Chloe from her slumber.