 A couple years back my wife and I made a trip down to Maryland for an old friend's wedding. In the car was me and my wife Jen and her good friend Megan. We had all grown up together in a small town and had raised our share of hell. Our friend Amanda was getting married and we were all excited for a party.

I was young when I got hitched but much younger when I first started dating Jen. She's 5' 4" with dark auburn hair that burns red in the sun. She has nice curves, thin but with enough meat to grab a hold of, and a great rack. All natural 36Cs with giant pink nipples that screw up into knots at the slightest attention. Her tits are great but her pussy is by far her greatest feature. She keeps a short small patch of hair above thin bright pink lips that beg to be pulled apart. I love burying my tongue as deep as I can in that snatch and sucking her lips into my mouth. She has the sweetest taste and she could crack walnuts in her pussy's grip. The first time she climbed on top of me and bounced her ass off, milking me of every drop of cum I had, I was hooked. 

I had remained quasi faithful to my wife the entire time. By quasi I mean I never fucked anyone else but I had done some heavy petting and salacious flirting from time to time usually when I'd been drinking. But don't judge me; I'm not sure she could make the same claim. After our trip to Maryland for Amanda's wedding I couldn't either.

Actually Amanda is one of the girls I had fooled around with in the past. We tended to be two of the last ones standing after many of our group's booze soaked nights full of dancing and good natured tomfoolery. We would sit up and sing and blabber at each other. Amanda is a little plumper but not fat. The payoff is her Tits (I'm capitalizing that on purpose)! She has two fantastic melons. Each one could fill a baseball cap. And she always liked to show them off. I've spent hours staring into that cleavage and she never seemed to mind. 

The closest we had come was the year before. She had come up for the weekend and we were out at their camp. Jen had to work the next morning and so had left early. That left me, Amanda, and her fiancé Ricky. He is a bit of a lush just like us so we were both surprised when he said he was heading to bed. 

Amanda and I drank into the night just rapping with each other laughing over old times. Late in the night we both ended up sitting close together on the couch. I was glued to her tits. We were very comfortable with each other and our bodies unconsciously sought contact with each other. We draped over each other while we laughed or held onto shoulders while telling stories. 

The room was full of sexual tension but I was kind of fooling myself that that was not where the night was heading. It was building, though, and soon we were both damn near panting while we talked. 

The bullshit ended when she leaned in to stress something and placed her hand on my thigh. It was her hand furthest from me so it opened her body up right in front of me and her Tits were practically heaving. I don't know how long I'd been hard but the light squeeze of her hand while she was talking had my dick throbbing. It felt like the helmet was going to burst. There was only a hands width between her fingers and my tip and I was sure she could feel it bouncing around in my shorts. 

Still chatting amiably, I placed my hand over hers and slid it down my leg to the end of my shorts and onto the bare skin of my knee and released it leaving the next step up to her. Without missing a beat she slid her hand back up my thigh this time inside my short's leg. The movement brought her face close to me and I kissed her our tongues brushing seductively. She kissed me back hungrily as her hand wrapped around the shaft of my cock. I normally rock a solid 8 inches but I was so hard I could have been pushing 8.5. With a reversed grip she pumped it recklessly stopping only long enough to slide her fingers all over the straining crown. I thought I was going to erupt right there.

I buried my head in her neck nibbling and licking at her ear and lightly pulling at her hair. She breathed into my ear, "You are so fucking hard!" while she squeezed. I could feel precum flowing freely. I fumbled at her huge tits and pressed my face into her cleavage. I pulled at her buttons and tore her shirt off her. She had to let go of my dick to take it off and then knelt down in front of me on the floor. She was laughing as she reached behind her and undid her bra. Her tits were magnificent giant a dark nipples.

"Do you want me to suck your cock?" She wasn't waiting for an answer. She had a crazy glint in her eyes while she attacked my buttons. She pulled my shorts and briefs down in one quick yank and when my dick came out I felt a swell of pride. Veins stood out all over it and it looked downright huge when she wrapped her small hand around it. The head was bulging purple and looked big enough to choke a horse.

I slid to the front of the couch and pulled her close enough to slide my raging cock between her mounds. "I have been fantasizing about fucking these tits for years!" I growled. 

Amanda took control of the situation grabbing a massive breast in each hand. With authority she told me, "These tits are going fuck you," and began pumping them on my dick. She occasionally slid my dick up as far as it would go and licked at the tip. Her hot tongue swirled around the lid and I couldn't hold back a groan.

Just then the toilet flushed in the other room. Ricky was awake! She jumped up and scampered into the kitchen with her shirt to put it back on thinking he was going to step into the room at any moment. I scrambled with my shorts and managed to get them up and sat back with my heart thudding in my chest and my eyes glued to the bedroom door. 

It never opened. He must have got up to piss and went back to bed. The damage was done though as the moment was over. Amanda came back in the room looking very guilty. "We can't be doing this." She was looking at the bedroom door. "What were we thinking?"

It was clear we weren't going to finish what we had started but my dick was slow getting the message. The front of my shorts was tented. "Oh Christ!" I exhaled in exasperation, "I guess we were getting carried away." 

She was looking directly at my cock which was not helping it to calm down. "Aw, you're going to get blue balls. I'm sorry." She didn't look too sorry.

"I think I can get the situation in hand," I said with a wink while I rubbed at my cock through my shorts to relieve the pressure. I felt like a sneeze would make me cum.

She surprised me with, "Can I watch?" Her eyes were lit up with excitement. "That's not cheating is it?"

I needed the release and the idea of her watching only turned me on more so I slid my shorts back down and took it in hand. I started pulling at a steady pace occasionally running my thumb over the tip to tease my building climax. She knelt again in front of me to watch and slid a hand between her legs to rub at herself. It didn't take long and I felt my load building. My hand was a blur as I worked it harder. I held onto the spurt as long as I could trying to build up a real impressive shot. 

The white hot electricity at the tip of my cock was unbearable. As my breath became halting and my balls tightened she could sense my upcoming burst. She thrust her chest at me, "Cum on my tits. Do it cover my tits." 

I came. Hard. White ropes of cum shot onto the tops of her tits. I mean I painted those bitches white. One rambunctious short even hit her chin. I leaned back exhausted my dick in hand and still throbbing out drizzles of cum. Amanda laughed and took my dick from me. She gave it a couple quick pumps and leaned in and licked the tender slit. I think I shuddered. She gave it one final exaggerated smooch on the tip and stood up. 

"I think I need to go to bed," She blew me a kiss and winked. "It would have been really, really good too."

Okay, now that I've written it out, I suppose you could make a case that that was cheating. I didn't fuck her though, but goddamn I would have.

The incident never repeated itself and it became an inside joke between us. A couple months later she was engaged to be married. I suppose there was one other time at the end of a visit when I was giving her a hug goodbye. Nobody else was in the room at the time and my cock was hard and pressing into her. She shifted her body to run her hip down the length of my shaft and let me know she felt it. 

"Easy now. We can't have anymore of that foolishness," she said but I noticed she was pressing her tits, which were prominently displayed, at me when she said it.

"One last motorboat, whadaya say?" I ask while taking those marvelous globes in hand. When she laughed I buried my face in her cleavage and shook them for all they were worth. 

"Okay that's enough." She accentuated it with a firm squeeze of my junk. We kissed and separated. She left and that was it. 

That was actually the last time I had seen them before we headed down south for their wedding. It was a four hour drive and I sat in the back contenting myself with daydreaming about fucking Amanda in her wedding dress in the changing room while everyone waited in the chapel. There is something about those big white dresses that make me want to push a bride up against a counter, throw the train over her head, and plow away at their pussy. Never have though. Even at my own wedding the wife was too tired to fuck. 

We got to the wedding, late as usual, and it quickly became clear that my fantasy would go unfulfilled. We barely saw Amanda or Ricky and when we did it was quick and cordial. 

After mentally fucking the bride for the last four hours, I was horny as all get out and constantly at the wife. Jen brushed me off telling me to calm down and maybe she would repay me later. Never happened. The wedding was cute and the reception a blast. We danced a lot. 

I spent a lot of time flirting with Megan but that was nothing new. She was fun to flirt with and despite a number of accusations we had always kept it at just flirting. 

That night went long and we all got pretty toasted. At one point I walked into the bathroom to find Ricky's dad hammering away at the maid of honor. She was a rail of a thing. Small pert tits and a defined muscular stomach. He had caught the garter and she had caught the bouquet earlier which at weddings around here means he had to slide the garter up her leg with the belief being that the higher he goes the longer the bridal couple will be together. I didn't look like Amanda and Ricky would ever be breaking up. He must have found something up there that he liked because he was now balls deep in her. 

They were so into it that they barely noted me. I fixed that by pulling my prick from my shorts and swinging it around. It was in that sweet spot between hard and soft that makes your dick look like it has the potential to be a monster. "Any room for a third?" I asked. 

I got a smile from her and my cock got a definite look of interest. But Ricky's dad was not impressed. "Get outa here you little shit," he dismissed me with a wave of his hand while he continued to plow away at her. I laughed and clapped him on the back and then went about my business and got out of there. 

I can't say for certain but I think a lot of people got fucked that night and not all of them were dancing with who brought them if you know what I mean. Wasn't to be for me though. There was dancing and flirting and a quite bit of drinking but I when I went to bed it was just me and my passed out girl. 

I woke up early the morning after the wedding as I often do after a hard night of drinking. Too drunk to sleep, I guess. My fiancé and I had half the double room and Megan had the other bed to herself. I couldn't help myself when I woke so I went about making sure both ladies were awake to keep me entertained. They cursed me but they were both half drunk still also. Soon enough we were all joking and ribbing each other. 

There was a sexy feeling to the room. I don't know if it was left over from the wedding and ribald reception or the culmination of our decade long flirty triangle being confronted with the intimacy of a morning bedroom. A bit of both I think. 

Jen (understandably) was always the most uncomfortable with the relationship of the three of us. It showed when she called shower and jumped to get to it. She wanted to get out of that room. The way she announced it was too loud or too quick. It was unnatural and it gave credence to the unspoken sex in the room increasing it tenfold. 

Jen messed about gathering her shower things. It was still playful in the room but there was static to the conversation like we all had other things on our mind. I was sitting up in the pillows and as relaxed as only a drunk with no sleep can be and still in my dress clothes from yesterday. My cock was as hard as stone and proud in outline in my pant leg. 

I was sneaking glances over at Megan. She had slept in her dress from the night before. I wasn't there at the time but I heard she fell asleep before she hit the bed. She wore a simple light, light blue summer dress. Laying across that bed, her limbs comfortably tossed about, her hair sprawled on her pillow, her fantastic tits piled on her chest barely contained in the low silky cut, she was sexy. I could tell she was feeling how sexy she was. She caught me looking and smiled coyly. I couldn't wait for Jen to go in the bathroom.

I was looking at Megan when the door finally closed. She rolled her head to look at me with mischievous eyes and her bottom lip pinched under her teeth. I felt compelled to stand up and watched her as I did. I wanted her to see how aroused I was. My cock was bulging against my pants. Her eyes were pulled to it and it had command of the room. She was lying on her back along the edge of her bed closest to me. I stepped up close to her face with my cock leading the way. I leaned against her bed putting my dick inches from her face. 

We shared the shortest eye contact. It was all the green light we needed. She groped at my crotch running her hand up and down its length only pausing long enough to squeeze at the base. I felt like I could cum through my jeans. My hand found its way to the jiggling globe of her left tit. So much to squeeze and knead, so natural, nipples scrunched into hard nobs. She was working at my fly. In the bathroom I could hear Jen pulling things from her shower bag. 

As Megan stripped my pants down to my knees, I began slowly pulling her dress up revealing inch after inch of milky thighs. As her dress pulled above her naked and beautifully trimmed pussy my cock throbbed a gob of precum into my briefs. The tip felt heavy enough to pulverize a building. 

I had pulled one tit out of her dress and ran my hand down her body to her feverish mound. She was hot and wet and two of my finger slid easily into her. Megan ran her hand down my briefs highlighting every inch of my cock tracing a bulging vein with her fingernail. We had flirted and fucked about for years and she had seen it briefly a time or two but now she had it right in front of her. I heard the shower kick to life. Her fingers spent a long time exploring the ridges of my helmet which seemed impossibly large. 

Megan leaned in and licked from my throbbing tip to a swirl of my nuts. I was working her pussy with one hand and pulling her head to me with my other. She ran her tongue back down the entire length of my cock which was still shrouded in the thin layer of my briefs. When she reached the tip she smothered it in floppy kisses then sealed her lips to it and sucked viciously. I let the sensation build as long as I could and then pulled away from her. She looked back up at me with eyes that were glowing with lust. 

At the same time we both glanced towards the bathroom. I could hear water splashing about in the shower. When Megan looked back to me I had pulled my cock out and it bobbed inches from her face. She giggled mischievously and positioned herself so that she lay on her back with her head turned towards me and grabbing the base of my cock in her right hand she fed it into her waiting mouth. I had been dreaming of fucking that warm mouth for years and now here it was slavering on my shaft with my fiance not 20 feet away. She had an odd angle but her suction was intense as she slid more and more of my cock into her mouth. I continued to rub and knead at her clit occasionally sliding fingers into her or straying away to grope at her bouncing tits or to grab at her exposed hip.

Megan bobbed away at my cock. Her tongue felt like it was everywhere at once. Her plump lips wrapped tight around it. She would pull back and focus that vicious suction on my glistening helmet. The tip of my dick is large and pronounced and begs for attention which I just happen to love. I began pumping my hips and fucking her face. She was willing and relaxed into lavishing me with her tongue as I pushed more of my cock into her mouth. With noticeable effort she relaxed her throat and my entire cock slid into mouth. She was deep throating me with ease as I plunged in and out of her hot, wet mouth. 

She pulled her lips off my cock to catch her breath. While her hand mauled at my member I leaned in and pulled her head to me with a handful of her hair. We kissed like fresh faced, over eager porno stars while furiously masturbating each other. She pulled at my cock and broke our kiss to gulp it back down. I gave in willingly. Megan worked the ridges of my cap masterfully with her lips and tongue before inhaling half of my member in swift bobs.

Megan was moaning around my cock (which drives me wild) and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter under my hand. I felt a strong response to finger fucking her so I focused on that and she reciprocated with thrusting hips. Her blowjob was getting sloppy as her pussy pulled her attention away. My hand became a blur and she arched her back. Releasing my cock she tossed her head with her eyes closed as a small orgasm rushed through her and her pussy flushed against my hand. 

As her hips came back down and her hand resumed its ministrations on my member I pulled my coated fingers from her snatch. On impulse I raised them to her mouth and she attacked them with the same vigor she had shown my cock. She sucked them clean and looked back up at me begging for a kiss. Again I leaned in and we shoved our tongues around each others mouths while I groped her heaving tits. I could taste her sweet juices. 

I was thinking of rolling onto the bed and pulling her into a 69 when she broke the kiss. That went out the window when she looked me in the eye and spoke for the first time, "I want you to fuck me!" Who says no to that? 

I stepped out of my pants that were pooled around my ankles as she rolled over on the bed. She positioned herself on all four with her ass above her ankles on the edge of the bed. She had left her dress on and I slid it slowly up her back to expose her luscious ass. Moaning she lowered her head to the bed presenting her full pouting pussy to me to do with as I pleased. I couldn't resist leaning in and running my tongue up and down from her pubic patch to her puckered asshole and back. Her juices were flowing freely and I sucked at them. 

"Do it." She moaned partly muffled from the bed. "Put that fucking dick inside of me."

I stood behind her fumbling with her ass cheeks and stretching them apart to display her shining pussy. "Don't you worry," I said, "Your gonna get what you want every goddamn inch of it." I teased the head along her slit. "I am going to fuck you and then I am going to cum so deep inside of you that you'll taste if for weeks." It was crude but the situation had already taken on a very crude atmosphere.

She moaned again and pushed her pussy back towards me aching for me to enter her. "Please," it was spoken in a whisper. I split her lips with my bulbous tip but didn't penetrate her. I rubbed it up and down her slit, teasing her and myself and relishing in the anticipation. I heard a slight clatter from the bathroom. How long had it been? No idea. The water was still running so I assumed a shampoo or soap bottle had been dropped. Megan hadn't heard. She was panting for my cock at this point, and I don't think we could have backed away even if Jen had come out just then.
