 Friday morning arrived and John Marlin, 32-year-old owner of The Wildwood Cabins Resort, was ready for a busy Fall weekend. All five cabins at the forested resort were reserved through Sunday. Yesterday afternoon, the first couple arrived and occupied Cabin 1. The pace was about to pick up, he told himself.

It was just before noon that a SUV pulled into the resort office's parking lot. John could see three people inside the vehicle from his seat behind the desk. As the driver got out and approached the entrance, John stood to greet him.

"Good morning," John said.

"Hi," the man replied. "Dennis Cashman. We have reservations for the weekend."

John pulled a manila folder from a tray on the desk and opened it.

"Yes, sir. Three guests. Two nights," John read from a form in the folder.

Dennis nodded.

"Sign here," John pointed to the bottom of the form. "Will that be cash, check or credit card?"

"Credit card," Dennis said while reading and signing the form.

John processed the card, finalized the registration and handed Dennis a key.

"Cabin 2. Follow the dirt road and it will be the first cabin on the right. Enjoy your stay," John said with a smile.

"Thanks. We'll let you know if we need anything," Dennis said and turned for the door.

John looked out at the SUV, but couldn't get a good look at the woman in the passenger seat or what appeared to be a younger looking girl with long hair in the back.

"Oh, well. We'll meet them eventually, I'm sure," John thought to himself as the SUV disappeared down the road.

Dennis and Kim Cashman, both in their early forties, were an attractive couple. Kim was tall, about 5'8", 125 pounds with a thin figure and long brown hair. Dennis was nearly 6'3", 215 and muscular. He was an imposing figure. As often happens when two good-looking people have kids, their daughter, Erin, was gorgeous. The eighteen year old was 5'6", 120 with an hourglass figure—she got the breasts her mother missed out on—and long, thick hair.

And like most eighteen year olds, Erin thought she was going on at least twenty-five. She knew it all and certainly didn't need her parents around. If the truth were known, they only brought her to the cabin because they couldn't trust her alone at home.

They drove past Cabin 1, with its single car parked outside, and arrived at the more secluded, larger Cabin 2. Erin woefully drug her suitcase into the cabin and laid claim to the upstairs loft bedroom. Kim quickly began unpacking in the main bedroom while Dennis checked out the fireplace, woodpile and hot tub on the attached, enclosed porch.

Dennis returned to the bedroom and stuck his head around the corner.

"I'm going to check out the hiking trail. I won't be long," he announced to Kim.

"OK, hon. I'll have something ready for lunch when you get back," she replied.

Dennis started down the trail that crossed the road just outside their back door. The woods were thick and damp with fallen leaves covering the ground. The quiet and stillness of the wooded area struck him immediately as he proceeded down the trail.

About ten minutes into his walk, and as he was about to turn around, he saw someone approaching from the opposite direction. A few more steps allowed him to see clearly the short, blonde woman walking towards him. She wore a sweatshirt and jeans and appeared to be in her mid to late twenties.

She stopped as Dennis drew near.

"Hi," the woman said.

"Hi. Great weather, isn't it?" Dennis said, not having planned on stopping until she did.

"Perfect for walking. Are you staying in one of the cabins?" she asked.

"Yeah. We just got here. How about you?" Dennis inquired. The woman's smile, blue eyes and wavy blonde hair made it impossible for the older man to not keep up the conversation.

"We got here yesterday. It's been great so far," she said. "I think you're the only other ones here so far, or are you alone?"

"No. It's my wife, my daughter and me," Dennis said. "Your husband with you?"

"Yeah. My name's Judy, by the way."

"Hi, Judy," Dennis said, shaking her hand. "I'm Dennis. I'll probably see you around if you stay for the weekend."

"Oh, we plan on it. Listen, if you and your family want to stop over tonight after dinner, we'd enjoy the company," Judy said sincerely.

Dennis hesitated for a second, taken aback by the forwardness of the invitation.

"Well, my daughter won't come. But I'll ask my wife. We can just drop by?" Dennis asked.

"Sure. Any time. Bring your favorite drink. We'll have the fire going."

Dennis couldn't determine if he was being teased or not, but he liked it. There was little doubt in his mind he would take her up on her offer.

"OK. Mind if I walk back with you as far as our cabin?" asked Dennis.

"Not at all," Judy said.

They chatted the whole way, with Dennis catching quick glances at the young woman's ass under her tight fitting jeans. Judy repeated her invitation when they got to Cabin 2 and Dennis repeated his acceptance.

After entering the cabin, Dennis walked up behind his wife and put his arms around her waist.

"Are you into twenty-somethings?" he whispered in her ear.

"Ooohh, you know I am," Kim sighed. "A couple?"

"Yes. The girl's a blonde, too."

Kim smiled. "Will you share?"

"If you insist," Dennis said, patting her on the butt. "She invited us over after dinner. I said we'd think about it."

"You're done thinking, I assume."

"Do you have better plans?" Dennis asked.

"Doesn't sound like it," Kim said She could feel his cock pressing against her, getting harder as they talked.

The rest of the day was spent hiking and trading hot tub time with Erin. The first time they returned to the cabin and Kim found her in the tub, Erin was topless with earphones on and an MP3 player drowning out the world. A quick tap on the shoulder stunned her back into reality and back into her bikini top.

At about seven, Dennis and Kim changed clothes. Kim chose a sweater that was just snug enough to outline her smallish breasts, but didn't overemphasize the fact she wasn't wearing a bra. Despite the weather, Dennis wore a short sleeve shirt over his powerfully built upper body. At 7:15, they grabbed a bottle of wine from the refrigerator, yelled goodbye to Erin and walked to Cabin 1.

Judy answered the door when they knocked.

"Hi. We were hoping you'd make it," she said. "Come on in."

Judy introduced her husband, Bill. He was just over six feet tall, 190 pounds and had an athletic body. Dennis introduced Kim and they all found seats in the living room.

As the small talk started, Kim gazed intently at Bill. This couple was younger than the crowd back home that often met on the weekends for spouse swapping, Kim thought to herself. She shouldn't get her hopes up too high. But the young man certainly was attractive and she knew from experience that Dennis had a way of making things happen.

Drinks were poured after a few minutes and the talk got more relaxed. Bill put a log on the fire, providing Kim with a chance to check out his cute butt more closely.

"Well, well. What do we have here?"

John Marlin sat at his computer, leaning closer to the twenty-one inch monitor. On the screen was a view of Cabin 1's living room. He used his mouse to press a zoom option on the software's control panel.

"Isn't that cozy," John said. "And it's only Friday night. This bodes well for the weekend."

A security camera hidden inside the top of the room's wall provided John with a panorama of the entire area.

"Where's the kid?" John asked out loud.

A click on the control panel split the screen in half and a view of the living area of Cabin 2 appeared. There, on the couch, sat Erin in a long tank top, her legs tucked up under her while she watched TV.

"Ah. That's better."

The conversation in Cabin 1 wore on and more drinks were consumed. Soon after Bill had walked into the kitchen, Kim and Dennis exchanged glances. Dennis nodded one time and Kim excused herself from the room. Once in the kitchen, the game was on.

"Need something?" Bill asked her with a smile.

Kim stood directly behind the young man, who was pulling snacks down from a shelf.

"Sure do." Kim placed her hands on his hips. "I need to know if you and Judy know how to REALLY party."

Bill stood frozen for an instant. Finally, he managed to say, "As in…" He didn't complete the sentence.

Kim moved her right hand onto Bill's crotch and rubbed it gently.

"As in sharing each other."

She rubbed harder, feeling the outline of his cock through the jeans.

"Ah, we haven't…I don't know anybody who…," he stammered.

"Right now my husband is asking your wife the same question. What do you think she'll say?" Kim asked. She could feel the cock slowly getting harder.

Bill hesitated. "It's hard to say."

"If Dennis puts his hand inside her sweatshirt and squeezes one of her cute little breasts, might she say yes?" Kim was nearly whispering, massaging the length of the cock with long, slow strokes.

"She might."

"If I put your cock in my mouth, sucked on it, licked it and let you fuck me, might you say yes?"

Bill's cock doubled in size and ached for more room.

"I might."

Kim's hand was inside his jeans, moving the semi-erect cock so it pointed up at them.

"Let's see what they're up to," Kim suggested.

They moved quietly to the kitchen door and looked into the living room. Dennis was sitting nearly on top of Judy, his hand in her sweatshirt. Judy's eyes were closed and Dennis was whispering in her ear through her thick, blonde hair.

"I think we have an answer," Kim said softly.

"Holy shit," John exclaimed. A piece of popcorn fell onto his lap as he shoved a handful into his mouth. He brushed the loose piece away without taking his eyes off the monitor. He grabbed the mouse and pointed to the zoom control.

Dennis' hand was hidden inside Judy's sweatshirt, but John could plainly see Dennis was groping the younger woman's breast. And she appeared to be loving it!

"Where the fuck are the other two?"

A click showed the bedroom. Nothing. Another click and the hot tub appeared. Nothing.

"Damn it. They must be in the kitchen. That won't last," John sneered, opening another beer.

As if on cue, Bill and Kim walked into the picture in the living room. John could see the couples talking and then, to his amazement, Kim removed her sweater. Her small breasts stuck out proudly from her chest as Kim threw the sweater on the floor. She stepped in front of Bill, put her hand behind his head and guided it to her left breast.

"Here we go. What did I do to deserve this?" John said.

Dennis pulled up Judy's sweatshirt, waiting for her to stop him. Instead, she raised her arms and allowed Dennis to remove it, shaking her hair back into place afterwards. She wore a small, white bra that Dennis quickly unhooked and took off.

As Bill nibbled on Kim's breasts, Dennis indulged himself with one of Judy's nipples. Soon, however, his mouth was wrapped around one-third of the luscious breast. Judy moaned and pulled Dennis closer to her.

Bill unsnapped Kim's jeans and pulled down the zipper. While still sucking on an ever-growing nipple, he slid his hand inside her panties and reached down until feeling the small patch of soft hair above her clit. Another couple inches and he was on her pussy, feeling the heat and moisture already building.

John once again clicked on the controls for the camera in Cabin 2 and saw an empty living room.

"Oh, oh. I hope I didn't miss anything with the babe."

Another click and the loft bedroom came into view. There, on the bed, was Erin in her tank top. As John zoomed in, he saw something shiny in her hand. An instant later, he was watching Erin position a silver dildo over a cleanly shaven pussy as she pulled her shirt up to her stomach.

"Jesus. I hit the jackpot tonight," he said.

Setting his beer on the table, he unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down the zipper. Reaching inside the fly of his boxers, John pulled out a rigid, swollen cock. Using both hands, he stroked it, letting it fall lazily from one palm to the other.

Erin pushed the silver tool over her clit, then dragged it back up slowly. Her eyes were closed and her tongue moistened the outside of her lips. The dildo floated between her pussy lips, contacting her moist cunt.

The girl's other hand slid under her top, exploring the tips of her alluring breasts.

"Come on, babe. Lift the damn shirt," John moaned, cock in hand.

At the same time Erin's dildo entered her hole, she lifted the shirt to her neck. She spread her legs farther apart and played with the nipple on her right breast. The dildo began a steady, rhythmic action in and out of her cunt.

"Jesus," John said.

Kim's jeans hit the floor at the same time Dennis was unzipping Judy's. Bill leaned down and pulled off Kim's pants, shoes and socks. Dennis did the same as Judy sat on the couch.

Bill stood in front of the tall, older woman, hesitating before accepting a long, wet kiss from her. His arms wrapped around her and his hands slid inside the back of her panties. Kim's ass filled his hands as he squeezed softly.

Dennis moved forward on his knees, parting Judy's legs as she leaned against the back of the couch. With one hand on her breast, Dennis gave her a tantalizing kiss.

"Undress for me," Kim whispered to Bill. She then sat on the floor, her legs pulled up to her chest.

The young man did not hesitate. First his shirt, then his pants, and finally his boxers were thrown on the floor in a heap. Next to him, Dennis was doing the same. It was a double feature for the captivated women.

The real show was taking place on John Marlin's computer screen. One half showed the foursome in Cabin 1 gradually becoming naked. The other half showed a teenager in Cabin 2 masturbating as if she'd never had sex in her life. John himself had a massive erection that spasmed with nearly every stroke.

Erin alternated between placing the dildo inside her cunt and massaging her clit. The whole time, her hand lingered on her breasts. The dildo probed her hole once more. Erin arched her back, lifting her ass off the bed as the tool disappeared up to the girl's fingers.

John watched her mouth open, then close as the oncoming orgasm built inside her body. He let go of his cock, wanting his own orgasm to linger a while longer. He looked at the two couples in Cabin 1. The two men were naked now. Each one had removed the panties from the women in front of them. Bill was sucking on Kim's breasts as the older woman sprawled on the floor below him. Dennis had his head buried between Judy's legs. Judy's head was tilted to the side, providing her with a view of her husband and Kim on the floor next to the couch.

"Oh, God. Yes. C'mon," Erin said in a trembling voice.

The dildo prodded her cunt. Her juices made the instrument glisten even in the faint light of the loft bedroom. The girl bucked her hips up and down, fucking the toy.

She brought it out one more time and placed it on her clit. Frantically, she nudged the tool back and forth.

"Ah, fuck. Fuck." Her voice rose in unison with her ass off the bed.

The first jarring flutter of her orgasm seemed to hang in her stomach before erupting down to her pussy. For another agonizing second, it faltered again. Then Erin let out a muffled wail and she came.

A euphoria no boy could ever provide her filled Erin's young body. Desperately, she prolonged the orgasm by working the dildo over her swollen clit. Her face contorted as she groaned with each wave of pleasure. Every time she squeezed her nipple, a new quiver flowed through her body.

A minute later she was stretching her legs, slowly running the dildo up and down her pussy.

"God," she panted.

Bill was first to ram his cock into his new partner. Kim eagerly accepted it, wrapping her legs around his waist. Her feet rested on his ass as Bill began penetrating her. Kim was unexpectedly tight, Bill thought to himself. When she tightened her cunt muscles even harder around his cock, he knew he wouldn't last long.

Meanwhile, Dennis had traded places with Judy. The young woman was positioning herself over his rigid cock, slowly lowering herself. Dennis leaned back on the couch as Judy engulfed his cock with her cunt. He reached up and grasped her undulating breasts. Quickly, she had his entire cock inside her and was fucking him in earnest.

John switched to a full screen view of Cabin 1's living room. He saw Bill's ass rising and falling as he impaled Kim over and over. Kim's breasts, small as they were, shook erotically.

He zoomed in, however, on the younger woman. The man under Judy was holding her little ass. Her breasts, free from his grasp, swung back and forth.

"That's it, hon. Fuck him good. Cum for us," John said in a low, hoarse voice.

He gripped his cock harder. Methodically, he pumped it until he felt the cum rising. John grabbed a small towel next to the computer and placed it over his cock. A half dozen more strokes and cum spewed from the tip.

"Ah, God. Yes."

John's body shuddered as he continued to shoot cum into the towel. He felt the sticky fluid cover the top of his cock as he came several more times. He thought he was done until he saw Judy's head tilt back and an unheard cry escape her open mouth. Two more spurts of cum dripped from his cock.

"That's it. C'mon," Dennis was saying to the woman in his lap.

Judy's orgasm raked her entire body. Her contracting cunt muscles immediately sent Dennis over the edge. Hot cum flowed into Judy's cunt and over his cock. The sensation resulted in additional orgasms for each of them amid cries of ecstasy.

The sounds emanating from the couch quickened the pace of Bill and Kim's fucking. Kim barely began her orgasm before Bill followed. Together, they urged the other on while the scent of sex filled the air. Bill pressed down onto Kim's chest, feeling her breasts collapse under his weight. His cock drove into her continually until it finally began to soften.

"Oh, fuck. Kim, that was incredible," Bill managed to say as he collapsed one last time onto her breasts.

Dennis and Judy were laying on the couch kissing and gently running their hands over the other's body.

"What are you guys doing tomorrow night?" Judy asked.

Laughter from the floor provided the answer.