 From the first day he saw her, he knew she was the one. It was the middle of October. Fall had arrived and the trees had changed into their yellow, red and orange attire. She was standing on the porch of a small picturesque house. Like Snow White her alabaster skin glowed in the sunshine, and her delicate hands were carefully arranging a rose bush in a pot. Suddenly she looked up and in his direction. As she stared into his eyes and smiled, Nick could feel a stirring in his stomach. A tingle that he had not felt in a long time. Raven black hair and intense green eyes. But her lips were what caught his eyes. Lips the color of the roses that grew down the river all bloody and wild. He had to find out who she was.

From that day on he saw her many times. Downtown grocery shopping. By the cinema. In the small cafe on upper street. The launderette. He once even caught a glimpse of her putting in a red camisole into the washing machine. If she had known how many nights he spent fantasizing about her in it. 

It turned out she had recently moved to town. This small provincial town where everyone knew everyone. Thank god for that, or he would have had a much harder time finding out who she was. According to Mrs Callgate she was in her late 20s and had inherited the house from an old aunt. Her name was Elisa Day. She was a big town girl, but had fallen in love with the house and decided to move into it. That's how she had ended up on the countryside. From what Mrs Callgate knew, the raven haired beauty was single. Nick thanked his good fortune. 

It was not until another two weeks later that Nick got the chance to talk to her for the first time. Halloween was just around the corner, and Mrs Callgate had asked him to deliver a basket of Halloween decorations to Elisa. Naturally Nick was more than happy to oblige, it was the excuse he had been waiting for. 

Carrying the basket filled of various decorations, anything from pumpkins to garlands and hand-made witch figures (made by Mrs Callgate herself), Nick walked through the gate and towards the blue house. Drawing in a deep breath, he knocked on the door. Someone was moving inside the house, he could hear the footsteps. Now they were coming nearer. The handle went down and the door opened.

#

When he knocked on her door, her heart made a leap. She had seen him many times before. Downtown grocery shopping. By the cinema. In the small cafe on upper street. The launderette. At times she had wondered if he was following her, but she doubted it. Why would he? He seemed like a nice man. Mrs Callgate had told her his name was Nick. He was in his early 30s, and apparently single. As he now stood before her in the doorway, Elisa's body began to tremble. His dark brown hair was longish and kept falling into his eyes. He looked at her with his equally dark brown eyes peeking from underneath the bangs. The look he gave her was intense. There was something about it. Was it lust? Desire? Or was it just her imagination? 

"Yes?"

"Hi, I'm Nick. Mrs Callgate asked me to drop by with these decorations." He handed her the basket. She seemed a bit perplexed by the content. 

"It's for your Halloween decorations," Nick explained, feeling slightly stupid. "Mrs Callgate thought you might not have any, and over here everyone decorates their house. There's some town contest too, I believe." Boy, did he feel stupid. 

"Oh, thanks," Elisa said and smiled. "I'm sure the decorations will be of use. Nice to meet you by the way."

"The pleasure is all mine." He couldn't help looking into those deep green eyes again. They were even more beautiful up close. There seemed to lurk a hidden wild streak in them. And he could read something else. Desire? Lust? Or was it just his imagination?

"Would you like to come in?" she said, and made a gesture into the house.

"I don't want to impose."

"You're not." And the sound of her voice made Nick believe she wanted him to come in. Probably equally much as he wanted to walk over that threshold and enter her humble abode. 

"Thank you." Nick took a step forward, his boot clad feet stepping over the wooden hallway floor. He could hear her close the door behind him. 

"This is a nice living room," Nick said while looking around. The room was brightly painted in light blue and white colors. There were hardly any furniture, but he assumed it was because she had just moved in. 

"I'm Elisa Day," she said and handed him one of those delicate hands. "I'm sorry we haven't been properly introduced before. I've seen you around though."

He took her hand and shook it. "You have?"

"Yes," she said, a light blush spreading across her cheeks. "Now and then. Downtown. 

"I've seen you too." Nick gave her his most charming smile. He could sense something going on, but he wasn't sure if he was reading her right. The last thing he needed was to misinterpret her. After all, she was new in town and he wanted to get to know her.

"I believe the first time I saw you was two weeks ago, am I right?"

"Yes, I believe so. You were standing on your porch and planting a rose bush." Nick tilted his head slightly to the right. "Do you like roses?"

"I love them."

"Me too."

A strange silence followed. 

"Eh, well thanks for coming over with the decorations," Elisa said, feeling a bit nervous. She wasn't sure why she was nervous, but it had something to do with Nick's presence. He was an attractive man. Tall, handsome and with a mischievous smile. She had already fallen in love with his high cheekbones and the prominent jaw line. 

"Would you like something to drink?" she asked in an attempt to get him to stay.

"Thanks, but you really don't need to..."

"Oh, it's not trouble at all!" Elisa said, happy that he had said yes. "I'll be right back with some tea." With quick steps Elisa turned around and walked out into the kitchen. Nick's eyes followed the subtle swinging of her hips. Her hipster pants emphasizing her natural curves and shapely rear. 

#

"This has been really nice," Nick said. He had been at her house for three hours. In this short time they had covered a lot of topics, he felt as if they had known each other for the longest time.

"You know what, Nick?" Elisa said. "This will sound strange, but it feels like we've known each other much longer."

"I know what you mean," Nick nodded. "Perhaps it's a sign?"

She laughed. It was a sweet laugh. 

"Perhaps it is..."

"May I ask you something?" 

"Sure, but I can't promise I'll answer."

"How come you're single? I mean, you're beautiful, smart and well...plain lovely." Nick couldn't help blushing.

Elisa looked up and gave him a shy smile, but her eyes had a sudden sadness to them. 

"I'm...I'm not too good with relationships," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"I...don't trust men."

"You've been hurt?" he asked, careful not to upset her.

"Well," Elisa began. "It was my father...he..." She went quiet.

"If you don't want to tell me, that's fine. I understand." Nick put a comforting hand on her shoulder.

"I'd rather not go into any detail, but he did some...things to me," Elisa said in a low voice. "I'm over it, but... No wait, I guess I'm not over it. How could I ever be after what he did? But I've gotten on with my life." She looked up and smiled that sweet smile again. The one that showed her deep dimples. Nick smiled back. Before he knew it he had his arms around her. He could feel his hands on her back, pulling her into his embrace. He hugged her. And what a hug. 

Elisa was trembling once again. It had been a long time since she had been in the arms of a man - her father's. Within her she was struggling; should she push Nick away, or give in to the hug? But it felt so nice. His strong arms around her. The feeling of his breath against the back of her neck. She could smell the faint cologne. There was something about this man. This Nick. She couldn't tell what it was, but she trusted him. She felt safe with him. And then her trembling subsided in his sure embrace. And she knew; he would be her first man. 

He could hear her breathing change. It was more ragged and he thought he heard something that sounded suspiciously like a sniffle. Gently he pulled himself away from her, but kept his hands on her shoulder and arm. She was crying. His raven haired beauty was crying. Clear droplets of tears were streaming down her cheeks. 

"Don't worry, you're safe," Nick said, not really knowing what else to say. With a careful hand he wiped at the tears that ran down her face. 

She felt his fingertip brush against her cheek. As he wiped away the last teardrop, Elisa caught his wrist, and redirected his hand. She put his hand to her cheek, letting the curve of his palm cup her face. As Nick traced the outline of her jaw line, Elisa could feel the beating of her heart accelerate. She wanted him. She wanted him badly. At the same time she was scared. Terrified. What if he wasn't the person she saw before her? What if he had some dark side to him? 

"Nick," she said. "Promise me something."

"Anything."

"Don't hurt me."

"I won't."

"Don't play any games. I can't stand games."

"Neither can I."

"Promise?"

"Promise." And Nick knew he would never play any games. He would never lie to her. He would never forget the way her eyes had rendered the painful memories of her youth. 

"I'll do anything for you."

"Will you take care of me? Cater to every fantasy I've got? Will you take me places I've never gone?"

"I can do that." They leant closer. Their lips almost touching. 

"Will you make it all a little less cold..." He could see her red lips parting. 

"I can do that." And with that Nick kissed her. Her full lips were against his, and his body pressed against her's. 

#

Their kisses hungry, their bodies burning and their minds entwined. Nick's feelings were known and shared. He graced his lips over her exposed neck, feeling her body slowly relaxing, giving in to him. 

Her face touched his, he felt the eyelashes against him at the same moment she found his sex and, stroking it, brought it to life.

He let his eyes close. This time she kissed him, and he felt his passion collecting. Roughly she parted his lips. Hungrily she kissed him. She was surprised at her own desire. It had been so long since she had felt something like this. So long since she had let herself go. 

Elisa's hand worked around Nick's erection. She could almost feel how it wanted to burst through the cotton fabric chinos. She unbuttoned the pants, and carefully pulled down the zipper. Freeing his sex to go its full length, she looked down and uttered some small oath under her breath. 

The anticipation of finally having her touch him was almost unbearable. Never had he wanted anyone as much. To kiss her. Make love to her. Devour her. He wanted to grasp her hand and steer her to his throbbing manhood. To feel her hands on him. As he felt her slightly cold hands on his hot sex, he let out a gasp. 

She was hesitant at first. It was beautiful, but also held a certain powerful presence that she hadn't noticed before. It was not that long, but thick and hard. Very hard. The bulbous head had a reddish tint, and a clear liquid had seeped out from the tip. She felt the weight in her hands. And then she moved her slender fingers up and down the hard shaft.

"Oh yes," he moaned. "That feels great." He could feel her fingers going up and down, first carefully, as if she was afraid to hurt him. Then the grip tightened. He let out another moan to let her know he liked it. The grip tightened once more. He was in heaven. 

He felt the smoky perfume between her naked legs. The hair was hot and wet. He nuzzled his head into it and felt the silk skin of her thighs against his cheeks. Her eager hands tugging at him. Pulling him towards her sex. Holding on to her thighs he dived in. The perfume of her sex got stronger. It was going to his head. Taking him in fully. With one hand he parted the puffy outer lips. Spreading them gently. Exposing her most private parts to him. It was a bright pink. Bright pink, and with two smaller lips that lead to her most sensitive spot. 

He stuck out his tongue. Tasted her. First a couple of light licks. She shuddered. Then a couple more. Her legs parted and gave him easier access. Suddenly he flattened his tongue and gave her a hard lick. Her hand was tugging at his hair. 

Nick was getting more and more aroused by Elisa's movements. He could feel the way her body responded. He could hear her labored breathing as he let the top of his tongue grace her clit, the tremble in her legs as he licked up and down her gorgeous pussy. The way her body shuddered as it felt his fingers penetrating into her, and finally the way her hips grinded into his face as she reached her climax with his fingers pumping into her at a fast pace. Tongue working her hot sex and lapping her flowing juices. 

She urged him to cover her. His weight came down above her, almost crushing her. The first nudge terrified her. Let there be pain. She gave a long gasp as she felt him penetrating her. And then all of her body opened up, welcoming him. And when it came again, hard, thick and pounding, she found herself moving with it. She caught onto the rhythm quickly. It was as if they were meant for this. Meant to do this together.

"Are you ok?" Nick whispered.

"Yes," Elisa answered. "I'm...ok."

"Tell me if you want me to stop. If it hurts."

"It doesn't."

"Tell me if you don't want me to go on. Promise me."

"I want you to go on." She bucked her hips against his and made a rotating motion. He almost lost his balance. 

He was inside of her again. His hands sought the hot flesh behind her knees, the wet warmth under her breasts, her rounded calves, and her mouth. A multitude of tiny crevices, creases, secrets. She was his to explore.

At one point he was under her, feeling her delicious weight on top of him. The view was spectacular. Her full breasts moving to the rhythm of her movements. The black hair bouncing as she went up and down on him. He could even see her lips opening up, taking him in. Pushing down on him. All the way down, and then up again. He could see her glistening wetness on his member. 

He felt an incredible urge to rise and take her in his arms again. Crush her with kisses. Lay her back down. Lift her by her slender waist and ravish her. Suddenly he was engulfed by the feeling of her tight opening. The warmth. The wetness. He felt himself stiffen, gasp. She rode him viciously, working him deeper inside her. Harder. Faster. A hand reaching for her clit, touching it. Working it. Abusing it. And then it happened. That familiar explosion in his brain that seemed to wipe out all time.

She could feel the muscles tightening around his hard cock. And then he came. She could feel him coming inside of her. The stiffening of his body underneath her, then the release. Her own body welcomed it. Welcomed him. Her muscles tightened around him as he came. Squeezing him. Helping him. 

She collapsed on him. Feeling his nakedness. His heart beating against hers in unison. She thrust her heated face into the crook of his shoulder. Cradling him. Holding him. Loving him. Kissing him with the tenderest mouth. 

#

On the second day Nick brought Elisa a flower, she was more beautiful than any woman he had seen. Dressed in regular jeans and a simple white top, she still looked like the woman of his dreams. She was busy putting up the Halloween decorations. 

"Do you think I should have a witch on the front door?" she happily asked. 

"I don't know, do you want to?" Nick laughed.

"I'm not sure, let's try it out." Elisa hung one of Mrs Callgate's hand-made witches on the front door. It didn't look too bad.

"You know what?" she said. "I think it suits. Let's keep it there." Then she turned to Nick and gave him a broad smile. 

"What have you got behind your back?"

"Guess."

"More decorations?"

"No, something else."

"No clue."

Nick held out the flower. It was a single red rose. "To the most beautiful girl in the world."

"Oh my, thanks!" Elisa was thrilled. "I'll put in water right away!" Nick followed her into the small kitchen. Leaning against the sink he watched her put the rose in a slim vase.

"Do you know where the wild roses grow?" Nick suddenly asked.

"The wild roses?" She turned to face him. 

"Yes, the wild roses. They're wonderful. They remind me of you. So sweet, scarlet and free." He smiled.

"Where do they grow?" Elisa asked.

"A very special place. Some say it's a magical place. They always look the most beautiful around Halloween."

"That's funny," she said. "Most roses have finished blooming by then."

"I know, but not these. These are special ones."

"I'm intrigued."

"If I show you the roses, will you follow?"

Elisa looked at Nick. There was a sudden eagerness in his voice. She nodded.

"I will."

#

Halloween had arrived. Kids were running around dressed in the usual costumes. A vampire here, a witch there. A few Freddy Kreuger's, some guys wearing hockey masks, and of course the increasingly popular Scream mask. Nick especially liked the one where you could press a pump and red blood would run down the mask. 

Elisa was waiting for him at her place, they would go through the trick or treat session together. He would open the door and she would give the candy. 

There was a knock on the door. The first group of kids had arrived.

"TRICK OR TREAT?" they yelled and giggled. 

"Wow, you guys look great!" Nick said and inspected the three boys dressed up in capes, boots and holding out backpacks before him. "Let me guess, you're all dwarfs."

"Hmpf!" The first one muttered. "We're not dwarfs, we're halflings."

"Yeah, we're Hobbitts!" another boy squealed.

"Oh, uh, my mistake." Nick looked at the boys again. Now he could see they all held walking sticks in one hand, and the middle boy, the insulted one, had a ring hanging in a chain around his neck. 

"Yes, now I see it. You're Frodo," he said pointing at the boy with the ring. "And you must be Sam." He looked at the red haired boy with freckles. "And you...eh, who are you?"

The third boy was the youngest. Nothing particular about him. He wore a similar cape and glasses. 

"I'm Harry Potter," the little boy said. 

"Harry Potter? I didn't know Potter traveled with Hobbitts..." Elisa pushed Nick out of the way and gave each boy a bag of candy. 

"There you are boys, have a good evening!" She happily waved after them before closing the door.

"Since when did Harry Potter travel with Hobbitts?" Nick said.

"Shush, be quiet." Elisa slapped him playfully on the arm. "In the future perhaps I should open the door, and you give the candy."

"But..." Nick started. 

"And who are you dressed up as then?" Elisa interjected, looking at Nick's usual chino's and turtle necked sweater. 

"Patrick Bateman from American Psycho," Nick grinned. 

#

The candy was finished, and the last group of children had left. Nick and Elisa were lying in the sofa, exhausted. 

"I never knew giving children candy could be so tiresome," Nick sighed. 

"Neither did I," Elisa agreed. She moved around a bit and placed her head in his lap. 

"Give me your loss and your sorrow." 

Elisa looked up at Nick.

"What?"

"It's from a song," he explained. 

"Oh, ok." Elisa laid down again. Nick was playing with her hair. 

Suddenly she could feel Nick stirring. 

"Let's go," he said.

"Go where?" she looked at him with a confused face expression.

"To the river."

"The river? NOW? It's late!"

"You said you wanted to see the roses."

"Well, yes, but it's late and I'm tired." Elisa sat up and looked at Nick. Once again his face expression had changed. This time he looked much more serious. 

