 It was a beautiful day outside for a nice long trip to the wilderness. She had spent the week working hard in the office and need time away. So she packed her bags before jumping in the shower. She lay out her best pair of wranglers and a baby blue shirt. After grabbing a towel and washcloth from the cabinet, she slipped off her robe. She glanced in the mirror at her luscious big bold beautiful body in the mirror before stepping in the shower. She turned the water on to luke warm as she applied shaving gel to her armpits, pussy and legs. Then taking the razor off the shelf she slowly started shaving her armpits and legs before moving to her pussy. She grabbed the hand held mirror so that she could be sure that she did a good job shaving her beautiful mound. 

After finishing with the shaving, she began to lather her long brown silky hair with shampoo. She rinsed her hair and applied the conditioner. Then taking the soapy washcloth she began to rub it across her shoulder and down her soft arms. As she bathed she rubbed her fingertips across her nipples and felt them hardening to the touch. She slides the washcloth on down to her legs. Finally getting lathered up good, she rinsed off her body and her hair. 

She stepped out of the shower and picked up the towel as she dried her hair and wrapped it. Then she grabbed the other towel and dried off quickly before walking into her bedroom. She looked at her body in the mirror before pulling on her panties across her long legs and over her ass and mound. Then taking her bra, she slides her arms in it and pulled her breast into the cups with her hand. Then she fastened the front of her bra. She pulled on her jeans and shirt. After getting dressed, she walked over to the vanity table.

She pulled her hair down out of the towel, and taking her brush she gently stroked each strand of her hair until it lay gently over her shoulders. Then she lightly put on her make up. She was almost ready for the day. The only thing left to do was to put on her socks and shoes. She walked over to the bed and put them on before looking in the mirror.

“Wow, you sure do know how to clean up!” she said to herself as she grabbed her hat, pocketbook and baggage for the weekend. 

She closed and locked the door. Then she walked to the 2003 black Dodge pickup sitting in her driveway. She unlocked, opened the door and jumped in the truck. She turned on the ignition and put it in drive. Before pulling out she turned on the radio to see what kind of music she could find. Then looking to make sure that no one was coming she pulled her truck out on the road and took off.

Finally after driving for several hours she came to the lodge in the mountains of Tennessee. She parked her truck in the nearest parking place, jumped out and grabbed her belongings. She shut the door as she started walking to the door. She was in her on little world as she heard a deep sexy voice.

“Ma’am, you might want to watch what your doing. I wouldn’t want to see a pretty woman such as yourself get hit by a moving vehicle.” 

Startled she replied, “Thank you sir. Might kind of you to be looking out for others.”

He parked his truck next to hers. She watched as he stepped out of his truck. She was so mesmerized by his good looks and deep voice that she was unable to speak. So, he said, “let me carry that for you, ma’am. My name is Robert.”

“Hi! I am Maria. Thanks for the help” she said as they walked toward the front door of the lodge. “Are you here on business or what?” 

“I am here to get away from all that boring city life. Everyone needs to get away now and then. Don’t you think?” he said as he watched her walk with such confidence. 

“Yes, and that is exactly what I am doing. I am getting away for the weekend.” She said softly. 

“Well if you are alone, what about we meet later for dinner and a few drinks?” he said as his brown eyes glittered.

“Sounds good to me. How about meeting me in the lobby at 6 pm?” she smiled at him as she watched his smile.

“Alright that is settled. See you then!” he said as he handed the door person her luggage and they went there separate ways. 

She took the elevator up to her room with the door person following with her luggage. She opened the door to the most beautiful room. She told them to put her luggage by the closet. After they shut the door, she walked over and lay down on the bed. She was somewhat tired from the drive up. And since she did not know exactly how long she would be out she thoughts that she betters take a little nap. So she took out her alarm clock and set it for 5 pm. That will give me about an hour of sleep and an hour to freshen up she thought.

At 5 pm the alarm went off and startled her. She sat up in the bed and brushed her hair back with her hand. After reaching over and shutting off the alarm, she stood up and walked into the bathroom. She took a washcloth and washed he old make-up off. Then taking he make-up bag out of her luggage, she began to reapply fresh make-up. Taking the brush, she ran it thru her hair until it was smooth. She stood back from the mirror to see how she looked. She looked awesome! 

She was sort of nervous, so she decided to have a drink to relax before she went to meet Robert for dinner. So, she grabbed her clutch purse and keys. She locked the door and walked down the hall to the elevator. Once on the basement floor, she walked over to the bar and sat down. She ordered a Jim Beam and coke. She drank her drink slow as she puffed on her cigarette. 

Finally, it was time to go to the lobby to meet Robert. She walked into the lobby and he stood up against the wall. Her eyes meet his and she could feel him staring back at her. He looked very handsome. He had on his tight wranglers, blue denim shirt, cowboy boots and Stetson hat. She could not take her eyes off of him. She slowly walked toward him. 

“You look beautiful Marie!” he said as he kissed her on the cheek.

“ You look mighty fine yourself Robert!” she said softly.

“Do you want to eat here or go out for dinner?” He said as he took hold of her elbow. 

“Here will be fine. Then if we decide to drink then no one will have to worry about driving.” She said as she winked at him.

They walked to the restaurant. They waited for the waiter to seat them in the smoking section of the restaurant. The table was back in the corner and the bench was in a horseshoe shape. She slides in first as he followed her. They looked at the menu in silences. 

After their waitress took their order, they sat getting to know each other. She could not keep her eyes off of him. He was so strong and handsome. She could tell that he was very solid muscular because of the way the bulged under his shirt. She ran her hand over his soft arm as she talked. 

He keeps his eyes on her silky looking face. He brown eyes danced as he watched her talk about her life at home. He could tell that she was a very strong willed woman. She was polite in everyway but she also had a stern strike in her. He could tell that she demanded respect.

After they finished their dinner, they went to the bar in the lodge. They choose a very quiet place back to themselves. He ordered her a mixed drink and himself a beer. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders. He ran his fingertips across her shoulder and down over her arms.

When a nice slow song came on they went out to the dance floor. He wrapped his arms around her waist. She wrapped hers around his neck. They danced so slowly as they gazed into each other’s eyes. She felt his hands slipping down to her ass. And, he tilted her head back and bent in to kiss her lips softly. 

They went back to their little corner and sat down. She ran her fingers up across his thigh. He could feel his heart racing as she looked into his eyes. She spoke in a nice calm even voice. “How about we go up to my room where we can get to know each other a little bit better?”

Only if this is what you really and truly want.” He spoke in a husky voice.

“Yes, I want to be alone with you so I can get to know you better.” She said.

He paid their bill. Then wrapping his arm around her shoulder they walked out to the elevator. As they stepped on the elevator she pushed third floor. They snuggle in the back corner of the elevator. She pressed her back slightly against his stomach. She felt his hand slide across her ass and around to the front of her waist. The elevator jolted to a stop on the third floor. They stepped out and walked down the hall to her room.

She unlocked the door and tossed her keys and clutch purse on the chair. She turned to him and wrapped her arms around his neck. She began kissing him so passionately. She shut the door with her foot and reached to lock it as her other hand wondered down his back. He began to kiss back slipping his tongue in and out of her mouth, as he ran his hands along her cheekbones. 

He mumbled, “lets move toward the bed, and I will show you a good time. That is if you wish to have it?” 

He picked her up and walked toward the bed. He placed her on the bed as he reached for her shoes. He took them off along with her socks. After sitting, on the each of the bed, he removed his cowboy boots and socks. Then he lay down beside her. He looked deep in her eyes, as he kissed her softly along her cheekbone. He moved slowly across to her ears. She flinched at the touch and shivers ran down he back 

“I think I found a turn on spot.” He whispered in her ear.

“Mmmmmmmhmmmmm, you sure did.” She said as shivers ran down her body. 

Taking his fingertips he ran it across her lips, down her chin and to the top button of her blouse. He unbuttoned it as he continued kissing and sucking on her ears and neck. After unbuttoning the last button, he slipped the blouse over her shoulders as she voluntarily pulled her arms out. He looked at her lying there in her white lace bra. He leaned in and started unfastening her bra with his teeth. He nibbled at her cleavage as he went. 

He sat back on his heels and admired her big breast still in the cups of her bra. Then taking his teeth he pulled the left cup off and ran his tongue across her nipple. He flicked his tongue across it a couple times before he continued to take her bra off her left shoulder. 

He took his teeth and pulled off the bra over her right cup. Again he flicked his tongue across the nipple a few times before removing the bra completely. Taking his hand he took her left tit in it and squeezed it. He pinched the nipple on it as he sucks the right tit. He sucked the nipple until it was rock solid. Then he switched to the left tit and sucked it hard. 

Sliding his tongue down her stomach until he reached her belly button, he continued to play with her tits with his massive hands. He flicked his tongue across her belly button before running it in and out. She squirmed as he played with her breast and belly button. 

“What’s wrong hun? Have I got you wet yet?” he moaned as he continued to her waist ban.

Grabbing at his hair, she said, “Yessssssssssssssss, and I want to see what else you have to offer.”

He unfastened and unzipped her jeans. Then he pulled them down over her hips and long legs. He kissed her feet and worked his way up her right leg. He got to her mound and he flicked his tongue across her panties. She flinched. He knew he had her aroused then. Taking his teeth he pulled her panties down over her legs, in the same manner he kissed and licked her left leg until he came to her mound.

He spread her legs. Taking his tongue he licked the outside edge of her pussy lips. He flicked his tongue across it a couple times. Then taking his fingers he spread her lips and flicked his tongue across her clit. He nibbled on it. Then he darted his tongue in and out of her pussy. With each thrust his tongue went deeper into her pussy. She was so wet that his tongue slides in and out smoothly. He continued to nibble and flick her clit with every chance he could. He felt her pussy walls tightening on his tongue. He stroked his tongue in and out faster. Her body began to tense up as she began to shack uncontrollably. He felt her cum all over his tongue. He lapped every drop of it up before flicking his tongue one last time across her clit.

“Yesssssssssssssssssss, Robert yesssssssssssssssssssss!” she screamed.

He unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off so that his bare chest showed. She reached up and ran her hand thru his chest hair and around his belly button. Then she unfastened his jeans and released the zipper. She pulled them over his hips. He rolled over and slides them on off as she ran her hand over his cock. She rubbed it several times before she pulled down his boxers. She felt it hardening with each touch of her fingers. 

She straddles him, as she kissed him on his lips and down his neck. She moved on down his stomach, nibbling and kissing as she went. As she got to his cock she swirled her tongue around the tip. Taking his balls in her hands, she began to rub and massage them. She twirled her tongue around it several more times before she cupped her lips over it. She went down slow at first. Then she went down hard and fast several times as she grabbed his ass and pulled his cock deep in her throat. She bobbed her head up and down, faster and harder. He teeth racked across the tip as she sucks on it. 

He grabbed her head and pushed her down on his cock. He was moaning and screaming as she sucked hard. She could feel his cock swelling more and more with each thrust of her mouth. She sucked hard as she rammed her fingers deep in is asshole. He let out a moan. She went down one last time as she felt the cum ooze down her throat. She lick every drop of the cum off of his cock. 

“Damn Maria, I have not had a blow job in so long and you damn well know how to give one hell of one.” He moaned as he looked at her.

“Well, thank you so very much.” She said as she ran her hand over his chest.

She lay down beside him. He slips his fingertips over her nipples and pinched them lightly. Taking his mouth, he slips it over her massive hard tit and sucks on it and then switches to the other one. He rolls her over on her side and slides his cock in from behind. Slowly he pumps his cock in and out. With each stroke he thrust it further and deeper. He runs his hands across her stomach. Then taking his fingers he slides two of them in beside his cock and pushes on her love button. 

He pumps deeper and harder. Thrusting faster and harder as he pinches on the love button. Then taking his other hand he slides two fingers in her asshole. He fucks her harder and harder. Each time he stokes her pussy, he shoves his fingers deeper into her asshole and plays with her love button. He feels her body tensing up as he starts to pull out. With a very fast swift move he rams his cock deep insider her pussy and releases his cum as she begins to shake from the orgasm. 

“Roberttttttttttttttttttttttt, oh my gosh, Robert.” She screamed. 

He lay with his cock in her pussy and fingers still in place until he feels her body starting to relax. Then he slowly pulls his fingers out of her pussy and ass. Lying with his cock still in her pussy. He nibbles on her neck and earlobes. After a while they fall asleep in each other’s arms.

The next morning they awoke, he was sitting up on the edge of the bed. She just looked at him with a smile on her face. She felt like she was in heaven. He smiled back at her as he looked at her beautiful sexy body. 

“Babe, I want to make love to you one last time at least before I have to head home.” She spoke softly.

“I want to make love to you in that tub in the bath room.” He said as he motioned to the bathroom. 

He pulled her up off the bed. He wrapped his arm around her and picked her up. He carried her into the bathroom. She was shocked when she saw all the candles lights and the bubble bath waiting for them. He sits her down in the tub so very gently. Then he stepped in behind her. 

He started kissing her on the neck. As he wrapped his hand around and played with her breast. He ran his hands down along her stomach until he felt her pussy. He continued to play with her pussy, teasing it with his fingertips until she was wet. 

She turned to face him. She wrapped her legs around him, as she slides down on his rock hard cock. She began rocking back and forth on him as she kissed him passionately. She rocked faster so that she could feel his cock sliding deeper into her. She rubbed her breast against his chest teasing him with the hard soft nipples. 

“Mmmmmmmmhmmmmmm, you know how to turn a man on there Miss Maria!” he whispered in her ear.

“That is because you are so damn good at turning this woman on.” She laughed as she rode faster on his cock.

The faster she rode the harder his cock got and the farther it slide in her pussy. She arched her back as she rode so that he breast was in his face. He suck on her left tit and played with her right one with his hand. Then he switched off as she rode faster and deeper on his cock. He felt her pussy tensing up as she rode him. Her body began to shake as he thrust his cock deep inside her. 

“Robert, I am cuminnnnnnnnnnnn, oh my, yes oh my.” She screamed as she collapsed on his lap.

Finally, after a little while they stepped of the tub. He handed her a towel to dry off with as he watched on. He picked up his towel and dried off. Then they walked into the other room to get dressed. 

After they dressed, he said, “you look awesome and don’t you forget that. You are so damn sexy. And I wish this time didn’t have to end. But we will keep in touch and see what happens. So please can I have you phone number and address.”

She wrote it on a piece of paper and handed it to him. “Thanks for the very good time. I think you are awesome and you have given me so much self confidence.” 

Then he walked her to the elevator and turned to go to his room to get the rest of his belongings. She checked out and walked to her truck. She left a message on his windows. “Thanks for the good time. Please do call. I look forward to hearing from you.”