 Two weeks had passed since I had seen that man in the hallway. I wondered if he had been back since or if he had stayed that weekend. I wondered if he was with one of the other girls or if he had decided not to become a member. I was obsessing over a man I had only seen for half a second. I wanted him so badly. I had been closing my eyes with other men and pretending they were him. I wondered what his fantasies were. I needed this man. 

I was sitting in the dining hall with one of my regular clients, Lewis Carlton. After a client had requested us a couple of times and if they asked, the girls would stay with them in their rooms instead of going to the "den." Lewis had been coming to me for a few months now and always asked that I attend dinner with he and his business partners. They were all young and handsome enough. Tonight there was only one though. The girls were always given specific orders on how to behave in front of our client's associates. Some wanted us to dote on them, some wanted us to flirt with the others, some wanted us to be very slutty, and others wanted us to be reserved and quiet. Lewis liked me to dote on him like he was the only man in the world. I would nibble his earlobe and tell him that I was wet.. He liked to feel that he was in charge all the time. He would take me fast and hard in one of the bedrooms and then get on the phone to talk business. I would lie in bed and beg for more so he felt superior. I'm pretty sure his wife hated him too. 

I almost felt bad that his business partner had requested me right before dinner. Lewis and I had had dinner with this man, Robert, last week too. He had stared at me all night, and undressed me with his eyes. At the end of our last dinner together he cornered me near the bathrooms. He had pushed me against the wall and fingered me while he whispered that he knew this is what I really wanted. I came hard on his fingers. I pictured him as the man in the hallway. He almost looked like him but there was something missing. On his questionnaire he had requested "Lewis' girl" and had left the description section blank. I knew he wanted to feel like I was cheating on Lewis with him. I had gone to management with my little predicament and they had shrugged their shoulders and instructed me not to get caught. 

I met Robert in his room before dinner and he had treated the situation like an affair. He asked things like if Lewis knew where I was and if I thought we would get caught. I really didn't care I just wanted him to take me like he did near the bathrooms to remind me of my mystery man. 

"I really should go, I don't want to be late for dinner. Lewis doesn't like it when I'm away," I said hoping to get what I wanted from him. 

"You're right, we should go before he knows something is up," he said as he motioned me to the door. He led me to the elevator and I thought great this is how I am going to get caught. What was he thinking? When we got into the elevator he stood behind me like he didn't know me. 

"When we get out of the elevator, maybe you should wait at the bar for a bit so it doesn't look like we came together," I said. He took a few steps toward me so he was pressing against me. He wrapped his hands around my waist and kissed my neck. Shit, I thought. I am going to get caught and Lewis is going to demand that I am fired. It did feel really good though I had been with Lewis all week and he was not giving me what I needed. Robert raised my dress up and rubbed two fingers along my panties. He hit a button on the elevator and I felt it come to a halt. I moaned as his fingers circled my clit. He pulled my panties to the side and slid a finger into my dripping pussy. I moaned and started to grind on his hand. He was going to make me cum. Suddenly he jerked his finger away and pushed me so my hands were against the wall and my ass was still pressed against his cock. He kicked my legs further apart and lifted up the back of my dress. He hooked his fingers into my panties and slowly pulled them down my legs. I stepped out of them without being told and arched my back anticipating his fingers again. When I didn't feel them, I turned around. He stuck my panties into his pocket and smiled at me. 

He leaned closer and whispered into my ear as he hit another button on the control panel. "I'll be thinking about how wet I left you, the whole dinner."

Now Robert was sitting across the table from Lewis and I, with his date for the evening. Her name was Brittany and she was really cute. She was younger than me, probably 19. She wore a similar dress as mine, really short with a neck that dropped all the way to our stomachs. She wasn't wearing a bra either and the tits one of her clients had bought her looked amazing. I had gone to the bathroom with her and explained the situation. I told her to flirt with him during dinner, to be really slutty and rub his cock to make me look jealous. She told me this would be interesting and she was excited about it. 

As we sat at dinner I nibbled on Lewis' earlobe and looked at Robert as I did it. I'd whisper in Lewis' ear that I was dripping wet but I was talking to Robert as I said it. The men talked business but neither one seemed very interested. Lewis was pounding glass after glass of scotch. There was a weird power play going on that neither Brittany nor I understood. They both liked each other to see how bad we wanted them. They wanted each other to get a glimpse of what we would be doing when we parted from dinner. Robert looked at me as Brittany rubbed his cock. I was starting to feel jealous and I think Lewis was starting to notice Robert staring at me. I reached under the table and grabbed Lewis' cock, he could get me fired not Robert. His cock was hard. He fucking loved this. He loved that he thought Robert couldn't have me. But the more drunk Lewis got, the more flirty I got with Robert. I would look up at him while sucked on my straw and adjust my dress giving him a better view of my tits.

Lewis leaned over and whispered into my ear, "have her meet us in the room tonight," my eyes shot over to Brittany and widened. She saw my look of panic and so did Robert. He quickly stiffened up and looked really angry. This was spinning out of control and now we could both be fired if Robert was the type of guy to throw at fit.  

Brittany chugged her drink and raised the empty glass in the air.

"Ahhh! Lets get some more drinks over here!" She was loud and giggly. Smart girl I thought. Lewis was on the verge of being drunk and being really drunk, she was about to push him over. 

A few shots later and Lewis was sloppy. Brittany had texted me under the table to say she had already told Robert that she was going to help me get him upstairs and that I would meet him in his room. 

Robert said his goodbyes and headed upstairs. Brittany and I got Lewis upstairs and into the room with only a few reprimanding looks from management for letting him get so drunk. 

Robert was still a little lucid which meant we still needed to keep him happy. He sat on the edge of the bed and swayed as he stared at us. Brittany and I stared back for a minute seeing if he would fall over and pass out. He didn't. 

I smiled at him and walked behind Brittany. I traced the neck of her dress up and down running my fingers down her big tits. I pulled her dress back on each side revealing her tits to him. I squeezed both of them lightly and she moaned for him.

"Is this what you had in mind baby?" I asked Lewis. He nodded his head yes and look off his pants. As I continued to play with her tits I whispered in her ear that this needed to go faster. Lewis was jerking his cock quickly. Brittany walked over and kneeled down in front of him. "Let me help you with that, baby." She said as she took hold of his cock and jerked her head to motion me toward him. I stood on the side of her and took my tits out for him. 

"You're a naught boy for making me watch Brittany play with your cock." I said to him.

"Is it because you like my tities better?' Brittany asked as she smiled up at me and winked. Lewis didn't even know what was going on. 

"Brittany is such a good cock sucker. She loves it when you cum in her mouth." I accidently laughed and she gave me smile as she mouthed what-the-fuck. 

"Ya suck it slut," Lewis slurred. Brittany snarled at me and continued to pump his cock. He wasn't even hard. Just then Lewis swayed back and fell onto the bed. Brittany looked at me excited and slowed down a bit. 

"Baby?" I asked. Lewis started snoring 

"You're the best thank you so much!" I said to Brittany. She smiled back at me and we both straightened our dresses and said goodnight. 

Robert was only two doors down. I knocked on the door and he smiled as he let me in. I sauntered over to him and said, "for a second there I was afraid I wouldn't get to see you tonight. "

"I was too," he responded as he pulled me into him. 

"You know, Lewis saw you staring at me," I said.

Robert pulled the back of my dress up and squeezed my ass, "good, I bet he thought you were just a cock-tease, but you're not are you?" He asked and then answered his own question. "No. You're already wet, thinking about me sliding my cock into you aren't you." I stepped away from him before he proved himself right. I wanted to be in charge now. I wanted to show him I could just be a cock-tease, if this wasn't just his fantasy. 

"I saw what Brittany was doing tonight at dinner. Did she make your cock hard?" I asked. He pulled me close again pressing his hard cock against me. He smiled and nodded his head yes. I raised my eyebrow and placed my hand on his bulge. I began to rub it as I looked up at him.

"Like this?" I taunted

"No she did it better," he smiled at me and cupped my ass. I pushed him away and headed to the door.

"I'll have management send her up." I smiled at him and continued to head to the door. "Goodnight Robert." I said as I neared the exit. 

He ran up behind me and grabbed me from behind. He pulled me close to him and dangled my panties in front of me. "You forgot something," he joked. I wiggled against him trying to break free. He just grabbed on to me tighter. I could feel him getting harder and so I fought harder. He was making me so wet. He stuck his hand beneath my shirt and grasped my tits as I fought him. I accidently moaned and Robert pushed me against the wall. I held my hands out to steady myself and he slid his hands up my thighs as he lightly bit my shoulder. I arched my back and stuck my ass out for him. He stuck two fingers into my pussy and growled into my ear. He began to thrust against me. He practically ripped his pants off and spun me around. I pulled my dress away from my tits and leaned back against the wall. Robert picked me up and slowly slid his cock into me. 

"Ugghh! Oh fuck ya!" I moaned loudly. 

"Tell me this is what you need. Tell me Lewis can't give it to you like I can." Robert was so strong. He held my waist and slid me up and down on his cock. 

"Yes baby! This is what I wanted all night!" I really did need it and Robert was so good. He filled me up and I felt my orgasm coming. He carried me to the bed and sat down. 

"Ride me," he commanded. I happily complied. I held onto the back of his neck and with my tits in his face I thrust my pussy back and forth and then up and down on his cock.

He grabbed my hips and moved me faster. I was about to cum. He picked me up and threw me on the bed. He grabbed my ankles and pulled me to the edge. He pushed back into me hard and started to fuck me. 

"Cum on my cock." He was forceful now and a little too determined. I arched my back and trust my pussy up and down on his cock until I came. He pushed me further up the bed and slammed into me hard. He grunted and I could feel him cum inside me. 

I got up and walked to the bathroom. "Where are you going?" he asked 

"To shower really quick, if that's ok?" I asked. 

"Don't. Go back to Lewis' room." He smiled at me. He wanted me to sleep next to Lewis filled with his cum. I wasn't going to. I was going back to my room to clean up and then go get a drink. I fixed myself up a bit and left him lying on the bed, delighting in the fact that he had made his business partner's whore cum. 

This one, was a complicated one and I was still left unfulfilled, thinking about my mystery man. At least it was Saturday and all the men would be going home to their wives tomorrow. 

It was still early, midnight maybe. I had gone back to my room and showered. I re-applied my make-up and headed to the bar in the lobby. Most of the men will have found a girl by now and I can relax and unwind after a stressful day. 

I walked into the bar and there he was, my mystery man. Cindy was walking away from him, it looked like they had been talking. I sat down at the bar next to him. He was more tan than he was when I saw him before. When he saw me he smiled like he was happy to see me. 

"Did you have a nice weekend?" I asked as my heart was pounding.

"No," he said as he smiled and took a sip of his drink. 

"No?" I was a little confused. All the men at Willow Creek have a nice time here. 

He laughed a little; it was so incredibly sexy, "No. I mean I've only been up for the day. I had a few rounds of golf with some clients." 

"Oh well that's a shame," I was trying to be sexy but I couldn't help smile at him. I ordered my drink. 

"I'm Dean," he said as he shook my hand. I let my hand slide against his as we let go and I introduced myself. 

"Mr. Montgomery your car has arrived, sir." Tony the doorman was motioning Dean to the door. 

I started to panic a little. "Will you be back next weekend?" I asked trying to sound like I wouldn't be disappointed if he said no.

"Yes I have a meeting here on Friday night," he said it like he knew it was driving me crazy.

"Oh with Cindy?" I asked. He looked at me a bit puzzled and then he smiled. 

"Oh, no, a business meeting with some clients. Maybe I will see you then." I smiled and he left. Before he got into the car he turned to look at me. I had to check his file.