 To the Reader: This is the fourth chapter in a series. You will probably want to read the previous chapters to get a feel for the characters. Please feel free to leave any comments about the story and be sure to vote.

A special thanks to Angel for her liberal use of "The Red Pen".

*

Exploring the bathroom

As I push your short and panties to the floor, I see the towel that was holding open the bathroom door. After pulling up the towel away, allowing the door to shut, I notice your tight ass in front of me. I give it a few kisses.

"I can't believe I got so turned on by watching your Charlie fucking my Carol. It was obviously not their first time together." you marvel.

I couldn't believe we had just watched our kids get it on just 6 feet from us without them knowing. I also couldn't believe I was in the bathroom of my cabin on this sailboat, half naked, with my son's girlfriend's mother.

"What turned you on the most? Her aggressiveness? The expression on her face when she was giving him the blow job and fingering herself?" I whispered.

"Actually, it was the expression of pure pleasure on his and her face when he entered her from behind. And then seeing him cover her back with his cum." you giggle.

I let my hands crawl up your side while I stand up. There isn't much room in our cabin's bathroom, so I'm pressed tight against you. With my hands cupping your breasts, pulling you tight against me, I whisper, "Maybe I should take you right here, entering your tight pussy from behind". I add a little grind against your ass for emphasis.

"Hmmm" you moan.

With the door closed, it is dark inside the tight compartment, only the night light illuminating your face. I reach over to lock the door before reaching into my pocket to retrieve the condom I'd put in there earlier. I hand it to you saying, "Would you like the honors?"

"You mean in here?" you ask inquisitively before a grin comes to your face. 

"There is no time like the present, and then I can wash you off in the shower unless you want to be like Carol and have cum sticking to your back during dinner" I chuckle.

You turn around, pulling my shirt up and over my head. I then feel you unbuttoning my shorts before pushing them and my briefs to the floor. While you are kneeling, you feel my cock bouncing against the side of your face. You grab it with the right hand and give it a few licks.

You hear me moan in pleasure as my fingers begin running through your hair. "Get the rubber on so I can fuck that sweet pussy of yours." I plead. 

"Yes Sir!" you giggle while you rip open the package with your teeth. My hands meanwhile are caressing your breast and pulling gently on your nipples.

You fumble a bit in your haste to get the rubber on. "OK. Now I want you to fuck me hard. I am so hot for you." you breathe as you turn around. With your hands on the sink, I feel you thrust your ass out to me. Soon I feel you reaching between your legs, guiding me to your velvety channel. You try to push back, but I hold you away, instead ever so slowly I enter you. After an inch, I begin pulling out only to hear you whimper "No.".

I press back in, a little bit further before pulling out again. "Terry, stop teasing me!" you squirm.

I grab your hips and press all the way into you. "Yes!" you scream, a little shudder flows over your body. I hold you there, feeling your tight pussy contracting around me. My hands slide up till I'm cupping your breast.

"Hands on the counter" I command. While staying inside you, I reach over to turn on the light. You blink as your eyes adjust and I comment, "I wanted to see your sexy body while I fuck you."

"Gawd this feels good. Give it to me fast and deep." you plead.

I grab your hips and begin moving faster and harder. We both begin panting as our passion grows. The tight space prevents the air conditioning from keeping up. Our bodies are sweating as our thighs slap together.

I let a hand reach around to rub your slippery clit. You jump at my touch and then begin moaning from the waves of pleasure.

"I'm so close, fuck me harder. Cum all over my back and make me your slut" you giggle while you look up at me through the mirror.

I increase my pace, feeling your muscles tighten around me. I can barely hold it. I have to pull out, jerking the rubber off so I can spray your back with my hot cream. You have a look of pure ecstasy as you watch me explode. You gaze at me in amazement as cum lands on your ass.

My fingers reach around to grab your breast in one hand and your clit between my fingers. This sets off a massive orgasm that wracks your body. You let out a guttural scream of pure lust as your body shakes.

After you've recovered, I see you reach back to massage the sticky cream onto your ass. "I like knowing you came on my back Terry. It makes me feel so wanton."

I reach behind myself to turn on the hot water in the shower. I then grab your hand and place it on my semi-limp cock. "Ready for round two?" I ask.

The Shower

You begin stroking my dick as we step into the shower. "We will have to see if you are up to the task." you grin.

The warm water feels good against our skin. I grab the gel the ship provided us and pour some out onto your shoulders. I let it dribble across your chest.

"Turn around please." I ask.

My hands begin rubbing your shoulders, slowly moving down your back. I look down and see the suds sliding over your tight ass. The slap on your butt startles and excites you before I begin kneading your cheeks. My hands then glide along your hipbones allowing me to begin washing your stomach. It is then I notice how firm and flat your abs are. "Hmm, I like the feel of this" I murmur into your ear while I pull my body tight against your back. You wiggle your ass against me, feeling my cock stiffen. My hands continue to move over the front of your body. You lean your head back against my shoulder, turning your mouth towards mine as my hand wrap gently around your breasts. They aren't big, just a perfect handful. The soap allows my fingers to caress your skin and scintillate stimulate your nipples. You open your mouth inviting a kiss which I happily return.

You reach around to begin caressing my now hard cock. "Hmm, looks who's getting a second wind" you giggle. Your body turns to face me before you hold out your other hand. "Gel please"

With a squirt of the gel in your hand, you spread your fingers over my chest. Our lips lock again. Our tongues are soon dancing passionately. I feel your fingers begin pulling on my nipple. The feelings were very new and exciting. You feel me pulse in your other hand.

"Hhmm, you like than don't you" you ask with a snicker.

"I'm liking a lot of things you are doing right now" I reply.

You turn me around so the water rinses off my chest. More gel in your hand is then on my back. Your fingers follow the muscles along my spine before grabbing my cheeks. "I like the way you take care of your body. Makes me think you will have lots of stamina." you chuckle before reaching around to stroke me, "Yyes, lots of stamina."

"Turn around" you ask.

As I turn I feel you slide down my body. "Is class in session?" you ask before taking me in your mouth.

"Yes it is. And your first lesson is that there is more than just sucking on a cock" I choke. "Use your hand to gently caress my sack. Let my balls slowly roll in your hand. Gently squeeze them occasionally. Feel their weight." I quietly suggest.

The feelings flowing through me are wonderful. You are a quick study. I look down and see the concentration on your face. Gazing around your hands and face, I watch the water streaming over your breast and dipping from your aroused nipples. You sense I'm watching you and look up at me. The lust and passion in your eyes excite me even more.

"You feel so great Ellen. You want to find the guys "G" spot?" I ask.

You bob your head yes with my cock still in your mouth.

"With a finger of your left hand, reach right behind my sack, but in front of my rosebud. You'll feel a muscle there. Massage it gently and you'll drive me crazy." I murmur.

You move your finger as I instructed. "A little softer to begin with. You'll feel the muscle harden just before I blow." I look down to see the grin on your face.

"Do you like to swallow?" I inquire.

You release my cock from your mouth, still rubbing up and down with your hand, and say, "Remember, John doesn't let me do this. It's been a long time since I've tasted a guys cum. I'd like to taste it now, but I'd also like to be 'Your little slut' and feel your sticky cum on my breasts all night" you giggle, imitating your daughter's earlier comment.

"Keep this up and you won't have long to wait" I purr. I reach down, gently grabbing your head and pushing your mouth back towards my member.

You increase your effort, massaging my "G" spot, bobbing your head while sucking hard, and still stroking the base. Your pace quickens as you feel me expanding inside your mouth.

"I'm close Ellen" I pant. You turn me so I'm now in the water and you aren't.

Your head begins moving even faster. I scream out in ecstasy and explode inside your mouth. You take the first squirt, then pull my out, aiming the next shots on your lovely tits. I watch as the sticky white cream adheres to your breast.

As I finish, you take me back into your mouth to suck the last drop. Meanwhile, your hand is massaging my jiz into your skin. "Hmmm" you moan around my cock.

You quickly stand up, making sure to stay out of the spray. "You tasted great Terry. I know I want to enjoy that again, soon" you add with a sparkle in your eye.

You reach around to turn off the water and say, "I think I better get back to my room to get dressed for dinner. But I'll make sure not to wipe this off."

"Does that excite you? Knowing your cum is on my tits. I don't know what I'll do during dinner knowing you are on me like that and that I was your little slut this afternoon"

"Yes it excites me Ellen. But who said you are my little slut ONLY this afternoon. I want to you wear that dress you did last night. The one that shows off your ass so nicely, only I want you to go 'Commando'" I add.

"Commando? What does that mean" you ask with a slightly fearful look on your face.

"Well, you've heard that Navy Seals never wear underwear" I smile mischievously. It is obvious from the change in your expression when you comprehend what I just told you to do. 

"I think that can be arranged if that is what you want your little slut to do." you giggle.

We quickly dry off and you grab my bathrobe for the quick walk to your cabin.