 April 2008

Authors Note: This is a continuation of "The Windjammer -- Chapter 1". The reader may want to read it first in order to understand the characters.

*

Dinner in San Juan

The kids and I enter our room at the hotel. They are excited to see the view out on our balcony. Our room overlooks the ocean and the beach.

"Dad? Carol, Linda and I want to go exploring downtown. If we stay as a group, would that be OK?" Charlie asks.

"As long as you stay as a group, it's fine with me. Why not find us a place to have dinner tonight. I'm starved. And remember, we are meeting down in the lobby at 6:30." I reply.

"OK, we will meet you there. What are you going to do?" he asks.

"I think I'll just take a quick shower and relax a bit. See you at 6:30, and I don't want to hear that you and Carol tried to loose Linda."

"Would we do that?" he asks with a grin on his face.

"Get out of here, and be good"

The breeze coming in the window reminded me I was on vacation in the Caribbean. The sea air was very refreshing.

During my shower, I kept having flashbacks of Ellen reaching up for a pillow and blanket on the plane this morning. The way the blouse hugged her body was very erotic. I was instantly hard again. My hand quickly reached down, allowing me to relieve the tension that had been building all day. A quick nap afterwards is rejuvenating.

I dress in slacks and a loose linen shirt. As I walk down to the lobby, I wonder how the evening will be? Will Ellen cause me to be frustrated again. I know you haven't really flirted, but I find myself thinking about you more and more.

The kids are already in the lobby waiting for us. Charley comes up to me to let me know we have reservations for 6:45 at a place down the block. The girls tell me about a club they found down the block that they want to go visit tonight after dinner.

In the middle of telling me about the club, Carol's eyes got real wide. "Mom?" 

We all looked where Carol's gaze was directed. There stood Ellen, looking very different from the "conservative Mom" you had earlier. I'm sure my jaw dropped.

You were wearing a light blue paisley dress that has spaghetti straps and ends about 3 inches above you tan legs. The top is cut square across allowing me to see the tops of you tan breasts. The waist is cinched, accentuating your shapely figure. You are wearing very simple sandals' with a 2 inch heal. Ellen's hair is brushed back and held with a clip and there is just a hint more make up than earlier. Most surprising of all was the fact that you aren't wearing a bra. Evidently there was a cool breeze in the elevator on you way down.

"Mom, I can't believe you're dressed like that." Carol exclaimed.

"Carol, I'm on vacation. Your father isn't here to get uptight about it. Are you wanting this vacations to be ultra conservative for everybody?" Ellen replied, shifting her glance between Carol and Charlie, who were holding hands.

You then turned towards me and asked, "Terry, do you find this too outlandish?"

"At the risk of upsetting Carol, I think you look fantastic. I'll feel proud getting the glares from the other guys we pass. Let them think I'm your husband." I replied while looking you in the eye.

"Dad, you shouldn't encourage Mrs. B like that." my daughter exclaimed.

"Charlie, why not lead the way to dinner. We don't want to miss our reservation". I then hold out both my elbows, one for Linda and one for Ellen. Linda ignores me and runs to grab hold of her brothers other elbow.

"Do you think this is too daring?" Ellen whispers too me.

I glance at you, taking in your sexy looks from head to toe and reply, "Depends on how you feel in it? I wasn't kidding about how fantastic you look." Then I whisper, more to myself than anyone else, "but seeing you like that is making walking a little difficult".

You obviously heard what I said because you squeeze my arm, allowing your breast to press against me and say, "Thanks, a lady likes to know you can still have an effect like that now and then. Lord knows Jeff hasn't noticed that lately."

Dinner was delightful. Ellen sat on the other side of the table. This gave me the opportunity to talk with you easily. The kids were anxious to visit the dance club they had seen earlier.

"Dad, do you mind seeing that Mrs. B. gets back to the hotel? Linda, Carol and I want to head down the block to the dance club we saw earlier. What time do we have to be back?" Charlie asked.

"If Ellen doesn't mind, I'd be honored to escort her back. We might even stop at the Jazz club we walked by on our way here. We are leaving for the cruise at 1pm. You guys are all over 21. You are responsible for yourselves. I will be having breakfast at 10am and expect you three to make an appearance by then. So use your best judgment." I tell them.

"Aw Dad, I hate it when you tell us to use our best judgment. Then we have to guess what time you think is right." Linda whines.

I just grin and see Ellen wink at me. The kids quickly take off before I do set a time for them. 

After paying the bill, Ellen and I begin walking along the road. "Terry, I really liked how you handled that. Jeff would have set some arbitrary time and that would be that. You seem to enjoy being with your kids, but giving them the space they need."

"Thank you. You and Carol seem to get along ok." I replied.

The Beachside Entertainment

We continued walking in silence for a block before Ellen asked, "Terry, did you know I really like Jazz when you said that to the kids?"

I laugh before replying, "No I didn't, but I love jazz too. And, to be honest, I wanted get some more glares from those guys who are jealous, thinking I'm the lucky one taking you to bed tonight" I flirt.

You turn a deep shade of red before putting your arm through mine. "I think I'm going to enjoy this week Terry. You are such a flirt, and You've already boosted my self esteem more than Jeff has in the last 10 year. Thanks."

"The Blue Lagoon" is an open air bar with a thatched roof, tikki torches and the sea breeze. "What would you like a drink?" I asked Ellen. I was momentarily distracted and had to ask you what you had said a second time. You has just taken a seat, crossing you legs, causing you flimsy dress to ride high on you thighs. The gentle wind from the ocean was caused your nipples to become very prominent.

You grab the drink menu and looks through it diligently until you spot a picture of the drink a lady at the next table over is having. "I'd like to try an Appletini" you respond.

I go up to the bar to order you an Appletini, and my Bushmills with a diet coke. I'm surprised at how much apple Vodka goes into the drink and wonder what effect it will have on you. I know you had two Bloody Mary's while on the plane and we both had a large glass of wine with dinner.

When I return to the table, I see your sandals are on the deck in front of you and you are tapping your toes in rhythm with the music. When I hand you your drink, I watch in amazement as you take a big gulp.

Just as I'm about to sit down, you set down your drink and grab my hand, leading me to the dance floor. It's a fast song, and I enjoy watching you as you move to the music. Your dress flares out at the bottom in a very sexy way. Two songs later, the little quartet slows it down. You step right next to me like we'd been dancing for years. You lift your arms around my neck. I feel the heat of your body against me, your firm breasts pressing into my stomach. I smell your clean hair as it brushes against my chin. Holding you like this is very exciting. I wonder if you can feel my arousal between us. It takes all my self control to keep from letting my hands wander over you body.

When we return to our table, you quickly downed the rest of your drink. "What are you drinking?" you ask.

I watch as you walk to the bar, swearing you are wiggling your hips more than usual. Then I wonder if you are flirting or have had too much to drink. I glance around to see a number of other guys and gals checking you out.

"They ran out of glass glasses, so we have to settle with plastic" you inform me before plopping down in my lap. You then lean over and whisper, "Do you think those guys are jealous now?" 

I chuckle before replying, "Yes, I'm sure they are, and from the looks of it, there might be a few jealous ladies too".

You drape your arm around my shoulder. This gives me a birds eye view of your thinly veiled breasts. After taking a drink, I let my hand "slip" onto your knee. You jump and giggle, "You're just trying to get me chilled with those cold hands of yours so my nipples get hard." I can tell you are feeling no pain at this point.

"No Ellen, I wasn't trying to do that. My intentions are honorable. Besides, I'd noticed that your nipples were already hard" I say before blowing warm air in their direction. "Does that help?"

"If I didn't know better (and I don't) I'd think you are trying to get me drunk so you can have your way with me." you slur.

A walk on the Beach 

The band takes a break, so I suggest we take a walk on the beach. You grab your sandals and we grab our drinks and off we go, out the back way to the beach.

As we walk along, I wonder where this week will lead. I find you very attractive and enjoy being around you. Will anything sexual happen between us? What will our kids think if it does? Will they tell our spouses if they do find out? 

You tell me to hold out my hand and then hang your sandals on my finger and put your drink in my hand. I then watch as you lift your dress a little higher and start running down the beach towards the water. You frolic in the foam up to your knees. You lift your dress higher, unaware that in doing so I see the black lace panties you are wearing. I follow you as you move down the surf towards our hotel. After awhile, you come out of the water and retrieve your drink. You take a big sip. You then lean up against me and give me a big wet kiss on my cheek. "Thank you for allowing me to come along. I've really needed some time away from home; to unwind, to think about things."

We continue walking down the beach, each of us silent and in our own little world. With the alcohol for courage I take the first step over the line. I reach out to take your hand in mine. You look up at me with a questioning look, as though asking "is this real?" But then your smile begins to radiate and I know I made the right decision.

A few steps later, you stop and turn to me and ask, "Terry, have you heard the saying, "What happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas"? I nod yes. "How do you feel about making a new saying, "What happens on vacation stays on the vacation?"

"Ellen, I met you five years ago at the Speech tournament and since then, I've thought about you a lot. I think I was more disappointed when Charlie and Carol split a month later the he was. I know this could get complicated, and I'm not sure how the kids would take it, but I want to ask you a question. " I pause, hoping I don't get slapped, but pretty sure I won't. "Ellen, would you be offended if I kissed you?"

By way of an answer you stepped closer to me, lifting my hand to your cheek. "Terry, right now, I can't think of anything I'd like better. Well maybe one or two things.."

I use my fingers to lift your chin towards my lips as I lower my head. Our lips brush together and I feel the heat. Our tongues make that first tentative entrance into the others mouth. Soon they are dancing with passion. My right hand moves through your hair.

I break the kiss, looking down into your eyes for a response. You lift your glass toward me, "Cheers, and here is to a great beginning to what I think might be a wonderful week". You then down the rest of your drink, letting your glass and sandals fall to the sand.

We come together in a passionate embrace. Our bodies are pressed against each other. I feel your firm breasts against my chest. I'm sure you feel my arousal burning between us. My fingers are running through your soft hair while yours are under my shirt, caressing my back.

I break the kiss, nibbling my way along your chin so I can whisper in your ear how sexy you are. "Terry, you are a very handsome man. You don't know how long I've yearned to hear someone call me sexy." You murmur in reply.

"Well you certainly look sexy in those black panties you are wearing." I giggle.

"How do you know what color panties I'm wearing?" you query with a shocked expression on your face.

I chuckle before replying. "Well Ellen, you should be a little more careful when you lift your dress up while frolicking in the ocean. You were fully exposed out there, and with the full moon, it was quite a show. And, a very nice show I might add"

I see you blushing as I lean down to kiss you again. Your arms snake behind me, pulling me against you. I shift slightly to let my right leg slide between your thighs. You let your legs part slightly, allowing my thigh to press against you. I feel you moan into my mouth. Your hands slide under my shirt, your finger tips pulling at my back muscles.

The fingers of my left hand glide through your soft hair as I pull your mouth tight against mine. You begin sucking my tongue into your mouth making me yearn to know what it would feel like to have you sucking on something else. I wonder if you know the effect you are having on me. Then I realize you must given that your hip is pressing against my growing bulge.

My right hand slides up your smooth arm towards your shoulder. Your skin is soft and warm to my touch as I lower it down your back. I grin to myself thinking about how you would react if I lowered the zipper I'm touching now. My arm stretches further, allowing me to cup your ass. You moan again as this increases the pressure of my thigh against you. I feel you shudder against me as I drag my fingers up your side, around your arm to the base of your breast.

You unrestrained beast is firm in my hand. As I begin squeezing you, I feel you flexing your hips, increasing the pressure of my thigh against your sex. Your nipples are like erasers pressing into my palm. From the feel, I'm guessing you are a 34B.

You moan out loud as I nibble my way along your neck. I capture your left nipple between my fingers and hear you squeal in pleasure. "Gaud that feels good Terry, he never touches me anymore" you murmur.

I glance behind you and see a beach chair a hundred feet down from us. I put my arm around you waist, leading you towards the chair. "Let's sit down and get a bit more comfortable." I grin. As we walk, you put your hand in my pocket, squeeze my ass periodically.

When we reach the chair, I sit down, pulling you into my lap. Your arms go around my neck and mine around your waist. We are soon locked in a passionate embrace. Our tongues are dancing with a renewed fervor. 

I raise my hand so I can cup your breast again. Your nipple feels hard in my hand and I hear you murmur "Yes" as I begin squeezing it. You arch your back, inviting me to squeeze more. I start kissing my way along your chin and down your neck. I find the strap of your dress and let my tongue leave a wet trail along your collarbone until I reach the top of your dress. I lift my head to gaze into your eyes. I see the lust there while you nod your head indicating you want me to continue.

My left hand slowly unzips the back of your dress. My other hand moves to push the spaghetti straps off your shoulders, allowing the cups of your dress to fall down. A look of concern moves across your face as I gape at your newly exposed flesh. "Your breasts are beautiful Ellen. They seem to be begging to be suckled." I add.

"Please" you croak.

While not large, your breasts are firm and topped with tight brown nipples the size of my pinky. I lean over and blow warm air over your left tit. "hmm" escapes from your lips. You start running your fingers through my hair, slowly pulling my mouth towards your chest.

I extend my tongue so I can flick it over your bundle of nerve endings. You jump with my first contact. You arch your back when I suck your nipple into my mouth. You ass starts squirming in my lap as I let my teeth scrape over your flesh. Your fingers begin drawing my head tighter against your chest, forcing more of your flesh into my sucking mouth. I shake my head, sending new sensations through your body on their way to your sexual middle. the

You seem lost in your own little world of pleasure. Little sounds radiate from inside you. I take this opportunity to slide my right hand down your side, over your hips and along your thighs. You finally notice my fingers caressing you when they touch your right knee. You respond by letting your legs part limply. I continue stroking your inner thigh as my hand moves higher up your leg. Your muscles quiver in anticipation of the explosion that is building inside you.

As my fingers near your sex, I feel your damp heat. The wind shifts and I get a wonderful whiff of your arousal. When I finally touch your panties, I find they are wet with your juices. You moan when I press my finger against your button. You gyrate your hips in an effort to increase the pressure.

My hand moves up your thigh in an attempt to slide a finger inside the leg opening of your thong. I feel your soft honey covered pubs, looking forward to licking off your dew. You moan out loud with pleasure before adding, "Terry, will you make love to me?"

I pull back in surprise, not that I don't want to have you, but more out of surprise. You quickly pull back when you see my face. 

"Don't you want me?" you ask with a whimper.

I pause before answering, trying to process it all.

"Never mind." You sob as you bring your hands to your face. I can feel you beginning to cry.

"Ellen, you are so sexy. It's not that I don't want to have wild sex with you. It's just that you caught me by surprise. I have to confess that I've had quite a few fantasies of what I'd want to do with you since I met you when our kids first started dating" I whisper.

You look up at me in wonder. "Terry, I have two confessions to make. Since that day we worked together, I've wondered what you'd be like. The other thing is, I've only been with one man, Jeff, before. I was a virgin till after he asked me to marry him. There are so many things I've read about but was afraid to bring it up to Jeff because he'd think I'm a freak."

I hold you close, brushing my hand over your hair. "Ellen, I had no idea. The other reason I don't want to make love to you now, key phrase there is now, is that I'm a bad boy scout tonight." I can tell from the puzzled look on your face that you don't understand. " I'm not prepared. I didn't expect this, so I don't have any condoms with me. But fear not, I do want you. I want to make you feel so good."

This must have been the right answer because you take my right hand and place it on your left breast. "You are already making me feel good. I just hope I can make you feel good." you whisper before putting your lips over mine in a passion filled kiss.

Briefly breaking the kiss, I look into your eyes and say, "I think you are a little over dressed. I can think of something black that you should take off."

"Hmmm" you murmur, "I think I'm going to like this" you add as you stand up, making a show of sliding your panties down your legs without lifting your dress.

You hand them to me. I feel how damp they are with your juices. You begin blushing as I bring them to my nose to inhale your scent. "Where do you want me Terry?"

I point to my lap. You sit down, not caring that the top of your dress fell down, exposing your firm chest. It is then that I notice there are no tan lines. My hand slides up under your dress, letting my fingers tickle your inner thigh. You make no move to close your thighs, but rather spread them open, inviting me in. 
