 Standing in front of the window, she looked out into the clear cool night. Patches of clouds float through the starlit sky. She watched as a patch approached the nearly full moon. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The air had the smell of freshly fallen rain. That always relaxed her somewhat. She opened her eyes and brought the glass of wine to her lips.

She took a sip in the light of the re-exposed moon and sighed quietly as a lazy cool breeze floated through the opened window. The breeze gently caressed her silk nightie and teased her freshly bathed skin.

She placed the glass on the sill and held the curtain up. Just as the curtain was securely tied to the side of the window, the moonlight hid behind another patch of cloud. She took a deep breath again and closed her eyes. She listened to the sounds of the night coming through her window.

She nearly cried out as she felt a warm pair of lips at the nape of her neck. She felt strong hands touch each of her arms. Then she felt his lips touch the side of her neck for another soft kiss.

'Hi.' he whispered quietly in her ear.

She didn't respond verbally, instead she leaned back slightly. She felt his warm hands leave her arms and touch her hips.

He felt her lean back towards him. He leaned forward a bit to support her against him. He touched her hips with his hands but decided to hug her instead. He slid his hands over from her hips and clasped his hands in front of her. He then kissed her right shoulder.

'What are you looking at?' he whispered quietly.

She wasn't sure if it was the wine or his voice or the strength of his presence or a combination of all three but it felt good. She found herself closing her eyes and leaning her head back. Her right hand moved from the curtain to touch the side of his face.

He felt her cool, soft hand on the side of his face. He kissed her shoulder again but this time he continued to kiss her. His lips moved from her shoulder up towards her neck. Slowly, his warm breath trailed its way along her smooth cool skin. She seemed to relax under the touch of his hot lips, pressing softly against her. He unclasped his hands and moved his right hand back to her hip. He placed his left palm gently on her stomach.

She felt his warm, almost hot, hand touch her stomach through her nightie. She felt herself shiver with a sense of anticipation. Her hand, still touching his face slid up into his hair as she felt his lips move up to her neck, massaging her skin.

He kissed her slowly and stopped as his lips reached the area where her neck and shoulder meet. He took a deep breath and lifted his lips from her. 

He softly whispered, 'You smell really good.'

She shivered again as he whispered. She decided she was definitely feeling something. It was all triggered by his whispering voice. By his lips. By his touch. She felt his right hand travel up from her hip, slowly, almost teasingly. Her body responded to his moving hand by making her move slightly; leaning back, pressing herself against him.

He felt her back press against his front. His hand moved past the side of her breast, barely touching his fingertips against her. He moved up under her right arm. He lowered his lips to the spot between her neck and shoulder, carefully resumed his kissing. His lips opened a little, kissing and massaging the skin on her neck. Slowly he moved up the side of her neck. His right hand, palm slowly sliding against the smooth skin of her arm moved towards her elbow.

She arched her neck towards the left as she felt his hot wet lips move up the side of her neck. She let a soft sigh escape her as she felt his right hand caressing her arm. She didn't even know her skin was so sensitive there. Her body moved. Her legs shifted as she tried to steady herself. Still leaning against him, she wanted to turn around and kiss him.

He felt her shift as his right hand reached her wrist. She was still leaning against him partly and partly against the window frame with her right arm. His hand gently grabbed her wrist as his lips moved away from the side of her neck.

'Don't..' he whispered teasingly into her right ear, 'don't move.'

She shivered and opened her eyes. She felt his right hand on her wrist, gently press her hand up against the window frame to show what he meant. She nodded and felt his lips close over the side of her neck again. She sighed as she felt his lips gently suck on the skin of her neck.

His lips touched her skin again moved along her neck. He stopped just below her ear. He slowly sucked gently against her skin. Lightly, he began moving his left hand along her stomach. He felt the smoothness of her skin through her nightie as his left hand stroked her stomach.

She felt a breeze from the window then and realized that all she felt until this moment was his hands and his lips. Her mind concentrated on his every movement and her body responded to each. Waves of electric pleasure ran from her neck down her spine where his lips touched and his mouth gently sucked. Shivering anticipation rolled in and through her from his stroking left palm. And a gentle promise filled her with the way his right hand held her hand against the window frame.

He continued to tease her neck with his lips, sucking slowly and gently kissing. His right hand released her right wrist and slowly trailed down her right arm. Again, his right palm moved lightly along her skin. His left hand continued to stroke lightly against her stomach. Slowly, he moved his stroking left hand up.

She shivered as his lips sucked on her neck. So close to her ear that his breathing seems to whisper to her. She felt his right hand glide from her wrist and the tingling sensation of his palm touching her skin ever so lightly. She also felt his left hand moving slowly up from her stomach. His left hand hot through her nightie against her cool skin. She arched her neck more to the left, trying to feel more. Her eyes closed even tighter, trying to concentrate on his lips.

He felt her shiver as his lips sucked. Slowly he sucked on her skin. He then released her now hot wet skin and let the cool air swim across her skin. He saw her arch her neck some more and he leaned forward again, this time his tongue tip touched her neck. His tongue tip circled around the wet spot left by his lips.

His right hand moved from her right arm just as his left hand's finger tips reached just between her breasts. Carefully, his hands both moved to touch below her breasts.

She felt his hands under her breasts over her nightie. She wanted more of his tongue against her neck. She shivered with each circle of his tongue tip on her skin. She felt his breath warming her neck and cooling it as he inhaled. She felt her right hand grip the window frame tighter. She pressed herself against him some more, hoping he would take that as a hint. She felt him then, throbbing between her and him. She felt him pulsing against her as his tongue circled teasingly on her neck.

His hands carefully cupped her breasts from below. He felt her press more against him barely noticing their pajamas between their skin. He felt his body respond first in his hardness then in his hips as he found himself pressing himself against her. His right hand gently squeezed her right breast as his tongue began to flick lightly down the side of her neck. His left hand gently moved from under her left breast and down to her left arm.

She felt him press up against her. She felt herself move against him. Slowly to feel his hardness against her. Slowly so she could feel the way it throbbed. Slowly so she would not miss the way his tongue moved against her neck. She felt him flicking his tongue down her neck. Down from the cool wet circle under her ear. She felt his left hand on her left arm. She felt her left hand being raised by her wrist as his left hand gently grabbed it. Slowly his tongue began to move up the side of her neck again. And this time, his tongue circled up, slowly and carefully. She shivered as his tongue and warm breath touched her neck.

His left hand raised her left hand up to the left side of the window frame. Carefully he placed her hand there. His tongue circled up the side of her neck and stopped below her ear again. He lowered his lips onto her neck again and took her skin into his mouth. Slowly he sucked her into his mouth once and let go. He then licked that spot once and gently blew on it. As he felt her shiver, he gently took her right earlobe into his mouth.

She gasped as he sucked on her neck and then shivered as he blew cool air onto her wet and tingling neck. She felt his mouth take her ear in. She felt him press her left hand against the window frame as his hardness pressed against her. 

She was about to let go of the window frame as she heard him whisper again.

'Remember, don't move..' He whispered into her ear.

She could almost see his mischievous smile in his voice. She held onto the window frame and pushed her bottom up against him. She felt his body respond to her by pushing himself and his hardness against her.

He felt himself grind up against her as he ran his fingertips lightly down both her arms. His fingers stopped moving under her arm and glided over to her breasts. Carefully, he opened his hands and lightly cupped each of her breasts. He pressed his lips against her neck, just below her ear and opened his mouth. His hands slid up from the bottom of her breasts and lightly glided over her nipples with the palms of his hands through her nightie.

She felt his hands release her breasts as his lips pressed against her neck again. She shivered as his palms rubbed lightly through her nightie and over her nipples. She held on to the window frame with her hands, but wanted to let go. She wanted to grab his head and press his lips harder against her neck. She wanted to grab his hands and move them harder against her breasts.

He continued to run the palms of his hands up and down over her nipples. The warmth radiated from his palm through her nightie warming her skin. His mouth opened a little more as he began to suck on her neck again. This time, he allowed his teeth to touch her neck. Just slightly, enough to bite her gently. He felt her shake slightly and she pressed her self harder against him.

'Yes..' she heard herself whisper.

He let his teeth rake softly against her neck as his palms glided gently over her nipples. He barely felt her nightie as his palms moved slowly up and down. He continued his gentle biting and slow sucking of her neck as his hands slowly cupped her breasts once more. He felt her hardened nipples against his palm. He regretfully let go of her breasts and moved his hands lightly up. His hands moved to her neck.

His hands touched the sides of her neck as his lips released her neck, but not before his teeth slowly raked her skin lightly. His hands gently guided her head slightly forward.

She felt his hands move up her neck. She felt his arms around her and under her arms. She felt his body, hot against her back. She felt his hardness throbbing between them. She felt his lips touch her once more, sending a wave of electric pleasure through her again.

His lips touched the back of her neck. Slowly his lips kissed, slowly he moved up the back of her neck. He moved his hands gently down the sides of her neck to her shoulders. He started down the back of her neck again with his lips as his hands slid down her shoulders and then up under her arms. His lips opened wider as he kissed her. His tongue snaked out to touch her skin.

She felt his tongue tip moving down her neck in little circles. His hot breath warming the way and a cool moist trail following. She shivered at this and shivered again as his hands stopped just short of her elbows and started moving down again. She felt his hands continue down past her underarms and to the sides of her breasts.

His hands stopped just at the sides of her breasts as his tongue moved down past her neck. He moved his tongue slowly, ever so slowly in tiny circles. He let his tongue tip move down past the top of her nightie.

She could feel his tongue on her even through the material of her nightie. She almost gasped in disappointment as she felt him shift away from her. 

He moved slowly down her back, his tongue moving still but every now and then he would kiss her back. His hands still gently touching her sides under her arms started to move down, keeping pace with his tongue and mouth. His hands rested on her hips.

As his tongue reached the bottom of her nightie, his hands gently squeezed her hips. He slid his hands up under her nightie to touch her soft skin. His hands gently moved up along her sides again, this time his skin touching her skin.

His lips then touched her skin then as his hands traveled up her sides. Her nightie lifted with the movement of his hands. He felt her push her back up against him slightly as he started to kiss her skin. He kissed up her back stopping just about halfway up as his hands slid forward to gently cup her breasts. He squeezed once and released.

He started to move back down her back again, this time, his tongue snaked out and touched the smooth naked skin of her back. Slowly his tongue moved down, sliding slowly. He let his fingers move lightly over her nipples as he moved his hands down and away from her breasts. He slid his hands lightly down her sides again and stopped where her nightie and panties met.

As she felt his tongue touch the top of her panties, right above her bottom, she shifted her bottom back. She wanted his mouth to ravage her from behind. She didn't want to wait. She felt his hands move from her sides, her hips and slowly down her bottom. She felt his tongue moving down past the top of her panties. His hot breath warmed her skin through her panties as his hands moved towards his mouth. He stopped as his thumbs neared his cheeks. He gently squeezed her cheeks and held her apart slightly. His tongue flicked once and started moving down.

She shivered as his hands squeezed her buttcheeks and again when he moved his tongue down from the top of her panties. She tried to push her bottom back as his tongue flicked slowly down.

He stopped his tongue as soon as he felt them start down the indentation between her cheeks. His hands released her and he kissed her left cheek once. His hands moved over to her hips again.

She felt the cool wetness of his tongue trail along the back of her panties. She heard him shift behind her, his hands gently pressing against her hips for support.

He leaned forward again and kissed the back of her left cheek. His lips kissed slowly down to her leg. Slowly his soft lips touched and sucked her skin down the back of her thighs. His hands gently squeezing her hips every now and again.

She shivered again as his lips touched the back of her thighs. She was annoyed that he was making this effort to touch and tease so many of her sensitive areas. Yet she was so very excited. Almost too excited to let him continue teasing her. She felt her legs weaken slightly but was glad for the window frame support. She leaned slightly forward.

His lips touched the back of her knees. Carefully, he flicked his tongue across from right to left once and then back from left to right. He let his hands slide down from her hips and to the side of her legs. His lips then gently kissed the back of her knees, taking care to carefully suck slightly. He moved down from there, slowly kissing down her left calf.

He let his hands slide over from the sides of her legs to the back of her thighs. He felt the smoothness of her skin and found himself gently stroking up and down the back of her thighs. His lips reached the bottom of her calf and he pulled away.

She felt him stop kissing her leg and opened her eyes. She felt his hands on the back of her thighs stroking. She felt him sliding his hands down from her thighs to the back of her knees.

'Spread your legs..' he whispered from behind and below her.

She shifted her weight onto her arms as she slowly spread her legs. She felt his hands holding her legs, guiding her.

'Perfect.' he whispered to her.

She stopped moving legs apart and his hands slid down her legs to her ankles.

He moved his left hand from her ankle and placed it on the ground. He shifted again and leaned forward. His right hand gently stroked her right ankle.

She felt his head between her legs. She felt his breath inside on her right ankle before his lips touched her. She shivered again as his tongue snaked out and ran lightly around her ankle once.

He moved his tongue slowly up from her ankle. Making sure he slowly stroked her skin with his tongue tip. Slowly up, then back down. Then slowly up some more of her leg and back down again, slightly. He moved his tongue up past the back of her right knee. Always stroking her with his tongue. As he neared the back of her right thigh, he shifted again as he moved his tongue in towards her inner thigh. His tongue stroking slowly up. His breath now seemed hot against her skin.

She shivered as she felt him move from behind her knee towards her inner thigh. She shifted her legs wider a little more so he would have more access. She felt her knees shake as his tongue trailed up along her inner thigh. His tongue moved so slowly, so teasingly across her skin. She felt warmth of her pussy pulse in anticipation. She wanted to push him down and sit on his tongue. She felt his left hand on her left leg now as his tongue continued up her right inner thigh.

As he neared halfway up her inner thigh, he shifted to kneel on one knee. His tongue flicked more than stroked now. Still he moved. Slowly flicking his tongue up her inner thigh. Slowly his tongue flicked down her inner thigh. He stopped as he reached about two thirds up her inner thigh.

She nearly screamed in frustration as he stopped. She looked down and saw him between her legs.

He was about to move when he saw her looking down at him. He wasn't sure if he saw correctly, but it looked like she was angry. He smiled at her and winked as he shifted. His hands ran up her legs and gently cupped her bottom. He shifted some more.

She watched as he moved.. or rather wiggled himself to a half crouch half below her. She watched as he leaned his back against the wall below the window. She felt his hands on her bottom. She moved as she felt him grab her and gently pull her down. She slide her hands down from the sides of the window. She placed her hands on the window sill as his hands stopped her moving down any further. She looked at him and saw that his head was directly in front of her panties. She shivered as she saw his head move forward. She closed her eyes and waited.

He watched her as he leaned forward. As her eyes closed, he moved his head slightly altering his course and placed his opened mouth on her inner right thigh. He took in some of her skin as he sucked her thigh.

She was about to open her eyes when she felt his lips on her thigh. She lost her train of thought as she shivered while he sucked on her inner thigh.

Carefully, he released her thigh and gently flicked his tongue up her inner thigh. Slowly resuming where he had left off before moving, his tongue started flicking again. Closer and closer he moved. 

He moved his hands slightly up forcing her to lean forward slightly on her hands again. He slid his left hand from her right cheek. He let his fingers trail down slowly under her.

His tongue flicked up her inner thigh to where her panties started. His flicked slowly a couple of times and he moved his tongue tip in a small circle once. He then placed his lips on her and slowly sucked. He had kept his lips wide so he could flick his tongue tip along her skin as she was sucked into his mouth.

She felt the warmth of her pussy pulse wetly as she felt him sucking on her upper inner thigh. So close. She felt his fingers trail along underneath her. She felt herself pushing down as his finger tips ran over her cunt lips. She felt the hardness of his fingers through her panties and the softness of his lips against her skin. She felt herself move her hips as his tongue stroked her skin trapped in between his lips. She let out a little moan as his fingers traced over her clit once and headed back down beneath her.
