 It feels so good sitting here in the sun. Whoever thought to put these big window seats in the master bedroom was a genius. We are sitting on opposite sides and simultaneously giving each other a foot massage. We have warm oil on the table between us, so we can both reach it and it feels so good to relax like this. The scented candles give such a pleasant and romantic aroma and the flames seem to be dancing off the walls. 

Of course, it would be easier for both of us to relax if the foot that is not being massaged would be good. Just to make sure you are enjoying yourself, I run my big toe from the bottom of your crotch to the top and wiggle it a little. You aren't letting me get away with it though, slowly you move your leg out and rub the ball of your foot against my balls and flex your toes against my shaft. It is time to switch feet and now with the oil, my foot really slides easily against the wet patch of your satin thong. 

Your oily foot slides up the leg of my shorts and the heat and wetness is driving me mad. You have very nimble toes. I think this is just about all I can take, so I grab your ankle and pull you toward me, taking your toes in my mouth to suck on them and spearing you with the big toe of my other foot at the same time. I think you liked it. My first hint was the way your toes tightened in my crotch and pulled. I hear a soft moan and continue just flexing my big toe and licking softly. Your heavily lidded eyes and slightly sneering smile tell me that even though you are enjoying this, you will see that I get as surprised as you were. 

You are not being very still either both of your hands have descended to your breasts and are gently pulling at your rings and rolling your nipples around. As they get harder, so do I. You are gently running your foot from the base of my cock to the top. Then you put your toes under my balls and lift them and roll them on top of your foot. Oh, I never knew that could feel so good. You are rubbing your toes up and down that spot between my balls and ass, massaging, teasing and I am losing track of what I was doing to you. I disengage myself and try to crawl up to you, but your foot in my shorts stops me. You hook your foot into the crotch of my shorts and zoom they are off my ass and you are sliding them down my legs. Ah, I have room to move and I have your leg trapped under me. I reach down and take your other leg and put it over my shoulder and you lovingly wrap it around my neck.

I am kissing your thighs and watching you as I do. You are trying to get your leg out but I like it right where it is. I am gently hunching against it, leaving it wet with my arousal. I love the way you smell, so womanly and alive. You are really pulling at your nipples now and I decide I want a bite of you. Pulling the thong to the side I open my mouth wide and put as much of you in my mouth as I can and thrust my tongue deep into your liquid center.

The moans you are making are like fuel to a fire. I have to have more and more of you. I suck hard, trying to pull the saliva from your throat. I am thrusting my tongue in again and again, squeezing your glorious ass and loving the way you fill my mouth. I move my thumb down and slide it gently in your pussy and move up to lick your clit. I move slowly in a circle, then stop, blow and another circle the other direction and then butterfly kisses and another blow and the juices are dripping down between your ass cheeks, also wetting your thighs and keeping my throat from getting dry. As I slide my thumb down your ass, you know what I am going to do and you lift up to give me room, but I stop and just gently rub your little star, making sure it is wet enough for the next step. 

My tongue is still toying with your clit, giving you pleasure but not quite enough. You have forgotten your tits for the moment and you are cradling my head. You are running your fingers through my hair and using your nails to scratch my scalp. The combination of softness and roughness is very erotic. As I start to lick you with the flat of my tongue from top to bottom you relax and sigh and I now slide my thumb in your back door. You are moaning and begging me to ream you with my thumb and I am rolling it around and around, massaging inside of you. As my tongue reaches the top of your pussy, I close my lips on your clitoris and start sucking and flicking my tongue all over the top of your bud. I feel you grab my head and try to force more of me in you.

I can also feel you starting to cum, your stomach is clutching hard and I feel your ass clamping down on my thumb and I keep licking and stroking and you continue to flood my mouth. As the tremors start to lessen, I stop stroking into you and slowly remove my thumb just rubbing you lightly now and I am kissing your outer lips and cleaning the juices from your thighs, letting you enjoy the afterglow of your orgasm. When you begin to stroke my hair again, I lean forward and kiss your clit softly as I move up to your side. My beard is soaked with your juices and I love the way it smells and tastes. As I move up you get your other leg free and cradle me between them. Making sure I don't get away, you say. Like I am going anywhere. 

As we kiss softly, frenching each other, biting and sucking each other's lips softly, you can taste yourself on my tongue, smell yourself on my face, and the heat begins to grow in you again. Then you notice that my cock is literally bouncing from your stomach to mine and it is leaking pre-cum continually. It is harder than you have seen it in a long time and you can't wait to taste it. As you roll me over, you scoot between my legs, kissing my chest and biting my nipples as you go. You are running your nails down my sides and the points of your nipples are burning a trail down my stomach. The butterfly kisses stop and you begin sucking deep on my skin leaving little love bites on my sides and upper thighs. 

When you stop moving my cock is wedged between your beautiful breasts and it is a miracle that I am not already cumming all over you. We both know that I am way past conscious thought and all I want is to cum. Gently you lay my balls in the palm of your hand, bringing your fingers toward you your nails scraping the bottom of my scrotum. I am sure my dick gained at least another half an inch or more. I was bobbing and weaving around and your other hand grabbed me at the base and lifted me up. With your tongue out and your eyes boring into mine, you licked up the back and down one side and then the other cleaning my pre-cum only to have it replaced again. 

I was gripping the pillows at my side so hard to try to keep from cumming and my thighs were clenched tight. You looked into my eyes and said, "I am going to take you into my mouth now and I want you to cum. I want to swallow you and love you with my mouth. Then I am going to straddle your thighs and impale myself on you and fuck you till your legs fall off." I was past the point of no return and when your lips sucked my head between them it began. I could feel my balls jump and the pulses running up my shaft felt like a cannon shooting off. 

My whole body was coming out of the end of my dick. I could see your eyes open in amazement. I had never shot like that, but you kept swallowing what you could and when I slowed down, you lifted up and slammed down on me. The shock of having your tight hot pussy around my sensitive dick made it feel even better. It was a pleasurable pain being in your hot furnace. When you started thrusting up and down, long slow strokes, I reached for your breasts and starting pinching the nipples and twisting the rings. This made you ride harder and when you leaned down to kiss me, you gave me my own cum off your lips and my dick got harder. 

We were now a couple of animals looking for mutual fulfillment. You were clutching me hard and lifting up to loosen up and slam down on me, again and again. When I started punching in the air chasing after you, you started to rotate your ass, corkscrewing me, and that was all I could take and a growl started in my throat and I felt your pussy clutching harder at me as you tried to keep your rhythm. I grabbed your hips and started thrusting up into you and each time I hit bottom you gave a little moan. When I felt you shudder with another orgasm it set me off and I came again. 

As you lay down on my chest, both of us still twitching we both looked out the window to see the sun setting. What a glorious way to end a day.