 Not a good night for me. Its late, I'm tired, a little drunk and very very horny.

I was drinking with friends tonight and seeing all those women in skimpy clothing has left me wanting more.

Yet another cab passes by, full, no doubt with people going home to fuck each other's brains out while I'm left to walk home. Yeah, not a good night for me. 

Yet another car passes and as it makes its turn into the side street opposite me the sweep of its headlights illuminates the living room of one of the terraced hoses across the street. I'm greeted by the sight of you, semi naked, sitting in the dark in front of your laptop. 

I stand there, gobsmacked, instantly aroused by the sight of you, dark hair, dark eyes and a simply magnificent body, full breasts and round hips, a wonderful womanly body, full and ripe, crying out to be touched. 

I move closer to your window, careful to stay out of view from you, cock getting harder the closer to you I get. 

Soon enough I'm standing at your window, my breath steaming the window pane, feet rooted to the spot while I spy on you, watching you flirt on your webcam, wanting you more and more with every passing second. 

I feel guilty yet electrified at the same time to be stealing the view of you, the view that's meant for the man you're chatting with. I'm about to turn and go when begin to remove your tshirt, exposing the wonderful body that's hidden underneath. All breath gone from my lungs, eyes glued to you watching you playfully touch your nipples. 

I can take no more, i'm totally and completely overcome with lust for you, I simply have to have you. I move to your door and quietly try the handle, a jolt of electricity coursing through my body as I feel it give and the door opening slightly. I take a second to think about what I'm about to do but all second thoughts are washed away when the image of your body comes to my mind again. I open the door further and tentatively step inside. 

I move quickly but quietly down the hall, any sounds I do make drowned out by the music you're playing and your fingers clattering on the keyboard. I move to the door of the room you're in and slowly open it, peering inside, seeing only your back to me. 

I slide inside and move to you. I'm almost within touching distance when you begin to turn, no doubt alerted by the man at the other end of your chat. I quickly move to you, grabbing your hair, turning your head back to the screen. I bend and with as much menace as I can muster I tell you not to turn round, to do all i say and you won't be hurt.

You nod your compliance and I move my hand from your hair and down onto your breast, cupping it firmly, feeling your nipple hard against my palm. I move my mouth to your ear and ask if the man viewing your cam knows where you live or how to contact you. You tell me in a small voice that you've only just met him and he doesn't know anything about you. 

I smile and whisper that before long he's going to know how you look when you're being fucked. 

I order you to stand, looking straight ahead and I press close to you, letting you feel how hard I am against you, leaving you in no doubt as to what's gonna happen. I place a hand between your shoulder blades and bend you over, the length of my cock fitting snugly between your cheeks.

I can feel how hot you are even through my jeans. One hand still placed on your back, I quickly undo my buttons and let my jeans and boxers fall around my ankles, reaching down between us to pull your underwear to one side. I rest the tip of my throbbing cock at the entrance to your cunt then slowly slide it in, inch by inch until I'm buried balls deep. I place both hands on your hips and begin to pull you to me in time with my cock thrusting deeper and deeper into you. Without missing a beat, I withdraw from you and slowly ease it deep into your ass, your juices that are coating my cock making it easier to push as deep as I want. 

I don't want to orgasm to just yet, instead I want to enjoy as much time as I can with you, in you. I slow and begin to circle my hips, bending forward to cup your glorious tits, I whisper for you too look at the screen, to look at us, at me fucking you. I can see my want, my hunger mirrored in your eyes on the screen and i know in that instant that you were as horny as me tonight and that this is exactly what you wanted.

I ease myself from your ass and turn you to face me, leaning in to kiss you. You pull away, keeping that one thing from me, iI smile and relent, letting you keep it for the time being, consoling myself by bending to take one of your nipples in my mouth and sucking greedily on it, staring up into your eyes as i take from you again, feeding my hunger a little more. 

I put my arms round you, hands cupping your ass cheeks, pulling you to me as I work my mouth from one breast to the other, flicking each nipple with my tongue, almost overcome with desire for you when you take breasts in your hands and push them together so I can work both at once, my hard fingertips pressing harder into the firm round flesh of your ass, urging you closer to me, wanting to bury my face between your by now heaving breasts. 

I bend lower, hand reaching to your desk as i do so, seeking and finding the scissors I saw earlier, feeling you gasp then hold your breath as the cold steel comes into contact with the bare flesh of your thigh. I look up, my eyes never leaving yours as I spread your legs, running the cold steel over your underwear, tracing the line of your slit. 

I can see the effect it has on you both visibly and audibly, your breathing becoming shallower and the wet stain in your underwear increasing. 

I hook a thumb into your panties, feeling your full lips brush against me. Eyes still locked on yours, I tug at the lace material until I can slide it between the scissors and with one snip you're exposed to me, hot, moist and inviting. 

I bend, finally taking my eyes from yours so I can do the one thing I've wanted to do from the moment I first set eyes on you, I pull you to me as i plant kisses down your stomach and down onto your lips, tongue gliding between them, lubricated by your juices until i arrive at your clit, lips sucking as my tongue flicks over it, my hands urging you to sit again, spread out before me so I can devour you properly.

I kneel between your legs and tell you to touch yourself, to replace my tongue with your fingers. I watch mesmerised you do as instructed to, one hand circling over your clit, the other teasing your nipples. 

I begin to touch myself as i look at you, stroking myself in perfect rhythm with the circles your fingertips are making on your clit. I watch enthralled as you begin to lose control, breasts rising and falling as your breathing becomes more erratic, more laboured as you near orgasm. 

I can wait no longer, I have to feel you again. I stand, taking you in my arms, lifting you, pinning you against the wall before lowering you down onto my ever hardening cock, your legs wrapping round my waist, my knees almost buckling as I'm overwhelmed by your heat. Hands cupping your ass, mouth lowered to your neck sucking hard, hard enough to mark you, leaving love bites in on your neck and shoulders. 

My muscles straining, my breathing ragged as I ram my cock into you, your juices soaking me coating my fingers so I can easily slide one into your ass, 

I now have my cock deep in your cunt and my finger fucking your ass, all in perfect rhythm. I take my mouth from your neck and kiss you, hard and full on the mouth our tongues dancing as we orgasm in unison, a low growl in my troath as the intensity of my orgasm washes over me in waves. 

After what seems an eternity we pick ourselves up and head for your bedroom pausing only for you to type to our viewer that your boyfriend is home and you're going to bed.