 A recent weekend turned out to be a real scorcher for me, in more ways then one. I had been a widow for a year and a half and it was time for me to get on with my life. I moved into an apartment in a nice area of town, it was a real nice townhouse with a lovely little fenced yard in back. Being that it was on the end of the building was great for me, it gave me that much more privacy even though there was one other building that sat diagonally from mine and the upper bedroom window had a nice view of my yard. 

As the weeks went by I got to know others from the complex, lucky for me I found an older woman that knew everything about everyone in the complex, (the busy body gossip type.) It was through her that I found out that the apartment overlooking my place lived a young man in his early twenty's and that he had two jobs so he was not home much. This worked out very well for me.

I loved being out in the backyard, feeling the sun on my body has always made me hot in more ways then one. While sunbathing one day I decided to throw caution as well as my clothes to the wind, after all I did not want tan lines, now did I? As the days passed, I became more relaxed sunbathing naked, but I got more then I bargained for a few weekends later. 

I was lying in the yard, drinking wine and feeling as horny as hell. I had glanced up at the window of the apartment overlooking the yard and was sure nobody was there. I slowly began to caress my body, slowly rubbing my thighs, belly and breast's, my nipples stood out hard as I rolled them in my fingers. As my hand made its way down between my legs I lifted my knees up and slid a couple of fingers into my pussy. Masturbating in the open air was a new experience for me, but one I knew I was going to enjoy!

Gently rubbing my aching clit, I began to roll my hips up and thrust my fingers inside my tight cunt. I love to fantasize and before long I had imagined there was a whole football team taking turns fucking me and shooting their jizz deep inside my wet pussy. Hardly surprising then, when I had one of the most intense orgasms I've ever experienced and let out a loud yell. I shuddered, biting my lip as the orgasm powered through my entire body. The very thrill of being out in the open air seemed to increase my pleasure as I climaxed. I basked in the warm sun, melting in the moment. 

Later that evening the doorbell rang just as I stepped out of the shower, I slipped a towel around myself and went to answer the door. I peaked through the peep hole and I knew I recognized the man at my door. As I opened the door I let my towel slip a bit showing my cleavage. I did not let him get the first word instead it as I that blurted out first. 

"Aren't you the guy from the apartment across the way," I asked. "Ian, isn't it?"

"That's right," he blurted out as he blushed.

He looked as if he was hiding a guilty secret, and that's when it suddenly dawned on me that he that he must have at least heard me that afternoon, if not actually seen me, too. 

"Can I do anything for you?" I continued. "Or maybe I have already!" I judged from the tent in his pants.

"I saw you this afternoon." He stuttered. "I just had to tell you how amazing you looked!" 

It was clear to me that he liked what he saw and was looking for more, the fact that I was an older woman did not seem to bother him at all, in fact I think it excited him even more, I know it did me, I had not had a decent fuck for so long so I decided to see how far he was willing to go.

"Thank you," I giggled. "Maybe you'd like to come in to see a little more?" 

Before he had a chance to answer, I grabbed Ian by the hand pulling him through the front door and up the stairs toward the bedroom. As I walked in front of him, I let the towel fall to the floor to reveal my pert ass and freshly-trimmed pubes. Once inside the bedroom I sat Ian on the edge of the bed as I sprawled my naked body across the bed slowly spreading my legs to expose my pussy. As my fingers toyed with my lips and clit I became wetter and the look on Ian's face was that of pure lust. I eased a finger inside my cunt and began frigging myself. 

"Is this what you saw this afternoon?" I panted breathlessly.

Ian nodded frantically, and I felt it was unfair to tease him any longer as well as myself as I was in need of his cock. I slowly crawled across the bed as I looked into his eyes licking my lips letting him know I was hungry for his stiff cock. As I neared him I could tell he was as hot as I was as he reached out to touch my tits while I undid his pants letting them fall to the floor only to find he had nothing under them. His cock popped up hard and thick, thicker then I had ever had before, I could feel the wetness of my pussy trickle down my leg. I stroked his length several times before taking it into my mouth his girth filled my lips stretching them wide, good for me that I was an expert cocksucker. 

I had enough play time at this point and need to be fucked. I spun around onto all fours and pushed my ass up into the air grabbing my cheeks spreading myself open to Ian. He did not stop to think about it, he tossed off the rest of his clothes before joining me on the bed, sliding his cock into my wet hole. I was so wet he slid in with ease even with his girth it felt so good to have a real cock in my pussy. 

He fucked me good and hard with the enthusiasm of a man who could barely hold himself back, but that was just what I needed right then. It was fast and frantic as his balls slapped my clit when he pounded into me, knowing he was close my orgasm rushed over my body as I let out a scream, this set Ian off as he blasted his hot come into me making my pussy spasm even more. As Ian pulled his cock from my pussy I spun around to suck the last of his come from his dick as I reached between my legs to scoop up the mixture of his and my cream bringing it to my lips as he watched. 

It did not take Ian long to recover from our first fuck, (especially with my oral talents), until he was ready to go again but this was a nice slow fuck that lasted quite a while. Afterwards I saw Ian to the door giving him a kiss knowing we would see each other again. I returned to my bedroom tossing myself onto the bed thinking of Ian's cock and how it felt inside of me, so much so that I began to get horny all over again until I was in need of more cock, I grabbed my trusty dildo to finish off a wonderful fuck session before drifting off to sleep. 

I did not see Ian for several days after that, not thinking much of it I just figured his jobs had kept him busy. I just knew I wanted his hot cock again. 

One hot afternoon in the middle of the week I was watering my flowers in the backyard when I heard a knock from the window of the apartment above looking up I could see Ian grinning and waving at me. I was wearing a skimpy pair of cut-off denims that rode up between my legs so much that you could almost see my lips, and the white tee shirt was clinging to my braless tits, it made for a pretty sexy site. That was when I decided to put on a show for Ian, I bent forward wiggling my ass in his direction giggling to myself. When I looked back, there was Ian with his hard-on in his hand slowly beating off. 

'I'll give him something to really jerk off over,' I thought to myself. 

Taking the hose I started to spray myself down with a cool mist of refreshing water. As the water soaked through my tee shirt making the fabric transparent and the coolness made my nipples stiffen on contact. I was feeling incredibly turned on and tugged my shorts up so that they slipped up into the crack of my pussy, revealing my fleshy labia as clear as day! I continued performing my little sex show for Ian and watched him as he began to jerk himself off even more frantically. The sight of him stroking his cock so unashamedly made the moment even hornier and I started to play with myself also.

It was then that I laid myself spread-eagled on the grass with the hose still spurting water over my body as I grabbed my tits and pussy rubbing fast and hard making my body quiver as my orgasm rose. To my delight I looked up at Ian just in time to see him cum, thick globules of jizz splattering against the window just as my own orgasm washed over me as I let out a scream. 

I did not waste any time after, I stood up soaked to the skin and took a bow. 

"Do you need help cleaning that window?" I laughed, not waiting for a reply saying, "I'll be right over!" 

I turned the water off before running indoors to grab a towel and lock up on my way out running to Ian's door. As I went to knock the door it eased open, Ian had left it ajar for me, letting myself in I quickly closed it behind me locking up and made my way up the stairs to the bedroom.

Ian was on his bed slowly jerking his cock back to life again so I wasted no time in stripping my wet clothes off, that was when I glanced at the window. Ian's come was still there slowly sliding down I could not resist walking over to the window scooping some up on my fingers licking them clean as I looked over at Ian. I could see how hot it was making him as well as me, so I pinched my nipples before rubbing them across the come covered window smearing the jizz over my tits and the window. I rubbed the rest all over my titties before joining Ian on the bed. 

His cock was standing tall and firm not wanting to wasted time with chit chat I just sucked his whole length into my mouth savoring the taste of his cock. My pussy needed some attention also, flipping around while his cock was still in my mouth I planted my legs on either side of his head. Ian did not miss a beat he just gripped my thighs trusting his tongue deep within my folds. It was a race to see who would come first, Ian was sucking hard and fast on my pussy trying to kept pace with me on his cock. I could not believe how hot he had me and how fast he brought me to orgasm, but then I had a surprise of my own Ian shot his second load into my sucking mouth as my pussy spasmed on his face. We spent the night together getting to know each other better. 

As it was Ian did have two part time jobs as well as taking several art classes at the local collage that was why he was so scarce and I had the privacy in my backyard. He explained to me that his work schedule had changed and that was why he happened to catch me the first time. We laughed as we both remembered that meeting. 

This man was just what I needed right then in my life, a young fuck stud that I could just have without a fear of regrets. Ian and I had several encounters together over the next few months. Summer was turning to fall and Ian's work and school schedule changed again which left little time for us. The new fall schedule had started at the collage so I assumed he had found others to play with and left it at that. 

Even during the early fall the weather was still suitable for sun bathing so I continued to sunbathe nude as before. I would always peek up at Ian's window just to see if he was looking even though I knew his schedule and he would not be there, I think I missed the attention. I would bask in the sun and running my fingers over my wet lips thinking of Ian and how he made me feel. 

A few weeks later there was a knock on my door when I opened the door I was surprised to see it was Ian, and he had that guilty look on his face again, one that I had seen before I invited him in right away. It was then I saw he had in his hand a video tape which puzzled me. 

"I need you to watch this tape." He said blankly.

"Right now" I asked? 

Ian just nodded. I took the tape loading it into the player to view it. As the film played I was not really sure why Ian wanted me to watch it. It was an art project of Ian's and looked like a documentary on human sexuality. I thought it was rather boring until I saw what came next. It was a film clip of me in my backyard sun bathing naked as I rammed a dildo into my pussy. I was shocked to say the least and snapped at Ian. 

"What the fuck is this! I shouted.

Ian stopped the tape then tried to explain what the tape was all about. He needed a film on human sexuality for his human arts class and he had set up a camera on my yard knowing I was so hot and sexy to watch. He had set up a camera shortly after our first meeting and had filmed my yard and activates since then. 

Ian saw I was upset but as he looked into my eyes he asked, "Please just finish looking at the tape!" 

Even though I was pissed my curiosity urged me on, I nodded yes and he continued to play the tape. As I watched it I found myself getting aroused and began to run my fingers across my pussy. Even though the tape was a documentary it was hot, and since my face was always covered with glasses or blurred when needed I did not have a problem with Ian's tape as a matter of fact I found it rather faltering. The tape was rather good and my face was never shown so I agreed that he could use it for his class. We sealed the deal with an all night fuck session.

The weeks passed before Ian and I could have time to get together for a good fuck, but when we did it was explosive. It was in the middle of the week when I bumped into him in our parking lot. 

After exchanging greetings I asked Ian, "Did you turn in our tape for the class?" 

Ian's face instantly turned red as he nodded yes. 

I asked, "Can I come over tonight to talk about it?" 

I could see Ian was really unsteady with my offer, so I said "Maybe some other time." 

Ian got a gleam in his eyes and replied, "Tonight would be good, about eight thirty?" 

I nodded yes as I placed my hand on his chin pulling his toward me so our lips could press together in a wet kiss.