 It’s been exactly one year since I lost my wife Sarah & our unborn child to a drunk driver. Since that day, I have lost nearly everything else, due to my spiraling descent into alcohol & drugs. I lost my job, my home, my friends, and my family. In fact the only things I have left are this old 4x4, my guns, and an old hunting cabin off Interstate 80 in Pennsylvania. I’m on my way there now, driving through what is predicted to become the worst storm of the century, not caring about the weather or the fact that tomorrow is Christmas. In fact I don’t plan on seeing tomorrow, so I didn’t listen when everyone at the last truck stop told me to wait out the storm there. I don’t care if I die along the way or there, just so it all ends, I’ll be happy. As I was driving along up the mountain I saw her standing by the side of the road. She was standing there in a pool of light with the snow fluttering down around her. She must’ve been frozen; she had no coat on, just an old t-shirt and a pair of well-worn blue jeans. I don’t know why I stopped. But as I braked to a stop, I skidded & through the fog of self-pity I realized that I had slid right into her! I scrambled out of my truck and to my wonder she wasn’t laying hurt & bleeding in the snow, where I had expected her to be. I shook my head, sure that I had hit her, but there she stood a little further on, as if nothing had happened. Strange how the light pooled around her, even though there weren’t any lights overhead. It’s almost as if her hair was shiny enough to catch the least amount of reflected light & spot light her.

Looking at her there, I got the feeling that she needed my protection and help, so I offered her a ride, which she wordlessly accepted. By the time we both were in the truck, the snowstorm had definitely become a blizzard & I could barely see past the rusted snowplow attached to the front of the truck. It’s another two hours in good weather to my cabin, and the weather was just getting worse & worse. I had lost all sight of the where the road stopped and the ditch began, and had no way of knowing where I was. I didn’t want to stop, but no matter how little I cared for my own life, I was now responsible for another. I started to pull over to wait it out, but as I did, she silently reached over & placed her hand on mine, guiding me back onto the road. There was something in her touch that made me drive on. Just as I had pulled forward there was a large, almost deafening crack and a black mass fell across the road where the truck had just been. As the mass bounced back up a little, I realized it was a tree that must have broken under the weight of the snow & ice covering it. I kept on driving, though not understanding why, as a feeling of calm & serenity settled about me. 

Several hours later, I reached the turn off to cabin. I managed to get half way up the road before the truck became stuck when I hit a drift that was higher than the hood of the truck. I got out to look around, and decided to see what is on the other side of the snowdrift. I forced my way through it, and it appeared that this snowdrift was the worst. I had to decide if we should walk on, or stay in the truck with the heater running to keep her warm. When I returned to the truck, the decision was made for me. As I got in, I smelled the exhaust that poured into the cab, since it had nowhere else to go, because the snow was piled above the exhaust pipe. 

I shut off the motor and got out and walked around to the passenger side. When I had the door open I reached my arms out and scooped her up in my arms. Even though she is an adult women 5’9" tall and she appears to be maybe 10-20 pounds more than most woman would probably like, to me she felt like she weighed no more than a small child would. As she wrapped her arms around my neck and leaned against me, I felt the warmth of her cheek and inhaled the sweetness of her with each breath I took. Somehow it seems as if her very scent warmed the air I was breathing. When I looked down I saw how her thin t-shirt was pulled tight over her chest, showing that she didn’t have anything on underneath it. I began to feel the stirrings of desire, which is something I had never expected to feel again.

When we reached the cabin, I set her down, and admired how her hair seemed to catch the least amount of light. As we got inside, I use the last of the kindling and the logs that are kept inside to start a fire in the fireplace. I told her to stay inside by the fire. I proceed to get all of the supplies from the truck, though by this time it is almost completely buried, and bring them inside. Then I went out to where I have a woodpile, and started to bring in enough wood to last for a couple of days. After I had finished, there was an unmistakable aroma in the air, that’s when I noticed she had made us dinner. I gladly sat down and ate with a renewed appetite; everything she had made seemed so delicious. As I ate I watched her, and noticed that she was awkward, she seemed to be trying to duplicate my actions, almost as if she has never used silverware before. Her expressions as she ate almost looked as if she had never tried any of the plain foods before, or that they were exotic delicacies to her. I found this woman fascinating, alluring, and mysterious, yet her innocence triggered in me the feelings of protectiveness that I would have only for a small child, not for a grown adult, even when it was a woman as attractive as she was.

It had been a long day and an even longer drive, so I was more than ready for bed. Since the water pipes were frozen, I quickly filled as many post & pans as I could with pieces of icicles & snow, then put them by the fire, which I have stoked with extra logs. I made the bed for her, and then spread a layer of blankets out on the floor, laying my favorite sleeping bag on top of them. I wished her goodnight and climbed into my sleeping bag. As I drifted off to sleep, she shut off the lantern and walked to the bed, so softly I barely heard her footsteps. In the morning I awoke to the realization that I had slept without the nightmare that had haunted me every night for the past year, and to my delight, found that she had crawled in beside me, and her arms were wrapped around me tight. Even through the heavy flannel of my shirt, I could feel the pressure of her breasts against my back. In her arms I felt a sense of comfort and a feeling of love that seemed to radiate from her. I soon drifted back to sleep, this time I had dreams of her in my arms as we made love.

Later when I woke up, she wasn’t there, and I missed her arms around me. Looking at my watch it was past noon, I had slept for over 12 hours! In the bathroom, I took a long look in the mirror, and realized how unkempt my appearance was. With my long oily hair, ragged looking beard & mustache, sunken hollow eyes, I looked like what I was, an alcoholic who didn’t care. Looking over I noticed that the tub was filled with steaming water, and that everything except a razor was laid out, waiting for me. Gazing at the water made me realize, how great it would be to be really clean again. With a mixture of disgust & self-pity I stripped off my grimy clothes, and gratefully climbed into the water. 

After a vigorous scrubbing I was ready to call myself clean, but I was wondering about how I could rinse off when the door opened, and she walked in, carrying a large stockpot of clean water. The first words she had ever spoken me were “Stand up.” Something about her voice and attitude carried with it an attitude of command. Due to a pavlovian reflex from my army days, I did a commanded. Then she dumped the water over my head as a rinse. Only then did I realize that here I was standing naked in front of a total stranger, but for some reason I was neither embarrassed nor excited. It was just comfortable. As she gestured for me to get out of the tub, I asked, “What’s your name?” For an instant, her face looked puzzled, then she replied “Angel.” As I stepped out of the tub, she stepped into the other room. I called out "Angel, do you have a towel?" just then she stepped into the bathroom again. In her arms she carried a couple of towels, she set them down, then took one and gently started drying me off. I knew from the warmth that she must have had them close to the fire. I was enjoying the feeling of the warm towel against my face, arms, chest and back. Then she changed towels and knelt in front of me, she dried my legs working from the bottom up, then as she reached my manhood, she stopped. I looked down on her, and saw the fascination in her face. Pulling her to her feet, I exclaimed, "Oh Angel, I’m so sorry! You’ve been so great to me. I’ve been letting you do all this when I should have done it for you. In fact, I’m supposed to do all the things you’ve done for me, after all you are my guest."

"That’s ok, I’ve enjoyed taking care of you, and would like to finish what I’ve started." I said to her "That’s ok I’ll do it." She smiled as she said, "ok then let me see you cut your own hair." I laughed at that & just nodded. "By the way, my name is David Alexander JR., but all my friends call me D.J., well at least when I had friends they did." Just then Angel lifted up on her feet and brushed her lips across mine, in a quick kiss that took my breath away, even as short as it was. She smiled and said, "that’s better, when you’re talking about the past, you frown, and your face gets all scrunched up." I just started laughing at that, and picked her up, and twirled around with her. As I set her back down, I looked into her bluish grey eyes again and marveled at the joy & life they seemed to contain. Then I quickly grabbed a towel, and wrapped it around my waist.

We went into the other room, where I found she had set up a chair by the table, and laid out on the table was my shaving gear, my comb and a pair of scissors. I sat down in the chair, and Angel began to cut my hair. As she was doing this, I enjoyed watching her. I loved seeing how as she moved and stretched, the thin material of her t-shirt was pulled taunt against her breasts. Then she moved behind me and I felt the wonderful pressure of her breasts pressed up against my back. This caused me to become hard and I began to rise against the towel wrapped around me. When Angel moved in front of me to trim my bangs, I could see that the water from my hair had been running down my back. This had caused her t-shirt to become wet, where her breasts had lain against my back. The material had become almost transparent, allowing me to see her pink nipples pushing out against the thin material, surrounded by the darker areolas. I couldn’t resist and I leaned forward and took one into my mouth, sucking on it as I rolled it between my teeth. I heard her gasp as I switched from one breast to the other. Stepping out of my reach, she said, "DJ, you'll get a really bad hair cut if you keep that up." Reluctantly, I said, "I promise I will behave as long as possible." After she finished cutting my hair, she sat upon my lap, then looked me in the eyes, and in a soft voice that seemed to reach down inside me, said “I want to make love to you, but I’ve never been with a man before.” Hearing this brought forth a storm of emotions, no less violent then, the storm that was still raging outside. I had wanted to push her away, to tell her that no one could take my sweet Sarah’s place. Yet there was a part of me that wanted to take this woman, and ravage her, to use her to fulfill my needs. I also felt that strange protectiveness of her, which made me want to protect her from any harm, including protecting her from myself. Finally the love and caring that I had ling ago buried in me, won out, with a strong exercise of will power, I gently wrapped my arms around her, and pulled her close. As softly as possible I whispered, “I want you, I want to taste you, I want to be inside of you so bad that it hurts, but we’ll take this as slow as you need.” I then stood, lifting her as I did so. I walked over to the sleeping bag, where I sat her down, once again I marveled at how light she was. I knelt in front of her then kissed her on the lips softly at first, then with increased passion, as she responded. I pulled away and slowly ran my hands down from her shoulders to her waist. I then took the edge of her t-shirt in my hand and started lifting it up over her head. When I saw her unrestrained breasts, I paused to admire them. As firm and upright as her breasts were, I could tell why she hadn’t felt the need to wear a bra. I fought the urge to bury my head between them, to suck on her nipples, then to lick my way around and down each taunt mound. With a shudder I quickly pulled her shirt the rest of the way off. My emotional storm was still raging inside of me, and I realized how close I was to losing all control. With a deep breath to clear my head, I made myself calm down, so that I wouldn’t take this woman in a flurry of passion, and ruin this for her.

Leaning forward, I took her face in my hands, and looking into her eyes said, "If you need me to slow down or stop, just let me know, I want to make this perfect for you." Angel looked at me, and in that voice of hers that sends shivers through me said, "I trust you D.J." She tilted her face up to mine, and kissed me on the lips. As she did so, she took her hands and placed them on the back of my head, and we kissed until we were out of breath. I then proceeded to kiss and nibble on her ear lobe, as I allowed my hands to wander over her back, enjoying the feeling of her bare skin under my hands. I then proceeded to kiss and nibble along her jaw line, occasionally allowing my self to return to those wonderful lips that seemed to beckon to me as if I was a sailor following a siren’s call. From there I began to explore along and under the jaw line, onto her neck down to where it flowed into her shoulders. As I lifted her hair out of the way, I allowed my fingers to run through it, feeling the silky smoothness on my rough hands. As I was kissing and nibbling the back of her neck, her hair gently stroked my face and lips. Then I moved to her back again, where with each pass of my hands, over her bare skin, I could feel the warmth, the life of her as if she had more life, more passion than any person could possibly have. I found myself drawn time & time again back to those lips. The touch of them had an almost aphrodisiac like effect on me. As we began to relax, I allowed my tongue to slip in between her lips. As my tongue explored the warmth of her mouth, her tongue made contact with mine, and we toyed with each other’s tongues. No matter that we had been kissing, and I had been devoting myself to her for more than 30 minutes; I was still in a strong state of arousal. As I shifted my position, my towel slipped off, and my erection sprang forth, only to press against the warm flesh of her belly. Angel slipped her hands down, pushing the towel the rest of the way off of me, and then grasped me. "It’s so soft, and yet so hard!"

I just looked at her smiled, and with great reluctance said "do that later, let me take care of you first." Then I went back to kissing her on the neck, this time I allowed myself to slip down to her shoulders. I kissed and nibbled along her collarbones, as I massaged the back of her neck with my hands. As she relaxed into me, I became bolder, allowing my hands to slowly trace down her sides. Occasionally I would stop to enjoy the feel of her breasts resting against the palms of my hands. Realizing that I was getting close to loosing control again, I took one of her arms in my hands, and started kissing along it. As I was kissing her, I was watching & listening to her so I could learn best where to touch her to arouse her best. After I had traversed the length of her arm a couple of times, I took her hand between mine, and kissed the palm of her hand, and her fingertips. As I did, I felt her breaths become quicker, and her weight shift as the excitement increased within her. I went back to kissing her palm, then fingertips. After kissing the tip of each finger, I took it into my mouth and sucked lightly. As I did this I watched the wonderful _expression on her face, her lips were slightly parted, her breath coming in shallow gasps, and her eyes were closed.

After providing the same loving attention to her other arm, I laid her back and straddling her waist, allowed my attention to shift to her breasts. As I leaned forward my erection, pressed against her soft abdomen. I reached for her breasts, enjoying the full feeling I got as I cupped them in my hands. I then I traced her areolas with a finger, in a spiral pattern, working my way in towards her nipples. Then I lightly pinched them between my fingers, and rolled them back and forth. In her excitement, they felt almost as hard as I was. I darted my tongue across each nipple to tease her. As I enjoyed the view of the pink nipples standing out in the middle of the darker circles, I whispered, "Oh Angel my darling, I can’t believe how lucky I am." Then giving into the desire I’d been repressing, I buried my face in the valley between her breasts. As I breathed in, I enjoyed the sweet scent of her, and ran my tongue along the valley between her breasts. The taste of her was a combination of sweet and salty, a combination of perfume and sweat perhaps? Then I suckled upon her left nipple, as I allowed my hand to toy with her right nipple and breast. At first with her nipple in my mouth, I sucked on it gently, then harder as she responded to the touch of my tongue flicking over it. I allowed my teeth to clamp down on her nipple rolling it between my teeth firmly but without actually biting down. Just as she could no longer lie still, I released her nipple from my mouth, and then switch my attentions to the other one. This time I kissed her nipple then began sucking on it, as if coaxing it to release sweet nectar. After I teased her nipples long enough, I moved so I was laying on top of her, still pressing my erection into her midriff. I leaned forward and proceeded to kiss her deeply, allowing my tongue to slip between her lips as she responded. When kissing her, I seemed to loose all track of time. After our lips parted, I slid down her body, allowing my erection to slide over the warm skin of her belly. Then I began kissing her stomach, working across then dropping down to kiss across the other way. As I was moving lower, she began to instinctively scoot upwards. I was not to be put off though, and made sure I didn’t miss a spot. Finally I reached the top of her faded blue jeans. As I knelt in front of her, I noticed a darker blue spot right in the middle. Testing my theory, I placed a kiss right in the middle, and sure enough she was moist enough that it had wet her jeans all the way through. I cupped my hand over her mound feeling the warmth & the moisture right through the materials of her jeans. I then unbuttoned them, and as slowly as possible I pulled the zipper down. As I did, I noticed hairs the color of ripe hay peeking out. No panties, my kind of girl! After unzipping her jeans all the way, I pulled the flap over, and placed a kiss on the shiny mat of hairs. They were as soft as down, and the taste of her was better then the finest wine or food, could ever be.

To resist the temptation to bury my face in the soft down, I slowly counted to 100 as I pulled her jeans off. As she lay in all her glory in front of me, I gazed at her in wonder and awe. I watched the flickering of the fire reflected in her eyes and hair, and then my eyes began to travel down her body, following each sensuous curve. The dew upon her downy hairs reflected the firelight, marking the entrance to her as if there were a hundred lit candles inviting me to put their fire out. Slipping one hand along each silky thigh, I gently spread her legs. As I knelt between them, I softly ran my hands over her thighs. As I moved my hands upwards until it seemed to her that they would touch her silken hairs, I would reverse direction. Then I lazily traced the curves of her legs from those milky thighs, over her knees, down her shapely calves to her ankles and onto her feet. As I reached her feet, I briefly massaged them, rubbing the bottoms deeply, with my thumbs. Then I worked my way up the backs of her legs. As I got to the back of her knees, I noticed her reaction, she let out a little sigh and a smile, so I lingered there until she began to breath heavier, and started to push her hips towards me, Then I continued working my way back up to those heavenly hips. After I had made my way back up to her hips I straddled her right leg. Leaning forward, I began nibbling and kissing her inner thigh, never getting into the golden mound. Her juices were flowing enough to allow me a taste of their sweetness, as they flowed out of the soft downy region of her. I kissed and nibbled on her thighs, until they were clean. Then I resumed my downward journey, paying special attention to those areas; I discovered would give her the most pleasure. I took my time, making sure to keep her aroused. I wanted to keep her on the verge of an orgasm without pushing her over the edge! After I had made my way down to her foot, I gave it a long, sensuous massage, before switching to her other foot, and repeating my attentions to her other leg as I worked my way back towards the heaven that awaited me between them. Having worked my way back up, I found that once again her inner thighs were coated with her juices. This time as I allowed myself the pleasure of tasting them, I started flicking my tongue over her outer lips. Not until she was writhing around trying to impale herself upon my tongue, did I allow myself the pleasure of exploring the sweet treasure hidden within her folds. As I slid my tongue slowly down her slit, I started to apply pressure, forcing the tip just inside of her. I wanted to spend an eternity in that most heavenly of places. As my cock twitched & jerked, her breathing became heavier and she began to lift her hips up, I knew that neither of us would be able to hold off much longer. Now, with each pass of my tongue, I let it delve deeper & deeper between her folds, until it was fully buried. At either end of my stroke, I began to tease her nodule or slip my tongue in & out of her. As she began to climax, I concentrated on her nodule, allowing my slow languid licks to become much more frequent and faster. Finally she came with a shudder and a sort of a moan, as I felt a gush of moisture flowing onto my willing tongue. As she came, I kept it up until she had become too sensitive for me to continue and she pushed me away. 
