 She was hungry, God, she was so damn hungry. She wasn't hungry for food. She needed to be prey – only the Wolf would understand. No one else knew this need – only him.

Many nights in her dreams he came to see her. But today there was no sleep. She didn't expect to see him, dream him. She went about her business of cleaning when she felt the presence behind her. Turning around, she saw his eyes, a perfect grey-blue, search her own. He taught her that wolves always look their prey in the eye before they attack, before they take and feed. 

His head near her ear he gave her a hushed, guttural growl. She wasn't afraid, instead the part inside that needed awoke and spoke to the rest of her. Her blue eyes pierced in to his and she understood. She understood that by him feeding, she will be fed. 

She was against the wall of the staircase. He unbuttoned each of the small blue buttons of her denim dress and he found a beautiful green lace bra elegantly displaying her breasts. Lace boy shorts complimented the ensemble. He removed the bra and the boy shorts quickly – efficiently – keeping the dress on her body. He had no time in his need to feed for elegance. His arms lifted hers over her head. His eyes told her to hold them there. He reached to a sack he carried and took out scarf and tied them to the slats. The dress hung on her and he liked it that way. He looked her over, examining his prey. 

Quickly he spread her legs with his denim-clad leg pushing his thigh high up to the parts of her she found hungry. He was much taller than she was and his head came down to her neck. She felt his scruff short seconds before his lips and teeth. 

He smelled her need. He sensed her power and strength in her need. Biting her neck he loved hearing the gasp. He took her head in his large trained hands, and kissed and bit her pale freckly neck while she purred her pleasure. Moving her face back up he looked deep in her eyes showing her that there was no stopping the feeding. He took her mouth, owned it, possessed it. 

She gave more than he took. Her hunger for him unparalleled, she tasted his mouth, tasted his hunger, tasted her wolf. Her body was on fire – he always raised her temperature to fever pitch. 

H was ravishing her mouth, taking, showing her what he intended. In his passion he bit her bottom lip. Was there blood? She licked to taste it and wasn't sure – didn't care. More – she only thought of more. His thigh kept pressing against her as he took her mouth. His muscled thigh clad in denim rubbing up against her. She was wet, aching, needing. Closer and closer she felt the build. 

He wouldn't make her wait this first time, her pleasure fed him and he was hungry. There would be no stopping her pleasure. Rubbing and turning he moved his knee and thigh. He felt her tensing. He moved down and took first her left nipple in his mouth. God, he loved her nipples, perfect rocks in his mouth. She was purring her pleasure at his mouth. More, she needed more. He needed to push her over, he had to have this. He took her right nipple in her mouth, knowing it was the more sensitive one. Again her body tensed against him. Yes! He thrived on this. This is what fed him. He looked up at her face all squinched in pain pleasure as he bit her nipples, tugging them, sucking them hard. 

Her orgasm lashed out violently against his thigh and before she had a chance to calm, his mouth took her lower lips in and drank from her. Her second orgasm was immediate and she gushed in to his mouth feeding his need as his tongue probed and tasted. 


He let her calm this time before he started again. He first flicked his tongue tasting her essence, then licked up her body paying attention to spots that always seem to be more sensitive immediately after she's shattered. Spots she didn't even know existed. He kissed her again – letting her taste her pleasure. They shared it as he heard the moan of knowing how she tasted.

His jeans, very uncomfortable now, came off quickly. He lifted his t-shirt over his head displaying his chest. He rubbed against her letting her feel how hungry he still was. He took and it fed him, engorged him, lengthened him. Now he needed to take again, more completely. 

She felt how hard he was, knew what he intended and she needed it, too. Her hunger for him never diminished. Each time together fed her addiction and she only needed more, sooner, NOW until she couldn't handle it anymore. 

He put his hands in her wild hair and kissed her again, pushing flesh of the wolf against flesh of the prey. Their hungers fed each other and soon he needed more. He pushed the tip in to her and she moaned in his mouth. This time he pushed deep, deeper, ALL the way deep inside. She gasped. She tensed and came immediately – couldn't stop the intensity. Moaning and gasping her pleasure, purring it like the animal she was. 

He pulled her legs around him and held her body as she was tied to the slats and he pushed in to him. She had gushed all over his cock and his appetite was being quenched by her pleasure. He needed more, hungry wolf that he was. He continued. He fucked her. He took her. He possessed her. There was no mercy in the build inside of him. Her face showed her constant pleasure. Her body his for the taking and he took and owned as he saw fit. Thrusting deep inside her, hearing her joyous scream again he needed completion. He looked in her eyes. Saw all she was, all she felt, all her emotions and right as she came again he thrust deep and hard and filled her. His gasp was more primal, guttural. 

He saw her eyes soften. Undoing the scarf on her hands he lifted her down, carried her to the couch, wrapped her in his arms and silently thanked her for sating him. 

Only the wolf understands her hunger and only the wolf can satisfy it.