 At the Hilton, when we identified ourselves, the manager introduced himself, and explained about the room. "The room that opened up is the bridal suite. The couple that had reserved it was caught in an airport during the storm. What a place to spend your honeymoon huh?" He continued as we entered the elevators, "So anyway if you like the room, we’ll give it to you at the price of a regular room, since I won’t be able to book it for full price this late." As we entered the room, I wondered just how much this room normally cost; I was thinking probably about $300 or more a night. The room was laid out as a small apartment. As we entered to the right was a small kitchen area complete with refrigerator, sink and everything. To the left was a bathroom, with separate shower & tub, and dual sinks. The shower was one of those with two showerheads & looked large enough for 6 people. The bathtub was a sunken marble tub that looked equally large.
As we entered the next area room, there was an entertainment center complete with a surround sound system, a 32" TV, with DVD & VCR players; a selection of movies was neatly arrayed, on a shelf on the table next to it, and a 6 CD changer. There was also big comfortable looking couch and chairs, and in the corner by a large picture window was a hot tub, that was even larger than the tub in the bathroom. The walls were tastefully wallpapered in a muted pastel & floral pattern, with what looked like original paintings, hung on the wall. Then through a set of folding mirrored doors, was the bedroom. The size of the room, almost made the king size bed look small. There was plenty of room around it even with a nightstand on both sides, and a dresser at the foot. All the furniture was cherry, and on the dresser sat another 32" TV, also with DVD & VCR players. Through a door off to the right, was a half bath. I walked back out to the other room, and opened the curtain as I looked outside from 20 stories up; I spoke to the manager and said, "We’ll take it." He replied, "Great I’ll call down and have your bags sent up." As he stepped into the bedroom to use the phone, Angel came up beside me, and I pulled her in front of me, so I could hold her, as we gazed out at the snow covered countryside. I whispered to her, "this is almost as good as being on a real honeymoon with you."

We came back to the real world as the doorbell rang. It was the bellman with the bags, and a waiter with a cart. As the bellman carried the bags into the bedroom, and placed them on the bed, the waiter rolled the tray into the sitting room and unloaded it on the table. The manager thanked us and left. As the bellman & the waiter were leaving I tipped them. When I turned back, I saw Angel carrying stuff into the full size bathroom. While I waited to hear the sound of water running, I took a look at what had been on the cart, A dozen, red, long stem roses, champagne, and a plate of strawberries. I heard the sound of water running in the shower by this time, so I took my clothes off, and went to join Angel. As I entered the bathroom, I noticed the Victoria’s Secret Bags tucked away under the shelf. As I went to get in the shower with Angel, I saw the outline of her body silhouetted against the frosted glass. As I stood there admiring the way her lithe body moved, and it excited me. Smiling to myself I quietly slid the shower door open, and got in the shower with her, stepping up behind her, I pressed my erection into the small of her back, and I wrapped my arms around her. I asked her, "Need any help washing your back?"

In response she just leaned back against me and asked, "What took you so long?" I kissed her on the neck, as I took the soap from her. Working up a good lather, I worked my hands from her neck down to her shoulders. As I did she kept pressing and moving her wet smooth skin against me, keeping me in an aroused state. After massaging her neck & shoulders, I slid my hands down to her breasts, washing them in a circling motion, as I worked my way from the base to the nipples of her firm breasts. I allowed myself to pinch her nipples & play with her breasts. I loved the feeling of having them sliding against my hands, and watching the suds come and go as I moved my hands, and the water sprayed against them. Finally I moved my hands down to her belly, where I enjoyed the feeling of the slight roundness of it under my hands. After several explorations up and down her belly that just grazed the triangle down below, I moved my hands down between her legs. As I washed and played with her, I could tell that all the moisture I was feeling wasn’t just soap and water. Stepping back I pulled Angel with me, so that the flow of the water would be working on her, at the same time as my fingers were.

As I was exploring her folds, she began to moan, and leaned back even harder against me as she was leaning back she arched her neck, exposing it for my lips to explore. The combination of my lips on her neck, the force of the water coupled with my fingers working on her pussy was quickly driving her to the edge. I moved my fingers up to her clit, and worked them faster in response to her moans. When she came, it caused her to push back against me so hard, that it caused me to stumble backwards. I barely kept my balance keeping us from falling over. After we both had regained our balance, she turned to face me, and kissed me deeply. As we kissed, I became aware of an urgent need of my own. Her amazing lightness came in handy, as I wrapped my arms around her and picked her up. I lowered her just enough to impale her on my erection. Instinctively she wrapped her legs around me. Stepping forward, I kept one arm wrapped around her, and leaned against the wall with my other arm for support. In this position, I began to pump in & out of her, recognizing that with my need so great that, this would be a short interlude, that would relieve the pressure, so I could take my time later, to ensure that I was giving her my best.

After a few quick thrusts, I thrust into her as deep & as hard as I could, I came so hard, that I thought I was going to hurt something. After I had finished, we actually washed each other off. I enjoyed tracing my hands long every inch of her skin, as I washed Angel’s body from her face to her toes. Then I proceeded to wash her hair. I poured some of her strawberry scented shampoo into my hand, and began to work it into her hair. As I ran my hands, through her hair, I noticed how much darker it became when wet, than her pubic hair. I ran my hands through the long tresses, making sure to get them all soaped up. After her locks were thoroughly cleansed, I took a little more shampoo, and with it began to massage her scalp. I gently used my fingers, slowly increasing the force as she got into it. When I had finished, I had her tilt her head back into the spray, so I could rinse her hair out. As I did, I found my fingers repeatedly pulling through her hair tugging lightly as I daydreamed about how it would feel to spend the rest of my life with her in it. When I was finished she began to wash me. I loved the way that her hands, seemed to find my sorest spots, and ease the pain. When she was finished, I sighed and held her tight, wishing that there were more to do. Then inspiration struck me, "Would you like me to shave your legs?" 

"Yes DJ, I think that would be nice," was Angel’s answer. So I reached over and turned the water away from us, and grabbed the shaving cream. Squirting a generous helping in my hands, I spread the shaving cream from her ankles up to the tops of her thighs, with a slow sensuous motion, tracing along her erogenous zones as I worked my way upwards. Once I had her legs completely covered, I found that I have overdone the shaving cream. Looking up at Angel, with a mischievous smile, I said, "Lets save this for later, we might need more." With that, I swiped the extra on her pubic hairs. I then took a razor out of the package. Starting with her left leg, I began shaving her from the ankle up. I would shave a few inches, rinse off the razor, and then continue shaving her leg. It was almost like unwrapping a present, because with each swipe of the razor, more and more of her legs were revealed. After I was over the calve, I started letting my hand trace up over the bare skin, ostensibly to make sure I hadn’t missed any spots, but in reality to enjoy the sensations that touching her warm skin brought to me. As I made my way onto her upper thigh, I was very careful when shaving up into where her legs met. After all I wouldn’t want to damage anything important! Having finished that leg, I proceeded to kiss my way up it, enjoying the way the lotion and the razor had left it silky smooth. When I kissed her inner thigh, I noticed that the shaving cream on her mound was beginning to drip, evidence that she was enjoying my assistance in shaving her legs. I then began to shave the right leg following the same series of steps. However I did add some variations, like kissing the insides of her knees, and both thighs when I had reached top of her right leg. After both legs were completed, I was running both hands, up and down her smooth legs. As I neared the top, I stopped when my hands were on her inner thighs, and said, "Oops I missed a spot. Better let me fix that."

I grabbed a fresh razor, and got it wet, then carefully brought it to the top of her mound. Looking up at Angel, I searched her face for any sign to stop. She just smiled and said, "Go ahead." Taking a deep breath to steady myself, I placed the razor at the top of her pubic hairs. With smooth, short strokes, I began shaving her. I concentrated at first on the middle area of her mound, rinsing the razor after each stroke. As I shaved her, her pussy lips became visible, and as I worked they began to part a little, and I could see the beads of moisture forming between them. The urge to slip my tongue between her lips and taste those beads of moisture was so great that only the knowledge that if I stopped I wouldn’t be able to finish, kept me going. With a few more strokes, there was a bare steak right down the middle. To get the areas close to her legs, I had to have her spread her legs. So I had Angel prop her left leg up on my shoulder. When I leaned back, I could gaze down, the length of her leg, my eyes following the curves down to the v where heaven awaits. I began to shave around her left leg, and as I shaved her, I became more & more excited as I exposed more of her previously hidden skin. By the time I had finished shaving her left side, I was fighting the temptation to hurry up, so I could bury my face between her legs. I knew however that my patience would be rewarded in time. As I had her switch legs, I could see how excited she had become, the drops of moisture, I had seen earlier, had become a flood, rising almost over her parted lips. Taking another deep breath, I began shaving around Angel’s right leg, as I did, I almost began to quiver in anticipation of seeing her completely bare. As I was about ready to shave the last patch, my hand began to shake with excitement. I steadied my hand, and when I was confident that I could do this, I finally took the final stroke. I tossed the razor to one corner of the shower, grabbed a washcloth and wiped the last traces of shaving cream, and hairs away.
Right in front of my eyes she is completely exposed to me. It’s like looking at some exotic flower. Yet one unlike any other I’ve ever seen before. The closest flower I can compare it to is an orchid, beautiful, rare, desired by many, but possessed by few. Her normal scent had been washed away, replaced by the soft aroma of the soap, and shaving gel. Placing an arm around her waist, I pull her closer so my face is almost buried in between her legs. I plant a kiss upon her, enjoying how smooth the skin is, with no hairs to stick me. I slide my tongue up & down her parted lips, pressing them open wider as I go. Then I slide it inside of her, searching, probing for that magical spot that will wed her to me body & soul. As I probe her depths, she pulled my head in closer to her body, and tightened the grip of her leg against my back. Her cries become more urgent & echoed against the shower walls, I knew I found that spot. As her cries become more frantic, my tongue kept pace with her, moving faster & faster as she drew closer to her release. With a massive shudder, she pulled my face tighter against her, so tight I wonder how I can breathe. However, I kept at it, this time slowly dropping the pace to bring her down, from her peak. I only stop when she can’t take anymore, and pushes me away. After she unhooked her leg, she took a step back and slowly slid down, slumping against the shower wall, tilting her back, letting the water wash over her face and body. Looking down at her I realize, how much I have come to love this woman in these few short days. 

I stepped to her, running my hand over her hair. When she recovered, looking up at me with those blue-grey eyes, she knelt in front of me & started to take me in her mouth. This was not, what I had in mind, so I stepped back, and shut off the water. Then I scooped her up in my arms, and carried her out to the bed. Once there, I laid her on the bed and grabbed the champagne and the strawberries. Pouring us each a glass, I raised my glass and gave this toast, "To the woman who has saved my life and shown me how to live again, I pledge my love." We clinked glasses and sipped at our champagne. I took a strawberry, and held it to Angel’s lips. As I fed her the strawberry, I gazed into her eyes and saw the reflection of my love for her. As the last of the strawberry slid between her lips, she pulled my head down to hers, and kissed me deeply. I could taste the strawberry on her lips, and on her tongue when she slipped it in between my lips. The kiss seemed to linger on forever, and when we finally parted it was as if I was a part of me had been severed. Picking up another strawberry, I let her take a bite, then I pulled it away.  I took it and slowly drew a line down her neck to her breasts, swirling it around each nipple, and sliding it down over her belly, circling her belly button. Continuing on down to her newly bare mound, and it was there that I found a home for that lucky strawberry. I began to kiss & flick my tongue along the trail I had made. When I got to her breasts, I paused, grabbed my champagne glass and tipping it, let a little of the champagne run down over each nipple. Then dripping a little down over her belly, it pooled in her belly button, and then trickled down into the V between her legs. Setting my glass aside, I began to drink the champagne from her naked body. Taking my time I made sure to get every drop from her breasts, enjoying the unique taste of champagne, strawberry, and her. Nuzzling between her breasts, I lapped up the champagne that had pooled there, and then I followed the trail down over her belly, stopping to drink the pooled champagne. When I reached the V between her legs, I poured more champagne over her, and lowered my face between her legs, and used my tongue to lap up the champagne that had mixed with her natural nectar. As I started probing her depths with my tongue, I found the strawberry; I had hidden within her folds, and sucked it into my mouth. As I did, I felt a tug on my legs, glancing back at Angel, I saw what she had in mind, and swung my leg over her, so that I was straddling her body, with my cock poised above her face. I felt a cool sensation, on my cock and knew that Angel was following my example with the strawberry. As she pulled me down, to her waiting mouth, I resumed my explorations of her depths. It was hard to concentrate on my attempts to please her, with the sensation of her lips and mouth surrounding me as her tongue worked its magic on me. 
After I was sure that I had gotten every drop of champagne that I could, I became so eager & ready for her that I practically leapt off of her so I could turn around and take her. I didn’t waste any time, I just lifted her legs up over my shoulders and slid inside of her. I began pumping for all I was worth. We both knew that it wouldn’t take me long to explode, with all the waiting I had been doing. Soon enough, I gave a final thrust and curried myself inside of her as my passion exploded deep within her. After I pulled loose, I lay down beside her and pulled her into my arms, breathing in the scent of her shampoo. We lay there cuddling and kissing and watching old movies, until we fell asleep.

The next morning I was awakened, to a knocking at the door. "Who is it?" I asked. The answer was "Room Service." "Be right there," I called out. I grabbed a robe to put on, and awakened Angel with a soft kiss and whispered, "As much as I hate to say it, you better go put something on, room service is here with breakfast." Angel stretched, and unashamedly walked naked across the room and into the bathroom. I didn’t move until I lost sight of her completely. Then I went and let the waiter into the room. I had the waiter set the food up in the sitting room, so we could gaze out the picture window as we ate. After I tipped him, and he left. I went to the bathroom door, and poked my head in. Angel was in the shower. "Breakfast is ready" "Give me a minute" she replied. With a smile I offered, "Breakfast can wait, I could join you." "No, I’ll be out in a minute, close the door and no peeking!"

I went back out & sat down. I was gazing out the window, when I heard a rustling of cloth behind me. I turned around and there she stood. Her auburn hair was hanging loose about her, framing that beautiful face and those sexy blue-grey eyes. She was wearing a long gown that swirled about her feet. It was a royal purple gown, with a deep v of lace, that hinted of the treasures to be found underneath it, and a long slit up her left leg that went all the way up to her hip, so that with every step, I got a wonderful view of her leg. We sat there eating and talking about what we should do that day. I kept getting distracted, because Angel was running the ball of her foot up & down my leg. By the time breakfast was over, I knew exactly how I wanted to start the morning! As Angel got up to remove the dishes, I stood up and turned my chair towards the window, then shrugged out of my robe. When Angel turned around, she saw me, her smile continued right on up into the twinkle in her eyes. She started to pull her nightgown off, and I said, "Leave it on, and come here." As she stepped in front of me, I lifted her gown around her waist & pulled her forward so she was straddling the chair and me. With a deft motion, she lowered herself on me, and let the gown fall all around us. I loved the feeling of the satin moving against my skin, and the warm wetness of her, as she rocked up and down. I ran my hands up and down her back, enjoying the texture of the material under my fingertips. Being this close, I could see the outline of her breasts through the lace. As we had a night to rest up, there was no immediate hurry, I could enjoy the feeling of Angel’s movements as she lifted herself up and then lowered herself to me. When she was almost standing up, I was barely in her & felt a relatively cool breeze on my shaft, and when she sank down onto me, all I felt was a velvety warm wetness surrounding and clutching me. As we were making love, over her shoulder I could see the sun begin to rise into the December sky. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of bliss, I was nearing the point of orgasm. I started bucking my hips up, as I pulled down on Angel’s waist urging her to go faster & faster, as I neared the peak. Finally with a guttural moan, I pulled down as tight as I could on her at the same time as I pushed into her as hard as I could. I could feel myself spasm inside of her, letting forth my cum deep into her. As I relaxed, I pulled her tight to me and held her. A little while later, she pulled back, kissing me on the lips, softly yet very passionately, feeling as though she was reaching deep into my soul, she then stood up, and my still semi-hard cock slid out of her.
