 After a brief rest Phoenix rolled back on top of Trevor, sliding his swiftly re-hardening cock into her. She rocked up and down on top of him slowly and smiled down at him with a wicked gleam in her eyes. "So what do we do now, oh master planner?" She teased, echoing his thoughts of a moment before.

Trevor sighed and rolled his eyes, "As if I could think of anything but you right now?" A light moan slipped out as he grabbed Phoenix's hips, helping to lift her and thrust back deeply. Phoenix's eyes closed as all 6 inches slid tantalizingly slowly in and out of her tight wet cunt. Her nails dug into Trevor's muscled chest, tearing the flesh and drawing fresh lines of blood that beaded across his skin like tiny rubies. The pain send shudders of pleasure through Trevor's body and he gripped her hips tighter, slamming more forcefully in.

With the huge cock striking against every wall Phoenix was quickly moaning in pleasure. She rode atop Trevor, her head thrown back, moaning in ecstasy. With a sudden movement she came forward, her lips pressing hungrily into his, their tongues darting back and forth in a wild dance. Their sweat drenched bodies slid together in a primal frenzy as their lusts dominated them.

Trevor heaved his hips powerfully and twisted to the side, flipping the both of them in a 180, his biceps flexing as he pinned Phoenix's arms to the ground. His breathing came heavily, still not fully rested from the last round, each deep breath sprinkling drops of his blood onto Phoenix's chest. His mouth moved to her neck again, teeth gently worrying the torn flesh and lapping sweetly at the life that flowed out. He slid his cock from inside her and began running the length of the shaft tightly against her throbbing clit.

Phoenix's moans grew more intense as he stroked her clit, the sensation burning up through her whole body like the holiest of flames. She writhed beneath his muscled form, the approaching orgasm sending her into paroxysms of pleasure. Suddenly she was engulfed in rapturous pleasure, her screams echoing around the tiny walls of the safe house. With a sudden movement Trevor thrust back into her, uttering a feral growl. Her pussy convulsed tightly around his massive cock as she came; the tight, wet sensation sending a euphoria through Trevor's mind, her orgasmic screams heightening it. With a low gasp of pleasure Trevor too came, squirting his hot and sticky load deep into Phoenix.

With a sigh of contentment Trevor dropped down onto Phoenix, propping himself up just enough that she didn't bear his weight. Phoenix nibbled his ear lightly and said, "Perhaps the Brotherhood will offer me asylum? I've no doubt of your people's spying capabilities, but I'm sure I have information you'd find useful."

Trevor laughed, "No doubt, assuming your people don't kill us first for your betrayal. Or mine don't kill us before I can explain that I didn't betray them."

In short order the two had cleaned themselves and gotten dressed in different clothing. Phoenix wrapped her bright red hair in a scarf and a cloak to conceal her sword. Trevor drew out his dagger and placed it in the hip satchel he wore. With a quick look outside he saw the way was clear and signaled Phoenix out into the alley. Moving quickly but without obvious urgency they merged into the bustling street, quickly blending in with the crowd.

Trevor spend years stalking prey and knew the feeling of being followed. And right now his hunter's sense was warning him to find an escape route. Grabbing Phoenix's hand he began leading her more purposefully through the crowd, drawing her to an even more crowded thoroughfare. He began leading them swiftly through the gathered mass attempting to disappear into the confused huddle. Still feeling the eyes upon him he reached into his coin purse and made a display of throwing a handful of coins to the ground behind him.

Chaos erupted as people scrambled for the coins, anyone behind him would find it impossible to make it passed the knot of people battling each other for a meager payout. The two of them gave up stealth and made a quick getaway, Phoenix following Trevor's lead through a twisting route of side streets and alley ways. Finally they came to an unremarkable building, rather dilapidated looking, undeserving of a second glance. With a quick glance around to ensure they were unobserved Trevor knocked out the secret rhythm on the wooden door and quietly whispered the password for the week.

The door opened a crack, and seeing the legendary White Wolf there, the initiate brother who was posted to door duty quickly threw it open and ushered them inside. After he had shut it and fastened the lock he spun about to observe them. His eyes lingered on Phoenix, but he said nothing.

"Is the Master in?" Trevor asked. The initiate nodded confirmation and Trevor set off without another word, deftly sidestepping the fire pit in the center of the room. Before he could leave the entry chamber though the Master and several of the Brotherhood stepped out to confront him, discreetly surrounding him. "Master, I have..." He started.

The Master held his hand up to silence Trevor. "We had another watching you, we know all that has transpired." He turned his gaze on Phoenix. "And you, you come to us to join our Brotherhood?"

Phoenix stepped forward to kneel lightly before the Master. "Yes, I am here to serve."

Suddenly a sharp crack rang out as a battering ram slammed into the door, all heads but Phoenix's turning to the unexpected sound. "Just not to serve you!" She shouted gleefully. Her sword arced out from beneath her cloak as she stood, her blade cleanly lopping off the Master's head, blood fountained out and stained her clothes to match her hair. The door exploded inwards from the force of the ram and Temple Knights quickly poured into the room, dispatching the stunned assassins.

Trevor reached into his satchel as Phoenix spun on him her sword going low to disembowel him. His blade went flying far from his reach as he collapsed to the ground beside the fire pit, but still he groped around in the sack. Phoenix stood over him a wild, gloating expression on her face, proud to have tricked a trickster.

"The Magistrate?" Trevor asked, trying to buy a few precious moments.

Phoenix laughed coldly. "I never liked him. A fitting, and pleasant, sacrifice."

Trevor found what he was seeking and drew for a cloth wrapped bundle that he held out over the flames. "Oh, and what's that?" Phoenix asked tauntingly, "Some top secret documents you don't want us to see."

A wicked and sly grin that would have made his namesake proud spread across the White Wolf's face. "No," he whispered, "M.A.D."

The knights all stood gathered around the fire as Trevor released the package. A tightly wrapped block of black powder, packed with poison coated shrapnel landed in the flames and quickly ignited. Trevor's eyes locked onto Phoenix's as the light flashed brightly.