 Trevor moved cautiously through the crowded marketplace, his hand never straying far from his dagger, eyes darting about warily. The masses around him were ragged and pathetic for the most part, frightened and beaten creatures scraping out a living. When the Templars came they said they were here to make peoples' lives better, they lied.

Now Trevor made his living as a member of the Brotherhood, a band of assassins fighting for the people. Countless Templars and their lackeys had died by his hand, and today he had a new target. The Knight-Marshal of the Templars was a mysterious man known only as The Phoenix. He is said to have never spoken in anyone's presence and on the battlefield he is untouchable, with a swift blade and nearly impenetrable armor. But he surely didn't sleep in that armor.

Living up to his nickname, The White Wolf, Trevor prowled through the busy avenues, never letting The Phoenix stray from his sight, never being seen by him. As they approached the estate The Phoenix called home Trevor broke off to find a point of entry. Near the rear corner one of the sentries seemed to be suffering from a hangover, his attention wavered for a moment, and that moment was all that was needed. With a silvery flash the Wolf's blade sank into the guard's throat and he was up and over the wall.

From the concealment of a bush Trevor surveyed the compound, mentally marking the patrol routes of guards and the coming and goings of the servants. He shut his eyes and recalled the blueprints he had...persuaded...the architect to turn over to him, and slowly began creeping through the foliage until he was in line with The Phoenix's living quarters before settling in for night fall.

As darkness stole over the compound the White Wolf made his move, dashing quickly from the bushes to the wall of the building and rapidly finding handholds to hoist himself to the second floor window that lead into The Phoenix's room. It had a wide and shadowy ledge and so he perched upon it, unseen, waiting for The Phoenix to enter.

Nearly half an hour had passed before Trevor's patience was rewarded. The Phoenix and an attendant entered the room. The attendant moved to help remove The Phoenix's armor but was waved away and shooed out of the door impatiently and slamming it shut behind him. A deep but oddly melodic sigh issued forth from the full face helm as metal sheathed hands reached up to remove it. Trevor slowly slid his curved blade from it's sheath, poised to strike at exposed flesh as soon as he could, firm muscles tensing for the lunge. But before he could make his strike he let out a gasp of surprise and nearly dropped his dagger.

As The Phoenix's helm came away a torrent of blood red hair spilled down, caressing a shapely neck. The Phoenix was a woman! She shook her head tossing the hair around and dropped her head back, eyes closed, issuing another stress relieving sigh. With practiced hands she began stripping off her armor and carefully laying it aside. Her breasts were bound to further the illusion of masculinity and when the wrapping was removed she was shown to be quite well endowed.

Her body was amazing, toned and firm from combat, with large breasts and a nice rounded ass. Her body rippled and undulated tantalizingly as she stretched the soreness from her muscles. Trevor was hypnotized by her luscious curves and her sweet looking full lips, for several moments he forgot to breath, let alone that he was supposed to be killing this woman. With confident strides The Phoenix left he main bedroom for her private bathroom and the sound of water being poured into a tub brought Trevor back to his senses. Carefully he eased open the window and slipped into the room.

He crept across the floor and peered around the door frame into the bathroom. The Phoenix was crouched down, lighting the fire beneath the tub to heat the water, the sight of her fine round ass pointing in his direction made Trevor grow hard and his breathing catch slightly. He bit his lip and steeled himself for the kill though. With slow deliberate motions he began stealthily moving towards her. 

There was a sudden clanging as The Phoenix's unnoticed bastard sword slid from where it was propped against the tub's rim and as she turned to retrieve it she caught Trevor out of the corner of her eye. With a swift motion her left hand closed around the pommel and she sent the blade in a backhanded arc for his face.

Trevor turned his head to the side but still took a gash along his cheekbone, a trickle of blood issuing forth. He came back around to see her following up the slash with a punch from her right. Unused to fighting someone left handed he sidestepped in the wrong direction and took the powerful blow on his right shoulder, the force nearly spinning him around. With a quick step forward he closed the gap between them and thrust his dagger towards her stomach, but her blade came down unnaturally quick to lock against his.

Their blades were intertwined and their bodies pressed close together. He could smell her sweat, the pheromones piercing into his brain like an intoxicating drug. Her eyes bored into his, flaming with passion. Before he could stop himself Trevor's face darted forward, his lips locking onto hers, tasting her. The Phoenix's eyes went wide and she pulled back, tripping over the rim of the tub and falling into the lukewarm water. She emerged quickly, her hair hanging damply about her shoulders.

"Are you here to kill me or make love to me, fool?" She asked, a slight Romanian accent setting Trevor aback once again.

"A woman, and with gypsy blood? Seems all I need to do to kill you is get the attention of your attendant. But..." Trevor responded with a lightly sinister laugh.

"But what?" The Phoenix's voice was hesitant, her eyes flickering across Trevor's firmly muscled arms and fine angular face, betraying her interest.

Trevor dropped his dagger to the floor and swaggered over to the tub, leaning down to bring his face in line with hers, a smile on his lips as he pressed them into Phoenix's, lightly at first, then hungrily as she returned the kiss, their lips consuming each other. With a low feral growl Phoenix wrapped her arm's around Trevor's neck and pulled him into the tub on top of her. Her nails clawed at his back as he frantically tore off his wet shirt, slipping out of it and tossing it aside.

Phoenix pulled her face back from his and her eyes danced over his exposed chest and she sucked hungrily on her lower lip. Trevor could see the desire in her gaze and he grinned wolfishly as his face shot forward again, teeth tearing into her shoulder, ripping the skin slightly, her sweet blood pouring onto his tongue, his own blood dripping down his chin and mingling with hers.

Phoenix let out a moan of pleasure and reached down, undoing Trevor's pants and sliding them down, her finger tips brushing his firm ass lightly, making his body ripple lightly with a suppressed tickle. Teeth and lips still working ravenously at her neck Trevor used his feet to slide his boots off and kicked his pants the rest of the way off, his athletically built body now fully exposed.

Trevor's lips came back to Phoenix's, flecks of her blood still coating them as he kissed her hungrily, hands reaching down to grab her fine ass. With a flex of bulging muscles he lifted her body and shifted himself into a better position, the head of his 6.5in shaft pressed lightly into the lips of her hungry cunt. Their eyes met again and he could see the pleading desire, the burning need in Phoenix's gaze. With a powerful thrust he buried his cock all the way inside her, her pussy was so tight he could feel it sliding against all her walls. She threw her head back with an ear shattering moan of pleasure and with a feral growl brought her mouth to Trevor's neck, sinking her teeth in and tearing at the skin as her nails dug into his lower back.

Hip's swiveling in tight circles Trevor pounded her hard, his right hand coming around to the front to stroke her clit, fingers pressed firmly against it as it throbbed in arousal. With each powerful thrust Phoenix's moans grew louder and in a matter of moments an orgasm ripped through her body, making her spasm and tighten around his cock as she screamed at the top of her lungs.

Trevor reached back around grabbing a firm hold of her ass with both hands, and with a grunt lifted her up, standing despite the precarious footing and carried her back into the bedroom, tossing her on the edge of the bed. He dropped to his knees in front of her and spread her legs wide, teeth gnashing at her inner thighs, drawing faint traces of blood that he lapped at with the hunger of a vampire. Slowly he worked his way closer and closer to her cunt; teeth, tongue and lips all embracing her skin; Phoenix's breathing growing more rapid as she tensed in anticipation. As he reached her wet cunt he suddenly stopped, his lips just barely brushing hers, warm breath roiling across her flesh. Phoenix began whimpering lightly at the delay, and Trevor chuckled darkly, then just as suddenly his tongue flashed out, striking against her clit and licking in circles on top of it.

A load surprised moan burst from Phoenix's lips and she grabbed the back of his head, pulling him in tighter against her. His lips locked down around her clit, sucking gently as his tongue continued to flick back and forth across it. Phoenix's hips swiveled as she felt the electric pleasure building inside of her again, her moans growing louder and louder. Her eyes rolled back into her head as another shattering orgasm exploded through her brain, her yells of pleasure echoing off the walls.

With the speed of a predator Trevor was back on top of her, quickly thrusting his throbbing hard cock back into her, sending after-shocks of orgasms rippling through her as his massive cock tore her wide. Phoenix's hands gripped tightly on his biceps and her eyes went wide with pleasure at the feel of his bulging muscles, his masculine physique already bringing her back to the brink of orgasm.

Trevor's face dropped to her wonderful tits and his teeth scrapped the flesh before moving to suck her nipples. As his lips tugged at her nipples Phoenix couldn't hold back any more and the biggest orgasm yet blasted through her body, her cunt convulsing even tighter around Trevor's cock, her juices coating both their legs. With an equally loud moan of pleasure Trevor too orgasmed, spraying a load of hot cum deep into Phoenix. Her orgasm intensified as she felt his seed coating her walls, her breath growing ragged from the exultant moans.

With a sigh of contentment Trevor collapsed onto the bed and Phoenix rolled over on top of him, closing her eyes and laying her head on his heaving chest. As he wrapped his arms around her firm but delicate body his eyes drifted to the dagger still laying on the bathroom floor. Could he?