 Trevor's eyes slowly opened and he took in his surroundings, trying to recall the night through the haze of primal lust. He was in The Phoenix's quarters at the Templar Estates, and he was supposed to be killing her. Phoenix's head nuzzled gently against his chest, still lost in her dream, as Trevor heaved a sigh, unsure if he could go through with his task now. Never before had he met a woman who incited such an instantaneous hunger inside of him. And as he lay amide her silk sheets, his eyes lingering on her soft features which were obscured by her blood red hair, he was forced to admit to himself that it could be more.

The sun outside indicated that mid-day already approached. Their euphoric slumber had kept them in bed for far longer than was prudent. Trevor gently shook Phoenix awake and her her beautiful blue-gray eyes met his, a faint smile spreading across her face as she too recalled the night of passion. Biting his lip lightly Trevor indicated the position of the sun, shining through the window he had made his stealthy entry through before. At the sight of the late hour Phoenix's eyes went wide and she rolled over him, making for the bathroom.

"Shit, shit, I was due to meet with the Lord-Magistrate at least an hour ago. He's already got it out for me so his brother can take my position." Phoenix frantically spouted as she went about, hurriedly rinsing herself off and grabbing clothing.

A loud slam resounded from the doorway to the bedroom and Trevor's head jerked to the portal. Two more blows were sounded against the door before it was slammed wide open revealing Lord-Magistrate Jacobs and four Temple Knights standing there. Jacobs sneered down at Trevor.

"So, we finally see the face of The Phoenix, huh. Your attendant told me of the sounds last night, and while your lot aren't confined to celibacy, that is most certainly not an excuse for failing to show at your meeting with your masters."

Trevor slowly lifted himself from the bed, holding the sheet lightly against his lower half. "My Lord-Magistrate, I apologize." He bowed his head in mock piety.

Jacobs strode to the bedside, and as he did he caught sight of the true Phoenix in the bathroom. His eyes went wide and he turned viciously on Trevor. "You take some common gypsy wench into your bed? Foul blood traitor!" He swung a backhand for Trevor's face, but it was easily dodged and he took a blow to the gut for his troubles. As he stumbled backwards the Temple Knights advanced on Trevor and Phoenix kicked his curved dagger to him.

With a quick stoop he scooped the blade up, his long fingers wrapping around the handle. He dropped to his knees to avoid a slash from the first knight before stepping forward and up, thrusting his blade into the knight's stomach and twisting the blade before viciously ripping it out, disemboweling the fool. With a quick backward pirouette he brought the dagger's edge tearing through a second knight's throat, the blood fountaining out. 

As the third and fourth knights stepped forward Phoenix came around the corner like lightning. In her right hand she carried a towel that she flung at them, one of the knights slashing at the object before he could discern what it was. With his sword lowered to the ground her own bastard sword flashing forward, tearing right through his heart, the impact of the strike causing him to fly backwards off her blade. The final knight looked around at the carnage and dropped his weapon, fleeing in terror.

Trevor looked to the cratered puncture in the third knight's chest and laughed. "Quite the heart breaker you are." He strode towards the bathroom to rinse the blood off, reversing his grip on the dagger and driving it into the back of Jacobs's head as he passed the Lord-Magistrate. He quickly dumped a bucket of water over himself and slipped back into his clothes and sheathing his dagger as he returned to the bedroom.

Phoenix slipped in close to him, her luscious full lips meeting his in a tender kiss. "We make quite the pair, don't we." She pulled back suddenly as the scream of an alarm resounded through the halls. "And now we flee."

Her hand slid into Trevor's and the pair dashed towards the open window, there were no guards in sight and so the pair lept from the second story window and sprinted across the open courtyard, scampering up the wall encircling the compound, Phoenix's hair billowing behind her like the tail-feathers of her namesake. They quickly maneuvered the crowded streets below, the commoners giving them a cautious berth at the sight of Phoenix's bastard sword still clutched tightly in her left hand.

Trevor tugged her down a deserted alley, and with a quick glance around to ensure the way was clear he pressed a hidden keystone, a concealed doorway springing open. He pushed Phoenix through and pulled the door shut behind himself, the portal sealing with a sharp click.

Trevor still faced the shut door as he said, "This is an assassin safe-house, we have them all over the city, we're safe."

"So what do we do now?" Asked Phoenix, dropping to one of the beds.

Trevor turned on her suddenly, his eyes blazing. "Do? You willingly serve the Templars, I've violated all of the Brotherhood's rules just by bringing you here!"

Phoenix laughed lightly, "I willingly serve whoever the winners look to be."

Trevor's fists clenched briefly, before he let out his own laugh at her sheer pragmatism. He sat next to her, turning his face to hers. "Then you've chosen to serve the wrong side, lover girl."

Phoenix blushed coyly at the affectionate term, her lips coming forward and meeting Trevor's, her tongue darting between them, lightly brushing his. A feral growl rippled from Trevor as her kiss light a fresh flame inside him and he grabbed her wrists and slid on top of her, pinning her arms to the bed. His mouth returning to the tears in her neck from the night before, his teeth ripping her flesh anew, savoring the sweet and slightly metallic taste of her blood. Phoenix moaned slightly at the ripples of pleasurable pain that surged through her body.

Transferring her arms over so that he could pin her with one hand, his other dropped down to her trousers, slipping them off her with a quick tug. His eyes burned intently into hers, a primal fury and lust radiating out of the jade orbs. Lightly but firmly his fingers slid against her warm clit, dancing across it in circles. A gasp of pleasure burst from Phoenix's lips at the sudden touch, her pelvis already beginning its enticing swiveling dance as the orgasmic pleasure rapidly built within her.

Trevor's fingers and mouth suddenly stopped her frantic work, holding teasingly just over her cunt and neck. Phoenix whimpered at the denial of service, biting her lip in frustration. Trevor chuckled darkly, but still held back. Her frustration overcoming her, Phoenix's head came forward and her teeth sank into Trevor's collar bone, working in fiercely, tasting his blood as he tasted hers. With a savage moan of pleasure he resumed his efforts and was rewarded with powerful gasps from Phoenix.

Her hips bucked wildly against his caressing embrace as waves of orgasmic pleasure wracked her body. Her moans grew steadily louder and louder before she came and let out a loud thankful yell. Her juices coated Trevor's hands and her thighs, the sweet scent of them bewitching Trevor. He deftly released her arms and dropped his head to her soaked pussy, tongue hungrily lapping at her throbbing clit.

His teeth nipped lightly at her lips, his tongue darting in circles across her. Two long fingers slid inside of her tight wet pussy, intensifying her pleasure as the slammed against her G-spot. Phoenix's eyes rolled back into her head, loud moans reverberating off the walls as his fingers and tongue worked her cunt with a hungry passion. With a grunt she placed her hand on his forehead, flinging him to the ground. She climbed on top of him, her pussy pressed into his face, her juices dripping onto it and running down her thighs. She yanked his pants down and took his cock in her mouth, her tongue sliding warmly down his 6.5in shaft.

Trevor redoubled his efforts, devouring and fingering her as she sucked gently at his cock. Her moans of pleasure vibrated pleasantly through his cock, bringing moans of his own bursting forth from his lips. Her teeth scraped lightly on his shaft, making his eyes close and lips turn upward with pleasure. Gripping below her lips she worked his throbbing cock firmly with her hand as her lips and tongue worked his head.

Phoenix's moans came louder and harder as she could feel the orgasmic energies building in her body, rising through her like a pleasant flame. With a sudden cry she came hard, squirting more of her juices onto Trevor's face, her powerful moans ringing in his ears, Trevor could no longer hold back and he too came, squirting a huge load of cum into Phoenix's mouth. She clamped her lips down around his cock and sucked greedily at it, swallowing his sweet seed to the last drop.

With a sigh of contentment Phoenix rolled off Trevor's firmly muscled body and the two lay side by side, breathing heavily and staring up at the ceiling. What could they do now that they only had each other.