 The woman stood at the window, looking out at the night breeze...smelling it go by as the leaves rustled within her sight. As she closed her eyes, her senses became even more alive. She could feel dark shadows moving about claiming the night. But, she felt at peace and at ease. Something she hadn't felt in a very long time. She had almost forgotten how. Now, here it was again...like an old friend.

The sheer curtains fluttered about her like fairy dust...adorning her nakedness without concealing. Her lips parted and her tongue felt the warm sweetness of the summer air cooling on her taste buds. The coolness spread through her body in shivers that made her soft skin contract. 

Behind her, in the room, came a different rustling. Then she felt his arms wrap around her waist as he pulled himself up against her body. Mmmmmm...the sense of peace washed over her anew. Letting out a happy sigh, she lay her head back on his left shoulder and savored the strength he offered her.

His hands began to roam along her body in symmetrically equal massages...exploring and enjoying familiar territory with experienced confidence ...traveling first down her sides...then out over the curving slope of her hips. Soon the hands worked their way back up her torso...stopping only when the fullness of her breasts blocked their path. 

His fingers traced simultaneous circles over her areolas, sending a different kind of shiver through her this time. She felt her thighs press tight together...attempting to alleviate the itch that was developing below her soft curls. As she let out a breathy moan, his fingers deftly took hold of her nipples...pulling and rolling them as his palms cupped her underneath. She reached up behind and, grabbing his head, passionately raked both her hands through his short hair. 

More moans escaped! He was working her skillfully...making her, his. He could feel the love seeping out of her so willingly. She was happy. He could see it. It turned him on to know that she cared for him as much as he cared for her. In the beginning, he had resisted for many reasons. But she had become so much a part of him now. He couldn't imagine not having her. 

He continued to massage her breasts with large hands...cupping and squeezing them. His passions were beginning to take a primal hold on him. His hands played a bit more roughly. Damn! He loved having her in his life! He loved the way she gave and took sex...always the lady, but also an unpredictable vixen. She was a paradox...a contradiction. She made life and love fun and exciting. 

Sometimes she could be downright infuriating. She would often think things through out loud. The process tended to make her appear less sure of herself than she really was. By now he knew that once she had settled on something, it was not easy to dislodge her. She had strong opinions and notions...and though he knew she needed to be cared for...she was not a timid mouse by any means. He liked that.

All this made him want her more. He wrapped his arms around her again...pulling her up against the hardness of his cock. It was aching for her! Rocking his hips in a steady forward motion, he rubbed himself along her vertical valley. A low moan from deep inside him rose up in his throat, betraying any show of cool control. He felt his cock burning for her...swelling painfully full and needing release.

A boy would have hurried uncontrolled, losing much of the pleasure. But he was a man in every sense of the word...focused and disciplined about the things he wanted...and the things he needed. He knew well enough that if he ignored the burn for now, he would be well rewarded. He sighed happily and cleared his mind of all thoughts but her and the feel of their bodies melting into one another.

She turned towards him and her nipples harmlessly scraped his chest before he crushed her up against him. Softly giggling, she held his face tenderly and began to explore its entirety with her lips. She was memorizing him by touch alone. Appreciative sounds vibrated between them as she buried into the base of his neck and feasted. She was thoroughly enjoying his body...enjoying him. She was making him feel so good...better than he thought he ever could.

They had been making love all that evening...as early as when they sat in the restaurant. He smiled to himself and realized that just being with her qualified as "making love." They had gone out to bolster relations with some of his business associates. When, at the table, she found a moment to lean over and whisper in his ear, his jaw just about dropped. She was immediately distracted away to reply to something one of their dinner partners had said, leaving him to deal with the knowledge that she had no panties on...none! And now, he knew it too!

The evening's business aside, they were like two kids enjoying a shared secret. Innocent remarks would humorously take on new meanings that only they understood. He couldn't help trying to come up with new ways to cryptically communicate his lust for her. 

By the time dessert was served, his hand had slowly inched it's way up under her dress and was twirling her moist curls around one finger. Inwardly, he grinned, watching her. Though she had adeptly maintained her composure...and the conversation...he could feel her thighs tensing about her lips...hoping to alleviate what he was doing to her right there in the middle of the crowded restaurant. He thought about ducks...calm on the surface but paddling furiously underneath. That was his woman...only she was more like a swan. 

At the end of the meal, he dove further into "business talk." He needed to prolong the flow of conversation. She had skillfully "turned the tables" on him by stroking his cock right through his slacks! He sorely needed some other distraction before the evening came to a close...otherwise, when he stood, his lust would be revealed.

Finally, goodnights were said and everyone went their separate ways. He could hardly wait to be alone with her. Walking arm in arm, they strolled along the canal...only a remnant of history now in a busy downtown metropolis. The car was parked at the curb along the far end. Most activity had died down for the night, leaving the city almost magically serene.

When he unlocked the car and held the door for her...he watched her slip into the seat. She looked good enough to eat. Suddenly he realized he was staring at her pussy...or rather, where it lay, begging...beneath the skirt of her dress. Bending in, he reached past her and tapped the button that deactivated the overhead light. Within the next 20 minutes he had eaten her through two orgasms.

She tasted more exquisite than anything else he had eaten that evening. When he was done with her, he rose up out of the car and lay his head in his arms, on top of the car roof...his breathing ragged. His cock was raging! Looking about, he wondered if he should. But her hands were already at his zipper and reaching in!

He rolled to his back, leaning against the rear door, as he watched his woman kneeling on the curb, before him. Her face was only inches away from his purple head. All he could think of was stroking the full length of himself between those deliciously pouty lips. 

Had anyone walked down the street in the next 30 minutes ...(and maybe someone unnoticed had)...they would have seen a man being sucked into paradise. They would have watched him pound deep against the back of her throat...fucking her mercilessly. They would have seen him throw his head back, grunting and groaning, until at last he bent forwards and shoved one final time, holding himself motionless inside her.

She had swallowed his sperm hungrily. As he slumped against the side of the car, spent of all energy, she licked him clean before finally standing up to kiss and hug him. On the drive home, they lovingly caressed one another in a comfortable, absentminded way as they laughed over the evening fun. By the time they reached the house they were both anxious for more.

He took her the second the door closed...right there in the entry hall. Now that the foundation of gentleness and security had been set...he notched things up to the next level. He grabbed her hips from behind and pushed her up against the wall. Forcing her legs wide apart with his foot, he bared his cock and shoved it deep inside her soaking cunt, nailing her to the wall.

They stayed that way for a moment...her arms splayed on the wall above her...his arms up over hers. They were both breathing hard in their lust. Then he slowly withdrew all but his head. Circling his hips in an even steady rhythm, he began to pump her tunnel. Inch by inch he retraced her depths...rubbing her insides. Fuck! He loved her! He loved being with her! 

His fingers reached around for her clit. Soon she went from soft moans to grunting screams as he rammed her cunt. Her walls began to throb and convulse...grabbing and chewing his cock in rippling waves! For the second time that evening he shot his sperm! He blasted deep into her...filling her with the hot sticky fluid...mixing it with her honey. 

They fell into bed exhausted...too tired to clean up. When he rolled over to spoon up against her, hugging her protectively...possessively...he could feel where his cum had dripped down along her thigh. His cock twitched, but he closed his eyes. They both fell into a satisfied slumber.

Only a few hours later, he awoke to the pleasant throb of his cock as it swelled...hardened by the gentle rubbing of her ass into his hips. "MMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...that's niceeeeeee." was all he could manage to sleepily mumble.

The smile in her voice lit the room...and his heart. "Yes, it is," she growled in a whisper. Her tone was as seductive as ever.

"MMmmmmmmmmm...I'm definitely in heat again. Why don't you mount your bitch, Baby? Make me your slut. Brand me with that hot iron rod of yours."

As if her words weren't enough, she rose up on all fours, laying her upper body down submissively while her ass rose high into the air...exposed and vulnerable! She was like some beautiful wild creature...needing to be captured...needing to be tamed...to be broken! 

Positioning himself behind her ass, he let his fingers probe her puckered rose...thumbs spreading her slowly apart. He used her to pleasure his cock, rubbing it across her opening...teasing her...making her impatient for him to enter her. 

He managed to hold off longer than even he thought possible. She was groaning obscenities at him...begging to have his cock in her ass...begging to have him fuck it. He leaned in and, grabbing her hips, shoved in deep and hard splitting her wide open! OOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhh, so fucking tight!

Over and over and over again he pumped into her. His hips were moving in a blur. Like an animal, he fucked her ass! When she whimpered, he only thrust harder! He could have come easily...but he backed off each time, extending the pleasure for quite a long time.

She felt herself being so fully fucked and it was driving her mad! How could he manage to last so long? She wanted to make him come. She loved him! She loved hearing that complete pleasure in the final moments as he shot his burning load deep inside of her. She worked doubly hard to bring him over the edge...bucking her ass up into his face...grinding it hard against each thrust.

"That's it! Chew my cock, bitch! Eat it up in that ass of yours! Take it all my beautiful slut!"

His commands inflamed her...spurred her right over the edge. She began to scream, bucking harder than ever! Grabbing her ass tightly, he was determined to ride her out to the very end. She thrashed, trying to dislodge him as the orgasm multiplied...but he refused to let up. Her passions had overwhelmed him! He became a human piston...working her tight ass as smoothly as if it were her cunt. His hand raised up and slapped her ass cheeks, leaving red imprints of his fingers. 

"Yes! Oh yes!" was all she could scream!

Suddenly his view darkened as his eyes rolled back under his lids. She had reached under and given his balls a less than gentle squeeze that pushed him right over that edge! His cock primed and shot load after load into her ass! When he finally did pull out, sitting back on his legs, he could see that a string of the white fluid had pulled out with him....soooooooooo hot!

That was hours ago. Now here they were again, standing before the night. Letting the breeze wash over them as they giggled and cuddled once again. He cradled her as she continued to feast on his neck...then make her way down to suckle on one of his nipples. 

"Damn, I love her!" he thought.

"Damn, I love him!" she thought.