 Chapter 16 

I was relieved that my visitors were always a few days or at least a week apart so I had a chance to recuperate. I put the GPS in the Suv and continued on my adventure to meet and name my neighbors. I thought I would go over to where I thought Grace lived and see if indeed she was living there or just visiting. The house was just a mile or so outside of town and I saw her old truck so I pulled in and shut off the engine. 

Grace must have seen or heard me pull up because she came out of the house to greet me. She was smiling and seemed happy to see me so I was relieved that I wasn't interrupting anything 

"How did you find me Mike" she said as she held out her hands to me. 

"I was driving around mapping the houses in my GPS and saw your truck so I thought I would stop and introduce myself" I said with a grin. I explained what I was doing and she thought it was a good idea. She asked who I had met so far and I told her who I had found at home. She raised an eyebrow and gave me a smirk when I mentioned Jasmine but I held my ground and didn't elaborate or tell Grace about her visit. 

I knew that she would find out sooner or later but I would leave that up to Jasmine to determine how much would be revealed. Grace asked me to follow her and we walked around the house to the back yard and she had a beautiful garden that was neat and well cared for. I saw a hot tub on her deck and a small in-ground pool off to the side with a nice brick looking apron all around it. I was impressed with her place and told her so. 

She thanked me and took me inside thru the back door and into her kitchen. It was a modern kitchen, everything clean and polished. She offered me something to drink and I said coffee would be great if she had some made, and as it were, she had just made a pot so we sat and enjoyed each other's company over a cup. 

I asked her about the people I had met and she had a lot of information about them, nothing embarrassing but some background stuff. 

Jasmine's husband passed away some time back and left her with the house and property. She had plenty of money and didn't need to work. 

Julie was divorced and had moved here with her kids about 10 years ago. She was getting some money from her ex but had a job where she kept the books for some firm and she could work from home most of the time. Grace said that her kids were a problem for Julie sometimes as they were becoming young women and their hormones were running rampant. I just smiled and said I had met them and had the same impression and that neither she or Julie had to worry because I wasn't into kids. I liked to have them around but not in a sexual way. 

Janice had some older kids that didn't live here and she was single and never had been married. She also worked but it was in Knoxville and stayed there during the week. She had probably taken a day off the day I stopped to see her. 

Grace said that she had got a divorce after her husband found out that she couldn't have any male children and she was getting alimony from the SOB. She did some IT work from home doing websites and that supplemented her income so she could do what she wanted to do. 

I asked to see some of her designs and we went into her office and she had quite a setup. Her computer was state of the art and I was sure it far surpassed mine. Her designs were great and if I was in business I would hire her in a minute. She showed me some more interesting stuff she was doing and I was impressed to say the least. We talked about the town a little and she gave me a quick history lesson about the area. All in all it turned out to be an interesting morning. 

I was on my way home and I was thinking that I was glad I wasn't on the internet thru a broadband connection and maybe I had better unplug my hard drive when I wasn't using it until I had finished my DVD project. I didn't think that Grace would hack my system thru my sat connection but I would rather be safe than sorry. 

I worked some more on the video project and projected that I would have it finished a in a few days and I would have a total of 30 disks when all done. I had just skimmed thru the videos as I copied them and didn't really look too hard at them. They were all very explicit with close-ups of pussy being fucked and cock being sucked. The faces had not been blurred out and I was sure I had met most of the women at the town meeting a few weeks ago. I was still conflicted about what I was doing but I could always mail the videos to the women if and when I was ready to move on if they didn't kill me first by fucking me to death. 

I had plenty of time during the burn time to think and I wondered how long it would be before I had a visit from Janice, Julie, Sue or any of the other ladies I had met. 

A few days later I had finished with the videos and put everything away for later viewing. I kept Jim's journals in the closet but ready for reference if needed. I had read thru the pages for the women that I had met and Jasmine's didn't have any mention of fisting, I guess I had found a new aspect of her sexuality. I would have to remember that for the future. 

Sue had intrigued me from the day I met her at the laundry and was hoping she would stop by soon. I was anxious to have my cock buried in her hot little pussy. She was a nice package wrapped up in a small box. 

I had expected Mary or Rachael before this especially after my night with Jenny. I had to believe that Jenny and Rachael had a long talk that morning after Mary stopped by to collect her daughter. I would have liked to been a fly on that wall. I could only imagine all the giggling and laughing as well as the girl on girl loving that I was sure had taken place. I bet Mary's dildo got a workout from all three of them. 

Although Mary had been in the room with her daughters when I got to fuck her I didn't see anything to suggest that she was active with the girls but then again it was a plan to involve me in their activities so maybe they were a "Loving Family". That didn't bother me as long as they were all of legal age and in fact I thought it was really kinky and sexy. 

I had already sucked Rachael's sweet pussy and gave her a good cum so maybe she was going to take her time before coming over although I was looking forward to giving her a good fucking. 

Chapter 17 

I had just finished the yard work after putting in a full day just cutting the grass and I was pleased with the way everything was looking. I had a passing thought about buying the house but put it out of my mind because I really didn't want to own property again and also I didn't know how Grace was going to react when I showed her the journals and tapes I had found. I was going to play dumb about the videos until I saw her how she accepted the surprise I had for her. 

The more I thought about it I didn't think it would be any easier if I put it off any longer. I called Grace and when she answered I asked her to come over as I had something to talk to her about. She said she would be over in a few minutes and I tried to get my thoughts together. 

Grace arrived in her usual way, tearing up the driveway and getting out of her truck with a flourish. I guess I didn't hide the serious look on my face very good because she spotted it right away. 

"What's going on Mike, you look like you have lost your best friend?" 

"No Grace I haven't lost her yet but I may after I tell you what I have found," I said. 

"Come on Mike it can't be that bad, what the hell has you so upset?" 

"Just come inside and I will try to make things easier for you and maybe for me." 

We went inside and I took her to the closets. I was planning on making some sort of display but this all happened so fast I didn't have time to arrange it. The first thing I asked her about was the clothes and she looked at them and said they were some of her dad's stuff and some wasn't and she could clean it all out and get rid of it. 

The next thing was the tapes and I got them out of the closet and gave them to her. Her expression told me that she didn't know anything about the contents and I told her what was on the audio tapes, not mentioning the video tapes. 

Then I got out the journals starting with the smaller ones that just had some of the details in them. Her face turned red as she browsed thru the pages and threw them across the room. She turned to me with tears in her eyes and looked down as she was embarrassed to look me in the eye. 

"Grace," I said "don't let this embarrass you, I know you didn't have anything to do with this but there is more." 

She turned away from me and started to go to the door but I stopped her and said that she had some decisions to make and it wasn't going to be any easier if she waited. 

I took her arm and led her to the kitchen where we would have more room and I brought out the journals that were more like photo albums. The look on her face was pure terror and I smiled, trying to calm her down. 

"Before you look at these I want to tell you that they are very explicit and contain some embarrassing information about your friends. You can take a quick look and we can destroy them or you can take them with you and do what you want with them." 

She was crying and I let her calm down and letting her get her head around what I had thrown at her. She reached for the first journal and gasped at the contents of the first page. Her eyes wide open as she read her father's words and her hand went to her throat in shock as she turned page after page and saw what her father had done. 

"I have to get rid of this stuff Mike, I really do before anyone sees it," she said as she looked up at me "What, don't tell me there is more, I can't take any more, this is so bad, WHAT is it, what is it, what else did that bastard do?" 

I brought out the video tapes and set them in front of her. 

She looked at me in disbelief and picked up a tape "Have you looked at these Mike, are they more of the same" 

"Yes I am afraid they are Grace but as far as I know that is all there is" 

"We have to get rid of this stuff Mike, if anyone knew about this my reputation would be ruined and I would lose a lot of my friends. I don't even want to look at this stuff." 

Thinking about what I was going to say I hesitated a bit before saying anything finally saying "Grace I agree that this stuff should remain private and probably be destroyed but if you look at the pictures in the journals you will see that the pictures are not candid pics but posed and they are quite good if I do say so myself so it was obvious that they knew they were being taken." 

"But, but what about the videos, are they staged also?" she stammered. 

"I don't think staged is the right word but I am sure they were aware of the cameras and that their performance was being recorded." 

"Grace I don't care what you decide to do but I think your father had a hobby and he combined it with the responsibilities he had taken on servicing the women. You didn't have a problem with him doing that did you?" 

Blushing a little she said, "Well no, I didn't have a problem and many times my friends would tell me how great he was in bed. I never pressed for details but I sure have them now don't I." 

I laughed and was glad that she had calmed down and was being more rational about the whole thing. I told her about the boxes of papers and stuff that was in the attic and offered to get them down for her when she was ready to go thru them and get rid of anything unimportant. Jim had been dead for more than a few years so I didn't think there was anything that was worth much. Grace agreed and we decided that we would leave that for another day. 

"Grace, I think you should take this stuff with you so it doesn't fall into the wrong hands and I am surprised that your former tenants didn't take some of this stuff with them. They will be safer if they are at your place and under lock and key if you decide to keep them." I said as I started to pile up the books and tapes. 

Grace thanked me and we took them out to her truck. I was glad to be rid of them because of the responsibility involved. I still had copies of the videos and I had to decide if I was going to keep them or not. She told me that I could get rid of the clothes whenever I went to the landfill. I told her that I would bring the old papers and stuff that was packed up over tomorrow and she left for home. 

I hoped that she wouldn't be upset with me for telling her about her father's "Hobby" but maybe it would help to know him better and really know what made him the man he was. Not only was he a stud but he did repairs for people and occasionally paid a bill if they were behind or made sure they had enough food to eat and I don't think Grace knew that about him. While I didn't approve of his record keeping I believed that the recordings were done with permission and most defiantly the posed pictures in his journals. I had to wonder whether his ladies knew about his records also. 

I had forgotten to turn off my cell phone and it rang around 7 pm that evening. It was Grace and she asked I could come to her house right away and I said I would come right away. I didn't speed but because she was only a few miles away it didn't take very long to get there. When I pulled in she rushed out to meet me and held me tight. I asked what was wrong and she just sobbed into my chest. We went inside and she stayed close to me and told me she had watched a few of the tapes and couldn't believe what she had seen. I asked if she had anything to drink and she had some scotch so I fixed us a scotch rocks and we sipped and talked. 

While she knew her father serviced the women of the community it was quite another thing to see him in action. On top of that to watch her friends fuck him without any reservations was just as disturbing to her. I let her vent and ramble about the videos and finally she calmed down enough to listen to what I had to say. I said that I believed that everything was done with everyone's permission and maybe it was just her responsibility to maintain their privacy. Reluctantly she agreed and decided to lock everything up in a safe place for the time being. 

Chapter 18 

Waking up, I reviewed the maelstrom of emotions of the night before. Grace went from loving daughter to screaming banshee and back many times over the course of the evening but in the end I think she got it all out and came to grips with her dilemma. 

I was having some second thoughts about the videos I had copied but I knew I could destroy what I had very easily. I could delete them from the hard drive and as long as no one knew they had once been there they would eventually be overwritten and I could render the DVD disks unreadable with a hot fire in the grill. 

I was trying to decide what I was going to do when I heard my name called I looked up to see Rachael in the doorway. I waved her in and got up to give her a hug. She came into my arms and molded her body to mine and when I looked down asking her what I could do for her, she kissed me and her tongue swiped across my lips. That kinda let me know what I wanted to know. 

We sat down and I asked her how her mother and sister were as I hadn't seen them in a few weeks. She said that they were happy and she guessed that the fucking they got had made an impression on them. I laughed and she pouted a little and said it wasn't fair. I raised an eyebrow in question and she continued saying they had got some fucking and she had been left out. 

I chuckled and said all she had to do was come over and I would have more than glad to fill her pussy with my hard shaft. She said she did come over but every time she did I was busy with someone else and she guessed that from the noise the women were making they were being well takin care of. I laughed again and held her to me and kissed her plump lips. She did have the most kissable lips, full, heart shaped and most of all they were willing. 

My hands drifted to her ass and as I massaged it I pulled her against my hardening cock. She ground her pussy into me and her breasts melted to my chest. I made sure the door was locked and led her to the bedroom to fulfill her fantasy of getting fucked at last. 

I slowly undressed her taking tine to kiss and caress her curves as I laid them bare to my eyes. Her nipples were hard in expectation of my caresses and I sucked and licked them. I slipped off my shorts and sat down in the middle of the bed and pulled her to sit between my legs. I wanted to create a comfortable feeling between us by cuddling and talking rather than giving into the lust and just fucking ourselves silly. She giggled and settled herself between my legs so I could fondle her tits and her clit with my fingertips. 

I was giving her little nipping kisses on her neck and behind her ears and she was having a hard time concentrating on telling me little snippets of her life. She was telling me that she was still a virgin because she had never had a cock in her pussy. She had broken her cherry with her mother's dildo and enjoyed fucking herself with that but it was better if someone else was stroking it into her. She said that she and Jenny were thinking of getting a strap-on so they could mimic fucking better. I suggested a double ended dildo and that was they could both have the feeling of fucking and getting fucked. 

Rachael was starting to get really excited and my cock was nestled between the cheeks of her ass. Her pussy was wet and dripping and she arched her back to tell me she want my hands back on her tits. I pushed her away from me a little so I could get out from behind her and when she lay back against the pillows I was between her legs with my tongue busy in her cunt. She reached down and spread her lips with her fingers and I sunk my tongue into her pussy. I remembered the last time I had ate her out and she was just as sweet now as she had been then. 

Her hips were thrusting at me as I licked and sucked at her. I had my arms under her legs and I could just reach her tits and I rolled and pinched her nipples as I went for her clit. She screamed when I took her clit between my teeth and gently bit at the hard little nub. I was alternating sucking and biting her clit and she was going crazy fucking my face. I could feel little squirts of pussy juice hitting my chin and moved my mouth down a bit so I could catch some and taste her. 

After bringing her to orgasm a few times I needed to rest my jaw so I rose up on my knees and brought my cock to her pussy. Her eyes opened wide as she realized what was going to happen. She raised her legs and I grabbed her ankles spreading them wide, her pussy lips opened, she was dripping waiting for me to plumb her depths. I put my cock at her entrance and pushed slowly into her hot wet cunt. I took it slow as I sunk balls deep into her. She flexed her cunt and made her pussy as tight as any I had ever felt. When I hit bottom she sighed and we just kept still for a minute letting her get used to my size. 

She said she felt full and I started to stroke slowly in and out and she matched my movements in a steady rhythm. I let go of her ankles and she locked her legs around my waist jamming her mound against my pubic bone. I started to thrust harder and she was matching me stroke for stroke and it seemed that her upper body was in constant spasm. 

I could feel her starting to cum and I wanted her to have more than one on my cock so I changed the angle a bit and drove my cock against her g-spot. She went wild when I did that and her hips were a blur she was fucking me so fast. I was sure I would be bruised and battered before we were through, I could feel her nails dig into my back as she scratched me. Her teeth nipped at my shoulder and I knew that this was going to be a fuck I would remember for a long time, I knew I was making an impression on her. 
