 I was going crazy. I had been dating Peter for nearly a month and a half and still had yet to seal the deal. He was everything I was looking for in a man — tall and attractive with an incorrigible shadow of facial hair and bright, green eyes. His dark, intense features reminded me of my childhood crush on Scott Hastings from Strictly Ballroom. 

Peter was kind, funny, smart, and sensitive...but maybe he was a little too sensitive. On our third date he had told me that he really liked me and wanted to take things slow, leaving me hot and bothered and taking care of myself with my vibrator. At the time I was touched by his thoughtfulness but by now, four weeks later, I just wanted to be touched.

He wasn't selfish or withholding, he had gone down on me with a little persuasion and we had great (if slightly vanilla) phone sex a couple of times, but every time we were kissing and my itchy fingers crawled to his zipper, her would gently guide my hand away and gently whisper "Not tonight, Lola."

I was beginning to get nervous. Was I not attractive enough? Sure I'm short, but I have a slim waist and perky C cups that most guys drool over. I wondered if he was self conscious. What if he had a micropenis and was putting off telling me for as long as possible?

At last I made up my mind to corner him. Knowing he would pick me up from work, I slipped into my favorite set of black lingerie — a lacy bra that showed through my white blouse and a barely-there thong that disappeared under even my most figure hugging skirt. Sheer black thigh highs to complete the look. Tonight was going to be the night, I promised myself, after dinner he would be putty in my hands.

At my desk, I waited impatiently for 5:00 to roll around. Then 5:30. Peter called, apologizing profusely, and assured me he would be there by 6:00 as the office emptied around me. It made me squirm to think of putting off my seduction by another hour. Quietly, I slipped my left foot out of its shoe and tucked it under my lap. A roll of the hips pressed my sensitive clit against my heel and I bit my lip. Damn that felt good. I slipped my jacket off my shoulders and brought one hand to my chest, now visible under the thin blouse, squeezing softly. Again I ground my hips, then again, faster and faster. Before I could stop myself I was letting out soft, breathy moans.

"Lola?"

I yelped in surprise and swiveled the chair. Peter, thank god, was in the doorway to my cubicle, smiling a sheepish but good-natured smile. He looked so good standing there, his grey suit tailored to perfection, hands thrust in his pockets.

I slipped off my other shoe and rose to meet him, standing on my toes to give him a kiss. His strong arms wrapped around me, Peter spun us around and half-sat-half-leaned on my desk so we were nearly eye to eye. Again, I leaned in to kiss him. His lips were smooth and firm while his stubble scratched my face. Gently, he bit my bottom lip and I felt butterflies. I couldn't wait any longer.

My hands found the buttons of my shirt and began to pop them one by one. He blushed and looked around, but I kept going. I pressed my lips to his neck and gave a tender kiss that quickly turned into a fierce love bite, as one hand reached down to the front of his pants. Peter caught my palm as I graced his belt.

"Someone's going to see." 

"Relax," I purred, "everyone's left by now." I didn't know if it was true, but I had him right where I wanted him and there was no way I was going to let us make our reservation. Eagerly, I walked my fingers down his chest and knelt in front of him. I traced the outline of his swiftly hardening member and grasped it over his pants. Definitely not a micropenis. 

"Lola..." Peter's voice was raspy and low, "Not here..." 

But I couldn't wait any longer. I unbuckled his belt, slid his zipper down, then his boxers and gasped audibly. Peter had the most gorgeous cock I had ever seen. It towered at eight or nine inches at least, hard as steel and pointing straight up towards his navel. Smooth and uniform and so thick I could barely wrap my hand around it. I looked up with new admiration at Peter's face. To my surprise his cheeks were glowing with embarrassment.

"I get it," he said sheepishly, "it's too much. It happens all the time, I'm sorry." He scrambled to pull up his boxers.

"NO!" It came out louder than I had intended, "No, Peter...your cock is beautiful." I leaned forward and slowly licked a line from base to tip. "Peter, I want you to make me a slave to your big thick cock."

He looked stunned and a little unsure of himself, "I don't know what..."

"Peter," I looked up at him earnestly from my place on the floor, "Please."

I took the fat head of his cock in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it like a lollipop. Peter groaned with pleasure. I began to bob up and down, very slowly, to see how much of him I could take in my mouth. I could feel him threading a hand through my hair. A little faster. God, his heavy cock felt so good on my tongue. My hand ran up his thigh and cupped his large, low balls, causing his shaft to twitch. Catching me by surprise, he thrust into my mouth, his movement jerky and involuntary. I moaned around his cock and he thrust again.

This time he kept going, pistoning in and out of my mouth quickly and shallowly. Bracing myself, I swallowed the tip of his massive cock. Peter froze.

"Fuck. Fuck, fuck that feels good." he muttered under his breath. For a second, he pressed my head down and I took as much as I could before I began to gag from the sheer size of him. The sound broke him from his daze and he quickly released his hold on me.

"Sorry! I'm sorry, I got a little carried away, but god, you are really good at that and I've never met anyone who could—" 

I stood and cut off his babbling by pressing my lips to his. "It's okay," I whispered, "I like it when you choke me with your fat cock." Peter flushed pink again. 

"Oh, um, okay. So you like to, uh" He faltered, clearly inexperienced with dirty talk, though I could see it excited him. "you like to suck my...cock." The last word came out barely louder than a whisper. When I murmured my assent in his ear, he was emboldened. 

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

I bit his earlobe softly. "Have I deserved it? Have I been a good girl?" Peter tilted his head back and looked toward the heavens. Finally he spoke.

"You have been a very good girl but," A mischievious smile I had never seen before graced his lips, "I might have to spank you anyway."

A firm hand grasped my waist and he spun so that I was pinned against my desk. Slowly, too slowly, he slipped my unbuttoned shirt off my shoulders. His fingers found the zipper on the back of my skirt and tugged it open so that the tight fabric easily slid down my legs. I brought one hand to my hip to remove my underwear but he slapped it away sharply. Looking up, I could still see the embarrasment and uncertainty in his face but his lust had given him a new, sexy confidence.

Next, he moved toward my cleavage and deftly unsnapped the front clasp of the bra. I could see his right hand slung in his pocket as he undressed me with only the left. His appearance was so casual that if it weren't for the rigid member jutting out from the folds of his zipper I might have thought he was waiting for the bus.

With an appraising look at my nearly naked body, he leaned in close, his voice low and ragged.

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes," I whispered fervently. I could feel his thick erection pressing into my stomach.

"Sir," He corrected.

A thrill ran down my spine. "Yes, sir."

With one deft movement he seized my arm and the next thing I knew he had me bent forward over my desk, holding my wrist behind me. His free hand slid one band of the thong over my butt, then the other and it fell to the floor. I could hear a sharp intake of breath as Peter drank in the sight of my body completely at his mercy.

"Please, Peter. I want you to fuck me so hard, I want you to impale me on your huge dick until you cum inside me. Please, sir..." This proved to be the magic word and before I could finish he thrust his member into me, eliciting a gasp.

"Oh." 

For a moment we were stock still. Peter drew out and gave another shallow thrust. Then a third. When I whined impatiently, he bent to whisper in my ear. "Do you think you can take more?"

"Yes, sir." I quickly answered. Finally, with a low grunt, he buried his length in me. I sqeaked involuntarily and saw sparks for a moment, realizing all at once that what I had initially taken to be his full cock had barely been a third of his total length.

"Is this good..." His voice was the same husky whisper but I could tell his confidence had wavered.

"Yes, sir." I assured him, "Please fuck me deep and fast, sir."

He obliged.

Peter's hands were big and warm, slightly dry like leather. I could feel the texture of his palms as he roughly gripped my ass and plowed into me.

"Peter...sir...please spank me."

"You...want me to spank you?"

"Please, sir."

He rolled the flesh of my ass thoughtfully in his left hand before giving a hard smack which echoed through the empty office. Then another. The tender skin ached, sending waves of pleasure through my body.

"God you're so fucking tight," He muttered, "I love it when you beg for my cock. Tell me how you want me to fuck you, you little slut,"

"Harder, sir! Please, harder!"

Peter grinned and raised his right leg to rest his knee on my desk so he was mounting me. At this new angle his cock brushed against the most sensitive spot of my cunt with each thrust. It was all I could do to gasp helplessly as he rutted against me like a wild animal.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god..." I breathed, "Fuck! PETER!" The orgasm pulsed through me with raw intensity and I could feel my pussy contract around him. With a final grunt, Peter came deep inside me, just as I had begged him to.

We collapsed in a sweaty heap on the floor with our backs against my desk. 

"I've never fucked like that in my life." He confessed.

"I've never been fucked like that in my life." I admitted. "A word of advice? Stop hiding your light under a bushel. You have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of."

He grinned and the boyish flush returned to his cheeks. "Thanks, Lola."