 I see her when she walks in alone. I'd seen her other places in the past, she didn't seem to favor one bar over the other, one restaurant over the other, I'd even seen her in a movie. She always wears green. Different dresses to be true, but always green, and the dresses always matched her eyes.

I've never seen her on any occasion when she was not wearing green, with sparkling, tantalizing green eyes, and, of course, with that lustrous auburn hair falling down her back, constantly being pushed back out of her eyes. She tucks it, now, behind her ear as I watch her enter. She reminds me of a photo I once saw from the early 1940's. 

I've seen many men, all more handsome and better dressed than I, approach her, but that gave me a laugh because she pays them no attention. Not their looks, or dress, or anything else. She always comes in alone, and she always leaves alone.

She never, of course, notices me. Never knows I am ever there. I'm a pretty unnoticeable guy, so I'm not surprised that she doesn't see me. No one sees me well because I blend right in. 

My divorce is final tonight. My boss and his wife, Adam and Eve have taken me out to dinner to celebrate. We'd been talking about my divorce and, of course, Eve's design business when out of the corner of my eye I see her, the hottest of women. I watch, enraptured, as the lady in green comes in. Her hair swishes as she turns to speak to the maitre-d'. I think I see her gaze brush mine but I know this can't be. My eyes are paying tricks on me. I can't stand to look at her and at the same time I can't take my eyes off of her. Fascinatingly beautiful without that prettiness that we normally associate with the girl next door. Her nose is a little too long, her facial features too lean, her mouth too bold. No. She does not fit the word pretty at all, yet she is beautiful in a way I can only fathom in my decadent, wanting mind. I really don't understand my own mind at all. I know I can't attract her. I wouldn't know what to say or how to behave. Why is my heart beating so erratically?

She is seated at a table near us and before long I can tell that she is once again eating alone. Now that she's that close to me, I can see that her dress is very loose at the top. The waiter brings her food. A whole roasted chicken with rice and vegetables loading the plate around the chicken and a glass of tea. As soon as the waiter leaves, she bends over the chicken and my god, you can see her tits. I'm lost for a moment, just admiring those tipped tits, but couldn't stay on them for long because then she starts tearing the chicken into smaller pieces with her hands while stuffing some vegetables in her mouth and chewing. What an eater. I watch without pretence while she takes a piece of chicken in her fingers and sucks it into her mouth. My God. I watch as she eats with her fingers and then licks them in her lips. I've never seen anything like this. It's like sex. Never seen anyone misbehave like this in public. Amazing. She licks her fingers again and drinks some tea. It is one of the most vulgar and tantalizing things I've ever witnessed. I jerk my mind back to my hosts and what they have to say so they will not suspect my vulgar thoughts. They appear to not to notice the woman in green.

Adam, Eve and I finish our dinners and Adam picks up the tab. I leave the tip. All very civilized. 

As we walk out into the chill Chicago night air, I wrap my coat tightly around my lean body. We stroll to their car where we say our amicable goodbyes. They get in their automobile and I lift my freezing hand in a goodbye wave as they pull away, leaving me in their exhaust. I stand there a long moment before I return to the restaurant, and from there into its lounge where I find a vacant stool at the nearly empty bar. I order a nightcap, pay for it, and turn to watch her. From this vantage I see her finish her meal. Such craving. Such passion. Such an animal.

She finishes her meal, but then she begins to suck on the bones. It is truly mesmerizing. After she finally places them aside, she continues to sit there as if lost in a cloud of thought while finishing her glass of tea. She glances around and looks directly at me, at the bar where I sit. I look away, I hope in time, so that she won't catch me staring.

Some minutes later, during my continuing anxiety, she slides gracefully onto the barstool beside me. I feel the breath leave my lungs. I wonder if she hears the release. 

I sit very stiffly, and I bring my drink to my mouth.

From the edge of my eye I see her turn to me. 

She speaks. "Will you buy me a drink?"

Somehow, around the frog in my throat, I say, "of course."

"Good, then I'll have a cosmopolitan."

"Of course," Then I look at her small but well shaped tits, which are hardly hidden by the green cloth covering them. Somehow I find my voice, "What is a cosmopolitan?"

She smiles at me. "Two parts vodka, one part cointreau, and two parts cranberry juice. Then you squeeze in some lemon or lime, and then stir, in my case, or shake in others, with ice, and then strain the mixture into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a slice of lemon or lime as you choose a good vodka, please."

The bartender has been listening to her spiel and when I nod, and tell him, "choose a good vodka, please."

The man turns away to mix it. She doesn't seem to have anything further to say right now, and I couldn't speak if I had to. What the hell does she want of me?

The bartender brings her drink and I pay him. I pick up my drink again.

"A toast I offer to the buyer tonight," her soft voice is husky and I turn to her and lift my glass to hers. We clink and as I put a smile on my face, I think it's a smile, I watch her sip. I take a swallow.

Somehow it seems all right to look at her now so I do, I look at her more closely, and like her looks even more.

She turns to me, "we've been running into each other for months now."

"Yes," I croak. "We have," a little clearer. 

"I've noticed you are almost staring at me."

"You always wear green." Wow, four words I get out.

Laughter, God, I made her laugh. I look up, just for a moment.

"Yes, I do. Do you mind?"

"No, it fits you." I look at her luscious lips, surrounded by that auburn hair, wondering if her bush is that color too but knowing that I'd never get to find out.

"The dress, I should hope so."

"No, well, yes, but I meant the color fits you, seems right for you - somehow.

"Ah." An almost a secretive smile.

She sips at her cosmopolitan again. Then she looks up at me again, causing me to drop my eyes to her breasts, although I can't see them at the moment.

"You must like me a lot."

I couldn't believe my ears. How could she be saying this to me? How could she know?

"Yes," I say straightening my tie. Not knowing what to say, I play with the ice in my drink.

"Have you liked me all this time, when we were just seeing each other across rooms?" she asks.

"What?" I blurted it. What was she saying?

"You're so quiet," she continued. "I notice that your eyes never meet mine tonight."

"Shy," I confess.

"Mmm," she murmurs thoughtfully. "Do you want to fuck me?" 

What did she say? Did she ask if I wanted to fuck her?

"Of course," I stutter.

"Okay," she says confidently. "My name is Alaine. What is yours?"

"Sam," I get out.

* * * * * 

We enter my apartment which overlooks the lake and the airport beyond. The view is about the nicest thing I have to offer but Alaine doesn't seem impressed. She makes herself comfortable on the sofa.

I find myself incapable of looking into her eyes, but I can see her mouth, not only is it blood red and luscious, it is smiling at me.

"Another drink," I ask her.

"I don't need anymore. Music?" I could almost hear her eyebrows raise.

I cross to the stereo. I'm a jazz buff, and am very proud of my music center. I carefully pull out the new editions of the oldies "Chet Baker sings" CD and insert it in the player. Chet's soft voice fills the room, making me want to dance with its seductive sounds but of course I don't do that.

"This okay I ask her?" I'm still standing facing her. Should I cross to the sofa and sit near her? Should I sit instead on this chair beside me. Could that even be possibility for me to sit beside her, or I suppose, I can sit on the chair facing her. I sit in the chair. I'm just not brave enough to do it, but chide myself for not doing it.

She is smiling at me, from what, maybe eight feet away? I listen to Chet. 

She draws my attention to her when she slides her ass to the edge of the sofa and placing her shoulders on the seat back, her feet on the floor, she raises her buttocks in the air reaching under her skirt and removing her panties. Smiling, she throws the silky garment to me. I grab them in the air to keep them from dropping.

"Smell," she says. And I do. I bury my face in them and smell her musky aroma. I almost lick them but I don't want to embarrass myself too much.

She slowly opens her legs and I can see her cunt. She's showing it to me. She begins to touch it as I watch.

"Do you like how I smell?"

"Yes," I say through the cloth of her panties.

"See how wet my pussy is, Sam?"

"Yes." Her bush looks like it has a reddish tent from where I sit but I have to take into consideration the fact that it's wet. Her fingers separate her folds and she slowly slides them up and down and through the glistening opening. Her fingers look wet too.

"Would you like to taste it?"

I am incredibly excited and startled at the same time. It's so erotic.

"Yes," I admit, "but I've never done that before." 

"Done what?" she purrs, tracing her sopping cunt with her long fingers, dipping one inside, humping her hips very slowly.

"You know, pleasured a woman like that?" 

Really?" 

"No," I say, hypnotized by what her fingers are doing. "My ex-wife was very uptight. She thought that kind of thing was dirty. We could only make love in the missionary position, too." 

"Pity." She appraises me, "why don't you take off your jacket, Sam?" 

I rise, remove my jacket and lay it over the seat back neatly.

"Why don't you come over here beside me, Sam."

With the panties still in my hand, I cross to her. When I reach her I offer them to her, thinking she wants them back and hating to give them up. She takes them and tosses them beside her on the sofa in a damp, wadded up ball. She leans forward exposing her naked tits to me, and says to me, "come here to me," as she pats the couch beside her as if she owned it.

I sit, pushing the damp panties further along the sofa. 

"Let me take your tie off for you," she purrs in my ear and loosens the knot before pulling it out from my shirt collar and over my head, tousling my hair. I don't know where she puts it and don't care.

She begins to open my shirt at the collar. She opens it all the way to my waist. Then she runs her hands through the hair on my chest and then plays with my nipples. She takes my face in her hands and kisses me. I feel her tongue exploring me and try to play with it with my tongue which causes her to laugh lightly into my mouth. Our tongues do battle. She pulls away and kisses my cheek, then my neck and behind my ear. She pushes me back against the seat and moves down until she can take my nipple and suck it into her mouth. I'm going nuts with pleasure and a strange anticipation. Can this really be happening to me?

As she sucks gently on my teat, she undoes my belt, and begins to pull down my zipper. My hips of their own accord lift in the air so that she can pull them down – and pull them down she did. The cool air in the apartment is in opposition to her hot mouth as she releases my teat from her mouth and pulls down my shorts and takes my erect penis into her hot lips. Her hands hold my bag of testicles and she strokes them as she slowly slides up and down my rigid pole. This is the most beautiful moment of my life. Quite suddenly I explode into her mouth and she swallows several times, taking it all in.

I am exhausted, sweaty, happy, ecstatic and blissfully lying there recuperating as she cuddles in my arms. No one has ever done anything like this. She continues to nibble me, on my neck and the side of my face as I recover my senses. 

Suddenly I realize she is talking to me. "I'd love to have you lick my pussy, Sam."

I pull myself back up to a sitting position. Can I do this? Wonder what it tastes like.

"I'll try," I tell her, pulling myself back up to a sitting position.

"Kneel here, Sam. At my feet."

I kick off my shirt, pants and shorts as I kneel at her feet.

"Have you never satisfied a woman with you mouth and tongue before?"

God. "N'no. What do you mean?"

She smiles at me, "ever given head?"

"No," I said.

"I'll tell you what to do, Sam. All you have to do is follow my directions." Once again she scoots a little forward and lifts her buttocks. She shimmies her dress up her legs and over her ass so that I can see that her bush is indeed the same auburn as the hair on her head. It almost makes me smile. 

So, she is after all a real redhead. She takes my face in her hands and bends to kiss me, then pulls my face into her crotch.

"Use your tongue on me, Sam. Rub it through the slit to open it and fuck me with your tongue."

Absolutely amazed at my good fortune, having no concept of what I am doing, and with no idea if I want to do this or not, I follow her instructions and bend my head toward her cunt. The first thing that hit me was the smell, musty just like her panties, and a salty smell and taste, something like the sea with a musty taint on it. But, much to my surprise, I didn't find the smell offensive. I thought it would be odious. I touched her with my tongue, just the outer lips of her opening. I broadened my tongue and licked up her slit.

"No. Not so hard, Sam. Gently, that's it." She gasps, I've never had a woman gasp out when I stuck myself into her. "You can open the lips now, Sam. Go for it."

I continue to lick, more gently now. I open her up and stuck my tongue into her vagina beneath.

"Ahhhhh. That's it, Sam. Just right. A little faster now."

I started probing her cunt with my tongue, not a bad feeling at all. Damned if I'm not enjoying this feeling, of getting her off with my tongue.

"Now insert your fingers into me and use your tongue on my nub, here," she points to the apex of her slit where her mound has her clit peaking out. 

I had, of course, seen a clit more than once but when I opened the lips around this one was so erect it looked like a small penis. I kiss it and insert my fingers into her vagina, fucking her with them.

"Now suck the clit into your mouth, Sam. Uooooooo. That's it. Goddamn you have a hot tongue."

I can't help smiling at the compliment. 

"Suck me in," she screams under her breath at me, and I do. "Fuck me with those fingers!" 

I'm working my ass off here, plunging and sucking and she surprises the hell out of me. "Oh God," she raises her head to look at me. Her make up is smeared across her face. Perspiration runs down her cheeks. She's the most beautiful woman in the world. She grimaces, "I'm going to come soon. Stick one of those fingers in my ass, now, Sam."

I can't believe she's serious. What a terrible thing to do to her. She can't mean it.

"Do it!"

I do it.

"Ahhhhhhh," she screams as her body begins to quake, and buck. It's very hard to keep my mouth on her clit when she's bucking like this, but I keep trying – it's kind of neat, you know?

Suddenly she stills. Like the calm before the storm? I guess after the eruption that just ended.

I don't know what to do, so I keep sucking on her clit and pull my finger out of her ass. I keep fucking her with my other finger but I don't put the soiled one back in her. That would be dirty.

She pulls up and looks at me again. "That was good, Sam. You did that very well. Now you're going to fuck me until I can't stand."

For some reason, I have no fear of her now. I feel stronger now. More able. More knowledgeable. I push the clothing at our feet aside and turn to her. God, Eloise never looked like this. She is like a beautiful erotic painting laid out before me. She opens her legs as I look. I bend and enter her quickly. She looks at me in surprise and in approval. I've become what she wanted me to be. A male tiger on top of her. I pinch her nipples and pull on them as I lean forward instinctively and press my pelvis against her clitoral area. Then I plunge into her again and again.

"Stop Sam. I want you dog fashion, and as I pulled out, she flipped herself over and gripped the back of the couch. 

"Enter me from this position, Sam. "Fuck me like I'm a bitch in heat." 

I enter her and plunge in even deeper than I'd been able to before. My body develops a rhythm and I pound her. I can hear her panting, groaning, and grunting below me.

"That's it, Sam," she says and she moves under me so that her hand is available to her clit. "Fuck me."

And I do. God, do I ever. I'm in a robotic state, plunging in and out of her like an automaton. Getting faster and faster. I know she is playing with her clit beneath me but I pay no attention to that. She's on her own with that. My cock is a blur in and out of her and suddenly it wells up in my like a volcano. I cannot hold it and I scream when it shoots from me and into her. She shudders beneath me. More violently than all her shudders before.

I pull out of her and fall on the couch beside her.

We are still for some time. Breathing, drying slowly.

"Bed?" I ask when I can breath.

Her hair has fallen in her eyes. There is a sheen from the drying sweat on her body. She is just as tired as am I. 

"Yes, bed."

I lead her into the bedroom and pull what few clothing she still wears from her gorgeous body. I give her tissues and towels to wipe down with while I do the same for myself.

I cross to her and take her in my arms, "Thank you, Alaine. I don't know how I'll ever be able to thank you enough for what you've showed me here tonight. I loved every minute of it."

She leans back in my arms, her small but very round and soft tipped breasts between us. "I'm glad you did. So'd I." She takes my face in her arms and stares at me seriously, "Important that you learn something like this tonight, Sam. It'll last you all your life."

I'm not sure exactly what she meant but I am now too tired to care about nuances. We fall on the bed. I don't remember pulling the covers over me so I guess she did that during the night.

* * * * *

I wake to a quiet that is deeply disconcerting. I don't understand why at first. I've been living alone for a long time. It's a strange feeling to think something is missing from your life but that's how I wake feeling. Suddenly remembering, I turn to look for her and find she is not there. 

I call her name several times, louder and louder, and she does not answer. I rise and quickly look in the bath, then the living room and then the kitchen and the pantry. She is nowhere.

I wonder what is going on here. Did I dream all this? But no, if that were true I wouldn't feel this melancholy. In the living room I find the stains we left from our union. And in the bedroom the towels were still on the floor where we'd left them. Tissues in the trashcan with remnants of my ejaculation. And finally, on the floor where they had fallen, her panties. No, it is/was real. But where could she have gone?

I take a shower and get dressed. I clean up the apartment, scrubbing away reminders of our union. Our astounding climaxes. All this time I'm waiting for the door to open and her to walk in with donuts, but that doesn't happen. She doesn't come.

I leave the apartment and get to work on time. At lunch I go to lunch and look for her. Not only do I not see her, but I see no woman in that color either. After work at dinner, I go to a place I know she frequents. She is not there. Another place, another.
