 Violet had taken herself off for a few moments of peaceful wanderings. She thought she had earned it after hours slaving away for an ungrateful boss and lecherous customers. She worked at one of only three public houses in her village. The other two establishments were definitely of a higher class but after talking to the girls that served there, she realised that the clientele were no less disgusting. Oh, she liked the attention. Some men were even worth the fingerprints left after a hard shift. There was some part of her that liked the attention but she wasn't one of the mouthy, blatant types, full of innuendos and false promises to secure an extra coin. She was herself, quiet and unassuming. She always smiled and backed away when some over drunken buffoon came onto her. Half the time, she thought that made them worse but she couldn't find it in her to act like a tart. 

She had taken the dirt track that lead from the back door of the pub straight into the woods that surrounded the village. She had her mind set on walking the five minutes out to a small lake and just to sit and watch the fish jump and otters play before coming back to the stale smelling rooms that took over most of her waking life. Her own house was close to the lake, only about 200 yards away nestled in a glade. She shared it with her parents who were elderly and needed most of her spare time. Between them and her job, she had precious little time for herself. Now she had the added problem of some local business man trying to kick them out of their home, all in the name of progress. Oh yes, progressing his fat purse to a fat treasure chest no doubt. Her blood boiled when she thought of this and forced herself to calm down by imagining her perfect life. She looked forward to this small refuge everyday for a chance to daydream about that life. A life where she was happy and contented with a small house on the outskirts of village life. Happy to just look after 2 children and enough livestock to keep her and her husband self sufficient so that she could fall into his arms whenever she pleased. The sun always shone in her other world. The rain fell at night, when she was warm beside the man of her dreams.

She made her way to the shore of the lake, and started to walk away from her family home. After a while she heard the distant sound of chopping wood. It came from some distance around a bend in the lake. She never ventured that far due to the lack of time she had. But, intrigued by the noise that she had never heard in this part of the local area, she moved along the lake edge. Most of the men that lived in the village were drunks and layabouts who made there money after the discovery of a gold mine on the other side of the valley. The work was now done by slaves and they just spent most of their time drinking, gambling, fighting and womanising. They made her skin crawl but she needed to live.

Cautiously, she moved through the trees and eventually she saw a figure moving on the other side of the undergrowth. She stepped gingerly forward and peered through the foliage. She watched with increasing interest as a man, stripped to the waist, chopped firewood with such speed and ferocity that she was amazed he had time to aim his axe. He was muttering to himself as he slashed down with his axe, completely oblivious to the outside world. Violet watched in fascination as his muscles rippled with each movement. He was tall, clean shaven and if he took the scowl from his face, could be classed as quite handsome. She was surprised to see the makings of a house behind him. He was obviously new to the area as she hadn't seen him in the village but he acted like the whole world was his to own. 

Violet then noticed a man approaching the axe man from the right. She recognised him as a local business man called Roland Crossley. The same one that was after her parent's house. A real sleaze. Someone who thought he owned half the area and most of the women who lived in it. 

"Are you still here boy?" He shouted. "I thought I made it clear that this is no longer your land. You have no rights here anymore. All that was lost when that useless excuse of your father pissed his life up against the pub wall and gambled his deeds away."

The tall man crossed the 10 feet that separated the two with lightning speed and grabbed Crossley by the lapels.

"And I told you that you're a cheating, lying slug of a man. My father wasn't like that and this is still my land." He shoved Crossley away from him, making the round shaped oaf stumble and fall onto his ample backside. 

"You'll regret crossing me Red," Roland said shakily as he rose and dusted himself down." I wouldn't spend much longer on this sorry excuse of a house. It won't be here much longer."

The Giant of a man, presumably Red, moved towards Crossley who backed away with hands held up in defence.

"Okay, okay, I'm going but I'll be back soon and I suggest you're not around when I do." With that Crossley turned and stomped off back towards the village.

Red watched his back for a few minutes then tensed up and shouted some unintelligible roar to the sky. He turned back to the axe and after a few more minutes of furious chopping finally gave up and threw the axe away. It came to rest with a loud thud about 5 feet from where Violet was stood. She had watched the exchange with disgust and sadness. She well knew what Crossley was like and what he was capable of. She continued to watch, torn between running back to the village and showing herself to offer some support.

Red was obviously in a rage so she thought better to hang on. She was worried for him even though she had only just had the pleasure of seeing him for the first time. She watched as red seemed to calm himself. He stared out across the lake and after a minute looked to have made a decision. He unbuckled his belt, kicked off his boots and dropped his pants all in one swift movement. Violet gasped at this sudden change of events. Red tensed again and quickly spun round, peering to where she crouched. She was well hidden and she made no sound until he seemed satisfied it was nothing and walked over to the lake shore.

She watched him enter the water. Saw his strong muscular legs wade into the depths and then plunge in to the cool calm waters. He swam with the same vigour that he chopped wood. He was soon moving into the centre of the lake as she stood watching him. His strong strokes moved him effortlessly across the surface of the lake to the other side, where he turned and made his way back to his shelter.

He raised himself out of the lake and she had her first full view of his body. He was built solidly. His body appeared hard and strong yet he wasn't overly muscular. She guessed his height at well over six foot and she felt a shot of excitement as he moved into the clearing in front of his house. He picked up a towel and began to vigorously dry himself. Violet continued to watch with increasing arousal as he moved the towel across his shoulders, down his stomach and rubbed his groin. As he moved the towel around his back and bottom she saw his manhood, now warm, dry and slightly aroused after his refreshing swim and rub down. 

She licked her lips, felt her nipples harden through her summer dress and the warmth grow between her legs as he continued to move down his body. He shifted slightly as he dried himself so that, as he bent over to work on his calves and feet, his whole sweet behind greeted her glowing face. With each movement, she caught glimpses of his balls dangling low between his muscular legs. Unconsciously, she moved her hand down her body to her moist pussy. She rubbed between the fabric of her dress and panties as he continued to move around his body with the towel. 

She couldn't believe the feelings that overwhelmed her. It was just a naked man and he had just innocently been for a swim and was only drying himself. So why was she so damn turned on? At this moment, she didn't care, it was wonderful and so was he. Finding the sensation hindered, she reached below her dress and dropped her panties to the floor. Then, lifting the dress of her hem, stroked her trimmed pussy, feeling her wetness as her fingers delved deeper inside her. She continued to watch as he finished off his rubbing with another slow rub around his groin. She caught glimpses of his cock growing slightly as he rubbed and she closed her eyes imagining it inside her. She had worked up to such a state that she now had three fingers deep inside her and at that moment it was his hard cock plunging into her sopping pussy. Her minded drifted, seeing him lay on top of her as she felt his rock hard cock inside into her. His rhythm matched the ferocity of his chopping and swimming. 

All of a sudden she had a rush of feelings and a low moan escaped her open mouth. Her eyes snapped open to find Red standing right in front of her. She had been so caught up in her fantasy that she had been oblivious to the noises she must have been making whilst she fantasized with eyes closed. He towered above her and as she looked up into his face, she was overwhelmed with a sense of complete vulnerability. The feeling was too much and she felt herself falling into darkness. 

Violet stirred slowly from her faint with the feeling of being rocked back and forth. She opened her eyes to see herself being carried by Red and passing through the doorway to his home. He hadn't yet realised that she was awake as he negotiated the doorway, careful not to bang any part of her body. He gently lowered her onto his bed that stood in the corner of the only room in the house. As he rose up from depositing her, she realised that he was still completely naked. She couldn't help but look down at his semi erect member. She realised what she had done and shot her glance back to his face, blushing. She was met by a grin on his sweet face. His eyes sparkled with excitement as he reached down and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand. Her head involuntarily pushed against it like a cat rubbing against their owner at feeding time. 

Violet lifted her hand to his and gave it a gentle squeeze. She pulled it to her lips and she kissed him softly. She stared up into his wonderful eyes and then lowered her gazed back down to his cock. It started to grow slowly at her examination and she saw his chest rise and fall faster as he began to get more and more aroused. She let go of his hand and reached out to touch him. His cock jumped at her touch and she felt him harden in her grasp. She gently pulled him towards her making him fall across her. He held his weight by outstretching his arms as though to do press ups above her uplifted face. This gave her the perfect view of his covered head as it stood inches before her face. Slowly, she lifted herself and opened her mouth to kiss the emerging head. Her mouth opened further and her tongue ran along the slit as she felt it respond and become fully erect at her touch. She pulled the foreskin back with her hand and carried her touch down to his balls, cupping them, both her hand and his balls were trembling slightly. 

Oh, he tasted so good after his exertions in the lake. Her mouth fully covered his engorged head and she sucked deeply. Her other hand grasped his shaft and slowly but firmly began to pull on his hard cock as the other kneaded his full balls. She was in heaven. 

As Violet continued to devour Red's cock, he looked over her beautiful body. The dress showed every contour of her ample breasts and flat stomach. It had risen up her legs to show them in all their pearl-white glory. He shifted slightly to support himself on one hand and touched her left breast though the fabric. Her hard nipple rubbed against his palm as he gently stroked her. He moved his hand around her chest, feeling both of her breasts and then moved down her body. 

He felt her belly tremble slightly as he snaked past and ran long fingers down her outer thigh to her knees. Her legs parted involuntarily as he moved his hand inside her thighs, rising slowly to the hidden glory that he so wanted to see, feel and taste. He could feel the pressure of her mouth increase on his rock hard cock as her excitement rose from his touch.

He reached her dress hem and took hold of it in two fingers, peeling it back to reveal her fully open pussy. She could feel the cool air touch her desperate pussy and knew that he was gazing down at her. Her urgency increased the speed of her sucking and licking. She moved her mouth up and down his long shaft. She lapped at it like a hungry dog with a bone. Oh god, she so wanted to taste his cum as it burst from his cock. The next minute it was pulled from her grasp as he stood up in front of her. His arm couldn't take his full weight any longer and he rose to tower above her. His full, magnificent cock extended over her like a flag pole. They were both panting and their urgency to be fulfilled caused them to move as one. Violet grabbed Red's cock and pulled it down towards her needy pussy. He let her guide him to kneel between her open legs but as she tried to continue to pull him down to her he backed away from her and grasped hold of her hand. He placed it to the side of her thigh and dropped himself between her legs so that his face disappeared. She soon felt his soft tongue lapping at her flowing juices. She knew she would cum in seconds and couldn't stop him. She didn't want to stop him. Her knees lifted and her thighs pressed against the side of his head as he continued to run his long tongue up and down her aching lips. 

Red flattened his tongue and lapped at her lips. With each stroke he hardened it so that with every stroke, he moved deeper inside her. He couldn't hear her moaning as her legs were clamped around his head but judging from her movement, he knew she was about to cum. And that was just what he wanted so he moved his hand up and started to finger fuck her sopping pussy whilst flicking his rock hard tongue over her rock hard clitoris. That was enough. She came with a flood of juices and a wave of ecstasy. Violet thrust herself at his face wanting to feel his touch more and rode him, pushing the back of his head with her hair filled hands. Stars burst into her closed eyes as wave after wave washed over her. It had been so long since she had felt another's fingers inside her and her body responded willingly. Gradually she relaxed and taking the hint, he pulled back to admire her open flower.

Violet shuddered and relaxed. Her body collapsed from the rigid intensity to drift on the soft mattress. She felt totally at ease even though her arms and legs were spread wide and her whole body on show for this mountain of a man. She reached down and grabbed hold of his ears and gently pulled him up her body. Red lightly pressed against her as he rose up the bed. She could feel his firm body as it pressed her further into the mattress. Once his face was level with hers, she pulled him close and kissed him deeply. Her mouth opened wide and covered his. She could taste herself on his lips and tongue as she ran her own tongue over the whole of his mouth. She was getting herself worked up again as she pressed harder against his willing open mouth. 

She reached down to find his rock hard cock as it pulsed against her inner thigh. Oh it felt so good and she knew that in seconds she would finally feel it deep inside her. The warmth of it would soon feel cool when it entered the furnace of her aching pussy. She rubbed his head up and down her open lips, making it wet with her moistness and then, when she could take it no more, pulled him into her. Her tongue probed his mouth as his cock delved deep inside her. Both of them moaned as he disappeared inside her completely and she bit his bottom lip as he pulled back and thrust hard back into her. She lifted her legs wide to encompass his vast back, making herself as open as possible. She knew he was close to coming after the way she had devoured him earlier with her mouth and the way his cock felt as hard as stone as it pounded her. 

"Mmmmm, fuck me deep and hard angel," she murmured into his now damp ear. She continued to nibble at it as he started to thrust harder and harder. He could hear her give a little grunt each time he thrust. 

Red felt her legs circle around the small of his back and push him to her with her ankles. Even though she was dripping wet with her own juices he still felt every move inside her. Every ripple of her willing pussy seemed to suck at him and within only a couple of minutes he felt the familiar feeling of himself ready to rush out of his engorged cock. 

Violet could feel his balls slap against her ass cheeks as he continued to ram into her. Her arms and legs were now wrapped around him and she held on for dear life as unbelievably, he increased his speed. She could feel herself start to tip over the edge. She had never come this close together before but his continued battering of her willing, open pussy was relentless. 

Red felt her whole body press harder against him and felt her grip on his cock tighten. That was enough. He exploded deep inside her for what seemed an age. They both groaned loudly as their bodies melded together as one. He continued to thrust until he felt like he had emptied a gallon of his semen into her. Oh, he loved that feeling. Of complete abandonment as his juices flowed out of himself and into another person. The feeling of oneness was almost overpowering. He savoured every moment as he slowed his pace so that he was just rocking on top of her. He was as deep as he could get inside her and just kept twitching and pushing to feel as much of her as possible. He could feel her respond and tug on him with her muscles. 

Red stared down at this beautiful vision that had emerged so suddenly into his life and softly kissed her deeply and with so much passion that he surprised even himself with its intensity...........