 Chapter 32 

By the time I got home I was physically and emotionally drained and I was looking forward to spending some time alone. I had my projects to work on and they were coming along great. 

I looked in the fridge for something to eat for supper and found some leftovers that were just a few days old and I figured they would do. I sat down and looked thru my patterns to see what I would start next. There was a nice photo frame that would make a great present and I earmarked the page so I could make a copy later. 

I looked over my supplies and found I had plenty of wood to work with so I planned out how I would proceed. I guessed it would be best if I made the frame parts first and cut the decorative design before assembly. It was a simple project, just a lot of detail to cut and finish. 

I really didn't feel like working and since I hadn't gotten a lot of sleep I laid down for a nap. I had some wild dreams and when I awoke I had a hard time deciding what was real or imagined, my life was becoming a movie reel of erotica and sex. My "harem" had grown little by little and I was thinking I had bit off more than I could chew. Why didn't I find this place when I was younger? 

Mary called and said that next Wednesday was Carol's 18th birthday and she was planning a surprise party for her. Julie had asked her to put it together because she couldn't get away with anything with the girls around. The party was going to be held at Julie's and everyone was going to meet at a central point and descend on the house together. Everyone was bringing something and Mary said she was sure it would be a great time for everyone. I asked about presents and she said to get whatever I wanted. Laughing I said she was a big help and she giggled in the way only Mary can. I told her I knew what she wanted but she would have to wait until we were alone and Mary agreed. 

The party gave me something to think about besides how I was going to handle all the pussy around here. I knew I was going to have to take a trip to Knoxville tomorrow and I called Grace to see if she wanted to go with me. Grace was glad I called because she didn't know what to get Carol either and maybe between the two of us we could figure it out. 

I had an early supper and hit the rack because tomorrow was going to be a busy day. 

I picked up Grace around eight thirty and we made the hour trip to Knoxville and stopped for a coffee and doughnut because we were a little early for the stores to be open. We had some time to talk and told each other what we had been doing. She asked how the ladies were treating me and I jokingly said I didn't have to worry about gaining weight. She laughed and agreed that I was getting enough exercise. 

We were in a booth that was kind of private and I asked if she had talked with the ladies with college age girls about STD testing and birth control. She said she had and everyone agreed that it was good idea because no one wanted any problems. The women enjoyed bareback sex and didn't want to have to worry about using condoms when they were in the valley and didn't want to spoil that. 

We finished our coffee and went in the Mall to find something for Carol. I didn't have the foggiest idea what an eighteen year old girl would be interested in so I was shopping blind. Grace knew her sizes so she picked out a nice outfit that would show off her figure without being slutty. I thought about one of the music devices that all the kids were going around with and found one on sale and it came with a gift card to download music. I decided that even though it was a little expensive I would get it for her. Julie was doing a good job providing for the kids and I knew there wasn't a lot left over for things they didn't really need. It was going to be hard enough for her to save enough to send her to college. 

While we were in the area we decided we could pick up some things that we couldn't get in town. I picked up a few packages of scroll saw blades and some more Oak panels as well as some Pine and Cherry boards. I needed some t-shirts and socks for the coming spring and bought them also. Grace had bought some stuff and I didn't ask what she had in the bags. We had some lunch and headed home. It was good to have a great day with Grace. 

Wednesday came soon enough and it had been decided that Mary's house would be the meeting spot for everyone. I felt a little nervous because I was the only male in a group of 20 people. I looked around and there wasn't anyone in the group that I would throw out of bed. I was always amazed that everyone I met here in the valley was beautiful in their own way. 

We left at the appointed time and all pulled into Julie's door yard one after another. It must have looked like an invasion if you were looking out the door. We all got out and went into the house without knocking and Carol asked "What the hell is going on?" 

When she said that we all sang Happy Birthday to her and she burst out crying. We had a great big group hug and I had to smile as I was groped more than once. We piled the presents in the corner and went back to the cars to get the food. Julie had set a table for it and there was enough food for a small army. Everyone had something to eat and there was beer and wine served. There were a few other young ladies that were Carol's age that I hadn't met yet and they were having their own party. I saw a few beers slipping away but didn't say anything. I caught Carol's eye and winked at her letting her know it was cool with me. 

After a few hours it was time to open her presents and Carol Oh'd and AH'd each time she opened a package. She got mostly clothes and quite a few books. My small package was on the bottom of the pile and was the last one to be opened. Ripping away the paper she opened the plain box I had wrapped it in and shrieked loudly. 

"MOM, look at what Mike got me, an IPOD, can you believe it an IPOD. THANK YOU MIKE." 

She got up and threw herself into my arms, hugging me and kissing me. She surprised me and kissed me hard on the mouth. I kissed her back and but refrained from giving her a deep kiss. She was ripe for loving and I was glad she was finally 18. 

The party wound down around 10 and everyone started to excuse themselves, Carol standing at the door thanking everyone for their gifts and for coming to celebrate with her. I held back and was the last to leave. She held on to me and whispered to me that she loved me and to stay available and be her "FIRST". 

I told her that I didn't have any plans for leaving the valley and I would be proud to be her "first" whenever she was ready. She thanked me again for her IPOD and said when she downloaded some music she would stop by and let me listen to how it sounded. 

She walked me to my SUV and when I opened the door she grabbed me again and gave me another kiss. I broke off the kiss and got in the car before I got myself in trouble. I had the feeling that because she turned eighteen I would have an overnight visitor very soon. 

I was enjoying a coffee the next morning nursing a slight hangover when Julie knocked and opened the door. 

"Mike, are you busy?" 

I invited her in and offered her coffee or tea and since I had coffee she said she would have that. She wanted to thank me for being so generous in getting Carol such an expensive gift. Laughing I said that it is only money and if you can bring someone some happiness then that is what is important. 

"You know Mike, Carol loves you, she thinks of you as a mentor, a father figure, and she also wants you as a lover. I wanted to tell you that when the time comes you have my blessing to take her into your bed. I know you will be gentle and will make sure her first experience with a man will be special. I know you know she and her sisters are not virgins in the strict sense but they are as far as having a man." 

"You know I will do everything I can to make her first lovemaking special. I want her to grow and develop into her own special adult person. I am expecting that she is getting anxious and will be here very soon. The box has been opened and the lid doesn't fit anymore." 

"Julie, do you realize what that will open up, once the twins know that Carol has had a man they will want the same thing and they are way too young. They may look like women but 15 is way too young. You have held Carol off until she is of age so you have a standard to go by. I just don't want you to have a problem with them so early in their lives. Another part of that are the other youngsters in the valley. What is good for one is good for all as far as kids are concerned. This could open a real big can of worms." 

"Mike I know what you are saying and I am afraid also but I just wanted you to know how I felt about you and Carol when the time comes. When she comes home glowing from her first real loving, I will know it was you and you did it right." 

We had another cup of java and talked about how much fun the party was last night. She said how pleased Carol was with everything and how she told her how she had kissed me. I blushed a little and Julie joked asking how good a kisser was she. I told her that she was good and must have been practicing with someone but her mother was still better. She smiled and thanked me leaning over to me to prove my point. Her lips were soft and molded themselves perfectly to mine. Her tongue brushed my lips and I parted then to receive her gift. 

We kissed and fondled one another for a time but neither one of us was inclined to take it any further. Soft tits, wet lips and a warm body are always pleasant and we enjoyed each other just by being with one another. Julie excused herself, kissed me and left for home. 

I was starting to form a relationship with her family and where would that take all of us. Julie had given me carte blanch with Carol and I would assume if I was still around and able bodied it would be the same with the twins. 

Chapter 33 

It was a week or so after the party when Carol called me. I was surprised that she had waited so long. 

"Hi" she said "Can we get together Mike?" 

Right to the point so I decided to tease her a little bit. 

"Well we probably could if I knew who I getting together with, why don't you tell me who you are". 

"It's me, Carol. Your teasing me now, you knew all along who I was." 

I laughed and confessed, telling her that we could make love anytime she wanted to. 

Carol asked if today was ok and I told her to come over after lunch and plan to stay for dinner. I asked to speak to her mother and she put her on. 

"Julie do I have permission to make love to Carol today?" 

"Yes Mike you have my permission." 

I told her that she would stay for dinner and if it was going to be later she would call and let her know. Julie giggled and said if she wanted to stay the night it would be ok and if she didn't hear from me in a few days she would take care of the burial and hung up before I could say anything. 

Carol showed up around one o'clock and came in my arms as soon as I opened the door to let her in. I kissed her with a deep tongue kiss and she molded her young body against me grinding her sex to me. 

I wanted to slow her down so it would be a special time so I offered her a soft drink or something. She opted for water and we sat down to talk for a few minutes. She wanted to know what went on at the parties and I told her SEX. She teased me for details and I told her my decision to keep what went on with anyone stayed with that person or persons. If they wanted to talk about it that was their business buy no one would hear it from me. I told her what we did in bed was our business and I wouldn't gossip about it and I hoped that she would follow my example. She agreed and said she hoped she would have the inner strength to uphold my standards. 

I opened my arms inviting her to sit closed to me and we kissed and petted for a little while. I could tell she was getting impatient so I took her hand and we went to the bedroom. She stood before me and I slowly undressed her. When I took off her bra her breasts were amazing. I had seen them before but because we were alone they seemed so much more special. 

They set high on her chest full and round without any sag. The way her nipples pointed upwards they invited me to suck on them. I opened my mouth wide and took in as much as I could, sucking hard. I let the breast slip away and captured the nipple as it passed my lips. I alternated from one tit to the other and she pressed my head to her chest. 

She was making soft mewing sounds as I sucked and I slipped her panties down over her hips and let them fall to the floor. I kissed her tummy, moving closer to the fragrance that was driving me crazy. I backed her up and just let my eyes take in the vision of perfection that stood before me. Long flowing hair, a beautiful face, her long neck drew my eyes and it led to her chest that looked like it was airbrushed on a canvas. A narrow waist topped the neat landing strip that pointed to her pussy. The top of a tight slit peaked out from between her legs long enough to make any man drool. 

I appreciated the view for a few minutes and stood up to take off my clothes. I removed my shirt and started on my pants but Carol brushed my hand away and finished the job. My cock sprung up and she grabbed it and gave it a few pumps bringing a drop of precum out of my slit. 

Carol pushed me down on the bed and she kissed the tip of my cock taking the drop of precum on her tongue and savoring the taste. Her lips closed around the head of my cock and slid down a little further with every trip down the shaft. I was soon fucking her throat and it was like she had been doing it all her life. She stopped at the bottom of a stroke and her tongue lapped at my balls while she hummed a tune that drove me nuts. 

I was getting close to cumming and told her so but she didn't bat an eye and kept sucking and licking me. I gripped the sheets as my cream shot out the tip of my cock and she took it all, slurping and swallowing as each eruption coated her mouth and throat. Looking up with a smile of satisfaction she stroked me with her hand coaxing the last drop from me and licking it off to join the rest of my baby makers in her stomach. 

I took her in my arms and we kissed deeply and I could taste my juice on her mouth. She was getting hotter and hotter as we kissed and hugged so I flipped her on her back and slid down between her legs. She didn't need any instruction about what to do with her legs and they spread impossibly wide. It looked like she was doing a dance split and she raised her hips so I could lick her pussy. 

Her tight split opened like a spring flower and I could lick the groove between her inner and outer lips. A little nibble on the lips brought more moans from her throat and when my tongue split them open and swiped past her opening she gasped "YES, YES,YES" I pointed my tongue and stabbed into the wet hole, tasting the elixir that awaited my taste buds. I wanted to take my time and bring her to the brink over and over before she had her first orgasm. She was well on her way to her first one and she bucked her pussy against my mouth and tongue. 

I added a finger to her hot opening and it just added to her excitement, gasping and panting she wanted all I could give her. I slipped another finger in, turned my hand palm up and searched for her g-spot. I knew I found it when her juice flowed out in a gush. I lapped it up and looked for a second helping, she didn't have to try hard to satisfy my demands. 

She had a few orgasms but not the one that I wanted her to have so I didn't stop my sucking and lapping. I worked my way up to her clit and it wasn't very big but I could still suck it into my mouth and lightly at nibbled. That set off another cum for her and I could feel a spray against my chin. I knew she was ready for my cock and I rose up to a kneeling position between her spread legs. 

I rubbed my re-energized cock against her sex and she pushed her hips to try to impale herself. I backed off to tease her and she whimpered and whined wanting my cock to bury itself in her pussy. I put a hand on her stomach to hold her down and slid about an inch of hard shaft into her. Carol's eyes widened as she felt her pussy stretch to accommodate the girth of my cock. She smiled thru clenched teeth and her eyes told me what she wanted. 

I removed my hand and she didn't wait for me to push my cock into her, she drove her hips up, taking me to the root and started to fuck me like a mad woman. She was moving so fast I thought she would have set us afire if she wasn't so wet. I was matching her movements and her juices were squirting out around my shaft as it continued its journey in and out of her cunt. 

She had a big orgasm, slowed down and I took advantage of her pause and flipped her over on all fours. Her heart shaped ass was in the air and her little pucker looked inviting so I swiped my tongue across it. She jumped and pushed her ass back in my face and I rimmed her some more. I knew she was ready for the main event and held her hips as I drove my cock in her pussy in one push. She grunted and I started to fuck her hard and fast, gasping for air she started to scream to fuck her hard and fuck her I did. 

I was starting to tire and I hoped I could hold on for a few more minutes but she surprised me as she got off my cock after another cum and pushed me down on my back. She straddled my waist and impaled herself again on my weapon. She was grinding and humping and all I had to do was hold on to her so I could try to control her hips so she didn't break my cock off. 

She stiffened up, put her head back and screamed out "Oh my God, I am cumming so good" her juice squirted out all over us and I was soaked from my chest to me knees. I filled her with my cream and she shuddered when she realized I had cum in her. I don't think I ever saw anyone cum so hard, she didn't pass out but just fell forward and lay on my chest. Her legs were still flexed under her and I knew if she didn't move she would cramp up so as much as I wanted to stay captured in her pussy I made her move and straighten her legs. 

We rested in each other's arms feeling the warmth and calm of the little death. She woke up enough to look at me and she was beautiful in the afterglow of orgasm. I knew that I had given her something special and I hoped in the future she would find a husband that could do the same thing for her. 

Dinner was a simple affair and we dressed in the minimum of clothes. Carol just put on one of my long t shirts and I could see her stiff nipples and when she bent over or reached for something her ass and pussy were exposed. We had a steak with the usual fixings and shared a bottle of wine. I thought if she was old enough to make love then she could have a glass of wine or two. 

Carol expressed her joy about our first real union. Her face glowed as she described what she felt, the extreme feeling that she had to pee as she had her orgasm. She said it was so much stronger than when she masturbated and she didn't know she was a squirter. I told her that I had heard of women squirting but had never seen it until I moved here to the valley, it seems that almost everyone around here squirts and the ones that haven't probably just were afraid to let it go. 

Carol was moving closer as we talked and finally she was sitting on my lap. Her ass was squirming around on my cock and I was getting hard for the third time today. Her lips met mine and her tongue searched for mine. We tongue dueled and I was sure she could feel my cock poking her under her bottom. I turned her around so she faced away from me and reaching under her shirt I massaged her tits, rolling her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers. 
