 She kisses him hard on the mouth, moving across his cheek, down his neck and across his shoulder, gently biting. Moving down his chest, sucking on his nipples, making them hard. Reaching down sliding her finger inside her cunt fingering herself. Bringing her finger up to his lips, sliding them into his mouth, she continues to kiss down his chest, across his rock hard stomach. Moving to his cock, sliding her tongue over the head, teasing it back to life. Sucking just the head into her mouth, running her tongue over it, sticking her tongue into his slit. Reaching down gently squeezing his balls. Sliding her mouth off his cock, licking down the shaft, running her tongue over his balls, sucking them into her mouth, rolling them around gently biting down. Wrapping her hand around his cock, stroking him while she sucks on his balls. An idea enters her mind.

She slides her finger down over his asshole, gently pushing her finger against it, hearing him moan she continues, sliding her mouth down over his cock. Taking her finger pushing it harder against his asshole, letting the tip slide in, deep throating his cock. Feeling him pull away, she quickly but gently bites down onto his cock, stopping him. Working her mouth on his cock, sucking him faster, trying to take his mind off the finger in his ass. She pushes her finger deeper in, filling his asshole. He begins to moan, pumping his cock into her mouth sliding it deep into her throat. She slides her finger in and out of his ass, faster. He grabs her by the hair, slamming her mouth down over his cock, faster and faster. His cock slamming into the back of her throat. He places both of his hands on her head, fucking her mouth, hard. 

"Ohhhh baby. I'm gonna fill your mouth with my cum ". She sucks his cock faster, wanting to taste him. Working her finger in and out of his ass. He moans as he shoots his cum into her mouth. She swallows everything he has, milking him dry. She slides her finger out of his ass. Kissing the head of his cock, sliding back up his body. Moving to his lips, kissing him hard on the mouth, letting him taste himself.

He grabs her by the hair, pulling her mouth down to his again, sliding his tongue in, fighting with hers. He slides his hands over her body, squeezing her ass in his hands, pulling her cheeks apart, sliding his finger over her rosebud, pushing his finger against it. She moans, letting him know its ok. She wants to feel his finger in her ass. He looks into her eyes, placing his hands on her waist, lifting her up, sliding his cock deep into her cunt. She starts to move on him, slowly at first, then picking up the pace, shoving herself down onto him, making his cock wet with her juices. He grabs her, pushing her off his cock, flipping her onto her hands and knees. Starting at her neck working his way down, leaving kisses, gently nipping at her body. He slaps her hard on the ass.

She tries to jerk away but his hand wonders down to her cunt, slipping his fingers into her. Sliding his hand over her ass, his tongue running down her crack, probing her rosebud. He slides his tongue into her ass. His fingers sliding in and out of her cunt, rubbing his thumb over her clit, fucking her ass with his tongue. Pinching her clit, he hears her moan. He slides his tongue out of her ass. Taking his cock in his hand, placing it at the entrance to her cunt slamming it into her. She screams out "ohhhhhhhhh baby". He starts to thrust in and out of her hot cunt, his fingers pinching and pulling on her clit. She pushes her body back onto his cock, meeting his thrusts, milking his cock. He smacks her hard across the ass again, she moans, trying to fuck him faster. He slips his cock out of her cunt, rubbing it up and down the crack of her ass. Placing it against her rosebud, he pushes against it, she screams out. He pushes again, the head of his cock slips in past the muscle.

She collapses onto the bed. He grabs her by the waist, pulling her back up, driving his cock the rest of the way into her ass. He stops letting her get use to the feel of his massive cock. Sliding his cock completely out, ramming it back into her. Laughing out as she screams in pain. Reaching down sliding his finger back into her dripping pussy, rubbing her clit hard, bringing her back to the brink of orgasm. He slides his cock deeper into her ass, calming down slowly fucking her ass, fingering her, making her forget the cock in her ass. She turns her head looking at him. "Go baby fuck my ass hard, make me cum, fill me with your seed". He smiles, picking her up, his cock still lodged in her ass. He places her on the table, placing her legs around his neck, driving his cock hard into her ass. He looks across the table, grabbing the vibrator lying there. Sliding it into her hot cunt, turning it on. 

He takes her hand placing it on the vibrator, helping her slide it in and out of her dripping box. His cock buried in her ass, fucking her hard, making her scream. He leans down, pulling her nipple ring into his mouth, pulling on it, running his tongue over it. She arches her hips to meet his thrusts, sliding the vibrator in and out faster. Taking his hand in hers making him pinch her clit, He looks into her eyes, and she notices the dark shadow in them. She's scared but doesn't want to stop, as she is so close to orgasm. He pulls her up to him, kissing her hard on the mouth. Walking with her, leaning her over the counter in the bathroom. Grabbing her hair, pulling her head up, making her look in the mirror at his cock buried deep in her ass. He smiles, reaching for her tits, grabbing them, tugging hard on her ring. 

She screams out. He smacks her telling her to be quiet. He reaches for the nipple clamps, applying them to her nipples. She lets out a muffled scream and he smacks her again. He fucks harder into her ass. His palm flat against the vibrator, driving it hard into her. He pounds her ass harder. She screams as her orgasm shakes her body. He pumps into her one more time and empties his load into her ass, falling onto her back. He humps her until he is empty, sliding his cock out of her ass. He turns her around kissing her rough on the lips. He smiles pulling her to him "Thank you baby". She smiles back walking with him to the bedroom waiting for the next time.