 A few days went past before we saw each other at work; she rushed up to me at the coffee machine smiling as she approached 

"Hi, are you avoiding me?" Elena said, but with mischief in her voice.

"No," I smiled, "nothing of the sort."

"Good," she said. She looked around to see that nobody was in earshot. "So when are we going to do some more photos? I assume you still want to?"

"Oh God yes!" I exclaimed, thinking about our session and how it had finished.

"I have the flat to myself tomorrow," she said, looking at me directly and pleading with her eyes for a positive response.

"OK, that sounds good," I said. I looked around to see that they were still not being overheard. "Anything in particular you want to do?"

"I'll think about it, what about you?"

"I was wondering if you wanted your boyfriend to join?" I said, trying not to sound too embarrassed.

"No," she snapped. "No way. I want this to be between us."

"OK," I replied.

She smiled at me, making me feel better and ensuring that I didn't feel my suggestion had been badly received. "5.00 Tomorrow in the lobby?"

"I look forward to it," I said smiling at her, "and I will think about what we could do."

The next day dragged but eventually the clocks said 5.00 and I left my desk and met her in the lobby.

She smiled warmly at me as I approached. "Come on, let's go. I can't wait!" she said as she headed towards the exit and the trains.

We were soon at the flat and I readied my camera, lenses, memory cards and flash light.

She disappeared and returned a few minutes later, freshly showered and wearing a bath robe. She carried a bottle of wine and two glasses.

"Drink?" she asked.

I nodded.

She poured two glasses and handed one to me. "So any thoughts?"

"A few," I replied. "Have you?"

"Yes, firstly I'm sorry about my boyfriend. It's a nice idea but I am not sure I would be OK with it, so let's see, maybe in the future?"

"OK, that's fine," I said.

"Secondly," she continued, "again not for today but maybe my flat mate might be up for it. What do you say?"

"Wow, that would be interesting," I said, my mind racing ahead, imagining some girl on girl action.

"But for today," she said interrupting my thoughts, "I thought maybe as well as some of the single girl American style, see I remembered," she laughed, "I thought," she hesitated and looked a bit embarrassed and looked away from me, "maybe you could be part of some shots."

"What?" I said, totally confused.

"Well if you took a picture of me holding you, or stroking you. Maybe even near my mouth like a pretend blow job or near here," she said pointing to her pussy, "those shots would be good."

"Yes, that sounds amazing. A good idea. You OK holding me; you know what you said about your boyfriend last time?"

She nodded. "I have thought about it, and yes I am OK. I can put different things, emotions and so on, in different compartments. And we won't have sex."

They were quiet for a while.

I interrupted the silence. "Shall we start?"

She drained her glass and nodded.

"Right," I said, taking command. "Off with the robe, on the bed kneeling, facing the wall and looking over your left shoulder at me."

She did as asked and the next few minutes were consumed with the two of us working hard. We were both getting aroused as the shots got harder and more explicit.

"OK, let's take a break and think about what's next," I said. "Are you sure about what you suggested?"

"Yes," she nodded. "Definitely."

I got my tripod set up and mounted the camera. 

"Sit on the edge of the bed."

She did as I asked, and looked at me as I adjusted the camera.

"OK, if you are sure, the camera is set to take your face and upper chest and anything else in the frame around you. I can operate it remotely with this," I showed her the remote control. "So, if I stood here," I moved beside her face, "I too would be in the picture. Or at least from my upper thighs to lower chest."

As I stood beside her she turned to face me, her face level with my waist. 

She smiled at me. "Good, so if we remove these," she undid my fly, belt and trousers and let them drop to the floor. I stepped out of them. "And if we removed this," she stood up and undid my shirt buttons and took that off me before sitting down again. "Then we only need to remove these," she continued as she removed my boxers, exposing my rapidly hardening manhood.

I stepped out of my boxers and went and looked through the camera to make sure she was sitting on the same place. A minute adjustment was required to the camera and I went back to where I had previously stood.

She reached out and, looking up me, touched my prick.

"Nice?" she asked as the touch turned to a stroke, my foreskin being gently pulled over the head of my prick and back again. She could hear the camera click as she stroked me. She cupped my balls with one hand as she stroked a bit faster.

"This is hard," I said.

"I can see that," she smiled as the camera continued to click.

"No," I laughed, "taking pictures while you do that."

"This will make it even more difficult hopefully," she said as she bent down and licked me, before putting the head of my prick in her mouth and then started sucking me. 

I moaned in appreciation as she sucked me while continuing to stroke me.

The camera stopped clicking. She stopped sucking and looked up me. "OK?"

"Yes," I said. "Amazing, a bit confused as that was more than touching, but I'm afraid the memory card is full."

I went to the camera and changed the card. My prick rock hard and wet from the blow job I had received.

"Come here", she said. She was now kneeling on the edge of the bed. I want that to be near here. I want you to tease me, but please don't put it in me. I am not sure I am ready for that. Please, can I trust you?"

I nodded as I instructed her to lie down and open her legs. I adjusted the camera to make sure it was pointing in the right area.

I knelt down and with my right hand grabbing my hard wet prick; I gave the remote control to her.

I started stroking my prick, near but not touching her pussy. I could see her wetness and see the open hole. I was really turned on. She was making the camera click and I hoped I had got the angle right and I wasn't blocking the exciting bits.

"You can touch it, but don't go in." she said.

I needed no further encouragement and rubbed her clit with the end of my prick. 

"Oh, yes," she murmured.

I let my prick trail down her outer lips, down one side and back up the other, back to her clit. I continued to stroke my manhood as I let it trail down her middle and over her open hole, resisting all urges to enter her.

She was very wet and open, it was so tempting to enter her but I did as she asked and teased her, and me, as I let my hard prick touch her sensitive areas.

"Turn over" I said pulling away from her. She did without any hesitation, on all fours with her bum in the air, as if reading my mind.

I looked through the viewfinder of the camera. What a view! Her beautiful bum up in air as if waiting to be taken.

I stood behind her and continued teasing her, this time letting my prick trail up to her rear opening and all the time, I saw her pressing the remote control and heard the camera click.

She moaned again as I touched her most sensitive areas; areas getting wetter and wetter and almost begging me to enter her.

"I had better stop." 

"Why?" she said as I stepped back.

"I can't tease you like that without it having an effect on me," I smiled. "I am really turned on and close to cumming."

"Me too," she said. "Will you lick me?"

"What?"

"Will you lick me? I want you to make me cum." 

"What about the,"

"Boyfriend?" she interrupted.

I nodded.

"He is not here, you are. Please."

I thought for a moment.

I knelt down and pushed her on her back; I opened her legs and smelt the overwhelming smell of female arousal. I lent forward and gently licked her; her lips, her opening and her clit. This last lick solicited a cry of satisfaction. I continued licking her clit as I started to finger her. I heard the camera click, but I was certain all the shot would contain would be her open legs and my head between them. She forced my head hard against her as I licked and fingered her to orgasm. It was clear by her movements that she was close. She cried out as it approached and then consumed her body as she came with an almighty sigh and stiffening of all her muscles.

I stopped my licking and slowly removed my enquiring finger.

I stood up looking at her exhausted body on the bed. As she regained her senses she sat up, indicating she wanted me to stand near her. As I did so, she reached out and stroked my prick, which soon regained its hardness. She bent down and started to suck it. I could hear the erotic sounds of her saliva mingling with my precum as she sucked and the stroked me.

"I won't last," I said. It made no difference to her as she sucked me closer and closer to my own orgasm. She had been warned I thought as I started to thrust into her mouth. I was about to cum and had no chance to warn here again as I filled her mouth with my hot salty seed. I was aware of the camera clicking as I finished my squirts and she let some of my cum dribble out of her mouth. She opened her mouth to let me out and swallowed my ejaculate, smiling at me.

She wiped her mouth and stood up. "Lets eat before we do some more." 

I nodded.

I dressed and followed her to the kitchen. She smiled at me. "OK?"

"Yes," I nodded. "You?"

"Yes," she smiled. "But you don't seem sure."

"I'm a bit confused."

"Why?" she said as she put a plate of cold meat and salad in front of me.

"The boyfriend thing."

She shrugged her shoulders as she picked at her food. "I didn't think I could have sex with you, as it would be, I don't know, unfaithful." 

"But what we did was sex..."

"I know, and it was great and I don't regret it and I want more," she said looking up me. 

They finished their food in silence. Both were deep in thought.

"Shall we do some more?" she said as she cleared away the dishes.

"Yes, fine," I said still a bit confused.

She touched my arm. "Look, forget the boyfriend. What will happen will happen? It's for the camera and us. OK?"

I nodded.

They went to the bedroom where she removed her robe and stood facing me, legs slightly apart, her hands on her hips. She smiled. "I feel so liberated doing these pictures. I am a bit frightened where it will stop. But let's do some pictures of real fucking."

She stepped towards me and removed my clothes. She bent down and licked my prick, then sucked it as it got harder and harder. She stopped, stood up and smiled at me. "I think we need a condom". 

She went to the bed side table and removed a box and took out a condom. She placed it on me and stroked me. "If you get the camera placed correctly and then lie down, I will mount you," she said as she took command.

"OK, you lie down where you want me to," I said. As I adjusted the camera, I saw her lie down, crudely open her legs and play with herself, with a wicked grin on her face.

I stepped towards the bed and lay down; she stood over my groin and slowly lowered herself onto me, guiding my rubber clad prick into her. She moaned as I entered her and she heard the camera click. She slowly raised herself until just the tip of me was inside her, before lowering herself again, filling herself up with my hard prick. 

"That feels so good," she whispered as she started to ride me. I too started thrusting to match her rhythm. The camera clicked away as I kept flicking the remote. I dropped it and reached out to caress her boobs, her nipples engorged and hard.

Both were enjoying the sensations. The photographs were no longer important.

"Let's try something different," she said as she dismounted me.

She turned around so her back was facing me, her pussy on show to the camera as she lowered herself again and started riding me harder.

"Oh god yes!" I cried. "That's awesome."

She was too lost to respond, her orgasm close. 

"I'm cumming" she cried, her movements getting jerkier. She froze with me deep inside her as she finally succumbed and reached her climax.

To my dismay, she dismounted me, but bent down and after removing the condom, started sucking me. "Your close aren't you?" she asked between sucks.

I nodded, thrusting into her hands.

"I want the camera to catch you cumming in my mouth."

I nodded again as she stroked me and held her mouth open. I was very close and groaned as I started to come, clicking the remote control for all my worth as she stroked me and guided my spurting cock towards her mouth, getting most of my cum into it.

As I shot my last spurt she let go of me, and faced the camera, her mouth open and full of my white sperm.

I clicked again and again before she closed her mouth and swallowed.

She turned to me and smiled.

I too smiled as I sat up. Tired and drained.

"Can we look at the pictures?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied. I dressed as she put the robe on. I took the memory cards to her PC and spent the next hour deleting obvious duplicate pictures and the rubbish ones.

"What do you think?" I asked as we finished looking at the final pictures, about 120 in total.

"Amazing, fantastic and a hell of a turn on!" she said as she hugged me and kissed me. She was unaware of her robe opening but I again caught a view of her wonderful small but perfectly formed breasts.

"I'm very pleased too," I said as I looked at her breasts, aware that she was making no attempt to cover herself up. 

"What shall we do next?" she asked. 

"Well if it wasn't so cold outside, we could do something outside."

"I don't think so!" she laughed,

"The boyfriend?"

She shook her head. "No, couldn't do that."

"You mentioned your flatmate?"

"Maybe, but not yet. What can we do more of?"

"Toys," I ventured.

"Yes, that's sounds like a good idea and fun," she said as she picked up a wine bottle and lewdly stroked the neck.

"Fruit and vegetables."

She laughed but was clearly thinking about it. 

Both were quiet.

"We could do other positions," she said. "You could do my bum. I bet you'd like that?"

I could hardly believe my ears. "Yes, of course," I replied my thoughts already running away with himself as I imagined entering her rear.

"When?" she asked. "Now?"

I laughed. "Not tonight Josephine As Napoleon said, I am done," I said looking at my groin. "This old chap needs to recover."

She laughed. "Oh yes, of course, tomorrow?"

"Yes, that sounds good. You're keen."

She nodded. "I love it. It's fun, sexy and liberating. I want more and more. I want to be daring I know I can separate what we do and my life with my friends and boyfriends."

"Boyfriends, plural," I smiled.

"Well alright, boyfriend at the moment but there have been more than one in the past, but that's for another day, me and my confessions," she said wistfully.

They agreed to meet at 5.00 the next day and after a long day on the office the time eventually arrived, followed by a short trip to the flat. 

She went off and showered as I again set up my camera gear. She returned as she had the previous day wearing a robe and handing me a glass of wine. "I thought we may need this," she said taking a tube of KY out of her pocket.

I blushed slightly. "Eh yes, I guess so."

"Don't you want to do it?" she asked.

"God yes!"

"Good."

"But I'm not that experienced," I said.

She smiled. "Neither am I, in fact I have never been taken there properly. Played about a bit but never went all the way."

"Oh, so are you sure?"

"Yes," she nodded. "I want to try, and as we didn't get any toys, let's try tonight."

They sat down and drank some wine discussing what they would do and what pictures they would take. Both were getting turned on, and before they knew it the bottle had been finished.

"Ready?" I asked.

"Yes, you bet!"

Right lie down and open you legs, take this," I said handing her the wine bottle, "and play with it."

She started by licking and sucking the neck before moving the bottle down her body and as the camera clicked she started rubbing herself with the bottle. I could see how wet she was and how turned on she was getting. She eventually used the bottles as a dildo, entering herself and started to masturbate with it. She started to moan, it was not being put on. She was really turned on.

"Run my clit, take some close ups," she said, her voice breaking with emotion.

I got closer and closer and reached out and touched her clit. It was hard and erect and she moaned even louder as I gently rubbed it.

The hand movements with the bottle increased in speed and the bottle was penetrating her deeper and deeper as I continued to take more and more pictures and rub her clit.

The inevitable happened and as she grit her teeth, she came. The bottle was deep inside her as she raised her hips and I rubbed her clit until she cried out "no more!"

She slowly removed the bottle and sat up regaining her composure.

"Wow, that was amazing!" she smiled. "I am still so turned on, I want you here," she continued, turning over and pointing to her rear entrance.

I nodded and got the KY, putting a generous amount around her bum hole, before gently entering her with my finger, feeling no resistance. 

More KY and a second finger had her rocking back onto my fingers and moaning in enjoyment.

I cleaned my fingers and took a few shots of her open bum hole, sighing in satisfaction as I did.

"That's different, but oh so nice," she said as I started to undress.

"I looks ready," she said nodding at my hard prick.

"Sure is," I smiled. 

I put some more KY on the end of my prick and some around her bum hole before I grabbed my prck and, standing behind her guided it towards her rear hole, already open in anticipation.

I placed its head at the entrance and slowly and carefully entered her. She moaned lustfully as I entered her.

"Oh my God!" she exclaimed.

I grunted as I slowly entered her until I was fully in. As I started to withdraw I picked up my camera and took shot after shot as I entered her and withdrew, entered her and withdrew. I had never experienced such tightness.

She forced back against me to match my thrusts. 

"That is out of this world," she sighed. 

I was too lost in ecstasy to answer as I started to thrust harder and faster.

"You're going to cum aren't you?" she asked looking over her shoulder.

I nodded.

"Fill me," she cried out.

I was very close and this took me over the edge and I felt the first spurt of me filling her. Then another and another as I remained still and enjoyed the physical and visual sensations of me buried deep in her ass.

As I slowly withdrew I took a number of shots with the camera, the last one of me finally withdrawing and my seed crudely seeping from her rear hole.

I stood up and she lay flat on her stomach.

"Very good!" a voice came from the doorway, followed by the sound of clapping. We both looked around. 

"Oh my God," Elena cried out, trying to cover her nudity. I did the same.

"I had better introduce myself," the lady said smiling as she walked into the room and looking at me. "I'm Kathy, Elena's flatmate." 

She held her hand out to shake it. I went to shake her hand but hesitated as it was being used to cover my manhood.

Kathy laughed. "Please don't be embarrassed. I missed the start of the show, but the end was good. Can I look?" she said pointing at the discarded camera.

Elena and I looked at each other.

Elena shrugged her shoulders, "if you want." 

She quickly found her robe and put it on, I looked and eventually found my boxers, picked up the camera and removed the memory card and handed it sheepishly to Kathy.
