 Mike awoke to the feel of hot breath on his face. He opened one eye and saw Fiona, Georgia's dog with her nose an inch or so from his. "Well good morning Fi," he said hoarsely, his throat not yet clear. When he reached out to pet her Fi turned and scampered out of the room.

He heard Georgia talking to her from the other room, "Fi, stay out here. Let Mike sleep."

"It's okay Georgia, I'm awake," he called.

"Sure, now that Fi woke you up," she answered laughing, as she came down the hall toward the bedroom.

When she walked through the door Mike lifted himself up on one arm, "Whoa, look at you!" he exclaimed.

Georgia was wearing a short pink robe that barely covered her in the front. Her strawberry blonde pulled back into a ponytail away from her smiling face. The front of the robe was open above the loosely tied belt. The soft curves of her breasts visible inside the silky fabric. As she moved toward him the bottom of the robe parted and closed, giving him glimpses of her smooth mound. The top of her slit teased him as she got closer.

"Good morning Mike. Sorry about Fi," she said, setting a cup of coffee on the nightstand. "I brought you coffee, I wasn't sure if you were a coffee drinker."

"Great, yes I am, thank you. It's alright about Fi, I was kinda awake anyway," he offered.

Georgia sat down on the bed next to him, "Did you sleep okay?" she asked, bending down and kissing his forehead.

The belt of her robe had pulled loose when she sat down and now leaning over had exposed one of her breasts completely.

Mike reached up and brushed the back of his fingers across her nipple, "I slept fine darling. How about you?"

Georgia sat up and looked at him like she wasn't sure what had said, "I...uh....I slept fine Mike."

He looked up at her, "You okay? You look surprised."

"You called me darling. No one has called me darling for a long time," she responded, smiling.

"Oh, sorry Georgia, I didn't mean to assume anything," he apologized.

"No.... I like it!" she said brushing his hair away from his face.

"So are you hungry?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Now that you mention it I am," he said.

"Good, I made some cinnamon apple crêpes. I hope you like them," she said.

"Wow! You did? How long have you been up? What time is it?" Mike asked.

Georgia laughed, "It's no big deal. After yesterday and last night I thought you might be hungry. Crêpes aren't what you would call a manly breakfast but I wanted to make you a treat."

"I think I've already had the treat," Mike said. "Can you give me about ten minutes?" he asked, glancing at the bathroom. "Any idea where my clothes are?"

"Oh they're around someplace. You mean you don't want to eat breakfast naked?" she teased.

Mike laughed, "As good as that sounds I think I'd better have something on." Georgia stood up and reached over to pick up his shorts giving Mike a great view of her ass. Georgia's sexy lips peaked out at him from between her thighs.

"Here you go Mike, she said handing his shorts to him, "and to answer you other questions, I've been up about an hour and it's around 9:00."

Mike threw back the sheet and reached out to grab her. Georgia squealed as she stood up and quickly stepped away from him. He was left holding her robe, which she had slipped out of trying to elude his grasp.

He tossed the robe to the far side of the bed. "Well, it looks like you're eating naked now so I guess I'll join you," he said laughing.

Georgia turned and faced him, her bare breasts jiggling as she laughed, "I dare you!" She said, as she turned and hurried out of the bedroom.

"Breakfast first, dessert later," she called back, as she went down the hall to the kitchen smiling to herself. "There's a new toothbrush on the sink, anything else in is the cabinet. Don't be long, okay," she added.

When Mike walked into the kitchen about fifteen minutes later he was still naked, but carrying his shorts in case she had changed her mind and retrieved her robe. Georgia was sitting at the table with her back to the wall. Her perky breasts were uncovered and looking down through the glass table he saw that she was still completely naked.

She laughed, "I'm glad you accepted my dare Mike. "She had pulled the only other chair next to the one she was sitting on. "Come and sit next to me."

Mike leaned over and kissed her after he had taken the seat next to her. "How delectible!" he said as she took the cover off the casserole dish holding the crêpes. "And the food looks good too!"

"Thank you, I hope you like them," she said.

"Are we talking about the food?" he asked reaching over and lightly pinching a nipple, "because I like these."

"Yes Mike, I am talking about the food," she laughed, brushing his hand away.

"Mmmm, they smell wonderful, I'm sure they'll be as great as the dinner you made last night!" he responded as she dished up the delicacy.

"It's nice to be able to cook for someone," she replied, "and even nicer when they appreciate it."

When they had finished their breakfast Mike put his hand on her thigh and moved it up her smooth leg, "So what are you doing today, any plans?" he asked.

"I'm sorry Mike, I have plans for the rest of the weekend," she said, "If I had known this would turn out like it did I would have tried to change my plans but it's probably too late now. I have plans to see a show at the Indian casino with a couple of my girlfriends. We made the plans a couple weeks ago so I'd feel bad cancelling now."

"It's okay Georgia, I understand," Mike replied. "I wouldn't expect you to change your plans."

"Thanks for understanding Mike," she said. "If we weren't spending the night I'd offer to make it up to you later."

Mike laughed, "You made it up to me already sexy lady, I really enjoyed our day and night together."

"I'm glad Mike. I did too," she replied, "I just wish I didn't have to leave so soon."

Georgia leaned toward him and kissed him as she ran her hand along his thigh, stopping before she touched his semi-rigid shaft, "Thanks for understanding Mike." 

"Do you have to leave right away?" he asked. "I was hoping maybe there was time for a quickie."

"Unfortunately, I do" she answered, looking through the glass at his erection. "I'm supposed to meet my friends in about an hour and I still need to get myself ready and throw some clothes in a bag. I'm really sorry Mike."

Mike stood up to let Georgia out from behind the table, "Oh, now I really feel bad," she said, looking at his hard-on, "Come on let me help you with that."

She took Mike's hand and led him to the bedroom.

"I don't want to make you late," he said, offering her a way out.

"How long could a blowjob take?" she asked, licking her lips as she pushed him back onto the bed.

Georgia knelt at the side of the bed and slowly licked the length of his cock. It jerked as she tongued the head. She turned her head slightly and moved her lips up and down his shaft as if she were mouthing a harmonica. When she reached the tip she licked the per-cum off before resuming the silent song she was playing on her oral sex version of a mouth organ.

Mike moaned, "Oh god that feels amazing!"

She continued past the base of his hard-on to his testicles and hummed as she sucked on them one at a time. 

The vibrations sent shivers through him, "Holy crap Georgia!" His hands reached for her head but she was too far away. He clutched at the sheets, his feet on her back, urging her on.

He felt her tongue tracing along the ridge on the underside of his cock until she reached the head. She ran her tongue around the mushroom edge of the glans of his erect shaft. Georgia rose up on her knees and held his shaft to her lips. She licked the drop of pre-cum from the hole and then slowly descended on his erection. Her tongued swirled as she lowered her head until he was entirely in her mouth. She held him deep in her mouth for a time, adjusting to the pressure of his swollen head against her throat. She felt him get harder as her head bobbed on his cock. His hands were in her hair urging his cock deeper into her mouth .

Georgia tasted traces of the previous nights sex as she sucked on his shaft. As her juices begin to flow from her pussy she reached down and ran a finger along her slit. When she touched her clit she felt her inner muscles shudder. She knew it wasn't going to take much more to make her cum.

She felt Mike's cock thicken in her mouth as she pressed a finger into her pussy. Any thought of leaving now gone, she lifted her head off Mike's cock and said, "I don't care if I'm late Mike, I need you inside me! Slide back on the bed, I'm going to give you that quickie you wanted!"

Mike barely got all the way onto the bad before Georgia had straddled him. Not waiting for him to adjust, she held his erect shaft and slipped the head between her wet lips and impaled herself on his cock.

"Oooh yes! That's so mmmm......mmmm, yesss, so good," she moaned. "I'm so hot Mike!' she exclaimed, pumping her pussy on his hard-on while rubbing her clit. "I'm going to cum Mike! Cum with me!"

Mike cupped a breast and pinched her nipple as he drove up into her. He grunted his response as his hard-on expelled his seed, "Oh yeah! Squeeze me! I'm cumming with you."

Georgia's orgasm intensified as her hips stroked up and down; finally taking over her body. Her pussy tightened on Mike's cock as she felt his hot cum spew into her.

She collapsed on top of him and kissed him as her tremors slowly abated. Mike felt the firm grip of her pussy relax on his shaft, becoming a soft warm refuge for his now limp cock. He caressed her back and kissed her, "That was the best one yet!" he said. 

Georgia nodded her head against his cheek. She lifted her body away from his and slid to the floor between his knees. She took his shriveled cock into her mouth one more time and savored the taste of their sex. 

She stood up and turned toward the bathroom. He heard the shower water, "Do you want a towel to wipe yourself before you get dressed?" she asked, as she waited for the water to get hot.

"No I'm good. The aroma of our sex will be a reminder of you for the rest of the day," he said pulling on his shorts and looking around for his shirt.

"Eww! I'm not sure if I think that's romantic or not," she laughed, "but I'm not going to invite you to shower with me or I'll never get out of here."

Mike walked over to her and put his arms around her. "Let me know when you get back Georgia. I really want to see you again."

She kissed him and said, "I will Mike, and you can count on it!"

He kissed her again and turned to go, "Have a good time Miss Ginger."

"There's a goodie bag for you in the refrigerator, just a couple extra crêpes. I thought you might enjoy them," she said, disappearing into the bathroom.

Mike found his sandals and stopped to get his goodie bag. He smiled to himself as he walked out the backdoor. Georgia had written her phone number on the bag along with, 'Call me soon!' and signed it Miss Ginger.

Mike wrote 'The Woodworker' along with his number on the whiteboard next to the fridge before heading out the backdoor.

**********

Mike was startled to find Fi right behind him as he exited the wooded area into his backyard after leaving Georgia's.

"Hey Fi, what are you doing here?" he said. "Your mistress is going to be looking for you."

Fi allowed her to follow him as he went into the house. He found his cell phone in the bedroom and called the number Georgia had written on the bag of crêpes.

"Hi Georgia" he said when she answered.

Georgia laughed, "You miss me already?"

"Well actually yes but I was calling to let you know that Fi followed me home. Can I keep her?" he joked.

"I was just about to put her in the porch before I left," she replied, "darn, now I'll be even later."

"I don't mind if she stays here with me," Mike offered. "That way you can get going."

"Oh Mike, you don't have to do that. I don't want her to be a bother," Georgia appealed.

"She's not a bother. In fact she's lying on the kitchen floor like she's at home. Go ahead and go, she's fine here," he replied.

"Alright, if you're sure. I'll leave the back porch door unlocked. When you want you can bring her back and put her inside. She'll be fine, her food and water are there," Georgia said.

Okay Georgia, have a good time, I'll see you when you get back," he replied.

"Thanks Mike, I guess that means I owe you another reward," she said, laughing.

Georgia heard Mike say 'good girl' to Fi as he hung up.

**********

Mike's phone rang around midnight. He fumbled around on his nightstand finally picking it up and answering it on the fifth ring. 

"Hello?"

"Hi Mike. It's me Ginger, I mean Georgia. I probably shouldn't have called you so late but I....I....I'm kinda tipsy and I missed you and I just wanted to say hi. You're not mad are you? Oh, I shouldn't have called. I'm sorry Mike. I'll talk to you later." She was clearly a little more than tipsy.

"Wait, wait! Don't hang up!" Mike said. "Georgia? Are you there? Georgia?"

"I'm here. Oh I'm so dumb. I shouldn't have called," she said, regretting having made the call.

Mike was fully awake by now, "It's alright Georgia. I'm glad you called. How was the show?"

"It was fun. I had a good time with my friends but they suspected something was up with me so after the show they kept buying me drinks so I'd talk," she told him.

"Some friends huh?" Mike asked.

Georgia recounted the day, "When I got in the car they knew something was different. The look on my face belied my insistence that nothing was going on. They said I was all aglow and accused me of getting laid. I denied it but after a few drinks they finally got me to spill my guts."

Mike laughed, "So your secret is out. It doesn't matter, right?"

"You're right Mike," she answered, "I don't care who knows. I'm just happy we got together"

"So did you take Fi home?" she asked, changing the subject.

"No, she's still here with me. In fact she's sleeping right here next to the bed. Would you like to speak with her?" he asked.

"Mike! I didn't want you do that. Why didn't you take her home?" Georgia asked.

"Well actually I did," he said, "but when I turned to go she started whining so I broke down and let her come home with me. I hope you don't mind. I like having her here. I forgot how nice it is to have a dog around for company."

"So you're just a big softie huh?" Georgia said, "You can't have my dog though. Maybe we can find you a Samoyed too. If you get a male we can breed them. You could show yours how it's done. You are pretty good at it!" 

Mike laughed, "You think so, huh?"

"I do Mike. I wish I were laying next to you," she said.

"That would be nice," he agreed.

Georgia continued in her sexiest voice, "So what are you wearing Mike? Know what I'm wearing? Nothing Mike. I'm naked. I'm naked and I wish you were naked with me. I can feel your hands on my body. Caressing me, touching me. Holding me."

"Um, are we about to have phone sex Miss Ginger?" Mike said, feeling his shaft growing between his legs.

"Ooh! Good idea Mike," she answered. "Are you hard? Think of my hand stroking your...your...well you know."

"So you're stroking my 'You know' ", he said.

"No, you know, your hard-on. I'm stroking your cock and it's growing," she continued, "Is it getting harder?"

Mike's hand was doing what Georgia spoke, "Yes, it's almost fully erect," he whispered. "Tell me what my hands are doing to that sexy body of your."

"No, you have to tell me," she whispered back.

"I'm laying next to you," he began, "I'm sucking on your nipples and they're getting hard. My hand is between your legs and you're pussy is wet." 

Georgia moaned as he spoke, "Oh yes, it feels so good. I am getting wet. I can feel you finger in my slit. You're pushing it in me. Ooh yes, that's nice Mike."

Mike's hand was stroking his cock as he continued, "I'm really hard now Georgia. I like how it feels when you stroke my cock. Is my finger still inside you or is it rubbing your clit?"

Georgia moaned again, picking up on his suggestion," It's...it's....one finger is in me and one is rubbing my clit. Oh Mike, it's good. I don't want to stop."

"No, keep going Georgia. Keep rubbing your clit and fingering your pussy. I bet you're really wet now," he encouraged.

"Oh yeah, so wet," she gasped. "I wish you were here to suck on my pussy. I bet you'd like that. I know I would," she added, "I wish you were sucking on my pussy."

Now Mike was moaning. The head of his cock was wet with his pre-cum, he smeared it around as he stroked himself while he listened to Georgia as she acted out their phone sex. "Damn Georgia, this is hot. I'm getting really turned on. You have good phone hands darling."

Georgia moaned and laughed, "Your hands are pretty nice too Mike. Now you have two fingers in me and you're thumb is rubbing my clit. Your other hand is rubbing my tits and playing with my nipples. My nipples are so hard Mike. Is your cock still hard, are you still stroking it?" she asked.

"Even harder," he admitted. "I had to slow down to keep from cumming."

"Maybe I should suck it for you Mike, would you like that?" she asked.

"Ooh damn Georgia, I wish you could figure out how to do that over the phone. That would feel so good," he said squeezing his shaft to keep from exploding.

"Oh Mike, I'm gonna cum. Cum with me Mike," she was moaning louder now. He could hear her gasping for air as her orgasm shook her body. "Oh Mike! Oh yes, yes! Cum Mike, I want to hear you cum too."

Mike stroked his cock as she moaned through her climax. He felt his body tense as his cum shot onto his chest, "I'm cumming! Oh yeah, oh my god Georgia, that felt so good."

There was silence for a while until Mike finally asked. "Are you still there Georgia?"

"Mmmm yeah, I'm sleepy Mike. Can we talk tomorrow?" she asked, yawning.

"Of course, sleep well Miss Ginger. Goodnight."

"Goodnight Mike."