 The Wood Nymph

Mike was in his workshop planing a stack of rough sawn cedar. He had about a thousand board feet of it and he wanted it all planed before he stacked it on the lumber rack he had finished earlier in the week.

It had been a rainy spring but this Friday in late May had started out mild and without a cloud in the sky. The forecast was for continued clear weather for the weekend with the temps in the mid 80's and the humidity around 80%. It made working outdoors or in his shop hot and sweaty but he preferred that to the cold damp winters. He theorized that he could always take enough cloths off to get cooled off but when he was cold he couldn't seem to get warm regardless of how much he had on. His personal climate theory was the reason he still slept on a waterbed, something he'd first done in the early 70's. As far as he was concerned, hopping into a warm bed on a cold winter night was the way to go and he wouldn't give it up for the world. It also afforded him the luxury of sleeping nude, something else he'd adopted in the 70's and never gave up.

				***************

Mike's house was at the closed end of a dirt road. From a distance, unless you had traveled the road, you wouldn't even know the road continued because of a dogleg right before his house. It offered him the privacy he was looking for when he bought the property years earlier. He hadn't spent more than a couple weeks at the hideaway until, at age 63, he took an early retirement from his job. Since then he had rented out his house, packed up his belongings and moved here to this southern state. 

Mike was a widower, having lost his wife to cancer some six years earlier. He had dated some before leaving the coast; women his friends had set him up with. Most were one or two date affairs. A few of the women were attractive and horny enough to satiate his sexual needs for a while but none of them attracted him to the point where he wanted to pursue anything serious. So for all practical purposes he had been alone since his wife's passing. 

Mike had a small porn collection; which he watched when he needed to release his sexual tension after his friends' list of available women had run out. He hadn't met any women since moving so the porn collection had been used more frequently. He had noticed an attractive woman on his road right before the dogleg turn. Because of the turn in the road their backyards were adjacent to each other which meant she was his next-door neighbor. Although he hadn't taken the initiative to try and meet her, she had been the object of his fantasy a few nights while he was watching porn.

				***************

Mike fed a cedar plank into the planer, guiding it with his hand until he was sure it would travel straight. Once it was well on its way he walked around to the backside and guided it until the tail end of the plank had exited from under the rotating knives. Mike picked it up and flipping it over, stacked it on top of the pieces he had already planed. Once he had it all planed on one side he would run it through to finish the other side.

When he started back toward the feed end of the planer he looked up and was startled to see a petite blonde standing in the doorway. He thought he recognized her as the woman from the house next door.

"Whoa, you startled me," he said as he reached over and shut the machine off.

"Sorry," she offered. "I didn't mean to sneak up on you but with all the noise your planer makes, it was impossible not to."

"The lady knows her wood working tools, I'm impressed," he answered.

"I took a wood working class a long time ago, she said. I don't remember what all the machines are called, but for some reason I remember that one."

"Sometimes I have to stop and think about it myself," he lied, trying to put her at ease. "It's not often I get a visitor, and a pretty one at that," he continued, taking his gloves off, "My name is Mike."

"Hi, Mike," she said, blushing a little at his compliment. "My name is Ginger. Well actually it's Georgia, but my friends have always called me Ginger because of my hair."

He looked at her hair and realized it was more red than blonde but he said, "I would have called it strawberry blonde rather than ginger".

She offered, "It was darker when I was younger, but by the time it lightened to this color the name had stuck."

"I see. Well it's nice to meet you Ginger or Georgia," he said. Taking the hand she offered, holding it lightly, letting her do the shaking.

"I live down the road, just around the corner," she explained.

"I thought so," he replied, "I've seen you a few times when I passed by your house. You have a nice looking place."

"Thank you Mike," she said, continuing, "I like it, it's not big but it fits us nicely."

"Us?" he asked, he hadn't ever seen anyone else at her place and there was never more than one vehicle parked in front.

"Me and my dog", she said.

"I see," Mike answered; trying to mask his relief at hearing she was apparently unattached. He had heard she was alone and now hearing her validate that fact would no doubt further his fantasies. He was also pleased to see that up close she was even more attractive than he could see from the road when passing by.  Her hair was shoulder length and framed a very attractive lightly tanned face.

She was dressed for the spring weather, wearing light tan shorts and a loose thin-strapped white top that was cut low in the front, revealing some of her cleavage. Her breasts were small but perky, jiggling slightly as she moved. Her nipples pressed against the light material suggesting that she wasn't wearing anything under her top. 

He had heard she was in her late forties, but even dressed casually as she was, she could easily pass for someone ten to twelve years younger. 

"So you're a woodworker huh?" She asked, looking around at all the equipment.

"Well, not really, not professionally at least. It's more like a hobby, I just like working with wood. I'm not even sure what I'm going to do with this stuff," he replied, "at this point all I'm making is shavings. Maybe you'd like some to make a sachet to put in the drawer with your unmentionables"

She laughed at his joke "Well maybe I would. I was just out for a walk and I heard the noise so I thought I'd stop and introduce myself. I don't mean to keep you from your work," she said, "Maybe I should go, unless you need help."

"Well don't rush off on my account," he said, hoping she would stay, "I never turn down free help."

"Did I say free?" she asked, laughing.

"So what do you charge?" he wondered.

"How about you let me help you with your wood, then we'll talk pay," she said.

Mike wasn't sure but he thought she had glanced down at his crotch when she said it. He shook off the notion as wishful thinking. 

Mike gave her a pair of gloves and after turning the planer back on, showed her how to feed a plank into the rotating knives. He explained that she should keep it straight and close to the center of the planer table. 

"Oh, I can keep it straight alright," she said, smiling at him, "don't worry about that."

After standing next to her and feeling comfortable that she was a capable helper, he walked to the exit side and waited for the plank to come to him. When he had stacked the planed board with the others he turned back toward the door.

Ginger had already picked up another plank and was about to start it through. She paused and shouted over the noise of the machine, "You ready Mike?"

"I was born ready," he shouted back, a smirk on his face.

Ginger fed the board into the planer, guiding it carefully as he had instructed.

Mike watched from his end. As the board proceeded he noticed that she had her gloved hands on the sides of the board guiding it but she had her pelvis pressed against the end of the board.

"You're not pushing are you?" Mike asked, "Don't force it."

"No, I'm not pushing" she said, backing her hips away from the board. She fed the next board in, moving her pelvis close to the end of the wood again. She saw him watching her and said, "I'm not pushing Mike really."

He nodded, noticing that the end of the board was just above where he imagined her pubic mound to be. Having fed plenty of wood through the machine, he was well aware of the vibrations that could be felt though the wood. He also knew, having done some leaning himself that the vibrations changed as the board traveled past the blades. He had experienced getting a partial hard-on more than once and as he watched her he was certain that she was enjoying the vibrations herself.

From his perspective it looked like with each succeeding piece of wood she held her end lower against her body. She was sweating in the spring heat, beads of moisture had formed on her forehead and small rivulets of perspiration rolled down her chest into the valley between her breasts and her shorts appeared to be getting damp between her legs, Mike wondered if it was perspiration or if the vibrations were exciting her sexually. She picked up the next slab of wood, again asking him if he was ready.

"I told you, I was..." he started to say.

"I know, you were born ready," she said laughing again. This time he was sure she had looked straight at his crotch. His flaccid member had grown while he was staring at her breasts and shorts and there wasn't any way she could have missed the bulge in his pants. "You're looking more ready all the time," she added, looking back down at the bulge.

He was wishing he had not decided to go Rambo this morning. The bikini style briefs he usually wore would have hid his erection better. He'd figured he would be jumping in the outdoor shower when he finished working in the shop so he had just grabbed a pair of loose cargo pants and pulled them on. Now his hard-on pushed out on the pants, showing his obvious excitement.
Thirty minutes later when Ginger started the last plank into the planer, she immediately moved her pelvis next to it. This time she wasn't hiding it. She held herself against to the wood and started rubbing up and down on it. He watched her face as the wood moved into the planer. Her expression changed as the vibrations changed but the satisfying smile remained until she was forced to let go.

Mike stacked the piece of wood with the others and walked toward her and shut off the machine. He looked at her red face, wet with perspiration. The front of her top was wet between her breasts and her nipples were pressing harder through the material. Her shorts were definitely wet between her legs and he doubted it was all perspiration. His bulge grew bigger as he eyed her petite body.

"We're done already, do we have to stop?" she asked, obvious disappointment in her tone, "I was enjoying myself.

"This is all of the wood that I have down here in the shop. You looked like you were getting yourself all worked up, I'm not sure I can pay you what you're worth," he said, eyeing her protruding nipples.

She reached down to his bulging pants and rubbed his hard-on. "It looks to me that you have enough wood to do the job," she cooed.

"Why don't we take a break, would you like a cold drink Georgia, I mean Ginger?" he asked reaching down to the little refrigerator he kept in the corner of the shop.

"Georgia is fine if you'd prefer," she said, "What do you have stashed in there?"

"It's just that you look more like a Georgia than a Ginger to me," he said, "I'll call you Ginger if you'd prefer."

"People have been calling me Ginger for so long I guess Georgia sounds foreign to me, but when you say it, it sounds nice. You can call me Georgia if you'd like."

"OK, Georgia, I'm going to have a beer, but there's also water, and oh yeah, there's a wine cooler back there as well," he said, pulling a bottle of beer out and setting it on the workbench.

"I'll have one of those if you have more," she replied.

Mike grabbed another bottle and dug through the workbench drawer until he found an opener and popped the caps off.
He picked up the two beers and turned toward the door, "Let's sit out here," he suggested.

Georgia followed him out of the shop and around the corner to a swing hanging from a huge Sycamore tree. Mike held the seat until she had sat down then sat next to her. "Here's to working with wood," he said, holding his bottle up. 

She reached over and tapped her bottle against his "To working with YOUR wood," she said with a grin. She rubbed her hand on the cedar swing seat, "Did you make this?" she asked.

"Yeah, it was one of the first projects I made with the cedar. Actually the swing was already here but the wood was cracked, the paint peeling and it looked like hell," he said, continuing, "So I decided to rebuild it."

"It looks great," she said, "Maybe you could make one for me."

"Maybe, just know the tree isn't included," he joked.

She laughed, "Well then I better get a good price."

"I'll do you one better," Mike said. "I'll do it for free, including the wood, if you help."

She reached over and rubbed his leg, "Exactly which wood are we talking about?" she asked.

"You drive a hard bargain Georgia. Okay, I'll throw in the cedar as well," he said, eying her body again. 

They both took a long drink of their beer before she finally broke the silence. "I have to confess to something," she said, her hand on his leg.

"Don't tell me, you're from the government and you're here to help," he said, laughing.

She took another drink of her beer before continuing, "No 
I'm not, from the government, I mean."

"I wasn't just out for a walk, I came over here hoping to seduce you," she said, her hand was slowly inching its way up his thigh toward his crotch. 

"I knew it," he said, in mock disgust, "A guy just can't find good help without strings attached!"

"Seriously Mike, I've been watching you for several weeks and I want you. I've seen you coming out of your outdoor-shower naked and wished that I were naked with you."

The shower he referred to was a three-sided structure made of criss-cross lattice panels on each side. There were two panels on each side aligned to each other in a way that blocked most of the open spaces, making it fairly private from the outside unless you were standing directly next to it. There were dual shower heads on the open corners aimed in toward the side opposite the opening, allowing the occupant to shower with the least chance of being seen from outside the enclosure. Obviously Georgia had seen him walk naked from the shower to the house, he rarely covered himself believing he had total privacy in his backyard. The thought of her being out there somewhere watching excited him.

"I've been thinking about you a lot lately so I decided to introduce myself and see what happens." She explained.

"I'm glad you did Georgia," Mike answered, "I appreciate your help with the cedar."

"Oh, playing hard to get huh?" she replied smiling.

"Just teasing," he said, "Seriously, I am glad you came over, I've had a thought or three about you as well."

Georgia slid closer to him. "I want your hands all over my body. I want to touch you all over," she continued, her hand now on the bulge in his pants.

His cock was hard, restrained only by his pant leg. He put his beer in the bottle holder he had fashioned in the arm of the swing and put an arm around her shoulders. Pulling her closer, he reached across her and put his other hand on her breast. He leaned in and kissed her. Her erect nipple pressed into his palm as his tongue met hers. He pushed the spaghetti strap off her shoulder and held the bared breast in his hand.

She squeezed his erection through the material of his pant leg. With her free hand she pushed the other strap down and maneuvered her arms to let her top slip down, baring both of her breasts to him. 

Her hand was working at his zipper as he bent down and sucked an erect nipple into his mouth. His hand kneaded the other breast while he sucked and nibbled at the nipple in his mouth. Georgia moaned as she undid his belt and the top button of his pants. She reached in to free his hard-on, "Oh good," she gasped, "you're naked in here!"

She worked the stiff shaft out of his pants and wrapped her hand around his now uncovered cock and stroked it slowly. She smeared the pre-cum around the swollen head with her thumb.

Mike leaned back in the swing and moaned, "Oh yeah, that feels great Georgia."

She slid away from him, leaned over and licked the swollen head of his hard-on, the tip of her tongue exploring his hole. Her warm lips parted as she slowly sucked him into her mouth. 

Gradually she lowered her head as her mouth slowly covered most of his entire length. Her head bobbed on his cock, caressing it with her tongue and lips.

Mike moaned again trying to maintain control, knowing it was a losing battle. It had been way too long since he'd had sex and he was horny as hell regardless of the porn he'd watched just a few days earlier. "Be careful with that," he warned, "it's loaded and it's about to go off." 

Georgia nodded her approval, she was anxious to taste his hot semen. Sucking him deep into her hot mouth, she swirled her tongue around his swollen head, setting off his orgasm. 

His hot cum shot into her mouth. Her tongue flicked on the now super sensitive head of his cock causing it to jerk uncontrollably, pumping more of his seed into her wet welcoming mouth.

"Oh my God Georgia, that feels so good, suck me, suck me dry!" Mike moaned. Her head continued to bob on his erection until it started to soften. Slowly she relinquished her hold on it. Lifting her head, she pulled on it stretching it out, sucking the last of his cum into her mouth. She sat up licking her lips and kissed him. When her tongue slipped into his mouth, he could taste his cum.

He cupped a bare breast, kneading the soft flesh before trapping the erect nipple between two fingers and tugging gently. She moaned into his mouth, "Oh God Mike, I'm so hot, tell me it's my turn to cum now." 

Mike slid a hand down across her flat tummy and worked the single button loose then slid her zipper down. His hand slid down to her pubic mound. He was pleased to find that she was clean-shaven; he had always liked shaved pussies. He also realized that he wasn't the only one who had decided to go Rambo that day. "Well, look who else is naked under their clothes," he said.

Georgia smiled and said, "I figured if my plan to seduce you worked I didn't want any extra clothes in the way."

"Not only is she good with wood, she thinks ahead. I like that in a woman," Mike replied.

He stood up and put his hands on her bare shoulders, turning her he gently urged her onto her back on the swing as he stood over her half naked body. 

As she lay on the swing bench with her knees pulled up, Mike grasped the waistband of her shorts and waited for her to lift her hips off the swing before sliding them out from under her butt and up her smooth legs toward her raised knees. When she lowered her ass back to the seat, Mike slid the shorts over her knees and down to her ankles. Georgia lifted her feet and let him slide them off, taking her sandals off with the shorts. He folded the shorts and draped them over the back of the swing.

She lay there naked except for her top still around her tummy. Mike took in her beauty. Her green eyes staring back at him. Her long reddish-blonde hair spread out on the seat around her head. Her soft firm breasts rising as she slowly inhaled through her slightly parted lips, dropping back down as she let the air escape through her nose. His eyes moved down past her flat tummy to her clean-shaven pubic mound. He gently lifted her left leg and rested it on her shorts on the back of the swing. She moved her other leg to the edge of the seat and let it drop to the ground. The soft outer lips of her vagina parted slightly, her clit now protruded from its hood at the top of her slit. When she slid her left knee back toward her, the petal like edges of her inner lips protruded through the now wider opening of her pussy. A small drop of her moisture seeped from her slit down toward her puckered hole. Mike stood there, taking in the naked body lying before him.
