 She rolls over to the sound of the alarm. Looking around for him. Thinking she was dreaming it all. She lays her head back down on the pillow. Then it hits her the smell of coffee. She slides out of the bed, walking out the door to the kitchen. He smiles when he notices her standing there.... naked. She walks over to him, sliding her arms around his waist, kissing the back of his neck. Wrapping her hand around his cock, stroking him, feeling him harden in her hand. He smiles pushing her hand away. She looks at him with sad eyes.

"You have to eat first darling, then you can play". He quietly laughs." I have a surprise for you later". She smiles, nodding her head at him." Ok babe that sounds like fun.

She sits at the table. He brings her a plate, sitting beside, running his hand over her thigh. She smiles at him, digging into her food, enjoying the meal he has cooked. She helps him clean up the mess, walking back into the bedroom. He follows her, looking at her body. She suddenly stops, turning walking to the bathroom. He smiles, following her to the bathroom, reaching out, giving her a smack across the ass. She jumps, turning around looking at him, sticking her tongue out, running to the bathroom. She tries to slam the door, but he stops her, grabbing her hands, pushing her back against the wall, leaning into her kissing her hard on the mouth. She kisses him back, sliding her tongue into his mouth. His hands cupping her breasts, pinching her nipples, sliding his mouth down, sucking one into his mouth pulling on her nipple ring.

He steps away. Turning on the water, pulling her into the shower with him. He grabs the soap, running it over her body, cleaning her. Soaping up his hands, running them over her ass and up across her back, back down spreading her ass cheeks apart gliding a soapy finger along her crack. He presses it against her rosebud, pushing it inside, she moans. He pulls his finger out hearing her moan. She turns to look at him; he just smiles and continues to wash her body. She takes the soap from his hand and washes his body, taking her time slowly moving over him. Wrapping her hand around his cock, gently stroking him, listening to him moan. She giggles letting him go, turning off the water and stepping out of the shower. She grabs a towel, drying off leaving him standing naked and aroused in the shower. She walks to the bedroom putting on some clothes. She walks back to the bathroom. He's standing there stroking his cock. She watches him for a few minutes, he catches her standing they're, smiling, and he continues to stroke his cock shooting a load of cum across the bathroom.

She smiles at him, walking out the front door of the cabin. She walks down towards the lake, stopping, listening. She hears the sound of water running and she sets off towards it. She climbs to the top of the hill to see the most beautiful sight she has ever seen. The waterfall was gorgeous falling into the lake, the trees over hanging into the water. She runs back down the hill, running to the cabin. She runs up the stairs and almost plows into him standing there with another man. She stops and looks at this man. He's gorgeous; she can't take her eyes off of him.

"Darling meet Blake". She reaches over and shakes his hand, looking at this monster of a man. " This is your surprise I told you about darling". She turns to look at him, smiling. She reaches for Blake's hand pulling him into the house. She leads him to the kitchen, where he sits down; she turns and walks back out of the room. He's still standing on the porch outside. She opens the door "Babe thank you so much, but I want you to come inside to. Blake doesn't get to touch me unless you are part of the deal to". He follows her inside, squeezing her ass on the way. She jumps slightly, turning, smiling at him. Taking him by the hand leading him into the kitchen.

She turns to Blake, standing in front of him. She leans over lightly kissing him, running her hands over his chest. Grabbing his hands pulling him to stand. She admires his body enjoying what she sees. Blake is 6'3 blond hair, green eyes. She takes his hand in one of her and reaches for Him to come to. She leads both men to the bedroom, where she pushes them both back onto the bed. She smiles and starts to take her clothes off. He stands up and quickly disrobes, Blake follows his lead. 

She lies on the bed and Blake is quickly between her legs, eating her pussy, sliding his finger in and out of her. She wraps her legs around his head pulling him into her. He gets on the bed straddling her head sliding his cock into her open mouth silencing her moans. She lets him slide his cock down her throat, sliding her hands around to his ass holding him there. He starts to fuck her mouth, slowly at first, then picking up speed her moans vibrating around his cock. Blake eating her pussy like a mad man takes his finger and slides it into her ass, Fucking her ass and pussy with his fingers, his tongue sliding over her clit. She places her hands onto his head, pulling him harder into her. She grinds her pussy against his face, exploding into his mouth. Blake quickly drinks her juices. Standing up, Blake watches him explode into her mouth. She swallows everything he has. Pulling his cock out of her mouth, he leans over kissing her. 

They both lay on either side of her. There hands sliding over her body. Blake reaching for her, picking her up, placing her entrance over the head of his cock, slowly pushing into her. She looks down at his cock, realizing it is the biggest she has ever seen or had. He was at least 10 inches long and as big around as her wrist. Placing his hands on her hips, he drives himself into her. Screaming out as his cock enters her, leaning over kissing him hard on the lips, letting her adjust to the size of his cock. Blake starts to move inside her, holding her by her hips, fucking her hard.

He moves in behind her, smiling down at Blake. " Hey man slow it down for a sec, so I can sink my cock into her ass". Blake nods and stops pounding his cock into her body. He pushes her body forward. Taking his cock in his hand, sliding it deep into her ass. She turns her head smiling at him. Blake begins to move in her pussy again and he moves in her ass. She begins to moan, having both holes filled pushes her over the edge and she orgasms again, falling onto Blake's chest. They continue to fuck her from both ends. Blake stops, " Let me pull out of her, so I can shoot my load down her throat."

They stop Blake pulls out of her. He flips her onto her hands and knees and slips his cock back into her ass. Blake takes his cock and slides it into her mouth, shoving it down her throat. She milks the cock in her ass and the one in her throat, seeing who can hold out the longest. Blake moans, shooting his load down her throat. Leaving his cock in her mouth, watching him fuck her ass. He moans, grabbing her by the hair pulling her body up to his, kissing her hard on the mouth. Pumping into her ass one last time, he fills her with his seed, moaning as her ass tightens around his cock. She falls to the bed, pulling him down with her. He slides off her body, picking her up, taking her to the shower. Placing her in the shower, he walks away. She turns on the water and washes the sweat and cum off her body. She exits the shower, walking back through the house, looking around but hearing nothing. She walks to the bedroom only to find a note on the bed.

Darling 

Thank you for the wonderful weekend. Hope to do it again soon. 

Love Curtis

She took the note folded it up and slipped it into the pocket of her jeans. Waiting for the next time.