 I was running late for spinning class again, but with a week long hen-do in sunny Spain coming up there was no way I was going to miss the chance to work off another millimetre of tummy fat!

The same girls I'd seen for the past two months filed into the stuffy room stretching their figure hugging leggings as they mounted their bikes. The class was great for toning my legs and bum, but oh my god it was boring. Not one hot guy! 

As I pedalled away imagining the calories melting from my body my eyes wandered to the glass window to my right where I could see and hear the regular gym guys grunting and sweating away working their heavy weights. My gaze stopped on one I hadn't seen before. He was around six feet tall with soft, short brown hair, well built with a sexy mouth and nice teeth and not too muscly. Just my type! At that moment he looked up from his workout, his eyes meeting mine. My heart felt like it had jumped into my mouth! My feet slipped off the pedals and I quickly looked away knowing I'd turned a little red. Shit! Why did I still react like a ten year old whenever I saw a guy I fancied? I resumed my pedalling despite a few odd looks from my class-mates and after short while slyly glanced back up at hot gym guy. He'd moved onto the pull down bar thingy machine and was facing away from me. Each rep accentuated his sexy triceps and shoulder muscles that protruded from his vest. My eyes traced a line over his neck and upper arms as I imagined how it would feel running my fingers along his firm, warm muscles. He moved onto the sit up machine. It felt like my gaze was glued upon him as I focused on his firm abs and the generous bulge in his shorts watching him powerful pumped his torso up and down. He looked up again, this time I didn't look away, and when he flashed me a little smirk I could literally feel my stomach spin like a washing machine and the warm familiar rush of sexy juices building up in my pussy. As I cycled away still watching him the feel of my fanny lips rubbing against the saddle sent a warm, tingly feeling up into my pelvis.

Before I knew it the class was over, but I was still horny. I needed to chill out. I headed to the locker room and changed into my swimwear. A good steaming would get rid of a few more pounds of fat and make me too exhausted to think any more about hot gym guy and his sexy abs. I walked towards the steam room and opened the door. The wave of heat hit my skin reminding me of the feeling of walking out of your air conditioned room into the sizzling humidity of a boiling hot summer's day in Ibiza. Gorgeous! I had the small room to myself. I sat on the warm wooden bench in the corner, put my feet up and closed my eyes, slowly breathing in the moist, hot air. After a few minutes of dozing, thoughts of hot gym guy and what I'd like him to do to me were still running through my mind. Suddenly the door jolted open and as a cloud of steam escaped the room in walked my hot gym guy. We both did a double take as we clocked each other. 

"Hi" he said in a steady, smooth low voice.

"Oh hi" I said with a noticeable quiver.

"Mind if I join you?" 

"Errr no, not at all." 

He sat close to me. Closer than you normally would with someone you hadn't met before and were sharing a steam room with.

"I just have to say you have amazing legs" he said with a grin on his face.

Normally I'd find this a pervy thing for someone to say but I could literally feel the honesty and confidence dripping from this guy. He wasn't just dropping me a bullshit line. 

"Thanks" I chirped. "You're not so bad yourself!"

With that he just held my gaze, gave me a knowing smile with his eyes and moved up even closer alongside me. My heartbeat rocketed and I could feel it thumping hard against my chest, so much so I was actually afraid he'd be able to see it. He lifted his arm and ever so gently stroked the back of his hand across my cheek, sweeping aside a strand of hair from my face. 

"That's better. Now I can see properly how really beautiful you are".

I was speechless. Even if I knew what to say I couldn't have forced the words out of my mouth. Before I even had time to register what was happening he'd pressed his lips against mine and was ever so gently biting at my bottom lip while looking directly into my eyes. He ran his powerful hand over my toned flat belly stopping just above my hip to gently stroke my side and then softly traced a line with his finger up to just under the cup of my light blue bikini top. As his finger glided around the bottom contour of my right boob I quivered with excitement and could feel my nipples harden. Then he suddenly thrust his hands under my armpits and lifted me up like I weighed less than a feather and sat me on his lap facing him. I put my hands, which looked tiny in comparison to his, on his broad shoulders as if I was about to take a ride on the best roller coaster of my life. 

After a quick glance down at my cleavage his eyes rose to meet mine and when he reached around my back and started to untie my bikini I knew what he was thinking. Once untied, my top dropped onto his lap to reveal my fairly small but perky tits. Sitting there topless on this guy's lap knowing anyone could walk through the door any minute was stunningly arousing. He took my left nipple in his mouth, first sucking and then licking and flicking it with his tongue. I arched my head and shoulders backwards and closed my eyes urging him to play with it more. He swapped from nipple to nipple his tonguing and flicking growing in speed and intensity. I leaned forward and thrust my tits in his face while at the same time wrapping my arms around his muscular torso. Just when I thought I might experience my first orgasm through nipple play he grabbed me by my hips and lifted me onto my feet. After a couple of frantic kisses on the mouth he stepped back a little and hooked his thumbs into the sides of his shorts. 

He tugged them down a little but the huge bulge of his dick propped them up as he playfully smirked at me. I stood with my back against the hot wall of the steam room transfixed at hot gym guy's groin, silently urging, praying for him to pull down his shorts. I yearned for the feel of his hot, throbbing cock inside me. He slid his index finger under the material of my bikini bottoms just below my pussy. My wetness meant it slipped aside easily as he teasingly swept his finger over my fleshy lips. The anticipation was too much and I instinctively grabbed his firm bum cheeks and pulled him toward me. 

"I want you inside me now" I moaned.

He didn't need any encouragement and responded by slowly tugging down at his shorts until his big, stiff dick popped out above the elasticated waistband. He stepped in closer to me until his pre-cum covered shiny helmet was just touching my pussy lips. I could feel the heat emanating from his thick, engorged cock as he smoothly parted my labia and glided into me.

"Oooohhh" I whimpered as my legs buckled. I could feel every inch of him inside me. Every thrust rubbing against my sensitive clit and bringing waves of immense pleasure. I held him tight to me savouring the feel of his warm, firm body pressed against mine. He pumped me harder and faster and with each thrust I felt like I was climbing higher and higher to the top of the best funfair ride you could ever imagine just seconds away from the scary but oh so pleasurable big drop.

I felt his ball sack tighten and knew he was seconds from coming. I grabbed his bum cheeks hard, digging in my nails, and thrust him into me. 

"I want your cum in me!" I said more forcefully than I imagined through gritted teeth.

That was enough to push him over the edge as he let out what sounded like a war-cry and squirted his thick, hot, creamy spunk inside me. Simultaneously a rush of ecstasy exploded from my clit and throbbed through my body. I'd reached the top of my funfair ride and was breathlessly hurtling at 100mph through a haze of pleasure. 

It was a good 10 minutes before I recovered. As I lay exhausted on the wooden slatted bench cradled in his powerful arms I could still feel the gentle tingle of my fading orgasm. 

"We've really got to do this again sometime" he whispered in my ear.

I turned my head to face him. "I'm ready if you are...?"