 The night started out like many others. My wife was relaxing on the couch watching her favorite T.V. shows and I was lounging after a stressful days work flipping through the pages of one of the various outdoor magazines I receive. When one of those annoying singing competition shows came on, I couldn't take it anymore. I headed to the basement for a workout.

Twenty minutes into the workout, I heard some movement coming from upstairs. I could hear my wife walking from room to room and I could hear the dresser drawers opening and closing in the bedroom. I assumed she was getting ready for bed. I wasn't prepared for what was about to happen.

I heard the basement door open. "Are you ready for bed?" I asked. There was no response as I heard her start down the steps. I looked up from the weight bench to see my wife coming at me wearing nothing but a pair of black silky stockings and a pair of high heels. My cock immediately sprang to attention. "What are you doing?" I asked. Still, no response. She walked over to me and slowly pulled down my shorts releasing my hard cock. Without saying a word, she took my cock into her mouth and began sucking ever so gently. She loved to tease me. Every so gently, ever so slowly, she kissed and licked my entire length, pausing at the tip for a moment to swirl her tongue around it before taking the entire length in her mouth again. The teasing went on for only a short while before I couldn't take it anymore.

"Shit, I'm going to cum!" I warned her, as I knew she wasn't particularly fond of the taste of semen.

A hungry moan was her only response. It was enough to send me over the edge. I unleashed jet after jet of hot sticky cum directly into her mouth as she continued to suck it. She somehow managed to swallow the entire enormous load. As her mouth popped off my cock, one last tiny drop escaped the tip. She hungrily licked it off as my spent cock began to soften.

"Damn baby, that was fantastic! What got into you?"

She just smiled and made her way up to me on the bench. Staring into my eyes with a devilish grin, she grabbed me and thrust her tongue in my mouth kissing me more passionately than ever before. I could taste a salty bitterness like nothing I had ever tasted. As she continued to thrust her tongue in my mouth, I realized what she had done. She had swallowed that entire load...except for the last drop. The realization of what just happened had my cock hardening again.

"Baby, let me taste that sweet pussy." Again, without saying a word, she pushed me back on the bench and straddled over me in a 69 position. Her pussy was literally dripping with her juices. As hungrily as she had just devoured my cock, I devoured the sweetest pussy known to man. Within minutes she was cumming. More of that sweet nectar flowed from her pussy into my waiting mouth. I couldn't wait for more. I continued to lick and suck on her little clit. Again, within minutes, I got the reward I was looking for. Her body began to shake and she cried out as she started to cum. Another river of that sweet nectar flowed into my awaiting mouth. The second helping was getting me to the brink of another release. I could feel my balls begin to tighten. 

"Fuck! Baby, I'm going to..." Before I could even finish, she stopped what she was doing. My cock ached for another release, but she had other ideas. Sitting up straight, she started to grind her pussy on my mouth. I held my tongue flat, covering her pussy, as she moved back and forth bringing herself to another orgasm.

She rested on top of me for a few moments. As I continued to indulge in my treat, she lazily caressed my tightening balls. Sensing I was again close to cumming she stopped. She needed to be filled. She needed my cock in her tight pussy. She stood up, and again flashing me a devilish smile straddled my cock positioning it at the entrance of her tight hole. In one quick movement, she had me buried as deep as I could go. Her pussy squeezed my cock as a jet of cum escaped. Feeling it coat the inside of her pussy, she instinctively knew not to move. We stayed that way for what felt like an eternity. I was trying everything I could think of to not blow my load yet.

When the moment passed, I grabbed her hips. She took that as her queue to start slowly working her pussy up and down my cock. She worked into a slow, steady rhythm, stopping occasionally with my cock buried as deep as it could go to grind her clit against me. She seemed to know exactly when I was at the point of no return stopping just as a drop of cum would jet out. Finally, sensing I couldn't take any more, she picked up the pace, slamming her pussy down on my cock. I tried desperately to hold back, but the sights, the sounds, the sensations were just too much. Jet after jet after jet of cum shot from my cock and filled her waiting pussy. When it finally stopped, she reached back and caressed my balls coaxing one more jet out for her hungry pussy. As she slowly stood up releasing my semi-erect cock from her hold, I could feel my cum escaping her pussy and running down my cock. I lay there on the bench, entirely spent, thinking we were done. Much to my surprise, we weren't. She took my now soft cock in her hands and proceeded to lick it clean making sure not to miss one drop of cum. Then again, without warning, she kissed me, thrusting her tongue in my mouth. I could taste the salty sweetness of our cum mixed together.

"Damn, we taste good," I said with a chuckle. She smiled, kissed me again and whispered in my ear, "Here, have some more." And with that, she was again straddled over me, her well fucked pussy hovering over my mouth. She reached down and spread her pussy lips apart. As she did, a river of cum poured out of her pussy into my waiting mouth. I continued to clean her pussy as she went back to teasing my now overly sensitive cock. I brought her to two more orgasms; each time getting a little more of our mixed treat.

With her pussy finally cleaned, she stood up and grabbed me by the hand. She led me back upstairs to the bedroom. She pushed me back on the bed and again straddled over my semi-hard cock. 

"I don't think I have another round left in me," I said. 

"One more," she replied. "Suck on my titties first."

She leaned forward and I took a hardening nipple in my mouth, gently licking and sucking it. "Mmmm," she moaned as I alternated between breasts. "That feels good."

As I worked on her titties, she caressed my cock back into a fuckable state. Knowing that it wouldn't last long, she quickly pulled herself away and got on all fours. "Fuck me from behind."

I got behind her and positioned the head of my cock at the entrance of her pussy. As soon as the tip hit, she thrust back.

"Fuck it hard and fast," she said as she looked over her shoulder. "Fill me up again."

I started out slow, but she wanted none of it. She took over and began slamming her pussy against me as hard and fast as she could. Knowing it could take a while having just cum twice and knowing exactly how to send me over the edge quickly, she worked her magic for that third load of the night. She sat back forcing me to sit back as well. Her silky, stocking covered feet made contact with my balls. They immediately tightened. She knew I was getting close. She continued to fuck me that way, each thrust causing her stocking covered feet to caress my balls. Within seconds, I was cumming.

When the spams subsided, we both collapsed on the bed. As we lay there, both totally drained, I couldn't help but as again, "What got in to you?"

"I needed a workout too!"