 He couldn't wait to get his hands on her. 

It had been a week since he had talked to her, smelled her, tasted her, and the thought of seeing her was driving him crazy. He didn't know if he would be able to act normal in front of his team, when all he wanted to do was grab her, kiss her, push her up against a wall and make her moan. 

But when he saw her, there were other people around. And she breezily sailed by, blowing him a kiss as she passed. His team laughed. He laughed too, but inwardly he was thinking about where they could go to be alone. 

It seemed as though she was thinking the same thing, because a minute later, his phone pinged. "Back hall in 5?" He tried to think of something witty, or funny, or suggestive to respond, but he was having a hard time thinking straight. He sent back "Yes" and started counting down the seconds. 

She was standing with her back towards him when he found her in the hall. He walked up behind her, wrapped his arms around her, and began kissing the back of her neck. 

"Mmmm..." she sighed, "you feel so good, baby." 

"Love, this is nothing" he replied. "You're gonna feel all of me in a minute." 

She turned around so she could face him. "Baby, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. I don't think we should be physical here - I can't run the risk of having anyone find out." 

No no no no, she was not saying this... 

"I'm not saying last week was a mistake. I mean, I guess I am. But it was amazing. And I keep thinking about how incredible it felt to have you inside me." 

He was thinking about it, too. It's all he could think about, especially with her standing there, in his arms, her breasts pressed into his chest. 

"But I can't run the risk of getting caught. You haven't told anyone, have you?" 

He shook his head, saying "No I haven't. Listen, love, I know. I can't have anyone find out, either." 

She snorted. "Yeah, because what exactly would happen to you?" 

He thought about it for a second and admitted, "Okay, you're right, I would probably just get a bunch of high-fives" he said laughing. 

She slapped his arm lightly. "I'm serious. This is serious. No one can know." 

He pulled her back into his chest and kissed her lightly. 

Then he stepped back, so they were a respectable distance apart. 

"I know, love. I understand. I haven't told anyone. I won't tell anyone. But please don't tell me it was one-time-only." Please, please, he thought, don't let last week have been the only time he would kiss her, touch her, be inside her. 

"Baby, I want you just as much as you want me. Trust me, I've been trying to think of how we can be together again. Last week was impulsive and we got really lucky by not getting caught - it would be crazy to try again here at work. But, you know we have the shareholders' dinner in two weeks. I always get a room at the hotel, because the dinner goes so late into the night... we would have total privacy, behind locked doors, for hours and hours..." 

It did sound promising - more so than the seven minutes they had shared last week... 

They walked together toward the front, passing team members on their way. 

"If you think you can confirm the details, then I think it will take care of the issue," he said. It seemed like a regular work conversation to anyone who heard them. "I don't see a reason why this can't be seen as a win-win for both parties," she agreed. "Well, dear... let's just make sure this has a positive outcome, okay? Hey, John, wait up - I need your advice on our new set-up." With that, he jogged over the team members who were waiting nearby, and away from her. 

Two weeks was admittedly longer than he had hoped for, but it would be fan-fucking-tastic to have her all to himself, for an entire night with no interruptions, and a king-sized bed. Yeah, he could wait, with that bait on the end of the line. It had been months of flirting, teasing, and foreplay leading up to their first coupling. Two weeks until the next time was something he could handle. 

The following week, he was busy in the back office when she appeared in the doorway. 

"Did you get everything lined up for next week?" he asked, trying to not sound as anxious as he felt. 

"I can take care of my end of any deal..." she said, drawing out her words and smiling, much to the delight of his team. "You just make sure to take care of your end of things, honey..." And she winked. His team laughed. He thought, My "end of things" is going to involve you naked, laying under me, screaming my name... 

She started to walk away, when he caught up to her. He didn't care that his team was standing just a few feet away. He whispered in her ear, "I can't wait to taste you." 

She laughed. "Oh, I think you already have" she said, raising her eyebrows a couple of times. She linked arms with him and walked down the hall, still within sight of their team but out of earshot. 

"Um, I'm pretty sure I would have remembered that" he said back. 

"How much scotch do you usually drink, when you go home?" she said, laughing. 

He was taken aback - this was a total non-sequitur. "What's that phrase, two fingers?" she asked, still laughing. 

"Yeah" he said "that sounds about right..." 

"Baby," she said, "do you remember our bet?" 

He thought back... last month she had bet him something trivial, and lost, and had to pay up with a bottle of his favorite scotch. When she gave it to him, the seal had been broken. "I just wanted a little taste" she'd said. "I didn't believe you, that it would actually taste like smoke. And I didn't think you would mind." 

"Did you like it? Isn't is great?" he had asked. 

"Uh, yeah... if like the taste of burnt rubber" she'd said, grimacing. 

"Come on... it's like, The Best!" 

"Whoever is in charge of that scaling should be shot." She said, laughing. "And I don't agree with their slogan - that it tastes like kissing a mermaid who ate barbeque." 

"Really?" he asked. "And you've kissed a mermaid?" 

"Yes" she'd said with a wink. "Baby, the list of things I've done is a hundred times longer than the list of things I haven't done." 

He had laughed. "I don't doubt it." 

She continued. "Well, I had a little taste, and then I thought about you, and how it would be if I licked it straight off your tongue... and I got a little carried away thinking about it. And you. So, I started playing with myself a little bit... and then I thought, well, maybe you would want to taste me. So, I took my fingers and dipped them in the bottle, after they had been inside me." His mouth dropped open a little. He could not believe what he was hearing. "What I'm saying is, every time you pour 'two fingers' worth, you're getting about 'two fingers' worth of me." And she started to laugh. And laugh. He shook his head - for fuck's sake, he had served his brother some of that scotch! 

"Love," he said, finally laughing himself, "you are so dirty!" 

"I know baby, but that's why you love me, isn't it?" 

"Hey you two" their colleague said as they approached "Break it up. Go to therapy later or something, but we've got work to do now." 

A few minutes later, her phone pinged. 

When can I see you? This is driving me crazy. 

I thought I was clear. I only have time when I'm at work. And I'm here five to six days a week. We could see each other all the time on my schedule. It's you that's here only one day a week. 

Not fair - that's all I can schedule because of my other commitments. 

Not my fault you work other jobs all the time. 

Not my fault to go home to your husband. 

Touché, baby. You know we only have one more week before the event. As soon as it's over, the bosses will let us all "go home." I'll go up to my room, and then the rest is up to you. 

If the rest was up to me, we'd be together and naked 2.7 seconds from now. But, as it stands, I'll be five minutes behind you next week, after the dinner. 

Hmmm, really..? Behind me? I would have thought you'd rather be on top of me. 

Love, I'll take you anyway I can get you - front ways, sideways, upside down. But if we're being completely honest, I rather have you on all fours. 

Oh, now - that makes me feel like being naughty. Stop it. I have to get back to work. One more week and you can have me however you want me... 

He shook his head. He hoped she meant "all night" because it was going to take that long for him to be satisfied and have her all the ways he wanted. 

It was the end of the night. Most of the shareholders had left, and the higher-ups had begun to disperse the staff. A few of the support team was going for drinks, but she begged them off, saying she was tired. "Goodnight, honey. Drive safe." she said, giving him a light hug. He walked passed his team towards the parking lot. She went to her room. 

Two minutes later, her phone pinged. 

I'm just coming up in the elevator. I can't wait to see you. 

Silly, you've seen me all day. And all through the dinner. It's not like I was hiding. 

True, but you had clothes on. 

Well, yes. It would have seemed slightly inappropriate for me to run around naked all day. 

I wouldn't mind. 

Really? If everyone was watching me, naked, all day? 

Good point. 

You're still going to have to wait - I'm wearing clothes now. 

Not for long. 

Says you. 

Says me. 

Baby, you're such a beast. 

There was a knock at the door. 

Oh shit, someone's here. 

That's me, love. 

No one followed you? 

No. 

You haven't told anyone? 

No. 

You won't tell anyone? 

No. 

She opened the door and said "Good. Now get in here and fuck me." She stepped back so he could enter the room. He loved these high-end hotel rooms - entryway, a sitting area, a couch and a desk and huge bed to one side... he stepped in and closed the door behind him. She was wearing a short satin chemise and a long satin robe. He could see her nipples right through the silky fabric. He reached out for her, wrapped his arms around her, and drew her into him. She kissed him hungrily. He peeled off her robe. She undid his belt. He groaned as she freed him from his briefs. She began stroking his shaft - his pulse was racing, his breath quickening, and he said "Love, not so fast." 

"Baby, I've been watching you all day, thinking about this moment. I'm ready. Now" she purred. 

He kissed her down the side of her neck, and as she sighed, he turned her by her shoulders until she faced away from him. He continued kissing the back of her neck, while he pushed her up against the desk. His left thumb and forefinger pinched her nipples while his right hand went straight between her legs. No panties - fantastic! He slipped two fingers inside her - she hadn't been exaggerating - she was ready for him, and as soon as his fingers touched her, she began to quiver. 

He pushed her down slightly, his hand against her back, until her elbows rested on the desk. As he did, her chemise rode up, exposing her beautiful ass. He smacked her right across the back of her cheeks. "Oooh" she moaned. He did it again. "Yeeesss" she hissed, and he watched her back arch as she spread her legs just a little farther apart. He did it one more time, and then he couldn't wait any longer. He grabbed her hips and pushed against her for just a second before he glided right inside her, driving his full length into her. "Ooohh god!" she moaned. He reached his right hand around front and pushed his fingertips down on her clit, as he thrust into her. Every time he pushed into her from behind, he pushed his fingers against her in the front.  

"Oooohhh. Myyyyy. God!" she cried, as the sound of their bodies slapping together got louder and louder. The harder he thrust into her, the more she moaned. Again and again he slammed into her, his left hand grabbing her hip while his right fingers were deftly rubbing against her. "Yes. Oh. Yeesss. Oohh. Yeeessss!" she moaned, and then she shook and clenched against him, falling onto the desk. And with one final thrust he climaxed inside her. 

They collapsed on the floor in a heap of panting limbs. 

"Oh my god" she said, panting. 

"You're welcome" he said, laughing. 

"Maybe one of these days I'll get you to take your pants off" she mused. 

"Baby, I'll do anything you want" he said, slipping his slacks off. 

"In that case, " she said, kissing him, " why don't you pour us a drink and go turn on the shower. I'm kind of sticky..." 

He got up and crossed the room to the small refrigerator by the desk. 

"What's your pleasure, love? Looks like you've got champagne, scotch, and water?" 

"Champagne's for me, scotch is for you, water's for later." 

He returned with a glass of champagne for her, only to find her still in a crumpled heap. 

"Have you moved?" 

She slowly slid herself into a sitting position. 

"Only just now... you kinda killed me." She said smiling. 

He kneeled down, handed her the glass, and gave her a slow kiss. She giggled. "I really like your outfit..." she said. He stood up, wearing just his socks and dress shirt. "I hate to see you leave, but I looove to watch you go." She called as he sauntered, bare-assed, into the bathroom. 

The shower was amazing - it was bigger than his entire bathroom at home. It had an enormous glass door, and two rain-heads eight feet up that gently showered down, pretty much covering the entire area with a light drizzle. A couple of steam heads at the foot level kept the entire enclosure hot, and a long tiled bench that ran the length of the wall inside the door. Almost as if it been designed for play... he cranked on the hot water and let the room steam up. 

"Did you pour yourself a drink?" she asked, still on the floor. 

"Just getting there, love. I wanted to take care of your needs, first." 

"Ahhh, you are such a smart man." She said smiling up at him. "Come here" she said, tugging his hand. She tried to pull him down, but he pulled her up instead. "Hey! What gives?" she said. 

He kissed her slowly. "You taste like sweetness and bubbles" he said. 

She kissed him back, taking her time to explore his mouth, tugging on his lower lip with her teeth. 

"You taste like... smoke. And peat moss. And slutty mermaids." 

He laughed. "And you would know that? When's the last time you tasted... peat moss?" 

She giggled. 

He swatted her ass playfully. "Go get your gorgeous self in the shower. I want you to go get clean, so then I can get you dirty." 

He heard her humming over the sound of the water, some corny country song he recognized but couldn't name, because it was the worst genre of music and he refused to commit any of it to memory. 

He poked his head into the bathroom to make fun of her, but the words stopped in his throat. She was beautiful. The water was dripping down her body in slow rivulets, and her face was upturned into the water as she rolled her head under the heat. The water ran down her back, over her beautiful ass, down her shapely legs... 

"Are you going to just stand there and stare at me, or are you gonna get in here and wash my back?" she said, over her shoulder. 

He kicked his socks off, and dropped his shirt. He grabbed one of those ridiculously plush washcloths by the sink and stepped in behind her. 

He began washing her back in slow circles, as she rolled her head from side to side. 

"Aaaahhh... This feels really nice," she sighed. 

"Yeah, it does" he said, reaching one hand around and slowly running a hand over her wet and slippery breasts. 

"Mmmm..." she moaned, reaching back, grabbing his ass and pulling him closer. She was so wet and smooth, his hands were gliding all over her with no resistance, his cock slipping all over her ass. 

"Hey" she laughed "stop poking me." 

He pulled on her earlobe with her teeth, his hands cupping her breasts. The warm water continued to rain down on them. She turned around and started kissing him, stroking him, pinching his nipples. "Come over here" she said, pulling him by his shaft. He chuckled. She put one of her legs up on the tiled bench, and then she guided him right into her. Their bodies slid easily against each other, as he held her around the waist and pumped into her. She put one hand on his shoulder and used the other one to brace herself against the wall. With the warm water gently raining down on them, and their wet bodies sliding easily against one another, it was like nothing he had ever felt before. He thrust into her over and over, grabbing her ass, biting her shoulder. "Ooohh, ooohhh" she was moaning, undulating with their rhythm. "You feel so fucking good" she said in his ear. 

"Fucking you feels good" he growled as their bodies slapped against each other. 

"Do it harder" she said, smiling. She didn't have to ask him twice. He pumped into her with everything he had, slamming her back against the wall. She dug her nails into his back and moaned "Oooh. God. Yesssss!" Her hips matched his increasing rhythm until she climaxed, shaking against him, and he unloaded into her. They slid down the wall and collapsed on the bench. She was panting, her eyes closed, her head to one side. He wanted to do the same, but he watched her. He had promised himself that if he had the good fortune to be with her again, he would savor every minute, and he was going to do just that. 

The water dripped down her face, and a slow smile spread across her face. "Oh baby, that was..." 

"Hot" he finished for her. 

"Yeah..." she said slowly. "Hot." 

"Well," he said, "I'm actually hot... like, physically hot." He stood up, rising himself off. "I'm going to grab us some water. And towels." 

She smiled slowly. "Baby, if you weren't so hot, I wouldn't be here." 

He returned with a bottle of water for her and a couple of towels. She stepped out of the steamy room and wrapped her head with one towel, and the other around her body. She sighed. "Wow. I'm sooo relaxed. I feel... boneless." 

"Well, that makes one of us" he replied, flashing her his stiff cock from under his towel. 

"What? How? Didn't you cum?... I mean, I know you have...?" 

He laughed and stoked her cheek. "Yeah, I have. A couple of times." He kissed her slowly." "I don't know why - I know it's not typical, but I can go about three rounds before total physical relaxation." 

She laughed. "Well, I was going to suggest a quick nap, but in that case..." 

"Oh no no no, love. You told me we would have "all night." I am going to enjoy you every minute until the sun comes up." 

She walked back towards the bed, and fell backwards on it, laughing. 

"Well, then, get over here and enjoy me." 

He grabbed the bottle of scotch and walked towards her. 

"Don't you want a glass? It's not exactly the type of drink you do shots of, right?" 

"I don't need a glass, and I'm not going to do shots. I'm going to lick this slowly from your bellybutton." 

She was smiling as she laid back and said "Have at it, baby." 

He ran his hand down the length of her body - from the base of her throat, down between her breasts, across her abdomen, following the line of her inner thigh, past her knees, all the way to her feet. He grabbed the tiny bottle of hotel body lotion from the bedside table, rubbed a small amount on her feet, and began to rub them. 

"Oohhhh, that's so nice" she said as her back arched. He smiled as he rubbed from her heels up the back of her ankles. She smiled and sighed. 

"Baby, that feels amazing... but I thought you were headed for my navel with the scotch?" 

"All in good time, love. I'll get there." With that he worked his way up her legs, massaging her calves, and her thighs, and her hips. She laughed as he lightly tickled her waist. 
