 It doesn't seem to matter when or where or how we talk, I always want the same thing. I close the instant message window, your "Talk to you later" sign off ghosting in my head. My hands return to the keyboard. 

Sitting here now at my desk, I imagine your hand trailing down my leg, following the seam in my black silk skirt until you reach the hem at my knee. Then your fingers slip beneath, caressing my thigh, gently pushing the hem upwards. You swivel my chair to face you, both hands firm on my thighs now, pushing the smooth fabric higher and higher. "Lift…" you say quietly, looking down at my tanned, muscular legs. I obey, rising up off the leather seat. You push the skirt up over my hips then, your hands sliding behind to caress my ass. I feel your fingers slip into my crack, the tips grazing my shaved lips through the satin panties. 

Your hands travel up and outward over my thighs and then around and down the back of my legs. When you reach the back of my knees, you pull them apart roughly. I breathe out slowly, beginning to feel vulnerably exposed. Your hands slide around to my kneecaps and you press me even wider open. I suck my breath in as you lean into it, your hands pushing me, making my legs spread to their limit. 

Looking up at me, you lean forward, so close to my panties that I feel your breath on me, warming the satin. Wetness floods me as you press your lips against the fabric. I moan softly and close my eyes, tilting my head back. 

"Come forward," you command softly. I open my eyes and look down at you. Your eyes are dark and glittering. I know you mean business, so I slide forward, slouching into the chair. Your fingers slip past the narrow elastic leg band and push inside the panty. Your fingertips slide over my swollen lips. You smile at their fresh shaven smoothness. Your smile widens as you push your hand up on my mound, feeling the familiar soft, neatly trimmed pubic hair that covers me modestly with a natural sweetheart shape. You are always so damned worried I'll shave it all off without warning. You pull the panties off me and drop them on the floor. 

Pressing your palm hard against me, you grind on my clit briefly as you rotate your hand. I feel your fingertips brush my lips once again. A rush of blood further engorges them. Then, I feel the tip of your index finger push inside the lips, inside my crease. You fingertip wiggles its way inside, causing me to lift my bottom even higher off the leather seat, to tilt my hips toward you. "O god..." I whisper. I feel your finger slowly entering me, stroking the sides of my vagina in a circular motion. I lift myself completely off the seat. I want to feel more. I want to feel more…

Your finger is now fully inserted. The tip wiggling against that wrinkled skin deep inside me. As you stroke that spot, juice begins to flow. A low groan escapes my parted lips. My eyes, half closed, see you watching me. I close them completely and whisper, "Please, baby…" And you freeze. Both of us perfectly still, I am waiting. 

I wait for five, ten seconds. Fifteen seconds. I whimper once, quietly, and I'm about to open my eyes when suddenly your fingers begin to thrust in and out of me. My pussy floods with my excitement and I can hear the wetness as you pump me. My limbs begin to feel weak from the repeated strokes on my g-spot. I feel a climax building and I rock my hips in time with the stroking of your hand. I am pushing myself, you are pushing me, to the brink of cumming. 

"Cum, baby," I hear you whisper softly. "Come on…" There is more urgency in your voice. "Let go," you demand. "Let go and cum!" With that order, I let go, the orgasm racking my body, my core melting with pleasure. A warmth spreads from my center, tingling sensations fly though my limbs to my toes, to my finger tips. 

I am still dizzy and weak when I feel you lifting me. Suddenly your cock is pushing inside my cunt, and your fingers, still creamy with my cum, are pushing past my lips. I eagerly suck them into my mouth, my tongue rolling over them, tasting the tart fresh flavor of my own sex. As I continue to lick them clean, feeling the pressure of your palm on my jaw line and your penis inside me, you lower me onto the floor. My legs lift in conjunction with the placement, my knees bending and finding their place beside your chest, up under your armpits. 

Your fingers slip from my mouth as we begin pumping together. I can feel your cock swelling even more inside me. Your eyes are closed and you groan softly, so softly I can barely hear it over my own labored breathing. It excites me even more. I want to make you cum now. I lift myself higher, rock my hips even more. 

Suddenly I am aware of my black skirt, pushed up around my waist, my silk floral blouse and my black lacy bra covering my chest and stomach. "O god," I say, "You can't even undress me for sex, baby. You fuck me with my clothes on." 

Your eyes fly open and you look down at me, startled. I smile and pull away, leaving you kneeling on the floor, your hard-on straight and stiff between your legs. As I stand, my skirt falls back into place, a little twist keeping it from looking perfectly neat. I turn around and stand, my ass inches from your face. 

"Push my skirt up, baby. Push it up and grab my ass. Let me know how much you want me." I feel your hands begin pushing and grabbing. I bend my knees, helping you lift the fabric up past my hips again as I sink down onto your lap. I lean forward on my hands and knees, spreading my knees apart and opening myself up to you completely.

"Fuck me now. Fuck me from behind. Bury your cock in my pussy," I quietly demand. I look back over my shoulder to see you lean into me. I feel your cock slide deep inside. Deeper than before. I tilt my body, my head near the floor, and start slamming back against you. I can feel your balls hitting my clit rhythmically. I reach back between my legs and let my fingertips graze over them as they swing close. 

I know if I talk to you, you'll like it. So I tell you how good your beautiful, hard cock feels inside me. This makes you pump even harder. Your hands reach around me to squeeze my tits through my clothing as you curve against me. This is my cue. I lift one knee and pull it in between your legs. Then I bring in the other knee, and I lower myself until I'm nearly flat on the floor. I press my thighs together tightly and begin rocking. 

"Push in deep, baby," I urge. "Let me fuck you and make you cum." You thrust in as deep as you can, and I begin rocking quickly, my ass rubbing against your groin with each stroke. Your cock is enveloped by my pussy, my thighs are pressed tightly, and my urgent movements creates friction on the most sensitive parts of your penis. I hear a sharp intake of breath, a low moan, and I know I've got you. I move even quicker now as you start to lose control; your leg muscles weaken and you lean over me, lowering yourself onto my back. My ass rocks at a frantic pace, tightening on your cock with each stroke. 

"Cum in me now, baby! Cum deep inside me. I want to feel your hot cum in my pussy. Please, baby," I beg. Your cock swells impossibly larger as my pussy contracts around you. I feel the pulse of your ejaculation and my vagina floods, our juices mingling together. I keep rocking, rubbing your sensitive cock with my throbbing walls. You lean against me, each motion making you shudder involuntarily. I ride out my climax, slowing with each stroke until I eventually stop. 

I lean over gently, and you hold onto me, rolling with me to lie on our sides, spooning together so tightly. Your hand roams aimlessly over my blouse, caressing my arms, my chest, my collarbone. I grab your hand and entwine my fingers with yours, pulling them to my lips and kissing each one. I feel your breath hot and moist on my neck as you nuzzle me, pushing my hair out of the way. 

We rest easily, catching our breath and relaxing a bit. Until I begin to feel you stirring inside me. You are playing with me, making your cock dance. I hear a low laugh near my ear. You kiss my neck, gently bite my ear. 

As I slouch down in my leather chair finishing this story, I begin thinking of round two…