 By the time I made it back up to the room with some nice wine, I could hear that you were already in the shower. The bathroom was well steamed when I opened the door. Moving toward the shower and easing open the curtain, I watched as the warm water was coursed over your curves. You let the water splash over your head and down over your shoulders as you let your fingers run through your wet hair. With your hands above your head, I could only stand there and admire you for a while.

I could only admire how you have kept yourself so lithe and alluring over the years. I just stood anchored and stared at your lovely breasts, your flat tummy, your trimmed pubic area, and your shapely legs. I was becoming very aroused, and when you opened your eyes, you could see that I had begun to gently stroke my cock into a full erection. 

You smiled and let one hand drop to a breast where you massaged the nipple. Your other hand moved down to your sex. You too were becoming very aroused and getting wet with excitement. 

I couldn't take my eyes off you. You pivoted and turned your back to me, and bending at the waist, you let me see your fingers stroking your sex from behind. I couldn't believe I was seeing this. Then you looked back and removed your hand from your breast. You motioned with your finger for me to join you. I couldn't remove his clothing quickly enough.

The water was perfect. I came up behind you and let the length of my erection spoon against the crack of your butt and reached around to cup your breasts. I pulled you tightly against me, and you responded by pushing your crack tightly against his shaft. God that felt nice. 

I just wanted to slip my cock inside you right then as the water continued to crash over us when you turned back from my kiss. You turned so effortlessly in my arms. You let the kiss linger, and wrapped your arms around me. We enjoyed the feeling of our wet bodies locked together, slipping and sliding with a wet erotic friction. Then suddenly, you pulled back and exited the shower, toweling quickly and darting for the other room. I was stunned. Turning off the water, I quickly toweled off and headed to the other room somewhat confused.

I remember finding you sitting on the bed completely naked with your back to the headboard and a glass of wine in your hand. Your knees were spread wide exposing your perfect sex. You were spread so wide so that I could see your excitement. You were touching yourself there very sensuously, showing me how ready you were -- showing me how wet and pink with arousal you were.

You had poured a second glass of wine and placed it next to the bed for me. Taking a long sip, I put two fingers into the wine and brought them to your lips. You sucked hungrily at them and let your tongue swirl about each digit. It was your way of telling me what you would do to my cock later. Then I removed his fingers from your mouth and put them back in the wine. I let my wine on my wet fingers just drip onto his tongue. Before the last drop fell on my tongue, you began licking and sucking at it, until we were both locked in a deep romantic kiss. Then reluctantly I pulled back from our kiss to continue my wine journey.

Next I put a few drops on each breast and began to spread the wine around each nipple. You just lunged at me and licked, nibbled, and gently bit at each nipple. I didn't want you to ever stop, and while you nibbled away, I inserted my wine drenched fingers inside your pussy. I let your slick wetness flood over each digit.

The feeling of my fingers penetrating you caused you to gasp and rock your hips on my hand. When I slipped them from you, I brought them up to my lips to taste the wine mingled with your sex. I met your mouth with mine as you joined me. We lapped at my pussy soaked fingers and each other's tongues before I placed my fingers in the wine one final time.

You licked your lips as you watched me drip several drops to the head of my throbbing cock. Then after taking a sip from your own wine, I remember how you slid down my torso and took me fully into your mouth and sucked the wine from my cock. The feeling was so incredible. I couldn't take it any longer. I had to have to have you now!

Lying back, you spread your legs so wide apart for me. I just was amazed with how pink and wet you were. I took my cock in a hand and rubbed the swollen head against your entrance. The feeling drove you crazy, and you tried desperately to pull me in. Yes I was ready, but it wasn't time to enter you yet. I just kept rubbing the head of my cock against your slit and watched the beads of slick excitement run down your crack. You squirmed and purred and then shuddered with excitement. God, I wanted to enter you now, but I knew that I still to taste you.

I slid down to your wet pussy and gave you little kisses around the entrance. You moaned with pleasure. Do you remember how I let my tongue begin to let my tongue work its magic on you? I know you remember when I stuck a wine drenched finger in your puckered little butt. It was like an electric wire touching you, and you were right on the verge of cumming. I can still hear you calling out for me to fuck you now!

I got back on my knees and knelt between your thighs. Just like before, I took my cock in my hand and started to arouse you. I started rubbing the swollen head along your slick entrance again. This time, you would not be denied. You had to have this cock inside you. You wanted it more than ever before and spread yourself even wider as I pushed the swollen head inside you.

I held back and went slow in order to experience every inch of your wet pussy. I felt so big that day, and when I was fully inside, we began to rock into a rhythm together. You wrapped yourself tightly around me with your arms and legs. You pulled my mouth to yours in the fever of a deep kiss, our tongues flailing at each other. This was so hot; this feeling of being inside you. I knew I couldn't last much longer. Your grip was so tight, and I could feel every contraction of your vagina.

Then as we neared our orgasms, you broke off your kiss and began panting harder. You could feel yourself mounting to a peak. You could feel my cock begin to swell as we both were ready to cum. Our backs seemed to arch simultaneously. You shook uncontrollably and yelled out with your pleasure. I could feel my cum spurt wave after wave inside you. And at our peak, we locked into another kiss. Our tongues mating like our physical act of fucking together.

It was only then that we could feel the breeze coming through the window. We took that moment to look into each other's eyes and giggled. Then you wrapped yourself tightly around me again and gave me one last tight squeeze with your vagina. It caused my cock to twitch inside you one more time. I hadn't gotten soft yet, and the feeling of my cock twitching inside you caused you to cum one more time. Then you giggled and whispered that you thought we needed to rinse off one more time. I hoped it would be another short shower and that we could enjoy some more wine.