 Ronda and the Twins, Part One

“Come here baby,” Mark said, grabbing Ronda’s waist and pulling her in close to him. “Give me another kiss.”

Ronda giggled and stood on one foot to lean up and kiss her boyfriend, then rubbed her hand over his chest as she smiled at him, batting her eyelashes flirtatiously. “I’m going to miss you, baby,” she said.

“I’ll miss you, too,” Mark replied, kissing her again, cupping her ass in his free hand as his other hand held her close.

A white pick-up pulled up to the curb and the driver honked the horn.

“I gotta go,” Mark said, tossing his backpack over his shoulder, picking up his suitcase, and leaning down for another kiss. “I’ll see you in two weeks.”

Mark went down the stairs two at a time and got in the pick-up. As the engine roared to life and they pulled away from the curb, he waved out the window.

Ronda waved and then watched until the pick-up was out of sight. Once they had rounded the corner she went back into the house, shutting the door behind her. She walked into the living room where three of their friends were sitting around watching t.v.

“They took off?” Matthew asked as she walked into the room. Matthew was Mark’s identical twin brother. Both were just over six foot tall, athletic and trim, with light blue eyes and broad smiles. The only real difference was their hair. Matthew’s was light brown and cut very short, while Mark’s was dyed blonde. He wore his a little longer, and it spiked out from his head in all directions.

“Yeah,” Ronda said, throwing herself into a chair across the room from him. On the couch, Ronda’s best friend Charlotte sat curled up next to her boyfriend, Dan.

“What do you guys want to do tonight?” Charlotte asked, putting her hand over her mouth to stifle a yawn.

Ronda shrugged and looked at Matthew. “Ideas?”

Matthew winked at her. “Well, I should probably keep an eye on you for my brother,” he said.

Ronda rolled her eyes. “That’s not an answer,” she said.

“Let’s go for a cruise and see what’s going on,” Dan said. This was their nightly ritual. Someone would ask what they should do, Dan would suggest a cruise, and they would go drive around for hours until they found something to do. It was almost set in stone. As they headed out the door, Ronda smiled at the comfort she found in the ritual. At least she wasn’t going to sit around at home and feel bad because Mark was out of town for two whole weeks.

Six days later Ronda knocked on the front door and Matthew let her in the house that Mark and Matthew had shared since high school.

“How’s it going?” he asked.

Ronda sighed deeply and plopped herself on the couch. “I’m so bored without Mark,” she said. “I miss him.”

“Yeah, I’m sure he misses you, too,” he agreed.

The phone rang, and Matthew picked up the cordless that sat on the coffee table. At first a smile enveloped his face as he laughed and chatted, but it didn’t take long for his face to fall. His eyes held Ronda’s as he spoke quietly.

She started to ask what was wrong, but he waved his hand to quiet her. Instead he walked over to the end table and very slowly picked up the extension. He handed the phone to her, motioning for her to listen quietly. When she held the phone to her ear, she couldn’t believe what she was hearing.

Ronda listened in as Mark bragged to his brother of a conquest the night before. He had met what he described as a “slamming red-head” at a party, and he proceeded to unravel a lengthy thread of sexually explicit details as his brother listened. Anger rose to Ronda’s cheeks as he described a list of sex acts he and the girl had performed – it was far more than she cared to hear, but she couldn’t make herself put the phone down.

Matthew watched Ronda almost silently as his brother rattled on. He looked increasingly ill as his brother spoke, and after a few minutes he had clearly heard enough. “Hey, I gotta go,” he interrupted. “Ronda just walked in the door.”

“Don’t tell her it’s me,” Mark replied. “I’ll call her later or something.”

“Yeah, bye,” Matthew said.

“Talk to ya later, bro,” Mark said, and the line went dead.

Matthew put the phone down and then crossed the room to take the other phone out of Ronda’s limp hand. Tears welled up in her eyes as she looked up at him.

“I’m sorry,” he said, sitting next to her on the couch. “I thought you should hear that.”

Ronda nodded, choking as she tried to speak. “It’s not your fault,” she whispered. She burst into tears and Matthew pulled her in close to his chest, wrapping his arms around her and rocking back and forth.

“It’s alright,” he whispered into her hair.

The two of them sat there, him holding her in his arms, until she couldn’t cry anymore. Curled against his chest she struggled to regain her breath and then her composure as he smoothed her hair.

“You deserve so much more than that,” Matthew said.

Weak with tears she hugged him. “Thank you, Matthew. I know.”

He pulled her back so that he could look her in the eye. “I’m serious, Ronda. I’ve always thought so.”

Ronda smiled. “You’re so sweet,” she said, and leaned forward to give him a peck on the lips. With his hand on the small of her back he pressed her toward him, extending the kiss into a longer, deeper one, his tongue pressing into her mouth. Her body melted into his for a moment. Then all at once realization hit her and she pulled away, wiggling out of his grasp.

“Sorry,” she mumbled, blushing. “I don’t know what I was thinking!”

Matthew reached across the space she had put between them on the couch and brushed her hair behind her ear with his hand. “Don’t be sorry,” he said.

Ronda leaned over and put her head in Matthew’s lap, curling up with her feet on the couch. “I don’t want to drag you into the middle of anything,” she said as he continued to smooth her hair.

“You don’t have to drag me,” he said. “I’ll come willingly.”

Ronda giggled and smiled up at him. “You’re such a sweetheart,” she said.

Matthew leaned down and kissed her forehead gently. “You deserve so much better than what he gives you.”

Ronda sat up and turned to look at him. “How is it that I ended up with the wrong brother?”

Matthew hooked his arm around her and pulled her down onto the couch so that she was lying on her back and he was on top of her. Ticking her until the frown on her face melted into laughter he said, “I’ve been wondering the same thing.”

He kissed her neck and Ronda melted into him appreciatively. “Mmmmm…” Ronda moaned, leaning back and wrapping her arms around his neck. “This is going to get us in soooo much trouble.”

Their mouths found each other as he reached his hand down to unbutton her blouse. “I don’t care,” he said as they kissed.

His body pressed against hers, she pressed back with her hips as she felt him growing hard against her.

“Oh Ronda,” Matthew moaned. “I’ve wanted to do this for so long!”

Their hips grinding together, Matthew kissed her roughly, his passionate lips finding her mouth and her neck and her chest, her shirt now wide open.

The sound of the phone ringing startled them both and Matthew jumped up to answer it. “It’s for you,” he said, and handed her the phone.”

“Baby! How are you? I tried to call you at home but you weren’t there. I was hoping I’d find you!” Mark’s voice in her ear made Ronda’s blood run cold.

“Yep, I’m here,” she said. Matthew knelt on the floor in front of the couch and pulled her shirt aside to kiss her as she talked.

“I miss you so much, it’s killing me to be away from you,” Mark said. Matthew reached behind her and unhooked her bra, then pushed it up to reveal her small round breasts, large pink nipples already hard with excitement. Ronda forgot herself and giggled as his mouth found her nipple and teased it with his tongue.

“Ronda?” Mark said.

“Oh, sorry Mark. I didn’t quite hear what you said, your brother was talking to me.” Playfully she pushed Matthew away.

“I said I miss you, baby! Is everything alright?” Mark asked. Ronda could tell he was confused by her disinterest, especially considering this was the first conversation they had had since he left for Oregon a week before.

“Everything’s fine Mark, I miss you, too. I can’t wait to talk to you when you get home,” she said.

“Saturday will be here before you know it,” Mark said. “Is Matthew taking good care of you while I’m away?”

Ronda couldn’t help but laugh. “Yes, Matthew is taking real good care of me,” she said.

“Good. I’ll see you soon, okay baby?” Mark said. “I love you. Can I talk to Matthew a minute?”

“Yep, here he is,” Ronda said. She didn’t bother to return the ‘I love you,’ something she wasn’t sure she had ever done before. She thought he probably hadn’t even noticed.

Without moving from his position on top of Ronda, Matthew exchanged a few short pleasantries with his brother, then hung up the phone quickly. Kissing Ronda deeply, he returned the phone to its cradle. “Do you want to go upstairs?” he asked her.

She thought about it a moment, a little twinge of guilt in the pit of his stomach.

“If you don’t want to…”

Ronda pressed her fingers to Matthew’s lips, stopping him mid-sentence. “Oh no, I want to,” she said.

Matthew stood up and held out his hand to help Ronda from the couch. Smiling, he held her hand in his as he led her up the stairs. At the top of the stairs she hesitated. To the left was Matthew’s room. To the right was Mark’s room. She smiled at Matthew and led him to the right.

“Let’s go in here,” she said.

Matthew laughed and followed her in, shutting the door behind them.

Pulling her into his arms, he kissed her again and gently guided her to the bed. A sense of urgency filled both of them as they fumbled with each other’s clothes, aching to feel each other’s bodies.

“Oh Ronda, you are so beautiful,” Matthew moaned as he tossed her shirt on the floor, followed by her bra.

She kissed his chest as he unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down, exposing lacy purple panties and creamy white thighs. He moaned again as he moved away from her long enough to pull them completely off and toss them in a pile on the floor.

As he stood in front of her she unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down, his nest of pubic hair and erect member left to her eyes. “You don’t wear underwear?” She giggled. “I didn’t know that!”

“There’s a lot of things you don’t know,” he said, pinning her to the bed. “A lot of things.”

Matthew’s aggression thrilled Ronda, it was a feeling she had never experienced before. Mark was aggressive in other areas, but in bed he was a patient and kind lover. Ronda knew it was what she been missing as she struggled playfully against Matthew’s firm grasp.

She felt his cock, hard against her stomach, as he held her down and kissed her forcefully. She found herself moaning and crying out for him as he pressed against her. “Matthew, fuck me,” she commanded as his mouth moved to her throat.

“This is turning me on so much,” Matthew said. “I can’t wait to fuck Mark’s girlfriend in his own bed.”

“Oh yes!” Ronda moaned. She could feel her juices soaking through her panties and onto his cock.

He reached between them and yanked her panties out of the way, eager to feel her soft mound against his growing manhood. Underneath them he found a neatly trimmed little bush, just the way he had imagined all these years as he watched her with his brother.

Ronda gasped as his roughly probing fingers found her slick opening and shoved their way inside. Her clit was swollen with anticipation, and it responded quickly to his touch.

“Oh Matthew!” she screamed as he rubbed her harder, he could see that their time downstairs had been effective – she was about to cum for him.

His fingers moved to guide his hard cock inside her, and she cried out again as he penetrated. He plunged deep inside of her and pressed against her, grinding his hips against hers, pushing his cock deeper.

“Ooooh!” She squeezed her eyes tightly shut and gripped his shoulders with her fingernails.

He drew his hips back slowly, pulling himself from within her inch by inch as she panted and squealed. Then in one quick motion he rammed it back deep inside her and felt her cum hard beneath him, screaming his name and driving her fingernails into his flesh.

He stayed, motionlessly filling her, until her orgasm had passed and she trembled beneath him. When she wrapped her arms tightly around his neck he slowly started pumping again.

She moaned with each slow thrust , as his cock slid over each sensitive nerve. “Matthew….” She moaned, holding him tightly and burying her face in his neck. Her lips were warm against his throat as he pumped in and out of her, over and over and over again.

The friction between their bodies grew as their hips grinded together in a sweet, perpetual rhythm highlighted by their moaning.

“Oh Ronda,” he said, his hips moving against hers faster and faster. “Ronda!”

Ronda let go of his neck and leaned back so she could see his face, watch him as he slid in and out of her. “Cum for me,” she said.

Matthew pumped harder.

Again, this time almost breathlessly as she neared orgasm, Ronda said, “Cum for me Matthew!”

He moaned and cried out her name as his motion slowed, became deeper. “Yes…” he said. “Yes!”

Ronda gripped his ass and held him tightly against her as he threw his head back, shooting his load deep inside her as she screamed and they came together. Spent, Matthew collapsed on top of her.

“Oh my god,” Ronda said.

Matthew pulled his softening cock from inside her body and lay next to her. “Oh my God what?” he asked her with a smile.

“I have been so with the wrong brother all this time,” she said, struggling to catch her breath.

“I could have told you that.”

This is part one of the continuing adventures (so to speak) of Ronda and the twins. Be sure to check out my main page to see what other trouble they are getting into!