 The club was dark and filled with people. Granted many of those people were barely clothed women. It was the kind of place that Orin had found himself in many times. He himself wasn't that impressive to look at. Pale skin with bright red hair that seemed to have a life of it's own. His most attractive feature would have to be his almost unnatural blue eyes. Anything else he had going for him was covered up with the silky blue dress shirt and dark slacks.

"Listen... you still owe me lady." The heavyweight club manager had said.

The woman that Orin took notice of was stunning. It was something that he couldn't quite put his finger on. She wouldn't have been that tall if it weren't for the extra high heels she wore. Her makeup was heavier than what a woman may normally wear, but not like anything some of the other girls wore. Her breasts were a good size, but the thing that grabbed Orin's attention most was her face. It was framed in perfect curled brown locks, and when he had seen her smile earlier it was captivating. That may have been the reason that he was paying attention to the conversation now. She obviously wasn't happy.

"I agreed to work for you to pay off the debt. By my count I have."

The man easily pushed her to the side as he replied, "You're not even close. There's a lot of time I've had to put into you. You're training took longer than any of the rest."

"Maybe because they're here willingly." Her voice lifted with the trace of her anger. Others in the club took notice as did the club manager. He got in closer so he could whisper.

"You enjoy this more than you let on, Doll."

She snapped back, "Don't call me that."

"You had better quiet down little lady, or I'm going to make sure you never stop working here."

The look she gave him did little to hide the contempt that she was experiencing.

"Maybe we need to have another talk with that little wimp of a guy you call a husband. It may help you with your outlook on things."

With that statement her entire attitude started to change. Within an instant she became softer and almost sensual.

"That won't be necessary. I'm sure I can work for you longer if that's what you want."

"Good to hear it." The fat man motioned for her to get back to work.

Orin couldn't help but be interested. He had heard the whole conversation, but he knew from experience that this would probably be the most interesting woman in the place. He had no problem having a little sexual adventure with her. Orin needed to motivate her in a way that would work to his advantage, and possibly to hers as well.

"How much does she owe you?"

The fat man turned to see Orin standing next to him and asked, "Excuse me?"

Orin wasted no time as he responded with a smile on his face, "The girl. I heard the two of you talking, and I was interested in what she still owed you."

The overweight man looked over to some of his bouncers and they started walking his way.

This situation didn't go without Orin's notice. He put his hands up and said, "I'm sorry... maybe I didn't do a very good job getting my point across. I meant that I have quite a bit of money and I may be able to arrange something that works out for all of us. Not that I wanted to interfere in any other way."

As the fat club manager considered the offer he waved his hand away and the goons turned around.

"What amount of money are you offering for her? Are you wanting to buy the little lady off me?"

"I was hoping that you had an amount in mind that she still owed you. If not maybe you could give me a figure and we could go from there."

"Let me get this straight...." the fat man started, "You want to pay me for this girl's freedom just out of the kindness of your heart?"

Orin laughed and then responded, "No... I'm going to bang the heck out of her, but I want to have a good night. If she knows that doing a good job will grant her freedom then she will be even better."

Even the overweight club manager laughed at that.

"I see... well you could pay me a lot of money, and we could just say that she'll be going home. No fault to you."

"If I tell her something I want it to be true."

The expression on Orin's face had become cold and unyielding. For a moment, it threw the club manager way off.

"You're serious?" The fat man asked.

A slight smile spread across Orin's face. He then asked, "What kind of money will make that happen?"

"I don't know..." The club manager started to rub his balding head as he looked over toward the topic of discussion; while she was speaking to another potential client. "She makes me a lot of money."

Orin nodded as he asked, "How much a night?"

Then the club manager started to think and he replied, "At least three grand most nights. Some times six."

"We'll call it ten. How many nights do you have her work?"

Once again the fat man responded, "Five nights a week."

"That's fifty thousand dollars a week, at those numbers."

"You're the one that rounded up." The fat man laughed.

Orin looked over at her and then back to the club manager as he said, "That means she pulls somewhere less that two hundred thousand a month. I rounded up of course."

"Of course." The club manager replied. "That means I would lose a lot of money if I let her go."

"One million dollars." 

The club manager wasn't sure he had heard the word correctly.

"How much did you say?"

Orin smiled as he repeated himself, "One million dollars. That should be enough shouldn't it?"

Never had the club manger ever been offered so much money. It was something that he couldn't possibly turn down.

"Wait a minute... this money... how would you pay me for it?"

At this moment, Orin took a seat at the nearby table and motioned for the club owner to sit down.

"I'm sure you have bank accounts. I have quite a bit of money and resources. I would have five hundred thousand transferred into your account right now, and then the rest afterward. Does that sound fair."

The club owner shook his head as he smiled. "That is quite the deal. I still can't believe that you would do it."

Orin smiled and replied, "Oh I will... that is if we have a deal."

"You spend as much time with the girl as you want, and do whatever you want with her. Afterward you send me the rest of the money and she is free to go."

"Excellent." Orin pulled out his smart phone and started to key in some figures. He handed it to the fat man and said, "Please put in your account number. You can check everything first to make sure it is correct."

The club manager did as asked and hit send himself. He then handed the phone back to Orin.

"I have several rooms that you can use..."

"No." Orin had replied quickly and it startled the club manager.

"I will take her someplace else of my choosing. It will let her know that she doesn't have to come back."

The club manager nodded and responded, "That's fine. Do as you wish. I'll have somebody bring her over."

With a wave of his hand one of the body guards brought the girl over. She didn't seem very happy.

"What did I do now?" Her anger flared up for a moment.

"This young man here has purchased you for the night."

"What?" She asked clearly showing her confusion.

"Actually," Orin interrupted, "I have purchased your freedom. All you have to do is show me a good time tonight."

She looked over at him and then back to the club manager. The look on her face showed her doubt.

"One night with this guy and I'm done?"

Orin stood and took her hand as he looked into her eyes. The connection there was unmistakable. It was so intense that she had to look away.

"Okay. I'll do it."

"It's good that I didn't ask for your permission." The club manager exerting his control one last time.

"Do you need to grab anything before we go?" Orin had asked her with more care in his voice than the young lady had heard in a long time.

For a moment she was confused. Lost in the eyes that looked back at her.

"No... I don't need anything."

Orin simply nodded as he started to lead her out.

"Remember..." The club manager had started and she turned to look at him. "If you don't do a good job then you'll be back, Doll."

Once again she angrily turned away. Under her breath she said, "That's not my name."

Orin took note as they left. 

Once outside he took her to his nice but older vehicle. He opened the door for her and she looked on and almost laughed.

"What's so funny?"

She stepped inside as he closed the door and walked to the other side. Once he was inside she continued to speak.

"You're treating me like we're on a date, and you just paid for me. I'm no better than a hooker."

"An expensive one then."

"How much did you pay?"

Orin looked at her and once again made eye contact. She turned away from him. He asked, "What's your real name?"

"What?" She didn't know why he would even want to know. Nobody else really cared what her real name was.

"I want to know what your real name is."

"Casmira." She had said it quickly and didn't look back toward Orin. He wondered why she would want to hide her real name. It may have been something that she tried to keep to herself. One last shred of humanity she had left.

"You're not a hooker... or a slave. Just a gorgeous woman that ended up in a very bad situation."

She looked back to him and saw the kindness in his eyes. There was something else there, however, a darkness like she had never seen before. Casmira responded, 'Thank you."

"I mean it, Casmira. I do expect you to spend the night with me, but it doesn't have to be about sex. We can go back to my place and I will make you a very... very late diner, or early breakfast. Whichever you're in the mood for. You can tell me about everything that's happened, and we can take it from there."

She had no idea what to make of this guy.

"Call me Cass."

He looked at her, and a smile spread across his face.

"Cass? It suits you."

He drove off and after a short car ride, with very little conversation, they arrived at Orin's very large house. 

"This place is beautiful." Cass did little to hide her amazement. It was then she had remembered that he was supposed to tell her how much he paid.

"Hey... you were supposed to...."

"One million."

The response left her dumbfounded. After she had seen the house it was easy to believe that he could afford that kind of payment.

Once inside she was just as amazed. Artwork lined walls, and statues were in corridors. There was also empty space everywhere with just furniture. Cass couldn't help but notice all the dust that had collected.

"It's all beautiful, but you can't afford somebody to clean it up?"

Orin himself looked around and a smile appeared on his face.

"You're right. I should hire somebody. You're out of a job now, would you like some work?"

Cass had no idea what to make of this guy. He seemed older than his age suggested, but she still wasn't sure if she could trust him.

"I would say that I may have something you could change into, but to be honest... I like what you're wearing."

Cass looked at herself in a nearby mirror. She had on a tiny purple top, tiny black mini skirt, and clear platform heels. She definitely didn't feel like a lady at this moment.

"I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."

She turned to look at the man who had given her the compliment. He wasn't overly handsome but something about his features were strong and chiseled. Staying here with him may be more dangerous for her and her relationship then all the time she had been in the club.

"I'm guessing that if I worked for you that I'd have to wear an outfit like this?"

Orin walked around her as he took in her body. He replied, "I'm sure that we could find you a nice maid outfit."

The joking tone in his voice made her smile. "Am I flirting with him?" Cass had asked herself.

"Yes you are." Orin had responded.

Cass placed her hand over her mouth as she realized that she must have just said that out loud.

"Come this way and I'll make something for us. I won't take long."

Orin guided Cass to the largest dining room that she had ever seen. Orin had put on some music, and then brought a bottle of wine. He prepared a glass for each of them, and Cass had been able to see the date on the bottle as it read 1901. 

"That bottle is more than a hundred years old?"

Orin looked it over and replied, "So it is."

After that he took little notice of it. She was amazed that to him it was just another bottle.

He got close and pulled her in to dance. The music was soft and without words though she couldn't place it. There was part of her that had thought that they were just supposed to be having dinner, but something was right and she didn't want to stop.

Gently he moved her and his hands wrapped around her body. It was a closeness that she hadn't experienced in a long time. Again she had looked into his eyes and became lost. He pulled her in and they kissed. It was like nothing she had ever experienced before. Everything inside her was excited all at once, and her wetness almost caused her to snap out of it.

Cass pulled back and asked, "What's going on?"

Orin was confused and asked, "What do you mean?"

"This is... I mean..."

He placed a finger on her lips and pulled her in close. Slowly he started to kiss on her neck and Cass let out a soft moan. Orin's hands found there way under her short skirt and he was happy to find that she had on nothing underneath. His hands roamed over her shapely butt and she pushed into what she decided must have been a very large and growing cock.

"You're huge!" She yelled out and didn't do a good job hiding her excitement.

He pulled back from her and asked, "You like?"

This time Cass pulled him in and kissed with more passion than she had ever dreamed possible. With one quick motion he lifted her from the ground and quickly moved across the house to a dark bedroom. 

Cass reached up and removed the silk shirt and marveled at the pale muscles underneath. He was more built that she thought was possible, but that only fueled her passion. Quickly she had made her way down to his belt and undid it. With one quick motion his pants were down and she was smacked in the face by the most amazing thick cock that she had ever seen.

Her hand couldn't fit around it, and even if she used both hands there was still a good deal more left to hold onto. "Where did you come from?"

Orin simply smiled down at her, and lifted Cass up for another kiss. Her unprotected pussy rubbed against the perfect cock. Wetness covered it and Orin pulled her top off. He reached down and started to suck on her nipple. She held his head in place, and with the other hand was able to grab onto the tip of his cock. This time Orin moaned out, and Cass smiled.

She took it upon herself to bend down and start sucking on his enlarged tool. There was no way she could take it down all the way, but that didn't stop her from trying. Slowly Orin started to shove his cock into Cass's mouth. Every once in a while she would gag and he would back up. Cass would be the one to pull him back to her again. 

Cass wasn't one that normally liked to perform oral sex, but something about this man had her fired up. She had almost half of him down her throat. Never in her life had her mouth been stuffed with so much cock. It was that moment, her pulled her off him and swung her in the air and onto the bed. He had such strength, but somehow had managed not to hurt her. For a brief moment, Cass was afraid at the suddenness, that is until Orin started to use his tongue on Cass's sloppy wet pussy. She went wild with lust. 

The tongue would dart in and then up around her clit. It would swirl around and then he would suck on her slightly. Eventually he started to insert his fingers and then Cass came loud and hard. There was no doubt what was happening to Orin. Her hips bucked and came down hard, and she wiggled underneath Orin almost trying to get away. Eventually after and eternity Cass had to finally push Orin away. 

"Stop...." She laughed out and continued, "I can't take anymore."

Orin slowly slid up her body and looked Cass in the eyes. There was something there that she had never seen from any man before, not even the husband she never talked about. In that moment, Cass knew that this man would have never let her get into this mess in the first place.

He lowered his mouth to hers, and they once again shared a kiss. It was something that she didn't normally do when somebody went down on her, but this time she didn't care. It was then that Cass felt the large cock at the entrance to her pussy. She pushed Orin's head back so that she could see into his eyes. Cass nodded and slowly Orin started to push his massive rod inside.

A moan escaped her lips as she felt it. Never before had Cass been this stretched out. She had expected more pain, but for some reason it didn't hurt at all. There was nothing but pure bliss.

"You're perfect." Orin had said.

Cass looked into his eyes and had seen love there. It was impossible... they had just met. There was more to him than this moment of passion that they were sharing. There was no way she could ever see him again. It would be so easy for her to develop feelings for this perfect man.

"Please..." That was all she said, and Orin waited. At first, Cass didn't even know why she had said it. 

"Please.... give me that big cock."

Orin started to pound into her with his huge cock, and Cass took it. More than that... she loved his cock. More than any that she had ever had before. In the last few months she had plenty, but none like this. Their hips smashed together over and over. Orin never slowed down or tired. He hooked Cass's legs with his arms and started to pound her even more. She was being stimulated in ways that she didn't even know was possible. 

Cass knew she was getting close, but then she heard it from Orin, and she felt his cock. He was about to cum, and she wanted it.

"CUM IN ME!"

She yelled out and he looked deeply into her eyes.

"Please... I want it..."

Cass had begged and Orin delivered. His cock started to pulse and Cass could feel it pumping into her. The sensation sent her over the edge as Orin didn't slow down and continued to ram her through the orgasm. Slowly he lowered her now sore legs and gently rubbed his hand over his face.

"You are amazing." It was Cass that had said it, and had even amazed herself.

"I think that's my line." Orin replied with the familiar smile on his face. 

Orin didn't get out of the bed or get ready. He didn't try to get Cass to leave, or even have sex with her again. Instead he pulled her in close and wrapped his arms around her. They kissed once again, a lovers kiss. Cass had never felt so safe. Orin held her as she fell asleep.

The morning light hit Cass in the face and she jumped from the bed. It took a moment for her to figure out where she was. Memories from last night started to flood back to her as she had remembered the evening of amazing sex. She looked around for the mystery man that she had been with last night, and realized that she had never even asked for his name. 

"I promised you food." Orin had said as he entered the room with a tray. He placed it Cass's lap. Eggs with bacon, toast, and a small glass of orange juice. The meal was simple but perfect.

"I made the last payment this morning so you are now officially a free woman."

Cass had waited so long to hear those words, but now there was something sad as she knew that she could leave now if she wanted to. Part of her wanted to know his name, and everything else about this man. The smarter part of her knew that wasn't a good idea.

"Is something wrong with the food?" Orin had asked. 

"No..." Cass responded quickly. She then continued, "You know that I can't work for you. I'm married and..."
