 What a surprise to see him there. I knew he hadn't recognized me as I walked through the parking lot of the chicken place towards him. He was smoking a cigarette while on his break, I couldn't have planned it better if I'd tried. Several weeks had passed since our last encounter, and he had no idea I was in the area.

"Hey Handsome," I said, holding my smoke up as I got closer, "can I get a light?"

He looked up with a surprised smile. "Oh wow, I didn't recognize you at first. How have you been?" He stood to hug me, continuing before I could answer, "What are you doing around here?"

"I'm on my way to visit a friend at the marina." That was only about a block from where we were standing. 

"Well, what are you doing later? Can we get together after I get off work?" he asked hopefully.

"I'm not sure how long I'll be over there, but you can call after you're done here. My number is still the same, " I replied. I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and said goodbye. 

I was sitting on the deck of my friend's boat when my phone rang a couple hours later. It was too early for him to be done with his shift so I figured he was calling to cancel. I was both surprised and relieved when he didn't. 

"I can't wait to see you tonight," he said in his deep, sexy voice.

"Good, because neither can I." My voice dropped and a shiver ran through me as I answered. "What time do you think it'll be when you get out of there?"

"Probably close to midnight. That won't be too late will it?" He quickly added, "I've got to see you."

I was so turned on by his desire for me, it felt like my pussy was simmering in its own juices. "Of course not, I'll be waiting." And wait I did.

I wanted to be comfortable, so I rented a room at a motel a block from his work. I showered and grabbed a book to read until he got there.

His call couldn't come soon enough, I wanted him inside me bad. My hand was already resting on my hungry snatch so I began running my fingers up and down my freshly shaved lips. From the light touch on my smooth sensitive skin I grew hotter and hotter. I couldn't resist dipping a finger in the crevice and teasing my button.

My breathing grew heavier as my steaming cunt demanded relief. Around and around, back and forth I continued massaging as I thought about the thick, hard cock he would be bringing me. I was so wet, dripping wet, as I got close to cumming. I needed to blow, and I was seconds away. Faster and faster I moved...

At that very moment my phone rang. I wanted to keep going, needed to finish what I'd started. But I couldn't risk missing his call, not to mention his cock. So I stopped and answered with a breathless "Hello".

His voice was like music to my ears. "I'm off work finally. Where are you?"

I told him the name of the motel and the room number. "How long do you think it will take you to get here?"

He said it would be about five minutes so I hurried to freshen up a little real quick. In less than five minutes he called and said he was parking his truck. I walked out to meet him.

His hands were all over me as we walked up to the room. And the second we were inside he grabbed my wrap and tossed it aside.

With one hand on my head and the other on my breast, he kissed me passionately. As always, I was putty in his hands, waiting to be molded to suit his desires. And mold me he did.

With an unexpected abruptness, he ended the kiss leaving me momentarily confused. I wasn't sure what he had in mind, but the sly twinkle in his eye said I was in for it tonight. His next move was solid proof of that.

Without warning he pushed me on the bed, the roughness of it freezing me in place. I stared in shock as he unbuckled his belt, allowing his baggy jeans to fall to the ground. His shirt closely followed. 

Slowly he began to stroke his thick cock, taunting and teasing me with it.

Taking the bait, I moved to sir up. And like a well trained hunter he pounced on me.

Pinning me down, he rubbed his hot, hard prick against me, leaving a trail of precum all over my body. "Oh fuck," I moaned, "I want to taste your...

He covered my mouth to silence me, using enough pressure to show meant business. He was in complete control, no question about it.

He roughly spread my legs and fingered my wet hole ever so briefly. When he felt how hot and wet I was he whispered, "Fuck yes! That's what I like, baby. I'm gonna tear that shit up!" He gave my twat a couple hard pumps, then removed his fingers. Pinning my hands over my head, he gave a deep grunt as he buried his rod to the hilt in my throbbing pussy. Drawing back slowly until he was barely touching me with his prick, he slammed back into me. Again and again he hit bottom, he assaulted my cervix relentlessly. He wanted it to hurt, and it did. But it hurt sooo good it took my breath away.

I was exploding with orgasm after orgasm and squirting all over him.

I found the near brutality of him fucking me this was incredible. I hadn't expected anything close to what he was giving me. Not even after the Dominant nature came out in him last time we met. This was definitely the pounding of a lifetime.

Each glorious thrust came with so much force behind it that the queen size bed kept moving. And not just a little bit either. After just a couple minutes the whole thing was turned sideways. And this sexy, young man had only just begun.

After I had squirted until I felt id pass out, his tireless young cock was removed from my fuck canal. "Suck it!" he said as he guided me by my hair.

"MMMMM Yes," I managed to say before his pussy flavored flesh was forced down my throat. His girthy dick left no space for air to pass and my eyes began to water as I struggled to breathe.

"Swallow it!" he ordered. "Swallow my big, hard cock!" He continued to face fuck me with deep, hard strokes, not allowing a response. 

With the handful of hair he still held, he pulled my head back. I gasped for air as his monstrous prick popped out of my mouth. He kissed me again as I was guided to my feet.

"Damn I missed you!" I said. "I missed your delicious cock too."

He had a look in his eyes that I hadn't seen before, and couldn't identify. "Prove it," he whispered as he turned me away from him. He pressed his pulsating meat against my back and bit my neck. 

Without another sound he bent me over the bed, impaling me with his tool once more, plunging to depths I hadn't anticipated. He had me reeling and writhing uncontrollably. There was an awesome youthful energy driving the rapid rhythm of his strokes. And the smacking sounds of colliding flesh seemed to echo in the room. The intoxicated feeling continued to deepen as he fucked me.

I immediately reached an orgasm, and once it started it didn't stop. I just kept cumming, squirting and gushing my sweet pussy juice everywhere. Anytime I thought it might be subside, my young lover would spice it up with a hint of brutality. It never failed to revive the climax, catapulting me towards newer and higher peaks. 

My already stuffed cunt was on fire when I felt his fuck rod begin to thicken. He stretched me even more as he became engorged from the enormous load of cum he had for me. Fatter and longer it continued to grow from the abundance of sperm spilling from his balls.

His grunting and moaning grew louder, "Here I cum! Oh fuck, Baby, I'm gonna fill up your hot pussy." He cried. Then with a deep manly growl he exploded.

I reached a new peak when I felt his hot seed spill into my cervix. I met orgasm with a final one of my own. I wanted and needed to scream in ecstasy, but was barely able to whimper.

Never before had I felt anything like this, I couldn't help but wonder if I was coherent at all. I don't think I could've told you what day of the week it was. I guess you could say my sexy youngster had literally fucked me stupid....

And I loved it!