 It all began on a shopping trip that was organised amongst friends. There were 3 girls and me -- we were all good friends, nothing more. Not that any of us was unattractive, it was more that we were so comfortable with each other that the notion of anything developing between myself and any of the girls was just... a little out of whack. For some reason or other, the girls treated me like I was one of them, even though they knew I am straight as an arrow. Heck, that didn't bother me in the least -- it was kind of cool to have women friends who could give the other point of view, you know?

Anyway, one of the girls thought it would be a great idea to go to an Asian city for a holiday, and, being 'one of the girls', I was naturally invited along. Before you get the wrong idea, I wasn't 'one of the girls' enough for them to go stripping in front of me or showering with me... it was quite the opposite. They were acutely aware of my gender and sexual orientation, they just felt comfortable enough to go on a shopping trip abroad with me.

The upshot of this was that I ended up with the sofa bed in the living room, whilst the girls shared a bedroom in the suite of the hotel. That worked well for me -- I'm not particular about sharing a bed, but like I'd said, we were getting along fine without any of the sex or relationship thing getting in the way, and truth be told, I was pretty happy with the way things were too, even though I was between girlfriends at the time.

That living room was long, by the way, and the door to the girls' room was at one end whilst the sofa and TV was pretty much at the other end. We'd only just arrived in the city and been caught up in the whirl of shopping (as the girls were wont to do), and only got back to the hotel in the early hours of the morning.

I was really knackered by then... although I'd spent much of the day in coffee shops waiting for the girls, as the sole male member of the group, I ended up being the 'shopping bag mule' for them as well.

It didn't take me too long to fall asleep after washing up (I was last in line to the loo, of course, being the gentleman that I am), and I'm not sure how long I'd been asleep before I was rudely awakened, by the sudden sound of an expletive and the sensation of something falling directly on top of me.

Perhaps I should explain that although I'd been assigned the sofa bed, the air-conditioning wasn't working very well and it was a rather hot night, so I'd decided that sleeping on the floor was the cooler option. I'd simply moved the sheets and a thin quilt down, and settled down for the night on my makeshift bed on the floor. I didn't even bother covering myself with the quilt, it was that hot.

"Uhhhhh!" I grunted as that something soft smacked down hard on top of me. My cock took the brunt, and immediately swelled up in response. "Aooowww!"

"Fuck! Sorry!" was Jeanie's next utterance. I recognised her voice in an instant. Jeanie was 30-something, pretty, with big eyes and pouty lips, and skinny as hell. She was just slightly shorter than me, a fact that had been reinforced earlier that evening when she bumped into me as she exited the bathroom while I was stepping in (I'd thought it was vacant). Her towel stayed on her, but being half my size, she literally bounced off me and would've fallen if I'd not caught her.

She clung on to me while she gained her balance, her chin resting on my shoulder. Her eyes had been sparkling when she finally stepped back and retorted: "Is that a roll of coins in your pocket or are you glad to see me?"

That's Jeanie for you, always quick with the snappy retort. I felt her chin up against my shoulder again as she lay on top of me, trapping my erection between our bodies.

"Wha... what are you doing..?" I murmured, still a little confused.

"Sorry... I couldn't sleep and I wanted to read, so I... came out to look for my glasses," she whispered in my ear. "I... It's been a while. Do you mind just letting me lie here for a bit?"

I nodded, remembering how the girls had been talking about Jeanie's "dry spell" in relationships during one of our rest breaks. She'd admitted that she hadn't been seeing anyone for more than two years, but insisted she was fine with being carefree and single. "At least, I didn't have to get anyone's agreement to come for this holiday," she had grinned as she sipped her coffee. 

As she lay on top of me, however, her hands reached out to mine and pulled my arms around her in a hug, giving the lie to her jovial comment earlier in the day. "Mmmm," she murmured in my ear. "That's nice!"

I didn't say anything also because it was kind of hard to talk when your prick's taken a whack like that. It was probably her pubic bone that had done the damage, and that I felt still pressed up against my cock. Damn. I hoped she wouldn't notice. Given her sharp wit, I wasn't sure what sort of comment to expect from Jeanie.

Then I realised that she wasn't wearing a bra, because I could feel her tits pressed up against my chest. OK, so Jeanie's on the skinny side, but she did have more than just mosquito bumps upstairs. They weren't as full as some guys seem to like, but for me, well, breasts are breasts, you know? And these breasts were just about a handful, and pressed up against me, moving slightly as she breathed. What could I do? My cock just got harder with each breath she took.

"Speaking of my specs, I suppose I should..." Jeanie suddenly remembered her stated mission. She shifted to lie on my right shoulder, her thigh sliding across my lower belly, I felt her hands alight on my throbbing erection. "Is that my? Umm... that's not..." she began, then she giggled. "Oh, sorry! My god, I thought that was..."

Her hands left my throbbing dick. "I really thought that was my spectacle case!" she whispered through her giggles. "How did your girlfriends take that thick thing?"

OK, I'm not exactly very long in the penis department, but I've had more than my fair share of complaints about my good little friend's thickness. I've had two women baulk when they saw it, and one of them even asked if I could somehow make it smaller so it wouldn't hurt her going in.

I shrugged, not wishing to say anything. I don't know... given my pledge to not let anything develop between myself and any of the girls, I didn't think it was... appropriate to discuss sexual stuff with any one of them. Especially if any of them was lying on top of me, her body pressed up against mine in the dark like Jeanie was. I admit it... I was kind of embarrassed by her discovery.

Her hands suddenly descended upon my prick again. "Wow... I really thought it was..." she began, then she suddenly delved into my boxers and fished out my still throbbing dick.

"Hey, getting a little personal, aren't we?" I whispered at her. Not that I minded it that much. Her hands were soft and warm, and my cock stiffened even more in appreciation. Fuck, this was moving us into dangerous territory here. Would we be able to to maintain our friendship if she continued to manipulate my cock? How would we be able to look each other in the eye tomorrow morning?

"Shhh! Just let me have a feel of this... monster," she replied, her fingers fluttering up and down my shaft. "Yup. A monster it is."

I said nothing else as she appeared to enjoy exploring my cock with her hands as much as I enjoyed letting her do it. It had certainly been a while for her, because she was cooing and breathing more heavily as she felt me up.

Then she whispered: "I've got to..!" and quickly shifted to lie directly on top of me once more. I realised that she had pulled the big tee-shirt she wore up at the same time I realised she wasn't wearing any panties under that. I could feel her already moist pussy press up against the stem of my cock as she settled down on top, moaning slightly at the contact.

"Hey Jeanie," I whispered in her ear. "Do you think this is a good idea?" I wasn't being prudish or anything -- after all, I was in between relationships and it'd been a while for me too (though not as long as it had been for Jeanie) -- I was simply mindful of the possibility that any further actions on either part would complicate things between Jeanie and myself, big time. Real big time.

"Shh!" she shushed me as she ground down on my cock. "Just... let me enjoy this." She was wet alright. I could feel her labia slip apart and straddle the stem of my cock as she moved her hips. "I just want to... we won't put it... we're not fucking..."

I nodded at the compromise, trying to imagine what she looked like as she cooed and moaned softly on top of me. Jeanie was pretty, like I'd said, and I imagined her closing those large eyes and pursing those lips as she moved up and down, stroking her pussy against my erection. "This... isn't fucking, right?" she whispered as if to assure me. Or herself. It didn't matter because her movements were spreading her wetness all along the length of my dick. And it felt good to feel her velvety soft labia sliding up and down my throbbing erection.

Jeanie was literally moving up and down in short strokes, rubbing her vulva up against my entire length. Twice, she moved forward a little too far and my cock sprang up, slipping into the slippery valley between her thighs. Twice, she stopped when she realised that my cock was no longer where she wanted it to be, moved off me and pressed my cock down before pressing her hot pussy up against it once more. "Fuck, can't you control that?" she whispered in my ear when it happened the second time. "Why does it keep coming up?"

"That's why it's called an erection," I replied unapologetically. "Because it erects."

She giggled, then cooed again as she slid up and down, her pace steady and even. The third time she slid off my cock, however, she didn't recover in time. She was pushing back just as my prick sprang up, and I felt my cock head press and lodge into a hot and wet place that I knew was the entrance to her vagina.

She stopped when she realised what had happened. "That's really very naughty of you, you know," she said. "That's not supposed to go in. We're not supposed to fuck."

I shrugged, expecting her to remove it from the snug confines of her vulva.

But her actions contrasted with her words. Instead of reaching down and pressing my cock down between us once more, she pushed back more and sat up, pressing me deeper into her. I felt her warm liquid flesh give way before my cock. What the fuck was she doing? 

Hey. She was tight and her pussy certainly felt great around my prick, but did she really mean it when she said we weren't supposed to fuck?

She must have sensed my hesitation because she whispered again: "I'm sorry... I'm just curious... it feels a bit big and... I just wanted to know how it feels..."

She leaned back even more, her vagina easily swallowing more of my throbbing erection up into her. "Wide load coming through!" she said out loud suddenly, and I was a little shocked by how loud she sounded. Her hips were grinding down, her pussy trying to cram as much of me into her as it could, given our relative positions. I shifted my hips and pressed upwards, giving her more of what she wanted.

"Ooohhhh!" she cooed softly as she began circling her hips horizontally, her pussy keeping as much of me inside as it possibly could. Her rhythm was regular even as her breathing became increasingly ragged. I could feel my cock deep inside her, stirring her liquid depths like a ladle slowly stirring in a simmering, thick and fragrant broth.

After a while she suddenly flung herself forward, put her mouth next to my ear and whispered: "We're not fucking, I'm just... borrowing your tool." I nodded. What could I say? The honest truth was I didn't want her to stop doing what she was doing anyway. 

Then she sat back up and continued rotating her hips around my cock. She seemed to pick up speed after a while and I could feel her vaginal walls fluttering around my prick. It felt like she was getting close. Instead of building up to her impending climax, however, she flung herself forward once more, surprising me,

"Don't come in me," she whispered fiercely. I nodded in reply. No one had ever managed to make me come when they were on top, after all -- I like to think I prefer being the driver -- so I was reasonably confident I would have no difficulty complying with her request.

She hesitated, and I looked right into her eyes and nodded again. It was dark, of course, but we could just see each other's features. "I won't," I whispered. "I promise."

Thus assured, she sat back up once more and began grinding her pubis up against me in earnest. This time, she wasn't being too gentle about it. Although she had stopped moving on top of me to talk to me, her pussy had continued to flutter around my cock, so when she started her gyrations again, I knew it was simply a matter of revving up her sensations.

She was clearly getting right into it, leaning further back to get as much of my erection into her as she could, and I could feel her pulse quickening in her vaginal walls as her orgasm approached. A sudden worrying thought popped into my head -- what if she was a screamer? -- and quickly left as I felt her pussy muscles begin clamping down on my prick. She was coming, and she let me know as much. "Fuck... I'm coming," she whispered.

Like I'd said, I've never come with a woman on top. I don't think it's the fault of any of my previous lovers, it was probably more to do with my own preference for being in the driver's seat. It felt good, for sure, feeling Jeanie's pussy sucking urgently on my prick like that, but I wasn't in any real danger of coming into her.

Then the lights came on. It's kind of hard to tell what happened next, it all happened so quickly, so the best way to explain it is that it happened at the same time.

"Jeanie, what are you doing?" I heard Alicia asking from the other end of the living room. At that moment of illumination and discovery, I lost it. I came into her, big time. I didn't even have time to react, to try to stop my semen from rushing out of my balls, up my cock and gushing into her. When the lights came on and Alicia spoke up, it was as if my cock had decided it had had enough and was going to let loose.

And let loose, I did. My cock jerked about in her vagina as it sprayed my jism up deep into her body, and I think she reacted to that with an even stronger orgasm, her inner muscles seizing up and preventing any further movement within. I could see her knuckles turn white as she gripped the quilt on either side of me, and feel her shuddering slightly as she sat up straight.

Cool as a cucumber, Jeanie turned to look in the direction of Alicia's voice and kept the breathlessness out of her voice as she replied in an even tone: "I came out to look for my spectacles and Ben here was helping me."

The table that I was lying behind completely obscured us from Alicia's gaze, but I could tell she was approaching us from the sound of her footfalls. Good grief. There goes the friendship.

Then I noticed Jeanie's spectacle case. It was lying on the floor under the sofa, just within my reach. I picked it up and spoke up: "Found it!"

"Great! Thanks!" Jeanie chirped as she stood up. i winced, feeling her insides squelch as her vagina reluctantly released me from its grip. She wasn't nearly as steady as she sounded however, and fumbled as she stood up. I caught a glimpse of her flushed and damp pussy, and of the fluid trails running down her inner thighs before the hem of her tee-shirt fell to cover her up.

At the same time, I was quickly stuffing my deflated cock back into my boxer shorts and twisting my body around so it looked like I was on my stomach, instead of my back. That way, we could reinforce the impression that we had been hunting around under the sofa for Jeanie's damned spectacles.

Thankfully, Alicia never quite got close enough to see the crumpled and stained quilt (Jeanie was quite the wet one) I was lying on. That was also due to Jeanie's quick thinking... she walked round the table and headed towards Alicia just as I popped my head up over the table top.

Of the two, Alicia was the younger and shapelier, a fact that no shapeless nightgown would hide. Under different circumstances, I suppose I might have ogled her. But this time, all my attention was focused on Jeanie's departing behind. Would the evidence of our midnight tryst spill out from her while she walked? She wasn't walking normally, so I presumed she was doing her best to hold it all in.

"What was it I heard you say just now, when I came out?" Alicia asked her as they both headed back to the bedroom.

"Oh, he was bugging me to come look for my spectacles around the table," was Jeanie's quick reply. "So I told him 'I'm coming'."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah. You know Ben, he's such a nag. And a clumsy clod as well. I tripped over his foot in the dark."

"Well, why didn't you switch on the lights then?"

"I really didn't want to wake you both. I just wanted to grab my specs for some light reading."

"Oh okay. That's why you guys were whispering too eh?"

"Yeah. I know you are both tired so I tried my best to keep quiet."

All this time, as both girls were walking towards the door to their room, Jeanie did not turn around to look in my direction. My heart sank as only Alicia turned to wish me goodnight. Jeanie seemed to have started ignoring me. Shit, was she mad because I came into her? Fuck. I hope I get the chance to explain.

--------------------------------------------------------

We woke up a little late in the morning the following day. I gathered from the girls' chatter that Jeanie had had some trouble getting out of bed. Both Alicia and Terry had joked about how she had taken too long in the bathroom and was probably too tired from washing up the night before.

I think I had a pretty good idea what it was that really tired her out, but I wasn't about to mention it to anyone. Jeanie, for her part, took the ribbing in her stride, but I noticed that she was doing her best to not look at me. Damn. I was right. The fucking screwed us up.

The girls were raring to go by the time we'd finished our late breakfast. It would have been just brunch too, if not for the fact that there were lots of delicious food outlets around us and we'd all agreed to have at least 3 meals a day, just so we could savour as much of the city's culinary delights as we were able to. Because of the morning's delay, we agreed to meet for lunch a little later, at 2.30, at a little cafe we'd noticed on the way in to the hotel.

The three girls shot off like bullets from a gun (or, I wryly thought, like sperm from my cock into Jeanie, who was probably still mad at me) the moment we agreed on a meeting place and time.

Me, I was too tired from the previous day's (and night's) exertions. My poor cock hadn't even recovered yet from the punishment it received, and I woke up without a morning woody for the first time in a long while. I simply walked around a bit, then headed straight for the cafe where we were to meet.

The girls were usually a little lax about keeping time whenever they were shopping, so I was more than a little surprised to see Jeanie walking into the cafe at about 1 pm. She wasn't particularly overloaded with shopping either, which was yet another surprise. The third surprise I got was when she smiled at me. Maybe she wasn't mad at me after all.

As she sat down in the chair beside mine, however, she looked serious. "You broke your promise!" she declared, her eyes boring into mine.

"I know, I know," I replied, trying hard to frame my apology in my mind before blurting it out. "Normally I would have managed to..."

"You came into me when you said you wouldn't!" she hissed at me, her mouth close to my ear so that no one else would hear.
