 I sent the proofs off to the various designers and modeling agencies, and it wasn't long before I got some bites. One agency wanted her to model next year's line of spring clothes and underwear, and we made an arrangement to shoot the pictures at my studio on a Saturday, with them sending over a guy with the clothes and a make-up artist. They paid good money, too. I called Cindy and told her when to be there, and as usual, she was right on time.

Well, with the other people around, there wasn't going to be any hanky-panky. It was all business. The photo session went off without a hitch. In between shots, Cindy stripped right in front of us to don the next series of garments. When we got to the underwear, she had no qualms about being naked as she changed from one set to the next. There was a screen to use that she could change behind, but she ignored it. 

"Aren't you worried about turning that guy on?" I asked.

"Are you kidding? I think he's a fag. He's looking at you more than me. It's the make-up girl who's getting the hots for me!" She may have been right about that. But both of them were professionals, and were all business and efficient as hell. By three, they were finished and out the door with their bags of garments and cases of make-up. Cindy hadn't bothered to put her own clothes on after the underwear shots were taken. She was still jay-bird naked. 

I took a chance. "I'd like to take some nude pictures of you. Cindy. Art shots, you might call them. I love the way the light plays on your body, and I want to see if I can capture that." 

"Will these be for sale?"

"I doubt it. There's not much market for them. These are just for fun."

"Okay. Let's have fun! But turn up the thermostat. I'm cold. And I want you to be as naked as I am, like last time!" I did as I was told, and soon the room's temperature was rising, and so was mine. When my clothes were off, my dick was rising too, to her delight. I proceeded to pose her in a variety of ways, on the couch, on the floor, by the window ... most of the poses I'd used last time, but this time she was nude. I had been right about her. She simply couldn't take a bad picture. She oozed sexuality with every pose and every expression on her face. It didn't hurt that her nipples were very, very erect.

I decided to take another chance, and handed her a bottle of baby oil. She looked at me in puzzlement. I explained how the sheen of the oil interplayed with the light to create a greater contrast between light and dark. She nodded and applied the oil to her body, and then we shot more film, using both color and black and white. 

"Do you ever take pictures of naked women for the porn magazines, Hank?" she asked.

"Not the raunchy one, just Playboy and the other classy ones," I replied. "Why do you ask?"

"I've always wanted to pose for one. Not really raunchy poses, like with my legs spread out, but flirty ones like Playboy. Could we do some of those?"

"I don't see why not. There's a market for them, particularly for young girls like yourself. They do like the ones with bigger boobs, though."

"Screw that. I've got what I've got. Let's get started." So we shot some very soft-core porn shots, mostly with her flirting with the camera, lying on the couch and then on a sheepskin on the floor, and positioning her hands in a way that suggested that she was almost ready to masturbate, but not quite. My dick had gotten soft over the last hour, but this series got me excited again. 

She must have felt this energy, too, or maybe she was just responding to her own needs, to the feeling of the oil on her clit and mons and the soft sheepskin on her back. With a smile playing on her lips, she started to masturbate in earnest, the middle finger of her left hand plunging in and out of her slot, her thumb grinding against her clit. Meanwhile, her right hand began kneading her left tit, squeezing it, pinching the nipple. Her legs writhed, I saw her eyes close tightly, she gave a shudder, and then she came. It was a genuine orgasm, unless she found a way to fake the sudden flush of red on her chest, and I didn't think she could do that. I was transfixed, but I kept snapping pictures, first with one camera and then another as I used up film. My cock was hard and dripping pre-cum.

Then she relaxed, sighed deeply and opened her eyes. Bedroom eyes. The smile returned to her face.

"Wow! I didn't mean to do that," she confessed. "It just came out of nowhere. The feeling of the oil on my skin, I guess. I'm sorry."

"To be honest, dear, it was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. No apologies necessary."

"Hey, your dick is really hard," She said. "Do you want me to jerk you off?"

What I wanted to do, of course, was ram that cock into her wet snatch, but I remembered that she wasn't protected against pregnancy. Instead, I nodded.

"Bring that bottle of baby oil over here, Hank. And kneel down. I bet it feels as good for you as it felt for me!"

I fetched the bottle, handed it to her, and knelt over her, straddling her legs. She poured a little oil onto her hands and stroked my dick. I realized with a start that this was the first time we had actually touched, bare skin to bare skin. I was so close to the edge that it was only seconds before I came, my semen spurting from my cock onto her oiled body. The first pulse hit her right tit, the second her neck, and the third her belly. My body sagged.

"Wow," she said. "You really needed that, Hank!"

I nodded. "You're a tease, Cindy! You've done this before!"

"No, I haven't! At least, not naked. I've jerked boys off before, but we were both dressed. I liked this better!"

"I don't think I've ever been so intimate with a woman before, without ... fucking."

"Did you want to fuck me?"

"God, yes! But only if you wanted it, too."

"Well, I kind of wanted to fuck, but I'm not on birth control. So we can't screw."

"But I can eat you out, if you want. That won't get you pregnant."

"You mean ... cunnilingus?"

"That's the twenty-dollar word for it, yes. How did you pick up a word like that, little Miss Innocent?"

She laughed. "My mother gave me a book on sex last spring. I've read it cover to cover."

"So you know what it is. Have you ever had it done to you?" She shook her head. "Would you like to try it?"

Without a word, she smiled and spread her legs, exposing her quim to me. Then she pulled up her clitoral hood, revealing a swollen pearl. I bent down and began sucking on her labia, and traced circles around her clit with my tongue. She giggled.

"Tell me what you want," I said between licks. "Tell me what turns you on and what doesn't."

"Lick me between my lips. My inner and outer lips, I mean. I'd like that. And put a finger in there."

I did as she instructed, finger-fucking her slowly as I flicked my tongue along her mons. She groaned in delight, and I increased the pressure, drifting to her clit and then away from it. She got wetter, and began using her hands to cradle her breasts. She was well on the way to another orgasm, and I was in no rush to get her there. When I removed one finger and replaced it with two, she gasped in pain. I took out my fingers and saw blood on them. She was a virgin, and I'd torn her maidenhead.

"Oh, God, Cindy, I'm sorry!"

"Don't worry. Keep going! Keep going!" And when I put a finger back in, she shrieked again, but this time it was not pain but lust. She was climaxing, her butt lifting off the sheepskin, her body writhing, her little tits jiggling. I put my mouth to her cunt, licking away her cum and her blood as fast as it oozed from her. Then her body went slack, and she dropped back onto the rug. I kept my finger in her, but fucked her slowly with it, caressing her vaginal wall. Her breathing returned to normal, and then she spoke.

"We've gotta do that again sometime!"

"Anytime you like, dear."

"What time is it?"

"About six, I think."

"Jeez, I've gotta go! I should have been home hours ago! Can I use your phone?"

I pointed her to it, and she dialed a number. "Mom? Sorry I'm late. I decided to do some shopping after the photo session ... no, it went fine ... yes, I'm getting paid, he'll send a check when his client's check clears ... by the end of next week, he said ... I'll be home in an hour. Don't worry ... see you then!" As she spoke, she was wiping the cum and oil off her body with a towel I handed her. She'd stopped bleeding by then, so there was only a small smear of blood on the part of the towel she'd used to wipe her crotch.

She hung up the phone and grinned. "I see you've got a hard-on again! You'll have to take care of that one by yourself, though." She dressed hurriedly, gave me a kiss, and was out the door in a flash.

I could hardly wait to get those nude shots developed. The black and white stuff I could do myself, but the color shots had to go to a lab I knew. It serviced professional photographers and didn't ask questions. But before I attended to any of that, I jerked off again while the scent of her pussy was still strong. Then I washed my face, dressed and went out to dinner.