 The Older Dude

Katlyn was a pretty girl, either twenty or twenty-one with long brown hair, average sized tits who loved wearing short skirts to show off her very nice legs.

She worked part-time for the shady lawyer I used to help keep me on the right side of the law. I had met her several times when visiting the firm's office, but met her socially at an anniversary party for my friends Kevin and Yvette Smalltoe, who lived several doors away from me.

And yes, they were both good customers, if you need to know.

The party was in full swing by the time I arrived and, as big as it was, the house was bursting at the seams with party goers of all ages. I spotted Kevin and Yvette and made my way over, to give them a card and gift before heading off to mingle and ogle the other women in attendance.

Eventually I found myself out on the patio and that's where I encountered Katlyn, skimming her fingers along the surface of the little fish pond the Smalltoe's had just finished installing.

"Hi, Katlyn, all alone are you?"

"Oh, hi, Mr. Stone, I didn't expect to see you here."

"Why not? I live nearby."

"Really? I didn't..."

"Want to share a joint, Katlyn?"

"Here?"

"Yes, here. We're not in the town square; we're alone on the Smalltoe's patio."

"Sure, I guess could use a lift."

I had to laugh and said, "You got it right, Katlyn, the cat's away, why not play?"

She tossed her hair and laughed with me, then said, "But the cat's right around the corner."

"Let me tell you a secret, Katlyn."

I thought her eyes lit up at that and continued. "Kevin loves smoking my pot. So does Yvette."

"Really, you're not just puttin' me on?"

"I swear to God," I said, holding my hand up to make it official.

I lit the joint, took a hit and passed it to her. She accepted it and took a substantial hit.

We were kissing within a minute, the joint lay smoking itself to extinction in a nearby ashtray. Our tongues were dry as they dueled, and then Katlyn was suddenly very turned on. Or had she been planning getting it on with me from the moment I wandered out on the patio. I always wonder about things like that. Women as a rule are very subtle and either plan or visualize their moves before putting them into action. Perhaps that comes from all the time they spend in front of mirrors, practicing facial expressions, smiles and how much cleavage a particular movement reveals for most of their lives. 

Or maybe I've got it backwards. Does anyone really care?

So I did what men do with a seemingly turned on female, I started rubbing her back then her ass and backed her against a tree and let her feel my dick by grinding it into her belly.

Katlyn moaned and hugged me tighter. I've found that women as a rule are pleased when they find that they have aroused a man. I believe this to be true whether they want the man, or are about to reject him. In either case, they are responsible for his arousal, and that is considered an achievement of sorts.

My dick was a rising lead pipe, prodding, prodding, prodding relentlessly against her lower parts. My mouth buried in her neck, leaving a love bite that I would see a week later when visiting the law office where she worked.

I made my dick twitch against her. Katlyn gasped and brought her mouth to mine, and tried to swallow my tongue.

My hand left her ass to move between her legs. We were both in heat, sizzling past any stopping point. 

I propelled Katlyn toward a bench in a somewhat secluded part of the patio. Oh anyone bothering to look outside could see us; but neither of us seemed to care about that at the time.

She hiked up her dress and pulled her panties down to her ankles, freed a leg then spread herself so I could ram my cock into her smoldering cunt.

I pulled out my dick and heard her gasp. "You're huge!"

"I've seen bigger, Katlyn. Don't worry it'll fit."

"I've never seen..."

"How many have you seen?" I asked out of curiosity, and then slapped her pussy with it.

"Oh!"

"Kat, come on, how many?"

"Four... maybe five, I'm not sure."

She was much too young to have lost count of the dicks she'd played with, but I wasn't going to argue with her, so I just said, "But none this big, eh?" I guess the male ego never rests.

And, not listening to her reply, if there was one, I was opening the few buttons at her top to get at her tits while talking.

"For sure!" 

She must have said it a second time, for I certainly heard her that time!

I had her bra exposed but couldn't get the dammed bra open. So I did the next best thing and pulled the cups of her bra down and let her tits rest on them. They stood jutting out like a pair of proud cocks.

"Oh those tits are perfect, Kat," and I really meant it.

Her eyes sought mine before she responded. "Can anyone see us?"

"I doubt it. They'd have to come outside first. We'd hear them, I'm sure we would," I lied.

Katlyn's tits were larger than I thought they would be. Some women are like that. I mean, you see them day in and day out in different outfits. You think, Gee, she's probably a 34 cup or something like that; only seeing them spilled out like Kat's were at the moment, they had to be 38's.

"How big are your tits, Kat?" and realized that she was still staring at my cock. "Touch it, Kat. I know you want too."

"Umm, okay," she answered dumbly, reaching out to take hold of my poker hot boner.

"Go on, kiss it. You know you want to taste it. Go on, I don't mind," I whispered.

Her lips were millimeters from touching my cock when as an afterthought, she said, "38 C," and then absorbed the head of my cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue over and around the corona. I positioned myself so that I could suck on her tits while she sucked my dick, and did. We were both moaning happily for the next few minutes until I released her breasts and tapped her lightly on the shoulder. 

"It's time to fuck, Kat."

"Mmmm?"

"You want me in you, don't you?" With some reluctance, she removed me from her mouth and said, "Yeah ... sure."

I spread her legs, asked if she was comfortable on the bench and mounted her.

She looked on with interest as I rubbed my cock over her labia and clit, and eased into her.

"Oh, Fuck!" she groaned in a satisfied voice.

I knew we were both ready to explode and that sooner than later someone would poke their nose out at the patio and spot us, so I started jack hammered away at her.

Kat didn't mind one bit. 

She came quickly, the orgasm shuddering through her. I leaned back a little and watched the pleasure wash over her as I slowly pumped in and out of her very wet pussy.

I let her finish me off by blowing me until I came in her mouth. She coughed and then spit most of the sperm out of her mouth and onto a nearby shrub.

"Sorry," she sputtered, "I can't ... you know?"

"Swallow?"

"Yeah ... it just ... I mean I can't manage it. I have tried, but you know, I can't."

"It's perfectly all right. I enjoyed the hell out of it, Kat. You came didn't you?"

"Oh, man, did I!"

We straightened out our clothing and were preparing to rejoin the party inside.

"You know ..." She started to say, but stopped as we neared the sliding glass door to the bedroom of the house. I took her elbow and steered her back to the bench and we sat down and faced one another.

"Hey, Kat, we just finished boffing each other. Feel free to talk to me."

"Yeah, you're right, Ned. The truth is that I wanted you to do me."

"But you also had an ulterior motive, am I right?"

"Yeah ... how'd you know that?"

"I'm a really good guesser, Kat."

"You are," she admitted, and then told me a hell-of-a-lot more than I needed to know.

"I ... I was wondering if you might fit in with my 'play time.'"

"Your 'play time?'"

"I should'a said, "Our play time."

"Kat, you need to be more specific."

"Yeah, right. Umm, how much detail do you want?"

"Why don't you begin and when I've heard enough I'll stop you, okay?"

Kat nodded, "Yeah, okay. Well there's another couple. I won't say who they are. Not yet anyway."

"Okay," I said and waited for Kat to continue.

"Um, sometimes I watch them, sometimes there's another, a guy named Shawn and we..."

"Details, Kat."

"Yeah, details ... oh, well ... the first time I went home with them after meeting them at a club. I was drunk ... it's no excuse, I know, but I was drunk. Had I been sober I doubt I've have gone with them. The thing was ... neither of them touched me. 

They ... we... all went into their bedroom. They undressed. No one said a word. I sat in a chair and watched him go down on her. Eventually they 69'd. That was followed by his using a vibrator on her until she came. By then he was ready again, and..." 

I cut her off. "Okay, so you watched them that time. What about the next time?"

"Well, she, I mean the wife, gave me money to buy some sexy lingerie to wear when I came over. I was so happy to have these neat undies that I brought a nice, if cheap bottle of wine with me when I returned the next time.

"I was different from the start. First she hurriedly undressed me and he was feeling me up. Like his hands was everywhere. I was embarrassed, really embarrassed to the point where I tried to get dressed so I could leave. But the wife put a stop to his groping and I calmed down. After that, she talked me into modeling the stuff I'd bought. Of course I had brought the outfits with me. In fact, I guess I was hoping to put on a show for them.

"Once I had this revealing fishnet body stocking on I found I wanted to be touched, and let them fondle me." 

"I kissed her first, and then I kissed him. She was playing with my breasts when I grabbed his boner. I wanted to give him a blowjob, you know? I mean, I was sooo fucking horny by this time. I was on my knees and blowing him when she interrupted, and told me to get on the bed. I did, and she started to tie my wrists to the bed posts with some velvet bands. Not all that tight, but I couldn't get loose when I tried.

"She was careful not to hurt me; just touching me, getting me more excited every time she laid a hand on me, or licked me with her tongue. Oh, she had a very long tongue. I mean, she sent it into my pussy and I near died it went in so far, wriggling this way and that. After that I would let her do anything so long as she sent that tongue into me for a while."

"Did you cum?" I asked.

"Repeatedly, I mean, I was hot. I did things after that I never would have thought I'd even consider. That's how good she got me off.

"What things were they? I mean the things you probably wouldn't have done otherwise."

"I licked their asses."

"Wow, that's a biggie," I said. Wondering how far I could take Katlyn before she'd call a halt.

"I let him piss in my mouth. Now doesn't that gross you out?"

"No, not really. Did she piss in your mouth too?"

"Yeah ... she pissed all over me. Called it a 'golden shower initiation.'"

"I've tried that myself," I lied, figuring a little bonding on the subject might have benefits I hadn't thought of.

"So, Katlyn, tell me did you go down on her?"

She gave me a look of denial, but shook her head and said, "Yeah, I did."

"Tell me about it."

"They took pictures ... not him or her..."

The other Shawn came to mind. 

"He had a video camera and a regular camera. Took all kinds of pictures. They never let me see any though."

"Tell me more, Kat," I said.

"It's funny, you know? I mean, I didn't want to do it at first. Then I got into it, you know? I wanted to hear her moaning for it. I wanted to see her reaction. I gave special attention to her clit. She had a big one, almost a little cock. Well at least I could get it in my mouth and give it a good sucking. I drove her crazy doing it."

I had a roaring hardon at this point, but I couldn't fuck her for fear of being caught and ending her story as well. 

Katlyn never stopped talking.

"I discovered something about myself too."

"What was that?"

"Anything ... anything that ... that gave me the slightest a hint that she enjoyed it, I kept doing, over and over before moving on to another spot. Oh I got her cumming and wouldn't let up until he pulled me away. I would've kept licking and sucking her until she had a fuckin' heart attack. At least that's what they told me that first time."

"The first time?"

"Yeah, after that I was timed. They let me do her for forty minutes then I had to stop or they'd whip me."

"So tell me, Kat, is eating pussy so much different than, say, sucking cock?"

"I don't know," she replied. "I love cock. I love the smell of them and the feel of them; I love it when it spits in my mouth ... only I can't ... I can't, you know, swallow the stuff."

She reached out and touched my dick, running her hand up and down its length.

"Don't, not here anyway, Kat." I said warning her with my eyes that someone might be watching us.

She pulled her hand away like she'd burned it. "Yeah ... yeah," she muttered. "Umm, you live close by don't you?"

"I do."

"Can we ... go there and fuck?"

"I don't see why not," I said. "So, Kat, who are we talking about?"

"Huh?"

"Whose pussy were you eating?"

She answered without thinking. "Oh ... Mrs. Gallagher. Her husband's the president of New Market Bank downtown. Do you know them?"

I was beginning to think Kat was a dumb blonde with dark brown hair. But I answered, "I know Shawn Gallagher. Never met his wife." 

"Oh, she's something else, Ned."

"Hmmm," I said, planning our departure from the party. "Listen Kat. I'll go back inside and make my excuse and then leave. You wait until I leave and then say thank you and good evening to several people. I'll be waiting up the block for you."

"Okay," she said and gave my dick another quick rub. "Keep it hard for me."

"I will, my little slut, I will."

"Oh, I like that."

"What?"

"You calling me your little slut. I am you know."

"I know. Meet me at the corner, now."

"I will, Ned. I will."

________________________________________

Back at my place I had her strip and lay on the bed.

"Tell me about the threesomes the Gallagher's involved you in," I said as I slapped her face with my dripping erection.

"Aren't you gonna do me?"

"I'll play with you while you tell me about those threesomes." I let my palm rest on her pussy then applied a light pressure.

"Mmmm, okay, I guess," she purred and giggled as my finger slid into her wetness.

"Celeste--that's Mrs. Gallagher--liked watching me suck her husband's cock. But when he was ready to cum I handed him over to her and she swallowed everything."

"Which was fine with you," I said.

"Yeah. Well you know how I can't swallow and all."

"Yes, I know," I fed her the finger I had just taken out of her sodden pussy and she eagerly sucked it clean. I sent that finger and another back inside her. 

"Go on," I murmured into her ear before biting the lobe.

"Mmmm, well sometimes there were three women there and three men. Me, Celeste and this heavy woman, I think her name was Christy. She was really fat, at least 300 pounds, maybe more."

"Who was the other Shawn?"

"Christy's boyfriend? I never knew his name."

"You go down on ... Christy?"

"I can't get into fat people, especially fat ladies."

"And who was the other Shawn?"

"Umm, I only know him as Charlie. I never seen him around. And it's a small town, you know?"

I decided to change course with my questions. "So tell me, what was the wildest sex scene you ever participated in?"

"I really want you in me, baby," she whined. "I'm sooo fuckin' horny, you know?"

"Answer my questions and I'll screw your brains out."

"You promise?"

"I promise." To prove the point I began fingering her at a much faster pace. She was grunting happily as she resumed talking.

"My wildest bit was the time they doubled me."

"They?"

"Mmmm, oh, fuck! That's good!"

A moment passed as I let her absorb her mini orgasm then I reminded her that she'd left off her story.

"Mmm, oh, yeah ... well Mr. Gallagher and Charlie told Celeste they had a surprise for her." She laughed, "It was me!"

I sent an exploratory finger into her ass. It went in easily enough, with Kat yelped like she'd been goosed. 

"I like that," she laughed. I love it up the ass."

"You were saying about..."

"Oh, yeah, well I was riding Charlie while Celeste was blowin' her husband. That's when Mr. Gallagher and him told her about the surprise. She took him from her mouth and said, 'What surprise?'"

"This one," he says, and climbs up on the bed, grabs me from behind, spreads my cheeks and slides that hard cock right in. Charlie just stayed still until Mr. Gallagher got going. Jesus, he was rock hard from Celeste sucking him off. Damn, it felt so friggin' good. They worked it so one pumped me then rested and the other pumped me. After a while they got to going at me together, you know? I know they could feel each other while they are in me. I should tell you that I didn't know what they were going to do until they did it. But I can't remember ever being that excited, you know?"

I nodded and told her to keep going.

"The only thing that might have made it better would have been another cock for my mouth. But you can't have everything."

"Sometimes less is better,' I said philosophically.

"I gotta tell you, I love it up the ass! Oh, I forgot. After both guys came in me, Celeste insisted on eating me out. I mean she cleaned out my pussy and my ass. Totally awesome!"

"I bet it was."

"Now you gonna fuck my brains out?'

"Of course I am, baby. Of course I am."

And I did. 

Afterward we discussed how I might fit in with her 'Playtime.'

After I told her I was certainly agreeable to meet with the Gallagher's Kat made a phone call, during which I heard my sexual capabilities praised to high heaven. Then I spoke with Mrs. Gallagher ("Oh, do call me Celeste!") and agreed to meet with them and Kat the following night.

________________________________________

"You're really going?" Kat whispered after hanging up the phone.

"Of course."

"Gawd, that makes me feel ... a bit kinky." 

"I'm shocked, shocked I say! How can a sweet young thing like you even admit to that?"

She dug her fingers into my ribs.

"I'm serious. I like doing it when someone can see me," she rasped, looking into my eyes.

"I know that. After all, look at how we met."

She rubbed her belly against me. "Does that turn you on?"

"Yes."

"You're not hard."

"I will be, just give me time."

Her lips nibbled across my cheek. Her breath warm against my skin.

"You're teasing me, aren't you? You're having fun at my expense."

"This isn't costing you a cent, Kat. But we should savor the moment."

"Yes. Savoring is a good word. I'm going to savor you," Kat whispered obscenely.

"I'm going to savor your sweet silky cock."

I laughed at her comment and bent to her breast and the rubbery berry that topped it off. She sighed then shivered as I licked and sucked and blew cool air on her skin.

I cupped her tiny so hot crotch. Her hips surged against me, distracting her from mouth nipping at her nips.

I left her oh so sweet nub and headed south.

"Yiee," she screamed softly and clamped her thighs around my neck driving my chin into the bed between her legs. My tongue, a wild thing at the moment, found her molten core. I pivoted over her, wanting her mouth on me. She turned her face away and I stroked her forehead and cheek with my dick trying to find her mouth. She shook her head back and forth.

"Suck me. Suck it ... My clit."

Her belly muscles twitched then twanged.

"Ah, ahh, ahhh, I'm..." Her belly rippled like a horse's flank shaking off flies.

"Ah, ahh, ahhh ... THERE!" she groaned and collapsed into the bed. Her thighs split, releasing my head.
