 After weeks of him constantly hounding her, she had decided to give in to what he wanted. It was what she wanted to, she just kept trying to convince herself she didn't want it, but she was here now. Too late to turn around and terrified that he would reject her now, she knocked on the door. She was about to turn and run back to the car when he answered the door. There he stood, with a triumphant look upon his face. He won. A smile slowly came across his face as he reached out a hand, she took his hand and took a deep breath and said to herself, "I can do this... maybe". 

He pulled her into him and just held her for a moment, breathing in her scent. Her perfume was intoxicating, it was all he could to do to keep from tearing her clothes off and having his way right then, but he wanted to draw this out, enjoy it for as long as he could. He held her out at arm's length to get a good look at her. She had changed her hair color, it was now an auburn color, but still the same length he remembered. She still had the same piercing green eyes that had the same hunger in them as they did long ago. She wasn't the naïve girl she had been, she was now seasoned with life's experiences. It didn't stop her from trembling with anticipation and a little fear he would still reject her. Her body had changed, life and children changed the shape of her body, but she was still captured his attention. She still had the curves he remembered, in all the right places. He was dying to see what she looked like under her clothes, but he didn't want to rush her.

While he was checking her out, she was checking him out. Looking up at him, thinking he's a lot taller than she remembered. He'd just gotten out of the shower and his honey blonde hair was still wet, curling at the base of his neck, just as she remembered it always had done. Her breath caught in her throat when she got to his steely blue eyes. They were intense and inviting all at the same time, with a playful glint in them. She knew she was in for it. She remembered how to breathe and continued to look at him. She looked at his big hands with anticipation for where they would be in a few moments. She looked down and saw that he was beginning to bulge out. Her breath caught in her throat again, she quickly brought her eyes back up to his. He laughed at her and drew her in for a long awaited kiss. 

The kiss was more intense than either of them had anticipated. Without breaking away from her mouth, he pulled her in and kicked the door shut. Once inside they were both fumbling with each other clothes, not wanting to be the first to pull away from the others lips. They made their way into the living room, leaving a trail of clothes behind them. He broke away first to take her shirt off and his. He pushed her onto the couch where he laid on top of her. He kissed her again then, made his way over to her earlobe, nibbling lightly. She moaned when he kissed her just under her jaw. He started moving slowly, so painfully slowly, to the other side of her neck, stopping just to nibble on the other earlobe. She was squirming below him, trying to desperately get him out of his jeans. He smiled and kissed his way down to her breasts.

She still had her black lace bra on which he teased her nipples through. He pulled back the cups and held her breasts. He lightly flicked his thumbs over her hard nipples. This produced a guttural groan from her as she arched her back up to him. He leaned in to suck teasingly on one; she wrapped her legs around him. He bit gently then took it in his mouth and sucked hard. How could he know that she loved this? How was she going to survive this? He moved over to the other breast being more confident in what she really wanted. She was ready for him to take her, but he wasn't ready. He needed to explore her more.

He unbuttoned and moved the zipper down slowly while she tried not to squirm under him. He pulled her jeans off and paused to look at her. She flushed red and tried to hide herself, she was embarrassed by her battle scars. He brushed her hands away and kissed her belly. She tried to get up at that point and he just stared at her, shaking his head no. She laid back and tried to relax. She was wearing black lace panties. He kissed and licked his way down to them, never removing them, he kissed her hips. He moved his hands up and down her legs, discovering she was ticklish at the back of her knees. He decided he wanted to kiss this part and force her to be still. He worked his way slowly down her thighs; lifting her leg in the air he kissed the back of her knee. She bucked hard trying to get him away from tickling her anymore. He shook his head and kissed her there again. She held still as much as she could with a strangled giggle coming out. He kissed his way back to the black lace and the thing he wanted.

He stopped at the inside of her thighs, looked at her and smiled a devilish smile. He breathed in, she smelled of soap and a light musky scent of lust. As he leaned in he could feel the warmth coming off her. When his lips made contact, she grabbed the back of his head. He could feel the moisture coming through the lace, taste it on his tongue. She tasted sweet. She was squirming so badly that his tongue managed to slip past the fabric and made contact with her clit. She couldn't stop the scream that came out of her. He pushed the lace aside and licked her full on. She locked her legs and arched her hips up to him so he would have better access to please her. He swirled his tongue around her clit, sucking on it hard. She started grinding against his mouth working her way into the first orgasm quickly. 

She was so juicy; he kept licking her, not wanting her to crash down from her orgasm. She quickly came again in his mouth. This time it was a wet orgasm. He'd never had anyone do this before and was surprised. It tasted sweet. He tried to catch as much as he could in his mouth, quickly licking up as much as he could. He didn't want to stop but, she decided it was his turn. She pulled him up to her mouth and licked her juices off of his face. They rolled over so she was on top of him. She sucked on his bottom lip, biting lightly. Kissed his throat and licked his Adam's apple. This made him moan. Encouraged by that she slowly worked her way down his chest, pausing at each of his nipples to lick and bite them. She slowly kissed her way down his belly, pausing to unbutton his jeans and work the zipper over his swollen cock. 

She grabbed the band of his underwear and pulled them off with his jeans. She stared at him. He was fully erect and throbbing. Pre-cum was beginning to puddle on his stomach in anticipation. As she licked the pre-cum, he could feel her breasts touching his balls. This made him twitch. He moaned loudly as she kissed the head of his cock. She kissed lightly all over the shaft then took the head in her mouth. She didn't suck, just held it there swirling her tongue just under the head. He tried to buck his hips so she would take him farther in her mouth, but she held him still. Looking up through her lashes, she slowly took him in, sucking all the way down as far as she could. On her way up she kept sucking and hummed. He almost came in that moment. Once she got to the top she swirled her tongue around him again. She licked the back of the shaft all the way down to his balls. 

She lifted them gently and licked just under them. She couldn't stop him from bucking this time. She took one in her mouth, sucking and humming at the same time. This was a different sensation for him. He was close; she moved over to the other one and did the same sucking and humming. While she was working on his balls, she had his cock in her hand. Using the pre-cum as lube, she started stroking him slowly while squeezing gently. He grabbed her head and brought her mouth up to the tip and told her to swallow. He came in her mouth with such force. She never took her eyes off of his, swallowing his load. It was sweet and salty. After cleaning him up with her tongue, he pulled her up, into a hard kiss.

It didn't take long for him to get hard again. He removed all of the black lace that remained on her and led her to the bedroom. He laid her down on her back. He went straight between her legs. Apparently he wasn't the only one who enjoyed the blow job, she was soaking wet. He lay on top of her, kissed her deeply and inserted the head. He wanted to tease her. She tried raising her hips, he held them down. He rose up and watched her as he slowly inched his way in. After a couple inches, she begged him to go all the way in.

He smiled and kissed her again and slid all the way to the base. She moaned loudly in his mouth, which caused him to moan in hers. She raised her hips so he could go deeper. He started with a slow pace that drove her mad with impatience. She raised her hips to meet him with every stroke. They fit perfectly together. They picked up the pace in unison, greedily working their way to the ultimate release. He stopped before he could cum, she could feel him throbbing deep inside her. She told him to hold still. She started to grind against his hips; this gave her clit the attention it needed. She quickly met him on the verge of an orgasm. She squirted against him, causing him to cum inside of her. This orgasm was just as intense as the first one for both of them. 

He collapsed on top of her and just lay there for a while, but neither of them was done with the other. He grabbed her hand and led her to the bathroom. There was a huge shower with a padded bench; hand rails placed strategically throughout the stall; two detachable shower heads on either end of the stall and a huge rain head in the middle. Once he had the water temperature nice and hot, he led her into the shower. He grabbed a white bath sponge, loaded it with a body wash that smelled like cherries and vanilla, and started to scrub her body gently. He started with her back, rubbing circles from her neck to the lower part of her back. His touch was electric on her skin, she tingled everywhere his fingers grazed her. She held her breath as he soaped up her ass and pressed himself against her. It didn't take too long to figure out he was ready for another round. He rubbed his cock in her crack; she arched her back, making her ass stick out farther so he could rub himself better. He grabbed her hips and pulled her tight against him and rubbed harder. He was so close. He stopped and scrubbed her legs, tickling the backs of her knees, making her squeal. He turned her around and started at her shoulders making the same circles he had with her back. He went very lightly over her breasts, teasing both of her hard nipples with the coarseness of the sponge. He continued making the light circles down her stomach and across her hips. He paid special attention to her thighs, watching her tremble the closer he got to her pussy. He just grazed the outer lips and she almost fell on him.

He grabbed one of the detachable shower heads and set it to a pulse pattern to rinse her off with. The hot water beating on her back helped to relieve the remaining tension and nervousness she had left. He turned her slowly to make sure all of the soap was coming off nicely, sat her down on the bench and told her to spread her legs. He brought the water across her chest, pausing on each breast. The water was like a warm tongue constantly lapping at her nipples. He moved the shower head down between her legs. It instantly sent shivers up her spine. Each pulse sent her closer to the edge, until she could no longer hold back and went screaming over. 

Once she was able to compose herself; she decided to take advantage of the fact that he was still hard and the well placed handles. She ordered him to sit down on the bench. She stood up on the bench over him and slowly lowered herself down until he was completely inside of her. Grabbing the handles, she leaned back so he would be deep inside of her. As she began to grind against his hips, he grabbed her hips and helped hold her against him. She could see he was getting close and decided he couldn't cum yet. She raised her hips so that just the head was still inside of her. She fucked just the head then, slammed down to the hilt, grinding when he was deep inside of her. It only took a few hard strokes before he came. 

She noticed the time and knew she'd have to be back home soon. After another hard kiss, she dressed quickly and headed back to her life. This was one afternoon she will never forget...