 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue

2:00am, Friday, May 12th. 

The dream seemed very real. I was at the home of University President Wellman, and I was fucking Vicki Oldeeds from behind, thrusting into her with deep, brutal strokes. I was feeling the wetness of her violated vagina as I drove into Vicki again and again and again...

Then I realized it was more than a dream... it was a memory. I was reliving the moment where I had raped Vicki Oldeeds. (Author's note: Case of the Executed Evangelist, Ch. 04. Readers may want to re-read all of that story as well as 'A Case of Revenge'.) I was dreaming in the most explicit terms of how her cunt had felt as I had slammed into her, the wetness, and the heat, the feel of her hips as my hands gripped them. It seemed so real...

And then, in the blink of an eye, it all changed. I was in my bed at the Mountain Nest, the only light coming through the window, casting everything in an eerie, bluish hue. And when I looked down, feeling the magnificent ass pushing into my groin as I sank deep into her cuntal wetness... was Angela Harlan.

"Ohhhh, Commannndderrrrrrr..." Angela purred, looking over her right shoulder at me, her mane of black hair flowing down over her left shoulder. "Oh yes, that is so good! Fuck me, you bastard!"

I was gripping her hips, pulling her to me as I thrust hard into her, my body seemingly on autopilot, my hips and ass driving my throbbing hard meat into her until my balls slapped her labes.

"Fuck me like you always wanted to, you fucking stud!" Angela hissed. Then she said "You'll see the answer to the code when you come inside me..."

"You fucking bitch!" I heard myself gasp. "Take it, you bitch!" I was pounding away at the pussy in front of me, feeling my nut rise and a huge climax overtaking me. The bluish light turned gray.

Angela collapsed to the bed and was lying flat on her belly, and I'd followed her down, my cock still buried as far as I could get it into her cunt. As the thick wads of my semen violently spurted into her cunt, I heard her say "The photo... the photo..."

And then, I was awake. The room was dark, but in color now. Underneath me was my wife Laura. I had just filled her wonderful pussy with my huge load. We were both gasping. I kissed her temple above her right ear as she said. "God, darling, that was soooo good!"

I eased off of Laura and rolled onto my back, which hurt as I twisted my spine too fast. She eased herself up over me and kissed me on the mouth, which turned into a long, deep, tongue twining kiss.

"How's your back?" my wife asked.

"Seems okay, for the moment." I said, willing the pain to go away. That became unnecessary, however, as Laura positioned herself over me and took my half-hard, cum-slimy cock into her warm, wet mouth, fellating me as she cleaned up the frothy mess left by our coupled loins. Then I was shocked to feel my cock getting hard as she sucked it.

"Did you slip me a gray viagra?" I asked. Laura stopped sucking me and turned to look back at me.

"No, you took it yourself before we went to bed." she said. Now I remembered having done so... but it was too late. Laura was getting off the bed, and getting a kit to take blood from me. Once that was done, she expertly used her mouth to get me hard again, then straddled me and fit my cock into her cum-filled pussy. We began grinding into each other, 'bumping uglies' as we fucked passionately. I sucked my wife's tits, draining one of her udders of milk as she groaned in orgasm, twice...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 4:30am, I woke up, as I usually did. As I sat up, I realized I was alone in my bed. As I got up, I saw that Laura was not in the bathroom, which was a good thing because I had to do my business.

After completing the three 'S's, I came back into the bedroom to find that Laura had not returned to the bedroom. I got dressed, then went out into the hallway and looked in Carole's room; she was sleeping peacefully, but Bowser was not in his basket. A check on little Jim found him sleeping, and Buddy looking up at me as I looked in.

I went downstairs and saw the light on in the little office space down the hall from the den. Looking in, I saw Laura at the desk, working on the computer. She was wearing a tight, form-fitting white tee-shirt and black short-shorts. Despite the tremendous climaxes I'd enjoyed a couple of hours before, I felt my loins stirring as I became aroused at the sight of my gorgeous wife.

"Hey, baby." I said, coming into the room. Bowser looked up at me from the far end of the room; he'd been keeping my wife company. "Everything okay?"

"I couldn't get back to sleep." Laura said. "So I came down to do some work. I told the CIA Director that I was going to start looking again into the death of our agent Mike from some time ago. Ever since we've found those links to the Oldeeds Group, and with you working on the Sharples code, I'm going to see what I can do to get Vicky Oldeeds for murdering Mike."

"I don't blame you a bit." I said. "Anything so far?"

"Casey B. Walker was hiding some information from me about it... hiding it from the whole Company, really." Laura said. "Jody Corrigan was covering up the murder, and I've finally gotten access to some of that information. Mike had found and documented some possible links to the child trafficking, but they're cold now."

"Even cold links can lead to warmer links." I said. "Okay, I perceive that someone has business to do: Bowser! do you need to go out?"

Bowser quickly got up and started walking out of the room and down the hallway towards the back door. Buddy was already at the back door, patiently waiting. As I took them outside to do their business, I wondered to myself just who had who fully trained, here..."

Part 2 - Wins and Losses

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded MILF reporterette at 7:00am, Friday, May 12th. "Channel Two News has learned that some Republicans in the State Legislature have joined Democrats in calling for an investigation of Governor Val Jared and his spending of your tax dollars on law enforcement activities cracking down on hardworking immigrant families!"

"State Representative Wilson Hammonds, Chairman of the powerful State House Ways & Means Committee, has said he has 'deep concerns' about Governor Jared's efforts to crack down on 'undocumented workers', worrying that the Governor's actions will cause minorities to blame all Republicans. Chairman Hammonds is calling for a State House Select Panel to investigate Governor Jared."

"State Representatives Johnny Purdue and our own representative, William C. 'Billy' Williams, issued a statement of condemnation of Chairman Hammonds, citing his actions were treason to the Republican Party, that there is no evidence at all of any wrongdoing by the Governor, and that the Governor is correctly following current law in arresting what they call 'Illegal Persons'. Many of their Republican colleagues openly condemned Mr. Purdue and Mr. Williams for their statement, saying that Republicans should be united behind Chairman Hammonds's message."

Bettina then said "And now let's go to Nick Eastwood for a big Sports announcement! Nick!"

"Thank you, Bettina!" said the handsome young blonde man. "The Conference Spring Meetings got underway yesterday, and they've announced that sufficient arrangements have been made to allow Eastern State, in the town of Sparta in the State to our east, to play a full Conference football schedule. Eastern State's first game will be no easy task, as they will come here to play our top-ranked Bulldogs at University Memorial Stadium."

"Also," said Nick, "the idea of the Wildcats and Bulldogs playing at a neutral site has been tabled for the time being. With our stadium holding 93,000 people and the Wildcats home stadium holding 96,000 fans, there is no real financial incentive for the schools to consider playing at a neutral site, nor is there the tradition of Georgia playing Florida at Jacksonville or Oklahoma playing Texas at Dallas every year. The Conference was hoping to persuade the Schools to consider the neutral site, as it would bring in millions of dollars into the Conference's coffers, but at the expense of the two Schools themselves. Back to you, Bettina!"

"Thank you, Nick!" said Bettina. "And finally, the Reverend Robert Patterson has announced a speaking tour for this summer and fall. There is considerable question of whether it will be under the auspices of the Oldeeds Ministries, which has been locked up in legal entanglements since the death of the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds at the Fairgrounds here in Town four years ago, one of the few cases Commander Donald Troy has been unable to solve..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Oh, that will be so great, if the Reverend Patterson would come speak here!" squealed Joanne Warner as we listened and drank coffee in MCD. "He's such a great speaker, and his messages are always inspiring!" 

Cindy beat me to the reply. "I seem to recall" said the Green Crowbar, "that the Reverend Patterson was supposed to show up at First Baptist Church last June 22d. He didn't show up, but 2000 people did... and they almost died."

"And thanks to the Green Crowbar, Sergeant Rudistan, and two little boys, they did not die." I replied.

"I am reminded of Chief Griswold's comment on 'modesty', Commander." Cindy loudly replied. "Particularly regarding your own involvement in saving their lives." She knew I'd pressed the button.

"Too bad the Wildcats and Bulldogs decided to keep it home-and-home." said Sergeant Rudistan, now a regular at our coffee klatches. "That's the toughest game of the year on the Police Force, even when it's an away game."

"Suck it up, Princess." I said. "We handle it as well as we handle the other home games."

"Micah," said Cindy, "it's going to be much easier this year. It's an away game, and the Bulldogs are going to mow the grass with the Wildcats' teeth this year."

Theo and I just looked at each other, then I said "That is some extreme confidence, Captain Ross. But I understand. I understand. And I'd say the Bulldogs have a better chance of beating the Wildcats than you do of winning the Police Boxing Matches. I've already told you: the red crowbar and Aikido will shut you down, and shut you up." I held up the mentioned crowbar as I spoke.

Howls and laughter erupted throughout the room as Cindy just stared and glared at me.

"We'll see about that." said Cindy. "You're not taking that red crowbar into the ring against me nor anyone else. The Chief would shut you down, and it would be... ugly." Okay, she was entitled to that much of a reply, I thought to myself, as more howls erupted through the room.

"Indeed I would have to shut the Iron Crowbar down if he did something as silly as getting into the ring with his back not fully re-COV-errrrred." said the Chief, coming into the room. "I prefer my Police Commanders walking upright and brilliantly solving cases. Relatively speaking, the Boxing Matches are a 'small' thing in comparison."

I wasn't sure that was true for some people, but I just let it go and refilled my coffee cup, and the Chief's.

"Mr. Crowbar," said the Chief, "when you are done extolling the Power of the Red Crowbar, please come to my office." Of course the red crowbar and I followed him to his office immediately.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Shortly after shift change at 8:00am, my assistant Helena buzzed me that I had visitors. I had her allow in Captain Ross and Lt. Wes 'Coldiron' Masters. I bade them to take seats in the hot chairs.

"I have good news and bad news, sir." said Coldiron as he handed me a slip of paper. It was his resignation from the Town & County Police Force, effective June 1st. This explained why he did not enter the Police Boxing Matches, fer sure.

I shook my head. "Well, well, well." I said, struggling to get out of my chair, my back screaming in protest. "Man leaves Midtown, we take him in, he's busting ass in Vice..." I said as I came around the desk. "And now he's walking away from us. The only thing I can say is... congratulations, Captain!" I extended my hand. "City I.A. needs you, for damn sure."

"How...? Did the Chief tell you?" Coldiron asked as he shook my hand. I nodded.

"Some time ago, in fact." I said. "And I won't admit that it was me that gave that excellent reference to the City Police Commissioner. It wasn't nearly as flowery as the Chief's commendation, though."

"Thank you, sir." said Coldiron. "Believe me, I would not be leaving if it weren't for this huge opportunity with them."

"Internal Affairs is where you need to be." I said. "And cleaning up the City Police is 'draining the swamp' like almost no other job outside Washington, D.C. If there's anything we can do to help, give us a call."

"I will, sir." said Coldiron.

"Any recommendations for your replacement?" asked Cindy as I went back behind my desk and picked up a box from its perch next to the matchstick Trojan Horse on the bookcase.

"I don't know, ma'am." said Masters. "Chris Purvis is a good Officer, but I don't know if he's ready to lead others. Grubby Paul is good in the field, but put him behind a desk?... Geiger? well, he's Geiger." We nodded; Geiger was okay, but nothing exceptional, and he had been all too willing to work with Captain Malone and Steven Ikea back in the day. Stains like that almost never leave.

"So maybe someone from outside." continued Coldiron. "Lt. Irwin from Precinct 1 has some experience in Vice."

"We'll consider that." I said. "Meanwhile, here's a parting gift from me in appreciation for your excellent work for me." I handed him the box.

He opened it to find a Tilley Hat, similar to mine but a slightly different style... with Airborne wings attached to the top. For the first time within my sight, 'Coldiron' Masters looked truly surprised.

"Yes." I said. "I know. And no matter what happened in the Army, you should always show pride at being a United States Paratrooper. And no matter what anyone says, I know you have the integrity to not only work in City I.A., but to work again with me and Captain Ross at any time." 

Coldiron had never admitted he'd gone through Airborne School, like many young Army Officers do. And despite the injustices done to him and his military career, he exceeded the standard required to wear the Parachutist Badge with pride. I might be biased in my thoughts about that, of course.

"You're right, sir." he said, standing up and shaking my hand. "All the way and then some, sir." 

"Airborne!" I replied. "Okay, you've got some vacation coming before your official last day of May 31st. Take it all, you've earned it. Captain Ross, pick this man's brain before he gets away from us."

"I will." said Cindy. I shook hands with Masters one more time, thanking him for his service, and dismissed him and Cindy.

As I sat down, I contemplated what we were going to do about Vice. But no matter what we did... Cindy Ross's job just got a lot harder.

Part 3 - Codes and Conspiracies

At 10:30am, I was working on the Sharples code, the blocks of letters in the epistle he'd sent me, which also were found in Braille in Tim Burris's safe room, when Cindy came in.

"So," I said as she sat down in a hot chair rather than on the sofa, "you put out an email about Coldiron leaving?"

"Yes." she said. "I was just going to tell Vice, but rumors were already starting up, so I just nipped all that in the bud and sent the email."

"Good." I said. "That was the right thing to do, and you were the right person to do it."

"Sir, what are we going to do to replace Coldiron?" Cindy asked. I sat back in my Command Chair, letting the lumbar support help the 'girdle' take pressure off my back.

"That is, of course, your immediate problem, Captain." I said with a half-grin. "What do you want to do about it?"

"I want to apologize for not being prepared for this." said Cindy. "I should've had a contingency plan. Having said that, I did spend the last half hour in consultation with the previous Vice Lieutenant." That was Teresa Croyle, of course.

"She said that while she was Vice Lieutenant," Cindy continued, "she was hoping someone would rise up and assert themselves, and show leadership. But Geiger was always a puppy dog, and apologies for the insult to Bowser and Buddy; Grubby Paul doesn't know what 'paperwork' means, much less is; he never gets his own paperwork done, so I have no hopes for him getting all of Vice's paperwork done." I nodded in emphatic understanding; it had once taken the Police Commander telling Detective Grubby Paul that he would not be getting paid until his paperwork was caught up to get him to do it.

Cindy went on: "Chris Purvis is pretty good with financial crimes, and might be considered as the next person to go to MCD. McGhillie is also getting up to speed on white-collar crimes, so that could free up Purvis. But the question is if Purvis is Lieutenant-grade? I'd say no; Teresa agrees. And neither McGhillie nor anyone else is anywhere near experienced enough."

Cindy continued. "Teresa did tell me that if you really want to consider Lt. Irwin, she'll let you talk to him and it'll be his choice. But she doesn't want to lose him, and I personally don't think he'll switch."

"Me neither." I said. "He took the Precinct Lieutenant position because she was becoming the Captain of Operations. He's very loyal to her, as are the Spec Ops people. Speaking of them, what about Charles, or Hewitt?"

"Hewitt has that negative action on his record." Cindy said. (Author's Note: 'Case of the Black Widow') "And I'd say Charles would be great... if he'd spent any amount of time in Vice. But he hasn't."

"So we may have to go outside to find a replacement?" I asked.

"I'd rather have someone from the inside," said Cindy, "but I would look at really good candidates from the outside. Obviously Molly can't work for me nor you, but maybe she knows some people that might be a good fit."

"Yeah, talk to her. And you can talk to the Chief directly about it instead of going through me." I said. "He might have some ideas, too."

"So if you knew Masters was leaving," Cindy said, "why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't know, for sure, until the Chief told me this morning." I said. "The Chief told me some time ago that Wes was being considered for the City I.A. job, along with other people. They contacted Molly, but she politely turned them down flat." 

"She told me that." said Cindy. "I should've realized they might talk to Coldiron, too."

"Coldiron has the integrity for the job." I said. "When they came to me for a reference, I gave the best one I could possibly give, and then embellished it some more. I thought they might come to you for a reference, but they if they did, I never heard about it."

"No, they didn't." said Cindy. "I wish they had; I could have started thinking about his replacement long before now." I knew that was a veiled and indirect criticism of me. I didn't say that I didn't tell Cindy because this was a 'teachable moment', and because now she would have to think fast and act fast... and probably get a better result in doing so. And besides... Cindy is going to complain that I don't tell her stuff, anyway. Might as well let it be true one time...
