 This story is fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental. Copyright (c) 2019.

*

Back in the early 80s on my 21st birthday, I booked a room at one of the casino hotels in downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. I had never been to Vegas, and when I arrived, the city's main drag looked much like an explosion of color had happened. The neon lights and marquees with famous names were beacons in the night, drawing gamblers in like a bug zapper does on your back porch. Is there irony in the thought that casinos are wallet zappers?

My stay in Las Vegas was uneventful, except for the part where I was watching a Texas oilman, or so I thought, throw a wad of $100 bills on the crap table saying: "Spread it out as you like" to the craps table workers. They scurried about placing changing bills for chips and placing bets. There I was, gambling with $20 like it was my life savings, and here is this guy throwing-notes around like it was monopoly money. It was like he was a plot distraction in a cheap movie. The man was well into middle age, barrel-chested, smoking a cigar, wearing an expensive suit, and ten-gallon cowboy hat. The blonde was full figured and on the younger side of 30 years old. She was wearing a white evening gown with cleavage down to her navel and a slit up the side to her waist. Diamonds were everywhere, and she looked like she was ready to make a television commercial for some woman's perfume company. Her attitude was very much like Michelle Pfeifer's in Scarface. She looked bored to death. I was learning how to play craps at the time, and I don't remember whether the oilman won or lost because my eyes were glued to the chest of the blonde. Proof positive that if the wallet is fat enough, a woman will get with anyone.

On the way back to California, my little Datsun pick-up truck broke down on the side of the road a few miles from the town of Yermo. This happened long before cellular telephones or roadside phones. Today, California has emergency telephones every half-mile along the freeway for this reason. Back then, you were lucky if someone nice would come along and help. The night was coming fast as the late summer sun started to set below the western horizon in front of me. The sunset was beautiful, but I was stranded, and I started walking along the freeway, toward the small collection of buildings about two miles ahead. Cars and trucks whizzed by me too close, so I moved off the side of the road and down near the border fence. The going was difficult because I had to step over road debris and small bushes. In the dim light ahead of me of a few yards away, I saw what looked like a rubber hose laying across the dirt. As I approached, what I thought was a hose, moved and coiled into a circle. I heard the distinct sizzle sound of the Western Diamond Back Rattle Snake. The noise scared me half to death. Standing like a statue in the darkening twilight for a moment, I could barely see the snake slither away under a bush. The roadside didn't seem quite as risky as walking in the dirt now.

After what seemed like two hours of walking, I happened upon an offramp and noticed a small cafe's "OPEN" sign flashing in the night. The sign over the building said: Pete's Place." Pushing the door open and walking inside, I noticed the cafe was empty except for me, an older couple drinking coffee, the waitress, and most likely the cook in the kitchen. I could hear music playing in the back and a male voice singing along with the radio.

I sat at a booth along the front windows. Man, it feels good to sit down and take a load off when you've been walking for a long time with no rest.

The waitress came to my table, greeted me with a friendly smile.

"Good evening. What can I get you to drink?"

"Coke, Pepsi, cola, whatever you have, please, make it a large."

It only took a moment or two as the waitress returned with a large Coke. My legs were aching, so I stretched them out to beneath the seat on the other side of the table. My posture was slouching when she set the Coke in front of me. I saw upright as my mother taught me. Handing me a menu, the waitress said:

"Would you like something to eat? The kitchen will be closing soon, and the cook wants to get started cleaning the grill. "

"No thank you, I ate a couple of hours ago. Will you be closing up soon?"

"Yeah, weeknights are slow here, so we close at 7:00."

I dropped my chin to my chest and sighed in exasperation.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

"Can you tell me if there is a car repair garage or gas station nearby? My truck broke down a couple of miles back."

"Sorry, there won't be anything open until morning. We roll up the sidewalk when it gets dark here."

"Can you tell me if there is a hotel or motel nearby where I can get a room for the night?" I asked.

"No luck there either. The nearest place to stay is in Barstow."

"Damn!"

Barstow is another 13-miles in the distance. I sat alone for a while thinking about my dilemma and went to the restroom. After I washed my hands and was starting to exit the toilet I heard screaming the waitress screaming.

"OPEN THE REGISTER BITCH!"

I heard the cash drawer opened with a ding as I slowly made my way to the dining room. Crouching low and being very quiet, I peeked around the corner and saw a small man with his hand in his coat pocket and pointing a gun at the waitress pulling cash from the drawer. She was crying uncontrollably. Looking around the dining room, I saw there was nobody else present. Without thinking, I sprinted toward the robber, and blindside tackled him. I hit him mid-body, and we flew together a few feet before landing on the tile floor with me on top. When we hit the floor, the weight of my body along with my long arms and legs pinned the robber to the floor. I grabbed his left arm and pulled it around his back pushing upward with my left hand. My right hand reached and found his right wrist. The robber's hand was still in his coat pocket.

"CALL THE COPS!" I yelled.

The waitress was melting away when the cook came rushing in with a huge meat cleaver raised over his head. He saw me on the ground with the robber, and I told him to get the gun. The cook saw my right hand pulling the robber's hand out from his coat pocket. He didn't have a gun.

"SON OF A BITCH! This asshole was trying to rob you with his finger. What an idiot."

The robber was screaming to let him go but I kept the pressure on. The cook walked to the phone on the wall and called the cops. After what seemed like an hour, a California Highway Patrol officer came into the cafe with her gun pointed at both of us. She realized I had the robber subdued and holstered her weapon. The cook told her the story as she handcuffed the man.

I let go of the robber as she led the robber to her patrol unit outside. As she was walking out, a deputy sheriff came in. He took our statements, and I asked him about my truck. He told me he would have a tow truck bring it to the cafe and leave it there for the night. He shook my hand and then went back on duty.

The cook pulled down the shades in the front windows, locked the front door, and turned to "open" sign off. He introduced himself to me shaking my hand vigorously.

"I can't thank you enough. I don't know what would have happened if you weren't here. I'm Pete, and this is my place."

The adrenaline in my body had me pumped. I was hot, sore, and angry as I shook Pete's hand.

"Thanks," I said. "I'm Richard Ledbetter."

"Well, Richard, I sure am glad to meet you. Care for a beer? I have a couple of cold ones in the icebox."

I nodded yes and watched Pete go into the kitchen. In all the excitement I forgot about the waitress. Soft crying came from around the corner where the bathrooms are. I followed the noise and saw her curled up in a ball on her feet rocking back and forth with her arms around her knees. She looked like she was about to hit the water doing a cannonball dive. Placing my hand on her shoulder and bending over at the waist, I said:

"Hey, are you alright? Did he hurt you?"

She sprang to her feet nearly colliding with me as she stood. Her arms flew around me, and she started kissing my face. She stopped kissing and hugged me tightly. Her arms were around my back, her head was on my chest, and her body was trembling. We stood for a moment together before I started walking her into the dining room to sit at one of the tables.

Guiding her to a chair so she could sit down, she wouldn't let go of me. I had her sit on my lap until she calmed down. The waitress had her arms around me still in a death grip.

The cook came out from the kitchen and walked over to where we were sitting with two bottles of Mexican beer and said:

"Jesus, I forgot all about her. Jessica, are you alright?"

She nodded her head, looked up at me, and smiled through her tear-stained makeup at me. Jessica was still trembling. She was going into shock. I told Pete to get a blanket or coat or something to keep her warm. The psychological trauma of the robbery attempt was causing her to shut down. Jessica's chattering teeth and body tremors were getting more pronounced.

Pete brought a blanket from the office in the back of the cafe and wrapped it around Jessica's back. She leaned back enough for me to swaddle her as I kept my arms around her to keep her from falling.

"Can I have some of your beer?" She asked.

Jessica reached her arm through the opening in the blanket and chugged a couple of gulps of beer. Half of the beer was gone when she handed it back to me. After a few minutes she started to calm down, and I could feel her start to warm up. As she silently sat on my lap while Pete and I talked, Jessica lowered the blanket from her shoulders and finished off my beer. While Pete was on the phone talking to his wife, I asked Jessica if there was someone she needed to call too. She told me she lives alone and has no family nearby. Pete came back to the table and asked if we were okay. He said he needed to go home to his wife and kids. Pete asked Jessica to lock-up when she leaves and to take the next two days off to rest.

Although Jessica was a petite woman, her weight began to cause my legs to go to sleep. She stood up at my wiggling and sat in the chair next to me with the blanket still wrapped around her.

"You saved my life." She said.

"No, I didn't. The man didn't have a gun. He was pointing his finger at you."

"Nonetheless, you are my hero. When I saw you fly through the air and knock him to the ground, I couldn't believe my eyes. Whoosh! You flew through the air like Superman."

I could see Jessica's eyes light up as she relived the incident. A smile returned to her face as we sat. We talked for about an hour getting to know one another when I heard the noise of the tow truck's air brakes outside. The whine of the hydraulic pump lowering my little pick-up to the parking lot in front of the cafe was satisfying knowing my vehicle was now safe. Hearing the tow truck reminded Jessica of my dilemma.

"Oh my God, I just realized what time it is, and you have no place to stay."

"If you don't mind, I can stretch out here in the cafe in one of the booths."

"You'll do no such thing. You're coming home with me, and I won't take no for an answer."

Jessica dropped the blanket and went into the "robust woman" mode. She was ordering me around like a drill sergeant at boot camp. All I could do was follow behind her. We locked up the cafe and went to her car out back. The drive to her place was a bit bumpy. She lives out in the desert off the beaten path. The dirt road to her house is like a washboard with ribs that rattle your eye-teeth. My back was starting to hurt from tackling the robber and from the potholes in the dirt road.

The road ended at the gate to her property. The sign over the entrance said: "Swinging Star Ranch." I opened the gates for her to drive through and shut them behind us. The house was another 1,000 feet or so ahead. We pulled up in front of her home and got out.

I looked around and saw the freeway was about five miles away. It was silent where she lives. The warm air carried the scent of sagebrush, and I could hear an owl in a nearby Acacia tree screeching. Jessica opened the door to the modest ranch-style home and invited me inside. She instructed me to sit on the leather sofa while she fixed us a drink in the kitchen.

"Do you want something to eat? I can fix you a sandwich or cold chicken if you like."

"That would be nice. Thank you."

In a few minutes, Jessica brought a couple of plates of cold fried chicken, potato salad, and two beers. She sat them on the coffee table, and we proceeded to enjoy the meal. I looked around the room and noticed a U.S. Marine Corps emblem in the corner of the mirror over the fireplace. There were pictures of a Marine on the mantle.

"Is that your husband?" I asked.

"Yes, he was killed in Viet Nam in '74."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

"Don't be. I'm long over it. We had a good life together while it lasted. He was set to come home, and two weeks before his orders came through, he was killed during a mortar attack on the airbase where he was at."

Looking around the room, I saw there was an ambiance of western culture. The furniture was old school cowboy leather and wood, a clock on the wall resembled a wagon wheel, and so on.

When we finished eating, Jessica brought another beer for us and sat right next to me on the sofa. Her body was warm as she leaned against me. I tried not to look, but you know us men our eyes always zero in on breasts. It must be some maternal thing. Jessica's bosom was inviting. I hadn't noticed that she had done so, but the top three buttons of her white uniform top were open.

"You know, I haven't given you a proper thank you for saving my life."

At that instant, she kissed me on the lips. At first, it was gentle. Our lips met briefly. Jessica pulled back a few inches, looked into my eyes, and then kissed me as she meant too. Hot, passionate, and with our tongues dancing, I was getting hard in my jeans. She reached her hand down and felt my cock through my jeans. Breaking the kiss, she stood up and pulled me toward her bedroom.

Walking behind her as she held my hand, I took stock of her figure. The waitress uniform barely covered her butt as she walked. Padding barefooted we walked into the bedroom, she let go of my hand and turned on the tableside lamp next to the king size bed. She turned toward me, and I watched as she opened the rest of the buttons on her uniform. Jessica had a look of lust in her eyes as the shirt dress dropped to her floor at her feet.

Standing before me in her bra and panties, I could see the dark patch of bush between her legs peeking out on the sides. Jessica walked toward me and started unbuttoning my shirt. I stood still with my arms to my side as this vision of beauty undressed me. Her hands pulled the shirt off my shoulders, and it too fell to the floor. Soft hands with delicate fingers wove their way through my chest hair. Looking down at her, I watched as she unfastened my belt, unbuttoned my jeans, and slid my underwear to the floor.

Jessica's face was mere inches away from my throbbing manhood. I was motionless as she placed her delicate hand around my tool and slowly stroked it.

I let out a soft moan as I watched her kiss the head of my cock. Jessica stretched the skin tight downward toward the base as she licked the underside of the shaft with her tongue. My eyes studied her expression as she lowered her mouth over me and took me inside. I could feel her tongue lapping as she bobbed her head up and down. In a matter of seconds, I could feel my ball sack tighten as I was about to cum. Pulling back from her, I lifted her and kissed her passionately.

Reaching around her back, I unfastened her bra. Jessica stepped back and dropped it to the floor. Together, we walked back toward the bed. She turned and pulled the sheets down while crawling in and lay on her back. I followed her, and on my stomach before her, I was ready to enjoy her love canal. She opened her legs and raised her hips so I could remove her panties.

The sight of her bush turned me on even more than the view of her naked tits. I could sense the warmth of her womanhood inches away. My lips were ready to indulge in her aroma and taste. Jessica's dark pubic hair glistened from her moisture in the light of the lamp. She was wet and ready as my tongue began to explore her nether region. I heard an audible gasp as I lapped up the beads of moisture from her hairy pussy. My hands parted the hairs giving me better access to her labia.

For the next 30-minutes or so, I made Jessica writhe in ecstasy. Her orgasms were loud as she raised her hips off the bed in a climax. She finally asked me to get inside her. My dick was rock hard as it slid inside her. She sharply inhaled as I filled her with my tool. I could feel her back wall when I bottomed out inside her. Looking straight into her eyes, I could see her mind reeling with pleasure. Like the gears of a transmission spinning together, Jessica's emotions were at full speed as she bucked under me as I thrust in and out of her body.

We fucked for a long time before I felt the need to cum. Quickening my pace, I started hammering Jessica's pussy with my cock. Our pelvic bones were banging together like a blacksmith hammering on a horseshoe. Our mutual orgasms built to a frenzy. She pulled me close, so I was laying on her chest as I pounded away. Her fingernails were making long scratch marks on my back. Jessica was marking me as hers. I heard her moan into my ear as I shot my load inside her. As each rope left my cock, I would pull back a bit and then slam hard inside her with the next pulse of cum. Jessica let out a yelp with each thrust. I pulled out as my dick shrank back to its' flaccid state. Both of us were heavily breathing as we enjoyed the afterglow of our sex. Sleep came quickly to both of us as we cuddled.

The morning sun woke me up. I came to consciousness realizing where I was and who was with me in bed. My arms wrapped under and around Jessica as I awoke. Nestling between her ass cheeks, I felt my morning wood pressed against her pussy. With only a slight movement of my hips, I felt my cock slip inside her.

Jessica was still moist from the night before, and I slid inside her with little resistance. Slow strokes felt so damn good as I tried not to awaken her. I couldn't tell if Jessica was still asleep or not as I stroked her pussy with my dick. Eventually, she did awaken placing her hands on mine as I tweaked her nipples. Soft moans of pleasure escaped from her mouth as she climbed the mountain. Our combined heat forced us to throw off the sheets. In doing so, I moved to be underneath her as she rode me cowgirl style. This position allowed her the deepest penetration. Jessica's hands gripped my chest hair as she moved her pelvis to meet my upward thrusts. Her eyes closed as she leaned her head backward. I felt as if my cock head was inside her womb. Whether it was or not is unimportant. The feeling was decadent as I shot my load inside her. We cuddled and fell back to sleep.

When I awoke the second time didn't realize Jessica was no longer in my arms. I got out of bed and took a shower. Meantime, Jessica had already taken her shower and was in the kitchen making breakfast. After we ate, we drove back to the cafe. The gas station garage was open, and the mechanic told me I needed a new battery. He installed the battery, and my truck was back to life again.

Inside the cafe, I said goodbye to Jessica. She asked me if I would ever see her again. I told her not likely as I didn't think long distance romances worked. The logistics are too much to overcome.

As I drove toward my home reminiscing about the day before, I learned something about myself. I learned that kindness given comes back in return. I still think about Jessica and wonder about how she is doing. Maybe I need to make another Vegas run.