 Entering her apartment, Jessica put her suitcase, purse and bag down on the kitchen floor. It was just before noon and the home was empty. Her husband Josh wouldn't be home for a few more hours. Kicking her heels off, she grabbed a glass of water from the dispenser and pulled her cell out of her purse. 

As she sunk in to the big sectional, she sent a text message to Josh. 

Home safe, see you soon J 

Josh's reply was surprisingly quick and her phone pinged loudly catching her off guard. 

Can't wait to get home. XOXO 

Sitting in the quiet of her apartment her mind traced back to her trip. Just last night she had let a man lick her and had given him head. What had she done? Her mind raced and guilt began to replace the excitement of making the biggest sale of her career to date. She had whored herself out to make a sale. 

Flopping on her side, her mind raced about what to say to Josh. Clearly this could and would never happen again. She was naive and would not let anyone else take advantage of her like that again. 

Her inner monolog broke, her voice echoed across the living room, "I have to tell Josh! He loves me, he will forgive me and we can move on." The guilt continued to eat at her as she thought of how she would tell him. It was the only option and the right thing to do. 

"What if he doesn't forgive me?" Her voice was beginning to crack. "What if he leaves me? I would deserve it and he would be right to leave me. He deserves so much better." 

Josh unlocked the apartment door and rushed in to the living room. To his disappointment Jessica was curled up in a ball fast asleep. Taking the crocheted blanket her mother had made for them, he gently covered her with it before quietly making them some dinner. 

Jessica awoke to a fragrant smell filling the apartment lifted her head slowly as her vision focused. There was Josh in the kitchen with his back to her cooking up a storm. As he turned, their eyes met and he immediately dropped the spoon in his hand and headed to her. 

She stood quickly and met him half way. His arms embraced her so tightly and she nuzzled her head in to his chest. His voice was excited, "You must have been tired sweety." 

Jessica raised her face to his and he took the queue and kissed her gently. She placed her hand on his head in hopes of holding him there forever and eliminating the need to ever tell him about what had transpired. 

"You must be hungry, go sit and I'll bring it out." His hand gestured to the table as he broke their embrace. Josh put the two plates of pasta down and returned with a small basket of garlic bread before taking his seat at the head of the table beside Jessica. 

Josh grabbed the bottle of cabernet and opened it. Slowly pouring wine in to Jessica's glass before filling his own. "Now I want you to tell me everything! Did you sell them stuff? Were you scared? I want to know every detail Jess!" 

Her mind focused on the first part and wondered if this was the time to tell him everything or not. "I did it!" She smiled and found her eyes looking down at her plate, "I sold the whole backup solution to them." 

"Shouldn't you look a lot more excited?" He was clearly puzzled. 

"I am excited. It's a big commission cheque that will be coming." Her eyes met his and the guilt began to fester in her stomach. 

Leaning over, Josh met her lips with a soft kiss, "That is terrific honey, absolutely great. I'm so proud of you. I know how bad you wanted it and look, you did it." He kissed her again before moving back in to his seat. 

Once dinner was cleared away, they retired to the couch. Josh's arms pulling her close and snuggling her before turning the television on. Jess curled in to him taking a fetal position with her head on his shoulder. 

"I love you Josh." She turned to look at him. 

"I love you too sweety." He kissed her lips. 

"Would you still love me if I did something really bad?" her eyes were very serious. 

"You mean like if you killed somebody?" He chuckled trying to lighten the mood. 

"Seriously Josh!" She broke her gaze. "I did something I'm not proud of and I need you to still love me." 

"What? What is it Jess? Of course I will still love you." His arms squeezed her tightly. "You can tell me anything, you know that." 

Jessica's mind replayed all the ways she could tell him and none of them seemed to fit, "I gave a guy head to make the sale." 

Josh choked in disbelief of what he heard "You what?" 

"You heard me Josh, I'm so sorry! It was a mistake and I need you to forgive me." Her eyes flicked up and down trying to read Josh. 

His arm was not squeezing her as tight that was for sure. He looked sick as the color drained from his face. "Did you fuck him Jess?" His mind had chosen anger to cope. 

"NO! I swear, just oral." Jess began to sob before finishing her sentence. 

"FUCK! What the fuck Jess!!" He stood and began to pace. "Who the fuck was it?" 

No longer able to make eye contact she mumbled her response, "My client." 

"That's fucking great. My wife goes and blows guys to make a sale. Doesn't that make you a whore Jess?" He screamed it out in hopes of getting some relief. 

"Please Josh! Please! I love you! I did it for us Josh." Her mascara ran down her face as she watched him make his way down the hall and enter the bedroom. She sat listening quietly. No noise came from the room. Was he packing to leave? The silence was killing her so she made her way down the hall. 

Josh was sitting on the edge of the bed with his head down. She slowly made her way to him and kneeled on the floor in front of him putting her head on his lap. "I'm sorry Josh, I really am. Please forgive me." 

Sitting there on the edge of the bed starring down at his wife's blonde hair he heard himself ask the question that was eating him up inside, "Did you like it?" 

"What?" Jessica looked up quickly? "What kind of question is that?" 

"It's one that needs answering Jess." He met her eyes, "I need to know the truth." 

Jess's mind raced to find the correct response, "I don't know Josh. Maybe a little?" 

"Was he bigger than me?" He wasn't sure why he asked. 

Jessica replied quickly, "No, you are much bigger." 

Josh couldn't understand why he felt a sense of relief in her response. It was important to him, but he couldn't really place why. "I want to know everything Jess. If we are going to work through this, I want every detail." 

"What do you want to know? I will tell you everything?" She was relieved to at least be talking with him. 

"Where did it happen?" Josh's hand moved to her head and caressed it to comfort her instinctively. 

"In his car." She couldn't look at him while she said it and kept her head on his lap. 

"He just pulled it out and you started sucking him?" Josh's voice was low. 

"He pulled it out and put his hand on the back of my neck guiding me down to it." Jess' voice was soft. 

"Did you make him cum Jess?" He couldn't stop the questions; his insecurities had the best of him. 

"Yes." She knew what the next question was. 

"Where?" His next question was quick. 

"Where what?" She was hoping to avoid responding and getting a different question. 

"Where did he cum Jess?" His voice strengthened and commanded the truth. 

"He held my head and made me swallow it." She was truthful, she gave herself that credit. 

Josh's hand grabbed a handful of her hair and lifted her face to see his eyes. As he stared at her he undid his pants and pulled his cock out. He was rock hard. "Suck my cock!" 

Jessica took him in her mouth and sucked him as deep as she could. He was definitely longer than Jack just not as thick. As she sucked his cock she was tortured that she kept comparing her time with him while sucking her husband's cock. 

Josh grabbed a handful of her silky blonde hair in each and guided his cock in and out her mouth. He'd wanted to fuck her face like this for a long time and he was going to get his wish. "You're gonna swallow my cum now aren't you Jess?" 

Jess nodded quickly. If swallowing his cum would make things better she would do it every night. She sucked his cock to the back of her throat and gagged as he hammered her throat. She wasn't going to complain. 

Josh stood up and picked the pace up with his thrusts listening to his wife gag as he pushed himself deeper. He was enjoying using her and she would let him do anything now to keep him. It's not often a man has the sexual control in a relationship and he intended to take full advantage of it. 

Jessica gasped for air between gags as Josh fucked her mouth relentlessly. Cum dripped from his cock and she could taste him sliding over her tongue. He was getting closer and she knew it. She could hold out until he exploded. 

Josh held her head still and pushed his cock deeper until she gagged and held it there, "You're my little slut aren't you Jess?" 

Jessica kept sucking and he pushed his cock back causing her to gag again. 

"Tell me who's little slut you are Jess?" His voice was more dominant than she had ever heard it. 

When he pulled his cock out she gasped for air, panting she replied "I'm your slut Josh...I'm yours." 

His cock was back in her mouth and he barely pushed it in when his cock began to explode, "FUCK! YES! Swallow my cum you little slut!" 

Josh's load was much bigger than Jack's and cum exploded from the corners of her mouth. She managed to swallow most of his load before he sat back on the bed. Following him she continued to lick his thigh and cock showing him that she would eat all his seed if that's what he wanted. 

Josh watched the stranger that used to be his wife clean his cock with abandon. When she was done, he leaned down kissing the top of her head before doing his pants up. "I'll be back in a bit." 

She heard the apartment door close and wanted to call out before he left asking where he was going but she knew better. He needed some time for himself. 

Still exhausted from the trip she tried to stay awake, but it was past midnight and Josh had not returned. She decided that she turned off the lights and television and made her way in to the bedroom. She slipped in to her new nightie and climbed under the warm duvet until a restless sleep took over. 

"Jess?" His voice was slurred. "Jess, you didn't let him fuck you right? Tell me the truth I can take it!" 

Turning her head, she realized just how close he was and their faces were inches apart. "I didn't fuck him Josh, I swear on my life." 

Josh kissed her deeply. The taste of beer consumed her senses. She opened her mouth giving herself to him. His hands roamed her body and squeezed at her breasts through the thin material of her nightie. His hand slid down her body and she spread her legs for him as he roughly rubbed her pussy. 

As he stood beside her pulled his cock from his pants placing it against her lips Jessica took his cock in her mouth. He slowly fucked her mouth as his hands pawed and squeezed her breasts and pussy. 

Jessica slowly moved her hips anticipating his fingers to enter her. Josh continued to play on the outside and was driving her crazy, she needed to be penetrated but he clearly had other ideas. As she sucked him his cock swelled in her mouth and he exploded without any warning. Cum shot from the corners of her mouth and ran out on to her pillow as he pulled his cock away. 

"Please fuck me baby. I need you." Her voice was hungry for him. 

Josh dropped his pants to the floor and climbed on top of her. Holding his cock he ran it up and down her opening spreading her wetness on his swollen head. His whisky dick was going to let him fuck her good tonight. 

"Josh! No put a condom on baby." She held his cock trying to keep him from entering her. "I want to cum in you! You're mine Jess!" 

"I'll go on the pill and then you can okay?" We can't afford to get me pregnant yet. 

Mumbling under his breath he pulled a condom from the drawer defeated. Pushing his cock in to her his lust to fill her with cum was extinguished and it was evident to both of them. 

"What's wrong baby? Did you want to get me pregnant? If you want that we can do that, just tell me you are ready for that okay?" Jess held his face in the darkness. 

"I'm not ready for kids yet, I was just looking forward to cumming in you. I don't know what I was thinking." He wasn't thinking clearly. 

She pulled him down on her and guided his cock in to her. Slowly they rocked and she held him as he exploded his load in to the condom. She kissed him again. "I'll get on the pill baby, you can cum in me all the time okay?" 

Josh kissed her again and pulled his softening cock from her and disposed of the condom before climbing back in to bed. Jessica pulled herself in to the crook of her arms and slept like she had been released of her transgressions. 

In the morning it was evident that all was not quite forgiven. He kissed her good morning and they ate breakfast together, but it was different...distant, "Are we okay Josh?" 

Looking up at his wife wearing his batman t-shirt, her nipples poking at the thin material he couldn't help but love her. "Jess, I love you more than you will ever know. It's just going to take some time okay?" 

There wasn't a better scenario and Jess knew it. He loved her and he wasn't leaving her, that's all she really wanted, "I will earn your trust back honey, I promise." 

For the next week, Josh was a very sexually fulfilled man. She sucked him more than she had ever before and swallowed his load every time. He was able to get her to do things she would have never entertained before. They had sex in the park, he fingered her to orgasm in the theater and last night he took her to dinner without a bra or underwear. He was really enjoying his new wife. 

Jessica was loving being the woman Josh always wanted and wondered why it took something like her Texas trip to release herself and be free. Things seemed back to normal with a lot more and better sex that she didn't think was possible. She did find it odd that he regularly wanted her to re-tell how she sucked Jack off. 

Lying in bed, Josh slid down between her legs and began to kiss his way up to her honey pot, "Tell me how he fucked your face and made you his slut again." 

Jessica loved how turned on it made him when she relayed the story over and over until he would fuck her silly. This time she slipped up though, "He stripped me naked and kissed my whole body Josh. It felt so good. He pushed me to my knees and fucked my mouth trying to get his cock down my throat, but I couldn't do it. Eventually he laid me on the bed and with my head hung over the side he fucked my mouth until his cock was down my throat." 

"Did he shoot his load when he was down your throat you dirty slut?" his voice was hungry for details. 

She teased him with the details, "He climbed on the bed and pulled me on top of him. As his cock fucked my throat he licked and sucked my pussy." 

"Mmm fuck, that is so hot Jess. Tell me more." He loved this story. 

She continued, "I sucked his cock down my throat and he fucked it forever. His mouth and fingers ravished my pussy until I squirted all over him. When I exploded he shot a big load of his delicious cum right down my throat, I didn't want it to end." 

Josh jumped up to his knees, "Suck my cock like that." 

Jess lay on the bed with her head hanging off the side. Her mouth opened inviting Josh to feed his cock to her. She knew she had to deep throat his cock. He fucked her mouth faster and deeper than ever. She gagged occasionally but it only spurred his need for her throat on. After a few minutes she could feel his cock stiffening and knew it was almost time. All her concentration was needed to control her mind and throat from gagging as he pushed his cock head in to her throat and exploded. 

Josh screamed out as his load exploded down her throat. He held it there ensuring she got every drop. When she swallowed his cock would twitch due to the high level of sensitivity until he couldn't take it anymore and pulled himself from her mouth. "That was so fucking hot. Did he ask if he could fuck you?" 

"No hun, it was just oral each time like I said." Her smile disappearing as she noted the look on Josh's face turn sour. 

"It really fucking happened? More than once? You let him eat you and squirted on him?" His anger had returned. "How many times were you guys together Jess? What the fuck?" 

"Three times." Jessica's voice was meek. 

Pulling his pants on, Josh headed back out the door leaving Jessica to think about what she had said. She hadn't lied to him; she just didn't think it mattered if it was once or three times. 

Jess went out and curled up on the couch with her blanket and turned on the television. It was all out in the open now, no more surprises; she just hoped he would be able to get past it again. 

Jess awoke to the sound of the television station going offline. The colored bars on the screen lit the living room up as she stirred herself awake. When she sat up, she realized Josh was in the corner of the couch watching her. 

"Any other surprises Jess?" He was drunk again. 

"No that is everything. Three times and he never fucked me I swear." Her voice was desperate. 

"Three times eh? Once in the car, once in a hotel room, where else?" Josh wanted the details. 

"The first time was the car, exactly like I said. The second time was in his office...and the..." She fell silent as Josh cut in. 

"In his fucking office? During the day? You sucked him off?" His voice broke like he hit puberty. "I have got to hear this." 

Jessica wasted no time or detail explaining the events that took place in his office. As she told him his hand squeezed himself through his pants. "Can I help you with that?" She offered. 

Over the next week they had returned to the new norm where Josh pushed the envelope and tried to get her to do things in more public place or dress more provocatively. At home he always wanted to hear about the various experiences she had in Texas. 

Josh hated himself that the thought of another man with his wife turned him on so much. He couldn't understand why, but it just did. It turned him on a lot and it began to be an obsession. He would fantasize about being the guy who used his wife and made her do things for a sale when he was with her. When he fucked her, he imagined he was taking her against her will and it drove him wild causing him to have the most intense orgasms. 

Jessica had grown accustomed to playing out fantasies with Josh and enjoyed them immensely. When he pretended to be a client and talk her in to giving herself to him. It had been seven weeks now since she was with Jack and Josh kept making her relive it every day. She was on the pill now and Josh's newest fantasy was having her beg for him not to cum in her and then filling her anyway. 

The time had come around again when she had to start planning her next trip to Energex. Josh was concerned but his fantasies were fueled by it. He imagined he was the Texan waiting for her to come down and this time keeping her for a week and fucking her silly. 

As she packed her things, Josh looked her in the eyes, "I want you to do it again." 

Jessica stepped back in shock, "What? You want me to be with him again?" 

"Yes, I want you to be his slut and I want to know every detail Jess! Every detail!" He didn't understand it, but he wanted it more than anything. "When you are done with him, I want you to call me and tell me everything." 

"Are you sure you want that Josh? I mean..." She stopped abruptly. 

"Yes, I'm sure Jess." He pulled her to him and kissed her. 

Jess finished packing her suitcase with the help of Josh. He made a point of packing only her sexiest underwear, bras and lingerie. He wanted her to only wear her shortest dresses and skirts too. 
