 Hello, my name is Ted, and I’d like to tell you my story.

My story begins five years ago, when I was a senior in high school. At the time I was dating a girl named Becky. We were at that point where a physical relationship was just around the corner. I had to talk to her to prepare her for the shock she’d find in my pants.

“So what’s up Ted?” she asked.

“Well, we’ve talked about taking things to another level.” I said.

“Yes, and you’re the one who’s been hesitant.” She said.

“I think it’s time I tell you why.” I said.

“You don’t have AIDS or herpes do you?” she asked.

“No, I…..I, well let’s just say you’ve never seen a cock quite like mine.” I said.

“What’s wrong with it? Do you think it’s too small, too big? Just tell me what it is.” She said.

“My cock has this deformity that when it’s hard it is eight inches around at the base.” I said.

“That’s normal, you just have a thick cock, it’s no big deal.” She said.

“You didn’t let me finish. It’s eight inches around at the base, and nearly eleven inches around at the head.” I said.

She stared gape-eyed at me. She blinked a few times then she came back to reality.

“Can I see it?” She asked.

“Are you sure?” I asked.

“How can I tell whether it’s going to be a problem or not until I see it?” she said.

I stood up, unzipped my pants and pulled everything down in one quick motion. I was already at half-staff from the outfit she was wearing and I was soon at full tilt from standing there in front of her, with my exposed cock at eye level only inches from her face.

“Oh my, you’re right, I’ve never seen a cock like this. It’s beautiful.” She said.

“Beautiful? Are you crazy? Look at this thing.” I said.

“Oh I am, and it looks good enough to eat. Come to think of it, it looks a lot like an ice cream cone. It’s narrow at the bottom and grows wider towards the top, and it’s got a big purple scoop of ice cream on it.” She said. “Boy, I’m getting hungry, I think I’ll try some of this. What flavor is it?”

“Dick.” I answered.

“Oh, my favorite.” She said with a smile. She began licking the head of my cock as if it were ice cream. Her hands worked vigorously up and down my shaft, and try as she might she was unable to stretch her mouth far enough to get my cock in her mouth. Disappointed but not giving up she licked and sucked as much of the head as she could get and furiously stroked my cock until with a grunt it erupted filling her mouth with so much cum that she couldn’t swallow all of it and it ran down her chin.

“That was incredible.” I said.

“It was just as good on my end.” She said. “I’m not sure it will fit, but I must try to get this thing in my pussy.”

She quickly removed her clothes and I got to eat and finger her pussy to try to open her up in preparation for her attempt to force my dick inside of her. When she was ready to try she had me lie on my back and she crouched over my cock.

“Ready?” she asked.

“Yes.” I said.

With that she lowered herself down so that her pussy lips were pressing against my cock head. She lowered herself further hoping that the force would open the way and my cock would slip in. No dice. Finally she spread herself open with both hands and forced herself down with all her might. My cock head pushed through the opening and probed her depths. With the shape of my cock as soon as she got the head in, her body sucked itself the rest of the way on until all eight inches of my length was buried inside of her pussy.

“Jesus that feels incredible.” She groaned. She began raising and lowering herself on my cock and all of a sudden she started peeing.

“Hey, I’m not into that kinky stuff.” I said.

“I’m sorry, your dick is like a plunger, the suction was too much and my bladder let go.” She gasped.

“Plunger huh? How’s about you let me see what else I can pump out of you?” I asked.

“Gladly, my legs are getting all quivery.” She said.

So we rolled over so that I was on top of her. I began pulling my cock out quickly and found that her body would slowly suck me back in. She was oblivious to the world, she was screaming with sheer orgasmic delight. It seemed as if each time I pulled back I was pumping another orgasm out of her. She was cumming uncontrollably screaming and groaning and writhing beneath me in one continuous orgasmic blackout. Finally she passed out and I stopped to wake her.

“Why have you stopped?” she asked in a broken voice.

“You passed out.” I said.

“So, keep fucking me with your beautiful cock until it goes limp.” she said.

I went back to fucking her and her screams of ecstasy came back up from her belly. Another side effect of my abnormality is that it takes a long time for my cock to go down once it’s up. For over three hours I continued to pump countless orgasms out of her body. When the screams subsided I knew that she was out cold and wasn’t soon to wake up. I was nearly done so I quickened my pace and blasted the interior of her pussy with one last coating of my thick, sticky cum, then I pulled out, picked her up and put her to bed.

The next morning my parents left before either of us woke up, they’d been out late and I don’t know if they knew Becky had spent the night or not. It didn’t matter anyway.

“Good morning.” I said.

“Good morning.” Came her exhausted reply. “I think from now on I’m gonna call you my ice cream man, you and that glorious cock of yours.”

“Okay, but shouldn’t I be the you scream man then? You were the one doing all the screaming.” I said.

With a laugh Becky said, “You scream man, I like that. And any woman will know what it means once they’ve had it.”

“What do you mean once they’ve had it?” I asked.

“It would be wrong of me to keep a gift like that for myself, no matter how much I would like to have it all for myself, this must be shared, for the right price of course.” She said.

“Price? You mean you think I should become a gigolo?” I asked.

“Sure, we could get you an ice cream truck and send you around to deliver special treats to women for say $200 a pop.” She said.

“And how much of that money would I see?” I asked.

“You would be doing the hard work so say $125,” she said.

“And just what will you be doing for your $75?” I asked.

“I’ll be keeping the books, taking orders, making sure you don’t get set up with a cop.” She said.

“I’ll think about it.” I said.

Within three days I’d given in and she had my first assignment for me.

Jane Givens was a friend of Becky’s mother that had become very good friends with Becky as well. Jane had been telling Becky how long it had been since she’d had sex and how she wished there were a male escort service in the area that she could call for a quick fuck. Becky then told Jane about me and arranged for me to be at Jane’s house at six o’clock Friday night.

I arrived right on time and explained that the price was $200 plus tip.

“So how do we start?” Jane asked.

“I suggest that you pee before we start.” I said.

“Why? Do you need to see a woman pee to get hard?” She asked.

“No, it’s just that my cock acts like a pump and it tends to draw out any urine you may have inside you.” I said.

She let me watch her pee, which was cool, then she opened my pants and her eyes bugged out when she laid eyes on my cock. Her pussy was very tight and it hurt both of us to put it in, but soon we both felt incredible. She screamed herself hoarse and after a three-hour service I walked out the door with the $200 plus a $500 tip.

For the first few weeks business was slow, I only delivered ‘You Screams’ to four women. But by the time week four rolled around the four women had told their friends, who in turn told their friends, and so on. By the end of the third month I was in such high demand that Becky and I decided to raise the price to $500 per visit. This got our market under control. We basically catered to the high-end clientele. There are a lot of lonely, horny women with money to spend in my area, and they all love the You Scream Man.

The one delivery that I have had trouble dealing with in my whole career was the one and only time I didn’t know the name of the client before arriving. All the information Becky had was that it was a middle-aged woman that worked the same place my mom did, and that it was a gift from the other girls in the office.

I walked into the hotel room that I had been given a key to, my trademark pint of ice cream in hand. My jaw dropped when I recognized the form of the woman, who was facing away from the door.

“You’re late. You were supposed to be here at…..Oh my god! Ted? You’re the You Scream Man?” my mom asked.

“Hi mom, yeah, that’s me.” I said.

“The girls didn’t tell me it was you.” Mom said.

“Yeah, and nobody told me that you were the client.” I said. “Apparently nobody knows we’re related.”

“So this is how you’ve been getting all that money?” she asked.

“Yeah. Are you mad?” I asked.

“I’m mad that you lied to us about how you were getting the money.” She said. “You’re apparently pretty good at your job to get $500 a pop.”

“It’s not whether I’m good or bad, it’s what I’ve got to work with that keeps me in demand enough to get $500 per visit.” I said.

“So you’ve got a big one then? That’s good, your dad is not so lucky.” She said. “How long is it?”

“It’s a little over eight inches, but it’s not so much the length that the women like, it’s my unique shape.” I said.

“Unique shape?” She asked.

“Yeah, it’s bigger around at the head than at the base.” I said. “I got the name You Scream Man because my cock looks like an ice cream cone, and it has made every woman who’s tried it scream until she lost her voice.”

“Really? That sounds interesting, can I see it?” She asked.

“Mom? You want to see my cock?” I asked.

“Yes, I’m your mom, and I had no idea you were deformed, please just let me see it.” She said. 

“Okay, but this is kind of weird.” I said.

I put down the ice cream I had been holding, stood up, and quickly dropped my pants.

“It doesn’t look deformed to me.” Mom said.

“I don’t have an erection.” I said.

“Oh, then let’s get you one.” Mom said.

To my complete astonishment my own mother took my limp dick in her hands and began squeezing it and rubbing it and as it grew firmer she began stroking it. In no time my cock was harder than it had ever been. 

Unsure of what to do I stood perfectly still as she gazed upon my cock from all sides. She continually stroked it with her right hand while her left hand kneaded my balls.

“Your balls are bigger than normal too, I bet you can shoot a huge load when you cum.” She said.

“Yes, and if you aren’t careful that huge load will be shot all over your dress.” I said.

“Oh, good point.” She said. Instead of stopping she continued stroking with her right hand while reaching behind herself to unzip the dress with her left hand. She pulled the dress down so her left arm was free and she quickly switched hands so that she was stroking with the left hand as she used her right hand to work the dress the rest of the way off.

So now there I was in a hotel room, my pants around my ankles while my mom, wearing only her bra and panties stroked my cock seemingly daring me to cum all over her.

“Tell me when you’re close to cumming.” She said.

Her right hand was stroking my cock with an expertise I didn’t expect as her left hand squeezed my balls.

“I’m gonna cum.” I groaned.

She reached up and released the clasp on her bra and shucked it to the side. “Cum on my tits.” She said.

Unable to hold off any longer my cock erupted belching forth a near continuous rope of cum for what seemed like forever. My mom was sticking her tongue out and down into my stream of cum. She was smiling and laughing as I continued shooting cum all over her tits, neck, and face. When I finally stopped she was looking up at me with a grin on her face; her tits were covered in cum.

“Wow, that was incredible Ted. I’ve never seen so much cum from one cock.” Mom said, as she massaged my cum into her tits. “So when do you think you’ll be ready to put that thing in my pussy?” 

“Mom, you want me to have sex with you?” I asked.

“Oh Ted, it’s no big deal, I can’t get pregnant, I had a hysterectomy remember? Besides, you’ve already cum all over my tits and some got in my mouth, we might as well really get our money’s worth. Besides I’m curious to find out how this thing feels in my pussy.” She said.

“Well, I’m ready to go now, but you should pee first.” I said.

“Why?” She asked.

“Because I don’t want my own mom to pee on me when my cock causes her to lose control of her bladder.” I said.

“This thing is that good?” Mom asked.

“Let’s just say that I’ve been pissed on by a few women.” I said.

My mom stood up, hooked her thumbs in her panties and pulled them down. For the first time I saw my mom completely naked. My god she was beautiful. She hopped in the shower to wash the excess semen from her chest. She smiled at me as I watched her pee. When she was clean and had finished peeing she walked back out to the bed and lay down.

“Okay honey, show me what it is that you do to these ladies that got you the name the You Scream Man.” Mom said.

More nervous than I’d been at any time since the night I first fucked Becky I positioned myself so that my the head of my cock was pressing against my mom’s spread pussy. As I pushed in she groaned and her eyes rolled back in her head. I pushed in until my balls were pressed against her ass and our pubic hair was matted together.

“MY GOD THAT FEELS INCREDIBLE!” mom yelled. “Fuck me baby, fuck your mom like you fuck all of those other women.” 

I started pulling my cock out, and like always her pussy sucked me back in. By the third stroke mom was having a screaming orgasm. She didn’t stop screaming for five hours. She kept begging me for more, she even told me to keep going even if she lost consciousness. 

When I was finally done I pulled my cock out of her with a messy pop as it acted like a pump drawing a good deal of the cum I’d put deep inside her out onto the sheets between her legs.

My mom was not much more than a puddle by now herself and I kissed her goodbye and left her in a post-orgasmic daze.

Since then I have made sure that I know every client’s name before I arrive. My mom and I have never spoken about that night, and if we ever do I don’t know what I’ll say to her.

I don’t think about it that often, I try to concentrate on what has become a very lucrative business for me. I have a big house, two expensive cars, and a list of clients that can’t get enough of my special cock.