 *** Hi all - as a gentle reminder... As with all my works, this is a work of fiction: any semblance of my characters, persons, places, and events to any, uh, actual real characters, persons, places, and/or events is purely coincidental. It's all made up, though at times loosely based on personal experiences. Some characters that I've used in the past may pop up from time to time in this or future works; the reader might enjoy getting to know these characters of earlier writings. The stories are related inasmuch as they tell the story of our protagonist and his adventures as he establishes himself in a new community, and they tend to share overlapping timelines. As always, all comments are welcome; most are appreciated.***

*****

Sunday Afternoon:

Ariel and I stood, naked, in front of Jasmine. She was in the classic submissive position in the corner of the bedroom. Kneeling, toes curled underneath, sitting on her calves. Back straight, head up, eyes downcast, hands clasped behind her back, thus thrusting her generous breasts forward. They were perfect, if otherwise moist with her tears. I hadn't really noticed her earlier; everyone was robed, and I was far too distracted with all else going on to much appreciate her during our brief introduction.

In a word, she was stunning. I was guessing part Pinay, part Ethiopean. I asked her to look up at us, and she somewhat reluctantly raised her eyes. Milk-chocolate skin, smooth and flawless. As with Ariel, no belly to speak of, and strong legs, but much shorter. Hard to tell with her kneeling like that... I guessed maybe 157CM, and 7 stone soaking wet. Large areola, perfect eraser-sized nipples, and the distinct tan lines of what must have been a very conservative bikini top. Her boobs were, at least at this moment, her defining feature. They hung off her chest with pride: wide-set, gently sloping off the top to the point of the nipple, and a very firm, hefty underhang that suggested a DD or perhaps an E-cup. Too big for her, really... they dwarfed the rest of her chest, and seemed out of proportion, if not a titty-man's walking fantasy. Her eyes were large, almond shaped, brown, with perfectly clear sclera, and beautifully highlighted by 'permanent' eyebrows. High cheek bones, large, sensuous mouth, pouty lips. Her hair was dark, long - swept back from her forehead and down to the middle of her back, accentuating an athletic waist and well-defined abs.

Ariel: "Jaz, what are you feeling right now?"

"I... I - um... I'm feeling very embarrassed, and very ashamed."

"I see. And why are you kneeling here, like this?"

"You said you were going to get.. Um. Mr. Steve. And that I should wait for you."

"But you took off your robe, and came in here, and kneeled like this. Why?"

"I knew you were horny, and that you wanted him. And..." Her voice trailed off.

"And? Its OK, hun. You're amongst friends."

"And I felt like .. like I needed to do this. To be here just like I am now."

"I see. This feeling that you had. Did it come from me? From Steve?"

Jasmine started sobbing again... "I don't think so. No. I wanted it. It made me feel... humble, vulnerable. Comfortable. But then you two came in here and started to.. to..." she diverted her eyes once again.

It took some time for Ariel to work through Jasmine's feelings. Pretty interesting, and not easy to do, given her condition. Apparently, I'd discovered in Jasmine a profound submissive preference that, in her fantasy, was fueled by embarrassment and shame. Wow. Thing is though, that those particular emotions really fell somewhat empty on what little sexual energy she possessed, and she really didn't know how to cope, thus explaining her behavior - at least in part, during the yoga session earlier, as well as her state of mind now. 

Ariel pulled me aside: "Steve, don't blame yourself; you just showed her what she's been repressing for a long time. I know her pretty well. She is really smart, didn't have much of a role model growing up, and was led to believe that sex is the work of the devil or whatever; she was also taught not to 'impose' her physical assets on others, so she has always dressed really conservatively... kinda that she believes her body is a curse, not a blessing. She's embarrassed by it, and full of shame for having so wantonly exposed herself. It took a year here for her to do yoga in the nude... Actually, I'm a little surprised she disrobed in your presence." Ariel chewed this over a bit, then continued... "This probably explains why her concentration is so good, and why her sexual energy is so low." Then she laughed, in spite of herself... "She's like you, but in reverse. Or inverse." I didn't get it. "Of course you don't! Now, lets get her sorted out." She was right, probably on both counts: I have the attention span of a gnat. 

Me: "How you plan on doing that?"

Ariel: "I'm not sure, really... go back to the studio and meditate and see what happens?"

Me: "Forgive the analogy, but are you in any condition to drive?"

"Um... I uh - ya.. I think so. Not like I'm trying to throw you on the bed at the moment."

"Then, the urge to rape me" - I winked at her - "its gone?"

"Not entirely, and I'm not sure of lingering effects, but ya - pretty much gone."

"So - question then - will it be easier, or more difficult, to deal with Jaz if she hasn't acted out her desire?"

"Good point... on the one hand, it'll be easier for you to spot her feelings - however it is you do that - and manipulate them. On the other hand, I don't think she's concentrating so well at the moment... and who knows when this urge will wear off?

"Uncharted waters, Doll. Uncharted waters. My instinct is to not take advantage of her." 

Ariel considered this... "But, look at you: she turns you on. You're as hard as you were an hour ago, and I had nothing to do with it. Fact is, she turns me on as well... and I think we'd compete for her. Who knows what might happen in meditation?"

"Maybe - but under the circumstances - I think it best we try the meditation." 

Ariel almost pressed her point, but ultimately relented. As we headed outside, I stopped for just a moment and looked Jaz in the eyes and, with a moderately stern tone of voice, told her she had to crawl from the bedroom to the studio outside. She was about to balk when I raised my finger, silencing her. Dutifully, she got into position and began, tentatively at first, to crawl the 100 feet or so to the studio. Hate to say it, but I couldn't resist watching her from behind: her thin waist really accentuated the curve of her ass and strength of her glutes. Strong lower back muscles... the kind that create a hollow along the spine and accentuate its curve... pussy glistening - she really was very sexually excited. But for me, at least, the best part was her breasts, swaying back and forth as she crawled along. I loved how they held their shape, even as they hung underneath her; all natural, to be sure, but firm nonetheless - I couldn't wait for my chance.

When in place, we proceeded as before. Ariel took care to position our fingers on each others palms and wrists, ensuring each finger was in place to exacting detail - the process actually took several minutes. Finally satisfied, she took her own position and started.

I sensed her taking a deep breath before starting - almost like the breath a child takes before jumping off the high-dive for the first time... "OK yogis - lets get our breath in sync. In through your mouth, out through your nose. In, out... in, out... good. We all felt it when we were in sync. Very strange - I didn't notice it in the first session, but I noticed a minor burning sensation in my left ring finger where it contacted Ariel, and in the palm of my right hand, where Jaz had placed hers. So strange, yet familiar. I opened an eye and inspected Ariel, my eyes (as always) settling in on her breasts. Ariel didn't respond directly; she just smiled and told us (me) to stay focused. Ariel went through her session, then Jaz. All was good so far. Once again, Ariel encouraged me to concentrate and focus on the images/senses I felt drawn to. Once again, I noticed the circles and strings of different colors... interestingly, there were not nearly as many, and it soon dawned on me that the objects, rather than random experiences, represented the feelings and desires of the two women present. I was more gentle this time, gently prodding and poking and shaping the images I was seeing, not really knowing what I was doing, or for that matter, why.

In time, I noticed other tingling sensations where I was touching, and being touched, by Jaz and Ariel. As I meditated further, it became apparent which shapes were Jaz's, and which were Ariel's. I also noticed that Jaz had one object... not like the others. Hate to say it, but it struck me as a blackhead. Ick. I resisted the temptation to pick at it, but rather simply massaged it. As soon as I touched it, Jaz grunted and almost lost balance. Ariel spoke - "Stay with it Steve. Stay with it."

I continued my mental caress, and Jaz started shifting her weight. Not really losing balance... more like a dance. In the matter of a few minutes, the black dot started getting bigger. I was concerned at first, but, as it grew I noticed that it was really very much like the other circles in my image of Jaz, just much smaller. A symbol of her energies perhaps? I continued my massage, and as the circle grew, I noticed that another set of "musical" chords was becoming apparent; in time, they became pronounced enough for me to stroke them. Jaz sighed. A deep, sensuous sigh.

Funny what meditation does. Barriers drop, preconceptions vanish; self-imposed limitations evaporate. I found I was able not only to work on Jaz's colors, but Ariel's as well. I became aware of the similarities and differences between them... the common patterns, their likes and dislikes. I allowed my brain to receive all the data it was being bombarded with... just letting it flow rather than trying to force myself to remember a certain color, chord, or sequence. Jaz's black nub was starting to turn color to match the rest of her, and had grown to the point that it was clearly becoming a well-defined circle. Still very small, but unmistakable. I considered one of her chords: it seemed different than the others... that somehow, she had a preference for it. Don't ask how I knew. I just did. So I played with it. Seriously played with it. Tossed it like a ball, licked it, flung it like a frisbee, cracked it like a whip...

"Owwwww fuck... stoppppp please... NOWWWWW!! Jaz was shrieking with laughter. We let go of our touching and opened our eyes.

"Oh my god that was so...fuck. I... you... you were tickling me. Senseless. And it was making me horny. Like 'I need to fuck you right now' horny... Jesus Christ Steve..." She approached me, wrapped an arm around my waist, her breast pressed into my ribcage...and wrapped a tiny hand around my rapidly hardening cock. She looked up at me... those gorgeous almond-shaped brown eyes, sensuous mouth... hand pulsing my cock... I was stone hard now - her tiny hand not able to fully-wrap around its circumference...

I looked at Ariel - she was ready for another wrestling match, and from the look of her, I didn't think she was in the mood to stand in line. I smiled at her, and 'goosed' Jaz in the small of her back. Jaz shrieked again, jumping away from me at the suddenness of the tickling touch. 

Jaz: "Noooo! god that tickles... can't we just fuck?"

"Sure - but you won't like it as much. Tell you what - you let me and Ariel tickle you, and then we'll bring you to an orgasm you can't even imagine. Deal?" I think she'd have agreed to anything at this point. "OK Jaz - off to the dining room. Oh - and stop by the changing room on the way and grab all the robe belts, OK?"

Jaz: 'What!!?"

Me: "Well - its not really a good tickle if you're able to walk away from it, now is it?" Ariel smiled and curled into me. I was admiring Jaz's tight little muscular ass as she walked away when Ariel called out: "Jaz, hon - aren't you forgetting something?" I hadn't a clue what she was up to.

Jaz turned, started to make eye contact then, as if remembering a to-do list, turned back again, dropped to her knees, and crawled the rest of the way.

The crawl to the dining room from the studio had to hurt a little. When we got there, Ariel took the robe belts from Jaz and had her lie, back down, on the table. The table was a nice piece - heavy rosewood, with several removable inserts that, we discovered, could be partially separated for purposes of slipping the robe belts through and around, as we bound Jaz's torso to our satisfaction. Then, using the sashes from the robes, Ariel did the same for her wrists, elbows, knees and ankles to the chairs around the table. Then the blindfold. Jaz was breathing hard, and nervous. Her hands were damp with sweat, and her lips trembling. Stretched out like this, she was a sight to behold: with her hands drawn over her head, her ribs were pronounced, belly flat, and hip bones evident. Her back was arched, showing the sexy curve of her spine underneath. Her breasts, full and proud, hung slightly off the sides of her chest, rising and falling gently with each breath. Long, athletic quads led to sculpted calves and dainty feet, adorned with perfectly pedicured nails and clear polish.

Me: "Jaz - have you ever been tickled?"

"Sure. I mean - ya, of course. Who hasn't?"

"I mean - really tickled. Like, pee in your pants tickled. Like that?" Her body went rigid.

"OH! Never - you wouldn't... please?"

I pulled a feather from a duster Ariel had somehow magically produced and gently brushed it along her jaw line.

She giggled and turned her chin into the feather. "Did you like that?" 

"Well, yes - of course... it was a nice tickle... like a lover's kiss I'd imagine."

I kept stroking her with the feather. Neck, side of her breast, along her rib cage. Her arm pits, her belly, in between her thighs. Her reactions varied from giggles to attempts to avoid the touch of the feather... never really enough to cause her to struggle. Until I tickled her pussy lips. 

The shriek surprised both of us. Jaz convulsed, trying to contract all her muscles to curl into a ball in response. The force of the clatter of the chairs as she pulled against them took us all by surprise.

Jaz: "OH MY GOD... " Before she could respond, I stroked her several times in quick succession. She continued shrieking, her abs fully flexed as she attempted to curl into a ball to avoid the sensation, the chairs continuing to bang about.

Me: "Jaz - tell me what you wanted as we just broke out of meditation?"

Jaz: "Just now in the studio? You know what I wanted." I Stroked her rib cage very lightly with the feather and she screamed out.

Me: "I know... but I want to hear you say it anyway. Tell me." Ariel, with perfectly manicured nails. began scratching her belly right at her navel and the shrieking returned.

Jaz: "Oh god.. please stoppp... please..." She writhed against the bonds.

Me: "What did you want?"

Jaz: "I wanted you to fuck me."

Me: Why?

Jaz: "Because I was horny."

Me: "And what made you so horny?"

JAz: I don't know... because... ofuck..." Ariel reached for Jaz's ribs, just below her breasts and very quickly dug her fingernails into Jaz's athletic frame. It was fascinating to watch her breasts move back and forth as she fought against the relentless attack. And her pussy... it was glistening.

Jaz. AAAAhhhhhhhhgggh... because you were tickling me. fuck... it makes me so goddam horny..." Ariel had moved from her ribs to her belly, and was now digging into the area around her hip bones, which seemed especially sensitive. Jaz cried out, now barely able to breathe; but, when asked after five minutes, still wanted more.

Me: "Jaz... you're making a mess here. Tell you what: I'll tickle you, very slowly. If you don't move, I won't go any faster. If you don't shriek, I'll give you a nice reward, OK?"

"What kind of reward?" 

Without answering, I massaged her clit through her hood...pressure firm enough to please, but not tickle. Still blindfolded, the intimate touch caught her completely off guard. She produced a guttural moan, quite involuntarily. "Like this. You like this?" Another groan. "OK - here we go..."

I took the feather and gave her a long, lazy stroke... barely touching her... from her elbow, along her tricep, across her arm pit, and along the side of her breast. As I continued, she really did try to contain her movements and voice. But, blindfolded, she had no idea what was coming and was now so sensitized that virtually anything unusual would set her off. I lifted the feather, then repositioned it at the inside of her left knee. I dragged its soft tip, almost imperceptibly, from there, up her thigh, then looped it around the top of her mons and back down the other side. Jaz did all in her power not to move, or make noise, but she knew what was coming. Sometimes the best (worst) tickle is the agonizing knowledge of what is to come. 

I brushed the feather, slowly, slowly, along the lips of her mouth, then along the lips of her pussy.. so close, but never touching her clit hood. Back and forth... she started. The feeling and sound is one of a stifled laugh: the humor becomes more the attempt not to laugh than the cause of laughter itself. Jaz fought the stifle... fought it hard... then I twirled the feather head at the top of her mons, and her clitty hood. She bucked her back, tried to roll her knee to cover herself, and shrieked at the sensation. Watching her writhe like that, straining against the bonds that held her, seeing her muscles constrict, thrusting her breasts outward... my god, the image was erotic; I somewhat absently mindedly stroked my still-throbbing cock, imaging the pleasure that awaited...

"Ahh.. too bad Jaz.. and you really did try hard, huh?

Not losing a beat, Ariel, standing at the head of the table, scraped her nails along Jaz's triceps and then, with alternating light and medium pressure, dug them into her armpits in a rapid succession of scratches.

I'm not sure how long it lasted. Maybe 10-15 seconds. Long enough that Jaz was out of breath because of her pleas for us to stop and subsequent inability to inhale. Ariel would pause, just for a few seconds; Jaz fought to get her breath back and, almost as soon as she did - maybe one full inhale and then a half of a second, Ariel would begin the torment again. Jaz had broken out into a light sweat. Her nipples were stone hard and her pussy soaked. Ariel went to the other end of the table and applied the same pressures to Jaz's feet, which were equally sensitive, if not a different experience. I held her knees down as Ariel took the feather and 'sawed' it between her toes. Jaz's wails had become ragged as she fought for breath with each lapse in our movements. This only went on for maybe 10 minutes, but I'm sure for Jasmine it felt an eternity.

And then it was over, Jaz on the table - exhausted, sweaty, emotionally worn out, exhilarated. 

It's pretty easy to move from tease, to tickle, to stimulating. Just a simple change in mindset, finger pressure, rhythm. Without untying her, I started to caress her. Gentle kisses. A pillow in the form of a bathrobe under her head. Massaging of the breasts, stimulation of nipples. Meanwhile, Ariel had loosened the belts around her ankles and knees sufficiently to climb between them and start kissing her there. I'm convinced women do pussy better than men, and Ariel was another case in point. As I worked alternately between her breasts and kissing her fully on her lips, Ariel was conducting performance art on her pussy. It didn't take long for the first orgasm, and I'm thinking Jaz didn't fully get that it was Ariel licking her. But, as I nuzzled her neck and pecked at the sensitive places around her ears. she described the building orgasm.
