 Here kitty, kitty, kitty.

Megan responded to my Craigslist posting.

I had found some videos on the Web of couples involved in a tantric massage. One video especially captured my mind. It was of a couple who were obviously not "professional" performers. They were just two people who were very familiar and comfortable with one another in which he was now giving her a tantric massage. She was at ease with him. He knew what she wanted.

They began with her lying on her stomach on the bed, him sitting cross-legged beside her. Both were naked. He began to rub her back. His touch was heavier than a caress but lighter than what I associate with a massage. He rubbed her arms, shoulders, back, buttocks, thighs, legs and feet. She relaxed into his touch. He then proceeded to rub the inside of her calves and thighs.

After a while, when his hand reached her crotch, he took her legs and spread them apart. He then proceeded to fondle her pussy. He slowly wiggled his finger tips between her labia. He rubbed across her vulva with the flat of his fingers, slowly dragging them down and then dropping a finger between her labia. When she was sufficiently wet he began massaging her clit and clit nerve sheath with the tips of his fingers. He inserted a finger into her vagina. He continued this play until she moved and turned over onto her back.

He proceeded to rub her front including her breasts. He gave her breasts passing attention. His objective was to return to massaging and playing with her pussy, her "yoni". He massaged her yoni. He fondled it. He rubbed it. He toyed with her labia. He teased her clit. He made his "presence" known. She was verbalizing her feelings. She "spoke" with her body language.

He fingered her with one finger then with two. He didn't "attack" her pussy. He "played" it, listening to her, watching her expressions and body language.

She orgasmed but he didn't stop. He continued playing with her pussy. He just played differently for a while eventually returning to do what he apparently knew would bring her to another orgasm. He continued this for minutes. She orgasmed again and still he continued. It was obvious that she wanted him to continue.

For me it was awesome. He brought her to an orgasmic state and kept her there. She was in a state of orgasmic bliss. It was not about him. It was all about her. 

I realized that I wanted do it. 

I went onto the Web to see what I could find about tantric massage.

I watched videos. I read. After a while I came to the impression that a tantric massage was about releasing energy in the woman's body, bringing it down to the uterus where it was subsequently released over an extended period of time through multiple orgasms.

"Ya, I could do that," I thought.

From an earlier interest in Shiatsu massage I was aware of energy points in the body, energy centers, called "chakras", and pathways, called "meridians", along which energy flowed. There are charts that display the location and routing of the meridians. The charts can be downloaded from the Web. I did. Upon review I found interesting the concentration of meridians as they passed through the groin on both sides of the vulva.

Electrical energy flows within our bodies. It underlies our mental activates and nervous system. It is produced electrochemically from the foods that we consume. From my physic courses I remembered that all matter is made from energy, energy cannot be created nor destroyed and it can be transformed or transferred from one form to another. Our digestive system transforms what we eat into electrochemical matter which is carried throughout the body in the blood pumped by the heart and cleansed in our lungs.

There are seven energy centers. I refer to them in terms that are meaningful to me. From top to bottom: mental activity, senses, voice, heart, lungs, digestive system and reproductive system. While I may question many of the whatevers that some attribute to the centers when I think of what the centers do as I think of them, I can readily accept their existence.

As for the pathways of energy, I accept that they exist based upon empirical evidence. Their existence underlies the practices of acupuncture and Shiatsu. In time, another explanation based upon a scientific methodology might reveal otherwise. For the moment, they "work for me".

When I consider the wonders performed in a uterus I can readily accept its "awesomeness". I have no problem accepting it as a storehouse of energy. The idea of releasing energy in a woman's body through massage and gathering it and using the meridians to bring it to the uterus where it is subsequently released orgasmically over a period of time is intellectually acceptable to me.

I can readily accept the idea of a tantric massage which prepares the woman for a yoni massage.

From my prior experiences I knew that I could bring a woman to orgasm by manually stimulated her clit and her G-spot with vagina penetration. I've found that there was much more to learn. There is a big difference between sexually exciting a woman for a single orgasm and doing what is necessary to maintain her in an orgasmic state for an extended period of time. 

I needed to find a woman with whom to develop my techniques and skills. I placed a posting on Craigslist:

"Tantric massage 

"I am seeking a post-menopausal woman with whom to perfect my tantric massage technique. Nothing is expected in return.

"Tantric massage is more than just about sex. It is about a state of being only attainable by women. A woman's reproductive system is a source of amazing energy. It encompasses the area from the vulva to the breasts. A woman must learn to focus her mind and lose herself in a heightened awareness of the energy that is released by her reproductive system. There is no "magic" here or hokey-pokey. Electromagnetic energy is all around us. Within our bodies is electrochemical energy. They interact in the current that the electrochemical processes generate in our body. It comes together in one's mind. In a sense, it is a form of meditation."

Megan responded to this posting. She asked why I was seeking a post-menopausal woman.

I explained that after menopause, when a woman had sex it was only for personal enjoyment. The time for procreation was past. I felt it was necessary for what I was trying to accomplish that the woman was focused upon her pleasure and her enjoyment.

Megan and I met in a public setting. Craigslist is known for its "actors" posting in the Personal section as well as responding to the postings. 

Megan was real. She felt I was real. We exchanged enough history so that we each understood the needs and wants of the other.

She wanted to proceed. She picked me. I was there for her to accept me or not.

We met a few days later. We've been meeting weekly. It has been several weeks now since we started.

Before sharing with you what has evolved as a typical massage, let me share with you a couple of things that I have learned so far.

Initially I thought that giving a woman a tantric massage was a practitioner/client relationship. Once I had perfected my techniques and skills I could offer to give a massage to any woman who would want one. Not so I found, at least, in how I was approaching it.

The nature of the intimacy exceeds anything else about which I'm familiar. If a woman goes to her gynecologist and describes her difficulty with having intercourse her doctor does not offer to have intercourse with her nor does she invite him/her to do so. If a woman goes to her psychiatrist and discusses her problems with being sexually satisfied and about her carnal needs, her psychiatrist does not offer to have sex with her to work out the details and to search out the ways to meet her needs and she does not invite him/her to do so.

With a tantric massage that includes a yoni massage that is exactly what the woman does. She makes her body available, she guides and provides feedback on what she likes and wants. There are no boundaries. The masseur/masseuse is there for her. It is all about her. The more honest she is with herself and the masseur/masseuse, the better is her experience.

I can understand a masseur/masseuse offering a service but the objective is different than what drives me. As a service the objective is to execute a series of techniques that will meet the client's expectations within a set period of time. This approach begs the questions: How long is long enough to be in an orgasmic state? How many orgasms are enough to release all the energy gathered in the uterus?

In my approach to tantric message, I leave it to my massage partner to answer these questions. Time wise my massages are open ended. They span hours. They wear me out. If I do it right, they wear her out too.

I found that I could stimulate her vagina more if I used my thumb rather than my index or middle finger or both together. A thumb has a wider range of motion. The flat of the thumb is broader than that of the fingers. I found it best if the thumb was inserted such that the hand cupped her vulva. Turning my hand slightly I made contact with her clit in the crook of my thumb on the side of the first joint. When I moved my thumb, I would stimulate her clit. The one drawback was that I had to position myself so that my hand was positioned properly. This excluded holding her in my arms while thumbing her. But this is about her massage and not me. 

I found that the objective of the yoni massage is to release the energy that has been "collected" in her uterus. This is accomplished by bring her to repeated orgasms. The orgasmic contractions are the means by which energy is released from the uterus. They complete the circle, giving closure to the tantric massage.

The trust that she has in me is immense. It is not of a practitioner/client relationship. It is a partnership between her and me. 

In reflecting upon the nature of the relationship it seems to be a polyamorous one. It is more than a friendship. There are feelings of shared intimacies and trust. We are cognizant of personal things happening in one another's life. We are open, upfront and honest with one another. We are mutually respectful, considerate, honorable and responsible. We recognize that the other has relationships with others and that presents no problem.

When we get together the first thing we do is to spend time getting "reacquainted". It starts with a prolonged hug to reestablish a physical togetherness. That is followed with conversation about things going on in our respective lives. This reestablishes a mental togetherness. The emotional togetherness seems to be there. It is one of trust and mutual appreciation. From my perspective it is about caring and recognizing the honor given me in her trust of me.

The massage occurs in two phases. The first phase is to "release and gather the energy". She guides me with her vocalization of her state of being and her body language. The second phase is the yoni massage to release that gathered energy through a series of orgasms.

Once the yoni massage begins my focus is upon moving her into an orgasmic state and keeping her there. The focus of the massage is her and only her. Of course, I get much pleasure from her body. I enjoy a woman's body and everything about it. I get much joy seeing the pleasure that I'm giving her.

We cuddle afterwards. It feels so natural to do so after the intimacy that we have shared. 

We do kiss but they are not hungry or passionate kisses. The best that I can characterize them, they are kisses of mutual appreciation. 

So that sets the scene. I do the massage in my bedroom on my bed. 

When we enter the bedroom, I strip to my boxer shorts and Megan strips to her panties and bra. I feel that given the intimate nature of the yoni massage for me to stay fully dressed would be inappropriate. Keeping on my boxer shorts reinforces the perspective that the massage is all about Megan.

Megan crawls onto the bed and lies in the middle flat on her stomach. I lubricate my hands, move to the bottom of the bed and standing on the floor begin massaging her legs and feet. I focus my massage along the meridians that lie along the middle of the back of her leg from her buttocks to along both sides of her feet and along the inside of her legs that run up her leg, through her crotch. I stay away from her crotch, though. It is too early. As I massage I keep my hands well lubricated.

I massage using my thumb and the heel of my hand to release energy by rubbing with pressure on both sides of the meridian. Then I cup my hand and using lighter pressure "gather and guide" that energy up to her crotch.

I massage up and down her leg several times. I listen to her. Megan purrs. It "tells" me about her state of being. I try different techniques: grasping her leg between my hands and moving my hands up and down her leg while releasing energy with my thumb. I also release energy with the heel of my hand. I search to discover what techniques are most effective. Once I find them I massage using them. When I feel Megan is in a "good" state of being I instruct her to move down to the edge and kneel in a downward position, butt up and head down on the pillow.

I lean over and unhook her bra. I begin massaging her back from her neck to her butt. Again it is important to keep my hands well lubricated. I use a personal, silicon-based lubricant. I begin by massaging her neck and then her shoulders. There are four meridians that start on her scalp and continue down her back, over her buttocks and then down the back of her legs. I had earlier "collected energy" from along those in her legs.

I begin massaging her back, releasing energy and gathering and guiding it down to her lower back. I work along each of the meridians. I reach beneath her, below her breasts, and release and gather energy along the meridian that run to her lower back. I massage lower onto her buttocks, lowering her panties to massage skin-on-skin. I listen to her purring. I remove her panties.

I reach my hand beneath her between her legs and with closed fingers bring my hand down with the flat of my fingers pressing against her pussy. I do it repeatedly. Then I do with fingers spread, dragging my outside fingers along the sides. Several meridians merge in her crotch. I massage her pussy as I'm doing this. I listen to her. As I'm dragging my hand down I drop a finger between her labia drawing it down. First one finger, then another until all my fingers are massaging her vulva. I fondle her pussy grasping her clit nerve sheath between her labia and massage it. Megan likes that. She likes her pussy being fondled. She likes to have her pussy being played with. When I feel that she is sufficiently wet I slip my thumb into her vagina with the side of the first joint of the index finger resting on her clit.

I had learned from my Web searches that the typical length of a vagina is about 3" long and about 2" wide. It expands in both width and length during sexual arousal. My thumb measures 2.75" long and 1" at its widest part. For my middle finger, it is 3.5" long and 7/8" at its widest point. Thus, if Megan's vagina is sufficiently lubricated I should have no difficulty insert my thumb into her vagina.

With the flat of my thumb I stimulate her G-spot. With the crook of my thumb I stimulate her clit. I put pressure on her vulva and massage it. I listen to her. I listen to her breathing and her purring. I watch her contractions when she orgasms. I ease back some but do not remove my thumb. After her breathing settles I begin again and bring her to another orgasm. I remove my thumb and fondle her pussy, covering my hand in her wetness. 

After a while, Megan turns to lie on her back. In order to be able to stimulate her G-spot with my thumb it is necessary for me to kneel on the floor. It that position I can readily changed thumbs as one tires. I continue to listen to Megan breathe and watch her contractions as she orgasms. 

After a while we change position. I prop up against the headboard and she lies down before me on her back, her groin close to me so that I can readily insert my thumb into her vagina. With my fingers again on her vulva we languish in that position with me stimulating her vagina and vulva. Megan reaches down under my fingers and stimulates her clit with the tip of her finger. From time to time I might doze off. If I do, Megan reassures me that it wasn't for long.

After a while, we change positions again. Megan lies across my lap with her hips on my lap. Her pussy is readily accessible. I play. I fondle. I stimulate. Megan purrs. Her body language was evident. I smile.

We change positions again. I spoon her. I remove my boxers so that, like her, I am naked. We spoon skin-to-skin. I reach around her and insert my fingers into her vagina. Megan likes the feeling. I fondle her with my fingers.

Megan likes to have her pussy licked. I have a predilection for burying my face into a wet, enveloping pussy. I like everything about it. Megan has such a pussy. As my hands tire I slip down and lick her pussy. I get "lost" licking her pussy. 

During the yoni massage, it is necessary to keep her pussy and vagina well lubricated. As you'd expect, some additional lubricant is needed. I was hesitant about ingesting a silicon-based lubricant. I researched and found that vegetable oil could be used. We decided on a light olive oil. For consumption, olive oil is supposed to be a healthier choice.

When we spoon, I can see the expression on Megan's face clearly. Watching her facial expressions as I keep her in her orgasmic state and bring her to multiple orgasms is awesome. They say a woman "glows" when she marries and when she gives birth to a baby. Megan glows when she orgasms while in her orgasmic state. It fills me with joy knowing that I was able to make that happen. I get so joyful that I have to consciously struggle not to laugh out loud to vent my happiness.

There is an interesting dynamic about it. I am so happy, so filled with joy that I just want to continue fondling and playing with Megan's pussy and slipping down to lick it because I know that doing so gives her joy and makes her happy. When I do she purrs and orgasms giving me joy. A "vicious" circle.

There is a natural ending to the massage. As we are spooning with my hand buried between her legs playing with her pussy we both nod off to sleep. 

When Megan leaves we separate as very special friends, not lovers, both anticipating the next massage.