 It had been six weeks since her last trip south. Todd had left a message on her voicemail indicating his pleasure with the pilot he had been running and was ready to discuss the next steps. Jack also indicated that he needed to discuss some additional services that his organization was considering. After a conversation with Todd, she had scheduled her next trip to Texas. Although it was almost time to call it a day but she decided to call Jack back before leaving.

Jessica could hear the excitement in his voice when he answered, "Jessica! When are you coming down?"

"I will be flying down this Sunday," her voice professional for anyone overhearing her conversation.

"Mmm," Jack clearly didn't require discretion. "I should pick you up at the airport."

As discretely as possible, Jessica made plans for Jack to pick her up. Jack's agenda was quite clear. After logging off her computer, she packed it away and left the office for the day. 

It was late Friday night when Josh and Jessica returned home from the movie theater. He couldn't keep his hands off her for most of the night. Ever since Jessica booked her trip to Houston, Josh had been more sex crazed than usual. They barely closed the apartment door when Josh pulled her close and gave her a long hot kiss.

After a hot passionate love session, Josh lay on top of her with his cock draining its sticky load deep in her pussy. His lips hovered over hers, "You should let Jack fuck you on this trip." 

Jessica pulled his face to hers and kissed him, "You want Jack to shoot a big load in my pussy baby?"

Josh's cock answered with a twitch.

Sunday arrived quickly and before she knew it, she was kissing Josh good-bye at the airport. In a few hours she would arrive in Houston to be greeted by Jack the same way. Her flight was uneventful and she felt her excitement build as she made her way in to the airport. It only took a moment and Jack's smile caught her eye.

Jack wrapped his arms around her, "I've missed you baby girl."

"Hi." Jessica raised her lips and Jack pressed his against hers.

Jack held the door and watched Jessica climb in. The sexy blue skirt she wore climbed her thighs as she took a seat. After taking in the view of her slender legs for a moment, he slowly closed the door and made his way to the driver's seat. He watched as Jessica took his hand and gently placing it high on her bare thigh. Glancing over he realized she had raised it further allowing a glimpse of her bare pussy.

"See anything you like?" Jessica's eyes sparkled.

Jack's eyes focused on her thighs before pulling her legs apart, "It's been too long baby girl. Daddy needs this bad."

As Jack drove to the hotel, Jessica sat with her seat back and her legs spread. His hands rubbed and played in her wetness with an occasional penetration which caused her to moan. Jack's cock strained awkwardly in his pants begging to be released. Barely placing the car in park, Jack pulled his cock out and pumped it a couple times. 

"See anything you like?" Jack mimicked her earlier question with devilish eyes.

A sly smile crossed Jessica's face, "Put that seat back."

No sooner was Jack reclined when she climbed over the console and straddled his thighs. Her ass awkwardly pressed against the steering wheel. Slowly she stroked his hardness with both hands never taking her eyes from his. Leaning forward she fed her lips to Jack while she slowly slid her pussy up and down his rock hard shaft.

Jack's eyes opened widely when he felt her hand grab his cock and begin rubbing it against her wet opening. Unsure of her next step, he stilled himself letting her take control of the situation. Her slippery folds teased the head of his cock and every so often, she lowered herself pushing the tip at her opening before going back to teasing him. 

Jessica enjoyed watching the confused torment on Jack's face as she teased his cock. When his big hand slid up to the base of her neck pulling her lips tight to his, she began lowering herself onto his cock. An audible gasp left her mouth as his fat head stretched at her opening. Jack's hips could no longer remain and began to slowly gyrate under her trying to push deeper.

"Oh fuck!" Jack's voice muffled as they kissed. "You are so fucking tight."

Slowly sliding up and down, Jessica worked his cock in to her rapidly moistening love canal, "Your cock feels so good."

Those were the only words Jack needed to hear; he put his hands on her hips and began thrusting up in to her pussy causing her to yip with every thrust. Once he was buried in her, he moved his hands to her delicious ass and began squeezing her cheeks as his fingers worked their way to her back door. 

His fingers traced the object in her ass before slowly pulling at it, "Good girl" he pulled the plug out slightly and let it pop back in her ass. "You like the present Daddy bought you, don't you?"

Jessica nodded and gasped the word, "Yes!" An intense orgasm was building deep inside her and she was focused on making herself cum. Her hips ground her bean tight against his pubic bone as his big cock moved ever so slightly in and out of her. When Jack pulled the plug all the way out and slammed it back in to her ass, her pussy exploded. Her body convulsed wildly on his cock as she tried to brace herself using the steering wheel as a backrest.

Through half eyes she glanced down at Jack; he lay back rocking his head side to side with his eyes closed while gnawing at his bottom lip. She knew he was close, "cum in me! Cum in my pussy Daddy!" As if those words were what he needed to hear, she watched his face contort and felt his hips begin to plough up in to her until his balls unloaded his sticky load deep inside her. 

His orgasm seemed endless as his cock pulsed deep inside the tiny blonde impaled on his cock. Her tight pussy milked and massaged his cock until it softened. When she climbed off him, he noted the wetness on the front of his pants and traces of his cum.

They kissed deeply on the elevator ride to her room; she could feel Jack's sticky seed finally making its way out of her pussy from its deep hiding place. Standing in her room, his cum was now running down to her knees; Jack had filled her with a huge load of his seed. 

"I'm going to have a quick bath," Jessica motioned towards the bathroom door. "Care to join me?"

Without a word, Jack walked in and turned the tub on. Turning to her he pointed at the drying cum stain on the front of his pants, "Look what you did little girl!"

Jack removed his pants and climbed in to the bubbling hot bath. Jessica did her best to clean the front of his pants with a wet cloth before hanging them over the counter to dry. When she turned to Jack, he was smiling wildly at her.

"What?" Jessica eyed him suspiciously.

With a 'come here' gesture of the finger he told her to turn around, "Let me take that out for you."

Jack gently tugged on the anal plug, intentionally letting it drive home over and over. The sight of this sexy little blonde bent over with a full view of his cum oozing out her tiny pink pussy was amazing. He wanted nothing more than to be hard again and bury himself in her. The smell of her pussy and sex filled the bathroom as he tormented her ass with the plug; after much teasing, he finally removed the big toy from her ass and invited her in to the tub.

Jessica pressed her back in to Jack's as his big hands soaped and pawed at her breasts while he kissed her neck. With two fingers, Jessica slowly massaged her opening trying to get the rest of Jack's sticky load out of her. The action of her fingers took her mind to another place though; her pussy was alive and needed another release.

"Have you got another big orgasm in there for Daddy?" Jack kissed her ear after whispering the words.

Jessica nodded, "Yes." Her fingers massaged and pushed at her opening knowing exactly what she needed. She arched her hips forcing her bald mound out of the water and she furiously rubbed and fucked herself with two fingers. 

Jack sucked at her neck and lobe never taking his eyes off her hands. He squeezed her breasts firmly, occasionally tugging at her tender nipples. Slipping his legs under her, he pushed her up out of the water so he could see more of her.

Jessica flipped a leg over the side of the tub and moaned quietly as she worked herself over. The orgasm was there; she could feel it building but couldn't bring it to the surface. Her frustration began to grow as she tried to get the evasive orgasm to the surface.

"Let me help baby girl." Sensing her building frustration, Jack instructed her to sit on the edge of the tub.

Jessica sat on the edge spread eagle fondling herself while Jack licked and sucked at her breasts. Her pussy began to ache for release as she pushed her fingers deep in to her soaking wet hole. Jessica watched Jack stand up and stroke his semi erect cock.

"I know what my baby needs." Jack moved closer and put his cock between her lips.

Jessica sucked his cock as if she was starving. The soft skin of his cock felt amazing on her tongue. The faint taste of bubble bath and his musk washed her mouth as she worked his cock. His hands grabbed her hair forcefully causing her to yelp and forcing her eyes to meet his.

"You suck Daddy's cock like a good girl." He pushed his cock in her mouth catching her off guard and causing her to gag. "Yeah baby, gag on that cock."

Jessica's body began to tremble and she lost control of her legs as her orgasm exploded under her fingers. If it wasn't for the firm grip Jack had on her head and his legs between hers, she would have slid off the edge of the tub.

"Good girl." Jack pulled his semi hard cock from her mouth. "I knew you just needed something to suck on to help you cum."

Jessica purred. He was right; she always came easier when she had a cock to play with at the same time.

Jack watched Jessica wrapped herself in a small towel and disappear in to the sitting area. Slowly he got dressed and looked over the crotch of his pants; not bad he thought, you can barely see the stain. A moment later he was fully dressed and exited the bathroom.

"What are your plans tomorrow?" Jack sat beside her on the love seat.

Jessica moved closer to him, "Meetings with Chemflo, then dinner."

"A team dinner?" Jack smiled.

Jessica chuckled, "No, just Todd and his Ops Manager."

"Well, if you aren't out too late, I could come over and keep you company again." Jack leaned over and kissed her ear.

"I do get lonely." Her words were flirtatious.