 Nick woke feeling great. He opened his eyes and looked up at ceiling. He could feel an exquisite body wrapped around his own, he reached down and traced his hand along the curve of her hip.

He grabbed the full cheek of her ass and squeezed.

With that, Elena woke up and sighed.

"Morning Mr Davis," she said sleepily.

The exquisite beauty in his bed was his neighbour's daughter.

Nick remembered everything, the lingerie, the taste of her cum, the arch of her back, the condom being pulled off, the feeling of shooting his seed inside her. His conscience berated him for cheating on Angela, in their bed, with Elena wearing her anniversary gift.

Elena looked up at Nick, she was losing him.

She leaned up and kissed him, opening his lips and easing her tongue into his mouth.

This had the intended effect of silencing Nick's conscience and he kissed back.

His hands traced up her stocking clad legs and cupped her ass.

She glanced at the clock and reluctantly broke the kiss.

"Mr Davis, I hate to stop this. But we better clean this room up," Elena sighed.

Nick followed her implication and his gut twisted.

"We can enjoy it though," Elena said suggestively.

She picked up Nick's phone and handed it to him.

"You can take pictures of the girl who's going to be your maid for a morning," Elena chuckled.

Nick looked at the tall, lithe teen wearing nothing but a black garter belt and thigh high stockings. He opened camera on his phone. She posed several times as Nick took a series of sexy photos. Nick could swear he could some of his cum dried on her pussy lips, which made his cock stir.

Elena got a wicked idea. Instead of going over to her clothes, she reached down and picked up Angela's panties. As if she thought nothing of it, she started putting them on. 

She then headed over to the bra and did the same.

She could see Nick couldn't keep his eyes off her.

"Get up, we've got a bit to do," Elena mock snapped at Nick.

Nick got up reluctantly and got dressed.

Elena stepped into the skirt and pulled the sweater on. She looked herself over. The stockings didn't quite work with the skirt, but Elena was happy enough to walk home in them.

She picked up her matching purple set of bra and panties and offered them to Nick.

"Want something to remember me by?" Elena asked Nick coyly.

Nick realised Elena had put on the anniversary set he had given Angela.

"Elena. Give me the black set back," Nick said.

Elena pouted.

"Do you remember where you got them?" Elena asked hopefully.

"Yeah, they were Agent Provocateur," Nick replied.

"Good. You can get a replacement set for Mrs Davis there. You saw me in these, you know I looked better, so I'm keeping them," Elena explained simply, leaning into Nick and kissing him deeply.

Nick realised as sweet and passionate the kiss was that Elena was serious. She put her bra and panties in his pocket.

Elena broke the kiss. "Let's clean this place up," she said.

They stripped the sheets and put them on to wash. Nick thought for a moment, before putting Elena's underwear in one of the drawers of his closet. Elena stood smirking in the kitchen as she threw out the unused condom.

She gave the whole house a once over for any sign that she had been there, before she went to the hall where Nick was waiting.

Nick watched as Elena combed the house for any signs. He admired her curves and ass as she passed from room to room. He kept undressing her down to his wife's lingerie and couldn't believe that he was turned on by her taking them.

She walked up to him and kissed him firmly.

"Well Mr Davis, I had a great time last night. But I feel bad," Elena admitted.

Nick looked at Elena confused.

"Well, we had fun in your bed, but I feel I should pay you back," Elena said suggestively.

Nick's conscience was protesting, but he placed his hands on Elena's hips.

"What did you have in mind?" Nick asked.

Elena smiled at this.

"Well how about you come over to my house and maybe we can figure out together?" Elena asked coyly.

Nick felt his cock harden at this.

"Angela is due back soon," Nick replied.

"Well grab your gym bag and if she calls you can explain you're in the gym. That's why you're out of the house, and it'd explain why you'd be freshly showered," Elena reasoned sweetly.

Nick marvelled at the brilliantly devious girl in front of him.

"Yeah, from exercising at the gym. Not anything else," Nick chuckled.

Elena giggled.

"I'll go get ready. You go get everything you need," Elena whispered and kissed Nick's neck, giving his cock a squeeze before leaving.

Nick hurried around the house, grabbing sportswear, his shower kit and flinging them into his gym bag.

His conscience was ignored as he scribbled a note for Angela and locked up the house.

Elena had arrived home and started changing.

She looked at herself in the mirror.

Nick had left three faint hickeys on her neck, but she could easily conceal them. She could still feel Nick's dried cum on her pussy lips also.

"This certainly makes this weekend a success. And I've got him back for a second round. Though this is certainly the icing on the cake," Elena remarked.

She looked at the black lacy bra that cupped her breasts perfectly. The matching briefs that hugged her hips. The garter belt that held the delicious feeling stockings up and completed the set. Elena was fairly certain she was wearing a lingerie set that was worth a couple hundred dollars. And she had taken them. She hadn't gotten the set bought for her by Mr Davis, she had taken them from Mrs Davis.

She could feel her pussy tingle, she had been very bad.

"I better get ready for Mr Davis," Elena said to herself and looked at her wardrobe.

"What to wear?" she mused.

She looked through her clothes, trying to discern what would leave the strongest impression on Mr Davis. She spotted it in a moment.

"Oh, this is bad," Elena giggled to herself and took the hanger off the rack.

Nick arrived at the Matthews' front door, his heart pounding in his chest, eager to see what Elena had for him and also get out of sight before Angela came back.

He rang the bell, checking his phone nervously. Angela could be back any minute.

The door opened and Nick was awestruck.

Elena had her hair down, looking at him with mischievous eyes. Her make up and lipstick exuded sexuality. She was dressed in a white blouse with a loose tie, short chequered skirt, black stockings and black heels.

"Come in, Mr Davis. We wouldn't want anyone spying," Elena said in a sultry tone.

Nick stepped in and Elena closed the door behind him.

"That's your old school uniform, isn't it?" Nick murmured, drinking in every inch of her.

"Yes. I thought you'd appreciate a 'unique' opportunity," Elena whispered in his ear.

"How about we head up to my bedroom?" Elena suggested softly. 

She took Nick by the hand and led him up the stairs to her bedroom.

She turned to face Nick.

"Well Mr Davis, what would you like to do?" Elena asked innocently.

Nick's phone rang.

They looked at each other. Elena wrapped her arms around his neck and her leg curled around his, bringing their waists together. 

"You know what to say," Elena assured him.

'Now for the test,' Elena thought to herself.

Nick answered the phone. 

"Hello?" he asked.

"Hey Nick! I'm home. You're at the gym?" Angela asked.

Nick looked the willowy form of Elena up and down.

She took his free left hand and carefully put his ring finger in her mouth. She gripped his wedding ring between her teeth and pulled it off his finger. She dropped into her open palm and looked up at Nick.

"Yeah I just got here. I was going to work up a good sweat and hit the shower before I come home," Nick lied.

"Mmm, I like the sound of that. Well get back when you're done, I'm eager to say hello," Angela whispered seductively.

Nick looked at the adulterous daydream in front of him.

"I'll get back later," Nick said, savouring every inch of Elena.

'Well Mr Davis has made his choice," Elena thought to herself gleefully.

"See you soon honey," Angela said.

"See you soon," Nick said distractedly and hung up the phone.

Elena looked at Nick expectantly.

"Care to enjoy the younger model?" Elena asked sweetly.

"Oh, I will," Nick promised, running his right hand up her skirt.

"So, what do you want to do first Mr Davis?" Elena asked.

"I want you to get down on your knees Elena," Nick growled.

Elena smirked at this and dropped to her knees. Nick was finally figuring out how to play with her.

She opened his jeans and pulled them down. She pulled down his underwear, freeing his cock.

Nick rested his hand on the back of her head.

Elena kissed, licked and stroked his already stiff cock.

"Elena, that is incredible," Nick groaned.

"Do you like the idea of a good schoolgirl giving you head?" Elena asked lustfully.

"I love the idea of you doing it," Nick answered as Elena took his length into her mouth.

She bobbed her head, taking more and more of his cock into her mouth and throat.

Nick looked down as Elena pleasured him expertly, his conscience silenced. He revelled in her attention this time.

"Fuck Elena," Nick gasped.

She withdrew and his cock popped out.

"Well Mr Davis that is the plan," Elena replied naughtily as she stood and pulled the t-shirt over Nick's head. He unbuttoned her blouse and knelt in front of her.

Elena looked down at Nick as he reached up her skirt and pulled down his wife's former panties.

'How far can he go?" Elena wondered to himself.

"Mr Davis? What should I do with your ring?" Elena asked, offering his wedding ring with her open hand.

Nick was intently focused on the pussy in front of him.

"Hold onto it," Nick replied.

"Alright, I'll put it somewhere it stays warm," Elena said slyly and with Nick watching, she dropped his ring into her cleavage.

"Ohhh, that feels nice in there," Elena purred.

Nick kissed her pussy lips and started licking her clit. He resolved to use every trick he knew to please Elena.

He alternated between many pleasurable spots, licking, sucking and kissing each in turn.

"Mr Davis?" Elena asked breathlessly.

Nick paused and looked up at the flush teen.

"I want you to take me," Elena implored him.

Nick rose and kissed Elena passionately. They fell back on the bed, lost in each other's bodies.

Nick instinctively thrust his cock into her wet pussy.

Elena gasped as Nick claimed her pussy in a stroke.

'Mmm, Mr Davis has definitely chosen me. Not even a question about condoms. Not that I'd have admitted to having any,' Elena thought to herself.

"So Mr Davis, how about we role play a bit?" Elena wondered.

Nick thrust in and out of Elena hungrily.

"Mr Davis, I know you want me. But, you need to say it" Elena insisted.

"Say what?" Nick asked, focused on the tightness of her pussy and drunk with pleasure.

"That you prefer me to Angela," Elena said flatly.

Nick paused at that. Despite his pleasure and the passion they had shared, this was something else. He looked down at the schoolgirl that had corrupted him, with his slick unprotected cock sunk in her pussy.

"You were right earlier, you're a younger, hotter, taller model. I do prefer you to my wife," Nick admitted and started thrusting again. He felt impossibly aroused at that confession. He remembered she was wearing Angela's lingerie and this heightened his arousal

"You love me, don't you Mr Davis?" Elena asked, sensing she could push Nick further.

Nick realised it was a mistake but didn't care.

"Yes Elena, I love you," Nick said as he continued to fuck her.

"You don't love Angela anymore do you?" Elena sniffed cruelly.

"No, I prefer you," Nick answered again, aware it was a mistake, yet it was becoming more and more honest.

"Good, now cum inside me" Elena moaned as her orgasm came.

Nick looked at the teenage neighbour writhing beneath him and realised he wanted nothing more than to fill her with his seed.

With a roar more than a grunt he came inside Elena's cunt, pumping his seed into her fertile womb.

"Oh Mr Davis, you sure know how to please a girl," Elena said and kissed him deeply.

Nick lay back panting, Elena wrapped around his naked form. Nick glanced down. The open blouse, his wife's bra, a schoolgirl's skirt and his wife's stockings were the sexiest outfit Nick had never imagined.

"I suppose I better shower," Nick sighed.

"Yeah, I suppose so," Elena agreed begrudgingly.

Nick got up and walked into the ensuite and dug out his shower kit.

He looked back and spied Elena.

She had taken off the skirt, blouse and bra. She was standing facing the mirror, Nick could see his fresh cum seeping out of her pussy. Elena was posing in the garter belt and stockings with Nick's ring loose on her ring finger, showing an expression of wicked satisfaction.

Her phone rang and she answered.

"Hey Mom, what's up?" Elena asked sweetly as she scooped the leaking cum from her pussy with her finger and examined the pearly whiteness.

"Nothing, we'll be back later this evening. Everything ok with you?" Elena's mom answered.

"Yeah, Mrs Davis made me dinner last night and Mr Davis dropped by and 'gave it' to me. I called back over later to 'show my appreciation', don't worry. They've been so good to me," Elena remarked and sucked Nick's seed off her finger.

"Well be sure you thank Mr and Mrs Davis personally," Elena's mom said.

Elena turned about and looked Nick dead in the eye.

"Alright Mom, I'm going to go thank Mr Davis personally," Elena said sweetly, removing the stockings and garter belt for the first time since she had 'acquired' them.

Nick stepped into the shower and gestured Elena in.

"Got to go, give my love to dad," Elena added and hung up, stepping into the shower.

Nick pushed Elena against the tiles and thrust his cock inside her.

Nick savoured the sight of steamy water running across her young, fit body.

He fucked her slowly, hoping that he could stretch out their final encounter.

She moaned loudly, crying out Nick's name, Nick marvelled at the feeling of his own wedding ring running down his back. Nick focused on her body, revisiting every curve.

He turned her around and grabbed her hair, pulling with a gentle insistence. Elena arched her back as Nick ploughed her.

Elena felt wickedly aroused. She had seduced Nick and here he was fucking her in her shower, instead of home with his wife. His ring, though loose fitting felt delicious on her hand. With each thrust he made, she ground back on his thick cock, trying to take him deeper inside her.

His cock was slick with their mixed cum and Elena could practically feel her wetness and his thick seed mix in her cunt. Each thrust kept what was already inside her from seeping out.

"Oh God I'm close," Elena cried throatily.

"Fuck, me too," Nick groaned.

"Nick, push as far as you can inside me and hold it there," Elena gasped.

Nick withdrew almost entirely and thrust his cock up to the hilt inside her. 

With that, Elena came. 

The walls of her pussy contracting and massaging his cock sensuously. Her fresh cum coating his cock, causing Nick to shout with pleasure and pump his seed into her cunt.

They both slumped against the tiles and turned off the shower. The room was filled with steam.

"You have to go, don't you?" Elena asked Nick despondently.

"Yeah," Nick sighed.

They both got out and towelled off.

Nick got dressed in the bathroom and reluctantly packed his bag.

He heard Elena from her room.

"Hey, Mr Davis?" Elena called out.

Nick stepped out into her room to see Elena, with her hair wet and clad in her trophy, the black set of lingerie she had taken from Angela.

She gave Nick a sexy smile that made his heart flutter and his cock twitch.

"One for the road?" Elena asked seductively.

Nick dropped his bag and crossed the distance in an instant. He took her in his arms and kissed her passionately, deeply, resolving to kiss her the last time with everything he had.

Their hands hungrily grabbed at each other's bodies, tongues tasting each other, lips pressed together as if they'd never part.

Yet, eventually the kiss broke. 

"Wow," Elena breathed.

"That's what I was going for," Nick admitted.

"You'll need this," Elena said and placed Nick's ring on his right ring finger.

"Angela may not appreciate this," Nick commented despite the dirty thrill he felt at displaying his infidelity to his wife.

"If she asks just say it wasn't sitting right on your left hand and it's more comfortable where it is now," Elena assured the cheating husband in front of her.

Elena led him downstairs and Nick promptly left, knowing the sooner he did, the easier it would be to return to Angela.

Nick walked back to his house and opened the door to see Angela standing in the hall expectantly. His mind was a panic, before Angela rushed towards him and hugged him hard. 

"Hey you," Nick said, already missing the feel of Elena in his arms. Angela was a lesser comparison now which Nick felt guilty for, for a moment, before he realised he didn't.

"Did you see the hole in the back garden?" Angela asked.

"What?" Nick asked confusedly.

"Yeah, there's a hole in the back garden. Elena literally just called and told me about it," 

Angela explained.

"Oh. That was helpful of her," Nick commented. He grinned inwardly, she was a very smart girl. Nick had forgotten Angela could have seen him leaving the Matthews' from the front of the house.

"How about your favourite for dinner?" Nick asked.

"Best husband ever!" Angela squealed and hugged him tight.

They ate and caught up over the meal, but Nick could see Angela had that look in her eye. She took him by the hand and started leading him to the stairs, when the doorbell rang.

Angela sighed and opened the door.

She was greeted by the sight of Elena, wearing the same sweater and denim skirt as earlier. What took Nick a further moment to notice as he was behind his wife, was Elena was wearing a familiar set of black stockings.

His heart stopped for an instant before he smirked, Elena noticed this and grinned at both him and Angela.

"Hi Elena, everything alright?" Angela said. "Also, nice stockings. Though I'm not sure they go with that skirt," Angela observed.

"Hi Mrs Davis. Yeah, I can see what you mean. But I practically stole them, so I'm wearing them all the time," Elena confessed.

"I get what you mean," Angela chuckled. "So...what's up then?" Angela asked.

Elena gave Angela a hug.

"Thank you for the food you gave me," Elena said and hugged Angela.

Angela was taken aback initially, but hugged back briefly and Elena stepped back.

"Thank you for dropping the food over," Elena said and hugged Nick in the exact same way. He could smell her coconut shampoo, her enticing perfume. He could feel her breasts pressed against his chest.

Elena could feel Nick's stiffening cock press against her groin. She resisted temptation and as she dropped her arms she deftly passed over his back pocket.

She stepped back, bid them both good night and left.

"She's a sweet kid," Angela said. "Meet you upstairs in two," Angela murmured sexily and strode upstairs.

Nick waited until he heard her reach the next floor before reaching into his right back pocket. He found a piece of paper and opened it.

'Dear Mr. Davis,

I know we said goodbye earlier, but I had to see you again. Also, I wanted to see if I could wear Angela's lingerie while talking to her. 

If you're like me and want to see what more fun there could be between us, then save this on your phone. 

Feel free to call me if you're ever around where I'm studying, or if you want to hear the voice of your younger model.
