 Jessica arrived home to her empty home. It was only 10 AM and she knew it would be a while before Josh would be home. She needed him so badly, but would have to wait. Sitting on the couch, she began to think about how long it had been since she talked to her best friend Monica.

Monica has been her best friends since high school and stood as her maid of honor. Her best friend was always single and couldn't be happier. Monica always boasted the benefits of not being tied down to just one guy. Jessica enjoyed hearing the stories that her raven haired friend shared when they got together. This time, Jessica would be telling the stories. Picking up her phone, Jessica chuckled to herself, "Monica is never going to believe what I've been up to."

Forty minutes later, Jessica walked in to her favorite café and found a quiet booth in the back. A tall guy took her order and she watched as he walked away. Jessica figured he was a college student and admired his tight swimmer build and bleach blonde hair as he made his way behind the counter. 

Monica arrived shortly after the waiter brought her latte over. Jessica smiled and gave a gentle wave at Monica as she made her way over. The waiter stared at Monica clearly enjoying the view. Monica didn't acknowledge his burning eyes as she made her way to Jessica. Standing quickly, Jessica hugged her best friend. 

As the girls caught up on recent events, Jessica felt like she was going to burst holding her news in. Finally she blurted, "Monica, you will never believe what I have been up to!"

"Oh my god Jess, are you pregnant?" Monica was excited.

"No, nothing like that." Jessica rolled her eyes.

Without hesitation, Jessica filled her in on Jack and Josh over the past few months, Monica playfully smacked Jessica's hand, "You dirty little slut Jess! I'm so proud of you." 

"Coming from you, I'll take that as a compliment." Jessica beamed a naughty smile.

"Honestly, I'm so jealous now Jess." Monica was being sincere. "You have the best of both worlds now."

Jessica couldn't help but smile and nod; she knew she was in a unique situation.

"Is Josh playing with other girls?"

"He hasn't mentioned wanting to. Do you think he does?" Jessica hadn't thought about Josh with another woman.

"Would you let him play with another woman Jess?" Monica raised her brow playfully.

As Jessica thought about it she was mixed with emotion; would she want another woman to pleasure her man? "I don't know M. I really hadn't thought about it."

"It's only fair Jess." Monica looked sternly at her. "If he wants another woman, you should be open to that as well. Maybe you guys can start swinging! That would be so hot." Monica's voice rose with excitement at the thought.

The girls chatted more and Monica gave Jessica more things to consider about where her relationship may end up going. Having eaten and caught up on each other's adventures, it was time for Jessica to get going so she could be there to meet her hubby when he got home. Jessica promised that she would do a better job of staying in touch and keeping Monica in the loop.

Once home, Jessica tied her hair up and had a quick shower to freshen up. Toweling off, she slipped a sheer black teddy over herself and climbed on the bed. Josh would be home any moment now and she wanted to be ready for him. Using the new toy that Jack had bought her, she lubed it up and slowly worked it in and out of herself. The sensation of the plug stretching and releasing her tight ass made her pussy even wetter. If Josh wasn't home soon, she was going to finish without him.

Josh had a hard time focusing for the last few hours; knowing that Jess was home. It was all he could do not to just take the rest of the day off. Finally arriving home, he parked quickly and unlocked the front door. Stepping in, it was evident that Jess was home but she was not in sight. Sneaking down the hall, he wanted to catch her by surprise. 

Peering around the corner he looked through the open door of their bedroom and smiled as he watched his wife. Lying on her back with her knees bent, she was slowly fucking herself. Unbuttoning his pants, he quietly stepped out of them and began stroking his cock. It wasn't long before he couldn't resist and made his way in to the room.

No words were spoken; Jessica's eyes met his as he climbed on the bed beside her face. Josh put the head of his swollen cock to his pretty wife's lips and watched as she took him eagerly in to her mouth. Jessica's hands released the plug and felt it settle deep in her ass. Josh moaned as Jessica's hands wrapped the shaft of his cock as he fucked her hot mouth.

Jessica pulled his cock from her mouth, "I need you to fuck me baby! I need this cock so badly."

Josh didn't need to be told twice and moved off the bed to get in position. Jessica climbed up on her hands and knees revealing the jewel in her ass to Josh.

"Fuck baby that looks hot." His big hands squeezed her cheeks firmly before giving her a slap.

Josh climbed behind her and pushed his hardness in to her soaking wet pussy until he was buried in her. Jessica screamed out in pleasure as his cock pounded her deeply. Once in her, Josh began pounding her pussy wildly. His hands pulled her hips back to meet his thrusting cock. Gasps of air and cries of pleasure escaped involuntarily from Jessica's lips as he savagely fucked her pussy.

Josh slowed his thrusts and focused on her ass jewellery. Grabbing the plug, he slowly pulled it out watching her ass stretch as the thickest section made its way out. It was much bigger that he imagined from the picture Jack had sent. Josh lined it back up to her ass and pushed it all the way back in making Jessica moan loudly.

The feeling of Josh's cock buried in her pussy and the plug invading her ass was too much for her and she started to cum. As her orgasm swept over her, Josh began fucking her faster while driving the plug in and out of her at the same time. 

Orgasm after orgasm, Jessica exploded until she collapsed on the bed exhausted. "Give me a minute." Jessica panted.

Josh responded by pulling the plug from her ass and his cock from her dripping pussy. "Time to fuck that little ass baby."

Josh straddled her as she lay flat on the bed and his cock pushed its way passed the tight muscles of her ass taking her anal virginity. Josh grabbed a handful of her hair as he slowly moved his cock in and out of her ass, each time pushing himself deeper.

Josh fucked half his cock in and out of her and watched his wife squirm beneath him as her ass adjusted to his hard cock. The plug had prepared her for his girth, but not the deep probing that Josh was now giving her.

"I've waited a long time to fuck this little ass of yours Jess." Josh smacked her ass causing it to echo as Jessica whimper in pleasure. "You like my big cock in that ass, don't you my little slut?"

"Yes baby, fuck my ass." Jessica's voice was pitched.

Josh's big hands pulled her hips up in to a doggy position. "It's time to get this cock buried in that ass."

"Gentle! Please be gentle baby!" Jessica begged through the pleasure and pain his cock was giving her.

Josh responded by applying more lube to the shaft of his cock as he worked it deeper in to her.

It wasn't long before Josh was thrusting his long cock in to her ass. Jessica had adjusted herself and her hand rubbed her pussy wildly as Josh took her long awaited ass. His breathing began to get ragged and his hands grasped her hips as he pushed himself deep and held it there.

Jessica collapsed under Josh's weight and he plunged deeper as he collapsed on her. Josh grabbed a big handful of her hair pulling her hair back as he ploughed deeply until his cock exploded. Jessica could feel his hot load emptying in her. Josh's grip on her hair slowly released and they collapsed on the bed with his cock still planted deeply in her.

Josh pulled her face to his and kissed her. "Fuck Jess, I love you! That was so fucking hot."

Jessica kissed her husband as he massaged her breasts. She could feel his cock begin to soften and slowly make its way out of her ass. A few minutes later they stood embraced in the shower kissing and rubbing their soapy bodies together. Josh washed her back end and couldn't help telling her how much he enjoyed taking her there.

Jessica cleared the dinner table and returned to sit on Josh's lap, "Are you happy with this situation?"

"Situation?" Josh looked puzzled.

Throwing her arm around his neck, "You know the whole playing with other men thing we are doing."

Kissing her neck, "I'm very happy sweetheart. You know it turns me on."

"Do you want to be with other women too?" Jessica looked him in the eyes.

"Like who?" Josh chuckled.

"Any woman. If you wanted to be with another woman, I would understand." As much as Jessica tried to be serious, Josh kept smiling coyly at her.

"Anyone?" 

"Well yeah. I guess." Jessica was confused by his question.

"Okay, I have wanted to fuck Monica forever." He smiled.

Jessica was not expecting that and mumbled, "Monica? I just meant do you want to have the same situation as I have."

"I do Jess. I want to fuck Monica." Josh watched the confused expression on Jessica's face. "I don't want a free pass like I've given you Jess, but I would fuck your best friend silly if given the chance."

Jessica was more confused now than she had been. She had thought talking about it would help her understand where they may be going, but it clearly didn't. Josh recognized the concern and confusion on her face and squeezed her tightly.

"I love you Jess. I like what we have going on and I'm not looking to change anything." Guiding her lips to his he kissed her. "Besides, now that you're a nymphomaniac I can barely keep up with you."