 She was bored and lonely didn't have much to do, so she decided to go to a matinee. With the theater being empty, she got to sit in her favorite place, the back. Settling down with her coke and popcorn she waited for the movie. Munching away and not paying much attention, she glanced to the opposite end of the her row. And there he sat. 

"Oh my, she thought, smiling, "not bad, I wonder what he would be like." Then she noticed that he too was smiling, catching her by surprise. Smiling back, she dropped her head shyly. Being conscious of him at the end of the row, it was difficult to keep from glancing his direction. And every time she did, he was also glancing at her. 

"Boy this isn't going to work," and then she noticed some movement. Looking back again, she watched him walk toward her. 

Sitting down beside her he said,"Hi!" 

She almost fainted right there in the theater, but managed to squeaked out a "Hi!"

He said, "I figured with both of us here in the back row alone, we might as well enjoy the movie together, do u mind?" 

Hell no, she thought but, of course, remained calm and said, "...that would be nice." 

"My name is John." 

"I'm Claire." 

Then they started in on the small talk and sharing her popcorn. He was a very fascinating man, making her laugh, and knowing when to laugh at the things she said. It seemed they had really clicked and they both knew it. 

The movie finally started and they settled back and started watching. A few minutes into the movie, she felt him reach for her hand; it fit comfortably. When the love scene began, they looked at each other, knowingly. Reaching over, he kissed her, his tongue parting her lips, touching, tasting, exploring. 

He leaned back and said, "Will you come to my room?" Taking her hand (she not saying a word), he pulled her to him, and they walked out of the theater. "I'm staying at The Grand and I'm in room 212, come to me." 

Her heart leaped and she felt a shiver go through her. Walking to her car she kept asking herself, " What am i going to do? Should i do this? Shit!" As she was driving away from the theater, amazement and excitement engulfed her as she realized she was going to go. When she arrived, she knocked on the door-it opened and she walks in.

Taking her hand, he walks her to the bed, stops, turns to her and kisses her again. Kissing more passionately, they embrace. He moves his hands down her front and slowly removes her blouse. Touching and caressing her breasts, he feels her nipples, noticing how hard they are. Bending down, he takes her nipple in his mouth and teases. Hearing her sharp intake of breath, he smiles to himself. 

She pulls him back up and takes his shirt off she then slowly runs her hand across his chest, moving her mouth down to lick and nibble on his own hardened nipples. She moves back up and he pulls her closer. They feel the nakedness of each other. 

Moving his hand on down to her pants, he unbuttons them. They fall around her feet. Looking at her, he takes his hands and touches the soft, silky, warm, loveliness of her pussy and sighs as he watches her eyes close with passion. With his finger, he slightly spreads the lips of her pussy open and feels her wetness. He smiles knowing how much she is wanting him. With his pants off now, he feels her take his cock in her hand. Slowly stroking him, he kisses her again, feeling her lean into him. Hearing her moan and listening to her ever deepening breathing, he moves her back toward the bed. Laying her back he gazes upon her. 

Laying naked in bed, she looks up at him as he lays over her. Positioned with her arms above her head, he looks down at her breasts and hard nipples. He leans down, takes one of them in mouth and sucks hard. Lifting his mouth a little, he licks her nipple and nibbles at it with his teeth. She squirms under him. Slowly moving on down her body, licking and tasting her, he stops at her clit. Sucking and nibbling on her swollen, wet, tender clit, he hears her gasp. Her legs spread wider for him. Grabbing his head, she moves him down and back to her clit having him lick and suck everything she has to offer. 

Moving back up to her mouth, he kisses he roughly and pushes his cock deep inside her. Fucking her now, he watches her eyes close and sees her lucious, full mouth part with each slow loving breath of ecstasy she takes. He bends down again and kisses her, taking her tongue in his mouth sucking it back and forth with each stroke he takes in her pussy. Moving back and forth on his hard cock, she grabs him and rolls over with his cock still in her. Straddling him she looks down at him. By moving her arms up over her head, she makes her heavy breasts arch up and out. Grabbing them, he plays with her nipples. She gets on her knees enough so that he can watch his cock going in and out of her. She starts to fuck on his cock-moving, arching her pussy. Moving her pussy down on him she rotates around on his cock, sending him into wonderful ecstasy. She grinds on him, using the wetness running down the shaft of his cock from her.

Her head back and breasts swaying and moving in his hands, he, watching her pussy work its wonder, is almost ready to cum. Quickly, she moves off him and slides down between his legs. Grabbing his cock in her hands, she strokes and looks up to his eyes and smiles. Her mouth moves down and sucks him deep in. Her mouth starts to move up and down on his hard, firm cock while her hand strokes him. She takes him down deep in her mouth and sucks him hard while her hand moves down to his balls, caressing and squeezing.

He starts to fuck her mouth; she grabs his hips and moves her mouth with him. As he starts to moan and his breath grows more short, she knows he is getting close. She moves her mouth to the tip of his cock. Sucking the head, teasing the hole, she feels him tense and quickly takes him deep in her mouth for the final time. He grabs her head and holds her down. She starts to suck and suck hard. Feeling each thrust and squirt of cum hitting the back of her throat, she sucks and swallows. Tasting the hot cum, she smiles to herself knowing she has made him happy. Swallowing the last of his wonderful, hot, delicious cum, she goes back up to the head and licks the last of his drops.