 After three years of marriage, I realized that you must constantly seek out ways to make each other's toes curl. This is the story of one such discovery...

...My husband and I have been volunteers at our local community theatre for over 5 years. We have served in every capacity onstage and off. Most recently, we operated the technical effects for the annual children's production. I was operating the light board, and my husband was controlling the sound effects. For the most part, it is a boring job. The tech booth is a dark, cramped area with large tinted windows looking out onto the stage. The audience is a mere ¼" of Plexiglas away, oblivious to the existence of the room behind them. The tech booth has no door, but opens at the end of a long hallway that leads to the microphone operator's corner and from there into the audience. For two and a half hours a night, I moved sliders from 10 to 0 and vice versa while my husband double clicked sound icons on a notebook computer. Now and again, I was able to chat with the stage manager backstage via the headset, but more often than not she was keeping the cast in line and moving set pieces.

During the second weekend of the three-week run, the staff at the theatre raised the heat in the theatre, and the tech booth was soon nice and toasty. I stripped my sweater off, leaving my breasts straining against my black camisole in the darkness. My husband leaned over and began laying light kisses on my neck, sliding his hands into my shirt and caressing my breasts with a feather touch. After a deliciously agonizing minute of this, he stopped abruptly, turning back to his computer screen and leaving me trembling in my seat.

Shaking my head, I returned to the task at hand, sliding through the next four cues without missing a beat. During a particularly complicated dance scene, I stood up from my chair so that I could see the stage easier. While I ran through the scene like we had hundreds of times before, I trailed my hand over his stiffening cock, massaging it through his pants. I gradually increased the pressure until the end of the scene, when he grabbed my hips and pulled me onto his lap. I rubbed my ass against his crotch until I could feel his veins throbbing through our clothes. 

We were both breathing heavily, and I felt the familiar warmth of arousal spread through my pussy, making me weak in the knees. His lips traced the sensitive line from my collarbone to my earlobe, nibbling and gently licking my skin. His hands roamed my body, pulling my top down and exposing my breasts. I had to bite my lip to prevent a moan from escaping as he began to swirl his tongue around my nipples, sucking them to hard, long points. How the microphone operator didn't hear my heart pounding from where he sat, I'll never know. Or maybe he did hear it...

Glancing through the windows to the stage, I realized that I finally had a lengthy break between cues. I climbed off my husband's lap, clicked the button on my headset, and informed the stage manager I would be back online in a few minutes. It was time to take advantage of the dark, semi-private room. I unzipped my lover's pants and reached inside, pulling out his long, silky-smooth cock. He leaned back in his chair as I stroked it with my fingers, enjoying the softness of his skin contrasting with the firmness of his erection. Eventually, his eyes closed and his hands were caught in the curls of my hair.

Finally, I had a cue that I would gladly follow. Slowly, I bent at the knees and lowered my mouth onto his cock, which was already slick with moisture. Wrapping my lips around his erection, I started licking the underside of his shaft and swirling my tongue around his sensitive head. When I began applying suction, his fingers tightened their grip in my hair.

Before long, he was the one who had to bite his lip to hold back his moans. I ran my fingers up and down his shaft as I covered just his head with my mouth, tracing my tongue over his purple mushroom tip. His hips began to buck in his seat, and I knew he was going to cum soon. I slid my hands under his ass and took him as deeply into my mouth as I could, until his pubic hair brushed the tip of my nose. A few more long strokes of my tongue and his entire body stiffened. A soft grunt escaped his lips as he spurted his seed into the back of my throat. Greedily, I sucked his throbbing cock until I had milked out every last drop and swallowed his cum. His body was trembling as he took my face in his hands and kissed me deeply. Our tongues danced while his erection faded, and once his heartbeat had returned to normal, I slipped back into my seat and turned my headset on. I hadn't missed a single cue.