 A little wet dream
Cheers! xx S

*****

You owe me, big time. Two nights in a row you've stood me up. Sure the clothes and makeup will help your case...but you are going to truly make this up by serving me. We're going on a date tonight, dinner and a movie. You know I like to start with the movie and dinner later. We'll see something a few weeks old, and sit at the very top. 

We'll revel in the emptiness of the theater and enjoy the privacy in such a large space. Until the movie gets boring. I'll nuzzle my head in the crook of your neck and run my hands down your chest. All while pretending to watch the film. As my hand trails from your chest to your abdomen, I'll kiss your neck. This will earn your attention for the first time since the film started. I will grow bolder, my hand will go lower. I'll palm the rough denim bulge below, moving past it down your thigh, to your knee and back up to your chest again. My fingers will trace the smooth skin of your neck until they meet the crushed velvet of your buzzed hair to turn your face to mine. Your curious and excited eyes meet mine but my face gives nothing away. You know me well enough to know what I want. My hand releases you and travels it's previous path again, this time with a detour. This time, the trail goes under your waistband and feels how excited you are for me. 

"Fuck me. Now". I whisper the command in your ear so that you can hear over the explosions of the movie. Your eyes widen. Quickly you look around to ensure that we are alone, before biting your lip and looking back at me with excited eyes. Silently you coax me out of my seat and onto your lap facing away from you. I pull my bottom lip between my teeth when I feel your warmth between my legs. 

Your makes its way over the silky material of my bright white skater skirt to the smooth flesh of my thighs. You lift me slightly to reach below and gently squeeze my round ass. I suppress the thrill that makes its way from my head as your digits trace the wet slit in between my legs. Your middle finger makes its way from my clit to my soaking wet hole. You tease your finger into me, taking your time. A moan escapes me as the forced tightness of my closed legs makes your finger feel thicker. I'm so close. Yet you tease. That finger makes its way back out of me, halting at the tip. I want to cry in frustration when you jackhammer back in but continue to teasingly graze my g spot. Finally I lose my self control and sink deep onto you and you give into me. My knees fly apart and I know if anyone were to look they would see the blue lace of my panties with the barest glimpse of tan in my slit. I can feel the warmth gush out of me onto your hand as the thought of being caught passes in my mind.

"What was that you were saying?" The rough whisper is in my ear before your lips are there. Kissing, sucking and licking my sweet spot. I'm lost in the eroticism of your mouth on my neck until the cold steel of your belt buckle pulls me back to earth. 

"You said something about a fuck...right?" 

I'm too lightheaded with lust to form a word so I just nod my head. All at once, you're reaching through to spread me open and thrusting into me. You let out a muffled "fuck" from the depths of my neck, enjoying how tight and wet I am for you. I allow myself satisfied smirk, knowing what I'm doing to you. Our bodies meld together then come apart and back together again. Looking down I can see the contrast between my brown skin and your pale as we're illuminated by the flashing light of the screen. At some point my pretty panties have been ripped from my hips. I gasp as I see my juices glistening on you before your dick stretches me open again. I can feel you expand you in me as I tighten around you. I love when we finish together. 

Your grip on my hips tightens almost painfully and your thrusts become uneven and staggered. Right as you expand in me, the theatre door opens and another couple walks in. My eye catches hers, I moan and bite my lip. I take my time raising off of you and smile at them as their gaze focuses on your pearly essence leaking between my swollen lips. You fumble to cover up in your shock of suddenly having an audience. Feeling naughty, I bend to kiss you so that my ass is on display for them to see the treat in between my thighs. My skirt falls as I straighten up, but when I turn our audience has left. We make our way down the dimly lit stairs to the bathroom. The sound of low moans and the unmistakable slapping of flesh on flesh reach my ears when I open the door. I quickly grab your hand and pull you into the room with me...