 With the holidays approaching, I'm reminded of an incident that happened last year around this same time, perhaps a little later in December, but close enough. It was the day of the Christmas party that our long-time friends had been hosting for the last few years. They have a rather large house out in the country, which they decorate quite elaborately, and invite friends and family to enjoy lots of good food and drink as well as dancing. We woke up Saturday morning and each set about doing our normal Saturday morning chores. I finished up a little after noon and headed down to the basement to watch college football on the bigscreen. I guess I drifted off to sleep because the next thing I knew Lissy, my beautiful bride, was gently shaking me. 

"Come on," she urged, "we have to start getting ready for the party." 

"What? Already, how long have I been asleep?" I asked. 

"Well, it's 4 now and you know it takes around an hour to get there," she replied. "You need to get showered and dressed." 

"Are you ready?" I asked. 

"No, I haven't showered yet. I wanted to see if you wanted to go first," she replied. 

"No, you go. Just yell when you're done." 

About 15 minutes later, I heard her call from upstairs. I shut off the TV and headed up to the room. As I entered, I was greeted with a delightful sight; my wife standing naked in front of the open closet, carefully selecting her wardrobe for this evening. 

"Hi sexy," I said, walking over to where she stood to get a better look. 

"Hello, baby," she said, a hint of seductiveness in her voice. She looked into my eyes and licked her lips. 

"What was that for?" I asked, feeling my heart skip a beat as I thought about the pleasure those lips could bring. 

"What? I didn't do anything," she said, feigning innocence. "Now hurry up and get your shower." 

"Yes Princess, right away." I joked, stripping off my clothes and heading into the bathroom.

The warm water and steamy atmosphere of the shower relaxed my muscles. I stood there for a few minutes, letting the full force of the water wash over my body enjoying the warmth. I came back to my senses and quickly washed up, shut off the shower, and stepped out of the stall. I grabbed my towel, draping it over my head and face and began drying off. Without a sound and concealed by the towel covering my eyes, Lissy knelt in front of me and took my cock in her mouth, gently sucking and licking. I wasn't hard at the time, but as soon as her big soft lips and warm wet tongue began caressing my cock, I almost instantly became erect. 

"What are you doing?" I gasped, jerking the towel off my head to see what was going on. 

"I'm hungry and I want your cock," she said, struggling to annunciate with my now hard cock filling her mouth. 

Now that I could see, I was treated to an awesome sight. She knelt before me, wearing nothing but a newly purchased thong, red and pink with pictures of snowmen and Christmas trees, just for the holiday. Her brown hair was mostly down over her shoulders, but a few wild strands surrounded her face, gently moving as she ever so slightly began to bob her head. 

"You can have my cock on one condition," I said, "that being that I get your pussy. I'm hungry too, you know." 

She slid my cock in and out of her mouth a few more times, taking me nice and deep till the tip touched the back of her throat. Then she took just the tip in her mouth, slurping off the precum and smacking her lips. 

"I think that can be arranged," she replied, standing up and turning around to walk into the bedroom. 

I dropped my towel and placed a hand on either of her shoulders and gently pushed her into the room towards the bed. I turned her around, pulled down the thong, and sat her on the bed, completely removing the festive underwear. I spread her legs and knelt down between them, holding my face close to her just shaved pussy and breathed my hot breath on her clit. I slid my tongue between her pussy lips and gently began to fuck her with my tongue, tasting her delicious wetness. 

"You taste sooo good, Lissy," I said, my words muffled by her pussy. 

"Hey, wait a minute," she said, pushing my head away. "Who said you could go first? Now get up and lay on this bed." 

I pushed her hands away and inserted my tongue for one more taste before listening to her demands. Drops of precum trickled onto my skin just below my belly button as I lay on my back. 

"We're going to do this by the numbers," Lissy said as she straddled my head. "And the number is sixty-nine." As she said this, she gently rubbed her pussy on my mouth and leaned forward once again wrapping her awesome lips around my cock. 

Not much talking occurred over the next few minutes as we both had our mouths full, but occasional moans could be heard. I slid my tongue back inside her delicious pussy and then up to her clit, which I teased with occasional gentle flicks. She slightly wiggled her hips when I flicked her clit, letting me know she wanted more. I opened my mouth and began sucking her clit, caressing it with my tongue as I sucked; some times softly other times harder. She moved her hips in a circular motion, grinding her clit into my face as I sucked and caressed it with my tongue. 

As I continued to dine on the sweetest and most exquisite cunt in the world, my little cockhound was busily sucking my cock and gently fondling my balls. She slid my dick between her lips, sometimes taking it deep inside her amazing mouth, other times just running the tip across her lips. She swirled her tongue around it as she sucked, paused for a moment to gently lick the tip, and then ran her tongue from just below my balls all the way to the tip before resuming her sucking. 

I felt her thighs tighten around my head and heard a tone of urgency in her moans as she neared orgasm. My balls were aching now, ready to explode and shoot a hot geyser of cum into Lissy's waiting mouth. I quickened the pace of my tongue and she responded by increasing the speed of her head bobs, all the while fondling my aching balls. Her muscles tightened again and I heard her gasp as her orgasm washed over her body. She sucked me long and hard and, without warning, slid a finger into my ass, causing me to arch my back, jam my cock deep in her mouth, and unleash a torrent of hot sticky cum, which, like the champion she is, she swallowed without wasting a drop. 

She got off my face and laid down beside me, both of us panting. "Wow! That was just what I needed," she said. "an awesome orgasm and a little snack to hold me till dinner." 

"Me too," I replied, "there's nothing like pussy for an afternoon snack." 

"Well," she said, "if I have my way this evening, that was just an appetizer."