 I felt like I was the luckiest man alive as I curled up in bed. I needed sleep, because I had just had a very tiring and satisfying evening with the girl of my dreams. The most amazing thing was though that she seemed to enjoy it as much as I did. It had certainly not been a disappointing first time in any case. 

I couldn't stop thinking about her. She was just... indescribable. I forced myself not to think about her, as an erection was not helping me get to sleep. Eventually I fell asleep.

***

I didn't wake until early afternoon the next day. My first thought was Melissa. All I wanted to do was speak to her, hear her voice again and feel my insides dancing as they always did when I had any kind of contact with her. Contact... we had certainly had a lot of that last night. Good job my parents were sleeping at a hotel.

I got dressed, had breakfast and made myself some coffee but all this was automatic; all my brain was really concentrating on was Melissa. Was it possible to fall in love after one night of passion? I wasn't the person to answer that. One thing was for sure though – I was crazy about her.

I went back up to my bedroom and found the piece of paper with her number on it. She had given it to me last night before she left. I dialed it.

'Hello?' answered a cute female voice.

'Hi,' I replied. My insides started to dance.

'Hey you,' she purred in her sexiest voice, making my stomach do back flips.

'I can't stop thinking about last night,' I stammered.

'Me neither. It was the best first time I could have hoped for,' she said. My stomach had now progressed onto cartwheels.

'I need to see you,' I said. There was silence, and then I heard a sob. 'Are you ok?' I asked instantly.

'Yes,' she said, but her voice was shaking. 'I was afraid you don't like me as much as I like you,' she said, her voice now steady again.

'If anything it's the other way around,' I said. I could tell she was smiling.

'So you really like me huh?' she said, a trace of flirtiness in her voice.

'Yes,' I said hoarsely.

'Well I don't believe you,' she said. 'You'll have to prove it,' she teased.

'Anytime you want,' I said, catching on.

'How about now tonight?' she said, rather more quickly than usual.

'Sooner.'

'Ok... how about now?'

'I'll be there in 20 minutes.' And that was that.

I freshened up, found some clean clothes and drove over to her house. I felt horny just from the phone call. After what seemed like a very long time, I pulled up outside her house.

It was quite a big house, I couldn't help noticing. It had a big driveway which had her pink car on it, but it could have held at least 2 more. I was worried about her parents being in – I'd never 'met the parents' before. Taking a deep breath, I rang the doorbell.

'Hey,' she said, opening the door instantly to reveal her dazzling smile. Once again, her clothes were not slutty at all but it was hard to imagine her looking sexier in that moment. Without waiting for me to say anything, she leaned into me and kissed me. Sparks flew and fireworks were going off all over the place. I regretfully pulled away, knowing that if I didn't we would never stop.

'Hey,' I said back, trying to match her smile. 'Are your parents in?'

'I live on my own,' she said. 'Didn't I tell you?'

'No.' 

'Oh, sorry. Well, now you know. We have the whole house to ourselves,' she said with a naughty grin.

'I like the sound of that,' I said, grinning back.

She took my hand and led me upstairs into her room. It was huge, containing a double bed with what looked like silk covers.

'Is that silk?' I asked her, pointing at the bed sheets as she sat down on them.

'Yeah, come and have a feel,' she said, patting the bed.

'There's something else I'd rather feel,' I said, sitting next to her.

'Oh really? And what's that?' she asked, inching closer to me.

'Something soft and smooth,' I said, inching closer to her.

'Hmmm. I think I may know what you're talking about,' she said, inching closer again so that our legs were touching.

'What do you think I'm talking about?' I asked, moving my lips closer to hers.

'This,' she said, and she pressed her lips against mine just as I had done the night before. Our hands were quickly all over each other and we pushed ourselves against each other in frenzy. This time I pulled her down on top of me as our tongues joined the party. I enjoyed having her erotic weight on me.

I slipped my hand under her pants and underwear and lightly stroked her pussy. It was already moist. She let out a slight moan. God, her moans turned me on so much. She must have noticed this because she rubbed her body against my cock slightly, arousing me even more.

I slipped a finger inside her. She let out a longer moan and kissed me more urgently. I slowly started fingering her, enjoying listening to her erotic moans. As I slowly increased my speed, she broke away from my lips.

'Undress me,' was all she said. It was a demand, not a request. Regretfully, I took my finger out of her pussy and pulled the tank top over her head. Again, she was wearing no bra. Her nipples were erect and begging to be touched, but instead I slowly pulled down her pants, revealing her beautiful legs inch by inch. Lastly, I removed her underwear and there she was, naked in front of me. Perfect.

'Carry on,' she said, pointing to her wet pussy.

I slipped my finger back inside her and got a satisfied moan. I resumed my pace, getting more moans. When they stayed the same volume for a while, I went faster. This was a good method to work with as I knew it would help her build up to a powerful orgasm. When her moans became pre-orgasm moans, I slowed down, gaining a reproachful look from Melissa. I just smiled and carried on. Faster, louder, faster, louder then slower and I would then repeat the whole cycle again. I could tell it was frustrating her, but it was for her own good. After two more cycles, she couldn't take any more.

'Please...' she begged.

I slipped a second finger inside her and with this finger I seeked out her clitoris whilst my other finger carried on fucking her. I rubbed her clitoris and fingered her as hard as I could. Her moans instantly became louder than they had been at any point so far and her body flew upwards, as she screamed in pleasure. I kept on going, driving my fingers into her as cum shot out of her pussy onto the bed sheets. When it seemed her orgasm had finally subsided, I rubbed her clitoris again, forcing her into another intense orgasm. I could have sworn the headboard was rattling from the volume of her screaming as well as her from body squirming up and down on the bed.

After her second orgasm had finished, I slid my sopping wet fingers from her soaking wet hole. She was still shaking slightly.

'Are you alright?' I asked her.

'No. I'm fucking great,' she replied with a naughty grin.

'You certainly are,' I said, with a grin of my own.

'You know, everything we've done together has always been about me,' she said, looking suddenly more serious.

'I assure you, I enjoyed everything we did just as much as you,' I said, keeping my naughty grin in place.

'Even so... I think it's about time I did something for you,' she said.

She sat up and then moved her hands down to my pants. She started to pull them down. Was she about to do what I thought she was about to do? I watched as she slid my pants and boxers down my legs, letting my giant erection become free. It was as if everything was happening in slow motion. She moved her body slowly down towards my legs, running her hands down my chest as she did so. Eventually she reached my groin, so that her face was right above my throbbing cock. 

She moved her face down and took my cock inside her mouth. I tried to stifle a moan which was of surprise as well as pleasure. It felt incredible. There was a wonderful heat and wetness around my cock as she gently slid her lips up and down it, occasionally licking the head with her tongue.

'Melissa...' I tried to say, but my own harsh breathing cut me off. I knew I would not last long. I tried to warn her, but she was making it very difficult by swirling her tongue around my cock head and making her lips squeeze tighter as she moved them up and down my shaft.

'Oh god...' I said, feeling myself go past the point of no return. I felt myself burst inside her mouth; I was cumming in great spurts and showed no signs of stopping as she continued to milk my cock with her mouth. This time it was me writhing on the bed in blissful pleasure as finally my spurts became shorter until they stopped completely.

'You're too good to me,' I said after regaining my breath. She laughed.

'Just a reward for all your... hard work,' she gave another naughty grin.

'Well I won't be hard again for a while. Any chance of something to eat?' I asked her, pulling my pants back up.

'Ok,' she said. 'But I'm not finished with you yet,' she added, giving me a lustful look.

'Just what I was about to say,' I said, leaning across and giving her a brief kiss.

'I've got some food downstairs,' she said, taking hold of my hand. 'You coming?' she said, standing up.

'I thought I just did,' I said, standing up as we exchanged more naughty grins.

I followed her downstairs, realizing that I still found her sexy even after cumming. She led me to her kitchen. Nearly everything in it was silver and shiny, making it almost like walking into a room full of mirrors. This was a good thing as Melissa was now bending over looking around in the fridge, giving me a wonderful view of her ass.

'Do you like pizza?' she asked.

'Yep.'

'Enjoying the view?' she suddenly asked, sounding amused.

'How did you know I was looking?' I replied in the same amused tone.

'Oh, I know you can't resist me,' she said, emerging from the fridge with two pizzas in hand and another cheeky smile on her face.

'You're right about that,' I said as she bent over again to put the pizzas in the oven.

'They're going to take about 20 minutes,' she said, standing up and looking straight into my eyes. 'What do you suggest we do till then?' she asked innocently.

'Oh, I can think of a few things,' I said, trying to sound just as innocent.

'Like...' she said, now smiling and playing with a strand of her hair.

'Like this,' I walked across the room and kissed her, pushing her backwards into a wall and pressing her against it. She gripped the back my head and moaned slightly in surprise. She moved herself fully back against the wall and then wrapped both of her legs around my waist. I decided at that moment that it was the sexiest position I'd ever been in.

We kissed slowly but intimately, exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. I pressed my body against hers and ran my hands along her thighs as she ran her fingers through my hair. She started to make her ever-erotic crooning noises.

I glanced sideways and saw a leather couch in the next room. Grabbing her ass for support, I carried her into the next room and fell backwards onto the couch, so that she was on top of me. We continued our intense kissing and I felt myself become hard again. She must have felt it too, because she ran her hand down it, sending a shiver down my spine. She pulled away and smiled at me.

'That'll give me something to play with later,' she said in her sexiest voice. She got off me and went into the kitchen. I smiled, got up and walked into the kitchen to lend a hand.

We grabbed our pizza and took our plates into the living room where there was a small, circular table ready with knifes and forks.

'Very organized aren't we?' I said in amusement.

'I wanted everything to be perfect,' she said, lighting up the room with her smile.

'As long as I'm with you everything is perfect,' I said back. Her smile widened and lit up several of the rooms outside too.

We sat and talked as we ate our way through the pizza. Our conversation was flowing very well. We talked about TV shows, movies, food, past relationships and future ambitions. We didn't even flirt, though I did feel her leg rubbing against mine a few times.

When we had finished our pizza, we both went over to the couch. Melissa turned on her widescreen TV and flicked through the channels. I saw her going past some of the programs she had just been telling me about, and I was puzzled. It then occurred to me that she could be looking for something romantic. Sure enough, she stopped on Romeo and Juliet.

'You really like this stuff?' I asked her.

'No,' she said. Just as I was starting to feel puzzled again, she put her arm around my body and cuddled up to me. Oh.

I put my arms around her and gently pulled her closer to me. I was automatically wearing a huge smile; it was great being this close to her. I kissed her hair, inhaling her perfume and feeling my heart miss a beat.

'This is nice,' she said.

'Yeah it is,' I agreed.

'I wonder what everyone in College will say about us,' she said, not really sounding concerned.

'I expect all the guys will be jealous of me.'

'As if. More likely the girls will be jealous of me.'

'Why would they be jealous? None of the girls there like me.'

'You'd be surprised.'

'I would be you're right. Are you saying there are girls there that like me?'

'Loads.'

'Hmm.'

'You don't sound too bothered.'

'I'm not. The only girl I want to like me is you. Still, nice to be admired I suppose.'

'Why would the guys be jealous of you?'

'Because I'm going out with the best looking girl in the College.'

'Don't be silly.'

'I'm not.'

'I'm not even the best looking girl in our class.'

'Have you looked in the mirror recently?' I asked in amazement.

'Yes. I just don't think I'm the prettiest girl in our college, that's all.'

'You're crazy,' was all I could say.

'Maybe. But you wouldn't have me any other way,' she looked up at me and smiled.

'True,' I said, smiling back. I kissed her forehead and pulled her slightly closer to me.

She looked up at me again with an odd look in her eyes. 'Kiss me,' she said. I had no objections and I moved her body slightly so that we were chest to chest, or breast to chest, and then I started to kiss her. As usual it was infinitely wonderful. She ran her fingers through my hair and made her cock hardening crooning noises whilst I ran my hands up and down her back, getting closer towards her ass each time.

Amazing though it was kissing her, I decided I needed to taste her in another way.

'I want to taste you,' I said, pulling away just long enough to get the words out. She gave me a last bit of suction with her mouth and then rolled off me, laying her head back on the arm rest and lying down so that her legs were in front of me.

'I'm all yours,' she said, with utter sincerity and no smile.

Without further ado I pulled her pants and underwear down, enjoying the sight of her legs once again, and discarded the clothing on the floor. Her pussy was glistening in front of me, begging to be touched. Deciding to use the same tactic I had employed before, I moved my head down slowly as she watched in anticipation. Then, altering my course I started licking the inside of her delicious thighs, but stayed away from her pussy. 

I gradually got closer to her pussy and just when my tongue was inches away from making contact, and Melissa's breathing was at its most frequent, I moved away and went back to her thighs.

'Not this again,' sighed Melissa, but she sounded slightly amused.

I continued my cycle, knowing I was driving her crazy. Her hands that had been stroking the back of my head at first were now trying to force my outstretched tongue into contact with her pussy. I noticed it was becoming slightly wetter as time went by.

Her hands were now pushing my head so much it was hard to keep my tongue away from her pussy, so I decided to finally give her what she, and I, wanted. I once again was inches away from her pussy, but I pulled away and licked her thigh again for a brief moment. Then I suddenly plunged my tongue deep into her. Immediately she let out a moan and her body jolted.

As my tongue started to go to work, her hands were lovingly caressing my hair. Combined with her moaning and the fact I was licking her out, I was very horny indeed.

Suddenly I had an idea. I felt around with my tongue until the very tip of it brushed against her clitoris, causing her loudest moan yet. I remembered where it was and every now and then brushed my tongue against it, bringing more jolts from Melissa's body and making her moaning louder after each time as she got closer to orgasm.

Her moaning was now very loud and frequent, and when I brushed my tongue against her clitoris she let out a small, but very audible, scream. Suddenly, she spoke, or at least tried to.

'Ahhh... I'm... ahhh... ohhh god... gonna... mmmm... gonna come,' Wanting to make her orgasm as fierce as possible, I moved my tongue so that it was working solely on her clitoris and shoved my longest finger into her hole to continue where my tongue had left off. She immediately let out a scream and started shouting:

'Oh fuck! Yes! Yes! YES!!'

She screamed; my tongue and finger left her as almost her entire body flew upwards; I looked up and saw a stream of clear liquid gushing from her with tremendous speed and force. The liquid fell on my face and I opened my mouth wide so I could catch it. As the liquid ejaculating from her slowed, her body fell back onto the couch, shaking and covered in sweat.

'Uh.. uh.. oh shit.. mm..' she was making little noises as if frightened.

'Are you ok?' I asked her.

'Y.. ye.. ok..' she didn't seem to be able to speak properly.

'It's ok, you just calm down for a while,' I said. I thought about hugging her, but decided it was best not to touch her body whilst it was in this fragile state.

'Water,' she said feebly, her eyes closed. I went to get her some and poured it over her lips and into her mouth. She opened her eyes and her breathing became slower.

'That was fucking amazing,' she said after a while. She was looking at me in a new way, as if she was looking at a God.

'Glad to be of service,' I smiled at her. She smiled back with one of her special, dazzling smiles.

'Fuck me,' she said, her face changing into a serious expression.

'Ok. But let's get fully undressed first.'

Before I even had time to touch my pants, she had almost ripped her tank top off and was lying naked in front of me with erect nipples. I realized I had not gave them any attention so far today. Another thing to add to my list.

I undressed, not as quickly as she had, but still pretty fast. As soon as I had finished she sat up and pulled me down on top of her, crushing her lips against mine and thrusting her tongue into my mouth. I kissed back just as fiercly, touching as much of her body as my hands could find. Pure lust was the only way to describe what I was feeling, and judging by the sounds she was making, what she was feeling too.

Still writhing all over each other in frenzy, I moved my kisses down to her neck where I knew she liked them. She responded instantly my grabbing at my hair and moaning slightly. I could feel her hard nipples rubbing against me as her body writhed underneath me. I decided to give them my full attention. I started kissing and sucking one nipple, whilst I lightly pinched the other nipple. She moaned louder and I felt her pussy getting warmer against my leg. I wanted her.

I looked into her eyes and saw lust burning in them again. I knew she wanted, what I wanted. There was no need for verbal communication.

I lay down on top her, enjoying the feeling on her skin against mine as much as ever. I looked down and lined my cock up with her pussy. She was looking down too, her breathing slightly faster as she watched my cock inch closer to her.
