 As she walks up to the door of the restaurant the butterflies seem to grow larger within her stomach. She's there to meet a man at least for dinner. She has only spoken to him thru emails and they both agreed to meet for dinner and if the evening goes well maybe a little something more.

Taking a deep breath she walks thru the doors and is greeted by the hostess. The lady gives her name and says "I'm supposed to meet a man here. He said to give my name and you will take me to him."

The hostess just smiles and replies. "Yes he is here already and said that he would be expecting you. He also asked that you be given this as well." Reaching behind the counter the hostess extracts a single long stem red rose and hands it to the lady.

Following the hostess she spies him sitting in a dimly lit corner of the restaurant. They eat and drink casually over the course of the meal as they talk over trivial subjects. She can't seem to take her eyes off his. She begins to feel as if his eyes not only drink in her appearance but it also seems that he is measuring her.

She shivers convulsively when she realizes that the feeling she is experiencing while looking into his eyes is that he is reading her soul thru her eyes.

A couple hours later after dinner and a few more drinks the feeling of the atmosphere shifts to a sexual tension. Her face feels flush as she slowly licks her lips to moisten them.

He places a hand gently over hers and squeezes lightly. As he looks at her again through Smokey bedroom eye and smiles a playful smile. Leaning a little bit closer his voice barely over a whisper asking "What would you like to do with the rest of the evening?"

Her face flushes once more into a fiercer blush. She nods slightly and speaks just as softly in return. "Spend the evening with you if that's alright."

Taking her hand and leading her out of the restaurant and to her car, kissing her softly on the lips before she climbs into her car and he into his to follow her back to her place. Once inside the door his arms encircle her from behind as his hands meet on her stomach. Leaning close to her ear and breathing warmly across her neck then lightly kissing on her earlobe itself. Stopping for a moment and asking her. "Are you sure this is what you want?"

She leans back against his chest panting slightly, feeling her pulse beginning to race out of control in a way it hadn't done in what seemed like forever replying. "Yesssss."

He slowly eases his hands under her top and lets his finger slowly explore her warm soft flesh. Dragging his fingertips slowly down over her stomach then raking the backs of his fingernails back up to her rib cage lightly tickling her stomach till the muscles begins to quiver.

Lowering his head he begins to kiss and lick slowly up one side of her neck and right below her earlobe. Taking all the time he can he slowly proceeds to the nape of her neck where his tongue and lips feel as though there's electricity flowing from him into her causing more ripples of pleasure to begin coursing through her body.

He slowly pulls back and turns her around to look deep into her eyes before once more encircling his arms around her and kissing her softly on the lips. He slowly probes with just the tip of his tongue against her lips till her lips part and their tongues meet. Pulling her even more tightly against his body to where he can reach down and pick her up then walking slowly to the loveseat he noted when they entered. Easing her gently down onto the loveseat then standing back up straight to look at her and smile.

As she's sitting on the loveseat she looks straight ahead into his crotch where she sees the outline of his stiff, aroused member. Slowly she reaches up to trace her fingers over the bulge in his pants then giving it a squeeze before motioning for him to join her on the loveseat. She kicks off her shoes and stretching

Out her legs showing off her trim tanned calves and slightly parted thighs. Once he's seated beside her she begins slowly exploring his stomach and chest region under his shirt. This time she's the one to send ripples coursing through him as she looks into his eyes with a blushing smile of her own.

Seated beside her he whispers hotly into her ear, "Turn your back to me and let my fingers work a little magic on your neck and shoulders." As she turns around with he back to him he slowly removes her top from her body and lets his hands softly caress her neck and shoulders. As his hands pas slowly and warmly over her neck and shoulders he leans forearm breathing hotly on the nape of her neck then slowly kissing where his breath just touched. Lightly nibbling on the nape of her neck he drags his teeth across her skin leaving a tingling trail in the wake.

Soon she's panting more heavily and wants more. Turning around and slowly pushing him backwards till he's reclined on the arm of the loveseat she reaches up to stroke his cheeks and chin. Letting her hands begin to wander down over his chest to his belt where she deftly undoes the buckle, unbuttoning the button of his pants and slowly easing the zipper down. Reaching inside his pants and underwear she extracts his penis that she's already had a feel of through his pants.

Sucking in a breath as her hand encircles him. He lifts her chin slowly beckoning her to move her whole body further up. No words are exchanged as the sparks fly between their eyes. His hands slowly caress down her sides as her hand steadily continues to move up and down on his cock.

Slipping both his hands down over her hips, around to her backside. Squeezing and kneading both her cheeks, not too hard yet not too soft. As he squeezes he begins slowly pulling her cheeks apart then pushing them back together. Soon the slightly audible sound of her moistening vaginal lips spreading comes to his ears.

She stretches up closer to his ear and whispers hotly. "If you're ready for dessert then im sure we both can find something to enjoy in our mouths."

Standing up she removes her skirt and blouse dropping them into a pile as he removes his shirt while stepping out of his pants pooled around his ankles. Coming back together both sink slowly towards the carpeted floor entangling each other in arms and legs they both maneuver themselves into a sixty-nine and begin hungrily devouring each other.

He slowly licks down along one side of her slit, swirling his tongue over her rosebud anus before slowly licking his way back up the other side. Quickly he captures her engorged clitoris sucking and giving a gentle tug. Using two fingers to open her up a lil more he then uses the flat of his tongue from her clitoris all the way back to the membrane separating both orifices. Deciding the time was right he plunges his tongue deep within her sex...Little

With her eyes half closed enjoying the sensations he's sending throughout her whole body she focus' on what's right before her. Slowly she starts at the base with her tongue lightly flicking side to side up his length. Once she's gotten to the very underside of his cockhead she completely engulfs the head with her whole mouth. Lightly using her teeth against the head moving her jaws side to side, and then popping the head back out and drilling the tip of her tongue into his pisshole.

Simultaneously they both reach the pinnacle of their hunger. Swallowing everything the other has to offer, she turns around still panting just as hard as he is. They both cling to each other for a few moments catching their breath. Basking in the warm glow of post orgasm the exchange a slow long kiss each tasting themselves on the others lips and tongue.

Moments later both are ready once more as she straddles his legs and position herself right on top of his penis. Slowly she begins to lower herself onto him, halfway on his cock she lets go and slams him deep inside her soaking wet pussy. Lifting herself up slowly then slamming down again as she begins a tightening her vaginal muscles working on his phallus.

Deciding to test the boundaries he works his index finger inside her pussy along with his cock. Coating his finger liberally then extracting his finger bringing it up to her lips where she promptly begins sucking his finger clean. After removing his finger from her mouth he gropes more roughly on her breasts, tweaking and pulling her nipples a little harder. Letting his fingers wrap around the swell of each breast he squeezes once more while rubbing his thumbs over her nipples. Blocking the amount of his cock penetrating her vagina by sinking further onto the floor he begins to take control of how much she gets with each thrust.

Soon he rolls her over and lines up against her slit to take her from behind. Savagely thrusting deep inside her, he reaches up and grasps a handful of hair on the back of her head. He continues to make use of her body using it as his own personal playground. As he feels her begin to climax once more he also lets loose with his own need to cum and begins cumming deep and long within her. Holding onto her hips he hears her moaning and begging him to do her harder and faster. Screaming out loud enough to make his ear hurt she begins to rock her way thru another mind numbing orgasm. Collapsing onto her back driving both of them flat against the floor he extracts himself from inside her seeing his sperm drip down along her legs to begin puddling on the carpet.

The next morning she wakes to find herself in her own bed and feeling a pleasant soreness between her legs. She lies back enjoying the memories running through her mind from the night before. She climbs slowly out of bed and logs onto the internet to leave him a message for when he logs in. Upon logging in she finds that he has indeed left her a message.

Dearest I wanted to let you know that I had a wonderful time in your company last evening. I would be most pleased if you would like to have another night out sometime soon. Just let me know if you would and when a good time would be for you.

She replies to his email and they begin anew the strange web they weave together, both coming closer with time feeding their needs and finding each other more to be the lost part of their hearts blood and soul.