 As he pulls into her driveway around midnight, Luke looks around and spots her peaking through the blinds. Cynthia notices him and drops the blinds and leans against the wall thinking what she's gotten herself into. It was just some playful on line chat that made her want to meet him. Luke steps out of his car and walks towards the door at a leisurely pace. She walks to the door and takes a deep breath before opening it. As he reaches to knock she slowly opens the door. Her beauty takes him in at first glance. He reaches taking her hand in his. Raising it he kisses her hand gently and says "Hello". Cynthia blushes and returns his greeting. She leads him into her house and closes the door behind them.

Luke turns to her at the sound of the door closing and approaches her. He wraps his arms around her and kisses her deeply. As she returns his kiss he can feel her body melt as she her tension subsides. As they kiss she begins to breathe harder and deeper. She presses her body into his feeling the bulge in his pants fueling her desire. She kisses him harder as she runs her fingers up into his hair pulling him into her. He reaches down grabbing her legs to pick her up. She wraps her legs around his waist as he moves her to the bedroom. He lays her down on the bed as they break their kiss. She reaches up and pulls his shirt off exposing his bare chest. He leans back in and gently bites the nape of Cynthia's neck. She moans with delight at his touch. He reaches down and lifts her blouse exposing her firm breasts and hard nipples.

Luke slowly kisses his way around her ample breasts as he holds them in his hands. He sucks one nipple deep in his mouth and flicks it with his tongue as he gently rolls the other with his free hand. She arches her back giving him access all of her breast as he alternates between her nipples. She grinds her hips into him as her excitement builds. He feels the moist heat of her wet sex passing through her pants into his. He reaches down and slides her pants off exposing her cum soaked panties. As he drops the clothing to the floor he lowers his face to her panties and begins to lick her cum off of them. Luke buries his face in her panties, licking her clit through the panties. She reaches down and grabs his hair and pulls him into her as she grinds his tongue into her pussy.

He moves her panties to the side and sees her shaven pussy in full bloom dripping with her cum. He licks her lips from bottom to top and back again sending electricity through her body. Luke thrusts his tongue in her waiting pussy as she grabs the bed and arches in ecstasy. She moans loudly as her excitement builds. He moves his tongue back to her clit as he slides a finger in her tight hole. Tightening her muscles around his finger as it enters her she grinds her pussy into his face once again. Grabbing his hair again she growls loudly as her body shudders as she explodes in his mouth and on his hand. Her body convulsing as her orgasm runs through her body like a train without brakes. He ravishes her sex as if he'd not eaten for days licking every drop of her.

Luke stands up to look upon Cynthia as she lay there twitching from aftershocks of her orgasm. He sits down nest to her and begins to run his hand over her body. She sits up and kisses him again tasting her cum on his lips. She pushes him down on the bed and unbuttons his pants exposing his throbbing bulge still trapped in his underwear. She pulls his underwear down as she lifts his cock out into view. Licking her lips she grabs him with her hand and begins to stroke him. She leans in and begins to bit and lick his nipples. She feels his cock grow thicker with her touch. As she lowers her mouth to his pulsing manhood she sees his precum about to drip onto his belly. She quickly licks it up tasting his saltiness as she takes his head into her mouth.

He gasps as she takes the full length of his cock to its base in one motion. The feeling of her tongue dancing on his head and shaft clear him mind of any other thoughts. Cynthia massages his balls as she continues to ride his cock with her mouth. His lust builds with every stroke. His mind is nearly blank as she sucks him deep and hard. He reaches down, as he can't take any more and pulls her off his cock. He removes his pants completely and crawls onto the bed. She scurries back away from him as he approaches stopping at the headboard. Looking to each side she realizes she has nowhere to go. He moves on top of her stopping to lick her nipples as he passes them. He leans in kissing her as the head of his cock presses against her pussy. She tries to slide down some so his cock will enter her.

Noticing her desire he grabs her legs and pushes them up to expose her wet sex to his cock. He slowly pushes his head inside her, watching as her lips part for his thickness. She grabs the headboard and gasps as he buries his shaft deep in her pussy. He takes her legs and puts them over his shoulders and holds them firmly. He begins to thrust his cock deep in her as she screams with the pleasure of his thickness. Lifting her legs up some he drives the head of his cock into her g-spot hard and fast. She braces her self against the headboard to keep from hitting it as he pounds her pussy. Her breasts move with each stroke of his cock. Her back arches off of the bed as she grips the headboard and sheets feeling her orgasm build. He relentlessly drives his shaft into her filling the room with the sounds of their skin slapping together and her moans of passion.

Her excitement builds to its peak and she roars as she explodes with orgasm stronger than the first. Her body lurches upward as her juices flow over his shaft and down his balls. The feeling and sounds of her cumming drive him over the edge as his orgasm explodes sending electric shocks through his body. She grinds her hips into him as his orgasm explodes pumping his hot cum deep in her pussy. She rides his cock enticing all of his milky cum out of his cock. Spent he takes her legs and puts them to one side turning her onto her side at the same time he lays down behind her with his spent cock still throbbing in her aching pussy. He wraps his arms around her holding her close as they catch their breath.