 Their eyes met from across the bar, through the mass of sweaty undulating bodies. The music was so loud that it was almost impossible to hear any voice, save for your inner voice. 

She willed herself to be lost in the music, to forget the stresses of the day. The name of the song was not important; the driving pulsating beat was compelling her to venture out onto the dance floor alone. 

The entire time her eyes never left his, his eyes and the music commanded her body to move in rhythmic bump and grind. The song was nearly over when he made his way through the field of people to her. His eyes were just as fixated on hers as hers were his. 

He finally made it to her just as the last strains of the song merged with the next. For a long moment they just stared at the other, her body still moving as the music commanded, he stood still. He extended his right arm and laid his hand against her cheek. Slowly he ran his thumb down the side of her face to her chin, and then tipped it up for even greater eye contact. 

Her breathe caught, and she forgot to breathe, how to breathe. His chest was rising and falling in an exaggerated manner, making it appear as he were taking in as much as he could and savoring it. He opened up his hand then slowly caressed his way down her outer arm, when he got to her bent elbow he pulled her to him. 

They fell effortlessly in step with the other, as the world itself faded away. Neither one spoke, as if worried that a single word would shatter the spell that bound them. 

She was getting more and more aroused as she could feel his body strain to become one with hers. This was not a request that she'd dare to deny. With a twinkle in her eye she nodded behind her to the dark hallway at the other end of the room. It wasn't a request, he followed her. 

Still neither uttered a word as the walked down to the end of the long dark hallway. Gradually the sounds of the dance floor faded away. She spotted a door and opened it, caring not what was on the other side of the door. She didn't even bother to turn on the lights; the thin sliver of moonlight coming through the small window high on the wall was more than enough for what she had in mind. 

He pulled to door to behind him. He still couldn't take his eyes off of her, in the pale moonlight the topography of her body was all that he could see, and it was stunning. He took the three large strides necessary to close the gap between the two. For what seemed like forever they just stood there, mere inches from the other forcing their bodies to breathe. 

It isn't clear which one broke the silence, but instantly they were on each other, kissing each other so deeply that it was almost a punishment to their lips. With deliberate haste she unbuckled his belt and yanked the open the zipper of his jeans. 

The only thing that she could think of was getting her hands on him. She reached under the waistband of his boxers and grabbed the base of his shaft. She held on as if her life depended on gaining control over what laid pulsing in her hand. She could feel it thickening in her hand. 

The irony of its steely strength covered by velvety soft skin was not lost on her. Her hand started to move towards the head of that ever-lengthening shaft; pulling him to her. His breathing grew shallow; it took every ounce of his will to allow her this momentary liberty. 

A moment was all it would be, he couldn't stand the pressure anymore he had to have her, to assert himself over her. He guided her backwards until she bumped into the edge of what appeared to be an old bar. He lifted her on the top. He ran his hands up the outsides of her thighs, pushing her skirt up to her hips, then up the insides, forcing them apart. 

The scent of her, hot and wet with desire for him assailed his nostrils. He breathed in the aroma deeply. Her breathe caught in her throat as she looked into his eyes. If she wasn't so aroused by the predatory look in them it would have frightened her. 

His hand rose to remove any possible thing that would prevent him from possessing her, to his surprise his fingers felt springy hair, damp springy hair; not the cloth he expected. This discovery made his blood boil in his veins, any remnant of patience or control left him. 

He grabbed the base of his completely engorged cock and rubbed the head over her pebbled clit. She shuddered in response. He took his free hand grabbed her chin and snapped her face forward, holding it so that there was no chance that she would look away. He wanted to see the look of shock when he buried his rock hard member into her. 

She started to gain control of her breathing after his teasing of her clit. She wanted, no, needed him so much that she truly ached for him. 

He glanced down to line the purple mushroom head of his steely rod up with her opening, and then he thrust forward with everything in him. He was able to thrust so hard he managed to sheath all eight and one half inches of himself in her. 

The look of shock and raw pleasure on her face and in her eyes shook him to his core. He knew that he wouldn't last long...no matter he would mark her all the same. He reached up grabbing her hands and pinned them over her head. 

This made her eyes dance, he could feel her spasm around her at the excitement welling up in her. He then grabbed her hips and jerked them towards himself, effectively grinding his pelvic bone against her clit, she whimpered. 

Now that she was in perfect position with his right hand holding her hands over her head he pulled himself out of her all of the way, then slammed back into her hot, wet pussy. Again he pulled himself out all of the way, only to slam himself into her until he bottomed out; again and again he did this. 

The look in her eyes when he did this was his undoing. He started to only withdraw himself halfway before returning to the depths of her. He increased his speed as he could hold back no more. She felt the breeze that the motion of his heavily swaying balls made against her now soaked bottom. She could feel her wetness dripping down the crevice of her ass, pooling under her. 

He was getting close, and he knew she was too by her breathing, moaning and writhing. He grabbed her by the hips and launched a full out assault, all the time holding her eyes with his. Her eyes were starting to glass over, he could hear her whimper, begging him to make her cum. 

He knew he was only seconds away from filling her with his hot cum; he wanted her to cum with him. He took his index and middle finger and started to rub her clit, as he was pounding away at her, her body started to shake, her vaginal walls were gripping his shaft. 

He felt the hot liquid rise from his balls as they drew into his body. Thinking quickly he took those fingers and without further ado penetrated her anus and he drove himself into her for the last time. She screamed as she came with every fiber of her being. 

Every muscle of hers clenched down, as she wrung the semen out of him. His knees were so weak he had to lean on top of her to rest for a bit. It took all of the energy that they had left simply to breathe.

...Freshly showered, she crawls into bed replaying what happened earlier that night, a Cheshire Cat grin takes over her face as she stretches and sighs contently. 

She rolls over onto her side and kisses her boyfriend whom had been waiting up for her. She smiles at him, lovingly running her hands through his short brown hair, and says, 

"I had a great time tonight... thank you." 

"I can't think anything hotter than you tonight, baby", he said. 

She kissed him again and bid him good night, rolled over and started to think of exactly how she was going to top it...