 So today was finally the day. She always wondered what the weather would be like when this day finally arrived. The day she finally stood face to face with her on line lover of four years. It turns out it is mid-November, it is crisp, but not cold, it is a beautiful, bright sunny day. She has made herself available for him from mid- afternoon until late evening. The lies came easily; after all she has had years to fashion them. 

She has tried to dress as provocatively as possible given she would be coming directly from work with no time to change. She is wearing a patterned, black, wrap around skirt that hits her at mid-thigh, form fitting black turtleneck, stiletto-heeled, knee high boots. She has taken the time to squirm out of her pantyhose in her car, in order to provide him easy access to what is sure to soon be a wet, hungry pussy. 

She smells delicious as she had purposely smoothed her favorite lotion all over her body that morning. A warm scent of vanilla and brown sugar that never fails to put her in an amorous mood. She feels overwhelmingly sexy. She feels like a good fuck. 

She notices the changes in her body as she grows closer to her destination. She feels the butterflies doing somersaults in her stomach, her palms are slightly moist, and her mouth has gone so dry she will need a river of water to counteract it when she arrives at the restaurant. 

She also feels her pussy stir with a slight tingling at the thought of touching him for the first time, his hand at the small of her back as he guides her to their table. She wakes from this reverie to realize she has arrived at her destination as if by autopilot. 

She tousles her hair one last time, does a quick check of herself in the rearview mirror, grabs her little, black purse, and swings her legs out of the car. She walks toward the restaurant outwardly appearing collected and in control of all her faculties while she inwardly struggles with the excitement, anxiety, joy, and sexual tension of finally coming to the end of this long, winding road with him. 

She opens the door, walks in, and he is there. The hostess is blabbering something about "Welcome to_____, blah, blah, blah," as she locks eyes with him. He walks over to her with that endearing smile on his face that she has memorized by now. He stops just short of her; they take each other in for a moment. This has been seemingly a lifetime in coming; neither can quite believe they are actually standing in front of one another. As he leans in to hug her she realizes that he towers over her, as he takes her in his arms for a quick hug of greeting her cheek is flat against his chest. She wants to melt into him. It had been her idea to meet for lunch first. She wanted to build the sexual tension to a fever pitch. Now she wonders how long she will have to endure the agony of lunch before he takes her back to his hotel. 

They sit down at their table. They talk. She is nervous at first, unsure of what to say. He talks, she listens until she starts to feel more comfortable. Soon familiarity starts to kick in, they know a lot about each other after all these years. They talk about their children, work, home improvements, their lives. They are not strangers, they have a history together.

They eat, they talk, they laugh, they flirt. 

When dessert comes he leans in, looks her in the eye and whispers, "Are you wearing panties this afternoon?"

She feels her pussy go hot and moist with those words. She smiles, glances down, then back up to him and shakes her head no with a playful grin on her face. 

"Show me," he whispers. 

She moves to the chair directly next to his, takes his hand, places it on her thigh, and slowly guides it under her skirt. He closes his eyes and moans softly when his hand reaches her pantiless, dripping wet pussy.

"That is what you do to me," she breathes. 

She takes his hand from under her skirt, brings it up to her lips and delicately sucks her juices from his fingers 

"Let's go, NOW" he groans. 

She doesn't argue. Their dessert is left untouched on the table. 

She keeps herself at arm's length from him as they walk out to the parking lot. She fears if she allows him to touch her, perhaps kiss her that she will just let him fuck her right here in her car. That is not what she wants for their first time. She turns to him as they reach her car and tells him she will follow him to his hotel, spreading her legs as she gets into her vehicle just enough to give him a brief flash of her neatly trimmed little triangle.

Although the trip to his hotel is less than five minutes, it feels like forever. She squirms in her seat, wants to touch herself, but doesn't dare do so for fear she won't be able to stop. She worries that she has created a wet stain on the back of her skirt as she exits her vehicle.

She hurries to the hotel lobby where he is waiting for her. He takes her hand and leads her wordlessly to the elevator. She feels his hand tighten on hers as they await the arrival of the elevator car. She glances over at him and sees her own lust and need reflected in his eyes.  When the doors to the elevator finally swoosh open, they realize it is empty. They look at each other and exchange a knowing smile as they enter and quickly push the button for his floor. Seconds after the doors have closed, he is on her. He shoves her up against the wall as his lips find hers for the first time drawing a low moan of desire from her. She welcomes his warm, wet tongue into her mouth. She lifts her right leg up and wraps it around him as they continue to lose themselves in the pleasure of mouth on mouth, tongues hungrily tasting one another. 

He cups her ass cheek in his hand; she knows his fingers must be encountering her juices flowing freely into her ass. She grinds her pussy against his thigh as her hand glides down to rub the tent in his pants. She grasps him through his pants and squeezes, slowly working her hand up and down his shaft. He soon wrenches his mouth from hers, groans into her neck, "We've got to stop or I'm going to cum right here in my pants." She looks down to see the crotch of his pants is dark and sticky with precum, his left thigh is stained with what she knows are her own copious juices. 

They exit the elevator and exercise great control by not sprinting to his room. She stands behind him running her hands over his back, cupping his ass in her hands as he fumbles with the electronic keycard. He finally manages to produce the needed "click", and push the door open for her. 

She walks into the room and feels her body humming with desire. She soon feels him approach her from behind, cupping her breasts in his hands as he nibbles at her neck. Murmuring into her hair how good she feels as he firmly presses his erection against her ass. Taking his time as he runs his hands down her body, breathes in her scent, kisses her neck, his breath heavy in her ear. She smiles to herself, pleased that he has remembered all those conversations about how she wants it slow and easy the very first time. 

He lifts her shirt over her head and unhooks her bra in one deft move. He rolls her nipples between his fingers, pinching, twisting, drawing low moans of pleasure from her. He unbuttons her skirt, lets it fall to the floor and gently shoves her onto the bed with only her boots remaining on her body. 

She watches, running her fingers over the wetness between her legs as he slowly removes his clothing for her. She gasps as his cock finally springs free of his boxers. She sits up and is allowed to run her tongue over his stomach as his gorgeous cock bobs between her tits before she is guided back down to the bed again. He drops to his knees before her, and slides his tongue up the inside of her thigh pausing at her pussy long enough for her to feel his breath on her before running his tongue down the inside of the other thigh. 

She gasps, "Oh baby, yes," when she feels his tongue slide between her slick lips. 

He licks up one lip then down the other before entering her with his tongue. She watches as he shoves his face in and out of her folds, clearly lost in the pleasure of her taste, slowly stroking his throbbing erection as he fucks her with his tongue. 

When her moans rise in volume, he directs his attention to her stiff, swollen clit. He sucks it into his mouth causing her to arch her back and let out a loud, keening moan. His fingers slide inside her, first one, then two as his tongue traces expert circles around her clit. She feels the pleasure rising in her body,her nipples are hard and tingling,her pussy is so hot, so ready to cum. 

She runs her fingers through his hair, glances down to see his eyes locked on her. This does it for her, her thighs tremble, her body stiffens, her pussy pulses and pulses. She gasps his name as she comes all over his face. 

Even before the last pulse of pleasure has ripped through her pussy, he is moving up to her mouth, kissing her with the heady scent of her sex on his face. She opens her legs to receive him, folds them around his hips. 

As they kiss, her hand slides down to guide his stiff cock to her juicy entrance. She lightly traces her nails over his balls as he slips the head of his cock inside her. They gaze at each other, both aware that the moment they never though would arrive, has just done so. He is inside her. 

He rests his head on the bed next to hers, the full weight of his body pressing down on her, she feels his breath on her neck as he continues to push into her. She feels her pussy stretching to receive him. The sensation of fullness is like nothing she has ever experienced before. She moans, she mews, she gasps as he pushes his full length into her. 

When he has sunk into her up to the balls, he ceases to move. He kisses her deeply, passionately, as she slaps her palms onto his ass and squeezes, pushing him in as deeply as he will go.

He pulls his mouth away from hers, looks at her and whispers, "Tell me what you want. Say it." 

"Fuck me", she begs, breathless with want. 

He hovers just above her face and thrusts slowly in and out. 

"Fuck, you feel so good wrapped around my cock," he groans. 

She watches him as he starts to build a rhythm, delights in the sensation of his rock hard cock moving in and out of her sopping hole. She circles his nipples with her tongue, watching them grow hard as his thrusts become harder, deeper, more urgent. 

She whispers in his ear, "That's it baby. Do it. Fuck your slut." 

He rises up, throws her legs over his shoulders and pounds into her. Her tits bounce up and down as his balls slap her ass. She takes his hand, slips his thumb into her mouth and sucks before guiding it ot her clit. She thrusts her hips at him, matching the rhythm he has set as his thumb deliciously rubs her clit. 

She feels another orgasm approaching as he pounds in and out of her pussy, feels her slippery walls gripping him harder and harder as he thrusts. He reaches down,rolls her nipples between his fingers, and she is gone

Her head snaps back as her back arches, she comes in silence, her orgasm ripping through her cunt so hard she has no breath with which to even call his name as she comes. She is dimly aware that he is groaning above her, she feels his cum gushing into her in spurt after spurt as her pussy continues to spasm around him. He fills her so full she can feel his hot load running down her thighs as he continues to cum inside her. 

He collapses onto her, their sweaty bodies slip and slide against one another. They lie there with arms and legs entangled, chests heaving against one another, bodies tingling from an incredibly hot fuck. . He reluctantly slips out of her, his cum dripping into the crack of her ass. 

Desire is still burning a hole in her freshly fucked cunt. She rolls him off of her, onto his back, and slides to her knees on the floor. 

"Mmmm, yes," he murmurs as she sucks his balls into her mouth. 

She lets her tongue glide over them as she gently sucks them. She knows she should spend more time there, but his cock is already rock hard, and she longs to take him in her mouth. 

She licks up the underside of his shaft, eliciting a shiver and moan from him. She grips him firmly in her hand as she takes his head in her mouth. She can taste the evidence of their fuck there; her pussy begins to throb with the taste. 

She watches him as she sucks him, enjoying the grimace of pleasure on his face as she slides him inch by inch into her mouth. She loves the feel and taste of his precum flowing down the back of her throat; loves the way her cheeks bulge as he fills her mouth; loves hearing him gasp and moan as she bobs her head up and down, sucking hard, and circling his swollen head with her tongue on each upstroke. 

Unable to be a gentleman any longer, he grasps a handful of her hair and thrusts his hips at her. She gags as his cock taps the back of her throat. This makes him even hotter. 

"Yeah, suck me, baby. Suck my cock. That's it." 

She reaches down to touch herself as he fucks her mouth, and is pleased to find that she is dripping all over her thighs again. She strokes her clit with one hand while the other works up and down his shaft in unison with her mouth. 

His strokes slow down a beat as he whispers,"Cum for me baby, I want to watch you cum again." 

She wants nothing more than to cum for him at this moment. As he thrusts slowly in her mouth, her fingers work furiously on her own clit. She looks up at him, hands supporting him as he leans back on the bed, eyes hooded and hungry, face knotted with desire, and feels her pussy gush and spasm. 

As she moans around his cock lost in her own orgasm, he shoves her head up and down his shaft, fucking her hot, wet mouth just as well as he had fucked her swollen cunt. He pulls her off of him, his cock slips free of her mouth with an audible "pop" as he bathes her face in his hot, sticky cum. 

After several more hours of similar activity, they lie next to each other, spent and satisfied. She turns over and nestles comfortably onto his chest. 

"Don't let me fall asleep," she slurs as her eyes begin to droop. 

"It's ok, hon. Go on. I'll wake you when it's time," he says as he absently strokes her hair. 

Because she knows he will, because she trusts him completely, she does.