 It was around 4:00 in the afternoon; Stacy was in her usual place in front of the computer she was always on around this time, bored at home and online. Stacy was pretty enough, at 19, slim with long brown hair and hazel eyes. Her live in boyfriend worked a lot leaving her at home to look after their young son. She liked being online talking to different people and making friends.

One afternoon she got chatting to James, a 23-year-old Lawyer from London, they talked and made each other laugh! After a while they started sharing their sexual history with one another, turning each other on with their explicit sex stories. James used his work place computer and Stacy enjoyed turning him on imagining him getting hard at his desk.

He wanted to meet, this excited Stacy but she was unsure, she loved her boyfriend and anyway it was hard for her to get away, in the end her curiosity got the better of her and anyway nothing had to happen what’s the harm in meeting a friend for a drink?

She was taking the train up to London, the journey was long and she allowed her mind to wonder, thinking of what was about to happen, what would she do? What we he do? Who was she kidding she knew what was about to happen and that excited her, being so close to this man who had turned her on so many times. The realization was too much as her hand slid down in between her thighs and she rubbed at her crotch, trying to be discreet on the busy train. She was too aroused to care anymore as she let her hand slip under her knickers and rub at throbbing clit, feeling how wet she was she let out a low moan and imagined it was James’s hand working away at her cunt feeling how wet he made her, this thought made her climax and she could feel her cum on her fingers.

As the train pulled into her Station she fumbled in her bag for the folded piece of paper with his address on, as he was pulling a sicky from work and didn’t want the risk of being caught they both agreed his flat would be best. She straightened her skirt, brushed her hair and made her way down the busy street. As she approached his flat she began to feel even more excited and nervously reached the door and rang the bell.

James answered and silently she entered his flat and stood in the hallway as he closed the door on the outside world. Standing behind her she could feel his hands on her shoulders rubbing gently before he slipped off her coat and let it fall to the floor. She turned round to meet his gaze and he stared so deeply into her eyes that she thought she could just melt, right there just fade away under his stare into his thoughts and never return.

His hand came up and stroked her cheek, then her lips, then around her neck as he pulled her closer to him he kissed her softly, his hands running through her long soft hair as her arms went around his waist, then under his shirt caressing his strong back. He broke their long kiss took her by the hand and led her through to his bedroom and laid her on the big double bed. He unbuttoned her top and kissed her neck, she moaned as his kisses reached the top of her breasts and he removed her top completely.

She sat up on the bed and took his face in her hands kissing him once again, their tongues meeting in a passionate embrace, braking away to pull of his shirt and kiss his firm chest. Kissing her way down to his trousers she undid his belt and dropped it on the floor, undid his button then his zip pulling them off to join the belt on the floor. She removed his boxers delighted at what she saw, his gorgeous cock hard and ready for her, she took it in her mouth and began to suck it slowly hearing him moan with pleasure. She sucked more on his gorgeous cock loving every second as much as he did, sucking it with more pressure and speeding up with his groans. Sensing he was about to come she increased the pressure more until she could feel his hot cum spurting down her throat as she swallowed everything he had to give.

Very hot and horny now he pushed her down on the bed and ran his hand up her thigh feeling its smoothness, along her thigh, under her skirt and up to her now very wet knickers, sliding his hand under the thin material and rubbing her wet slit. Seeing how turned on she was he removed her skirt, then slid down her knickers and removed her bra, sucking each nipple in turn. He went back to between her legs and this time slipping in his finger, then another. As his fingers were working in and out of her wet pussy, his hand was on her breast, pinching her nipple, feeling it harden under his touch he increased his finger fucking as Stacy bucked her hips letting him in deeper and groaning loudly. Feeling she was about to cum he removed his fingers and replaced them with his tongue, lapping at her slit sucking on her clit and driving his tongue deep inside making her climax with wave after wave of orgasm.

Seeing that he was now hard again she pushed him back straddling him, expertly guiding his delicious cock in her waiting pussy. She was riding him, rocking her body back and forth as he filled her completely. She could see his face was filled with pleasure and she rocked harder letting his cock almost all the way out of her before she pushed back down. Moaning loudly he sat up and pushed himself down on top of her thrusting in and out, feeling their sweating bodies merging together, united as one. He lifted her legs over his shoulders to thrust deeper inside of her, wanting to reach every place. Her face was so full of pleasure and lust as she moaned out lifting up her hips to match his every thrust. 

Faster and harder their bodies thrashed together, clinging onto each other as though they were the only two people on earth. As the eyes met once more and then their tongues in a final hungry kiss as their final thrashes made them both explode into orgasm sending them places they had never been before and it seemed to last for ever. Sweaty and exsaughsted the lay together in each other’s arms before falling into sleep.

As they awoke hours later as the sun was setting outside James kissed Stacy lightly on the lips before leaving the room, returning moments later with a bottle of champagne and two glasses. Popping the cork and filling the two glasses he made a toast “To our first encounter”. After they had drained their glasses he pushed Stacy back down on the bed and in between kisses said “And now for our second!”………………….