 This is my first submission. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. I hope you enjoy!

------------------------------------

I thought, Why not? What do I have to lose? 

SO, I leaned in with my eyes closed and felt an incredible amount of adrenaline rush through my body as her lips parted with mine. Our tongues instantly began a passionate wrestling match, fighting for position, thrusting against each other. I head, and felt, a moan come from her. Her hands were on my back, sliding down to my ass and pulling me closer to her. Our hips were together now. I could feel the heat from her sexual delta emanating against my stiffening cock. 

"Let's get out of here!" I said as I broke our kiss. She agreed.

We left the party in a hurry. As soon as we got in my car her hands were deftly working at my zipper. She reached in and pulled my dick out before I was out of the driveway. HOLY SHIT this girl was hot. But her mouth was hotter. 

She was flicking her tongue up and down my shaft. Teasing me with pleasure. She then swallowed my length with one smooth gulp. I cannot begin to tell you how incredible this felt. Her mouth was so warm and inviting. Her tongue was working my cock while it was in her mouth, I could feel the back of her throat pulse against the head. As she was bobbing up and down, stroking with her hand, I was trying to think of somewhere to go, and fast! 

I pulled into a new subdivision that was still under development. I knew there were no completed homes there, but there were several partially built homes. I was going to break in someone's master bedroom before they had a chance to! 

She pulled her mouth from my throbbing member and we jumped out of the car. I grabbed a blanket from the trunk and led her inside "our home". (for the next hour or so at least)

As we made our way through the house she was removing her clothes, first her jacket, then sweater, bra, shoes, socks, pants. I was amazed at the body that was being revealed in front of me. If those were real they were amazing. If they weren't, they were real amazing!! I was gonna have fun with this one. 

When I found her upstairs she was sitting on the edge of the unfinished Jacuzzi tub. "Think of the fun we could have if this thing worked," she said as I rounded the corner.

"YOU have entirely too many clothes on Sam. Let's take care of that."

I agreed with her. We started removing my clothes. And we were wasting no time doing so. When I was down to my boxers she smiled and looked down, "There's what I was looking for" she purred as she grabbed my still hard cock. She was stroking me through my boxers and smiling devilishly while she did so.

My right hand found her delta. I could feel her wetness through her panties. I brought my left hand up to play with those fantastic tits. Her nipples were hard as hell. She moaned as I pinched on between my thumb and forefinger. Our mouths were locked again, our tongues going at it as they were before.

This chick was hot as hell. I could feel her legs start to tremble as I was manipulating her engorged clit. What was she going to do when I was in those panties? I didn't have to wait long. She took her hands from my cock and pushed her panties down. SHE WAS SHAVED! COMPLETELY SHAVED! Not always what I prefer, but who was I to argue? I knew she was kinky, and now I was feeling the proof. 

As soon as my fingers slid between her outer lips she let loose. She was moaning, yelling and grinding her hips against me as I pushed into, sending her over the edge of pleasure. She was licking, biting and sucking on my ear and neck. Her hands shoved my boxers to the floor. She was now "hands on" with my dick. DAMN she was good.

As I felt her relax and come back to reality she dropped to her knees and took me into her mouth again. I couldn't believe it, but it was better than in the car. She reached her hands around and was grabbing my ass pushing my cock all the way down her throat. I could feel my balls slapping her chin, and she loved it. Her grunts let me know how much she enjoyed it. I was enjoying to. OF COURSE!! I reached down and picked her up by her shoulders. I turned away and spread the blanket on the floor. She took the initiative and lay down, beckoning me to her with a "come here" finger gesture. I had to smile. This was insane. I was here, with a beautifully naked girl, in an unfinished house and I had left a party I WAS HOSTING!! Fuck it man! Who would blame me? 

I dropped to me knees between her legs and let me body cover hers. Her breasts were pressing against my chest. Her legs rose and encircled my waist. I could feel my dick rubbing her sex. Her wetness provided the perfect lube for me to slide over her throbbing clit. Our kiss was even more passionate. Our bodies were pressing and thrusting against each other. 

I could tell by her hip movements that she was trying to allow me entry, but I was not ready for that yet. I was kissing her earlobe and the nape of her neck when I started my descent. I stopped at her tits. Those nipples were fantastic. Just when I thought they could not get any harder they did. I felt them with my tongue and my teeth. Her hips were pressing up, into my abdomen. She was so horny I could do whatever I wanted to her and she would go along for the ride. Maybe that wasn't a bad idea.

I continued kissing my way down. Working my way from side to side, her navel, her hips, and her pubic area. Finally my tongue came across her clit. Instantly she drew in a sharp breath and her hips bucked up. I settled in between her thighs and began working my mouth and tongue on her. I would run the full length of her slit, top to bottom, hover, and back to the top. My hands were on her thighs, holding them apart, and in place. Forcing her to feel and anguish my ministrations. 

I looked up and could see the intensity on her face. Her eyes were squeezed shut. Her lips were pulsing, her tongue licking them. This was exactly what I wanted, needed to see. I pushed my tongue inside her. I could feel her tight pussy grip it and pull it in. I was using my thumb to handle her clit. This was causing her to buck her hips against my restraining grip. I could feel her pussy begin to spasm against my mouth and tongue as she was nearing her next wave of gratification. As it crashed down on her I was glad we were in a secluded area. Her screams were aggressive, incredibly loud and almost incoherent. It was obvious to me that she was enjoying what I was doing.

As her body relaxed and her voice came back to human proportions I slowly kissed my way back up her body. She kissed my lips, my face, tasting herself on me. She wrapped her legs and arms around me and rolled me onto my back. I love aggressive women. She sat up, completely straight up above me, and rubbed herself against my rigid pole. Her hips were rolling back and forth causing our parts to contact and tease. Just when I thought she was going to tease me forever she reached down and gripped my shaft. As she did this she rose above the head, holding it, pointing it straight to her waiting folds. 

She held me there, grinning at me, asking me what I wanted her to do. I answered by grasping her hips and slamming her down onto me. I was buried to the hilt in her. Her eyes flew open, her mouth opened, silent and surprised. I threw my head back and groaned. 

"I just came again!" She said as she collapsed her torso on mine. "Holy shit!"

I slowly pulled my length out and pushed back in. This was the pace that started things. Her hips eased into the motion. Our movements were complementary. As our pace advanced she pushed her body up, riding me. Her hands were pushing on my chest as she bucked on me. My cock was sliding back and forth, in and out of her hot, wet pussy. She moved her hands from my chest to hers. As she was toying with her nipples her tongue was teasing me. Running across those luscious lips. 

I put my hands on her ass. I was kneading her as she thrust back and forth on me. I was helping now, pushing her forward and holding her as she pushed back. This opposing force method was causing greater friction. Her head began to roll back and forth. Her hair was being flung around now. Her moans were building. Here we go again. No sooner did I finish this thought and she was gone! I thought it was amazing to feel her pussy against my tongue and hand as she came before, but this was unreal. She was milking my cock. I could feel my balls begin to boil and tingle. I knew I was about to lose it.

"Ohhhhhhh...!!! I'm gonna cummmmmmm tooooooo!" I said as I felt everything let go. 

As I felt the first burst of cum shoot from my cock she went for a fourth. I was pulsing in her now, painting her insides with my thick load. And I could feel her reacting to every thrust. Every time I shot into her she moaned and gripped me, rose and thrust herself down on my entirety. 

As both our orgasms subsided she collapsed onto me. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her cheek.

"That was incredible."

I agreed with her.

We eventually dressed and left "our house". As we headed back to the party we constructed an alibi. To solidify it we stopped at the store and bought chips and dip. We noticed we were low so we ran to the store." That oughta work. 

Well, all was going fine until we noticed there were three bags of chips on the counter and two containers of dip. Not to mention the fact that we were both glowing! We had been found out, but it was worth it. Totally worth it.