 Mike and Lisa had just dropped off their last child at school. After twenty-two years of children at home, they were finally alone. The decided they would celebrate their newfound freedom by taking a mini-honeymoon to reconnect. 

Lisa had made all the arrangements at a spa in Michigan. It would be five days of pampering, touring, and a re-birth of their sexual lives which had been rather dormant with children around. That was going to change.

Lisa was blonde and blue and at age 43 she was still in very good shape. Nice thirty-two b breasts and a very hot figure. She was five foot two and 127 lbs. Her hips were a bit too big, but Mike found them very erotic. 

Mike was six feet tall, one hundred-eighty-seven pounds, with dark hair and dark eyes. At 41 he was still in pretty good shape." The two checked into the spa and got to their room. 

The two unpacked and Mike flopped on the bed to relax a bit after the long drive. Lisa busied herself looking at the spa brochure and other information about the area. Suddenly she stopped and picked up the phone. 

"Hi, this is Lisa Roberts and I wanted to make a reservation for my husband and me as soon as possible." Mike wondered what she was doing. 

He heard her say, "Great, we'll be right down." She hung up the phone and said, "Come on get undressed and put on our robes and slippers." Mike began to ask what was going on but she hushed him by saying it will be a nice surprise. 

The two shed their clothes and as Mike looked at her naked body he was hoping to forget the appointment, but Lisa would have none of it. The two went to the elevators and went to the sixth floor where they got off and headed through a doorway. 

Once inside a young receptionist showed them to a room. It was then that Mike realized that Lisa had lined them up to have massages at the same time. Mike had never been comfortable with the idea but he went along with it to please Lisa. 

The two sat down and in a few moments male and female masseuses walked in. Robert and Melissa introduced themselves and told the couple to disrobe, get up on the tables face down, and cover themselves with the oversized towels. The masseuses left and Mike and Lisa did what they were told. The tables were right next to each other and Lisa commented how romantic it would be and then they when finished they could go back to the room and make love. Mike was all for that. 

In a few moments there was a knock on the door and Robert and Melissa walked in. Candles and incense were lit and soft music was put on. Mike and Lisa got comfy as Robert stepped up next to Mike and Melissa stepped up to Lisa. 

The massages began. Neck, shoulders, spines and backs were massaged and as the couple lay their they could feel the stress draining right out of them. 

Finished with the upper torso the two began to massage feet and legs. Then much to Mike's discomfort both began to massage Mike and Lisa's glutes.  

As he lay there Mike had an uncomfortable feeling. The massage no longer seemed quite clinical, but rather bordered on the erotic. His cheeks were massaged and separated. The cool air hit his anus and he felt it pucker. He felt very vulnerable like that and it seemed that each time Robert held Mike's cheeks apart for longer and longer periods of time. Mike wondered if Melissa was doing the same thing to Lisa. 

He listened quietly and could only hear Lisa's soft breathing. Then he thought he heard a soft sigh escape from her lips. 

As Mike was trying to figure out what was happening to his wife he noticed that Robert's massage had turned to a much lighter touch. In spite of himself, Mike began to feel arousal. His cock began to swell and Mike was becoming embarrassed. Mercifully, the massage finally stopped, the towel was replaced, and the couple was told to turn over.

As they turned over Mike and Lisa looked at each other. Both seemed to be perplexed but they continued on. Mike knew that his erection had not subsided completely but just then Robert reassured him by saying, many people have a feeling of arousal. It is normal and will subside soon. Mike relaxed and he thought he heard Lisa breath a sigh of relief.

Shoulders were massaged and arms and then the towels were rolled down to the waists. Robert and Melissa began to massages the chests of Mike and Lisa. 

As the massage continued Mike felt that Robert was spending a great deal of time on his nipples. They became erect at Robert's gentle touch. Mike looked over at his wife and Lisa had her eyes closed and he noticed that her nipples were also very erect. 

Mike watched as Melissa fondled Lisa's breasts centering her attention his wife's nipples. He wondered if his wife was actually becoming aroused and it was then that Mike noticed that his cock was at full mast. 

He tried to think of baseball scores, football statistics, anything to get his erection to go away, but his cock betrayed him. 

Soon both masseuses had moved down to their thighs. Now Mike was really getting aroused. He didn't know if he should say something or just be quiet. He wondered what Lisa was thinking and then he heard her breathing become long and deep. Wasn't that how she breathed when she was becoming sexually aroused?

Then the towels were removed and suddenly Robert wrapped his hand around Mike's erection. He didn't know what to do. No one had ever touched him there except Lisa and now there was a strange man stroking his cock and massaging his balls. While it felt good he thought he should put a stop to it. 

He looked over at Lisa and saw Melissa's hands between Lisa's legs gently massage her clit and fingering her pussy. He thought he should say something when to his surprise, Lisa opened her legs even more. He was shocked! Here was a stranger, a woman, fingering his wife's pussy and she seemed to be encouraging it. 

As he lay there he felt Roberts warm breath on his thighs and then felt Robert's mouth engulf his cock. His head began to bob up and down. Again panic set in until he looked at his wife and there was Melissa with her face buried in his wife's' pussy. Licking and fingering her, his wife was breathing hard. 

As he lay there suddenly he felt his wife's hand in his. He turned his head to look at her and she gave him a soft, sweet smile. He smiled back and then her eyes shut.

She moaned and pulled her legs up. He could see Melissa's fingers pumping in and out of his wife. Her tongue licking up and back across his wife's swollen clit. The image was arousing and as Mike lay there he felt himself drawing closer to orgasm. 

He felt Lisa's hand tighten and suddenly she gasped in orgasm. Her hips bucked up and down, her breathing was labored and she was covered in sweat. She moaned out loud as wave after wave of orgasmic delight swept over her.

As Mike watched it was then his turn. He moaned as the first spurt of cum shot out of the end of his cock and into Robert's waiting mouth. Mike's body convulsed at the intensity of the orgasm. Finally, it was over. Robert stood as did Melissa. 

"Stay as long as you need to," said Robert and the two then walked out. Mike and Lisa lay there in silence for quite some time holding hands. 

Finally Lisa just said, "WOW!" Mike replied that it was indeed amazing. 

As the two got dressed Lisa looked at Mike and said, "Maybe we should schedule another one of these for the day after tomorrow."

Mike just nodded as they left and walked toward the front desk.