 Do you ever have one of those days when nothing seems to be going right? The kind of day where no matter what you do, in one way or another something goes wrong, or you feel like every one around you, or associated with you in any way is just mad at you for some unknown reason? Well that's the kind of day I was having. Work really wasn't going well at all, everyone seemed to be really off key more so grumpy then anything, everything was in complete chaos around the office, and I had just had enough. Just before lunch I finally got my desk cleared of all the back work that I had been trying to catch up on, I decided I was taking the rest of the day off. 

Now a lot of women when they have these sorts of "Bad days" just go home and lock themselves inside and away from the world, but not me, oh no I didn't want to be locked inside, I'd been inside this insane working environment all week and I wanted out. I wanted to be free from all the "you will do this, and you will do that" sort of bullshit. All I wanted was to be amongst happier people, and I knew exactly where to go and find that serenity that I needed. 

Before leaving, I stopped at my boss's office and told her of my plans to take the rest of the day off. She didn't seem to happy about it at first, seeing as how she depends on my skills quite a bit to keep this office in shape. She looked me directly in the eye and asked me if there was anything she could do to persuade me to stay. I kindly proceeded to tell her that there was not a damn thing that I could do to straighten out this mess that this office in running in right now, and that I was leaving, and not to call me but I would call her. And after six years of working for her, she knew when I said I was leaving early I meant it. I never leave early, I am always the last one to leave and today was just my day to be the first one out. I clocked myself out and I was off. 

Returning to my small yet very quaint little apartment on the upper east side of town, I walked past Sam the doorman, he looked at me with sort of an "ok I am confused" look. He never sees me before Six O'clock, and here it is only eleven thirty in the morning. 

"Is everything alright with you?" He asked.

"Oh yeah Sam everything is just wonderful. Why do you ask?"

"Well it's just your never home this early during the week, so I thought I would check and see." Sam is really a wonderful guy, he works hard, he too takes a lot of bullshit from people, and since I've lived in this building I have seen a lot of people walk all over him. So any chance I get to take a few minutes and talk with Sam I do just that. But today I couldn't talk for quite as long I was on a mission, and that mission I would complete. 

I headed upstairs to my apartment, and just as I reached the top step, the heel on my brand new shoes gave way and broke off, twisting my ankle, throwing me off balance. I reached in a rather fast hurry to grab onto the banister to keep myself from falling down the stairs, when suddenly out of nowhere there were these two strong arms that seemed to have caught me. 

"Are you alright Miss? This strangers voice asks. As I stood back up onto my feet, removing my other heel I straightened my coat. I turned to look at him, and in an instant my eyes were drawn to him. He was absolutely gorgeous, his brown hair perfectly in place, and his eyes, oh those gorgeous hazel eyes, they are soft, and gentle, and soothing to the point that I could have looked into them for hours. Now his smile, yeah that was something to talk about, he had this kind of smile that every woman would dream about, that I was pleasured with the ability to see. Again he repeated the same question, but I thought to myself why didn't I answer him? Was it because I just didn't know what to say or how to say it in fear that my words wouldn't come out clear, or that maybe I would stutter in trying to say them, or was it just because I really wanted to hear that voice again?" when he spoke to me my body shuttered inside.

" Yes I am alright. Thank you for catching me like that." 

"You are most welcome, I would have hated to see such a beautiful lady fall down all those stairs." Blushing I shyly turned my head.

"Why are you blushing?"

"It's just been a long time since I've heard anyone call me beautiful, I guess I am just not used to it. You aren't from around here are you?"

"Actually no, I just moved in here yesterday."

"You did? Where? I wasn't aware that we actually had an empty apartment here." 

"I am in 3d."

"Oh you have to be kidding me, you are just down the hall from me, I am in 3a." He introduced himself to me, and I to him.

"Well my beautiful neighbor, may I walk you to your door?" by this time I was in pure heaven, I had this really amazing guy standing beside me talking to me in ways that I hadn't been talked to in such a long time and I was really beginning to enjoy it. As he walked me to my door, he took my hands into his and in complete politeness, leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. 

As his lips touched my skin for the briefest of a moment, there was a charge of sexual electricity that ran through my entire being. And from that moment on I knew that my new neighbor and I would become inseparable. "May I see you again sometime?"

"Uh yeah, I guess you could do that. You know where I live." 

"Yeah your right I do don't I?"

She reached into her purse, and before he turned to walk back toward his apartment, she slipped something into his hand. "For you when you get home. Please don't open it out here. Before he turned to leave, we said our goodbyes and he was off. When he was far enough away from me, I turned myself placing my back against the door. My eyes couldn't help but scan his body from head to toe; oh he was the perfect specimen of a man. He was tall, but not too tall, I'm not one who cares for really tall men seeing as how I only stand five foot two inches tall. He was lean but not to skinny, I don't like bony men either, it's not comfortable when your making love with someone who is all skin and bone. This man has an ass to die for, the kind of sexy ass that I would have given anything to sink my teeth into, and its perfect, well shaped and from what I could tell well toned, he filled out his khaki's so nicely. 

Suddenly a loud bang stirred me from my daydream, turning back around I opened the door and went inside. With my serenity-finding mission still in mind, I walked into the bedroom and found my bathing suit, my favorite beach towel, and my Hawaiian Tropics suntan oil. I slipped out of my every day ordinary work clothes, which consisted of a short just above the knee length skirt, a pair of dusk black nylons, my black silk thong, my matching push up bra, and a silk light blue blouse. Each time my hands would touch my skin, it was almost as if I could feel this stranger's hands caressing me, touching me in ways that I haven't allowed any man to do in such a long time. As I began to slip into the bottom half of my black string line bikini, I seemed to be having some difficulty getting it pulled up, not that I have gained an enormous amount of weight and it just doesn't fit, but in fact it was his wonderful hands that I could feel trying to remove it from me. Slowly I slipped my hand in between my legs, I was becoming aroused. 

"How can this even be possible? How can this complete stranger whom I've only met an hour ago have this much of an affect on me? Has it been that long since I've actually been with a man? Or is it that I am finally ready to trust someone again?" After my last horrible break up two years ago, I swore off men, I vowed never to trust another man as long as I lived, I buried myself deeper into my work, and on those occasions when I was feeling in need of some kind of relief, I would bring out my trusty friend. I never had to answer to it, and it never let me down. Just as I finished getting into my short white jean shorts, and pink half top there was a knock at my door. 

"Oh god darn it I will kill her if its her, I told her I wasn't staying at work today." Walking to the door, I dreaded to open it for I didn't want to see my boss on the other side of it, but I opened it anyway. 

"Oh my god" was all that I heard, as that gorgeous hazel eyed man stood before me. "Can I help you?" I asked politely. He just stood there and stared at me.

"Oh I am sorry, you just look so much different then when I first saw you today."

"Well usually when I come home from work I do tend to remove those clothes. Would you like to come in?" he smiled and walked inside. 

"I don't mean to bother you but I was looking to see if maybe I could..."

"If you could what?"

"If maybe I could get you to come to lunch with me today, I know you and I just met, but I don't really like to eat alone, and I don't know anyone else here yet."

"Well I had plans to go out this afternoon, but yes lunch sounds good to me, I didn't eat at work today I just wanted out of there." I knew if I agreed to go to lunch with him, then it would be easy for me to control my urge to just rip this man's clothes off him and take full advantage of him. "Just let me go and change and I will be right with you." As I turned to walk back toward my bedroom he grabbed my arm gently. Feeling his hand on my skin started that sexual electricity all over again. 

"Oh no please...you don't have to change on my account, I think you look rather stunning like that." Slowly he began to pull me toward him. I could see the outline of his now hardening shaft, as it bulged inside his pants; my juices began to flow even more. Somehow I had to make it stop, although my mind was saying, "no he's a man this can't happen" my body was saying "Oh yes it can, you need this man to make it to happen" everything was happening so quickly, he leaned in and kissed the side of my neck, in an instant my shoulders drew up as I moaned softly. His hands wrapped around my waist pulling me into him. Feeling his hardness pressing against me, my hand slowly took hold of him. His body jerked, his hips hunched forward pushing his shaft into my hand as he moaned softly against my neck. Suddenly all the memories of what had happened to me all came back in an instant.

"Oh no I am sorry, I can't do this." I whispered as I began to cry.

"What's the matter?"

"It's a very long story, and I only just met you a couple of hours ago." 

"Oh its alright, come here." Wrapping his arms around me, he held me close to him. "Do you want to talk about it?" 

"It stems back to the fact that I was hurt two years ago by a man that proclaimed to love me, he hurt me pretty badly, and after that I swore off men, I refused to allow my heart to ever be hurt again. And although I somehow think that I really need what you and I were just doing, my head just won't let go." "Oh sweetie, I won't ever hurt you. I know you and I just met, but when I went back to my apartment earlier, you were all I could think about, that's why I came here and asked you to lunch. I just wanted to see you again." Lifting my chin with his finger, his soft hazel eyes locked onto mine, as he leaned down and kissed me softly. Oh I knew at that moment I needed him, now you can call me a crazy sex deprived chic all you want, but I didn't care at that moment I needed the affection, the touch, the feeling that a man gives to a woman, and I needed it now. His hands pulled me back into him, again his hardness pressed against me, my hand once again found itself right back where it wanted to, my fingers began to paw at his shaft. His moans grew louder, as his hips began to gyrate. His hand slipped between my legs, sliding his hand over my sex, my hips pushed forward into his hand. 

"Is this what you want baby?"

"Oh please, it's been so long, please touch me." Picking me up he carried me over to the couch, laying me down gently. He unbuttoned the buttons on my shorts, and slid them, and my bikini bottom down my legs.

"Why don't we touch each other baby." Standing he unbuttons his khaki's lowering them his fully erect shaft stands tall, sitting next to me he removed his pants, placing them in the chair. Taking my hands, he stood with me, sitting himself back down onto the couch his eyes locked onto mine once again.

"Come here baby." Laying himself onto his back, his hands guided me over to him, pulling me on top of him, my legs straddling his head, his arms wrap around them, his hands lay gently onto my ass, as he slowly pulled my pussy down to his awaiting mouth. Taking his shaft into my hand my lips enveloping the head, his back arched and his tongue pushed deep inside me. Slowly my lips worked their way down his shaft, feeling each and every protruding vein, oh god this man tasted so good, I wanted more, as my lips reached the base of his shaft, they locked around him, slowly my head began to bob up and down on his throbbing shaft. His tongue pushed deeper inside me, exploring my internal walls. 

My body began to quiver, as I could feel my orgasm building in the pit of my stomach. His balls were tight, and so full of what I so badly wanted. Cupping them gently he let out with a muffled scream as I began to massage his balls sucking his shaft faster. I felt his cock hardening more in my mouth as his balls drew tighter in my hand, my muscles inside contracted down around his tongue as our bodies both began to shake, as we brought each other over that ultimate edge to xanadu, riding through wave after wave of hard orgasms together. 

As our bodies began to settle, he turned me around and kissed me once more; I could taste my juices on his lips, as he could taste his on mine. He didn't say a word to me at first he just smiled that hear stopping smile. After a few minutes he looked deep into my eyes and whispered,

"It's a little late for lunch, how about dinner with me tonight?"

"Oh dinner with you will be perfect." Getting myself up off the couch, I asked him to give me about twenty minutes to get myself ready. He agreed, I went off to take a shower, and so did he, I got myself dressed in what I thought he would really like, it's a simple yet sexy little light blue dress, spaghetti straps, low cut back, and a slightly high teasing sort of slit up the side. Only this time I did something that he hadn't yet seen, I left my long hair down; it flowed nicely over my shoulders. As he returned to my apartment and I opened the door, it was like early afternoon all over again. We set out to dinner; he took me to this really nice little restaurant not far from our building actually. We had a wonderful dinner, and we talked about anything that came to mind, yet as our waiter brought us the check, he looked at me and I at him, and it was like we both knew what each other was thinking. Reaching over he took my hands into his.

"Baby I don't want this evening to end yet, will you come with me." I just smiled at him.

"I don't want it to end either, I will go anywhere with you." He paid for dinner and we walked out of the restaurant hand in hand.

"It's a nice night for a walk will you walk with me?" we walked for what seemed like miles but really it wasn't. Just as we were about to get to where he wanted to take me he had me close my eyes. Taking my hand again he lead me a little further, when I could feel that the ground beneath me had gotten a lot softer. It didn't dawn at me at first just where we were, but then I heard waves rolling in, and I knew we were on the beach. I felt his arms wrap around my waist, my back pressed up against his chest, his chin rested on top of my head.

"Open your eyes baby. It's as beautiful here as you are." Opening my eyes I was completely taken back as the sun was beginning to set. 

" Oh my god I have always wanted to be standing on this beach at sunset, but I haven't ever had the pleasure."

"Well you do now." Turning me around to face him, he slips his fingers into the sides of my hair; leaning down to me he kisses me softly. The passion in our kiss grew more intense, his tongue danced with mine as our hands explored every inch of each other.

"Let me make love to you tonight, right here on the beach baby. Lets enjoy our sunset, and enjoy each other." At that moment I didn't have to say a word, he knew that I wanted to be with him. Slowly he began to unzip my dress, lowering my straps off my shoulders. Lowering my dress to the sand, I unbuttoned his shirt, sliding my hands onto his chest for the very first time, oh he felt so good in my hands. Leaning into him I kissed every inch of his chest. Taking me back into his arms, he lowered us into the warm sand. As he removed his pants, his cock was erect once again. Gently he nestled himself between my legs, taking his shaft into my hand, I slowly guided him to the opening of my love tunnel. "Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked softly.

"Yes I am sure, please make love to me." slowly he pushed the head of his cock inside me. My body arched as I let out with a loud screech, he was the first man to be inside me in over 2 years, he stopped for a moment, as my walls adapted to his girth.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes baby I am alright, please don't stop, I need you so badly." Gently he began to push himself deeper inside me, by this time my being was now used to the feel of his hard throbbing shaft inside me. My hips began to hunch to meet his every slow and loving thrust. His eyes stayed with mine the entire time, but the changing expressions on his face were just indescribable, this man is so sexy, I just wanted to keep him mine forever. 

Feeling his shaft growing harder inside me, and his balls tightening, my muscles closed down around his shaft, milking him gently. Suddenly he began to whine and whimper, most men grunt and groan like wild rabid animals, but not him, his sounds are soft and sexy, my legs wrapped around his waist, my heels dug into his ass cheeks pushing him deeper inside me. His head threw back, his back arched, my body began to shake, and stiffen as we rode through wave after wave of earth shaking orgasms together. As our orgasms subsided, he lay beside me, resting my head onto his chest; he wrapped his arms around me, holding me close. 

"Baby, where do we go from here?" I asked softly.

"Any where you want to go baby, just as long as you go with Me." and from that point on, my new neighbor and I were now inseparable.