 I cycle back like an eager maniac.

My pushover Manager believed my headache complaints, the story about dizziness. Pretty soon I'd secured the afternoon off work as sick leave.

Truth is my brain is awash with fantasies of my home-alone girlfriend Kelly. My sore cock keeps beginning to harden as countless memories of her mouth consuming my dick, the weight of her head in my lap. Such impressions revisit me every other minute. Concentrating on work is a lost cause. I crave her attentions now. Desperately. Leaking pre-cum into the cotton of my pants all morning, it is apparent to me the frequency of Kelly's blowjobs has suspended my mind and body in a state of constant sexual arousal. If I close my eyes there she is, her blue gaze as she feeds on me. It is unbearable. I couldn't stop the lies to get out of work.

Lungs burning I pedal the last hundred meters uphill to her house, where I've spent the last two months almost constantly. From the driveway I catch music, techno thudding from the lounge. The curtains are pulled though it is not long past midday. 

My fingers tangle with the keys and with urgent impatience I chuck my bike in her garage, lock up then ram the spare she has given me in the latch. The music rushes out as I step into the hallway and close the front door behind me.

Something isn't right. I find myself creeping to the open lounge door. To the edge of the raging noise on heavy legs.

They're both groaning.

The sight slaps me hard and for a moment all I register is their immaculate flesh.

My brain reels. Kelly's creamy form. Jakki's honey skin. The fucking bitch has her face buried between my girlfriend's thighs. In her cunt.

They haven't noticed me. Why should they? I stand perpendicular, a few meters from Kelly's writhing fit, her overpowering pleasure. I look on, disbelieving as kneeling Jakki dares to shake her head in Kelly's thighs to provide my girlfriend's clit with a thorough tongue lashing. Kelly's body goes into spasms on the white sofa.

I'm devastated, glued as Kelly sits back, forwards, then back again. She's lost control. Her mouth gapes as she clutches Jakki's hair and fidgets through another sweaty orgasm. Their quivering bodies are absolutely bathed in sweat. Beads of it. The air is thick, heavy with the pungent musk of cunt. Four sopping dildos lie at Kelly's feet. Lace underwear, long forgotten, is discarded on the other sofa.

This is no quick fondle. They've been at it hours. Kelly twitches toward another orgasm.

I storm away, charge up the stairs, banging through the door into Kelly's bedroom. I pace back and forth fighting an adrenaline hell. That backstabbing tart Jakki has beguiled her. Never before have I seen Kelly so worked up, drowning in such utter ecstasy. By comparison my efforts to please my girlfriend seem suddenly paltry.

The wail that fills the house, meshing with the techno racket, is of an order I've never elicited from Kelly. In it I hear sexual bliss found through another. My pride is wrecked. By the eighth of ninth time that sound tortures me I am pacing in rage. This is what happens when my back is turned is it? I stare into the mirrored wardrobe at my jealous grimace.

Another long wail from downstairs ruptures into a succession of sobbing pants. Then a glorious cry lifts from Kelly as she revels in her girlfriend's expertise. I recoil from my reflection.

I keep telling myself to get out but I can't think where to go. In my clumsy anger I accidentally brush past the bedside lamp and it thuds heavily to the carpet.

Right above the lounge.

The techno vanishes. Urgent whispers downstairs. I'm frozen, breath caught. This is just about to get worse.

The sharp clack of high heels on laminate flooring. Then thumping up the stairs. I can't move.

Kelly, naked except white stilletoes, pulls up short, mid-gasp. Her shock turns into realisation. She sees my hurt. Her eyebrows crease with sympathy and she half-covers her horrified mouth with manicured fingers. Her long legs eat up the last two meters and she enfolds me in a tight hug, face nestled into my shoulder.

"Oh Chris," she mews against me. "I couldn't help myself."

My palms push her ribs and she steps back, arms sliding from my neck. Her tits sway slightly, nipples like bullets. Miserable apprehension clouds her expression. I notice her flat belly, subtle tremours with each breath. After-quakes. Her shaven pussy and groins are glossy with saliva, her thighs reddened with a host of suck-marks. Evidence of Jakki's skillful tonguing. "I'm at work while you're getting your muff eaten by bloody Jakki. This isn't the first time is it?" Kelly turns her cheek, lowers her naked butt to sit on the end of the bed. Legs together, protective. Her silence confirms my worst fears. "When did this start?" I growl. Kelly looks at the floor. "I want to know how long you two have been fucking each other." Her blue eyes bore up at me. "Two weeks ago. Look Chris, just think of it as a massage-" "Massage?" I shout incredulously. "What she was doing to you..." I can't finish.

Another pair of high heels tap across the lounge, stab up the stairs. Jakki arrives with knickers on and an open-mouth. She freezes at the threshold of Kelly's bedroom, sees me and ducks back. "Oh shit," she mumbles out on the landing.

Kelly's eyes are turning watery. I make my decision, head for the door. "I'm going." Something catches my shirt, pulls me to a standstill. "Wait." I look down at Kelly grasping my shirt hem. "Wait," she pleads. "Lie down. Here." Her palm slides over the silk sheets. "I can't. Not after..." The breath sags out of me. I yank my shirt from her grip; dump myself on the edge of the bed to sit beside her.

Jakki is lurking out of sight, still on the landing. Kelly calls her in. "Jakki, we're going to make it up to him. Chris and I are staying together. It's just..." "What?" I say. "Jakki's very accomplished." "What's that supposed to mean?" I snap. Jakki flashes me a conciliatory smile. She slides her knickers down and steps out of them.

Kelly oozes her hand over my thigh to cup my inner leg. "The way she licks me." Kelly's whisper teases my ear. She looks down shyly, as does Jakki.

I feel small, foolish.

"We were just having fun," Kelly has the audacity to tell me. That knotted ball of anger in my torso tightens another notch.

"We'll make it up to you. Now."

Kelly pushes my chest and I lay back, simmering with envy. I let them undress me, arching my back or lifting my legs when their hands prompt me. I lie with only boxer shorts remaining.

My limp cock is a pathetic bulge in my silver-stained, sweat-damp underwear. I stare at the ceiling, still on the verge of jumping up, grabbing my clothes and walking out.

A hand engulfs my lump, strokes me. Slow fingers. I glance down. 

The bitch. Jakki is knelt there, my shriveled member beneath her hand, rubbing it through the fabric. I want to refuse this woman but already it is too late. The slut has stirred a spark in my tummy. I'm too easy, I realise. She gropes my softness and stares at her working hand, its contents, ignoring my face.

Stiffening long fingers she palm-grinds my dough, rolling the underside up and down. I lift my head to watch. Her nails begin to tease a wondrous itch through the cotton into my meager length. My boxers temper her hard slides and I am able to enjoy her nails, free from grazing.

I am silenced by her treatment of me.

The glide of her lovely claws is like a metaphor; she can - has - hurt me, but now she chooses to cause me pleasure.

Kelly crawls onto the firm bed, gathers an armful of pillows and props them under my shoulders and head. I sink into the soft pile and not for the first time witness myself in the mirrored wardrobe doors just beyond the foot of Kelly's double bed. From this angle I see my face, my foreshortened body and my boxer shorts, just beneath my chin.

I feel a pulsation generated by Jakki's scoring caresses. A ripple that trickles down into my balls, climbs the glands of my dick's head. A throaty sigh issues from me like surrender.

I stare lustfully now at Jakki, this tall girl knelt at my side and drink in the beautiful cruelty of her pucker lips, a mouth that has stolen orgasm after orgasm from my girlfriend's snatch behind my back. I eye her tanned skin and long svelte limbs, her firm buttocks and neat cunt reflected back at me, her shoulders draped in luxurious blonde hair.

How I love to be done to.

I respond to her fingers hooking under my shorts and lift my sorry arse. She whisks the boxers down my thighs, over my knees and lets them drop to my ankles, out of sight.

There I am. Exposed, still soft, a tear of pre-cum pooled at the entrance of my foreskin. With the underwear gone the mirror displays to me my ball-sack, hairy thighs and flattened bum cheeks. I kick away the boxers, spread my legs wider to the cool air. Very deliberately Jakki washes her hands up my balls to cup my noodle then proceeds to twist and flop my manhood about. Kelly's lips part as her friend, lover, girlfriend - whatever - kneads me to semi-solidity with an array of different grips and rubs. Jakki holds my malleable cock between finger and thumb. Her silken hair descends, cascades into my lap. Her wet gob absorbs me and I feel the roof of her mouth. In her other hand she scrunches together my balls and in it all goes, the whole of my genitalia stuffed in her mouth, teeth lightly enclosing the base.

Every part of my softness, captured so sweetly, with just a hint of threat. I gasp under her as she breathes in my lap and holds. Her mouth makes me tense as it pulls off me, a mixture of hard and soft, my entirety spit-drizzled. She takes me in her fist and starts to wank me, speeding up, tightening her hold. Her friction cooks my sausage, pulling harder, veins throbbing in a grip that blurs on me.

"Tell him Jakki," drawls Kelly. "Tell him you're going to make him shiny and stiff."

Jakki's sapphire eyes look down into my face and through clenched teeth she hisses the promise.

"I think he wants you to suck it and prove it to him," groans Kelly.

Jakki slides off the bed and nestles her pretty face between my legs. Oh, now my blood is rushing. She angles my cock down, opens wide and lip-glides down my trunk, holding my gaze. My face distorts and I am mesmerised. Jakki pulls off me with a delicious 'pop'. 

"How's it feel? How does it feel looking into my eyes while I have your cock in mouth?" 

I can only groan. She grins wickedly at my hapless state. Without breaking eye contact she spits on my log and wanks it in. Does it again. Then she swills up a load and dribbles along my tube, massaging me to a slick sheen.

"That's it, spit all over him." Kelly leans forward and flobs on my knob. Jakki rubs in her donation. "So nice to see his dick shine," says the girl staring up my body. I have been nursed to fullness, a substantial cock now in Jakki's delicate fist. She allows my prick to stand proud and rubs me on her cheeks, kisses up my underside and teases my slit with her petite nose, trailing my ready juices around her lips.

"I love cock all over my face," Jakki tells me as she continues her intimate petting.

Kneeling up she opens wide. I brace with anticipation. She exhales hot breath over my soaking skin. She plunges. A deep fit. I admire the back of her blonde head in the mirror, her shoulders and the curve of her spine. She grips my pelvis and shakes her head, a technique learnt from Kelly, I'm sure. She is humming and pushing, humming hard and pushing. Her tongue pokes out, flat and wide and teases my balls as I sink deeper.

"Choke on it Jakki, it makes him harder."

"Ohhhh yeaaah," I groan involuntarily.

She coughs and pulls up in saliva strands. My cock slaps on my belly.

Kelly crawls to my side and pecks my lips. 

"Welcome home," she says and sticks out her tongue for me to see before dragging it wetly, down my sternum, over my abs. Rolling onto her side, her hair trickles over my flesh as she lays her head on my stomach to face my cock. Those blue eyes, that small angular nose and glossy lips are reflected back at me, lying just behind my fat bulbous cockhead. The mirror provides an excellent and devilish view of Kelly's face as she eyes my cock with a saucy grin and checks I am watching. She can observe herself, I can see her do me from a new angle while witnessing my expression just above hers. My expectation builds as Kelly fills my senses, the aroma of her hair, the way she is curled at my side, stilettos still on, the gold anklet I bought her accentuating those perfect legs. My head swoons at the narcissistic delights ahead. 

In one hand I tweak her nipple while my other hand curls in her golden tresses, grasping a fistful. 

Kelly's fingertips lilt on my rock-stiff girth and stand me upright. Her cheek burrs down to lay in my pubes, her smiling eyes peer past my donger to appraise my face. Our gazes are fixated, unblinking. She makes a ring of her swollen mouth and rubs parted lips up and down my upper side, rippling her pliant flesh over my rigid sculpture, her teasing 'O' gorgeous soft and rolling. Her nose is almost brushing my bone. Her grip around my base plays on me, fingers tenderly squeezing and re-gripping.

Jakki remains kneeling on the floor, head tilted up, her fringe, eyelashes and nose tantalising my inner thighs and shaven testicles. The mirror provides an angle on the back of her head but her face is hidden, nuzzled as it is into my under-crotch.

I experience a moist probing. Jakki's tongue assailing the fleshy fold of my arse. Using both thumbs she widens my crack and the warmness drags rings, drilling in around my puckered little hole. Her nose presses into my groin and through slim nostrils she is forced to suck and blast air against my flesh.

When Kelly finishes her lip massage she lies my truncheon down, her cheek retreating up my stomach to make room. My anticipation mounts as with forefinger and thumb she lifts my length just off my body. Her mouth yawns. Her ear brushes over my navel and there I am: a broad meat-wand pocketed in her warm mouth.

I regard Kelly, front and back. Her golden head dances in swirls, shoving me in further with smooth wiggles and luscious figure-of-eight motions. Being devoured in this twofold manner hypnotizes my senses, electrifies my every nerve. I am filmed in sweat. My appreciative eye doesn't miss a beat; Kelly's face corkscrewing me, her blonde bundle shifting on my belly, my presence bulging her cheek. She burrows relentlessly, jaws full stretch to accommodate, more of my underside enveloped with each devoted twist and all the while that steely gaze fans my feverish state. I am captivated. Seeing her work me at this novel angle, her lovely face contorted to greedy proportions – I'm in heaven.

Beneath her scented hair my abdomen tightens like a bowstring. Jakki moans on the gland bulging beneath my ball-sack. She turns to appraise our coupling in the mirror.

"Uhm Kelly," she whimpers, immediately fingering her own clit. "That's right, use your beautiful eyes on him as you gulp on his body."

Sighs push out of me. "Ssssso good, ssssso nice." My hands curl in her abundant tresses, clutching the hay-coloured softness. My fingers describe her shoulder; creamy smooth dappled with faint, brown-sugar freckles. Jakki crawls to a new position, cups my heel and calf, lifts my leg and kisses the tip of my big toe. She slurps it in and suckles. Her fingertips are cool dabs on my rampant flesh, her graceful hands caress up and down my leg, nails fanning elegantly to titillate my skin. Her oral ministrations are a wonderful counterpart to the main event in my lap.

Kelly pulls off me for a moment to catch a breath.

"Push my head on you," she commands before opening wide and returning me to the back of her throat.

Her eyes beg me.

I obey, going gently, cupping to nod her gullet on my sensitive bulb. Each butt on my live tip startles a gasp from me. My hips quiver, judder, and Kelly rides my waves. By handing control over to me I can softly fuck her mouth while taking care to prolong this bliss.

Kelly heightens some of my considerate pushes with a sultry wiggle.

"Ohhhgh."

Or by whizzing her tongue around my trapped bulb.

"Mufffhr."

Or by showing her teeth and lightly clenching the base of my girth. 

"Unggh."

On my next push she holds. The tight band of her lips press into my ball-sack.

"Ohmmmmmmmmm," she hums. Long, deep vibrations that radiate through my pelvic floor. Jakki drops my leg, scoots to my balls and plants her mouth over the bulge. "Hmmmmmmm," into my sack. Their mantra flows into me and I enter a long blissful groan. They repeat the deep resonance in unison and the energy courses into my sex, travels my body, inspiring goose flesh.

Bourne aloft by their ardent hums and by worshipful gratitude on my part, hot plasma floods my body. I tense every fibre and rock. Abruptly I lift my legs high and bent, toes pointed like a ballet dancer. I sit up, curling around Kelly's head, still conjoined with my dick. I find her reflection through the 'V' of my thighs and growl as the eruption approaches, Jakki still suctioning to my balls.

Kelly's hard blue eyes narrow.

White rapture seizes me; I can't hear, my vision is a tunnel, Kelly at the centre, mouth-gripping my manhood. My face screws up. Spurts rush out of me, my body twitches like a sparking wire. Kelly's throat is gulping, drinking my gift.

My legs grow leaden. I drape my thighs over Jakki's shoulders, feet hanging down her back. I flop back into the padding. Kelly's mouth slides off me like a tight and most friendly sock. My flaccid rod shines with spit. Only an after-dribble of cum drips on my belly. Kelly lifts my cock, pillows her lips and bounces kisses on my prick-tip. Each tap is sweet delight, my dilated eye incredibly sensitised.

"So are we forgiven?" asks Jakki, nibbling my thigh.

Through heaves I stare down at the girls. Kelly continues dabbing, Jakki's exquisite hand wraps around my trunk and pulls, slowly speeding up as I try to form my reply.

Finally my lungs manage to slow and I find breath enough to speak.

"Yes," I croak.

By now Jakki's fist is a piston on my cock. Kelly is kissing my tip deeper, bowing her lips part way down my cap.

"In that case," drawls Jakki, jerking me firmly, "we'll keep you hard and use you some more."

This is turning into a fantastic day...