 We'd been working together for months before I found the courage to admit to myself that I had a crush on him. It was ludicrous really. I was a happily-married woman with a tenure-track faculty position at a major university, not some bubble-headed coed. But every time we passed each other in the halls of the English department I felt my stomach go all fluttery inside.

Rick was a visiting adjunct. He was in his late 20's, only a couple of years younger than me, with sandy blond hair and the nicest smile. He was married too, which made it even worse. Sometimes his wife dropped him off at work. Erin was small and pretty and dark. She was six months pregnant and it was clear that they were very much in love with each other. Every time I saw the two of them kiss I felt a pang, like someone had pricked my heart with a pin.

I didn't tell my husband anything. Greg was already peeved at me for the late hours I'd been working this past semester. Informing him that I had a thing for another professor would NOT go over well. And if he ever wondered why I seemed to be so horny all of a sudden, he kept his suspicions to himself.

Because, I was turned on almost ALL the time. It was kind of embarrassing. I kept fantasizing about doing things -- sexual things -- with Rick. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help myself. I imagined kissing him, touching him, what it would feel like to have his body pressed tight against mine. Greg and I were having sex almost every night, partially because I was so worked up, and partially because I felt so guilty about my crush. I loved my husband, and didn't want to hurt him. Still, sometimes when Greg was thrusting into me, I would imagine that it was Rick instead.

It was a Monday night and I was working late as usual. I was supposed to be reviewing graduate admissions, but I was distracted as usual by inappropriate thoughts. I had this fantasy of just walking into Rick's office and taking off all my clothes. It was totally crazy, the sort of thing you read about in porn stories. I could picture the shocked look on his face as I stripped naked in front of him. And then I'd tell him I wanted him to fuck me, and he'd take me into his arms, and ....

A knock at my door brought me out of my reverie. 

"Jill?"

I spun around in my chair. It was Rick, standing at the door to my office, with a quizzical look on his face. I could feel myself blushing.

"Hey, there," he said, "You got a minute?"

"Ah ... yeah, sure," I realized her voice sounded a little strange. "What's up?"

Rick rubbed the back of his head and looked sheepish.

"This might be totally stupid," he said, "But I just get this feeling that I might have said something to offend you ... and if I did I wanted to apologize and clear the air."

"Offend me? You haven't done anything like that! Why did you think that I ...?"

Rick laughed nervously. "I told you it was probably stupid. It's just that lately ... over the past few weeks ... I've felt like you've been avoiding me. Whenever I see you it's like you pretend I don't exist. I thought I'd done something to upset you."

I could feel myself turning a deeper shade of red. Looking back on it, I HAD been avoiding him, because every time I was around him my panties got soaked.

"Oh!" I said. "Oh God no, it's nothing you've done! I've just ... there's something I'm going through right now."

His face showed concern. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

I tossed my head and laughed. "Oh, believe me, I wish there was ...."

"I'm not sure I understand."

He was leaning against the door, looking worried. His collar was open and his sleeves were rolled up and his eyes were impossibly green. I caught a faint whiff of his cologne. It was a warm, masculine smell. God, this was making me crazy!

"The problem is ... how to put it ... you're an attractive man."

"Um ... uh ... thank you? I'm not sure I'm following you."

"You're an attractive man ... whom I find myself attracted to."

"Oh ... OH! But aren't you married?"

"Ah ... now you're seeing the nature of the problem."

There was an awkward silence. Rick shifted his weight from one foot to the other. His hand was on the doorknob. I half-expected him to just turn and walk away. Stupid, stupid, stupid. 

"I'm sorry," I blurted out. "Like I said, it's my problem not yours."

Rick licked his lips. "I mean, I'm married too. Erin ...." His voice trailed off.

"I know, I know! Just forget I said anything."

"I could ... I could never cheat on her ... particularly not with a married woman."

"I didn't mean to suggest you would. I feel so stupid."

Rick ran his fingers through his hair. When he spoke again, his voice was lower. 

"Now ... if we were both single ... it would be different ...."

Whoa, I hadn't expected that. "Really?" I said.

"Well ... yeah. If we were both single, I ... uh ... I'd probably already have asked you out."

"Oh," I said. My heart was fluttering. I struggled to keep her voice steady. "You mean, in some theoretical alternate reality where neither one of us was married ...."

"Exactly. I mean ... I think you're attractive too." He laughed. "I've got a thing for girls with glasses."

I reached up and touched my glasses, suddenly self-conscious. The way he was looking at me was strange. I felt like I was naked, even though I was fully dressed.

"You know," he said softly, "In theory, working late like this ... it would be the perfect opportunity for two single coworkers to fool around ...."

"Would it?" My voice sounded a little strangled. "In theory?"

"Yes. Two people ... alone ... who both find each other attractive ...."

"Um ... theoretically, how would such a thing happen?"

"Well ... it would probably start innocently enough. I might walk up behind you and start rubbing your shoulders, for example."

"I'd suspect I'd like that," I said, "Sometimes my back gets really stiff."

"I'd rub your shoulders until you weren't stiff anymore. And then ... well ... a lot would depend on what you did next. If you didn't turn around, it probably wouldn't go any farther than that."

"Ah ... but what if I did turn around."

"Then I'd probably take that as an indication that you wanted me to kiss you."

My throat felt dry. "In the circumstances, yes, that probably would be the correct conclusion."

He looked at me intently. "You'd want me to kiss you?"

"Theoretically ... yes ... in the scenario you're describing."

"Then I'd kiss you ... deeply."

I felt a rush of warmth pass through my body. "I see."

"How do you think you might respond? Theoretically, I mean."

I shifted in my chair. I was trying to act nonchalant, but my mind was in turmoil. "I'd probably put my hands on your chest ... or maybe slide my arms around your neck."

"Pick one."

"Oh God ... uh ... around your neck."

"Then I'd put my hands on your hips ... and pull your body against mine."

"Our bodies pressed together ...," I said softly.

"While we kissed," Rick said. "Deeply ... passionately."

"It's ... uh ... very interesting to consider from a theoretical perspective," I said. "Of course, none of this could ever actually happen ...."

"Oh no ... of course not!"

"But, if it did ... uh, what do you think would happen next?"

"I suppose I would unbutton your shirt."

"You would?"

"Yes. I'd untuck it from your pants, and undo all the buttons, and slip it off your shoulders. And then I'd run my hands over the fabric of your bra ...." 

"Pink cotton."

"Hmmm?"

"In the interests of accuracy ... what I'm wearing ... um ... what I theoretically would be wearing ... is a pink cotton bra."

"I'd run my hands over your pink cotton bra, touching your lovely breasts ...."

"Oh!" I said. I could feel my nipples hardening as I imagined what that would feel like. "I would probably like that ... a lot."

"What happens next?"

"I think ... I think I probably would reach behind me and unfasten my bra."

"Your pink cotton bra. And take it off?"

I smiled at him. "Do you want me to take it off?"

"Yes, very much."

"Then I would take off my bra, showing you my bare breasts."

Rick swallowed. "Do you think, under the circumstances, your nipples would be hard?"

I nodded. "They'd definitely be hard." In fact, they were hard right now. Rick had to be able to see them poking through the thin silk of my blouse. He had to realize the effect this conversation was having on me.

"Then I'd have to kiss them," he said. "I'd kneel in front of you and suck on your tits ...."

"And I'd run my fingers through your hair ...."

"... and while I was sucking on your tits I would unbuckle your belt ... ."

"Yes ... go on ...."

"... and I would unzip your pants, and pull them all the way down ... down around your ankles."

"You'd take off my pants right here in my office?"

"Yes. Under the circumstances, I wouldn't be able to help myself. And I'd run my hands over your bare legs."

"Ohhh ... I would enjoy that. I would be making little moaning sounds."

"Can you describe the sounds a little more specifically?"

"Sort of like this." I closed her eyes and threw my head back. "Ohhhhhhhh," I said softly, "Oh, baby, yesssssss."

"Jesus," Rick muttered under his breath.

"What?"

"What you just did was very ... uh ... vivid."

"In theory, would it make you hard? Hearing me moan like that?"

"It would make me so hard."

I glanced down at his crotch. His growing erection showed as a straight line against the khaki fabric.

"Tell me about your panties," he said.

"They're pink cotton, like my bra. I mean, they would hypothetically be pink cotton."

"Are they ... would they be wet?"

"Sopping."

"And if I pulled them down ...?"

"You would discover a wedge of dark brown curls."

"A wide wedge or a narrow wedge?"

I couldn't believe the words that were coming out of my mouth. Was I really about to describe my pubic hair to one of my colleagues? "Sort of in between. Not a jungle, but not a strip either. A neatly-trimmed triangle."

"I would run my fingers through your neatly-trimmed triangle ...."

"Ohhhh."

"... And then down lower, between your thighs."

"Would you put your fingers inside me? Hypothetically?"

"Not at first. First I would just trail my fingertips along the outside of your lips."

"Oh God," I muttered. I was all I could do not to squirm in my chair.

Rick licked his lips. "I'd trail my fingertips along the outside of your tender, swollen pussy lips ...."

"Don't tease me. Put them inside. Put your fingers inside me."

"... And then, slowly, I'd slide them up inside you."

"I'd be so wet, they'd go in easily."

"I can imagine. I'd slide them all the way up inside you, and then I'd start fucking you with my fingers. I'd fuck you with my fingers while I kissed you deeply on the mouth."

"I would be moaning. My hips would be moving. I'd be rubbing my naked body against you while you fucked me with your fingers."

Rick was staring at me. His face was flushed. I could tell he was imagining what I would look like naked. 

"And then," I said, "I would reach down and unzip your fly ...."

"Yeah," he said.

"... and I'd take out your cock, your beautiful hard cock ...."

"I would be so hard," he said.

"... and I'd rub it against my naked stomach. Skin against skin. The head all wet and slippery, leaving a shiny trail ...."

"Oh God," he said. He slipped his hand into his pocket. It was obvious he was touching himself.

"... and then I'd push it down, down through the brown tangle of my hair, down between my legs ...."

"That's so hot."

"... guiding the head between my swollen lips ... covering your cock with my wetness ... the sensitive tip sliding back and forth against the shiny pink of my open pussy ... ."

Rick's voice was hoarse. "I want to fuck you ... I mean in the scenario we're describing, I would hypothetically want to fuck you ... very badly."

"How would you fuck me?"

"I would turn you around and bend you over your desk."

"Ooooh."

"Your tits would be hanging down, and your hair would be in your face, and your ass would be up in the air, and I'd stand there for a moment just admiring the view."

"But not for too long ...."

"No, I'd want you too much. I'd step up behind you and put one hand on your hip to steady you, and with my other hand I'd rub the head up my cock up and down between your pussy lips."

"Oooooh," I said. "I love that."

"And then I'd slowly ease myself inside, savoring how hot and tight and wet you were."

"I'd rise up on my toes and arch my back, so that you could slide straight in."

"It sounds like you've been fucked that way before," he said. His hand was moving faster in his pocket.

"Yes. But not for a while. And never here in my office."

"I would grab hold of your hips with both hands and I would start thrusting ... long slow strokes at first ... letting you feel the full length of my cock moving in and out of you ...."

"Close the door," I said.

Rick blinked. "What?" 

"I need for you to step all the way into my office and close the door behind you please."

He did what he was asked, clearly intrigued. "Okay," he said. "It's closed. Why...?"

"Because I really, really need to touch myself right now, and I can't do that without pulling down my jeans. And I really don't want anyone to walk past and see me masturbating."

Rick swallowed hard. "Isn't that moving our scenario out of the theoretical and into the practical?"

I unbuckled my belt and unzipped my fly. "I think we already passed that point a while ago. Or at least you did." My eyes flicked down at his crotch, where his hand was still slowly stroking.

"Fair enough," Rick said.

"Here's the deal," I said, wriggling out of my jeans. "You're going to keep standing over there, and I'm going to keep sitting over here. We're going to continue to explore the hypothetical, but with the understanding that certain allowances have to be made for immediate physical practicalities."

"Like the fact that we're both really close to coming?"

"Exactly. Like the fact that we're both really close to coming. Like the fact that you've gotten me so fucking aroused that if I don't come in the next five minutes I'm going to scream."

I lowered my jeans down around my ankles. That way I could spread my legs without taking my pants all the way off. And I hiked my shirt up under my breasts. My crotch was still covered, but other than that, the entire middle of my body was exposed. Rick started stroking faster. Looking straight at him, I slid my hand down inside my panties. My pussy was sopping wet, the lips so puffy and sensitive that it made me shiver to touch them. My clit was a hard ridge, begging to be teased. I ran my finger along it, moaning with pleasure.

"Okay," I said, regaining my composure "Where were we?"

"I was fucking you from behind."

"You were fucking me from behind with your long beautiful cock."

"And I reach around and cup your breast with my hands. I'm squeezing your breasts and playing with your nipples while I fuck you from behind."

"They're so swollen and tender. You're pinching them and making me moan."

"I'm pinching them and teasing them. I love how your tits swing back and forth as I thrust into you."

"And I reach back, back between my legs, and I cup your balls with my hand."

"Oooooh, that's good."

"Are your balls full for me, baby? Are your balls full of cum for my pussy?"

"Yessssss."

"I'm playing with your balls while you're fucking me. I'm thinking about the big load you're going to shoot inside me."

Rick's eyes fluttered. I could tell he was really close. "Is it okay ...," he said. "Is it okay if I take my cock out so I don't make a mess?"

"Yes, take it out. Show me your hard cock."

He unbuckled his khakis and dropped them around his ankles, followed immediately by his boxer shorts. His cock sprung straight out between his shirttails, purple and throbbing. He was maybe seven inches long, and uncircumcised, although in his present condition his foreskin was fully retracted, exposing the dark, shiny head. Rick wrapped his fist around his exposed sex and started pumping, the silky skin sliding back and forth on the length of his shaft.

"Oh, that's nice," I said, strumming my clit. "Oh, you have such a nice cock."

"I'm fucking you with it. I'm fucking you with my cock."

"I'm face down on my desk. I'm moaning."

"I'm watching my cock slide in and out of your beautiful pussy."

"I'm pushing my hips back against you, pushing you in so deep."

"You're so wet inside, so wet and tight."

"God, you're huge. It's like you're splitting me open."

Rick groaned. "I want to see your pussy," he said. "I want to be looking at your pussy when I come."

"Okay," I panted. "Okay, hang on." I raised my bottom a few inches off the chair and dragged my panties down with my free hand. Once they were past my knees, I spread my legs wide, giving Rick a perfect view of my naked pussy. I had three fingers buried deep inside me, sliding them in and out to match his strokes. I hooked one leg over the arm of my chair, and began furiously rubbing my clit.

"Oh God," he said, "You look incredible like that."

"You too," I said.

"I'm really close," he said.

"Same here."

"I want to come with you."

"On three, okay?" I said. "When I count to three we both come."

"Okay."

"One."

"Oh, baby," he groaned.

"Two."

"Ooooooh."

"Threeeeeeeeee."

The orgasm hit me like a tidal wave. My legs started spasming, and I arched my back, thrusting my pelvis up in the air. I was moaning. Rick was moaning too. He was staring straight at me, staring at my throbbing pussy, his hand furiously working his swollen cock. His hips jerked forward abruptly and long, ropy arc of cum shot out from his cum hole. It covered half the distance between us, splattering noisily on the gray linoleum floor. My whole body convulsed, snapping my head forward, my moans degenerating into a series of guttural grunts as the orgasm shuddered through me. 

"UH ... UH ... UH ... UH ... UH ...!"

Rick kept pumping, his cock jerking upwards each time he unloaded another huge spurt of his seed. 

"Ah! Ah ... ah ... ah ... ah ... AHHHHHHHHH!"

I collapsed into my chair and Rick sagged back against the closed door. We were both red-faced and panting. Slightly stunned by what had just happened, I rested my hand on my bare tummy. I was suddenly conscious of how cool the air of my office felt on my exposed, wet girly parts. I had a fleeting thought that I should probably close my legs and pull up my panties, but I was too busy savoring the moment. Rick brushed his hair out of his face and looked at me. His cock was already beginning to soften.

"That was ... amazing," he panted. "You ... were amazing."

"I came so hard," I said.

"I know. I saw you," he said. He bent over and pulled up his pants. He glanced down. "Oh, God ... I made a mess of your floor."

***

Three days went by before I saw Rick again. It was Thursday morning and I was at my desk typing up notes for my lecture on Friday when I heard a light knock on my door. I looked up and he was standing just outside my office, looking sheepish.

"We should probably talk," he said.

"Yeah ...," I said. "We probably should."

"What happened the other day ... I didn't mean for it to go that far."

"Me either."

"The thing is ...."

I could guess where he was going, and I finished his thought.

"The thing is, we still have to work together," I said.

"Yes. And I don't want things to be weird."

"It's okay. It was ... just something that happened."

Rick ran his hand through his hair.

"I love my wife. I don't know what I was thinking."

"It was just ... bodies. A physical thing. It didn't mean anything."

Rick looked relieved. He sighed and smiled at me, and when he smiled, I felt all melty inside. I wasn't lying. My attraction toward him was purely physical. But that didn't make it any less real. Seeing him standing there in the doorway to my office brought all the memories flowing back. I remembered how amazing he'd looked three days ago, when he was standing in that very same spot, half-naked, erect. I'd masturbated to that image at least five times since.
