 The Doctor looked around his empty office and saw his last patient of the day sitting and waiting all by herself. He walked over to her.

"I'm sorry you were left here alone, ma'am. My receptionist and the rest of the staff had to leave early. If you'd come with me please."

The Patient stood up, grasping a clipboard. "This is my first time here, and they gave me this paperwork to fill out," she said. "I just finished it, but there was no one left to give it to. Do you want it?"

The Doctor smiled. "Yes, I do," he said. "I need the information since this is the first time I've had you here. Please come with me."

He gestured her to go ahead of him, and as she passed, he placed his hand on the small of her back to guide her to the hallway. As the touched, he felt something like an electrical charge go up his arm. He saw her startle just a bit, and knew she felt that same charge.

"Careful," he thought. "She's a patient. Ethics, ethics."

"How did you decide to come to our clinic," he asked.

"It was recommended," she replied. "I was told you are the only one that gives treatments of this kind. I was also told I would be extremely satisfied with the way you do things here."

"That's quite a compliment. It's the last door on the right. Turn in here."

The New Patient took three steps into the room and stopped cold. She looked around, just a bit confused. "This is an examination room?" she asked.

The Doctor gave a small smile. "Yes it is. You'll find we do things a little differently around here. The changes are for the patient's benefit, as you'll find out."

He gestured to the other end of the room. "The old examination tables are quite uncomfortable, to be honest, and the traditional stirrups aren't much better. No matter what we do, they're quite cold, so we replaced them with a bed. That way, you can lie down comfortably."

"But it's a waterbed," she responded.

"Of course," said the Doctor. "It's a heated bed, kept at the proper temperature, so it's warm on the skin when you lay down. It's all a matter of comfort."

The New Patient walked over to the waterbed. The Doctor said, "Now, if you please, take off your clothes and lie down."

As she began to disrobe, the Doctor got a good look at her. The New Patient was short, with red hair – no, auburn hair he corrected himself, solidly built and very, very attractive with a light dusting of freckles on her face and across the top of her breasts. He again reminded himself to stay under control. "Ethics, ethics," he whispered to himself.

Now came the ticklish part. The Doctor began to take his clothes off as well. The New Patient had climbed onto the bed and turned and gasped "What are you doing?"

The Doctor finished undressing. "Again, as I said, we do things differently around here," he said. "When one is clothed, and the other is not, there is an issue of dominance and power. Now, especially since there aren't any nurses around for this examination, I think it's even more important for there to be a level playing field between us. Do you understand what I mean?" he added.

She gave him a funny look. He smiled. "Remember, I am a doctor, and a therapist. I have a code to live by, and ethics and responsibilities to my patients. Trust me, okay?" 

The New Patient visibly relaxed and sat back, propped up by large pillows placed on the bed. The Doctor began to read over the information on the clipboard. He nodded a couple of times and made a notation on the paperwork.

"Okay, I see here that you're having an issue with vaginal dryness. At your age -- well, our age actually, since we're about the same age," he smiled, "it's not that unusual. Sometimes there are physiological reasons, sometimes it's psychological. Let's get started."

The Doctor smiled. "Here's one more difference at this clinic. We try not to use the stuffy medical terms when talking about your body. It's so unnatural. We instead use standard terms for your body and its parts. We find that patients talk more naturally and give us better information. It's less formal and stiff around here."

The New Patient looked at the Doctor's face, and then her gaze dropped down. "Less stiff, hunh? You could have fooled me about the stiff part."

The Doctor blushed slightly. "Uh, well," he stammered, "yes, well...."

The New Patient laughed. "I'll take that as a compliment, Doctor. A pretty large compliment, actually."

"Likewise" grinned the Doctor. "Shall we get started?"

The New Patient nodded.

"Alright. So basically you're having problems with getting your pussy wet?" She nodded again. "Like I said earlier, sometimes when you get older that can happen, but quite frankly that shouldn't be happening to you. It's possible it's being caused by other issues, so let me check things out."

"My first question is pretty straightforward," the Doctor said. "Do you enjoy fucking? Do you like the feel of a dick inside your pussy?'

The New Patient looked surprised. "Of course I do! I love fucking!"

"That's good. In fact, that's more than good," said the Doctor. "A woman like you who didn't enjoy fucking would be a tragedy. You're healthy, attractive – hell, pretty hot. It would be a shame if you didn't enjoy your gifts."

"Let's get to the physical examination," he said. He reached out and gently caressed her substantial breasts. "You have very nice tits."

'Thank you, Doctor," she said, as her breath caught.

The Doctor gently rubbed her tits, massaged them, and ran his fingers over the nipples. The New Patient made a small noise in her throat. The Doctor continued to massage, and then suddenly bent down and took the right nipple in his mouth and began to suck and nibble on it. She made that noise again, only a little louder. He continued to lick and suck the right nipple, and then shifted over to the left side and repeated the process, humming while he nibbled. She began to squirm on the bed.

The Doctor stopped, and craned his head upward and smiled. "Your tits are beautiful, and the nipples are made for sucking. You know that, don't you?" She nodded. "Do you feel a bit aroused? Is your pussy getting a little bit wet?" She nodded again. "Good. It's a good start, but it's just a start. We have quite a ways to go."

He sat up on the edge of the bed. "Do you enjoy foreplay?" Again, she nodded. "What kinds of foreplay do you like? I can tell you love to have your tits sucked on. Do you like to suck dick? Do you like the feel of a dick in your mouth?"

She gave a little smile and said, "I enjoy sucking dicks, but I don't like the taste of cum. But I sure like getting a dick good and hard." The Doctor stirred. She added, "Do you want me to show you how I do it?"

The Doctor nodded. "That would be really good. Really, really good." 

The New Patient smiled, leaned over and began to tongue the Doctor's dick. It stiffened immediately, and she began to caress it with her lips, lightly and playfully. She alternated taking the head into her mouth with licks of the head, then up and down the shaft like it was a popsicle. The Doctor started moaning. "You like that?" she asked. All he could do was nod, and moan a little.

She went back to work, taking a little more of his dick into her mouth each time she bobbed her head. Eventually, she engulfed half of his large, stiff shaft. But then she stopped abruptly, and he cried out. She smiled again, and then began licking his balls, humming and saying "Nice balls."

The Doctor couldn't believe it. She gave his balls more attention, then went back to the shaft of his dick, licking up and down and then taking the head into her mouth and bobbing over and over again, licking the glans, bobbing again, licking, bobbing. He was about to explode when she stopped and sat up.

He let out an involuntary moan. "Oooooh. My. God." His face was red and his fists were clenched.

She laughed. "I figured you should know how I do things"

He said through clenched teeth, "You do them well. Oh. My. God." 

She laughed again. "And that is a nice dick. Just the right size."

The Doctor then collected himself with great effort. "We need to get back to your examination."

"Yes, you do. What's next?"

The Doctor said, "It's time to do a complete check on your pussy. If you're having a problem getting wet, we need to find out what it is, and what to do to fix it." He gestured to her. "Lie down on your back, and spread your thighs for me please. I need to see your pussy."

She complied. He lay down between her legs and muttered, "Wow, I really like my job sometimes."

"I'm sorry. I didn't hear what you said."

"Don't worry. Okay, what feels good? Do you like this?" He began to rub her clit, slowly. She squirmed and nodded. Then he slid a finger into her pussy. "How about that?"

"Ohhh, yes, that feels good!" He continued to slide his finger around inside, looking for and finding the sensitive spots. She began to squirm, and the juices started to flow.

"Do you like to have your pussy eaten?" he asked. He didn't wait for an answer. The Doctor dove right in, taking his tongue and licking around the edges and then, quickly, thrusting his tongue into her hole. She let out a loud gasp of "Yes!"

The Doctor needed no encouragement. He pistoned his tongue in and out of her love canal, savoring the juices that flowed freely. She moaned again, and then grabbed the back of his head and pressed downward, pushing his tongue deeper inside her pussy. He lapped away for dear life.

He stopped, and she let out a disappointed gasp. He sat up, and told her it was time for the last part of the examination.

"You don't have dry pussy my dear, not if you get it warmed up properly. No, indeed, your pussy gets nice and wet. There's one more thing we need to do, and that's to find out how long it takes for you do come. For this part of the examination, I need an explicit okay. Not just a yes, but a description of the next step in your own words, and permission to continue. Do you understand?"

The New Patient looked at the Doctor, her face reddened with desire. "Yes, I understand. Please please fuck me now. I need that big dick in my pussy. NOW!" With that she laid back and spread her legs wider.

The Doctor raised himself up on his knees, positioned himself, and began to slide his dick into her sopping wet pussy. She let out a gasp and thrust her hips forward.

"Does this feel good? Do you like how my dick feels inside your pussy?" She moaned a yes, and he thrust again. "Your pussy is so tight and wet and slick. You want it deep, don't you?" She moaned again, and began pushing back even harder.

The Doctor felt his dick hit bottom and heard her gasp out "OH THAT'S DEEP!" 

He didn't slacken his pace. In fact he started going faster and faster. He felt the walls of her pussy start to writhe and contract and pulse.

Then he knew he was in trouble. He pussy felt so good and so perfect, the Doctor lost control. As she cried out as her orgasm began, he let out a yell as well, and his balls emptied, gushing out and filling her with his come. He kept spurting, over and over, like he hadn't come in ages. He thought his head would explode from the intensity of the feeling. And he felt her pussy walls contracting, squeezing every last drop of cum from his dick. She was gasping beneath him, as red-faced as he was.

As the last bit of cum entered her pussy, the Doctor tried to gather himself. The New Patient laughed. "Do you treat all your new patients this way?"

He tried to stammer out an apology. "I got carried away. I wasn't supposed to come inside you. I'm your doctor, and filling your pussy, sweet as it is, with cum is wrong."

She smiled at him. "I take that as a compliment. I like having your cum leaking out of my pussy." "Because of my actions, this clinic visit will obviously be without fee."

The New Patient looked at him. "What about future visits and therapy?"

"Well, what you really need is three sessions like this per week to stay healthy."

She smiled at the Doctor. "I like that. There will be a couple of conditions if I'm going to continue to be treated here. First, will you be my therapist? 

The Doctor smiled. "I would certainly be honored to be the one taking care of your pussy."

The New Patient smiled back. "As for my second condition, here it is. When I get naked and spread my thighs for your nice big dick, do you promise to fuck me nice and deep, so I can feel your balls slapping my ass? And will you come inside me like that every time? I love the feel of your cum spilling from my pussy."

The Doctor smiled. "I think that can be arranged." He grabbed a towel and tried to clean up his dick and wipe her battered but still beautiful cunt.

As they got up from the bed, she turned and looked at him. "Aren't you glad the kids aren't home right now?"

He grinned. "Yeah. They don't need to hear us getting that loud, do they? We still do, after all these years. God, you're beautiful." He leaned toward her and gave her a kiss. "I love you."

"I love you too. Let's go get a pizza."