 I grew up watching my grandfather smoke himself into an early grave. I listened to him every day cough and wheeze, struggling to breathe his every breath. I wondered why on earth, he would keep doing something that was so dangerous to his body. I guess as a young boy, I didn't fully understand the effects and the addiction that cigarette smoking could have on him. Therefore, I didn't understand why he wouldn't just lay them down, instead of having to breathe on an oxygen machine for the remaining years of his life. 

However, I loved him just the same, no matter what. I urged him to quit every chance I got. I even got a license as a hypnotherapist in hopes of helping him to kick the habit. Unfortunately, it took longer to get my license than he had left. I vowed when he passed away, to do all that I could to help others in the same situation to quit smoking. That is why I have chosen to start my business as a licensed hypnotherapist, specializing exclusively in helping others to quit smoking. 

My only problem is that I do not have enough money just yet to rent my own office space or building. Being a newcomer in this field is taking me a little while to build my clientele. It is hard to be serious when you don't have a professional area to work in. This is why I have decided to discuss my options with my mentor, Dr. Milton Dickerson. I know he'll have some good advice for me, so I called him and invited him to lunch.

When we met at the restaurant, I slowly worked my way into telling him about my plans. I told him that I really wanted to do this but wasn't sure how to get an office without the funds to rent it. I asked him if he knew of anywhere reasonably cheap that I could rent in order to get my business started. 

Dr. Dickerson told me that the building he was renting was originally a Dental Office. He said it had a waiting area, along with four individual rooms in it. Then he told me that his landlord had given him a really good rental price, since a dentist before him had rented it. 

I told Milton, "Man... you are so lucky. I wish I could run across a great deal like that. I know I could make a go at it, if I just had my own space." 

Milton twirled his fork on his plate for a few seconds as I went on talking about my new business ideas. Then he broke in and said, "Steve, do you really think you can help people quit smoking? I mean... Is that really, what you want to do...? There are so many other things you are qualified to handle..." 

I replied, "I have always wanted to help others... so why not help save their lives in the process of kicking a nasty habit." 

Milton grinned and said, "Well... I like your conviction for this... Tell you what, since I have four rooms, why don't you start out your business there with me. Then you can build it up and get your own place when you're ready." 

My heart just about jumped out of my chest. I couldn't believe my ears. Did my mentor just tell me I could start my business out of his office? Shocked I asked, "Are you sure? You won't be sorry... Thank you. Oh..., this is going to be great! How much are you going to charge me for rent?" 

Milton sat back in his chair as he laughed slightly at me. He said, "Don't worry about it. We're both in the business of helping other people. In fact, you would be doing me a favor... I've had several of my students use that space just until they were ready to move out on their own to something bigger and better... I can do it for you as well. I know you'll make me proud!" 

I shook his hand and told him "thank you" several more times, as we finished our meal. I couldn't believe how generous he was being, but I wasn't going to question him anymore. I was really looking forward to getting my name out there. So much so, that I asked him if it would be all right for me to go ahead and get things organized and ready for me to begin... starting today. So, he told me to begin whenever I wanted, "Today was just fine." 

After lunch, I rushed home and gathered up a few of my things that I knew I would need. Then I headed over to the office and began hanging my license certificates along with some personal photos that gave the room my personality. "This is great." I thought as I organized the desk and labeled the filing cabinet accordingly. Then I posted flyers throughout the office and distributed some around to the local businesses on my way home. Everything was falling into place for me and I was going to do my best and not let this opportunity go to waste. 

Over the next couple of months, my business was doing well. I successfully helped 51 people kick the habit. They had all stopped smoking with my help. It felt great to have my business up and running so well. 

That made me even more excited to be doing this on my own. More importantly, I was able to help people change their lives and it felt good. 

When I got around to telling Milton that I had helped that many people and that my success rate was 51 out of 53, he looked shocked. So I asked him, "What wrong?" 

He said to me, "Steve, I figured that you had only helped about 5 or 6 clients in this short amount of time, which would have been great. In addition to that, your success rate is off the charts! I had no idea it had been so many... I'm blown away! You have a talent unlike anything I've ever seen or read about!" 

I replied, "You're too kind." 

He said, "No Steve really... You're a slam-dunk... averaging 90 points a game! That's amazing... You're really gifted!" Then he became silent for a few moments and added, "Tell me Steve... You are so talented at this... why do you only help smokers? 

There are so many other issues you could help people overcome... It's all the same. You of all people should know that. Have you thought about expanding your area of expertise?" 

I looked at him thinking about what he had just said and told him, "Not really. I have my reasons, I guess." 

Then Milton interrupted and said, "You know what... I actually need a favor, if you will?" 

I just looked at him as he continued with, "My wife and I are going on vacation to Greece for a month... There is this woman I want you to help while I'm away." 

I asked him, "How many cigarettes does she smoke per day?" 

Milton replied, "None... She doesn't have a smoking problem." 

I replied, "I'm really sorry, but I only help those who smoke... I never told you the full story, but I do it in honor of my grandfather since he passed due to smoking for so long." I was just about to officially tell him no..., and then I realized how generous he had been by giving me the opportunity to do this without it costing me a dime right now. 

He allowed me the chance to build my business rent free... so how was I really going to say no to him... Without another thought I said, "Alright, I'll do it..." 

Milton replied, "Great... She could use someone with your talents... Linda and I are leaving early tomorrow morning and I really have to finish packing. So I'll have my assistant put her file on your desk in the morning." 

I asked him, "Can you tell me the nature of her problem?" 

Milton replied, "You see... that's just it... That's why I need your help. Ami doesn't have just one problem... She's a very special case..." 

Then he added, "It's best that you read her file for yourself tomorrow!" 

Well those statements really confused me, so I stopped asking and let him go on his way. I told myself, I would take a look at it as soon as I got it... She sounded like an intriguing person overall. 

The next day, I couldn't wait for Ami's file to reach my desk. Milton's words kept replaying over and over in my mind. I was excited to read it. I wanted to find out more about this "very special case." So when Milton's assistant placed it on my desk and informed me that she would be in at noon, I opened it up right away and began reading. 

Needless to say, it was a very interesting read. I could hardly absorb all the information that it contained. In fact, I never seen a file so thick. It was endless. As I skimmed through it, at one point I ran across a documented that stated that she was a psychological genius and part of a Secret Governmental program. Another file suggested that she was the subject of unusual psychological experimentation. I started flipping through some more, and saw an evaluation stating that Ami was, in quotes, "a nymphomaniac with an irrational inability to understand why she can't have what she wants". It wasn't clear whether they were trying to help her or just trying to figure out her out. Nevertheless, she was ordered to get the help from Dr. Milton being that he's the best there is. 

I noticed that it was getting close to the time she was to arrive, so I headed to the waiting area to straighten it up before her arrival. I kept thinking about all the different things that the file had to say about Ami and became very intrigued as I continued to rearrange the magazines lying on the table. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a young girl walk in, appearing to be about 13 or 14 years old. I guessed that she was selling Girl Scout cookies or something without even asking. That was, until she introduced herself. 

"Hi... I'm Ami. You must be Dr. Steve," she said as she held out her hand to greet me. 

I was caught off guard. The whole time I read her file, I assumed that she was in her 30's or 40's. Not 13 years old! It hadn't crossed my mind that she would be so much younger at all. I pictured an expensively dressed, sophisticated woman from a James Bond Action Movie. 

As I shook her tiny hand, I asked, "Hello Ami. Yes. I'm Dr. Steve. May I ask how old you are?" 

She replied, "Yes... I know I look about 15... But I'm actually 18." 

I inserted my thoughts and said, "I was thinking more along the lines of 13." Then we both laughed gently and I told her to follow me into my office. We were walking side by side when she looked up at me and asked, "Are you worried that I'm going to try to suck your cock?" 

Caught off guard, I shot back without hesitation, "No... not really Ami. I take my job seriously... plus, I'm happily married." 

Ami replied, "Good... because all those other therapists that have tried to help me..." She paused and then continued, "...they either were praying that I would make a move on them... or they were afraid that I would rape them or mindfuck them. I could tell that they feared that I try to fuck them without their consent... Just look at me. I'm 5 foot 3 and weigh all of 90 pounds soaking wet...So why are all of their therapists so afraid of me?" 

Talk about getting straight to the point. I did notice that she was rather small and unlikely to overpower any man, even if he didn't try to fight with her. 

Then Ami added, "And as far as my file, I don't exactly agree with the nymphomaniac label... That needs to be removed. I haven't had sex in about 12 months... I've actually turned down guys including my ex during those 12 months... That file does not represent who I am at all. I just want to make that clear. It makes me out to be some kind of super girl with special brain powers... I'll say this, it's pretty hilarious though... it reads like a cheesy, low budget sci-fi movie." 

I couldn't help myself. I laughed as I told her that I thought the same thing as I read it. 

Ami said to me as she looked at a picture of my wife on my desk, "She's pretty... What's her name?" 

I replied, "Rachel," with a soft smile at her. Then we began talking about my wife for a while. I guess about 45 minutes had passed when I realized that the session hadn't officially started. 

Ami asked a lot of questions about Rachel and our relationship. I figured it would be helpful to be upfront and honest with her to establish rapport.

I then said to her, as a way of getting on track, "Look Ami... I don't care about the file... It seems be a little on the extreme side to me... I actually don't do things like most psychotherapists usually do. I have my own approach. I don't see people as being broken or damaged. Whether you are tall, short, smart, sad, happy... we're all equal and on the same level. We just want to be happy. If we want to improve or go to the next level - whatever that is. We just need to realize that it's possible and then appropriately shift our perspective. If we can shift our perspective in a better way, we'll make better decisions. And if can make better decisions, more consistently, typically that's going to lead to seeing improvements. So I just need some basic information about you... Then if I feel a relaxation session is needed... we'll do that." 

Ami replied, "Good... That will be alright with me too. You're much different than the other therapists." 

I said to her, "I know you don't like the file... but tell me what do they mean by you were ordered to get help?" Although I didn't get a chance to fully look at the file, I couldn't see any apparent reasoning for this order, so I figured it was best to ask her opinion about the situation to see what she would have to say about it. 

Then Ami told me, "It started with a dream that I had... And I guess... Well... maybe if I tell you, you'll know why they ordered me to get help!" 

I replied, "Alright... You can begin when you're ready." I couldn't imagine what in the world would be in a young girl's dream, that would cause people to think she needed mental help of any kind. 

Ami looked at me for a few moments as if she were working up the nerve to begin. Then a smile came over her face as she began speaking... "In my dream, I was sitting in a hotel lobby when a married couple walked in and requested a room... I watched and I studied them. I watched them as they hugged cutely and kissed each other a little... Before I knew it, I had walked up to the woman and asked her if she needed a young woman to handle her man." 

I said, "Go on..." 

Ami said, "You have to understand, Doc. This is something that I wouldn't do in real life. But the woman in my dream smiled and took me by the hand and led me back to the hotel room with her and her husband. After inserting the hotel key, she let us all in and took a seat in a chair adjacent to the bed. I guess she wanted to watch. I don't know why I asked her what I did... It was just a dream that was unusually vivid and memorable." 

I said, "Well so far, I see nothing to be alarmed about Ami...We all have unusual dreams. Some clearer than others... Please continue..." 

Ami obliged and went on with, "When I saw this pretty, older woman take a seat, I began kissing her handsome husband. He was a good bit older than I, the man in my dream... Old enough to be my dad, but I was very attracted... And Doc, I was horny. In my dream it seemed like I was kissing him for about an hour. And I continued to kiss him passionately as his wife watched with a smile. I wrapped my tongue around his and bit at his lip playfully as I watched her shift in her chair. I asked the woman, "Do you want to see me fuck your husband?" 

When she nodded yes, I became very angry... I don't know why... I was still very hot for this man. I was going to fuck him with or without her there... There was no way she was going to stop me from fucking him! My anger turned to arousal as I kissed him down his neck right there in front of her. I wanted to do more than just kiss him..." 

I shifted myself in my own chair as I told her, "Please continue, Ami... Nothing sticking out requiring help just yet...but why were you angry if she said it was ok?" with a soft-spoken smile on my face. I was even more curious now, as to what this dream entailed that made Dr. Dickerson think she was unstable. 

Ami then added, "When I turned to see his wife, I decided to blindfold her. I wanted her to hear how good I was making her husband feel without actually being able to see it. I wanted to make her cum at the sounds of her husband fucking me... The thoughts of her hearing without seeing made me wetter than ever before, Doc... After I blindfolded her with a hotel towel, I went back to her husband, who was just as intrigued as I was. I smacked him on the face as hard as I could and told him to undress me slowly... while explaining very clearly to his wife what he was seeing, feeling and doing." 

Then Ami continued, "The husband began to remove my blouse as he told his wife how pretty my black lacy bra was. Then he told her that I have beautiful perky a-cup breasts with tiny dark brown nipples that were erect... I gasped as he began to suck each of my nipples gently... then more aggressively as I gasped for more air. His tongue felt so good as he swirled it over my nipples and bit them gently and I was looking at her the whole time. Doc, he just kept feeding on my little hard nipples as I reminded him to tell her everything that was happening." 

"Her husband told her that my skin was soft... that my breasts were soft and perky... He moaned as he sucked them even more... I told him to remove my short little skirt... and he did. In my dream I had on a little sexy red plaid skirt, Doc. He slid it down around my ankles and reached for my black lacy panties as he told his wife how round my butt was. He told her that my shaven pussy looked so inviting... I told him to touch me... and he did..." 

I looked at Ami with curiosity... "You said this was just a dream? Right..." 

Ami nodded yes and continued. "Then I said to the man in my dream, 'Daddy... 

tell her... tell her what you are going to do to me now... and then do it... Make her feel what you are doing to me'... So he did... he told his wife that he was going to rub my pretty little pussy until I came... Then he said to her, Listen to me as I lick her little wet pussy... listen to her moan..." 

"The man did, he sucked my pussy good and had me squirming as I watched his wife grab her breasts and begin fondling them as I moaned for more... I told the man to kiss my stomach and then go back to tasting my pussy... He began kissing and licking a trail to my pussy very passionately. I saw the wife reach for her blindfold and I told her to stop! I yelled at her. I wanted her to hear her husband and I... I wanted to hear her cum as her husband made me cum...Doc, if she would have taken that blindfold off, I was prepared to slap her with all of my strength. I was very angry at that moment because I wanted her to just hear the beautiful sound of her horny husband feeding on my creamy little pussy.

Ami asked me, "Is that a bad thing? It was just a dream... After all, it's been a year since I had sex in real life, so I kinda thought this was normal to have a 'wet dream', Doc." 

I told Ami, "It's normal, close to 50% of women experience nocturnal orgasms. ... Was that the entire dream? Why was it so important that she keep the blindfold on?" I was eager to hear the rest... However, I still saw no cause for alarm... But it was very important for me to hear more just in case something alarming emerged. 

Ami shook her head no and continued. "Doc, there's more...After that, the older man, her husband, kissed and bit his way to my swollen pink lips as he told his wife how sexy I smelled... He told her he was sliding his arms underneath my ass as I arched my lower body up to meet his lips. He kissed my pussy very loudly as I moaned and told his wife how good it felt. I told her his breath was hot against my pussy lips... Then I moaned as he parted them with his tongue forcefully and began licking and sucking my clit feverishly." 

"I watched his wife squirming as she listened to us. I told her she could touch herself as her husband ate my pussy and that she better not remove the towel. So she slid her hands into her panties, with the blindfold blocking her vision and began caressing her pussy to the sounds of mine being sucked passionately." 

"I told her husband to finger me... So he told his wife to also slide a finger into her pussy as he slowly worked his index finger into me and began sliding it in and out of me as he told her how good my pussy tasted... It was like I was really feeling it, Doc. He told her how wet I was as I rocked back and forth on his finger faster and faster, moaning and gasping for air, as he drove it into me deeper and deeper." 
