 "Them There Eyes"

It was the hottest day of the summer. I took my two kids, ages six and eight, and went to our town's public swimming pool. It is an elaborate facility with one large pool and multiple small ones for kids who can't swim. My boys are good swimmers, so I could give them free reign while I lounged on some steps in the deep end.

"Hi there Frank."

I turned and on the other side of my step saw a woman who looked vaguely familiar. We were both under water almost to our necks, and all I could tell was that she had a pretty face and a big head of blonde curly hair.

"Remember me? I'm Jane. We met at the Saunders' cookout a few weeks ago."

"Of course," I said. "I see we had the same idea to escape the heat today."

"Yea. My seven year old was driving me crazy. Now she's having a great time. I see her at the other end playing with your boys."

I got up and moved the twenty feet along the steps to sit beside her. Now I remembered talking with her at the Saunders' party. Bill Saunders was a good friend of mine, and I knew Jane was close with his wife, Kay. At the party I had thought she was flirting with me, but after my recent separation I was not in the mood to get involved.

"How are you doing Frank?" she asked, focusing her large eyes squarely on mine. "Kay has told me what you've been through. I know it's tough. I'm still not over my divorce."

At the party I had noticed she had beautiful eyes, but now in the bright sunlight and only inches away, I saw how extraordinary they were. The irises were honey colored, tinged with green, and surrounded with crystal clear whites that were like a path leading deep into her psyche. In the centers the dark pupils seemed to be pulsating as they focused and refocused, probing my secrets.

"I know a lot about you," she said gently.

"What do you know?"

"I know you are a good person. I know you love your kids and are devoted to them. I know you are smart and competent and are successful in your job. I know you had bad luck in your choice of a wife and that you feel terrible about what's happened. I know you were a good husband and father, and that the breakup wasn't your fault."

God, it felt good to hear those things. I did feel awful. I had been blaming myself. To hear this attractive woman absolve me in such a sincere way was uplifting to say the least. Kay Saunders had obviously told Jane a lot about me, and I wondered if she had been sizing me up as a possible step father for her girls.

"Thank you," I said. "That means a lot." 

Her eyes maintained their hold on mine. A few times in my life I have met women who have what people call "bedroom eyes", and Jane's were certainly in that category. It was an indescribable something which radiated sexuality. The old song played in my head: "I fell in love with you the first time I looked into, Them There Eyes. You have a certain little cute way of flirtin' with, Them There Eyes."

I found myself thinking about her body. At the Saunders party she had been wearing loose clothing that gave only a hint of her curves. Through the water I could tell she was wearing a bikini, but not how she was filling it. All of a sudden those miraculous eyes took on a new cast, like she was reading my thoughts.

"Let's swim a little bit," she said. "You need to unwind."

She took my hand and dragged me off the step into deep water. We side-stroked beside each other across the pool until we reached the edge under the diving board. Our feet barely touched the bottom. She turned toward me so that her breast was pressing against my upper arm. I froze, not knowing what to do. She held her position, smiling and fixing me with her eyes. Slowly but surely I felt her nipple harden against my skin.

"Whoa," I blurted out.

"You feel that uh? You see what being close to you is doing to me?"

"Yea, I feel it all right."

"Do you like it?"

I was starting to get hard. "Oh yea. It makes me wonder what your breasts look like."

She was not shy. "They are 34B. Not so big, but nice and firm. My nipples are super sensitive and can grow as long as your little toe." 

It was all happening so fast. I had not been with a woman for months. "Why are you doing this?" 

"Because you are up tight and need to relax. Because I want to see what fires I can ignite in you. Because I like sex and like you. Because I like being direct and talking dirty. Because I am horny. Are those reasons enough?"

"Oh yeah--quite sufficient. But why now?"

"Because I think you're ready. When I saw you at the Saunders' party you were still in shock over your separation, but now you look better. Fate brought us together in the pool today, and I believe in following my instincts."

My hand moved up over her stomach and cupped her right tit. It was indeed very firm. Her bikini fabric was thin, and I traced the conical shape from her chest to her pointy bud, rolling it gently between my finger and thumb.

"Ahhh... that's nice," she whispered. "Take your time and feel me all over. No one can see what we're doing under water. I'm going to touch you too."

Her hand quickly found my stiff cock, so stiff in fact that it was pushing out under the leg opening on my suit.

"Well, what have we here? My, my. You must like me. How big is this thing anyway?"

'Ummm... I don't know. I've never measured it. Ahh.. that feels wonderful."

"Never measured yourself? We'll have to fix that. A girl wants to know these things. We can go back to my place later and I will use my sewing tape on it. Of course I will have to do some licking and sucking first to achieve maximum size."

In all my thirty two years no woman friend had ever talked to me like that. It was the kind of slutty talk you would hear from a bar girl in a strip club, but somehow coming from Jane it didn't seem slutty—it was refreshingly direct and exciting.

She used both hands to free my cock and balls from the loose confines of my suit. Holding them firmly she looked deep into my eyes. "I've got control of you now. I am going to draw you out and make this last. Don't try to pull away or I will have to hurt you. What do you see in my eyes?

I felt myself withering under the intensity of her stare. Between her eyes and her hands she truly did have complete control of me. I was unable to speak. She squeezed my balls and twisted my cock. "Well?" she said

My words came from someplace other than my brain. "I am lost in the depths of your eyes. I see sensual thoughts flickering there. When they light up like this your eyes are irresistible."

"So I've been told," she said smiling mischievously. "But they only light up when I'm excited—like I am now. Put your hands on my ass. I want you to feel the round firmness that I work so hard to maintain."

Still immersed in her eyes I lowered my hands from her tits and followed the contour of her narrow waist around to the back. I was reminded that at heart I am an "ass man". I get a rush every time I see or feel an ass that is small and round, like half a basketball, protruding from a slender body and asking to be fucked, or spanked.

Her eyes bored into mine. "You'd like to spank me, wouldn't you Frank?" 

I shuddered. "Those incredible eyes are reading my most secrets thoughts. Yes, an ass like this needs to be spanked once in a while."

"You could do that when I failed to obey you. Sometimes you might even have to tie me up. I am in control now, but I don't always want to be." Her hand began a slow pumping motion. I was getting close and looked around to see if anyone was watching. A woman under a beach umbrella had put down her book and was staring at us.

"As long as you have me captured with those eyes, you will be in control," I said.

She smiled. "You could always blindfold me." Her hand stopped moving. "Now slip a finger under my suit between my legs and see how hot I am for you."

I hesitated. "Maybe we'd better cool down. I think that woman under the umbrella over there is watching us."

"Of course she is. She's a friend of mine and is imagining herself in my place. Now do as I tell you before I squeeze harder."

There was no denying her, even if I had wanted to. My finger found her hot and wet, and not from pool water. Her legs parted, giving me access to roam around and search out the nub that I knew was craving to be touched.

"There.." she moaned. "That's it.... a little harder..... AHHHH....."

Both of our hands were moving now, bringing each other to the brink. A new look came into her eyes, one of erupting lust. "SOOO GOOOD.... I need this Frank.... And SOOO DOOO YOUUU.... ARGGGHHH...."

Together we sank beneath the surface, our cries of pleasure muffled by the water but undoubtedly propagated the length of the pool as sonar waves. The woman who was watching us knew what was happening, but I don't think anyone else did. I had never cum so hard in my life.

When I came up Jane was waiting for me with eyes that were still hot. "That was just a sample of what's coming," she said. "Life is good if you go with the flow. Let's get our kids and go get ice cream."