 My girlfriend is proud of my bedroom skills. OK. Let's be blunt: my sex skills. Frankly, I'm nothing special, but she IS special: beautiful, gorgeous eyes, an oh-so-huggable body, lips to lose yourself in, boobs and nipples that deserve a whole day's attention each time I see them, hips to die for, a butt that I can't keep my hands off of, and, the best part: a really dirty mind. Nothing is hotter than a woman who has a dirty mind.

Neither of us is a teenager anymore. That is actually long behind us. But that doesn't stop us from *acting* like teenagers when we get together. Holding hands in public and playing "grab ass" while we walk. Gazing into each others' eyes. Sometimes stopping to just *look* at each other and happily sigh. And fumbling around in the backseats of our cars. 

Groping and making out. Closing my eyes and inhaling her scent. Feeling naughty while I slowly slide her blouse up to her neck. Kissing her fiercely and finding the catch on her bra - and letting her boobs feel the air - and my lips. 

Fervently panting while opening her pants and being so pleased when *she* works them down over her hips. Oh, my god, her hips! 

Sliding my fingers down into the wetness in her panties. Pulling her to me - her back to my front - laying sideways across the car - and holding her tightly as my fingers settle into a rhythm and slowly "direct the orchestra" into crescendo, then pianissimo, back to forte, back to mezzo, and, 

eventually, 

cymbal crashes and the drum beats of our hearts as we finale, her voice singing the song of passion as she jerks and spasms in my arms. 

Her being filling my heart.

As the silence and the sticky humidity of the backseat air fills our minds and lungs and we just slowly.

slowly.

return to the world around us - hoping that we don't open our eyes to a cop's flashlight shining thru the window.

Soooo dreamy and sweet.

And then she huskily says - very quietly but clearly - "I need you to FUCK me now"!

. . .

So she turns me on so much that I get better in bed - and she thinks that I'm unusually gifted in the "making women feel good" department.

Of course, I just love to be able to "tell the stories" of my sexual triumphs, but it is even hotter when SHE tells her friends. I mean, what could be better than a girlfriend who brags to *her* girlfriends - about how good I am in bed? Or in the backseat of a car (smile)?

Particularly to her married girlfriends who haven't had a proper "attending to" for years. Decades. Sometimes their entire lives.

So Laura (my girlfriend) was waxing rhapsodic about one of our overnights together and her girlfriends were responding enthusiastically - and jealously - about how they wished that they had a man who would really pay attention to them. At least once in awhile. 

Dinner out. Really LISTEN to what they had to say. Messy dessert shared with 2 spoons - "accidentally" smearing the raspberry sauce on her lips - and maybe a tiny bit onto her nose so that "somebody" just *had* to lick it off.

Right there in the restaurant not caring that "but anybody could SEE us!!"!

Walking out of the restaurant and back to the car with my arm around her - proud that, "Yes, I'm with HER"!

The way a lady should be treated - at least once in awhile.

So we kept groping and panting and the stories kept being told to the girlfriends and the reports kept coming back to me about the girlfriends' responses. And it became common for them to say "I wish somebody would do that to ME" or "I wish he'd give lessons to my husband"! and it became a running joke for Laura to suggest that maybe she should start loaning me out to do just that.

Until it became more than a joke.

Until one day when Laura was alone with just one of her girlfriends - instead of the group. And was telling Debbie about our latest tryst on the beach together and Debbie again said: "God, I wish somebody would do that for ME". Again, like she often did.

Laura laughed and smiled, but Debbie then got a serious expression on her face and looked into Laura's eyes and repeated, "No. Really. I wish - somebody - would do that to me. Oh, god, just ONCE - to feel that again. I really NEED to feel that again".

Debbie narrowed her eyes in the "I'm not kidding. I mean, I am, but I'm not" expression and carefully pressed on. "You... wouldn't... consider...???"?

Silence around them.

Laura thinking about her feelings. 

Testing Debbie's eyes to silently ask "Do you actually want to consider this? Do *I* actually want to consider this"?

The silence enveloping them as the possibility coalesced into reality.

The two friends rapidly thinking through the implications and the specifics.

And coming to a silent agreement. Eyes talking to eyes. Smiles barely curving the edges of their lips. Naughty shaking hands with naughty - without a word being spoken.

Until Laura wet her lips with her tongue and whispered, "I'll ask him. No, really, I will".

*****

Which is how I find myself checking into a hotel room with two beautiful women - after a charming evening of dinner and a short walk-around-the-park. 

I am aware of the momentary awkwardness at the desk clerks' raised eyebrow as one man. Two women. Check into a room with *one* bed. And one of the women is making no effort to conceal what her hands are doing when she runs them over my butt - as I sign in.

Then the three of us are spilling thru the hotel-room door and shyly glancing at one another.

Pouring the wine. Watching the ladies close their eyes and savor the alcohol.

Debbie holding her hair up with her free hand so I can reach the zip behind her neck - and slide it down. Down. Down.

Me stepping back to give her time and space to decide. "Are we proceeding? This is up to you".

Debbie just smiling at both me and Laura as she simultaneously turns toward us and imperceptibly shrugs her shoulders to free her gown and watch my eyes as it slides gradually down her body. 

Revealing her shoulders.

Lacy bra.

Soft, smooth, "imperfect" and yet perfect - belly. Curving into

Lacy panty-clad hips

Thighs, Oh, my thighs.

Calves.

And pooling around her feet.

Until she elegantly steps out of her dress and slowly spreads her arms wide and flicks her eyes toward her lingerie - inviting me to proceed. Laura just quietly watching and continuing to confirm her encouragement.

I find that my hands are squeezing her bra catch - arms around her chest. Looking into her eyes as the catch releases and I bring my hands to the tops of her shoulders, kissing her full on the mouth - tasting the Pinot - sliding the lingerie off her shoulders and stepping back just enough to let her bra fall to the floor while my mouth stays pressed to hers, my hands finding and cupping her breasts. Slowly exploring them.

The wonderful curves, the mesmerizing bounce. The hard nipples jumping to attention from the attention being given to them.

I slide slowly down. Down. My tongue making a trail down her neck.

Between her breasts.

Down her belly.

As my hands catch the sides of her panties and continue down, dragging her lacy lingerie on down - while my nose and tongue find a delightfully-trimmed furr patch and begin to gently explore. Nipping her lips with mine. Slipping my tongue between her folds. Feeling her wetness build. Teasing. Touching. Introducing my mouth to her lady-ness. Her labia. Her moist delights. And lingering on her clitoris just long enough to make her gasp and wave her hand to get Laura to relieve her of her almost-dropped wine glass.

Before carefully backing up. To the bed. And gracefully plopping onto to it as all 3 of us giggle at how naughty this all is.

I cannot help myself and I take a moment to just admire her nakedness. Her "all over". Her beautiful, real, not-at-all-a-model but still breathtakingly arousing form. The reason artists have been drawing naked women since artists began to draw.

And then I ask her to roll onto her front and find the most-comfortable position that she can.

And just relax. Let everything go. Absolve herself of any worries or responsibilities and just be there. Right now. Nothing else in the world.

Soft music, soft lighting, relaxed atmosphere, two wine glasses with Pinot Noir, and two soft ladies.

I glance at Laura to silently verify that this is still OK and she just smiles naughtily but reassuringly, then quietly takes a seat a respectful distance from the bed where Debbie is face-down. Totally naked.

"Yes", Laura seems to silently whisper to me, "Yes, I AM going to sit right here and watch you seduce my friend".

Ohhhh God... I quickly relieve myself of my shirt, slacks, and briefs and fluff the furr on my chest - drinking in Laura's eyes as she makes me feel so handsome and manly - with my old-man body.

My cock stirs between my thighs, but it is not his turn. Yet.

I pour massage oil onto my hands to start warming it, and quietly say "Just let everything go" as I crawl onto the bed and kneel beside her back, pausing a moment to just admire the beauty of a woman. Naked. Relaxed. Feeling beautiful. Being beautiful and appreciated.

My hands spread onto her skin and the massage begins.

Slowly. SLOWLY letting my fingers and hands explore her form. Her curves. Her muscles under her skin.

Sliding up her spine. Spreading over her shoulders.

Feeling her sigh and truly begin to just let everything go.

Listening to the soft music.

Looking at the muted light playing across her being as my hands make ripples and patterns in the glorious, amazing, "never considered herself beautiful anymore" body.

It is entirely non-sexual.

And it is fiercely sexual.

All three of us descend into an altered mental state. Debbie merging with my hands. The warm slipperiness of the oil. The rhythm of the movement of the massage. Laura passively observing - and simultaneously teasing by pointedly catching my eye every 10 minutes as she makes a show of removing an item of her clothing.

Silently kicking off a shoe. Then 10 minutes later, as I continue on Debbie's back, Laura's other shoe drops.

Debbie's breathing slows and I watch her back rise and fall as she just breathes. My hands rocking her pelvis and working her butt as she sighs and moans softly.

I've moved to Debbie's legs - one by one - and witness Laura's dress being pulled up over her head and dropped on the floor - letting me drink in her breasts - lovingly cradled by her bra - and her curves - above and below her panty-clad hips.

I am back all the way up to my almost-sleeping Debbie's arms - and whisper in her ear: "When you're able, please roll onto your back", and while she's groggily doing so, I glance over to see Laura smirk and slowly slide her bra off - freeing her amazing, firm, soft, wobble-just-the-right-amount, nipple-topped breasts. I cannot form rational thoughts for a moment - just admiring the artwork of her. Bare from hair to panties. Smirking at me as Debbie settles again - now fully-revealed, but fully relaxed. Her nude form displayed in the soft light.

I take another squirt of oil and begin on her front. Her shoulders.

Her breasts. Slowly rising and falling with her breath. Gently using the flat of my fingers to press her round orbs and release any tension around them. Carefully avoiding her nipples both to avoid arousing her: I want her RELAXED now - and to avoid leaving oil on - well - on something I suspect I'll be sucking later.

Moving on down her body. To her hips. Thighs. Shins. Feet again. And back up.

And somewhere in there, Laura coughs ever-so-slightly to get my attention, then regally stands, looks me straight in the eyes, and slowly slides her panties down. Down. Over her hips. Those amazing hips. Down. Over her thighs. Knees. Calves. and feet. Dropping her deflated lingerie on the floor, then turning a silent pirouette to let me get a full view of her bottom. Oh my god, her bottom! As she smirks back over her shoulder at me staring at her butt.

Before descending into the chair again, spreading her knees as wide as they can go.

and beginning to masturbate.

Looking me straight in the eyes as the corner of her mouth turns up - because she knows that she's arousing *me* even more than she's arousing her own ladyhood.

Sliding her fingers over and around her clitoris.

Down and up the wetness of the treasure between her thighs.

Trailing a fingertip allll the way up to her mouth and sucking her lubrication off her finger - then returning to her wetness.

Delighting in teasing me.

As I finish the "legitimate massage" portion of my interaction with Debbie.

and I gently slide up to lay beside her.

And return to her breasts.

This time not avoiding her nipples.

Debbie's eyes are closed so I can lock gazes with Laura. Naked. Legs spread wide. Fingers busy on her clitoris - and other hand busily worrying her nipple - while I do the same to Debbie. Cradling her breasts with my hands. Sucking. Gently biting. Tweaking. Slowly building the lust in Debbie's body. Watching her breathing slowly increase pace.

My own breathing also picking up pace - from my nakedness pressing against Debbie's - and from my eyes caressing Laura's.

The music continues. Soft.

The light bathes the 3 of us, highlighting the curves of naked skin.

And I slide down Debbie's body and urge her knees up and apart.

and explore her lips with my fingers.

and my tongue.

and my lips.

Slowly building.

Feeling the humidity and anticipation building in the air.

Hearing Debbie's breathing getting husky.

Listening to moans escape the lips of both Laura - in her chair - and Debbie - feeling her body get less relaxed - as I run my tongue from her pucker to her clitoris - and back - and reach up with my hands to find her breasts and resume the stimulation there.

Time has no meaning.

The erotic atmosphere slowly, inexorably, builds as two women shepherd their arousal up and up.

and up.

Debbie's body begins to vibrate. Her hips slightly bucking against my mouth - now engulfing the top end of her opening.

A moan starts low and begins to build as her body shakes.

And I stop.

Stop licking, stop sucking, stop tweaking.

Just. Stop.

And listen to Debbie's ragged breathing slowly return to baseline as a plaintive "nooooo" escapes her lips.

But I whisper "Just relax. Don't help me. Just let go and experience your body".

The music quietly plays.

And I start again.

Tongue. Lips. Fingers. Clitoris. Labia. Nipples. Skin. Breath.

Building up. And up. Glancing over to see Laura - eyes glazed, fingers on clitoris - tongue out.

And Stop.

Again.

And BREATHE...

And again.

Over. And over. And over. Each time building up. Then stopping to recover.

Until.

Until.

I gave a slight nod to Laura and began again.

Listening to Debbie's breathing begin to climb again. Feeling her vaginal walls begin to twitch around my fingers. Feeling the little washboard of her G-spot with the fingers of one hand while the other flicks and tweaks her nipple. And my tongue and mouth settling - finally - into a steady rhythm on her clitoris.

A low moan begins from Debbie's mouth and her hips begin to shake and buck. And I realize that Laura's moan has joined Debbie's.

Climbing up. And up.

Sweating and bucking and panting and grasping with hands waving in the air.

Moaning and vibrating stomach muscles. Sweating and crying.

Losing all sense of world and time. Just BEING. and building. 

Up.

And UP.

And this time I do not stop.

THIS time, the moans build to a scream as two women crash down over the cliff.

Screaming. Crying. Shaking. Clamping thighs tight around my ears. Struggling to breathe at all.

Crying out. Bucking up and down. Belly fluttering.

Screaming "Ohhhhhhhhh GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD"!

as the pent-up orgasms from years of neglect - build into a gigantic wave and finally. FINALLY. are allowed to crash onto the shore. Carrying her - rushing - into the intense maelstrom of exploding pleasure.

Thighs and breasts and lips and nipples and fingertips and toes - exploding and crashing and flashing. On and on.

As I just keep going. The same pace. The same actions.

And she just keeps crying and mewling and shaking. Shaking her head back and forth.

Just keeps coming. And coming. And coming.

I can't see Laura - with Debbie's thighs wrapped around my ears, but I can hear her still screaming as well.

My mind enters a whole other world of bright sunshine and huge smiles and such a sense of joy at the ongoing orgy of orgasms - and I continue.

Music. Thighs. Screaming. Shaking. The glorious taste of pussy in my mouth. The unmatchable slickness of pussy on my fingers and face. The satisfaction of helping this woman reach her potential. The awe at the capabilities of a woman's body.

And. Finally. Debbie nearly doubles up and grabs my head and cries, "Enough! Done! Stop, please"!

and my body goes limp. Keeping pressure on her clitoris, but not moving at all. Feeling her body go limp under mine.

Feeling all 3 of us just lying. Wet. Wrung out. Naked skin just touching naked skin.

Reveling in the beautiful one-ness of post-orgasmic joy.

We breathe.

And begin to breathe slower.

And just don't move.

Until finally Laura shakily rises and takes the 2 steps to the bed and urges me - naked - up to lay between her and Debbie. The 3 of us just surrendering to a "cuddle puddle" of three happy, naked people.

*****

It is later. I awaken to find a mouth on my quickly-inflating penis - and I blink and determine that there are 2 mouths sharing that activity.

I hear Laura's voice say, "I don't know about you, Debbie, but I need to be *fucked*".

And I smile.