 I was in Louise's office for my bi-weekly therapy session. I'd been seeing her for a year, was $10,000 poorer, and not sure my self-inflicted problems were getting any better. Therapy guilt was growing. You know, the guilt that says you are an affluent, well educated woman who should be doing something more important with your time and money than talking to a therapist about problems that are monumentally insignificant in the grand scheme of things.

I was about to launch into my little prepared speech about ending our relationship when she said, "My brother Mark is coming to town and I wonder if you would consider going out with him? No one night stand or anything like that. He's a little younger than I am, and has never been to Portland before. You could have a nice dinner and show him what passes for clubs around here?"

I put a smile on my gloomy mood and responded, "Sure, why not? I've been under water at work and need a break."

"Thank you. I'll have him call when he gets here."

I decided the wrapup with Louise could wait a bit longer and left quietly.

In the interests of seeing the town, I had him drive us to the restaurant near the airport on the bank of the Columbia. Lots of window seats with views of the busy traffic on the river. We discovered a mutual liking for icy cold martinis, and toasted each other with smiling eyes that knew nothing at all about the person they were looking at. We were dressy but not dressed up. He had an open collar Viyella shirt that looked very nice. His six foot height gave him an advantage over my five six. But I had my pale green cashmere on, with the lacy black bra that showed nice cleavage through the several undone buttons of the sweater. I told myself it was a date and I was supposed to be light hearted and feminine.

It turned out, in a complicated way, that he was an engineer. He had started out in the family structural engineering business after a degree from the University of Illinois, but was interested in the software side of structural analysis and was now CEO of a company that had a lock on structural analysis software for bridges. I had to work on him over fresh salmon that melted in our mouths to get that much information. I asked myself how someone this important could be polite and reserved with one of his sister's clients.

"Louise said I was not permitted to grill you about yourself. You are seeing her professionally and she is worried about inappropriate digging." He said that with a smile and I laughed.

"Your sister is a wonderful person and worries too much about me and her other clients. Go ahead, give me the third degree. Ask me why there is no boyfriend. Ask me why I don't have a life outside of my job."

"You are very pretty, and a good listener. Rather than grilling, why don't you take me to a place where we can dance?"

He was staying at a downtown hotel that had live music in its top floor lounge on Friday and weekend nights. Something I knew, but he didn't. Devious and dangerous thoughts were going through my brain, but I ignored them and took us to the hotel anyway. The valet drove his rental car away and he had my arm as we headed to the elevator. We leaned gently into each other and I wondered if a kiss was on his mind.

No lips touched and I figured he was in 'handle with care' mode because of Louise.

The lounge was busy but we found a table along the window wall on the side away from the river. He took my hand and asked what I would like to drink. 

"I'm not a boozer, but they'll throw us out if we don't order. What about a White Russian? Isn't that something a silly date would order?"

He laughed and ran his hand through my hair. "You are funny and easy to be around, Sheila."

The drinks arrived and we sipped and took in the view. The music was very mellow and he asked, "Do silly dates dance?"

I led him out on the floor and we melted together. He knew how to be close without going over the line. After the first song ended, I said, "You are treating the silly date better than she deserves. One more song?"

It was two more, and when we got back to our seats, my hip was firmly against his. I was thinking I would really rather be in his lap when he said, "I'm free most of tomorrow. Does this nice date carry over to Saturday?"

I leaned close and kissed his cheek. "Louise ordered me to show you around. Terrible things will happen if I don't follow my analyst's instructions."

He hesitated, and then said, "I don't need more dancing, but I would sure like to continue the date in a quieter location. Is it completely out of line for me to invite you to my room? It's a junior suite and has a parlor."

I let his arms tighten around me, and this time the kiss was on his lips. "Louise has worked me out of worrying whether my mom would approve of every little thing I do, so I must be free to say I would like to see your parlor!"

The suite was on the river side, with a nice view of the lighted bridges and the Willamette. The refrigerator yielded a beer for him and mineral water for me. We stood at the window and he wrapped an arm around me. I leaned back and felt very comfortable. The devious thought about sleeping over was back in my mind.

The sofa would still give a view and I moved him to it. "Don't get any ideas, but take those nice slacks off, and undo my skirt for me. I am going to lie on you and we can talk."

After we were arranged, I asked, "When you are not tied down by some silly woman, what do you do for relaxation?"

He couldn't answer for a while because he was too busy kissing the back of my neck and digging fingers into my shoulder muscles. My back was against his front and I carefully wiggled my butt.

He whispered, "I'd rather make out than talk." I turned into him for a long wet hot kiss. All my girl parts were tingling in a way they hadn't for a very long time.

"I wonder how much trouble I will have with my sister if I sleep with you?" 

I laughed loudly, "This is funny. We are having a very nice date, and I am ready to stay over, and we are both worrying about what sister will say!"

We kissed again and he said, "We really don't care, do we?" His more than adequate erection was poking through his shorts and the clit behind my lacy briefs was rubbing on him.

I laughed again and said, "If we are compatible, you could call her and say we are coming over. When we get there, she is attacked by both of us."

"That is a very subversive idea. Louise will murder me."

His fingers undid my expensive bra and massaged my boobs. I whispered, "No one has done that for a long time."

"This body is to die for. Why aren't you hooked up with someone?"

"Make love to me and we will talk about it later. Don't worry if I don't come."

God, he was good. Big, hard, dominating. Not afraid to give orders. Jamming himself harder and harder. I bucked up at him every time, but just like always, no orgasm. I beat on his ass and shouted, "Now! Come in me!"

Afterwards, I was carried to the shower and he did all the soaping and washing and drying. 

In his bed, he asked gently, "You never come?"

"No. That's why I am seeing Louise."

Cuddling with him was warm and nice. I was almost asleep when I jerked up, "Oh no!"

He pulled me back to his chest and asked, "What's the matter?"

"Your sister!"

I put my head down and shuddered into his body. "Your traitorous sister decided that she and I were talking too much and my problem needed a different kind of therapy."

I reached down and stroked him. His generous cock was hardening nicely. 

"Sheila, I swear she didn't mention a word about this. I'm not some kind of sex surrogate, if that is what you are thinking."

I wiggled around and took the freshly showered big head in my mouth. I hadn't sucked on a man since college and he tasted and felt fine. Maybe I should be doing more of this regardless of my orgasm problem. His fingers were running through my hair and little noises came from his mouth.

I slid back to his chest and used my tongue to duel with his. 

"You didn't tell me what you do for relaxation."

He was breathing deeply and digging fingers into the muscles of my ass. "I'm not in jail? You are not getting dressed and leaving?"

I giggled into his shoulder and wiggled on the underside of his big hard thing.

"If your sister thinks you are therapy, I guess I have to go along."

He flipped us over and crouched above me, licking my breasts and tickling my ribs. The rampant cock had no trouble finding my warm wet place and slamming home. 

"You are an imp. A curvy, wiggling delicious imp. I am taking custody of you for a long weekend. Now show me you like what is in you."

At one of our early sessions, Louise had said I needed to be checked out for a physical reason I was non-orgasmic. Or, if I preferred, she could get out her toys and we could have a play session of our own at her apartment. We did, and after a lot of fuss, she got me off. Definitely not a loving experience, but when you are checking out anatomy...

I laughed at Mark and he stopped. "Now what?"

"Unless you need to come again, I want to talk."

He pulled out and worked around behind me, wiping the slimy thing on my behind. I made a noise and he said, "That is what you get for rude interruptions." He was tickling me and I was squirming in his strong arms. 

"When I first went to see Louise, she said I had to be checked out for a physical reason I didn't come. We went to her place and she proved there wasn't."

His fingers were probing between my legs and getting wet. "My slutty, unprofessional sister used her toys on you?"

"I didn't scream and come until she attacked my clit with her teeth."

"Nothing is happening with me?"

I kissed him and said, softly, "There might be, I can't tell yet. You are being very nice to a female basket case."

"You realize this is a challenge to my male skills, to my masculinity?"

"Maybe it takes several days of therapy. Do you have a secret hideaway where captives are imprisoned?"

He turned on the light and reached for his phone, putting it on speaker and clicking on a stored number.

A sleepy voice answered, "Yes?"

"You are in big trouble, sending me to a patient with a sex related issue."

"Mark! Is there a problem?"

He held the phone to me and I said, "Yes, I'm in his bed. He is a great lover but the therapy isn't working yet. He says several days may be necessary."

The voice was relaxed. "Oh dear. I suppose he is threatening to kidnap you somewhere?"

Mark answered, "What about the cabin you bought in the woods near Astoria?"

"Yes, that's a good idea. I was thinking of going there myself since the weather is going to be good. Doesn't she have the most wonderful body?"

Knowing what he was thinking, I leaned up and whispered, "Yes."

"She told me you attacked her."

"That was a strictly professional investigation."

He was on his back and my mouth was around his cock again, my fingers fondling and stretching his scrotum. For some reason, sucking him and listening and playing with his balls was getting me going in a big way. Tingles and gushing and panting. His hand gently forced my head down until the cock was past the back of my mouth.

"We will come to your place in the morning ready to go. You have a lot to answer for."

The voice was even more languid. "I suppose...Bye."

His powerful hands took but a moment to bring my sex around to his mouth. A long, searching tongue ran up and down. My body was raging. For god's sake, I was going to come! On a guy's tongue. Oh shit, he is coming too.

Nothing but labored breathing for several minutes.

He said, "We have to pretend this didn't happen. You can't be cured yet. It would destroy Louise. She's taken a year's worth of fees from you, and I solve the problem in one evening."

"Kiss me."

Somehow, he knew that I didn't need gentle. The kiss was fiercely hard, and so was the cock that crammed back into me. I bucked at him and he pounded me and rolled us, making a mess of the bed. He slapped my ass as hard as he could. I moaned and wailed and screamed another climax. 

Oh shit, that was good. I was twenty-nine and having my first orgasms with a guy. Damn.

I sat on his chest, laughing and crying and making a terrible mess. He kept kissing my fingers and smiling.

"Sheila, you are very beautiful. I'm lucky to be the guy who helped unleash all that."

I leaned down for another kiss, dragging my incredibly stiff nipples across him.

"You are going to provide additional therapy? To insure the cure is permanent?"

"Are you going to join me in punishing my sister for not telling us the date was a therapy prescription?"

I snuggled into him, almost asleep, and mumbled, "Yes, of course."

Bright sunshine flooded the room. I had to go, but moving from the warm place next to him was out of the question. His fingers came alive and pinched me, sliding further along to enter a tender place.

"I'm sore."

"A side effect of this kind of therapy." He chuckled deep in his throat and I clenched around his fingers. 

"Let's go to my place. I'll make a proper breakfast and we can clean up."

He perched me on his chest and said, "I thought I was in charge of this kidnapping," giving me a fake frown.

I got up and grabbed his hand. "You are big and bad. I will have to figure out how to tame you."

He called for the car, and I climbed back into last night's outfit. He told me to stand still in front of the bathroom mirror, and fixed my destroyed hair. I leaned back and loved the hard muscles of his stomach. And the hard thing poking my rear. Maybe there was something going on with us. I could see one of those grins on my face, and felt like a teenager after her first time. Talk about a silly date.

I was finishing soft scrambled eggs when he walked into the kitchen, toweling his hair. The rest of him was magnificent. Tanned, even. We looked at each other and he advanced on me, ignoring the eggs. Everything came off, followed by kisses and licks. I was lost, simply lost. Gushing like the teenager I had suddenly become.

His stiff cock was between my thighs and I was about to be taken when I said, "I'm crazy for you, but don't ruin the eggs."

He sat on one of my wooden stools, eyes dark and frowning. The eggs disappeared rapidly. "You are doing something to me. What about a date instead of a kidnapping?"

This time, it was my turn to call Louise. She answered on the first ring. "You are up."

"He can be very violent. Are we safe going to a cabin with him?"

"He will be docile when I put my older sister hex on him. I'll be ready in half an hour. We can shop on the way."

Going to her house, he said, "We will put the reverse hex on her. As soon as we get there, our clothes come off. If she asks, we say we read somewhere that nudity fosters intimacy and lust."

I chewed on his finger and repeated, "Lust."

He asked, "What is the story about what happened, or didn't happen last night?"

My hand slipped into his crotch. "I compliment your magnificent cock and say it was a terrific date, and there is a possibility, just a possibility, that more sex will do the trick."

He said, "Stop that. I can't be hard this soon."

Louise's duffel was on the front porch and she was standing in the morning sun in jeans and a gingham shirt. A very young looking forty year old. Where were the men in her life, I wondered.

I insisted she sit in front so they could catch up on family gossip. We stopped at an upscale grocery and laid in a marvelous dinner and various lunch items. After an hour or so and five miles on a dirt road, we were at a small cabin on cutover forest land. It stood in a sunny clearing with rising mist in the background. A perfect therapist's retreat, I thought.

A generator was in a sound proofed hut in the back and started right up. There was a well and a storage tank, which hummed after she turned on the power. A front room, bedroom, kitchen and small bath. The bed was a queen, which would hold the three of us comfortably, I was sure. Louise wasn't there, yet. "The couch in the front room folds out. I'll take that."

Mark looked at me, put down his bag, and started getting out of his clothes. We took our time, and Louise stood there, watching. Two naked bodies pressed her toward the bed, applying kisses. 

"You are being bad. Nude encounter is so last generation."

Mark was unbuttoning the shirt. The very feminine bra under it was red and looked terrific on her pale coloring. I undid the cowboy belt and the five metal buttons on the jeans. The briefs were red too.

Louise had soft, sensuous lips and was giving in to our seduction. The time she got me off, there hadn't been any kissing. I liked kissing her, liked it a lot. 

Mark whispered, "Stop monopolizing those lips. I get some too."

"Let her up. I want to see the underwear."

Her body had no right to be so trim and hard. "You've been working out and not telling me."

Louise lunged straight in, hands holding my head while her lips and tongue went to work. "You are responsible for that, telling me how running was the only thing keeping you sane."

We had Louise sandwiched. Mark unclipped the bra and I checked the breasts, while he lowered the sexy briefs.

She complained, "I'm not the one with the problem. Why do I have to be attacked?"

I had a knuckle between her legs, prying lips apart. She moaned quietly and got another kiss in response. Mark lifted her like a feather and we passed her around in various positions, using our tongues vigorously.

"This isn't fair, you are driving me crazy."

I pulled the covers off the bed and gestured to Mark. He sat back against the headboard with her body between his legs. I found lotion in my duffel and began working on her feet, massaging skin and bones. Her big toe disappeared in my mouth and I sucked on it. I squirted lotion across her front and Mark massaged it in. As my hands worked up her legs, I gently spread them wider and wider. 

Louise began to realize the two of us were not going to stop with a little massage.

"No, you can't. No abuse of the therapist."

My tongue took swipes at her inner thighs, and flicked the hood at the top of her cleft. She flinched and complained again. I said, "You must suffer in kind for throwing two innocents together."

She laughed until Mark bit down on the nipple. "Oh, arggh. You are killing me."

My tongue was now fully buried, and drenched in her fluid. We had her in a swivet, twitching and shaking. Mark gave me a smile, lifted her body and turned her around to drop down on his shaft, sliding completely against him with a squishing sound.

She shrieked, but it was too late. I was straddled across Mark's legs, close up against her, hands on her hips. There was no escape and Mark was making rapid little thrusts into his sister's hot body while she howled to stop.

My fingers pestered her tits and my teeth fastened on the shoulder muscle. It couldn't have been more than a minute or two before she was having a marvelous shaking climax, still wailing no.

We lay her gently to one side and I was quickly put in her place. The cream I used this morning eased him inside without any pain. I clenched as hard as I could and kissed wildly. He bit into the same muscle on me that I had attacked on Louise and I couldn't stop the orgasm that shook me. I cried real tears and clung tightly.

Louise's voice was sharp, "You didn't tell me she was cured."

In his alpha male voice, Mark answered, "We are not sure she is. There have to be more tests."

She pulled me viciously down to her chest, "You teamed up with him. I thought we were decent women, but now we are just helpless victims of that horrible cock!"

Three bodies rolled around, laughing and kissing and coming to a smiling rest.

I sat on her rump, massaging back muscles and saying thank you. "How did you know the right cock would fix me?"
