 It had been nearly six months since my friend and massage therapist had gone on to "greener" pastures. My regular sessions had come to an end. I had managed to squeeze in two random massages through the big-box spas again hoping for lightning to strike twice. But my schedule and finances prevented me from getting a regular monthly massage again. 

The first one was unremarkable. There was no chemistry. The girl was actually chatty, but she really spent the entire massage talking about herself. I was all about learning about some of these women, but it would have been nice to get some attention too. Besides, the massage itself was lackluster.

The second was nearly the same. Different therapist; same shit. And frankly, neither of them was especially attractive. I don't want to be a snob, but a good-looking woman touching your naked body is a bonus.

Once again, I was beginning to think I would have to give up on my massages - or maybe try out one of those Asian spas. But I didn't want to get arrested for solicitation - which seemed a real possibility in those questionable establishments. And the massages weren't real there anyway. I still needed my physical therapy. 

I got a gift card for Christmas from my wife, so I thought I'd try one more time. I found a day spa that offered more than just massages. They also did cosmetology, hair, and the traditional things that let you know that the place is legit. As before, I requested a female. Ella was available. You can't judge by a name so I didn't know what to expect.

I was sore so I was simply looking forward to a reasonable massage - no expectations. As I walked in and spoke to the receptionist, Ella came out from the back to greet me. Ella was a thin, black girl that appeared to be in her mid-20s. She was attractive, but I have never been especially taken with exotic women. Maybe it's my Midwest upbringing, but I liked those corn-fed Caucasian girls better - that's why I married one. I had dated a couple of ethnic girls in high-school and college, but we never seemed to click culturally and that, as much as anything else, sort of jaded me on the dark skin and brown eyes.

But almost with the first words out of her mouth, my opinion started to change. There was almost no hint of an accent, and she seemed very chatty and positive. She held herself with confidence and she was dressed smartly. I was at least hopeful for a decent massage. 

I started face up. I know it's stupid, but all the stories of happy endings always start with the client face down. Damn, I guess there wasn't going to be any possibility of the "flip". But again, that was only a fleeting fantasy anyway. No expectations after all.

Ninety minutes is not a lot of time to get to know someone. But as I lay there with my eyes closed and Ella got started, her technique immediately brought my thoughts back to Travis, my previous therapist. Within seconds, she found a knotted muscle in my neck and shoulder and began vigorously working it with a special magic. 

I think the word "wow" slipped out. "I can't believe you pinpointed that so quickly. It takes a special kind of empathy to be a truly gifted massage therapist."

It's amazing what a simple compliment can do. I could sense, but not see the beaming smile from Ella. "Thank you hun. I agree. There are too many massage therapists who just go through the motions. You have to feel your client and know intuitively where their pressure points will be."

Okay, this was weird. That was almost word for word what I had gotten from my old friend. Maybe they had the same instructor or something. Hell, maybe they knew each other. 

I tested the waters. "I'll be honest, I'm on the rebound from my last massage therapist." I went on to explain how we had become friends beyond the massage table and that we were kindred spirits. "We shared a dark secret in common."

"You'll have to tell me about it sometime."

We were already almost 20 minutes into the massage. I talked to her about running and how I was in some of the best shape of my life. She agreed. "You do have great legs". That surprised me coming from a girl nearly half my age. She was probably pandering for bigger tips. I had seen that before. But that was okay. I was an easy and willing mark; happy to pay for a compliment.

Then we talked about my injury and how it had changed the way I felt about life, and love, and the world in general. She seemed to empathize with that as well; though I couldn't fathom how someone as young as her could understand the things I was talking about. But the floodgates were open and I started confessing more and more to her. 

Once again, I lamented the way my wife and I had become nothing but friends and roommates over time. I longed for her to be a sexual person for me again and I admitted that I was looking for a new massage therapist that was understanding of my need for intimacy beyond sex.

"I have a dark secret too", she said referring to our earlier conversation. 

"Dare I ask?"

She leaned in and whispered in my ear. "I'm a sex addict." I wonder if I looked shocked to her, but I was speechless for a moment. "I don't know what it is, but I'm comfortable with you - like I can tell you anything - like we were destined to meet."

I was starting to feel the same way.

I probably stammered. "Addicted to sex. That is the dark secret I was talking about. That was the bond between my former therapist and me. But I liked her as a friend - loved her really so we never crossed the line. I didn't want to lose her - and then I lost her anyway." I was actually a little emotional admitting my feelings for my old friend.

"That's sweet. She trusted you. I can understand that. I'm so glad you came in today."

"You remind me of her", I admitted. "Not in looks, but in personality and massage technique." I sensed another one of those beaming smiles.

"I'm glad."

More than an hour had gone by. I knew I was probably projecting feelings for my friend on her - after all, that's what happens in a rebound. The massage was fantastic, and I was thinking that I shouldn't push things. I may have found my replacement; someone I could confide in. Someone who knew my secret and wouldn't judge me based on that weakness.

As our time was coming to an end, we continued to chat. Some was sexual, some was just getting to know one another. With just a few more minutes left, I echoed her thoughts. "I do think this was meant to be. I'll definitely be back. I can't believe I found someone like my old therapist so quickly - if at all."

The massage paused. I had a sense of déjà vu. I had experienced this before. Something was churning in that pretty little head. She stood from her position at the head of the table and circled around to my left. Her hands stayed on me as massage therapists are taught to do. Her nails raked down from my shoulder to my stomach. 

There was a slight sigh and the sheet was pushed aside without a single word. I felt her warm hands grasp my limp penis. Her other hand cupped my balls and started to caress them gently. Blood flowed almost painfully and within seconds, I was limp no more. 

I was in a daze. No expectations. And I certainly hadn't asked for or expected a happy ending tug from this beautiful girl. I still wasn't fully erect. Between my wife's lack of desire and trying to avoid embarrassment during the massages, I had trained myself to avoid stimulation. 

The massage oil trickled down my dick to my balls and beyond. She stroked me a few more times and I thought she would simply continue this. After all, that's what I had gotten from the Asian massage parlor years before. It was mechanical. It had been just to get my chakra back in balance or something.

But Ella wasn't mechanical. I felt her warm mouth engulf me. The sensation sent shockwaves to my brain. If it had been years since I had sex with my wife, it had been over a decade since I had been given a blow job. 

Ella continued wordlessly. Her tongue circled the head before she plunged again; engulfing me down to the base of my shaft. I reached over and put a hand on her back and slowly moved to feel bare skin beneath her shirt. She stood up straight and reached around to unsnap her bra. With one motion, the bra and shirt came off exposing her perky and pierced nipples. I chuckled. "Oh my god. You have the same dragonfly tattoo." This truly was meant to be. It looked different against Ella's ebony skin and dark brown nipples, but it was nearly identical.

Ella just smiled. This time I could see the happiness in her eyes. She was actually enjoying this. She bent down again and continued sucking on my cock while massaging my balls. Maybe she thought it was a challenge to get me off; but I wasn't about to complain.

With her top off, I was able to reach up and gently rub her nipples that became hard in the open air. It didn't take long until I could feel weeks of pressure building up deep inside. I had to warn her. Without relief, I could sometimes erupt explosively with stream after stream of thick cum. "I'm going to cum", I managed to squeak out. 

Ella stopped sucking but continued stroking. I felt the beautiful agony of my orgasm as Ella held me in her warm embrace. I could only see the flawless brown skin of Ella's back, but from the angle I was certain that some of my seamen had found its way to those beautiful tits. 

My ears were ringing. Ella grabbed a towel and cleaned me up and then quickly reached down to retrieve her bra and shirt. "Flip over. We still have a few minutes." 

I did as commanded; only then realizing that I had been face up for nearly the entire session. Once I turned over, Ella crawled up on the table with me and continued the massage almost as if nothing had happened - except that now she was on top of me; almost spooning me from behind. 

She managed to finish the massage in just a few minutes and then excused herself as any other massage therapist had ever done. I got dressed and wandered out of the room to find her. I found her out in front by the reception desk where the owner was now sitting. I began to gush about what a great massage she had given me and that I would definitely be returning. The owner seemed pleased and none the wiser about the extra special attention I had gotten. I wondered if he knew - or if this really was something unusual for her.

I may never know - but that hesitation before she devoured me made me wonder if she was wrestling with the decision. Was it real? Even if it wasn't, it was amazing. 

I handed Ella a standard tip and Ella gave me her card and told me to schedule another massage soon.

I scheduled my next session the next day.