 It was hard to believe it had been over 40 years since that day. "Day One" I had named it. That day saved our marriage. 

I had been married to Roger for two years and things had grown rocky the last many months. A lot of our problems were about sex. The fact was neither of us had much experience and we just didn't know how to express our desires or please each other sexually. 

I decided maybe a boudoir picture session might perk Roger up. I had seen a little ad in the newspaper: sexy photography and erotic adventures. I made the call. 

Come into the office a pleasant sounding man had said and you can look over the options. Dave was older, thin, easy going and non-threatening. What do you have in mind, he asked? I want to spark up my marriage, I replied with more gusto than I felt. We can do a photo shoot with a variety of sexy poses, he said. Dave brought out a portfolio with a variety of pictures. After spending a few uninspired minutes looking at the photos of chubby partially clad women, I added, you mentioned something about erotic adventures in your ad? What about those? Those have a much higher sexual content, Dave said, would your husband be willing to participate? Yes he will, I replied, with way more conviction than I actually felt. Tell me more. They usually last for several hours which I direct and participate in and there is sexual contact. Keep going, I answered. 

Dave brought out a paper, actually a check list of sexual activities. Look at this and fill it out, this will to eliminate things you and your husband would not be willing to do. I recommend you only check the absolute no-nos as the purpose of this is to expand your boundaries. I was proud of myself as I looked at the list, trying hard not to show the shock I was feeling. Oral, anal, bondage and some things I wasn't even sure what they were It was the last line that caught me: THERE ARE NO RULES. Boom, there it was. I just pointed at it and asked? I decide and I direct, Dave said, I will lead the three of us through an afternoon of erotic adventure. I wrote him a check. 

We are dead together, I told Roger that evening. This can't hurt. Roger sadly agreed. 

It was Saturday at three when we drove to the address Dave had emailed me. We both were glad to see it was a small house, hidden away all by itself in the woods. The main room was set up with a large bed, an armchair, a desk and a small table. The smell was clean and woodsy and soft music played in the background. 

We found a note along with two glasses and an open bottle of wine on the table. Strip naked, the note said, then strap Roger into the armchair. We both took a drink. I saw Roger start to panic. "I have seen those bondage magazines you have in the closet Roger". "Now take off your clothes". 

Two straps held his arms and a third went around his waist, locking him into the chair. I stood in front of him and did a little strip tease, enjoying his powerlessness. 

Dave came in a few minutes later wearing a sheer gown and clearly nothing else. He held his finger to his lips when I started to speak. He did a little dance, slowly twirling and moving to the music. He picked up a ball gag from the desk and put it on me. His eyes pointed to the bed and soon I was trussed on my hands and knees, with my wrists attached to my ankles and my ass in the air. He took several pictures. 

I watched as he pulled his gown off. He was like a stripper, teasing me; slowly sliding the gown off, glimpses was all I got of his cock. I looked over at Roger. His eyes were big and his cock looked like it might explode, but he didn't say a word. 

Then Dave was close, his cock was close, I could see the ridges on his balls. He just knelt there next to me on the bed. I realized he was displaying his cock for me, slowly stroking it, moving the skin and his balls around. I had never looked closely at Roger's or any cock, but this was for me and I looked. It might have been ten minutes before he got up, not having touched me the entire time. 

He showed me a feather. He started on my ear and cheek, barely touching me. It seemed like it took forever before he reached his destination, my nipples hardened to its caress, my thighs quivered as he slowly, painfully slowly ran the feather up the inside. Then he was there, but then he kept going. He touched me with the feather, that place I never let anyone go. But not really because he was just close, tickling the edge and circling. It felt nasty, but nice at the same time. Just when I wanted him to explore more; he moved back to my cunt, teasing my lips, running the feather along my freshly shaved pussy. I wondered if he thought I had shaved for him. I had. I felt myself opening, spreading wider, wanting more. More please I wanted to ask, but couldn't. 

He lay on his back and slid his head between my legs and replaced the feather with his tongue. I tried to move to get more. He teased me for several minutes before he stopped moving, letting me guide myself so his tongue was in just the right spot. God I was on fire as I moved my pussy across his tongue. I waited for him to get up; like Roger always did on the rare occasions he licked me. But he didn't. Realizing his tongue was mine was the most erotic thing that had ever happened to me, a least up until that moment. I rubbed my clit on his tongue, rocking back and forth across it, getting hotter and hotter. Suddenly I exploded, Oh my god, I thought, this is an orgasm!! This is good, God, so good, so sooo goooood!! 

I might have broken his neck if I hadn't still been strapped up. Thank you I wanted to say, but the gag prevented it. Wait, he's still there, still licking slowly. He wants me to do it again. I think my pussy wants me to do it again too. And I did. 

He got up and rolled me on my back. He brushed my nipple with his cock. They both got harder. He moved his cock back and forth across my breasts, across my erect nipples. Then he rubbed it on my neck, my cheeks, my lips stretched around the ball gag. At that moment, if he had wanted to put his cock in my ear I would have said, push harder. Then he moved down between legs. 

I expected to be impaled. But he stopped. My legs were spread wide and he just looked. He violated me with his eyes. All I could do was spread wider and plead with my eyes. I was his any way he wanted me.

Finally he touched me, softly, slowly exploring. I felt my cunt open, my new improved cunt that had just cum for the first two times of my life, begged for more. He touched me and we both watched as his fingers slowly penetrated me. I wondered if I would cum again. Deeper, please deeper. 

But then I was back on my knees, ass in the air. What was he doing with his tongue? Don't go there, not with your tongue. He is circling and I can't move, can't breathe. God, he did it. His tongue is there, licking my ass. What started as fear and disbelief is suddenly ravenous desire. He is penetrating me with his tongue and I am pushing back. Give me more. 

He turns my head and looks me in the eyes. I know what he is asking. I nod yes. 

I expected pain, there is none as his cock slowly enters my virgin hole. What started slowly was quickly getting faster. Harder, I wanted to plead, harder, faster. Suddenly I was cumming again. He was cumming too, deep in my ass. So good, so good, soooooo fucking good.

Then I was free and he was gone. 

I looked around; I looked a Roger, still strapped in the chair, drenched in sweat, his cock pointing straight up like a flagpole. 

Words weren't necessary. I knelt in front of his flagpole. I kissed that flagpole, I nibbled around that flagpole and those full balls, slowly, teasing as Dave had shown me. I could take Roger at my own speed. I would take Roger at my own speed. I had never let Roger cum in my mouth, but today I wanted it. I made him last twenty minutes, he was begging. I hadn't realized how spiritual it is to have a man cum in your mouth when you want him to. 

He looked incredulous when I stood and leaned in to kiss him. He hadn't expected that and I am pretty sure he didn't want it, but he took it and swallowed it. 

Roger and I fucked on the bed for another two hours. 

For a long time we fucked every day, Well we called it fucking, but it wasn't always fucking, but it was sex, hot sex on the laundry pile, in the closet, in the neighbors' kiddy pool.

The picture of me tied up on my knees with my ass in the air arrived a week later.

We never saw Dave again. 

We never really talked about that day, but I have the picture in my drawer and I bring it out once or twice a year, just to remind us why we are still married and loving every minute of it:

THERE ARE NO RULES!