 Will cursed to himself as the early morning sunlight streamed into his bedroom window. He wasn't quite ready to get up yet, and the sun was making that task pretty damn difficult. To hell with it, he thought as he slowly moved out of bed, trying not to wake up Julie, who was wrapped around one of the many pillows on his bed. 

Julie. His best friend Julie. Julie, the one he fucked all night last night. He looked at her while he walked around the room, finding pieces of his wardrobe so he could go downstairs and make nice with the coffee pot. God, she's beautiful, Will thought as he threw the rest of their clothes on the couch. He quickly pulled on a pair of boxers and a rumpled t-shirt before closing the bedroom door behind him.

He finally made his way downstairs and Nick was sitting on the couch, watching a movie. "Hey," Will grumbled as he made his way into the kitchen. He blindly got out his favorite mug and poured himself a cup. Two sugars and no cream, just the way he liked it. He trudged back into the living room and sat down on the loveseat opposite of Nick, who was just looking at him with an amused look on his face. 

"What?" Will asked, his mug poised right above his lips. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"What time did you make it to bed last night?" Nick asked, looking over at Will from the top of his own coffee mug. Nick watched Will intently, waiting for an answer.

"About four," Will replied, finally grateful he could send the warm liquid down his throat. He took another sip and then sat the cup down on the end table. "Why?"

"Is Julie still here?" Nick smirked, looking as if he already knew the answer to the question but just wanted confirmation. "I didn't hear her leave."

"She hasn't left," Will answered him. "She's asleep still." He wasn't volunteering anymore information. He picked up his mug again and took a big sip, coffee burning all the way down to his stomach. He took a smaller sip this time, cooling it off before swallowing.

"I wonder if she knows she coos like a pigeon when she comes."

Will started sputtering and having a coughing fit. "Excuse me?" he exclaimed when he was able to talk again. 

"I'm not stupid, Will. Julie spent the night here." Nick said, his voice having an accusatory tone to it. He looked at Will, expecting him to deny that something happened between him and Julie.

"No shit, Nick," Will said, defending himself. "She was drunk and didn't drive, remember?"

"Yeah, I remember. But somehow I didn't think fucking you all night was part of the package deal."

Will put his coffee mug down and matched Nick's stare. "What makes you think we fucked last night?"

"I heard the headboard banging against the wall, for starters. I know what sex sounds like, and I know what sex sounds like with you. I can't believe you fucked her. And especially in this house." Nick picked up the television remote and clicked the TV off, knowing he had just opened a can of worms. 

Will drained the last of his coffee and stood up, grabbing the mug on his way up. "Will you stop saying that like I did something wrong? We've wanted to do that for a long time and we just gave into the urge last night. And I liked it. I liked it a lot. And if she wants to, we're going to do it again." Will walked into the kitchen and slammed his mug down into the sink. He was getting mad as hell. How dare Nick be angry with him for having sex with Julie? That's none of his business; not now, not ever. 

"So are you two a couple now?" Nick asked, breaking into Will's thoughts. "Are you going to be fucking her every night?"

Will turned around to face Nick, who was standing right behind him. "And what if I am? I'm not with you, and I'll never be with you. You need to just understand that. We had one night, Nick," Will exclaimed, holding his index finger up for emphasis. "One night, and I've regretted it ever since. I don't know what's going on with Julie, but it feels good, and I don't see why I should ignore my feelings, just because it makes you mad!" Will turned on his heel and stormed through the living room, back upstairs, and into his bedroom. He forgot Julie was sleeping and slammed the door and flung himself onto the bed.

"What the hell, Will?" Julie exclaimed, unhappy she was so rudely awakened. She was very hung over, and didn't appreciate the wake-up call from hell. She sat up and wiped her hair out of her face like she did so many times after she'd slept it off in Will's bed. But this morning was different; she was naked from head to toe. She wrapped herself in the one of the blankets and lay back down. 

"I'm sorry, Jules," Will said, rolling over so he could face her. "I didn't mean to wake you up."

"Let me guess," Julie said, sitting up again and leaning against the headboard. "Nick figured out what happened between us last night, and had a fucking fit about it because he's still got feelings for you." Julie tilted her head, waiting for Will's reply.

"Damn, girl. You're on this morning," Will said, crawling under the covers beside her. "You hit the nail right on the head. He's pissed off."

"What the hell does he want from you?" Julie asked. "Are you supposed to go back down there and tell him you're sorry?"

"That's exactly what he wants and I damn sure ain't doing that!" Will exclaimed. He took a long, deep breath and closed his eyes, not wanting to see her reaction yet. "I'm not sorry about what happened between us last night. It was a long time fucking coming if you ask me." Will looked at Julie and he realized he was holding his breath waiting for her response. "Are you sorry? Do we talk about this or pretend it never happened?" 

"I'm not sorry and I want to discuss this," Julie said, leaning her head against the wall. "I'm really at a loss for words right now," she admitted, not really looking him in the eye. 

"Well, I'll start. I'm really glad we had sex, Julie. I've wanted you for a long time. I could think of a million reasons why we shouldn't have done it, and I can think of a million reasons why I'm glad we did," Will admitted. He bent forward and pulled Julie's face towards his, placing a well-timed kiss on her lips. Julie felt herself physically relax when Will kissed her, and she leaned into him, wrapping her arms around his neck. He kissed her slowly and tentatively, retesting the boundaries they crossed last night. They continued to kiss, their hands running up and down each other's bodies. Will was losing his resolve again, knowing Julie was completely naked under the blanket she was wrapped in. 

"Fuck this," he said out loud, breaking their kiss. He snatched the blanket from Julie's form and pulled her naked body tightly against his. He attacked her mouth with fierce determination, his body blanketing hers as they lay. Julie stopped breathing in the two seconds it took his mouth to claim hers, to dominate her body with his own. His hands were all over her body at once; his fingertips trailing lines of fire up her bare thighs, his hands cupping her butt cheeks as he lifted her up, urging her to wrap her long legs around his waist. Their mouths mated as Julie's hands roamed his back and muscular arms, she couldn't get enough of him, couldn't stop the quaking that she felt erupting in her body just from his touch alone.

"This isn't right," Julie said breathlessly, breaking their kiss. 

"You're not into this again?" Will asked, suddenly confused. He could feel the heat from her body radiating onto his. 

She laughed out loud. "No, not that," she said. "I'm naked and you're not."

Will let out an audible sigh of relief at Julie's last statement. "Well, that's not going to be a problem for much longer." Will got off the bed and in less than thirty seconds, he was as naked as she was, his erection casting a commanding shadow against the wall. 

Will quickly rejoined Julie on the bed, their lips finding each other once more, his hands playing with her exposed nipple. He bent his head, taking the nipple into his mouth. Julie moaned, feeling his teeth gently nibble on the hardening nub.

Julie's hands were in his hair, kneading his scalp with her long nails as he suckled against her breast. Julie was moaning, the sensations of his mouth making her hum, making her body ache with need. Please was all she was able to moan as his fingers began playing with the soft hairs between her legs.

Will nudged Julie's legs apart, tracing his fingers along her moist lips, the tips just barely penetrating her core. Julie was momentarily frozen as she suddenly felt Will's hand touch her pussy. In their fierce love-making the night before, Julie was sure Will never put his hands anywhere near her pussy. Gathering her moisture he easily and slowly slid his finger inside of her. He moved his face level with hers; looking deep into her eyes as he fingered her. Julie's face was red, her eyes hooded, and her mouth parted just barely enough to allow her labored breathing to pass.

"You like that?" Will asked, never taking his eyes off her while he slid another figure inside her. He increased his pace, moaning from her inner heat. She was clenching against his finger, writhing on his hand as he moved inside of her.

"Oh, God, yeah," Julie moaned, thrusting her pussy on his fingers. Will knew from past experience she was close, he could feel the tension in her body screaming for release. Applying pressure with his thumb, he massaged her clit, his fingers still pumping inside of her ferociously. She came with a shrill scream, her body bending back on the bed as she came around his hand.

"Shit, Will," Julie said breathlessly. "Where did you learn to do that?" Julie tried to slow her breathing down; she'd never had an orgasm that strong and that fast before. Last night's orgasm was building and slow. What Will just did to her now was blinding and fast. 

"I'm just good like that," he said with a slight grin. "Besides, after the head you gave me last night I needed to show my appreciation." They both laughed and Julie interrupted his laugh with a steamy kiss against his lips. They kissed until their lips were swollen, their bodies moving slowly against one another, the feeling too great to take in all at once. Will climbed on top of Julie, holding her down against the mattress, grinding his hips against hers, trying to place the juncture between her legs where it would do them the most good. 

"I guess last night wasn't an accident," Julie said, feeling Will's cock pulsating at her entrance. He rubbed the tip in her juices, before pushing further. Julie bit down on her lower lip, watching as he slowly pushed himself inside of her. They both moaned in unison, Julie spreading her legs further apart in an attempt to get him deeper.

"No, it wasn't," Will affirmed. He pushed all the way in, his body going numb from the sheer bliss of heaven. This is where he wanted to stay for the rest of his life. He moved slowly at first, bringing himself all the way out, then all the way in. "I don't want it to be."

As Julie got used to the feel of him stretching her, filling her, she wrapped her legs around him, urging him to go faster with her heels digging into his tight ass. He obliged happily, keeping a steady tempo. Julie was moaning, his long shaft stroking her g-spot with each thrust. She could feel each pulse of his heart through the thick vein inside of her, stretching her.

Will was no longer able to watch as his eyes closed, the sensations fluttering around him making his balls clench. He thought fucking Julie last night was amazing; there were no words for what he was feeling now. He was almost ready to come, and he feared he wouldn't be able to last long, not with the vice grip within her walls.

"Oh God, Will... please don't stop..." Julie began to chant, immense pleasure building with in her. And he didn't stop; he kept thrusting with in her, his body moving with speed and grace as they slammed their hips against each other. His jaw was clenched, his hands were gripping at her hips and he could feel the burn in his thighs.

He could feel her climax approaching; he could feel it from her muscles quivering from the inside out. When she screamed his name, he released his seed, their orgasms overlapping each other with a blinding flash of pleasure.