 Sooner or later every woman has to make the decision. 

Is it time for me to lose my virginity or not?

Admittedly, sometimes the decision is taken from them, but by and large they tend to move from a mindset of 'I'm a virgin and proud of it' to raising the question of 'why am I still a virgin'.

For Sally, that time had come. The previous night she'd decided that she was going to let Anthony seduce her. She went to sleep, thinking about it.

They had a date scheduled for the next evening. He would bring her flowers and then he would take her to dinner and a show. After the show he'd invite her back to his place for coffee and she'd agree. They'd have some coffee and then he'd make love to her. She'd be receptive and he would gently ease her into the bedroom where he'd romantically strip off her clothes, lay her on the bed and gently seduce her.

Decision made, Sally couldn't wait for the next day to arrive.

As scheduled, the sun rose next morning, as did Sally. Today was the day she was going to learn about sex and she was eager to get things moving. She entered the bathroom, locking the door behind her. Catching her image in the mirror, she had to laugh. 

She was wearing floppy flannelette pyjamas and her hair was wild. Fancy Anthony catching her like this? She slipped off the pyjama top, and decided that was much better. If Anthony caught her like this he'd go wild. 

Belatedly realising she hadn't snibbed the second door to the bathroom, Sally stepped across to do so, only to find the door open as she neared it and her brother's friend, Jerry, step in.

For a moment Jerry froze after stepping into the bathroom, fascinated by the sight of Sally walking towards him topless, her lovely breasts bouncing as she moved. Then he abruptly turned, closed and locked the bathroom door.

"Why'd you lock the door?" asked Sally, indignantly holding her pyjama top in front of her breasts. "You should have left when you saw I was here."

Smiling, Jerry moved closer to her. 

"I thought that it would be interesting to shower together," he murmured.

Reaching down, he gave a sharp tug at Sally's pyjama bottom, sending them slithering down. Sally gave a startled squawk and snatched for them, only to find that this gave Jerry a chance to take her pyjama top from her.

Suddenly she was naked in front of a young man and feeling distinctly nervous. Especially when she noticed the admiring way he was looking at her. She was not feeling excited and sexy, she firmly told herself. She'd feel that way when Anthony made his move, not now.

"Please go away," she said quietly, trying to hide behind her hands, knowing she wasn't succeeding.

"I don't think so," murmured Jerry, stripping off his own pyjamas. "We both need a shower and a shower for two will be an interesting way to start the day. Don't worry. You'll be as safe from any naughty intentions as if you were in your own bedroom."

"And just what did he mean by that?" wondered Sally, feeling herself being propelled towards the shower.

Just how Jerry managed it Sally wasn't quite sure, but she found herself under the shower with him, hot water streaming over them. Then Jerry had picked up the body gel and was rubbing it over her, laughing at her embarrassment. 

Having Jerry standing behind her and rubbing the gel on her back was one thing. Exciting, in an odd fashion, but not really sexually stimulating. Finding herself turned around and Jerry rubbing the gel on her breasts before moving lower was something else again.

This sudden touching of her where she knew damn well he shouldn't be touching her was nerve-rackingly exciting and sexually stimulating, but he was the wrong man.

"Enough," Sally gasped, pushing him away, or trying to.

Jerry just laughed at her and pulled her hard against him. Sally knew that she wasn't the only one who found their contact sexually stimulating, and she had the hard evidence pressing firmly against her.

The hard tiles of the shower were pressing against her back, and Jerry was pressed against her front. His knee was pressing between her own, forcing them to part. Sally could feel her legs weakening and then parting and Jerry was pushing his erection between her legs, letting it press against her.

"You said I'd be safe," she protested, only to hear Jerry laugh again.

"True. As safe as though you were in your own bedroom, and I assure you if I was in your bedroom with you, this is exactly how safe you would be."

Leaning forward, Jerry captured her mouth, at the same time giving a sudden thrust with his hips. Sally's squeal of shock was lost, swallowed by Jerry, while his cock pushed its way between her lips and into her.

"Damn him," thought Sally, feeling a sharp twinge as her hymen tore. "How am I supposed to explain this to Anthony?"

Then the full realisation of what was happening hit her.

"Oh my god, he's raping me. I think. He's definitely having sex with me anyway. This isn't the way it was supposed to happen."

Sally felt Jerry pushing forcefully into her, her body yielding without a protest, accepting this intrusion as the proper thing to happen. Then he was fully inside her and starting to move.

Sally rocked in place with Jerry as he drove into her, confused by the emotions sweeping through her. 

"It's because I'd decided to sleep with Anthony," she decided. "I was ready for sex and Jerry was there at the wrong time."

Sally was gasping, feeling her body moving to the beat Jerry was instilling in her, feeling him inside her, pleasuring her, while his hands mauled her breasts and his mouth ravished hers.

She was no longer thinking, just moving, thrusting her hips firmly toward Jerry when he came at her, twisting so that her breasts rubbed harder against his hands, returning his kisses with an equal fervour.

Their climax when it came was mutual and satisfying, though somewhat shocking to Sally. She leaned back against the shower wall afterwards, breathing hard and feeling Jerry's hands running over her.

She finally came back to life when she sensed Jerry stepping out of the shower, which action was followed by a blast of cold water as he turned off the hot tap. Squealing in shock, Sally almost exploded out of the shower.

Before she could say anything, Jerry was patting her down with a towel. Then he was wrapping it around her and chasing her out the door, before turning and exiting via the other door.

Sally found herself back in her room, feeling warm and satisfied and stunned. That hadn't happened had it? She hadn't just been ravished in the bathroom by Jerry? A faint trembling in her legs and a deep internal throbbing assured her that it had. 

If Anthony tried to seduce as anticipated tonight, what the hell did she tell him. He thought she was a virgin. And, she wondered, would he really try a gentle seduction or would he just try to jump me like Jerry did? Dismissing her thoughts as too unknown, Sally got dressed for work.

It was just after morning tea that the incident happened. Sally was a secretary, and a good one. Mr. Anders, her boss, appreciated her efforts and paid her accordingly. There had never been the slightest hint of impropriety in his dealing with her, which is why Sally was so taken aback when it happened.

Looking back on the incident, Sally blamed Anthony. If she hadn't made up her mind to sleep with him she wouldn't have been so much aware of herself that day, and probably wouldn't have worn that particular skirt. It was a lot shorter than the work clothes she normally wore, and perhaps not the ideal choice for office work.

The time just after morning tea was when Sally normally caught up on her filing. She was bending over some of the files when she heard Mr. Anders' office door open. She expected he would just drop a comment on where he was going, and continue on his way.  

Sally was startled, to say the least, when Mr. Anders dropped one hand onto her back and the other started fondling her though her panties. She made a sort of squeaking noise and tried to rise, but the hand on her back held her firmly in place.

"Stay still," she heard Mr. Anders ordering her, and the habit of obeying whatever direction he gave her had her freezing on the spot. When her panties sailed south and a hand greedily took possession of her mound, Sally started to rethink her policy of strict observation of the boss's wishes. Another attempt to rise was foiled by the hand pressed firmly against her back, and this time the admonishment to stay still was accompanied by a sharp spank on her now naked bottom.

Before Sally could properly gather her wits together, she felt a nice fat erection being inserted between her lips. Her gasp of surprise was lost in the groan of satisfaction from her boss, then Sally's second cock of the day came driving firmly home.

It was just that her pussy was still sensitive from the earlier assault that made her move in unison with this new assault on her pussy, Sally decided. It was just self-defence that found her swaying back and forth, lifting her bottom as her boss pressed in made it easier to take.

Sally was acutely aware of this new contender to her sexual awakening. It filled her, feeling the same as Jerry's while also being vastly different. What was the same, she found, was the excitement it was hammering out of her pussy. Apart from his hands on her hips, helping her to meet the savage thrusts that were pounding her pussy, she wasn't being touched elsewhere. Her breasts were swelling and she could feel her nipples puckering, asking for some attention, but it didn't come.

What did come was a determined assault on her pussy, with her boss showing all the firmness, enthusiasm and sheer ruthlessness that had taken him to the top. Now he seemed to have decided to take her to the top, and his cock was busy driving her there.

Gasping and swaying, pressing eagerly back to meet her fate, Sally found that again she was just not thinking any more. She was being ravished and her body had succumbed, yielding to her master.

A vague thought did trickle through.

"For god's sake, don't scream. You do NOT want half the office sticking their heads in to see what is happening."

Sally frantically jammed her hand over her mouth, muffling her shriek as she climaxed, feeling her boss giving her a good hosing as he took his own pleasure.

The next thing she knew, Sally was receiving a friendly spank on her bottom.

"Hurry up and tidy yourself up," she was told. "I'll be out for about an hour and you know I don't like the office to be unattended."

Then Mr. Anders was gone, leaving Sally to try to sort herself out.

Sally was too busy to find time to brood over what had happened, but she did have time to decide that this day had not gone the way she planned. She just hoped that Anthony was in the mood to finally give her some proper romance before leading up to sex.

Was there something in the air, Sally was wondering that afternoon. Am I suddenly wearing a little sign that says I've decided to become sexually active. She just couldn't understand it.

Neil James was one of their bigger clients. He had an appointment with Mr. Anders at three, and Mr. Anders was running late. Neil James had just walked in the door and Sally was frantically searching for excuses for her missing boss when the phone rang. Seeing it was her boss calling, Sally pressed the loudspeaker and Mr. Anders voice boomed into the room.

"Sally, I've been held up," he said. "I'll be there in fifteen, but Neil James is due any moment. I really need to speak to him so apologise for me and keep him there. I don't care how. Just do whatever you must."

Neil James laughed. "Seems like your boss has laid down the law," he said. "A cup of coffee might keep me here for a bit."

Sally rose, smiling. 

"Not a problem, Mr. James," she said. "White with one sugar, I believe?"

Neil nodded, but as Sally went to step past him he put his hands either side of her waist and lifted her up to sit on her desk.

"Forget the coffee," he said. "Your boss said whatever you must, so I think that this comes into the 'whatever' category."

The next moment Neil was pushing that damned short skirt higher, latching onto her panties and pulling them down. Unzipping, Neil freed his erection, placed his hands on Sally's knees and pushed them apart, moving to stand between them.

Staring down at Neil's erection, it dawned on Sally that she hadn't actually seen either of the cocks that had visited her today. She'd only felt them. Meanwhile, she was sure Neil's was a fine specimen, but she didn't want it.

"No, please, Mr. James," she said quickly. "I'm sure that your cock is a fine specimen and all that but I just don't want it. Please zip up and let me down."

Sally heard Neil give a smiling "No" and then she was watching him pressing his cock against her. She gasped as she saw and felt it pushing its way into her. Actually seeing it move into her was exciting she found, but also scary, as it seemed so large pushing against her like that.

Large or not, Sally found Neal disappearing inside her very quickly and smoothly. Heat had flared within her as soon as her panties were pulled down, and it had only increased when Neal had produced his erection. Now the heat was burning fiercely as Neal invaded her, his cock the equivalent of a log thrown on the fire.

Once Neal was pressed firmly against her, Sally waited for him to start the action, but it appeared Neal had other ideas. He stayed still, holding himself in her, while his fingers nimbly undid the buttons of her blouse. With the blouse open, her bra was pushed up over her breasts, the feel of the bra scraping across her nipples exciting Sally even more.

Then Neal was pushing her down flat on the desk and was lying on top of her. His hands clasped her breasts, then he lifted his hips, pulling slowly out before slamming back home with stunning force.

At least, this bit she now knew, thought Sally, pressing her hips up to meet Neil's plunging drives.

"Fifteen minutes, Anders said," murmured Neal, and slowed down his immediate pounding pace.

Sally found Neil was moving smoothly and slowly within her, taking his time and letting the tensions build. She was rocking in accord with his wished, reluctantly, but every time she tried to pick up the pace, Neil stopped until she calmed down.

After five minutes of gentle torture, Sally was tossing her head restlessly from side to side, groaning softly and asking Neal to go harder.

After ten minutes, Sally was getting desperate. She was going to scream, she just knew it, and that son-of-a-bitch was just continuing to torment her.

"Are you going to keep this up until my boss gets back?" Sally demanded to know, horrified to think he might.

"Tempting, but I think not," came the laughing reply, then a hand clamped over her mouth and Neal suddenly started slamming into her with greatly increased force. 

Sally's world exploded around her, and she found herself grateful for the muffling hand Neil held across her mouth. Her involuntary scream came over as a faint whimper, while Neil drove home with his climax.

"You've only got a couple of minutes to make yourself presentable before your boss gets back," Neil told Sally. "I'd hurry if I were you."

Sally slipped away to the ladies, fuming. It wasn't fair. All he had to do was zip up. She'd have to wipe herself down and practically redress. 

The rest of the day passed smoothly, and Sally was relieved to be packing up to go home. Her date was drawing nearer and she was not going to let anything spoil it.

A smooth train ride home, and she even had a seat. Out of the train and cutting through the park and nearly home. That's when he popped out of the bushes. It was common knowledge that there was someone molesting young women in the park and Sally had been rather careful about using it. Her coming date had just driven it from her mind.

The man stood in front of her, fully exposed and cupping himself to offer a decent view.

"Do you know what I'm going to do with this?" he asked, sniggering.

Sally had had it with men and their stupid cocks. What did they think she was, anyway. She cast a disdainful look at the man's equipment.

"Water it and plant it in manure to see if grows into a real one?" she asked, smiling sweetly. 

Stepping forward she rudely pushed her way past the man, leaving him staring after her.

Home at last, Sally headed for her room. She knew exactly what she was going to wear tonight, starting with a very sexy set of lingerie that she had saved for this occasion. She laid her things out on her bed and then headed for the shower. Making sure both doors were snibbed before she started, she had her shower and washed and dried her hair. Then, wrapping a towel around herself, she returned to her bedroom.

Walking into her room, Sally automatically flicked the door closed behind her, then stopped still in surprise.

"What are you doing here," she demanded, outraged to see Jerry reclining on her bed.

"Waiting for you," was the answer. "I wanted to show you I was a man of my word."

Sally blinked. What the hell?

Jerry laughed at her look of puzzlement.

"I said you'd be as safe as if you were in your own bedroom, this morning, and you expressed an opinion that I wasn't being honest. So I've come along to show you how safe you are in here with me."

Sally glared at him. 

"Out, now," she ordered. "I have to get ready for my date."

"Plenty of time," said Jerry. "Take off the towel."

"Certainly not. You don't really think I'm going to let you molest me again do you?"

"Yes," came the bland reply. "Now drop the towel. I had to take your pyjamas off this morning, so you should take your turn by getting rid of the towel."

"Oh, yes," scoffed Sally. "And then you just push me up against the wall and boff me again. I don't think so."

"You wound me," grieved Jerry. "You truly do. Give me some credit for a little imagination. Push you up against a wall, indeed. No. I thought I'd arrange you neatly on the bed, head down, bum up, and I'd show you what they mean by doggie style. You'll enjoy it."

Reaching out, Jerry plucked at the towel wrapped around her, and Sally found herself watching him, not trying to stop him. The towel came free and dropped. Sally made a half-hearted attempt to catch it but stopped at a growl from Jerry.

Jerry patted the bed and Sally found herself climbing reluctantly onto it. Of course I'm doing this reluctantly, she thought. I don't want him to do this to me. Do I? She rather suspected that the burning excitement that had started up as soon as she had spotted Jerry was providing the answer.

Once on the bed Sally found herself moving into the position Jerry wanted. As she took the position she found herself growing increasingly excited and also, for some reason, increasingly nervous. 

The excited she could understand. Not only was Jerry about to take her again, but he was very casual about where he placed his hands while adjusting her position. Cupping her pussy and slipping a finger inside while he lifted her bottom to the position he wanted had done some very odd things to her nerves.

Why she was nervous was less self-explanatory. After all, she'd had Jerry use his cock on her earlier. She now knew what to expect. Maybe it was the waiting that was causing the tension.

Sally felt Jerry settling onto the bed behind her, and her excitement and nervous tension promptly ratcheted themselves up a notch. Now he was going to take her.

She almost screamed when Jerry's hand closed familiarly over her pussy. She did squeak a little when instead of following it up with a length of cock, he started massaging her, building on her tensions. His fingers were flicking in and out of her, sliding between her lips and then retreating, dipping deeper each time as he explored her. 
