 Tuesday Evening

After I left work I wasn't quite sure how things were supposed to go now. I knocked on Carolyn's door just in case. Stephanie answered the door and threw herself into my arms.

"Uncle Don! I'm so glad to see you."

I grabbed her ass and kissed her.

"Hi Steph."

She rushed off ahead of me to her bedroom. Her shorts looked like they were painted on her ass. I sure hope she didn't look like that in public. When I reached her bedroom she was already naked and she helped me take my clothes off.

"Hurry up, Uncle Don. I need you inside me right now."

She might have been annoying if she wasn't so damn hot. She lied on her back and spread her legs.

"Give it to me Uncle Don."

I slammed into her hard.

"Yeeeeeessssssssssss."

I just let her buck at me for a bit. She was really riled up and I didn't want to come right away.

"OOohhhhh, Fuck ya, Ohhhh god, Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh."

And then she went limp. I was still hard inside her. I started licking and slobbering over her delectable breasts and nipples. Her large nipples were so much fun to play with.

It wasn't long before she was rotating her crotch relentlessly against me and cumming and cumming some more. I was still hard in her and I went up to kiss her passionately. She looked at me in awe.

"You are freaking unbelievable you know that. I don't care what you say. I know I'm 18 and you're 42. I know you already have two wonderful girlfriends and there's no room for me, but I love you. I love you so much."

"I still say what we have is not love, but I care for you very much Stephanie."

She smiled and kissed me hard.

"Don't worry, I'm not upset with you or anything. I'm just letting you know how I feel."

I kissed her tenderly for a bit and then I pulled away from her. I tapped her knee.

We switched to doggie. I slipped two fingers up her butthole and slammed my cock into her cunt.

"Ooooohhhhhhhh fuck ya."

I slammed it into her pretty good for 5 minutes or so. I was now ready for the last round, but I stopped for a minute.

"Are you up for anal again Steph?"

She looked back at me with adoration.

"You don't have to ask Uncle Don. You can have my ass whenever you want it."

This was one very special young fuck buddy, let me tell you. I spit in her ass and then entered her relatively slowly. She pushed right back against me.

"Give it to me Uncle Don, give it to me good."

I lost it then and pounded the living shit out of her for 5 minutes or so.

"Ohhhhh Aaaah. Ohhhh Fuck. Ohhhh God. Ohhhh Jesus. Ohhhhhhhhh Aaaaaaaahhhh."

I must have left a gallon of cum in her ass. My dick was just throbbing and throbbing.

"OOOOOOOOooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

We both collapsed.

"Wow," she said with puppy dog eyes.

"Yeah, wow," I replied.

When I got to Ellen's, Carolyn was also there. Both ladies rushed up to me with radiant smiles and kissed me.

"Hello, my lovelies," I said.

They both giggled.

"I hope you showed Stephanie a good time?" asked Carolyn.

"I don't think she's complaining," I said with a smirk.

"You horny old goat," said Ellen with a sexy grin.

I blushed.

"Guilty as charged my dear."

I reached for Ellen and kissed her passionately for a minute or two and then grabbed Carolyn and did the same. We had a nice dinner together.

"So, am I supposed to be with Stephanie every day at 5:30 or what? How's this going to work?"

"Carolyn and I have been discussing it. We're not really sure. Go ahead and knock on the door at 5:30 every weekday. There might be a few times when nobody answers.

We will try sleeping with all 3 of us for the next little while and see how that goes. Are you ok with that?"

"I can live with that," I said with a shit eating grin on my face.

They glanced at each other and giggled. After dinner the ladies were loading the dishwasher and cleaning up the kitchen. I was getting horny watching my two girlfriends and I must have been obvious about it, because they both started wiggling their bodies as they performed their tasks. I couldn't take it anymore, I picked a time when they were close together and I attacked them. My left hand was feeling up Carolyn's crotch and my right was fingering Ellen.

"You girls are going to be the death of me," I said.

They both laughed and their fingers met at my rock hard cock. I licked Ellen's neck and then did the same to Carolyn. They both were getting as fired up as I was. We headed straight for the bedroom and we had a free for all. I'm not really sure what happened in what order. All I know is that wherever I looked there was a beautiful body part waiting for me. I know I fucked all four of their holes and I know I licked both their cunnies furiously. At the end they both went down on me simultaneously and I came in Carolyn's mouth. I spewed a few drops of cum on both their faces and they both smiled up at me.

"Wow," said Carolyn.

"Yeah, Wow," said Ellen.

"Thank you so much for allowing me to be a part of this Ellen," said Carolyn.

"It was my pleasure," said Ellen and then she kissed Carolyn passionately.

"I am officially the luckiest man alive," I said.

They both leaned in and kissed me at the same time.

"There Oughta be a law," I said.

We all relaxed in the afterglow of amazing sex for a while. We just stared at each other and enjoyed each other's presence.

"Well this is cosy and wonderful and everything. I definitely can't complain about the company, but we need to do something about this bed. A king size would be much more comfortable don't you think?" I asked.

Ellen replied, "We've been discussing that as well. There's no way a king size will fit in here, but we are now carrying 3 apartments between us. Do you think it's too soon to look for a new place with a large master bedroom and another room for Stephanie? We can afford to get a nice apartment if we are moving from 3 to 1. What do you think Don?"

"That's a great idea. I have no real love for my old place. I would be up for that if you ladies are ready. I might suggest we get a 3 bedrooom though. One huge master bedroom and two regular bedrooms, just in case we have some issues where one of us 3 wants some space for a while. It wouldn't be bad to have a guest room either."

"Having second thoughts about having two girlfriends at once are you?" asked Carolyn.

"No, not at all, you two are wonderful and it really helps that you were really close before I came along, but you never know. I just think it would be nice to have that 3rd bedroom as a safety valve."

"I know you, you horndog, you are just making space for the next addition to your harem," said Ellen with a huge grin on her face.

"Hey, my harem would consist of you two only. Stephanie and Stella were your idea, not mine."

"Stella? Who's Stella?" asked Carolyn.

"Stella is a good friend of mine. Don and Stella spent some quality time together Sunday afternoon at my request. She was a one-time only thing not a fuck-buddy. Remember Don."

"I remember, and trust me you two hold the keys to my cock. It's reserved for family members only until you tell me different. "

"Oh, we trust you Don, don't worry. But of course I should have realized what I was letting myself in for. You didn't want to fuck Stella, but after I convinced you that you should, you went and left her wanting more. She keeps begging me for a repeat session."

I couldn't keep the smirk off my face.

"Yeah well, what's the point of having sex, if you're not gonna do it right. No need to send Stella to me though. When Steph finds a boyfriend that she wants to be faithful to, I will be just fine. You two are enough woman for me. Thanks very much. "

I reached out and stroked them both. They both kissed me.

"Good answer," said Carolyn with a smile.

We had some more nice 3 way pillow talk for a while. Eventually Carolyn reached for my cock. I was limp. She gestured to Ellen and then and mock cried laughingly.

"You know what I would like to see?" I said.

"What's that?" they asked in unison.

"I guarantee you I will be hard as a rock in no time, if you two would lick each other for a while."

They looked at one another and turned bright red. They had had oral relations with each other in the past, but it had always been in the middle of a frenzied session with other people like me and Stephanie involved. I think this was their first time going from a non-sex state right into each other's arms. They stared into each other's eyes and read each other's minds like they always do and then they kissed on the lips passionately. I stood back in awe and watched them. My cock was instantly hard, but they were lost in each other's eyes. They fondled each other lovingly and then they switched into a 69. Both were moaning within seconds. I couldn't take it any longer I found the nearest asshole available and plunged my cock in.

Carolyn let out a yell. "Ohhhhhh, fuck ya."

They were both still licking each other furiously while I pounded into Carolyn's ass. She lost it completely.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

I pulled out of Carolyn and Ellen quickly rearranged herself for easy access.

I slammed my cock up her ass.

"Ohhhhhhh my god."

Carolyn recovered herself and slid under Ellen for some more mutual licking. I slammed into Ellen's ass for as long as I could but I could only hold out for 3 or 4 minutes and then I came and came. All 3 of us had a simultaneous mind blowing orgasm.

"Wow," I said.

"Yeah, wow," they both replied and we all laughed.

The next morning when I woke up I was confused at first. I was spooned up against Ellen's ass and Carolyn was spooned up against my ass. It was very cosy and I just enjoyed the sensation until the alarm went off. Of course my cock did get rather hard.

I turned around and pushed them onto their backs gently. I slid my fingers into each of their cunts, and nuzzled their necks back and forth. Ellen woke up first so I slid my cock into her and kissed her. She smiled and I pumped into her. I tried to keep my fingers in Carolyn while I pumped into Ellen. I picked up the pace and Ellen came.

"Ohhhhhhhh fuck ya."

Then I pulled out of Ellen and slammed into Carolyn. She was fired up by then.

"Hit me stud," she said.

I slammed into Carolyn furiously for 3 minutes or so.

"AAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh."

"Now that's a wake up call," laughed Ellen.

"I think I'm gonna like this," Carolyn replied with a giggle.

"You ladies are gonna be the death of me," I said.

I knocked on Carolyn's door at 5:30 like usual. Stephanie answered and threw herself into my arms.

"Hi Uncle Don," she said with a grin.

"Hi Steph," I said as I grabbed her ass.

We kissed briefly and she led me to her bedroom. She seemed a little nervous for some reason.

I asked her, "Something wrong Steph?"

She replied, "Nope, nothing Uncle Don, let's do this."

She still didn't quite seem like herself, but I decided not to worry about it. We removed each other's clothing and settled into a 69. She was licking my cock. She was an improving cocksucker and I was willing to let her practice. I was having fun tonguing her cunt and her butt.

"Yesssss, Uncle Don, lick my slutty asshole."

She had obviously been listening to her mom. Eventually she quivered all over. My face was now covered in lady juice. I was just maneuvering around so I could fuck her and I saw something was moving out of the corner of my eye. I glanced up and could not believe what I was seeing. A naked teenage girl was headed my way with lust in her eyes. I pulled away from Stephanie and turned to the newcomer.

"Who are you?" I asked.

"Shirl!!! You were supposed to stay in the closet." yelled Stephanie.

"Sorry, I couldn't resist. You guys are so hot."

The young lady walked right up to me and grabbed for my member. She was pushing her breasts into my chest.

"Shirl is it? I'm sorry, but please don't touch me. Stephanie is on my play list, but you are definitely on the restricted list."

Shirl licked her lips and posed sexily.

"Come on Uncle Don, how can you resist this body?"

I gave her a quick once over. She was relatively short with natural blonde hair. The collar and the cuffs matched. Her hips were very sexy looking and she had a beautiful face. She was probably one of the two or three best looking girls in her high school.

"You are definitely an attractive young lady Shirl, but there is no way anything is happening between us today. Not a chance."

Shirl frowned at me and obviously thought she could sway me. She was used to fending off both men and boys. She was not used to rejection. She grabbed for my cock again.

I evaded her and quickly grabbed a few of my clothes and slipped on my underwear as I left the bedroom. I hightailed it over to Ellen's apartment even though I was only half-dressed. Thank god nobody was in the hallway. I opened the door to Ellen's apartment and quickly closed it and locked it. Carolyn was sitting on the couch in the living room. She looked up at me in surprise.

"You're home early, and you're not even dressed? What happened?"

I saw Carolyn and I had only one thing on my mind. I walked up to her and pulled her to me roughly and kissed her hard.

"Bend over honey. Here it comes."

She gave me a worried look for a second but then she saw I was truly filled with lust and I could see the fire enter her eyes. She bent over the couch and pulled her pants and panties half way down in one motion. I slammed my cock into her ass without even pausing at all. I gave it to her good for 5 or 10 minutes.

She was screaming, "Ohhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssss. Fuck me. Fuck my slutty ass.

Oh ahhhhh, ohhhh god."

I left a large load of cum in her ass and then I pulled out. I crashed onto the couch. Carolyn slid her pants all the way off so she could clean up a little.

"I'm sorry for attacking you like that honey, but I had a good reason."

"What the heck happened Don?"

"Stephanie and I were just getting started. She had sucked me off for a while and I was just about to fuck her when her friend came out of the closet. She was naked and she wasn't taking no for an answer. I grabbed half my clothes and ran off before anything happened."

"Oh my god, which friend?"

"I guess her name is Shirl."

"Oh yeah, she's really hot. You didn't even cop a feel?" asked Carolyn with a grin.

"She looks younger than Stephanie. She's probably under age. I had to get out of there before my hormones took over."

Carolyn looked startled for a second and then nodded her head. "Good point," she said.

When Ellen got home Carolyn told her the tale with heavy emphasis on the part where I fucked her ass before she even knew what was happening. She seemed to enjoy it anyways, so I guess there was no need to be feeling guilty. The story actually seemed to fire Ellen up because she came up to me and kissed me hard.

"I'm sorry, that I wasn't the one that was home when you were like that."

I grabbed her ass and she was getting flustered.

"Bend over honey. Here it comes," I said.

She looked at me with wide eyes and then she bent herself over the couch and pulled her pants and panties half way down. I slammed right up into her ass as hard as I could.

"OOOohhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh."

I pounded into Ellen's ass like there was no tomorrow for 10 minutes or so.

She came and came. Eventually I lost my load in her ass.

Carolyn was staring at us open mouthed. "That was so hot," she said.

She rushed over to lick any cumdrops out of Ellen's ass. Man my girlfriends are awesome. I even felt another twinge in my cock watching that.

When we had all settled down we discussed the incident with Stephanie and Shirl some more.

"I'm so proud of you honey. I've seen Shirl when she's putting on a show. She is one sexy young lady. And you said no." Ellen gave me a tender kiss.

"Yeah, well, she startled the shit out of me. I panicked."

"Panic was probably your best option in this case," said Carolyn with a laugh.

"Well, Stephanie needs to be punished. She should have never had Shirl over in the first place. It's disrespectful to Don," said Ellen.

"You are absolutely right. How should we punish her?" Carolyn replied.

"What's the date today, July 24th? I say Don is off limits for her until August 1st."

"Perfect, she will feel that punishment most of all. All she does is talk about the next time she's going to be with him."

"Are you ok with that Don?" asked Ellen.

"Yep, sounds right to me. She's definitely not in my good books right now."

"Oh, I almost forgot. I've been talking to our landlord. I told him we were looking to get out of our apartments and that we were looking for a 3 bedroom. The landlord actually got excited. I guess there is a 3 bedroom apartment on the top floor. They are having trouble finding a renter. He wants us to move in right away if we like the place. He says he can rent our current apartments quickly. The apartment has a fancy combination lock and he told me the combo. We can go see it right now," said Ellen.

"Cool, let's go check it out," said Carolyn.

The apartment was really nice. It was a step up in every way from what we were used to.

The kitchen was nicer. The living room was nicer. The two regular bedrooms were nothing special but they were fine.

"What's the rent?" I asked.

"It's $2000 a month. So split 3 ways it's less than $700."

"Well that sounds fair for this place so far and that's a little less than I'm paying now."

Then we got to the master bedroom. The walk-in closet was huge and the girls loved it. The en-suite bathroom was also very nice. The tub looked like it had some fancy attachments. There was also a king size bed in the bedroom.

"The landlord said we can take the bed here if we want it and move in right away. He also suggested that we sleep on it tonight to make sure it was satisfactory."

"Sleep?" I said with a grin.

Carolyn and Ellen smiled at me sexily and started wiggling their asses. I pulled Carolyn to me and kissed her passionately. I was kneading her ass though her pants. Ellen slipped her clothes off and then held her arms out. I switched over to Ellen and kissed her hard. Her naked ass felt so good in my hands. Carolyn undressed herself and then undid my pants from behind. She reached for my cock and started gobbling. We made good use of the bed let me tell you. I fucked my ladies like a madman for 20 minutes or so. Switching ladies, holes and positions every 5 minutes. Eventually I spewed my cum into Carolyn's ass and Ellen licked out the cumdrops.

"Wow," I said.

"Yeah, wow," my girlfriends replied.