 I woke up slowly. I was spooned up against Ellen and Carolyn was spooned up against me, but Ellen was quivering slightly. I realized Ashley was fingering her and kissing her. Ashley switched positions and Ellen and Ashley were now licking each other's cunts. I could feel Ashley's hands brush against me as she grabbed Ellen's ass. I turned to Carolyn and stroked her body. She woke up and heard Ellen and Ashley's moaning. She quickly grabbed for my cock and I kissed her passionately. I slid my cock into Carolyn and started pounding. All four of us came loudly within 3 or 4 minutes. 

We stood up to get dressed for coffee and breakfast. Ashley was staring at Ellen with an adoring face the whole time. Ellen noticed and blushed. She made a point of sliding up to me and kissing me passionately. Ellen successfully communicated the message that I was the main love in her life and that wasn't changing. Ashley looked a little disappointed but she smiled. She went to Carolyn and gave her a passionate kiss just to show she got the message. This was a fling. Nothing permanent was happening here for her.

We fired up the coffee maker and Carolyn cooked some bacon and eggs. Stephanie appeared at the breakfast table. She was wearing a cotton undershirt and tight short shorts. She looked smoking hot. She noticed my gaze and wiggled sexily for me. Stephanie was temporarily off limits so I kept my flirting to a minimum and went over to Ellen and kissed her. Stephanie frowned a little but then she noticed Ashley. Ashley's eyes were glued to Stephanie's tight body. Ashley was almost drooling.

Carolyn realized that Stephanie and Ashley had not yet been introduced and she did the honors.

"Stephanie, this is our friend Ashley. Ashley, this is my daughter Stephanie."

Ashley was looking fine herself. Her pyjama pants were very snug at the crotch and her nipples were jutting out prominently under her t-shirt. Stephanie and Ashley were drinking in each other's bodies and they both turned red at the same time.

"Wow, you are quite the family," said Ashley as she stared into Stephanie's eyes.

"Where'd you guys find this beauty?" asked Stephanie.

"She was our waitress at the steakhouse last night, and all 3 of us are glad she was," I said with a leer.

Ashley did her full body blush. Here pale skin turned red all the way down. Conversation moved on to other things and we had a nice breakfast. I noticed that Stephanie and Ashley were still trading sexy looks with each other. 

Carolyn turned to me and said, "I need to do some shopping today. Why don't you and Ellen clean out anything you want from your old apartment?"

"Sounds like a good idea," I replied.

As we were getting ready to leave I walked by Stephanie's bedroom and I heard moaning. The door was open slightly. I pushed it open a little more. Stephanie was on her back with her legs spread wide. Ashley was on her knees with her face near Stephanie's crotch. Her ass was on display for me in all its pale glory. Her arm was moving back and forth and I realized that Ashley was pistoning into Stephanie with a dildo. 

Then Stephanie lost it and she was screaming, "Ohhhh Uncle Don, fuck me, fuck me. Aaaaaaaaaaggggggggggghhhhhhhhh."

I closed the door gently and walked away. My dick was like a ramrod. Carolyn had already left to go shopping, so I found Ellen and pulled her to me and kissed her hard. 

"What's got into you honey?" asked Ellen.

"Stephanie and Ashley are getting to know each other much better right now."

Ellen gasped and then laughed. "That would be fun to watch wouldn't it?"

I pulled down Ellen's shorts and pushed her onto the couch and pounded home.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh."

I slammed into her pussy for all I was worth for about 3 minutes and then I came hard.

Ellen stared back at me. 

"I love you Don."

"I love you too Ellen."

There wasn't all that much that I wanted at the apartment. I had a chat with my landlord. He offered me $1500 for the furniture that I didn't want and I accepted. Ellen and I had the car packed up and ready to go. 

I was just about to get in the car, when Ellen said, "I have to go pee honey, let's head back in first."

Ellen was in the bathroom for 5 minutes or so when I heard knocking on the door. I answered and Stella was there. She gave me a passionate kiss. 

"Hi Don."

Ellen came out of the bathroom smiling.

"I thought you would never get here honey."

She rushed up and gave Stella a kiss. I realized that I had been set up but who was I to complain? I grabbed onto one of Stella's huge tits and started mashing. I leaned in to nibble at her ear and she moaned.

"Ohhhh yaaaa, come on let's get to the bedroom shall we?"

I gave Ellen a stern look for as long as I could. She giggled. I gave her a passionate kiss. 

"You girls are going to be the death of me."

Both Ellen and I were kissing and slobbering all over Stella's tits. Stella looked surprised at the attention from Ellen for a second but then her face glazed over with lust and she was cumming and cumming. I leaned into lick Ellen's crotch for a while and Stella joined me. Stella was giving Ellen's ass a good going over. I backed away and watched. Ellen's body rippled as she came. I pulled Stella away from Ellen and had her assume the doggie position. I slipped my cock in her cunt and my thumb up her ass.

"OOOOOOOOooooooooooohhhhhhhhh."

I gave it to Stella good for a few minutes. Her tits were flopping everywhere. I paused and looked over at Ellen. Her fingers were jammed up her twat and she gave me a big smile. I spit into Stella's ass and pounded into her hard.

"Ohhhhhhhh yesssssssssss fuck my ass. Fuck it."

I slammed into Stella as hard as I could for a few minutes and left a load up her butt. I collapsed and Ellen rushed up to lick Stella's butthole and clean up the cum.

"Wow," said Stella.

"Yeah, wow," said Ellen.

"Thanks so much Ellen for letting me be with Don."

"It's ok Stella, I'm enjoying it as much as you are," and then they kissed passionately. 

"There oughta be a law," I said.

It wasn't long before Ellen grabbed for my cock and started licking. Stella looked at us for a second and hunkered down to join her. Stella grabbed my cock away from Ellen and tried to deep throat me. She gagged a little but she kept on trying. She looked up at me with puppy dog eyes as she struggled to take it all.

Ellen smiled up at me. "Sorry honey, but I'm all revved up and I need your cock in me. You're not done yet." 

Ellen grabbed my cock away from Stella. Somehow her lips were brushing my pubic hair and my whole cock was in her mouth in no time. She pulled back slowly and massaged my cock with her lips and stared up into my eyes with a flirty grin. I pulled out with a plop and my rock hard member was ready for action again. Ellen got on all fours and I slammed my cock right into her ass.

"OOoooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssss."

I slammed it into her as hard as I could for about 5 minutes and then I came again. I collapsed and this time I wasn't getting up any time soon. Stella licked Ellen's butthole in search of cum. 

We returned home and lugged up the stuff from my old place. Carolyn helped and we had it done in no time. 

"I hope you two had fun with Stella?" asked Carolyn.

"Her tits are really fun to play with," said Ellen with a grin.

"Yeah, and Stella enjoyed playing with your ass just as much," I said.

Ellen blushed beet red.

"And you just watched, huh Don?"

"You know me better than that my dear," I said with a smirk.

"After watching Stella go all misty eyed at Don, I don't think she was complaining and I definitely don't have any complaints. I'm really sore down there right now, but I'll get through it." Ellen smiled and kissed me passionately.

We had a nice dinner together. Stephanie and Ashley showed up arm-in-arm around 9pm. They both had huge smiles on their faces. 

"Everyone, just so you know, Ashley and I will be seeing a lot of each other. I guess you could call her my girlfriend." 

Ashley's face was beaming.

"You know it girlfriend," and then they kissed each other passionately.

Carolyn smiled at her daughter and then at Ashley. "You two make a beautiful couple."

Ellen said, "Don, Carolyn and I have agreed. You and Carolyn will be sleeping alone tonight. I will be fine in the guest bedroom."

"You're sure about this?"

"Yes, it's nice to have you all to yourself sometimes. I'll get my turn don't worry."

"Ok then. I love you Ellen." We kissed passionately.

"I love you too Don."

"Hey, Aunt Ellen, if you're looking for a place to crash, you can join Ashley and me for some girlie time."

Ellen's face brightened. "You wouldn't mind, would you Don?"

"Nope, you guys have fun. Just let me watch the video," I said with a grin.

Carolyn and I settled down for bed. I pulled her to me and gave her a long sensual kiss. She kissed me hard and grabbed me tight. I spent a long time nibbling on her nipples. She was moaning passionately the whole time. Eventually I slid my cock into her and stared into her eyes.

"I love you Don."

"I love you too Carolyn. I love you so much."

"You really do, don't you?"

"Oh yes, Carolyn, there's absolutely no doubt in my mind."

Her smile lit up her face and she started bucking at me. We slammed into each other hard and I came and came.

"Wow," She said.

"Yeah, wow," I replied.

The next morning I woke up around 10 AM and I was spooned up against Ellen. Carolyn was not in bed with us. I let my fingers wander up and down Ellen's body lightly and nibbled on her ear. Ellen wiggled her butt to let me know she was awake. I slid my cock into her cunt and pumped lightly from the side. We kept that up for a few minutes and then she pulled away from me. She laid on her back and pulled at me. I got on top of her and slipped in. 

"You have fun today, but don't you forget about me."

I pumped into her gently.

"How could I forget about you honey? I love you so much."

"I know honey. Fuck me. Fuck me hard."

"Your wish is my command."

I slammed it into her as hard as I could for as long as I could.

"OOOOOOooooohhhhhhhh yeah."

We came simultaneously. 

"I love you Don."

"I love you too Ellen."

Carolyn already had the coffee ready and there was French toast. Ashley and Stephanie came to the breakfast table and they were joined at the hip. They both were smiling at everything and everyone. 

"I bet you had fun last night, huh Ellen?" I asked.

All 3 ladies blushed. "Yes, I can't complain," she replied.

"I hope you and Carolyn enjoyed your quality time."

"We did indeed." Carolyn looked over to me and gave me a loving smile.

There was knocking on the door around noon. Somehow I was not surprised when I answered the door and Crystal was there. 

"Hi Don," she said and leaned in to kiss me.

Crystal was wearing the sexiest clothing I'd ever seen her wear. She had black stockings or leotards on that clung to her ass tightly. Then there was some sort of jumpsuit or something that barely covered the rest of her. Her firm tits were bursting out of the top portion. 

"Wow, you look amazing Crystal," I said and kissed her back.

She walked in and everyone stared at her.

Ellen said, "I guess we know what Crystal here wants." 

Everyone laughed.

Carolyn glared at her sister and then said, "Welcome Crystal, I guess you know everyone except for Ashley here. Ashley is Stephanie's girlfriend."

"Wow, Don, you were already the luckiest man alive before I saw her. I hope you are taking extra vitamins," said Ashley.

Everyone laughed.

Ellen left to hang out with Stella, and Ashley and Stephanie rushed off somewhere. That left Carolyn and Crystal and me. Carolyn was staring at Crystal and she couldn't help herself. She reached out and grabbed Crystal's tit and leaned in to kiss her. Crystal kissed her right back and grabbed on to Carolyn's ass.

"There oughta be a law," I said.

We headed into the bedroom. I watched in awe while Carolyn and Crystal made out. They switched to 69 and both of them were moaning like crazy. Then they both screamed and came. Carolyn motioned for me to have fun with Crystal. 

I licked and slobbered over her tits for a minute or two, but then Crystal said. "Quit playing around Don. Get that hard cock into me now."

"Your wish is my command milady."

And then I slammed my cock into her hard.

"Mmmmmppphhhhhh."

I pounded into Crystal mercilessly.

"OOoooooohhhhhhhhhhh."

I was mashing her firm tits and pounding into her as hard as I could.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh."

Crystal went limp. I pulled out my rock hard cock and looked over to Carolyn. She was on all fours and spreading her asscheeks.

"Hit me stud."

I slammed right into Carolyn's ass.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaah, yesssssssssssssssss."

I pounded into her hard for 5 minutes or so and then left a bucket of cum in her ass.

"Wow," said Crystal with an awestruck look on her face.

"Yeah, wow," said Carolyn.

Crystal noticed some cum leaking out of Carolyn's ass and she hopped right over for clean-up duty. I stared at Crystal's firm ass and I couldn't help myself. I leaned in to lick and play with her butt. I had her cheeks spread wide and then I started chewing on them. Crystal was moaning loudly again. 

Carolyn came up to kiss me and then she said with a big smile, "I know what Donnie wants." 

Crystal turned around and gave me a fearful look.

"Nobody's ever done that to me before."

Then she turned to Carolyn. "Doesn't it hurt?"

Carolyn responded with her favorite line that she stole from John Cougar Mellencamp, "It hurts honey, but it hurts so good."

I went back to licking around Crystal's anus.

"Ok Don, it's all yours, but please be gentle."

My cock went from rock hard to diamond hard. Crystal got up on all fours and Carolyn slid in under her. Carolyn started licking Crystal's slit and Crystal was moaning and wiggling her butt. I spit two or 3 times into Crystal's butthole and swirled my fingers around.

"Here goes."

I slipped into her ass gently.

"OOOOOooooooooooooohhhhhhhh."

"How's it feel Crystal?"

"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh, ok I guess."

"Ready for some more."

"What? I thought that was all of it?"

"Not quite honey."

Carolyn was licking Crystal and flicking her clit madly. Crystal was going wild.

"Give me the rest!"

I pushed in as gently as I could.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhh my god."

"That's all of it now Crystal."

"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh."

I pulled back and pumped in again slowly

"Hhhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

I picked up the pace a little, but it was still pretty slow going.

"Ohhhhhhaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh, give it to me Don, give it to me good."

I pounded into her hard. She was bucking right back at me. Her tits were flopping back and forth. I slammed and slammed for all I was worth. I couldn't hold out any longer and I came in her ass. I collapsed. Carolyn sucked the cumdrops out of her ass.

Crystal said to Carolyn, "Thanks for sharing your sex god with me honey."

Carolyn smiled and kissed her. "No problem my dear, it was our pleasure."

Crystal slipped on some regular clothes.

"You know what Don?" she asked.

"What?"

"You are indeed the luckiest man in the world, but you deserve it."

She kissed me tenderly and then she left.

Ellen showed up a little while later.

"How'd things go with our resident amazon?"

Carolyn replied, "There's no need to be jealous Ellen, Crystal is an amazing woman but she respects our relationship."

I chimed in, "Yeah, in fact, I think this whole thing works out great for her. She gets to enjoy the great sex but she doesn't have to worry about me getting to serious with her."

"Well, you just keep it that way ok?" said Ellen and then she kissed me hard.

"Ellen, I love you and I love Carolyn, but two girlfriends are definitely the most I can handle. There will never be a third."

"You sound pretty darn sure of yourself," said Carolyn.

"Yeah well, look at us. You ladies actually truly love each other. Anyone with any sensitivity at all can tell that. But, even you two are feeling little mini attacks of jealousy aren't you?"

Carolyn and Ellen looked at each other and they both blushed.

Ellen said, "OK, so you're right again Don. A third woman entering our relationship would mean disaster."

"And again, I need to mention, I love having sex with all these beautiful women that you keep setting me up with, but I would be quite happy to tell Crystal, Stella, Ashley and Stephanie that playtime is over. You two are the keepers of my cock but you keep on throwing me beautiful women to play with."

Ellen and Carolyn looked at each other and blushed again.

Carolyn replied, "I think the key factor that is eluding you Don, is that Ellen and I enjoy playing with beautiful women almost as much as you do."

"Hey, I'm not complaining. Believe me. I have two beautiful girlfriends that love me and I have numerous beautiful women that I get to have sex with just for fun. I'm just a little worried that this can keep on going so smoothly. Aren't you guys?"

Ellen replied, "Yes and no Don. We see your point, but Carolyn and I are very careful about who becomes your constitutional and who doesn't. We only accept women that we are personally attracted to, and we also only allow women who can prove to us they understand that you are not available for a real relationship. If they show any signs of trying for that, then no go."

"Well, I will leave it to you then. It's always fun trying to predict what you're going to surprise me with next."

They both leaned in to me and we had a 3 way passionate kiss. We ordered in Pizza and hung out together for a while.

"So Don, you will be sleeping with Ellen alone tonight. I will be in the spare bedroom."

"If you say so Carolyn. I love you."

"I love you too Don." We shared a long passionate kiss.

I worshipped Ellen's body in bed that night. I licked and caressed every inch of her. I spent a long time kneading and squeezing and chewing on her buttcheeks. She was coming with mini-orgasms for about 10 or 15 minutes straight. Eventually I pushed her onto her back and slid my cock into her. 

We bucked at each other pretty hard but we were staring at each other the whole time. I couldn't hold back any longer and I spewed my spunk into her. Ellen came right at the same time.

"Wow," she said.

"Yeah, Wow," I replied.

"I love you Don."

"I love too Ellen."