 Saturday Afternoon

I found the paper with Carolyn's number and called her.

She answered on the first ring.

"Hello."

"Hi, Is this Carolyn?"

"Yes it's me. Hi Don. How was the dancing?"

Dancing?? Oh yeah, I remember, I suggested dancing.

"Uhhhm, Ellen and I kind of skipped the dancing"

"Oh, you did, did you? I hope you had a nice time together?"

"You could say that." I replied "Would you like to get together for drinks this evening?"

"Sure. Where and when?"

"How bout Clancy's at 7:30 or so?"

"It's a date. I'll see you then Don."

"OK, bye for now."

"Goodbye."

I arrived at the bar around 7:20 and parked myself just outside the door.

Carolyn arrived right on time. She was dressed to the nines. She looked freaking hot. Her dress pants looked like they were painted on. She walked up to me with a smile on her face and came right up and kissed me hard.

"You dirty dirty man. You went and corrupted my sister. She can't stop talking about your night together. Think you have anything left for me?"

"The way you look right now" I said "A man would have to be dead to be not ready for you."

A big smile lit up her face.

"Let's just skip the drinks and head back to my place ok?"

"Your wish is my command, my lady."

I followed her car back to her place and then we headed up to her apartment.

"I'm not usually this forward" she said "but this is a special case."

and then she grabbed me by the back of the head and pulled me to her for a passionate kiss."

After a few seconds I said

"I'm not complaining."

We frenched some more and my hands wandered down to her ass. I grabbed it forcefully and then pulled away from her wincing and shaking my hands.

She looked at me with concern

"What's the matter?"

"Your ass is smoking hot. I burned my fingers." I said

She looked confused for just a second and then she hauled off and whacked my arm hard.

"You big faker." She said with a smirk.

We settled in for some more kissing and I kneaded her ass like it was bread dough.

I blew in her ear and nibbled on her ear lobe and then whispered

"You girls are gonna be the death of me.... But what a way to go!"

She smiled at me and said "This way to the bedroom kind sir."

She looked at me as she took off her blouse. Her tits were no bigger than her sister's.

After she had removed her bra she said. "I understand you don't mind that we are as flat as a board?"

I moved in and licked one nipple and then glanced up at her.

"Honey, you are perfect just the way you are. How did you manage to keep the body of a high school girl all the way until you were 39 anyways?"

She smiled and said "I don't know, good clean living I guess. Let's get your clothes off shall we? I have to see this cock my sister keeps raving about."

My cock was like a steel pole. There was a little pre-cum leaking out already.

"My, My. Someone is excited."

I lied down on the bed. She leaned in to lick my cock while I struggled with her pants and got them off. As I slipped off her panties I said "Please don't wake up, Please don't wake up. I wanna finish this dream off right."

Carolyn chuckled around my cock and kept on slurping.

I licked and slobbered all around her cunt and her butt. Both of us were having a great time and I was sure she came at least twice. I'd had so much sex in the last 24 hours I was still a long ways away from coming. I pulled my cock out of her mouth and moved around so our heads were together. "Are you ready for the next part?"

"I don't know how you managed it, but I've been ready since last night." said Carolyn

"Well here we go then." and I thrust up into her forcefully.

She was really fired up and moaned loudly.

This got me fired up and I'm afraid I lost all control and I pounded into her with no mercy. I kept furiously pounding while my head was off elsewhere.

"Ohhhh myyyy god!!" whimpered Carolyn "Oh God, Oh God"

I came back to earth and looked into her eyes and paused.

"You are like a machine." She said adoringly

"You're ok?" I asked

"More than ok"

"ok then"

We switched to doggie and I started pumping again.

I felt my orgasm building and slipped my finger up her butthole.

She lost all control and screamed.

I pulled out of her and flooded her whole backside with cum.

We both collapsed. This was getting habit forming for me.

She turned and looked at me.

"Ellen was right. You are a sex god"

"And you are almost like twin goddesses."

I leaned in to kiss her and she retuned my kiss passionately.

I must have slept again. I woke up in a strange bed, I was on my back and I glanced over and saw Carolyn sleeping at my side. I had to rise up above her to see her bedside clock.

8:49 AM. It hadn't been that late when we ended our sexual session last night, but I guess my body needed rest.

I moved up next to Carolyn and spooned her. I nibbled on her ear and let my fingers graze lightly over her body. She eventually turned around and smiled at me.

"Sorry for dropping off on you like that." I said "I was bushed."

"No problem." said Carolyn "You're cute when you snore."

"Wow, you have got it bad." I said to her laughingly "Even when I snore, you think I'm cute."

She reached down for my cock which was now semi-hard.

"I hope you have one more round left in you?"

"The things I do for my country." I said as I leaned in to kiss her.

She was on her back and as I rolled on top of her she raised her knees up next to her ears

and said "Come on. Hit me hard stud."

Who was I to argue an invitation like that?

I proceeded to do just that

I pounded into her hard and she moaned "Oh yeah, oh yeah, just like that. Hit me. Hit me."

Carolyn was a lot more talkative in bed than her sister, but who was I to complain?

It wasn't long before we both were coming.

We got up and headed to the kitchen for some coffee.

Carolyn looked at me and said "Now for the moment of truth."

That sounded ominous to me and I responded "What do you mean?"

"If you were forced to choose between me and Ellen, who would you choose?"

"Don't do this to me." I said "You are both so beautiful. You are both so wonderful. How could I choose?"

"I can see how it's tough for you. But if you had to choose only one of us, If you were only allowed to be with one of us for the rest of your life. Which one would you choose?"

I studied Carolyn. She looked so gorgeous in her robe. Her long slim beautiful leg was just sitting there waiting for me to grab it. But then I thought of Ellen. She was just as beautiful, and we had something special going. I could feel it. As tempting as it was to say to Carolyn that she was the one.... I knew that my only answer was Ellen.

"Look. You are a beautiful wonderful woman and if we had met first maybe I would be saying something different right now. But, Ellen and I had a very special evening together and I would have to choose her. I'm so sorry if this is upsetting to you."

"Thank you for your honesty." She said "A lot of guys would tell the girl they were with that she was the one even if she wasn't."

"I was tempted to say it was you really. You are a special woman. But I couldn't bear the thought of not being with Ellen again. I'm sorry."

"No, it's ok. This is kind of what I was expecting." and then she looked up past my head

and I turned around.

There was Ellen with a huge smile on her face.

"You are so getting lucky mister." and then she swooped in for a kiss.

Before I knew what was happening they had removed my pants and underwear.

I looked down in bewilderment. There were two beautiful faces down next to my cock, one on either side. They each licked a side of my cock at the same time. Then they both glanced up at me with a grin.

"There oughta be a law." I said.