 Monday evening

"That was awesome." Said Carolyn. "Thank you so much."

Unbelievable. A gorgeous woman with a fabulous ass just thanked me for fucking the shit out of her ass. What a strange world this is.

"No, Thank you." was all I could manage to reply.

She put some regular clothes on, and I got dressed as well.

When we got to the living room, I was met with a total surprise. A young girl was there. She looked to be around high school age. I noticed a certain family resemblance.

She was looking at me like I was from Mars and then she looked at Carolyn. "Who's he?"

"Stephanie, this is my friend Don. Don, this is my daughter, Stephanie."

"Pleased to make your acquaintance." I said.

"Not as pleased as you were to make Mom's acquaintance, obviously." She said with a grin.

Carolyn turned beet red and more than likely so did I. Stephanie must have heard some of the goings on in the bedroom.

"Hey, it's ok." Said Stephanie as she looked at Carolyn. "It's good to see you finally found somebody."

Then Stephanie gave me a frank once over and smiled at me sexily.

Of course Carolyn's daughter would have to be gorgeous. She's even taller than her mom, and, if my eyes do not deceive me, it looks like Stephanie was blessed with a little more titflesh than her mom or her aunt. And of course her ass is to die for. Whoa, down boy. She may be hotter than a firecracker. But she's probably under age and even if she's legal she's off limits.

I was a little tongue tied. I didn't know what to say.

Thankfully Carolyn saved me.

"Stephanie just graduated high school. She's all set to go away to university in the fall."

"Oh yeah, what are you gonna be taking? I asked.

"Music mostly." She replied.

I had never really noticed, but there was a piano in the corner of the living room.

"I'd love to hear you play sometime." I said.

Stephanie smiled saucily and said "Any time big boy."

I tried to respond to her innuendo and let her know that yes, she was a sexy thing, but no, I would not be trying to add her as a notch on my belt. 

I smiled at Stephanie and gave her an obvious ogle, but then I turned to Carolyn and said. "Do you play honey? " I moved over to Carolyn and kissed her on the cheek and put my arm around her.

Carolyn looked a little spooked to see her daughter flirting with me so she turned to me gratefully and said "Nope. Stephanie got all her musical talent from her father."

She pulled out a CD and handed it to me. She pointed to a guy holding a guitar on the back cover. "There he is. " The picture was from at least 20 years ago.

"I still miss you honey. " Said Carolyn with a sad voice and then she kissed the CD before she put it back in the rack.

I stared at her with a confused look in my eyes.

"Oh, sorry." said Carolyn. "Danny was killed when Stephanie was 3 years old. It was an accident at work." 

Stephanie had a tear in her eye. All of the sexual tension had left the room.

"I better get going." I said.

Carolyn and I had a brief kiss and then I left.

I moseyed on down the hall to Ellen's place. It was just after 7. Just about the time she was due back from work. She had got home just before me.

"So, did you do it? Did you fuck her ass?"

"Yes, Yes I did."

"How'd it go?"

"Carolyn seemed to enjoy herself quite a bit. I know I did." I said with a smirk.

"I'll just bet you did, you horndog." She said with a smile.

I leaned in to kiss my beautiful girlfriend. We had a nice kiss for a minute or two.

"We bumped into Stephanie on the way out."

"Oh, really?"

"Yeah, she heard at least some of it. She teased us pretty good."

"Wow. That must have been interesting. What do you think of Stephanie?"

"Well, she's related to you and Carolyn, so obviously she's hot. She also seems like a nice kid from what I can tell."

"Yeah, she's definitely hot isn't she? She is a nice kid. You'll see."

Ellen and I ordered some Chinese food and relaxed for a while together. There was a knock on her door around 10 PM. It was Carolyn. She didn't look very surprised to see me there. No secrets between these two obviously.

She said to Ellen "So, I assume you are up to date. Don here royally fucked my ass and I loved it."

Carolyn turned to me and said 'We're definitely going to do that again sometime soon."

"That should be no problem." I said with a smile as my cock rose in my pants.

Carolyn turned back to Ellen "and Stephanie heard just about everything and then started flirting with Don mercilessly."

Ellen gave me a mock glare and then grinned at me.

Carolyn continued "and guess what? Stephanie accused me of faking it. She hasn't had great sexual experiences so far. She's not sure that she believes all of the hype about sex. She was sure there was no way I was enjoying it as much it sounded like I was."

Ellen said "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

Carolyn replied "I think that would be a great idea if you are ok with it."

Ellen said "What do you think Don?"

"Did I miss something here? You were talking about Stephanie's bad sexual experiences and then I lost you. Sorry but I can't read minds like you two obviously do."

Ellen's face colored "Right, sorry, I think what we are suggesting is that you should show Stephanie what good sex is all about. Right Carolyn?" 

Carolyn nodded.

"What?? Are you two crazy? She's like 16."

"Actually, she just turned 18 last month." Said Carolyn.

"OK, whatever, she's 18, I still don't think I should have sex with her."

"Why not?" Asked Carolyn. "Don't you find her attractive?"

"Attractive? More like freaking gorgeous." I replied.

Both Ellen and Carolyn smiled.

Ellen said "You can teach her that sex is beautiful if you do it right and then you can treat her like a fuck-buddy. You're 42 and she's 18 so obviously you won't become a couple. So what's the problem?"

I walked over to Ellen and kissed her passionately. "You are the keeper of the keys to my cock. Remember. I just want to make sure that we are OK. You are the one I want to wake up with."

Ellen looked over at Carolyn and beamed. "See, isn't he adorable."

Carolyn smiled somewhat regretfully and said "Yes, yes he is."

Ellen went over to comfort Carolyn and whispered in her ear. Carolyn's eyes lit up and then they both turned towards me. They each grabbed an arm and started tugging me to the bedroom. They pushed me on the bed and pulled my pants off. Before I knew it, there were two beautiful sisters worshipping my cock. One would take me down deep as far as she could for as long as she could and then the other sister would try and take me deeper. I was playing with Ellen's ass and tonguing her back side all over. Then I looked down again at my crotch. Carolyn looked up with an adoring look as she bobbed on my cock. She traded with Ellen. Ellen looked up at me with a lustful grin. I couldn't take it any more. I spewed my cum into Ellen's mouth and then all over both of their faces. They both smiled up at me as cum dripped off their faces, and oh yeah don't forget tomorrow I was going to add an 18 year old hottie to my harem. 

"There oughta be a law." I said.

Carolyn gave me a quick kiss and then she headed back to her apartment.

Ellen looked at me and said "I hope you don't mind us running your sex life for you too much?"

"Like I'm going to complain about two beautiful women attacking me and fighting for my cock." I laughed.

Ellen blushed prettily for a second and then said

"No, I was referring to Stephanie."

"Oh yeah, Stephanie. If you ladies insist, I will be happy to tutor her. I'm still not sure it's a great idea though."

"Why?"

"She's only 18.... She might think she loves me. Also, she's smoking hot and I don't want you to get jealous."

"I wish I had someone like you to tutor me when I was 18. It would have saved me a lot of grief. I love my niece and I think she deserves to see what good sex is like. Just explain to her before anything happens that the couple thing will never happen. I think she's mature enough to understand. And, I won't get jealous, I promise."

"If you insist then."

We made out for a bit and then I dropped off.

The next morning I didn't wake up with Ellen in my arms. She woke up first and started licking my cock while I was asleep. I was just beginning to realize what was going on when she moved up to my face and kissed me. My cock was now rock hard.

"You got me all wound up last night, and I never got to cum. I know it's my own fault for getting Carolyn to help double team you like that. But, I've been dripping all night. Please just give me a Donnie special."

"One Donnie special coming up." I said.

I pushed her onto her back and then slid myself in. After 5 minutes of furious pumping, Ellen was screaming in pleasure and then she went limp. I was still hard. So, I just pushed my cock up into her as far as it would go and left it there for a while. I leaned in to kiss her face lightly. Eventually she came back to herself and kissed me back.

"Thanks, I needed that so bad."

I pulled out and tapped her knee. We switched to doggie and I popped two fingers into her ass and then I pumped again for another 5 or 10 minutes until I came. She also came at least one more time.

"I knew there was a reason why I keep you around." She said with a smile.

"Always happy to be of service my lady."

As I was leaving for work we arranged to meet for lunch. I sent an e-mail to Crystal to let her know I had other plans for lunch. When lunchtime rolled around I met Ellen in the food court. She rushed up and pushed herself right into me and gave me a passionate kiss. As, I kissed her back some of my co-workers saw us and gave me the thumbs-up. 

As we sat down to eat, Crystal marched over and confronted us. Crystal had gone to a lot of trouble to look nice today. Her hair was done up in a new style and her clothes looked more like going out for fancy dinner clothes than every day work clothes.

"So this is your new girlfriend is it? I didn't pick you for a cradle robber Don."

"Ellen, this is my friend Crystal. Crystal, this is my girlfriend, Ellen."

Ellen sized up Crystal and then gave me an enquiring look.

"Crystal and I have been having lunch together most days. We are just friends. I was kinda hoping we would become more than just friends, but Crystal wanted to keep things the way they were. "

Crystal piped up. "Yeah, and then Don showed up yesterday. He was so confident. He was like a new man."

Ellen said. "Sorry Crystal, this man is mine. You snooze. You lose."

"Good luck to you both then." Crystal said and she left.

"She's pretty." Said Ellen.

"Don't worry. She's got nothing on you babe. I haven't thought about her at all since we met."

"Just keep it that way buster." She said with a smile.

"Crystal will find another guy to string along in no time. She likes to be chased, but I'm not sure she wants to be caught."

"She seemed to want you to catch her today."

"Too bad , so sad." I said. We both laughed.

"So here's the plan for Stephanie. Just show up at Carolyn's after work. Carolyn won't be there, but Stephanie will. I'm sure you can take it from there."

"You're absolutely sure about this?"

"Yes, and so is Carolyn. Just treat her nice? OK?"

"If you say so."

I knocked on Carolyn's door at 5:30. Stephanie answered. 

She gave me a flirty grin and said. "Mom's not here right now."

"When do you expect her back?"

"Oh, I don't know, she didn't say."

"Mind if I come in?"

"Sure come on in."

Stephanie put an extra wiggle in her walk as she led me in.

Man, this girl's legs go on forever. And when her legs reach her ass, magic happens. She has the sexiest airspace between her legs that I've seen in a long time. I'm definitely going to enjoy this. It seems like she has no idea that I'm about to put the moves on her. Her mom must have decided to keep her in the dark.

"Why don't you play me something on the piano?" I asked

"Sure you don't want to fool around? " She said with a saucy look.

I moved up close to her and pulled her to me for a quick kiss. I backed away again and said. "We can fool around if you like. Might be fun." and then I gave her an obvious ogle.

"Wait a second. " She said. "Yesterday you checked me out. You liked what you saw. But you decided I was hands off."

"Right, right and right." I said with a smile.

"And today you checked me out. You liked what you saw. And you decided I was hands on?"

"Right, right and right again. You are a smart young lady."

"But I thought you and mom were a couple. Are you sure about this?"

"Actually, your Aunt Ellen and I are a couple."

Stephanie's eyes went wide.

"Your mom and I are more like fuck-buddies."

"Fuck-buddies?" said Stephanie with a dumbfounded look on her face.

"Yes, your aunt kindly allows your mother and I to hook up whenever we like. I was a two woman man before today."

"Oh my God." said Stephanie.

"Your mom has come to the conclusion that your sexual education is sadly lacking. Both your aunt and your mom have asked me to help you out with that."

"You're saying that my mom asked you to fuck me?"

"Not exactly the words I would choose, but yes, that is what I'm saying."

"Holy shit. Don't go anywhere. I'll be back in a sec."

She rushed off. She must have called her mom to confirm. She came right back.

"I can't believe it. You're right. Mom says I will thank her later."

She looked me over. "I don't get it. You're good looking for your age, but not amazingly so. What makes you so special?"

"Look Stephanie. If you don't want to do this, I'm totally cool with that. This wasn't even really my idea."

"You mean you don't want me?"

"I wouldn't go that far. You are a beautiful young woman Stephanie. Any heterosexual man in his right mind wants you."

Stephanie blushed.

"Here, I have an idea. I will touch you lightly for a bit. I promise to stay away from all of your private parts. No kissing. OK?"

She looked at me like I was crazy but she said

"Sure, knock yourself out, but no funny business."

I moved up closer to her and kneeled down and grabbed her left calf with both hands.
I caressed her leg through her tight jeans. I slowly move up her leg and back down again. Each time I got to the top of the cycle I went a little higher. After a minute or so I had just got up above her knee. 

"Is this OK so far?" I asked

"Sure, it feels nice I guess but nothing special"

I moved up some more and caressed just above her knee and just getting up to her lower thigh. Then I started caressing her thighs. I was careful not to hit her ass or her crotch.

I just lightly touched her thighs and caressed them both front and back.

Stephanie began to unconsciously push herself towards me so that I might brush her private areas. I made sure that didn't happen. Then I took my hands off her and stood back. Stephanie looked a little flushed.

"OK so far?" 

She nodded.

You don't mind if I continue?

"No, please go ahead" she said quietly.

I knelt down and went to work on her other leg. I was just as slow and meticulous as with the first one. When I got up to her thigh, this time I did some squeezing. My cock was straining in my pants and it was all I could do to hold back from wrenching her pants off and slamming my cock in her. But of course, that was not on the menu yet. I played with her right thigh some more and came close to her cunt but never touched it. She was swivelling her hips to try and get me to touch her but I made sure not to break the rules.

I pulled away and stood up again. 

"OK, I'm beginning to get the idea I think." She said.

"So I should continue then?"

"Please do."

I moved in with my lips and kissed her neck a little. I licked up the side of her jaw until I got up to her ear. All this time my hand was rubbing her back lightly. I breathed into her ear and then nibbled on it a little. Stephanie let out a moan. I pulled away from her and smiled.

"That concludes lesson 1." I said.

"Wow. That was pretty amazing. You followed your rules. You never touched my ass or my cunt or my breasts. We never kissed. But I swear I am hotter now than I've ever been."

"Are you ready for lesson 2 then?"

"Definitely." She said with a sexy grin.

"OK, before we do that, let's set some ground rules here."

"OK." She said with a mystified look.

"First of all, Ellen is my girlfriend. She is very special to me. You may find yourself thinking I am the guy for you. But, remember, you are 18 and I am 42. That is never going to happen. Got it?"

"Yeah, I get that, no problem."

"So, you're ok with a little kissing and a little groping? I promise your clothes will stay on for this lesson."

"Sounds like a plan." She said with a warm smile.

"I've been wanting to do this for a while. You are a beautiful young woman Stephanie."

She blushed again prettily.

I leaned in to kiss her lightly. She responded tentatively. I put my arms around her and stroked her back again. I pulled her closer to me and slipped in a little tongue. She started to enjoy herself and we twirled our tongues together. I let my fingers wander down to her ass and stroked it. She pushed herself up against me and started exploring my mouth with her tongue. I grabbed on to her ass more forcefully and went into regular passionate kissing mode. She was right there with me. We were both enjoying ourselves now. I maneuvered my thigh so it was rubbing against her crotch and increased the pressure, pulling her closer by her magnificent ass. Stephanie started to hyperventilate a little. I think she must have had a minor orgasm.

"Wow, you haven't even got my clothes off yet, and this is already the best sex I've ever had."

"Honey, I'm sure you realize but this isn't sex yet. It's just minor petting."

"I know, but I swear you're driving me crazy."

"Well, just so you know. You ain't seen nothin' yet."

"Show me some more, then." She said with a puppy dog look.

We went back to kissing. I moved my hands to her breasts. She was definitely not busty, but she had some nice mounds to play with. I twirled my fingers around them in smaller circles while staying away from the nipples. She was pressing her breasts into my hands looking for more contact. I gave them a squeeze and then rubbed her nipples. 

She increased her kissing frantically for a second and then backed away and said

"Now we must be ready for lesson 3, right teach?"

"I'm not sure Steph. This lesson is a big jump. We both lose our clothes, and then almost anything goes. Just no penetration allowed. Are you sure you're ready?"

She removed her blouse and said with a huge grin on her face. "Let's do it." 

"Why don't we take this lesson to your bedroom?" 

We quickly moved into the bedroom and I removed my shirt and then moved up to her. I reached for the button to her jeans and tried to undo them. They were pretty tight, so Stephanie took control and did the honors. I removed my own pants. We also removed our socks. She was now just in bra and panties. And I was in my boxers. My cock was making a large tent in my shorts. She was a sight to see, let me tell you. I leaned in to kiss her passionately and I let the fingers of one hand brush her cunt for the first time through her panties. 

"Ohhhh, God." She said. 

I reached around to undo her bra and her apple sized tits were now on display. Her nipples were much larger than her mom's as well. They were almost like erasers. I started licking her breasts without touching the nipples at all. My hands were kneading her ass like bread dough. 

She started to mutter almost under breath. "Oh my god, oh my god."

I switched to the other breast and went through the same routine. Licking around the whole breast with no contact on the nipple. I finally gave her nipple a good lick and a little suck. 
