 OK, I know. The story was supposed to be over. To be honest I thought there would be no point in continuing with my memoirs. After all, I was only planning on having sex with two wonderful women for the rest of my life. There are only so many things you can write about, given those constraints. And you've already read the previous 12 chapters, so there wouldn't be anything new happening. At least that's the way I thought the rest of my life was going to go. Don't get me wrong, the last 10 years had been wonderful. I had nothing to complain about. But my beautiful wives decided to change things up. It all started on my daughter's 10th birthday.

1)

"Daddy, Daddy, wake up."

I rolled over groggily.

"Tiffany, let me sleep honey."

"Mommy says you better get up now. We have lots of things to do today Daddy."

I looked at the clock. It was only 9 o'clock. I groaned and sat up in bed. Tiffany was staring at me and she seemed more keyed up than usual. Oh right it's her birthday.

"Come here honey. I owe you a birthday hug."

She smiled and attacked me. 

"Happy birthday Tiffie, my sweet little girl."

"Oh Daddy. I'm not a little girl anymore. I'm 10 years old."

"No you're not Tiffie. I'm sure you're turning 7 aren't you?"

I tried to sound serious but I couldn't hold it for long. I burst out laughing as she slapped me playfully.

"Ohhh Daddy, I'm gonna get you."

We were both giggling as I shooed her out of the room. "I have to get dressed honey. Tell your mom that I'm awake."

"OK Daddy. She gave me a little kiss and darted out of the room."

I entered the kitchen and Ellen and Carolyn both smiled at me warmly.

"Coffee's hot dear," said Ellen.

"It's about time you got up sleepyhead," said Carolyn.

She came over and gave me a nice kiss.

"No wonder I was sleepy. You two wore me out last night."

Ellen and Carolyn both blushed. Ellen came over for her morning kiss.

"Aww, does poor little Donnie feel all tuckered out still?"

I pulled Ellen to me and grabbed her ass. She smiled at me and slapped my hands.

"Now Don, there's no time for that this morning. You need to be out the door by 10. I've got a list of stuff for you to pick up. There's going to be 20 kids running through our house this afternoon, and we need some supplies, not to mention the birthday cake."

Tiffany entered the kitchen. "Can I go shopping with Daddy?"

Ellen and Carolyn glanced at each other and then Ellen said, "Sure honey if you want to."

Tiffany and I left to go shopping while Ellen and Carolyn set up the place for the birthday party. We found everything on the list and headed back. There were balloons hanging on the mail box and Tiffany started to bounce in the car. She was really getting excited.

Tiffany's best friend, Giselle, showed up early. She was going to sleep over. They rushed off to Tiffany's bedroom. The whole downstairs of the house looked very festive.

"Great job decorating ladies."

"Thanks Don, could you look around and make sure anything breakable is hidden away?"

"Sure honey."

More kids started showing up around 1:45. There were 19 in total, 12 girls and 7 boys. The house was in chaos, but it was innocent fun. None of the children were too destructive. I tried to stay out of the way and let Ellen and Carolyn be the policemen. I noticed that Tiffany was paying quite a bit of attention to one of the boys. I pulled Ellen aside to chat.

"Who's that boy Tiffany is talking to honey?"

Ellen smiled at me. "Oh, that's her boyfriend, Billy."

"Boyfriend?"

Her smile widened.

"That's what she calls him honey. Don't get all excited. Didn't you have a girlfriend when you were in the 5th grade?"

I thought back. I nodded my head sheepishly. "I did have two different 'girlfriends' in the 5th grade. I even kissed them once or twice."

Ellen smiled and kissed me.

"He seems like a nice boy honey. Let them have their fun."

The party seemed to be a hit with the kids. Tiffany had a great time opening up all of the presents. She even gave Billy a kiss in front of everyone when she opened his. He blushed beet red. They both looked so cute. Tiffany glanced my way somewhat fearfully. I just grinned at her. Her face lit up and she put her arm around him.

Eventually the parents started showing up to pick up their kids. One of the moms was a total knockout. I mean her breasts were amazing. Now I love both of my wives and I would never cheat on them, but neither Ellen nor Carolyn have any breasts to speak of. I was salivating as I stared at the yummy mummy. A very pretty young girl rushed up to give her a hug and then they left.

Carolyn had caught me staring at her. "She does have beautiful breasts, doesn't she Don?"

I sighed, "She sure does honey, but you know I'm happy with your itty bitty titties."

Carolyn grinned and kissed me. "How long since you got to play with titties like that Don?"

"You know the answer to that Carolyn. It's been more than 10 years. I can't remember if it was Crystal or Stella that was last. I know Stephanie was after them but her titties don't quite qualify."

Carolyn giggled. "You sure you don't miss titties Don?"

All of the moms and dads had left by then. I glanced around to double check and pulled Carolyn to me for a passionate kiss. I tweaked both of her nipples.

"I'm quite happy to play with yours honey. There's no need for anyone else except for Ellen of course."

Ellen strode up to me with a grin on her face. "I heard that mister. You almost forgot about me."

I pulled in Ellen and we enjoyed a 3 way embrace. I twisted Ellen's nipples roughly just to make a point. She gasped but she smiled at me.

"I could never forget you my love."

2)

My parents showed up not too long after that. They're both in their late 70's but they're still doing OK. My mom was looking frailer though. She smiled and gave me a hug.

"You're looking well Donald."

"Thanks Mom, you too."

"Where's the birthday girl?"

Just then Tiffany appeared with Giselle.

"Ah, there's the most beautiful girl in the world."

Tiffany's smile lit up her face. "Hi Gramma. Hi Grampa." They all hugged each other furiously. 

"This is my best friend Giselle."

Just as the introductions were done, Ellen and Carolyn's dad showed up. Their mom had died a few years ago.

"Hi Grampa." 

They embraced and then eventually Tiffany and Giselle went back to play in her room.

We were chatting in the living room and then the doorbell rang. I went to answer it. Stephanie was there. She looked absolutely gorgeous as per usual. She also looked sad. Her face perked up a little when she saw me.

"Hi Uncle Don."

"Hi Steph."

We hugged each other and I gave her a perfunctory kiss. We were always a little awkward with each other. We both knew we were hot for each other and we both knew that nothing was going to happen.

"You look unhappy Steph. What's going on?"

"Oh Uncle Don. I broke up with Mike. It just wasn't working."

"That's too bad honey."

Carolyn came up and hugged her daughter.

"You two broke up did you? He was a nice guy Stephanie."

"Oh I know Mom. He didn't do anything wrong really. I just knew I didn't love him, and that wasn't going to change. If I'm attached to the wrong man, I will never have a chance to find the right one."

"It's your decision honey. Come and talk with your grandfather."

I followed Stephanie into the living room. I watched her fine ass wiggle. Even when she wasn't dressing to impress she looked fabulous. I could feel my cock rising.

We had ham for supper, one of Tiffany's favorites. The kids had eaten up all of the birthday cake at their party, but that was just a store bought cake. Ellen whipped up her famous chocolate cake for this version.

We all sang happy birthday and Tiffany was beaming. I couldn't help myself. I sang very loudly and not with the right words.

"Happy Birthday to you. We're glad that you're two. You smell like a monkey, and you look like one too."

Giselle looked at me like I was from another planet. Everyone else had heard it before. They gave me looks varying from stern disapproval to delighted amusement.

Tiffany came over to me and punched me on the arm lightly. "Daddy, you said you would sing it right this year."

"Did I? I don't remember that."

We hugged each other. It was a very nice hug.

"Maybe next year Tiffie."

She grinned at me.

"Oh Daddy, I love you."

"I love you too Tiffie, you're my sweet little girl."

Stephanie was watching us and she started to tear up. Her father died when she was only 3. She never got to hug her dad on her birthdays. She excused herself and headed to the bathroom. Carolyn watched her daughter closely. I didn't know it then, but she already had a plan.

Tiffany was beside herself with joy when she opened up her I-phone. She had been begging us for a cell phone forever. She couldn't sit still after that. She was itching to set up all of her contacts and get texting. We let her escape with Giselle after a short time.

Stephanie pulled me aside at one point and she flirted with me outrageously. I was rock hard. I noticed Carolyn watching us as we returned. Stephanie blushed but she held her head high.

We had a nice family visit and then eventually we said goodbye. Tiffany thanked everyone politely as they left. She really is a well behaved child.

3)

Tiffany headed back to her room with Giselle. They closed the door firmly. I grabbed my wives and dragged them to the bedroom. They were used to this. They knew that I was always ready to go after I got to spend any time with Stephanie. They giggled and presented their asses for me. I was an animal but they seemed to enjoy themselves. Afterwards we were cuddling.

"We should invite Stephanie over here more often," said Ellen with a grin.

Carolyn smiled and responded, "I'm not sure if I could take that too often."

"I didn't hurt you did I honey?"

"No Don, I'm fine. You can do that to me anytime you like."

"You're sure?"

"I'm sure Don. I should get over to 'my' room. Giselle doesn't need to know that we all sleep together."

"OK Carolyn." 

Both Ellen and I kissed her tenderly and she left.

"Don honey, I love you."

"Oh Ellen, I love you so much."

We kissed each other passionately for the next while and then I drifted off.

4) 

My birthday came up all too soon. Somehow I always thought of myself as being in my late 30's. When I realized I was 53 I got a little depressed. Ellen and Carolyn treated me like a king that day. Ellen pulled me aside. She always could read my moods like a book.

"What's wrong Don?"

"Oh Ellen, I'm 53. I'm old. You're 38. You're beautiful. You could do so much better than me."

Ellen got angry. "Don, Don. How many times do I have to tell you? I couldn't be happier. You are wonderful. I love you."

"I know honey. I know. But don't you feel tempted at all when some good looking young guy hits on you? Don't tell me that never happens."

"Oh Don, men hit on me all the time. Trust me Don. I'm never tempted. I'm with you and nobody else but you."

She pulled me in for a passionate kiss. I must admit she certainly kissed like a woman who was in love with her man. I cheered up a little.

My ladies gave me a nice present but then Carolyn said, "We have a special gift planned for you this weekend Don. So don't make any plans OK?"

I was confused but I nodded my head.

We had another great sexual session that evening. The ladies spent a lot of time sucking my cock. I mostly just laid back and enjoyed all of the attention. At the end when I sprayed my sperm all over their beautiful faces I realized how lucky I was. Both Carolyn and Ellen were smiling from ear to ear.

"There Oughta be a law," I said.

5)

Friday evening came and I was getting anxious. I had no idea what my special gift was going to be. I bugged Carolyn when I got home. She just smiled at me and shook her head. She wouldn't tell me what it was. Then Ellen came home and I asked her. She reacted the same way.

The doorbell rang at 7:15. It was Stephanie. 

"OK Mom, what is so important?"

"Stephanie honey, you turn 29 on Wednesday right?"

"Of course mom, same birthday every year."

"Well honey, Ellen and I are giving you an early present this year."

I looked at my wives and I finally guessed what was happening.

Ellen walked over to me and presented me with a glass that looked like water.

"Here Don, drink this all at once. It will help you do your duty." She was smiling wildly. 

I took the glass and downed it.

"What the heck is going on?" asked Stephanie.

Carolyn replied, "Stephanie honey, Ellen, Tiffany and I are going on a weekend shopping trip to the outlet mall. You and Don are going to get reacquainted this weekend, if you know what I mean."

Stephanie's eyes lit up. "Really Mom? Oh thank you so much." They hugged each other fiercely. I glanced over at Ellen. She was grinning like a maniac.

"Here are the rules. You can do anything you want this weekend as many times as you want. We should be returning Sunday around 8 o'clock or so. You will not have relations with each other after this weekend at all. The next possible time you two get to hook up is next year at birthday time. OK?"

Stephanie and I stared into each other's eyes. "OK," we said in unison.

Ellen disappeared to go get Tiffany. I pulled in Carolyn for a passionate kiss.

"Thank you honey. I love you so much."

"Oh Don, I love you too. I hope you two have fun."

Tiffany rushed up and gave me a hug. 

"You be good for your mom and your aunt OK honey?"

"Oh I will Daddy. We're going to get new jeans and new shoes and everything." She looked so adorable.

Tiffany and Carolyn left and started packing up the car.

Then Ellen and I hugged each other. "Don honey. Don't feel guilty at all about anything OK? We know you've lusted after her for years and held back. Just enjoy your birthday present OK?"

"Oh Ellen, I love you so much."

"I love you too Don. Toodaloo."

6)

The door closed and Stephanie and I were alone. She attacked me.

"Oh Uncle Don, it's been so long."

We kissed passionately. My hands roamed all over her ass.

"Are you sure you want to hook up with a 53 year old man Steph?"

She reached down and found my rock hard member.

"Don, Don, you have no idea how often I've dreamt of this. Let's get to the bedroom now."

"Lead the way my lovely."

She kissed me hard and then dragged me to the bedroom.

Her clothes were off before I knew what was happening. I stared at her nubile body in awe. She was perfect. She noticed my stare and blushed. I just stood there in a trance.

She came up and unbuttoned my shirt for me.

"Oh Uncle Don, I can't wait. Please fuck me Uncle Don."

That jolted me out of my reverie. I slipped off my pants and underwear. My rock hard cock was in full view. Stephanie licked her lips and then fell back on the bed. Her legs were spread wide. Her pussy was distended and dripping. She had a little tuft of reddish pubic hair above her pussy. I stared at her again. 

"C'mon Uncle Don. Snap out of it and fuck me."

I mounted her and slid my cock up into heaven.

"Hi Stephanie, How you doin?"

"Ooooooohhhhh. It's about time Uncle Don."

"Sorry honey, you're just so perfect. I thought I had to be dreaming."

Stephanie giggled and started bucking at me furiously. After a minute or two she slowed down.

"I'm feeling much better now kind sir."

I started to pound into her furiously. She was right there with me.

"Oh God. Oh Jesus. Yes. Yes. Fuck me."

Some things never change I guess. Stephanie was always vocal.

After a good 2 or 3 minutes of furious fucking I slowed down. I still pounded into her hard and my cock was still rock hard, but the strokes were longer and slower. I kissed her passionately.

"Oh Uncle Don, you've still got it. I've cum twice already."

I pulled out and tapped her knee. She smiled at me and got on all 4s.

"Which hole Steph?"

"Oh, you choose Uncle Don."

I spread her cheeks wide and tongued around her butthole. I licked and lapped and slobbered for a while. She was moaning non-stop.

"Oooohhhh. It's been so long since anybody's tongued my butt. Please fuck my ass Uncle Don. I need it."

I positioned my cock for entry.

"Here it comes Steph."

I slid in gently. 

"Oooohhhh."

She pushed back against my cock.

"OK Steph?"

"Yes Uncle Don. Fuck me. Fuck me hard."

That was all I needed. We slammed into each other. We were both in a frenzy.

"Ohhh. Aaahhh. Yes. Aaaahhh."

I couldn't take it any longer and I let loose my load into her butt. My cock throbbed and throbbed.

"Ooooohhhhhaaaahhhhh."

I fell back on the bed exhausted. Stephanie slid up and kissed me passionately. We kissed and kissed some more. Finally we just cuddled.

"Wow."

"Yeah, wow."

7)

"Oh Uncle Don. Thank you. Thank you so much."

"Stephanie honey, it was my pleasure. There's no need for you to thank me. Thank your mom and your aunt maybe, but not me."

"Oh Uncle Don, this is my best birthday present ever."

I laughed. "Mine too Steph. Mine too."

"Oh yeah, your birthday was just a few days ago wasn't it?"

"Yep, Ellen and Carolyn told me not to plan anything for this weekend because they had a special gift for me. You really are special Stephanie."

"They said basically the same thing to me. They kept their secret well. I had no clue."

"Me either Steph, not until you showed up here."

"Oh Uncle Don, why can't I find a man like you? You're perfect."

"Whoa Steph, I'm not perfect. Look at my belly."

"Oh Uncle Don, you still look sexy. Trust me. I see women checking you out all the time."

"Really?"

"Yes Uncle Don. Of course then they see Aunt Ellen and Mom hanging all over you and then they look elsewhere."

I laughed. "That's a good thing honey. Your mom and your aunt are almost more than I can handle."

"Oh that's not true Uncle Don. You really are perfect. I remember both Mom and Aunt Ellen complaining about their previous boyfriends all the time. I've never heard them say a bad thing about you ever."

"It's the ladies who are perfect Stephanie, not me. Trust me."

"But Don, I've had 6 or 7 long term boyfriends since I went away to University and none of them can even come close to you."

"Oh, come on Steph. Give me a break."

"I'm serious Uncle Don. Mike was nice like you, but his bedroom skills were seriously lacking. He thought anything remotely connected to my butt was gross."

I grabbed onto Stephanie's ass and slid a finger in. 

"That's hard to believe Steph. This is probably the finest ass in all of the world right here."

I pumped my finger into her slowly.

"Oooohhh God Uncle Don. See what I mean? I've never had a man who could keep me so wound up for so long like you."

"Oh come on Steph. You must have found a young, good looking man who could ring your bell for you."

Stephanie blushed. "Well, my boyfriend before Mike could ring my bell all right. He was a wonderful lover. "

"That would be the lawyer right Steph?"

"Yes Uncle Don. Sean is a lawyer and he could ring my bell all night long."

"So why did you two break up then?"

"Well, the problem with Sean was that he needed more than one bell to ring. In fact he had a whole bell choir."

"Aaahhh, I see. I couldn't imagine cheating on you Steph. You're perfect."

"Yeah well, I still seem to have trouble finding the right guy, so I must not be all that perfect."

We kissed tenderly.

"Oh Uncle Don, Mike was nice like you but he couldn't keep me satisfied. I faked it on a regular basis with him. Sean could fuck. In some ways he fucked better than you, but he was an asshole. I need someone who's nice like Mike and can fuck like Sean. In short, I need a man just like you."
