 Wednesday Night

Eventually I headed over to Ellen's place. She looked at me as I opened the door and then rushed up to me.

"What happened? You like you were hit by a bus."

"More like a train, with two engines named Carolyn and Stephanie," I said.

Ellen's face got red but not in a nice way.

"Tell me more," she said with mounting anger.

"I knocked on the door at 5:30 like usual. They were both there. Carolyn dragged me to the bedroom and I fucked her ass until I came. Stephanie was really horny and so they blew me together. Then I fucked them both pretty good for another 20 minutes or so."

I wasn't sure if Ellen was angry with me or not. I was all set to argue with her if she was, but thankfully she was angry at Carolyn and Stephanie. She stomped out of her apartment. She came back in 15 minutes or so.

"I can't believe them," she said. "That won't happen again, trust me. I tore a strip out of them but good. Your 5:30 constitutional is strictly a one-cum affair from now on. Got it?"

"Got it," I said thankful that she let me off easy. 

We had dinner and Ellen was still upset. She kept on venting about Carolyn and Stephanie.

"Honey, I need to pick up some stuff from my apartment OK? I'll be back in a bit."

"Yup, no problem, see ya soon."

My apartment felt more like a foreign country than home. I gathered up some clothes and a few random things and was about to leave, when I noticed the light flashing on my answering machine.

Eventually I was back at Ellen's and her mood had improved. She smiled warmly at me when I walked in and gave me a kiss. I was distracted though. 

Not long afterwards I muttered to myself, "Fucking bitch."

Ellen glanced at me. 

"Did I just hear what I thought I heard?"

I looked at her and I was almost surprised she was there.

"Oh, sorry, not you honey, my ex wife."

Ellen sighed with relief. 

"What happened?"

"She left two messages on my answering machine, but I better start at the beginning.

Lorraine and I met in university. We were very happy together. I graduated and got a job in a nearby city. She had one more year of school left. We did the long distance relationship thing for that year. We spent every weekend together. It wasn't long before we were happily married. We had 5 or 6 wonderful years. Then we decided to try for a child, and then the problems started to come. We could never get pregnant. We saw the specialists. My active sperm count was low. They had some suggestions, but Lorraine wanted to have her baby naturally. The marriage got stale. I was still in love with her, but I didn't show it much. Eventually she dropped a bomb on me. She said we were done. I took it hard. I begged her to stay with me. She refused. She said some nasty things. I was devastated. We had been physically faithful to each other throughout the whole marriage, but I guess Lorraine was planning for the next step for a while. 

After we split, some guy from another state showed up within a week. She had been talking with him online. They got married almost the day after the divorce papers were dry. I had a couple of rough years. I was depressed. I wasn't myself at all. Lorraine and her new hubby tried for a child but she still couldn't get pregnant. Her new man turned out to be a slob and they split after a couple of years. She's now living in another city, so I'm not really sure what went on with her, but she says that she went through a faze where she was fucking random guys that she met in bars. Still no baby. Anyways, when I called her back tonight, she said I was by far the most wonderful man she had ever met and she begged me to take her back. When I said no, she flipped out. She called me a traitor and tried to get me on a guilt trip. What a fucking bitch. "

"You're not tempted at all?" said Ellen with a worried look.

I reached out and pulled Ellen to me and kissed her passionately.

"You are the best thing that's happened to me in years, maybe ever. All I think about is how wonderful you are. Lorraine doesn't have a chance. Trust me. She said and meant too many hurtful things to me on her way out, and now she expects me to drop everything and rush back to her? What a fucking bitch."

"Well, you seem to be sure that she is a fucking bitch," said Ellen with a smile.

"Yeah, sorry, I will try and calm down. It just burns me that she was surprised I said no. She actually expected me to drop everything for her."

"Well, maybe this will help you feel better honey. Let's list the number of women that think you are wonderful shall we? There's me, Carolyn, Stephanie, Lorraine and Crystal. Did I forget anyone?"

I blushed. "Not that I can think of off hand, but you are the only one that matters to me on that list. Trust me."

We kissed passionately and headed towards the bedroom. We made love. I'm not even sure what the actual mechanics were. I was lost in Ellen's eyes the whole time. After we were done, I couldn't hold back any longer.

"I love you Ellen. I love you with all my heart." 

She broke down crying.

"I love you too," she said with tears of joy streaming down her face.

It was an emotional time for both of us. We kissed passionately for a while longer and then drifted off to sleep.

As I left work the next day, I had the feeling that I was being watched. I didn't see anyone though, so I shrugged it off and headed to our apartment building. I knocked on Carolyn's door. She answered in her 'slut shorts'. The camel toe was beckoning to me. I was instantly sporting a raging hardon. She pulled me inside and kissed me passionately. 

"I'm so horny, I need a Donnie special and I need it now."

"Always happy to oblige a lady," I leered and then I rubbed her cunt through the shorts. 

"Oooooooh yesssssssss. Let's just do this in the living room shall we?"

She was already sopping wet, so we went straight down business. I pounded into her cunt for ten minutes or so.

"Ohhhhhhhhh, fuck ya, hit me, just like that, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh."

I slowed down and spread her gorgeous ass open and then spit into her anus. She looked back at me hungrily and then I switched holes.

"Ohhhhhhhh Yesssssssss. Do it. Fuck me. Oh god, Oh my god!!!"

After about 3 or 4 minutes of furious ass pounding I couldn't take it any more. I pumped a large load into her ass.

"You sure do know how to treat a lady," she said.

Eventually I headed over to Ellen's and she had just got in before me.

"Hi honey, how'd it go next door?"

"Just Carolyn today, I slammed her ass good."

"I'll bet you did," Ellen smiled and gave me a lingering kiss.

Then someone was knocking on our door.

Ellen answered. 

"I saw you in the hall earlier. Do I know you?"

I followed her and I couldn't believe my eyes.

"Ellen, this is my Ex Wife, Lorraine. Lorraine, this is my girlfriend Ellen."

"May I come in?" asked Lorraine.

Ellen nodded doubtfully and let her in. Lorraine had put on a few pounds since the last time I saw her. Her face was still very pretty, but she was now much too curvy to be attractive. Lorraine gave Ellen a long look and obviously was not happy with what she saw. Ellen was 13 years younger than her and had a sexy slim body. She was definitely jealous of Ellen.

"Wow, Don, how did you manage to snag a young thing like her??"

"I'm not sure, but we are both very happy together right now, thank you very much."

Ellen and I kissed passionately just to show off.

"Then why were you fucking the neighbour a few minutes ago?" She said with a mean look. 

She was obviously trying to shock Ellen and split up the happy couple. 

Ellen's mouth dropped open and then she almost started to smile, but then she got her expression under control and said, "Just one minute, I'll be right back."

After Ellen left Lorraine asked, "So were you fucking around on me too?"

I was just about to answer when Ellen rushed back in, dragging Carolyn behind her.

Then Ellen said, "Lorraine, I would like you to meet my sister Carolyn."

Lorraine gave Carolyn a look and again she didn't like what she saw. Carolyn was younger than her and in much better shape. Then Carolyn walked over to me and gave me a passionate kiss. 

"Thanks for fucking my ass earlier. It hurts so good."

Lorraine's eyes popped.

"No problem honey," I said with a grin as I massaged her ass.

Then Ellen stepped out for a just a second and dragged in Stephanie.

"Lorraine, this is my niece Stephanie."

Lorraine gave Stephanie a quick once over and nodded her head doubtfully. She wasn't clear at all why Stephanie was here. Then Stephanie ran right up to me and gave me a passionate kiss.

"I can't wait until you fuck me again Uncle Don."

"I'm looking forward to it myself," I said with a grin as I massaged her ass.

Lorraine looked like she was about to faint. Then Ellen came up to me and gave me a passionate kiss.

"I love you Don."

"I love you too Ellen," I said with a grin as I massaged her ass.

Then Ellen turned to Lorraine,"Don here is the most wonderful, considerate, passionate man that I have ever met. When I saw that my dear sister needed a good loving man, I agreed to allow him to help her out. Then I found out that my niece had never had a good sexual experience, so I asked Don to teach her about sex. He wasn't sure that was a good idea. Both Carolyn and I had to work hard to convince him to do it. Now we are all happily sharing him because we all realize how lucky we are to have him."

Lorraine started to cry.

Ellen continued, "I can't imagine how it was for you to have him all to yourself with no worries about him ever cheating. And I really can't imagine how you would ever discard him. You really must be a selfish bitch."

Lorraine lost it then and she was bawling. My hatred for Lorraine almost totally disappeared. It all switched into pity.

"I know, I know. I hadn't had much experience before I met Don. I thought the grass was greener on the other side. I never found anyone who could measure up. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry."

She was a total wreck.

"Maybe, when you meet another nice guy, you'll appreciate him more," I said.

Eventually we sent Lorraine on her way back home. Shortly thereafter Carolyn and Stephanie gave me a quick kiss and they left as well.

"Sorry about that honey. I can't believe she was spying on me," I said.

"No worries hun. I can see why you fell for her. She has a beautiful face."

"Yeah, and she was 40 or 50 pounds lighter when I met her. All the curves used to be in all the right places."

Ellen laughed and then caught herself and became more serious.

"The last few years must have been rough on her."

"Well, I'm sorry to say it but she deserved some rough years. I guess I don't hate her quite so much anymore. Hopefully she finds a nice guy and leaves me alone."

We kissed each other for a few minutes and then she looked at me.

"Uncle Don, huh?" She said referring to what Stephanie had called me.

"Yeah, she started calling me that. Do you mind?"

"No, not really. It sounds kinda nice actually," She said with a smile.

"It does have a certain ring to it," I said and then we kissed some more. 

"In case I forgot to mention it earlier, I love you Ellen."

"I love you too Don. I love you so much."

I know it sounds sappy, but that's where we were right then. We couldn't get enough of each other. As we kissed some more my hand worked its way to her pussy and I started rubbing it through her slacks. She was wiggling her hips and pressing up against my fingers. 

"We're starting early tonight are we?" She asked.

"I can't wait to get my hands on your naked butt. Does that make me evil?"

She smiled almost beatifically.

"Nope, just even more adorable."

And then she walked ahead of me to the bedroom with the sexiest wiggle I have ever seen. I rushed up behind her and grabbed her ass roughly. She giggled. Our clothes came off in no time. I was thrusting into her as hard as I could within seconds.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, yesssssssss, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

After a few minutes she came violently. I was still rock hard. Eventually, she got on all fours and I licked all up and down her ass. She was wiggling and moaning again. I spread her cheeks wide and then spit in her anus. She looked back at me with a loving look. There was no sign of rejection there, so I mounted up and pounded into her ass. 

"Mmmmmmmppppppphhhhhh. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh fuck. Ohhhhhhhh yesssssssssss."

After a good 10 minutes of furious pumping I came and came. I collapsed. Eventually Ellen turned and looked at me.

"Wow."

"Yeah, Wow," I replied.

I knocked on Carolyn's door the next day after I finished up work.

Stephanie answered and flew into my arms. 

"Uncle Don, we finally get to do it again!" 

I kissed her and grabbed her ass. She pushed right up against me.

"It was only two days ago Steph," I said.

"Yeah, but mom was there last time. This will be our first time alone where I am ready to go from the get go."

"I never thought about it that way. You're right. Let's head to your bedroom shall we?"

She rushed on ahead of me. Her long legs were pumping furiously. I was in the mood to play with my new 18 year old sex-toy. She had already removed most of her clothes and I followed suit. We kissed passionately and I slid my fingers up into her pussy. She was drenched.

"Let's try something new this time? OK?"

"Sure, you're the teacher, I'm the pupil," She said with a smile.

"You ever done any horseback riding Steph?"

"Nope, but I am willing to try Don riding," she quipped.

I lied down on the bed with my cock standing straight up.

"Hop on then."

"Which way?"

"Either way, we can try both."

She faced me and positioned her cunt above my cock and slid herself onto me.

"Ooooooooohhhhhhh."

"Now lean back and put your hands between my legs on the bed to brace yourself and bounce a little."

She got comfortable and then started riding.

"Ahhhhhhh."

I played with her clit as she rode.

"Ohhhhhh my god." 

When she got tired of riding, I said, "OK now, lean forward and just rotate your butt."

Her hard eraser nipples were now within my grasp. I licked and slobbered all over them while twisting them with my fingers.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

Then I bucked up into her from below pretty hard for a while.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh."

"Ok see if you can keep us locked together and switch around to face away from me."

She complied.

"Go ahead. Ride it."

She bounced up and down for a few minutes. I was grabbing her ass the whole time and rising up to meet her.

When she tired, I suggested, "You can just rotate your hips for a while honey."

I spread her ass cheeks wide and stuck a finger in her anus for the first time.

"Ooooohhhhhh, Aaaaaaaaaah."

I started pumping my finger in and out while bucking my cock up into her cunt and she started bouncing again.

"Ohhhhhhh yesssssssssss."

I was ready for some serious slamming, so I pushed her off me, and stood up. My rock hard cock was standing at attention.

She looked at me.

"Uncle Don, I know my mom liked it when you fucked her ass, but I don't think I'm ready for it yet. You're not disappointed in me are you?"

"Don't worry honey, I wasn't expecting that today. Your mom only had one bad experience with it before last week, and Ellen never did it at all before last week, so even if you wait a few years, you'll be way ahead of them."

She smiled, "Ok what next then teach?"

"Just lay back and spread your legs honey."

She assumed the position and I mounted up. We kissed passionately for a bit and then I started thrusting harder and harder.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Fuck, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Yeahhhhh."

I threw all caution to the wind and slammed her hard.

"OOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

I pumped for all I was worth for 10 minutes or so. She might have passed out in there somewhere but I wasn't really paying attention anymore, I was just slamming into her as hard as I could. Eventually I pulled out and spewed my cum all over her.

She looked up at me with puppy dog eyes.

"Wow," She said.

"Yeah, Wow," I replied.

I headed back to Ellen's. She had just got home. 

"How was your day honey?" She asked.

"Work was same old story, same old song and dance. Stephanie and I just had a lot of fun together though."

"I'll just bet you did." She laughed and gave me a warm kiss.

"So what's the plan for tonight? Wanna go out for a nice fancy dinner?"

"That would be nice, sure, but as long as we are together I'm good with anything," she replied.

"Let's go out. I'm dying for surf and turf."

"You really do like steak and shrimp don't you? Is it really only a week since we met at Ponderosa?"

"Yup, just a week, but this has been the best of week of my life by far. No contest."

"Me too." 

We kissed passionately.

Ellen squeezed herself into a slinky dress again. I gave her an obvious ogle and licked my lips with a leer.

Ellen laughed and said, "I thought you were hungry for steak, not sex."

"I am now officially hungry for both, but let's go out. I just hope you don't mind if I drool too much while I'm staring at you."

She laughed and said, "Should I bring a hanky honey?"

Dinner was pricey, but it was worth it. The waitress was gorgeous and she flirted continuously with both of us. Her name was Ashley and she was a pale blonde. She must have been 24 or 25. She almost looked like she had never been outside.

"You know what honey? I think Ashley is hotter for you than she is for me," I said.

"You mean, you think she's angling to take us both to bed?"

"Let's just say, I don't think she could say no if you were the one who was asking."

Ellen looked at me speculatively.

"Is that what you want?"

"Ellen, I want whatever you want. If that idea turns you on then go for it. I would love to watch you two have some fun together. But, if that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, then don't even think about it. I will be quite happy if we are alone together in bed tonight. That just means I get to spend more quality time with the woman I love. I'm just letting you know that I think she's really gung ho for you."

"You keep surprising me Don. Just when I think you can't be any better, you go and say things like that."

We leaned over the small table and kissed passionately.

"Hey guys, none of that in here," said Ashley with a saucy smile as she arrived at the table again.

"Sorry," I said with a blush.

"No problem, I was actually enjoying watching you two, but my boss would not be happy if he saw it."

"You were enjoying it were you," said Ellen with a flirty look.

Ashley flushed very red. Even her neck and shoulders got some color. Then Ashley turned to me. 

"You really caught a live one with her, you lucky dog."

"I know, I know, I thank my lucky stars every day that she decides to put up with me."

"Well, just so you know Ashley, I also thank my lucky stars that Don here is with me. We won't be apart any time soon if I can help it," said Ellen.

"Well, I must say, you do make a wonderful couple. I'm just not sure if I'm happy for you or if I'm jealous as hell," and then she giggled prettily.

Dinner was great, and both Ellen and I flirted with Ashley mercilessly. She was so cute when she blushed. But eventually we left and there was no mention of Ashley coming home with us. When we got home, I pulled Ellen to me roughly and kissed her hard. 

"You are always hot, no matter what you're wearing. But I swear, your body was made for the slinky dress." And then my hands were all over her ass.

Ellen was getting very worked up and we rushed to the bedroom.

"How do you do it? I am literally dying to be ravished right now."

"One ravishment coming up."

And then I ripped the dress off forcefully.
