 I must have dozed off. Because I woke up a little disoriented. I had my arms around a beautiful woman. My chin was resting on the top of her head, and I was spooning her. My crotch was pressed right up against her back side. I glanced at the clock next to the bed. Yep, I had dozed off for at least an hour. It was still before midnight, but we had just had a marathon sexual session and I guess my body decided it needed some rest.

I whispered into Ellen's ear. "Hey there, are you awake?" 

She released herself from my arms and turned to look at me.

"Yep, I'm awake. Have a nice nap?"

"I guess so, sorry about that, I suppose that's what happens when you hook up with an old man like me."

"Don't beat yourself up Don, after sex like that, you can nap for a week, as long as you promise you will make love to me again."

"Hmmmm, I don't know, I think an hour or so is preferable to a week, don't you?"

and then I leaned in to kiss her. The kiss was long and passionate but in a slower more relaxed way. I started kissing down her face 'til I reached her neck and then I spent a good 2 or 3 minutes licking and lightly kissing her neck. She had reached out and found my cock and was lightly stroking it. Again I lowered my lips a bit until I found her nipples. They were hard little nubbins. I nibbled on one nipple and then the other, back and forth, back and forth. My hand had wandered down to her private parts. I slipped my thumb into her cunt while I slipped my index finger up into her ass. She really started to get worked up and she started pumping my cock harder with her hand.

"God, how do you do it?" She asked "I'm almost ready to come for like the 10th time tonight."

I didn't say anything. I just pushed her back onto her back lightly and then positioned myself on top of her. I looked into her eyes again. She looked so vulnerable and beautiful. 

"It's all you babe, you inspire me. I've never been able to keep it up this long before." 

We kissed each other hungrily and I slid my cock into her again.

This time the sex was at a much slower pace. Neither one of us was moving our crotches much at all. We were just pressing hard into each other and keeping up the pressure.

We concentrated more on kissing and it was a beautiful experience.

While we were still locked together, she moved her face away and looked at me.

"You really are a special man. I've never had any sex that is even close to this good before."

"We aim to please." I said with a grin.

Then I pulled out and slapped her knee lightly. I was ready for some doggie and for some serious fucking,

She quickly was on her knees and looking back at me with a loving expression.

I slid my cock into her and started bucking hard. She was responding in just the right rhythm. After about 5 or 10 minutes of bliss we both stopped moving.

With my cock still rock hard inside of her, I spread her cheeks wide.

Eventually I had to pull my cock out of her, because I wanted to lick and chew on her beautiful backside. As I slid my tongue along all over her ass, she moved down and started gobbling my cock. I slipped two fingers into her asshole and started pistoning.

She was thrusting her ass into my fingers while I pounded her mouth with my cock.

I couldn't control myself any longer and spurted a few more drops of come down her throat. We both fell back and lay there exhausted.

Eventually we turned so we could stare into each other's eyes. 

"I could get used to this." I said. 

She smiled back at me and we just enjoyed each other's presence and lightly petted each other.

I must have fallen asleep again, because I woke up with Ellen spooned right up into me.

I glanced at the clock. Yep it was 9 AM. I started stroking her flanks lightly and nibbled on her shoulder. After about 5 minutes of that she started wiggling her butt into my crotch. My cock rose and we could both feel it as it rubbed against her ass. I adjusted my position slightly and my cock was up inside her again. We were still lying on our sides. I grabbed her hips and pulled her back to meet my cock as I nibbled on her neck. We got into a quick rhythm and it wasn't long before I left another load in her belly.

"I think I'd like to wake up like that every morning." I said softly into her ear.

She got up out of bed and smiled at me.

"Have you got a shirt or something I can use for a robe?" I found an old football sweatshirt and handed it to her.

We headed out into the kitchen and I fired up the coffee maker. 

"You want coffee?" I asked

"Yes please" 

Once the coffee was made and we were sipping it she looked at me and said

"It sounds to me like you are hinting that we should head straight to a monogamous relationship. And while I like the way you are thinking, there's just one complication."

My heart was suddenly in my throat. Here's the part where she says she's married or something.

My dread must have shown on my face, because she smiled at me and said

"Don't worry it's nothing as bad as you are thinking. In fact I think you will enjoy your assignment."

I was totally bewildered.

She giggled "Remember my sister, Carolyn?"

"Oh yeah, I had totally forgotten about her."

"I kinda thought you might have." She laughed "Well last night in the girls room we made a deal."

"Wait a second. Did you girls flip a coin or something?"

"Scissors cut paper baby." She yelled and then did a fist pump with a huge grin on her face.

"Wow, two beautiful women are gambling to see who gets to have sex with me first. Who would have believed it?"

"You are sexier than you know" said Ellen "Anyways, before we did that we agreed that both of us would get the chance to be with you if you were up for it. You are attracted to Carolyn aren't you?"

"Of course I'm attracted to Carolyn. She looks just like you."

"Exactly." She laughed.

"But in one incredible evening, you have become very special to me. I don't think I could bear it if you were with another man."

"Oh, no worries on that score." She said "I promise you will be the only man for me. My sister and I will be the only women for you. Deal?"

"Deal." I replied "But are you sure you are ok with that? I can tell her no if that's what you want."

"No, as much as I might want that, a deal is a deal and I promised her that we both would get to enjoy you. Why don't you call her today and arrange to see her tonight. Just let nature take its course. If you are both enjoying each other's company then take her to bed and treat her right. You can even sleep overnight with her if you like. Just don't forget about me." She said with a smile.

"Trust me. I will never forget last night."

She beamed at me. 

"That's the idea."

Eventually Ellen left and I tidied up my apartment thinking I just might be the luckiest man alive.