 Monday morning

The alarm went off and someone was stroking my cock. Carolyn was spooned up against me from behind and she was kissing my neck. Ellen wasn't in bed with us, it sounded like she might be in the shower. I turned around and pushed Carolyn onto her back and slid up into her.

"Good morning my dear."

"Good morning Don, I missed you last night. Please give me a Donnie special."

"One Donnie special coming up."

I pounded into her hard.

"Yesssss, that's the way, fuck me, fuck me hard."

I slammed into her as hard as I could.

"Fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee."

I left my load in her belly.

"Thanks Don, I needed that."

"My pleasure, my love."

She kissed me tenderly. "You are a special man Don. I love you so much."

"I love you too milady."

At lunch that day Crystal and I mutually flirted with each other for a minute or two, but she had lunch with her lapdog, I mean my co-worker.

When I got home at 5:30 I was surprised to find Ashley in the living room. 

"Hi Ashley, where's Stephanie?"

Ashley stood up and walked over to me. She was looking damn fine. Her shorts were skin tight and she had some sort of mini-blouse on that was clinging to her tits very nicely. There was also a lot of pale pale skin on display.

"Hi Don, Stephanie's busy, I'm actually here for you. I'm your constitutional. I hope you're not disappointed."

I licked my lips lasciviously and leered at her.

"How could I be disappointed honey, you look absolutely delicious."

Ashley blushed her full body blush. I pulled her in for a passionate kiss and grabbed onto her ass for dear life.

'HHHhhmmmmm, I'm not sure what magic powers you have, but I just came," she said.

"Let's head to the bedroom shall we?" I replied.

My hands were all over her body as we made our way to the bedroom and she was getting redder and redder. We fell into a 69 and I was licking her cunt like there was no tomorrow. I was pistoning my fingers into her ass furiously. She came again and my face was drenched in pussy juice. We switched positions and kissed each other hungrily while I kneaded her titties. 

"Please fuck me Don. I need your cock inside me."

"With pleasure my lady."

I slid my cock in her missionary style and let her do the most of the work. If things worked out the way I hoped I would be cumming in her ass and I had to be careful not to come too soon. She bucked at me pretty hard and then she came loudly.

"OOOOOOOOOOOooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh."

She looked at me adoringly and kissed me. I tapped her knee and she quickly got on all fours. I spit into her asshole and slid two fingers in. 

Ashley turned around and said, "Stephanie tells me that there is nothing better than the feeling of your cock in her ass. Please be gentle Don. I've never done this before."

I spit into her again and then pushed in.

"OOOOOoooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

"How's that honey?"

Ashley looked back at me. There were tears streaming down her face.

"It huuurts."

I tried not to move my cock in her and caressed and licked her back.

"Just give it a minute or two."

She smiled at me weakly and then moved her ass around a little.

"AAAaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh."

I hadn't even slipped all of my cock into her yet and she was still crying.

I played with her cheeks and she moved around a little more. I pulled out slowly and eased my way back in.

"OOOOOOOOoooooooooooohhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh."

I moved up to kiss her neck and lick her ear. She was moaning and still crying.

"Do you want me to stop honey?" I asked.

She shook her head.

"It's got to get better doesn't it?"

"I'm not sure honey, but every other lady I have tried it with has enjoyed it."

"Go ahead and give it to me then."

I pulled out and pushed in again with more force this time.

"AAAAAAAaaaaaaaahhhhh, slam it into me Don."

Who was I to argue with a lady? I slammed it into her. I stopped worrying about Ashley and pounded her hard.

"AAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

I kept on pounding and pounding and then I left a quart of cum in her ass. I collapsed and then I was surprised to see Stephanie rush up.

"Out of my way Uncle Don," she said.

Stephanie was licking the cum out of Ashley's ass. Stephanie was still off limits. So I grabbed my clothes and left. I wasn't really sure how Ashley was doing at all.

Carolyn was in the living room. 

"How'd it go with Ashley? Did ya get her anal cherry?" she asked with a sexy grin.

"Things were going great and then, yes, I fucked her ass. I'm not sure if she liked it at all. She was crying. Stephanie is in there with her now." 

I must have sounded worried because Carolyn got right up and dashed into the bedroom.

Carolyn came back in a few minutes frowning.

"Ashley is pretty shook up."

I got up to head to the bedroom and try and help. Carolyn pulled me back down.

"You can't help her Don. She needs Stephanie right now."

I was feeling terrible about the whole thing.

Carolyn said, "I had a similar thing happen to me when I was only 19, except the man who took my ass had no empathy for me at all. I was just another notch on his belt. I never saw him again and I never had a girlfriend like Stephanie to look after me. I'm sure you were gentle, weren't you?"

"I didn't do anything differently than I did with you or Ellen or Stephanie, but Ashley was crying after the first penetration. I asked her if she wanted me to stop, but she had heard such glorious things about it from Steph that she asked me to keep going and then she pleaded with me to do it harder. There wasn't much I could do, but I feel so guilty."

Carolyn kissed me tenderly. 

"Don't worry honey. You're not a bad man. Just let it go."

Eventually Stephanie came out and gave me a dirty look.

"Stephanie, I asked her if she wanted me to stop. She said no. Then she asked me to slam it into her. I'm so sorry, but there wasn't much I could do differently."

Stephanie's eyes softened a little but she was still not happy.

"Well maybe, but just so you know, that's the last time you and Ashley will be hooking up together. Don't try and seduce her. It would not go over well at all."

"Can I talk to her? I would like to apologize."

"I don't think that's a good idea right now, Uncle Don. Give her a few days."

"I feel so terrible. I would never want to hurt anyone, especially not a wonderful young lady like Ashley. We were getting along great before this happened."

Stephanie leaned in and kissed me.

"I'll let her know how you feel, maybe it will help."

She left to go console Ashley some more.

Ellen came home and got the lowdown. She saw how I depressed I was and then Ellen and Carolyn put their heads together. They disappeared for a couple of minutes and then Carolyn came back wearing a bathrobe. 

"Come to the bedroom honey, there's something you need to take care of."

She dashed back down the hallway. The bedroom door was closed and I was a little apprehensive. The last time I was in there Ashley was a crying emotional wreck. I almost turned away and then I remembered that Carolyn needed me for something. Steph and Ashley must have moved to Stephanie's room, because when I opened the door, I was presented with two glorious asses. Ellen and Carolyn were on all 4s totally naked and spreading their buttcheeks.

Ellen said, "Come on in Don and close the door. We need you to fuck our asses and we need it now. No foreplay. Just slam it in and slam it hard."

My cock rose automatically and I slammed it into them hard. I took out my frustrations on their asses. Carolyn collapsed and I switched to Ellen. When Ellen collapsed, I switched back to Carolyn again. I have no idea how long this lasted. I just kept pounding into the nearest asshole until my head was clear and my cock was drained of fluids, and then I collapsed.

"Wow," said Carolyn.

"Yeah, wow," said Ellen.

"There oughta be a law," I said.

Ellen came up to kiss me. 

"Are you ok now?" she asked.

"Yeah, I guess. I hope I didn't hurt you two as well?" I said with concern.

Ellen smiled and kissed me.

"I will feel it for a while, but I like the feeling. It's a reminder that you fucked me hard. And, I like to be reminded that my boyfriend feels strongly about me."

"Oh, I feel strongly about you all right." I kissed her forcefully.

"I love you Don. Never be afraid to fuck me hard."

"Message received Captain Ellen. I love you so much." We kissed some more.

"You guys are sickening to listen to sometimes, you know that right?" Carolyn said with a grin.

I leaned in to kiss Carolyn passionately. "Sorry honey, I love you too."

Carolyn laughed. "I love you too Don, but that's not the point. I'm just tired of listening to you and Ellen go on and on."

Ellen smiled and smacked her sister playfully. "Well, I sometimes get tired of listening to you too Carolyn." 

And then she imitated Carolyn.

"Oh my god, yessss, fuck me, Oh Jesus, hit me."

Carolyn blushed and said, "That's different."

I laughed. "Ladies, ladies, you are both beautiful and wonderful in unique ways. Even though some people may think you are clones of each other, I know different, and love you both dearly. Please don't fight, even in fun."

Carolyn and Ellen both leaned in to kiss me at the same time.

Ellen said, "Well I think we both would agree that you are an amazing man, Don. Is that good enough for now?"

"It will have to do," I said with a grin.

I flirted with Crystal the next day at lunch again. She motioned me into a little used hallway and swung her tits at me. They did the jitterbug, and I'm pretty sure she wasn't wearing a bra. They still stood up proudly enough. She really didn't need one. I was very tempted to feel her up but then I remembered Ellen's warning. We headed back into the food court and ate lunch together. She knew she had me riled up and she was enjoying torturing me. 

"I'm really looking forward to tomorrow after work," she said as we were heading back.

"Me too Crystal, me too."

I wasn't all that surprised to see Stella when I got home after work. She was right there at the door waiting and she kissed me passionately before the door was even closed.

I kissed her and massaged her massive tits. She rushed off to the bedroom and I watched her breasts tumble every which way as I followed her.

"Well, Stella, would you mind it too much if I slipped my cock between these for a while," I said while twisting her breasts and nipples roughly with my fingers.

"I was wondering when you were gonna get to fucking my tits. I'm all yours to play with Don. You can do whatever you want to me."

I slid my dick between her mountains and then kneaded and mashed her breastflesh furiously. I was slamming my cock hard into her chest and it felt great. I had been thinking about taking her ass again, but this felt too good to stop. I just kept ramming and mashing. Stella settled in for the long haul. 

"Give it to me Don. Slam your cock into me. Don't hold back."

I spewed my spunk all over her tits and her face. I hadn't touched Stella's cunt at all since I got home, but I could smell her juices flowing. I'm guessing she came at least once.

Stella smiled at me sexily and licked up as much of the cum as she could off of her breasts. I felt a little guilty about the state of her pussy so I licked her a few minutes until she showered me with cum. I was tempted to slam my cock up her ass, but I remembered my rule. One cum per constitutional.

I moved up to kiss her and Stella was almost crying. "I can't help it Don, I think I love you."

"Stella, Stella, I care for you and I want to see you happy, but I love Ellen & Carolyn and that's all I can handle. I'm sorry."

A few tears leaked out and she kissed me.

"I know Don, and Ellen is my best friend. I could never try and steal you anyways."

I kissed her some more and escorted her out. 

Ellen and Carolyn and I had a nice night together. We talked about anything and everything in bed for a couple of hours or so. They are both intelligent beautiful women and I felt truly blessed to have them as my girlfriends. I would be blessed to have either one of them, but to have them both at once? I tried to communicate some of my feelings to them. 

They both smiled and then Carolyn said, "Don, Don, both Ellen and I thank our lucky stars that we are with you. There's no need to feel guilty."

We had a leisurely three way lovemaking session. Ellen and Carolyn kissed each other just as much as I kissed them. In the end they double teamed my cock and I came in Carolyn's mouth. Some of my cum leaked out but Ellen had it licked up in no time.

"I am officially the luckiest man alive," I said.

The next day at lunch Crystal just gave me a sexy grin and said, "I hope you ate your Wheaties big boy," and then she had lunch with my co-worker.

When I got home after work Crystal was in the living room and she was in a black negligee. Damn she looked hot. She dashed off to the bedroom ahead of me and I watched her magnificent body move. 

"How do you want me?" she asked.

I pulled her to me and kissed her hard. I slid my finger into her cunt and she was already dripping. 

"Doggie, I guess."

She assumed the position and I slammed right into her.

"OOOOOOOOooooooooohhhhhh yeah, that's what I've been wanting. Fuck me Don. Fuck me hard."

I slipped my thumb in her ass and pounded her hard. Her tits were pistoning back and forth like crazy. She was yelling and screaming for me to fuck her harder. I slowed down and spit into her butthole. She looked back at me and her expression was filled with lust. 

"Yessss Don, slam my ass. Fuck it hard."

I pounded into her butt as hard as I could for as long as I could and then I left a large load in her ass. Carolyn came out of nowhere and licked the cum out of Crystal's ass.

"You guys are so hot," she said.

Crystal pulled down Carolyn's shorts and started licking her. They quickly switched into a 69 and they both came and came. Finally the ladies looked at me. I was pretty much rock hard again. They glanced at each other sexily and then double teamed my cock. Both of these ladies are very talented cocksuckers let me tell you. 

Carolyn said, "I know the rule is one cum per constitutional and Crystal's had hers already, so you can't fuck her again sorry. You will just have to settle for my ass."

Carolyn assumed the position and I rammed it right up into her.

"OOOoooooooooohhhhhhh, fuck ya, hit me stud, fuck me, oh God, oh Jesus."

I pounded her and pounded her some more.

"AAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

I came in her ass and collapsed.

"That was a good one," Said Carolyn with a smile.

"Wow," said Crystal.

"Yeah, wow," I replied.

We snuggled together for a bit and then Crystal left.

Ellen, Carolyn and I had a nice dinner and then hung out for a while.

Carolyn said to Ellen, "Honey, I sort of cleaned up the mess after Crystal's constitutional today, and then Don fucked my ass really hard. I'll just be a spectator tonight OK. He's all yours."

"So you sucked the cum out of Crystal's ass did you?"

Carolyn blushed beet red. 

"They were so hot, I couldn't resist."

Ellen leaned in and kissed Carolyn passionately. 

"It's OK honey, I understand."

Ellen was fired up now and her eyes were dancing. She looked at me to make sure she had my attention and then she did her exaggerated wiggle towards the bedroom. I launched out of my chair and grabbed her ass. She giggled merrily and pulled away from me. I had her naked in no time and I slammed up into her.

"Mmmmmmpppfffff."

"You are so goddamned sexy woman," I said and then I slammed into her some more.

"Ohhh Don, ahhhhh, fuck me."

I couldn't hold on for very long and I came in her belly and collapsed. Carolyn rushed in to lick the cum away.

Ellen smiled at me. 

"Thank you kind sir."

"It was my pleasure milady."

Carolyn said, "So tomorrow is August 1st Don. Stephanie has been driving us all crazy begging to get you sooner. Make sure you give her a good one."

"That won't be a problem," I said with a grin.

I came home after work and Stephanie launched herself into my arms. 

"Uncle Don, it's been so long." 

I grabbed her ass for the first time in a week or so and kissed her.

"Nobody hiding in the closet this time Steph?" I asked.

She blushed and ran off to her bedroom. I watched her long legs move and picked up the pace to try and catch up.

"Get your hard cock in to me my right now Uncle Don, no foreplay."

I slammed my cock into her hard. She bucked at me and came right away.

"Yeeeeeessssssssssssssss, you're so much better than a dildo Uncle Don."

I smiled at her and kissed her. 

"I hope so my dear."

She was thrashing her cunt against me again and she came again in a minute or two. I just let her bounce around as I massaged her breasts. She got tired and I licked and tweaked her nipples. She kissed me and pulled away and got on all fours.

She said, "OK Uncle Don, get that cock of yours in my ass. I need it bad."

I spit into her butthole and then slammed in. I pounded her for all I was worth.

"Aaaahhhhhhhhh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeee."

It wasn't long before I lost my load in her ass. My cock kept throbbing and throbbing and more cum poured out.

Stephanie leaned in to kiss me passionately and her eyes were watering. 

"Oh Uncle Don, I wish I were older or you were younger or something. I want you to fuck me every night for ever and ever."

I kissed her tenderly.

"Steph, Steph, you need to move on from me. I thought you and Ashley had something special?"

"Oh Ashley is great Uncle Don. We will be friends for ever and probably still hook up on a regular basis, but I need a man. I need someone to fill me up. I need you."

"It just wasn't meant to be that way. Sorry Steph."

She nodded her head and kissed me hard. 

"I love you Uncle Don."

After Stephanie left I pondered our whole situation. Things were getting out of control.

After we had dinner and Steph went off to her room, I looked at Ellen and Carolyn. 

"Ladies, we need to have a serious talk." 

Carolyn and Ellen looked at each other and then they both turned to me with fear in their eyes.

"I still love you both more than anything. That will never change."

They looked relieved but they both were still wondering what the heck was so important.

"This constitutional thing has got to stop."

Ellen and Carolyn sighed with relief and then Ellen said "It's fine Don. We've got it under control."

I thought about it seriously some more.

"I don't know ladies. Carolyn, you remember what it felt like when it hit home to you that we were just fuck-buddies. You were a wreck."

Carolyn and Ellen both looked stricken. 

"Why'd you have to bring that up again Don?" asked Ellen.

"Because I see some of the same early warning signs happening with Stella and Stephanie. I don't want to see them hit rock bottom and then not be able to help them."

Ellen replied, "You really think Stella is in danger of falling into depression like that?"

"I do honey, you said yourself she went all misty eyed in our last session. That is not the sign of someone who is there to just be a fuck-buddy. She wants more, and I won't be able to give it to her. I think it would be much cleaner to end our hook-ups now."

Ellen nodded her head. "I guess you are right, Stella is off the list."

Carolyn said, "You mentioned Stephanie. You really think it could happen with her as well?"

"Ladies, Stephanie was very clingy after our session today. She told me that she loved me and that she wanted me to fuck her every night. I tried to deflect her emotions but she reiterated them. I'm worried she will fixate on me and never reach her true potential. Now that Ashley is in the picture, hopefully she can help cushion the blow, because I know Steph will take it hard. But I think things will end up worse if we remain fuck-buddies only."
