 I had downloaded the video from the camera while we were dressing, so it was ready for viewing as soon as we returned. We both were eager to see the recording, but Diane, as might be expected, had mixed feelings – aroused, but fearful at the same time. She accepted my statement that I had no qualms about her activities, but she was afraid that when I actually saw her being screwed, that I might regret what had happened. I suspect that her worries were logical, given the circumstances, but those concerns were quickly eliminated when she saw my reaction to her performance. For me, it was the most unbelievably erotic thing I had ever seen or, really, imagined. It was if the scene in There's A Girl in My Soup had been played out in its entirety rather than being cut off just as the good part was beginning! As we watched it, we were both naked, and my cock was so hard that it hurt. I was afraid to touch it for fear that it would erupt all over the bed. Diane, beside me, had no such fear, and was playing with her cunt almost from the beginning. Any reservations that we had about everything that happened – and I don't know that we had any except for Diane's fears – vanished almost immediately.

The picture started with a view of me leaving the room after setting up the camera. There was the usual blank scene as the camera shut off after movement stopped after I left, followed by Ed Simpkins stepping inside the room. He looked nervous as he looked around before hurrying to the closet furthest from the door and stepping inside and shutting the door behind him. The camera shut down for a moment until the outer door opened and Diane and her mother came in. Diane's head and eyes went immediately to the closet as they continued their conversation. Her mother was saying, "You've had a long day and you're going to be tired tonight. Oh, you look beautiful in that dress! It was a beautiful wedding and the reception has been perfect! I think that you should change into your travelling clothes now. That way I'll be able to help you take your gown off. I doubt that you can get to the zipper."

"Oh, mother, I don't think that I should take that long! It would seem peculiar if the bride wasn't there right to the end!"

"Now, don't be silly! You have to change before you can leave – everyone knows that. Here, let me get your suit out." 

The sound came through very clearly from the camera and I could hear nervousness in Diane's voice as she replied, "Oh, mother, I know that I have to change, but I'll just rest for a few minutes here and then come back out in my gown to see our guests one more time." Of course I knew, as her mother didn't, why Diane wanted to stayed dressed! While she badly wanted Ed to see and feel her breasts, she hadn't thought of him seeing her without her wedding gown. 

However, she was trapped by her mother who, with maternal instincts, wanted her daughter to rest before leaving the reception. "Come on Diane, you're being silly!" Then, with arched brows and a knowing expression, she continued, "I know that Jim will want you to be well rested when you get to the hotel! Now, come over here and let me undo your zipper."

Helpless to explain why she wanted to stay dressed, Diane stood there, a confused and anxious expression on her face. Inexorably, her zipper was pulled down, the dress slipped off of her shoulders, and, very shortly thereafter, she stood there, a delectable figure wearing only her panties, garter belt and hose! Her mother's surprised reaction was, "Why Diane, what happened to your bra?" She accepted, without further questioning, Diane's explanation and that I had it in my pocket. "Well, I knew you had it on at the wedding! It doesn't matter. Your other, 'going away' underwear is in the case there. Here, I'll hang up your gown and pick it up after you're gone." Then, almost giving Diane a heart attack, she opened the closet door, took out a hanger and hung her wedding gown on it, saying, "There's your suit for later." Happily, Ed was in the other closet, otherwise this would have been a very different story.

Diane stood there, half naked, in way over her head, not having any idea of what to do. Surprisingly, however, as she admitted later, her mind was in turmoil, half fearful and thinking that she should get clothes on before Ed came out, the other half excited at the idea of being seen as she was. At that point, doing anything other than permitting Ed to see and feel her was never crossed her mind. Watching the movie with me, lying naked in bed, she said, "I was scared but very hot, and I thought that I would let him really feel me, say that I had to get back to the reception and let him watch me dress! That idea really excited me! Then, mother threw me into a tizzy!"

"It's a good thing that I came up here rather than Jim! Seeing you standing there like that, I don't think that he'd wait till tonight! I think that you need to stay here and rest awhile – I'll tell Jim so he won't wonder where you are. You've talked to everyone already, so relax awhile and then change into your suit and you'll be ready to leave. Here, you just lie down here on this lounge and maybe even take a short nap. It's about 45 minutes before you're scheduled to leave, so don't hurry! Now, don't argue with me! I'll go out and get everything ready for your grand entrance in your beautiful suit. Lock the door behind me – we don't want anyone to walk in and see you like that!"

She left and shut the door behind her. Diane commented, "If I had been dressed, I think I would have run after her! My mind was a complete muddle – I was so aware of being almost naked that the desire to be seen and felt was swallowed up! The idea of another man seeing me like that was incomprehensible! I honestly never even thought of anything but that I didn't want him to see that much of me. I suppose that I was naive, but doing anything more than having my tits seen and felt on my wedding day never occurred to me. If I had had a skirt on, I think that I would have welcomed being alone with him, but I just felt too exposed! Anyway, I was stuck, so we'll see what happened." (Again, her use of the word "tits" was very rare, and it showed her level of excitement.)

Her nervousness was obvious in the picture as she reluctantly walked to the door and turned the lock. There was a long pause as she just stood there, not knowing what to do. Her quandary was ended as the closet door quietly opened as Ed peeked out to see if the way was clear. As his eyes focused on Diane, you could tell that he was almost overcome by the sight. Here he was expecting to have a minute or two, perhaps longer, to pull her dress down and play with her tits. Instead, he saw this beautiful young woman, a new bride, standing there wearing only a pair of very brief and very thin panties. His eyes didn't literally fall out, but even in the picture you could see then open wider as he took in the sight.

It was an awkward moment – neither knowing just what to do – until Ed finally broke out of his trance and came over to her. She just stood there, looking down, still in a trance of her own, as he hesitantly reached up and cupped her tits. It was an unbelievable sight! Her tits had never been seen by another man, much less felt, and there she was, having them fondled and squeezed! Her reaction was just as amazing! Rather than pulling away in shock or maidenly modesty, Diane thrust them forward into his hands! Her downcast eyes now looked up at him, a look of excitement and arousal on her face. Obviously, she welcomed his exploration and made no effort to disguise the fact.

It was the most erotic sight I had ever seen, or, probably, ever will see. My new wife, my bride, standing there with his hands running over her, she clearly and active participant in the scandalous activity. In some way, the panties, garter belt and hose made it more lascivious than if she had been completely naked. I swear I almost went off as I saw his hands roaming over her, first just on her breasts and, gradually, one going down onto her panties. Diane, watching beside me, may actually have done so as her fingers played between her legs. Neither of us said a word as the sex play continued in front of us. 

For me, the whole situation was surreal – I was looking at the equivalent of a porn show which was exciting in itself, but also seeing my new wife ready to have sex with another man on my wedding day! For Diane, she was shocked to see herself being fondled, unbelievably aroused by it, but, in the background, a fear at what was about to happen – fear that I might regret what I was about to see, combined with a bit of inevitable guilt. Still, neither of us could take our eyed off of the screen as the progression toward adultery proceeded.

On the screen, it was obvious that Diane was lost in the throes of sexual excitement. As Ed's fingers ran over her panties, her pelvis pushed forward, increasing the contact. The fingers cupped her public bone, pulling upwards as she surged toward him. His other hand was still on her tit, squeezing it so that the nipple seemed to pop up like a small cock. The position was awkward, still standing, having to stagger a bit to maintain their balance. Spontaneously, they began kissing, open-mouthed, something that Diane normally disliked. However, she eagerly entered into it, and, even on the screen, you could see their tongues probing each other's mouth.

Suddenly, and you could tell when it happened, his fingers found her clit through her panties, causing her knees to bend and her legs to separate. That was too much for their precarious balance, and they almost fell, Ed barely able to hold her up. Putting his one arm around her back while still holding her by her cunt through her panties, Ed managed to move them over to the lounge and they collapsed on it together. The kissing started anew while he really began rubbing her clit, causing her spread her legs and begin humping up in down in wild excitement.

Then, abruptly, he pulled away from her as she lay there, and, grasping the waistband of her panties on each side, he, without opposition, simply pulled them off. There, for the first time as a married woman, Diane was completely naked – but the man looking down at her wasn't her husband! She made no effort to cover herself, and, instead, actually spread her legs, completely exposing her cunt. She lay there, sprawled open, as Ed quickly pulled off his pants and shorts, and came down on her. His cock stuck out like a torpedo, long and hard, as he directed it toward her open cunt. Totally inexperienced, she instinctively pulled her knees up almost to her tits, obviously welcoming his penetration. Then, even more shocking (both to me and to Diane who had no memory of doing it), as his cock came against her cunt without finding the hole, she actually reached down and, taking in in her fingers, she put the head at her opening. Instantly, Ed pushed inward into what was obviously a very wet cunt.

Even so, her opening was unused and the penetration, as we watched it, was slow, a series of short in-and-out jabs, getting in a bit further each time. There was no sign of pain on her face as he worked it in, but the tightness of her cunt prevented a quick entrance. It was mesmerizing, in an unreal way, watching the slow deflowering of my new wife. Both Diane and I stared with unbelievable intensity as the scenario, the taking of her virginity, played out before us. Then, suddenly, the process changed, because, while the in-and-out movement continued, actually getting more rapid, the slow but continual advance into her seemed to stop as if his cock had hit a barrier. It was immediately apparent to both of us that he had hit her hymen! For the first time, she winced a bit and we heard an "ooh!" sound from her. But, significantly, she made no effort to pull back or to avoid what was coming. Instead, she clearly opened her legs wider, raised them higher, and waited for the final step of adultery!

Obviously, Ed knew what he was up against, but there's that old saying, "A hard cock knows no conscience!" Pulling back, he plunged in again, hitting her virginal barrier and, this time, ripping through it. Again, she winced and gave a soft cry at pain as Ed sank completely into her. For the first time, she had a cock sunk deeply into her vagina, complete penetration and the start of her first sexual intercourse. 

The look on her face was fascinating. There was a momentary flash of discomfort as her hymen was broken, but it was very brief and was quickly replaced by what could only be described as a look of lust. Any pain was, obviously, lost in her sexual arousal, and, as Ed began pumping in and out of her cunt, she met every plunge with an upward surge, demonstrating her active participation in the fucking. She was not just lying there being used, an innocent bride being seduced. She was a woman, married only for a few hours, indulging deliberately in adulterous intercourse – and enjoying it immensely! 

As we watched Diane lose her virginity, actually, give up her virginity to another man, it was like looking at a porno movie. We could see the cock, glistening with Diane's lubrication, sliding in and out, pounding against her crotch, a pounding matched by her welcoming upward surges. Their excitement mounted to an unsustainable level and the motions became less controlled as Ed buried himself in her, grinding against her, as he sent blasts of cum deep into her. At the same time, Diane was squirming against him, exploding in orgasm, her mouth open and her face contorted as she climaxed.

There was no end to the fucking at that point, however. The intensity dropped, Ed's strokes into her slowed and became more measured, but he never withdrew. We could see Diane's legs relax somewhat, and her face returned to normal. However, the arousal never subsided the whole way, and it was just a time of renewal. Diane really had no expression except an almost dazed, out-of-it look. She was obviously lost in the experience, not thinking, just experiencing, as the cock slid in and out of her cunt. Actually, Ed had a similar expression on his face – lost in what he was doing and probably not thinking at all. The gradual buildup continued, however, and, shortly, they both returned to the manic state as the cock began more vigorously to fuck her. Ed took on a more intent, strained look as he began to approach his second massive explosion. Similarly, Diane mouth was open as she panted and gasped as she was overcome, again, with what seemed to be a continual orgasm as she bucked her crotch against his. Suddenly, for the second time, Ed reached his climax, welding himself against her and ejaculated into her cunt. 

This time their immediate passion subsided as Ed pulled his somewhat deflated cock from her cunt and slumped down beside her on the narrow chaise. The respite didn't last long as both were still obviously engrossed in an unbelievable sexual situation. His hand roamed over her, cupping and squeezing her tits before running from them down through her cunt hair and exploring between her legs. He began kissing and sucking her nipples, sucking her tits, themselves, marking them with at least a dozen hickeys. We could see his fingers squeezing them, leaving bruises to go with the hickeys. Diane just lay there as he fondled her, still obviously dazed by the situation – just married and lying naked with another man with whom she had just engaged in adulterous intercourse. Then, to my utter shock (and Diane's), I saw her left hand slide down and grasp Ed's cock and begin slowly pumping up and down the shaft, her shiny new wedding ring gleaming as she stroked him. Somehow, seeing that ring brought the word adultery to our minds for the first time, not just unbelievable sex, but adultery! In any case, needless to say, this manual manipulation stoked the fires again and, interestingly, and surprisingly, both seemed to come out of their shocked trance and became consciously aware of the incredible thing they were doing.

We could see Diane's face lose its vague, "out-of-it" expression as realization of what had happened sank in. From the time that she had turned and seen Ed looking at her naked body, it was almost as if she were hypnotized, not making any actual decision. As she said later, the shock had overwhelmed any thought process. She had been ready for a sexual encounter – a much lesser one – and she had been aroused at the prospect. If she had had time to think, things might have been different, but the whole scenario just played out as if planned. Oddly enough, Ed seemed to have the same reaction – shock at the situation and overcome with lust at seeing a lovely woman, a bride, standing there almost nude. It he'd had time to think, he might have been panicked and been overwhelmed by the situation, but he, also, had expected a sexual encounter and any hesitancy, if there was any, vanished. As he got on Diane and took her, his expression was almost beyond description: lustful, incredulous, and, of course, speechless. It would have been astounding, I'm sure, to have read his mind to be able to see if he actually was thinking, "I'm fucking a virgin bride on her wedding day!" I know that the whole experience must have seemed like a vivid dream when it was all over!

Somehow it was very different during that moment of lucidly, both of them aware that they were doing something totally unbelievable. His eyes roamed over her body as he lay beside her, feeling the cunt and tits of the woman he had just screwed. Diane, too, was aware, and we could see her preen; push her tits upward to show herself to her lover, displaying her nude body. Then, as we watched the continuing porno movie, something totally unexpected happened, something, amazingly, Diane hadn't even remembered doing. As he was looking at her and caressing her, her fingers, as said before, found his cock and began stroking it, causing it to begin the process of erection. He already had come twice in a little over one-half hour and, normally, that would have defused his amorous abilities for a time, but the unique circumstances were enough to keep his cock from complete deflation. Suddenly, Ed rose up over her and presented his semi-hard cock to her mouth and, unbelievably, she welcomed it in and began bobbing her head up and down, sucking it until it was fully ready to fuck her again. Pulling out, he moved down on her and kissed her, bringing a quick reaction as she responded with enthusiasm. There was no doubt that she was as involved as he, her body undulating against him, his cock wedged between them, as the kiss continued, 

Then, abruptly, he broke away and pulled back and prepared to mount her again. Without hesitancy, Diane raised and spread her legs, welcoming him as he moved over her again. We had a perfect view of his erect cock poised over her cunt, this time driving deep into her without guidance. Clearly, her opening was distended and wet, making unassisted entry automatic as he penetrated her. They began a frantic fucking session, neither sated in the slightest by their two previous orgasms. He was pounding into her with great vigor with none of the slow buildup one might expect after having his ardor somewhat diminished after coming in her twice. Equally, Diane was squirming and bucking up against him, matching the vigor of his screwing action. It was amazing to see the wild excitement both exhibited as their arousal mounted. The camera didn't show his facial expression, but hers was one of someone completely lost in the throes of sexual pleasure. Finally, the climax was reached and the final strokes were administered as they both reached orgasm. It was at that moment that I knocked on the door!

There was instant shock as the world returned to the couple engaged in adulterous intercourse. From being lost in the rapture of massive orgasms to the reality of being caught en flagrante, Ed almost exploded from the lounge. We could see, clearly, his still spurting cock jerking from Diane's cunt, sending jets of cum onto the lips, into her pubic hair, and, even, onto her stomach. It was like a French farce as he grabbed his shorts and pants and tried to get them on as he staggered, panicked, to the closet. Diane just lay there for a few seconds, her face frozen as she realized, for real, what she had done. She heard her new husband outside the door as she lay, naked and screwed, on the lounge where she had been taken. Shock, horror and guilt were suddenly written on her face as she got up, not even having anything with which to cover her nudity and to visually, at least, hide the signs of her adultery. 
