 I've worked in building security for nearly 20 years, more than half of that time with the law firm I'm currently with. Overall it's been an interesting gig. I mean for those who take an oath to uphold the law, well let's say they leave a lot to be desired. But I digress....Shortly after the September 11th disaster we installed surveillance cameras to patrol the building's parameter as well as the parking garages and elevators. You know it still blows me away how people forget electric eyes are everywhere and the camera never lies. For instance, take a situation I observed a couple of weeks ago.....

Solange, a paralegal from the 5th floor boarded the parking elevator around 7:30 PM. The guys on the security force call her "Sexy Solange." She's built like a brick shit house, with curves to match any sports car, vivacious boobs (God I hope they're real), and an ass that won't quit. She usually wears tight form-fitting skirts, 3-inch heels and blouses that accentuate her cleavage, if you know what I mean. And she speaks with the most alluring South American accent. As my boy Usher would say; "on a scale of 1 to10, she's a certified 20." Anyway, I thought it was a bit odd that she was leaving work so late this particular evening. She's usually out of here at 5 PM sharp. I heard she has a son and very demanding husband who prefers she didn't work because he "requires" her services at home. Even though he's not crazy about her working he accepts it because it helps them maintain their current standard of living. Yeah right....the guy's no fool, he knows she's going places and if he plays his cards right she may take him along for the ride.

Also heading down to the garage, her former boss and junior partner J.T. enters the elevator on 4. He's normally nattily-attired but his charcoal gray Armani suit looks as though he slept in it. Hell, you'd look worn out too after 16 marathon hours on the job. The elevator's lousy lighting only serves to enhance his 5 o'clock shadow, but it's his slouching posture that really gives away the fact that he's frazzled. Glancing up he sees Solange, forces a smile and inquires why she is going home so late. She tells him she's assisting with the Fischer brief and that due to some recent procedural setbacks she and the attorney she is paired with are starting from scratch. No reason to ask J.T. why he stayed late. He always works late, which is why she no longer works for him.

But she asks anyway; "How many hours did you put in today?" 

"The usual", he replies. 

She tells him he looks spent and can't help but add insult to injury by telling him that if he worked better hours she never would have transferred to another department. 

I could tell she always had a thing for J.T. by the way she looks into his eyes when they converse. She looks at him seductively as though she's wondering if he's wearing boxers or briefs and what size the package he's carrying around inside them. J.T. is a real ladies' man himself. Tall, caramel complexion, handsome and extremely ambitious, hence the long work hours. Everyone knows he's going to make partner someday, and Solange would like nothing better than to celebrate the accomplishment with him (all by herself). By the same token, a discerning eye can see that J.T. also fancies Solange even though he always maintains a professional air in her presence, particularly since she previously reported to him. God knows he can't afford any sexual harassment suits. It wouldn't look good if the top ranking brother in a lily-white law firm in downtown Charlotte made the papers with some negative press. Let's face it, she's beautiful, and smart too! I recall how impressed he was after interviewing her for an opening on his paralegal staff. It still blows him away that she immigrated to the states a little over decade ago, learned the English language, put herself through college, and is now working on her law degree. 

Hell that would be impressive for most from where he sits. Most of her story sounds a lot like the road he took to success, all except for the immigration and learning English part. Hmmm maybe they are two of a kind after all.... 

They continue to converse as they exit the elevator, however, Solange seems to hastens her pace and walks a few feet ahead him. Puzzled, J.T. stops in mid stride and scratches his head as if he's wondering to himself what the hell she is up to. Without warning, she bends over slightly, pulls her panties off and sling shots them so they hit him squarely in the face. He's speechless, stunned and like me, he's got to be aroused! 

As he stands there with his mouth wide open, she looks over to him and says; "Hey Boss what are standing there for?"

He slowly takes her panties from his mouth all the while savoring the scent of her womanhood and clutching them tightly in his hand. He walks slowly toward her as she opens the sliding door to her van. He asks what happened to her passenger seats, she just smiles slyly. He notices they were removed and replaced with floor pallets that have a nice comfortable look to them. Adjusting the garage camera, I see Solange hand gesturing for him to get in and he does. Still in a daze, he simply gazes into her eyes. 

She breaks the silence as she moves closer to him, and looking into his eyes she whispers; "I'm yours for 2 hours anyway you want me." 

Now he looks stunned as though he can't believe his ears. I guess Solange really is going to find out if he wears boxers or briefs and the size of the package he carries around after all. Hell, it's only fair J.T. already knows she wears a thong!! 

Outwardly he appears calm as though he's done this a million times. His frazzled look has disappeared momentarily, and I'm sure under the circumstances his heart is beating like a drum. She gently cups the sides of his face and kisses him gently. He tells her he recognizes the scent of her Victoria's Secret hand lotion and how it always had a calming affect on him. She smiles as her lips meet his once again. She's wearing an ankle-length cotton-wool blend navy skirt with a long slit up the side, 3-inch pumps, and a light blue twin set that barely secures her vivacious breasts. He reaches up her skirt and touches her inner thighs and then her clitoris. She's wet and he can't resist tasting her, but instead she takes his index finger and licks it slowly much to his surprise! Not one to be outdone, he touches her clit again and smiles as he licks his fingers. For three years he wondered what she tasted like and now he knows the best is yet to come. 

He smiles at her as she reaches for his manhood. They kiss again while he simultaneously helps her out of her sweater, blouse and bra. At last her breasts are revealed, and they're beautiful! He looks unsure as if he can't decide whether to lick them, suck them, or fuck them! But outwardly he remains calm. He removes his pants and says to her; "I want to toss your salad." 

She pulls her skirt up around her waist so that her firm, café au lait tanned ass is in his face. He puts his tongue in her ass and licks her as she moves closer to catch every stroke of his hot tongue. From nowhere she pulls out a vibrator and playfully mimicking Scar face says; "say hello to my little friend."

Undaunted, he continues to lick her ass and fingers her wet pussy while she stimulates her clit. She's getting wetter as their rhythm gets more intense. She sighs and moans and utters something in Portuguese. Their pace intensifies, as she begins to flex her vaginal muscles and her pussy tightens all to his delight. He knows she's close to an orgasm. She looks at him and says; "I can't wait to have you inside of me." 

He tells her he can't wait for her to orgasm so he can lick her cum-soaked pussy. Almost instantly she tightens up and says to him in Portuguese and again in English that she's having an orgasm. He can tell that this is a good one as she momentarily is out of breath and her skin is moist with perspiration.

J.T. has got to be feeling good now. I know he's anxious to get inside of her, but Solange has other plans. She knows that once he ejaculates there may be a refractory period and she wants to savor every minute because their 2-hour window is dwindling. She slides off her skirt, grabs his stiff dick and puts it in her mouth. She begins to drive him wild with excitement as she strokes him and fondles his balls and ass. She's obviously in control now and even though he can't wait to feel her pussy around his shaft he allows her to take control, because he knows it's just a matter of time. She can tell he's about to cum so she slows down just enough, but not too much. Finally she looks at him and says; "I want to take a ride."

Slowly she mounts his rock hard dick cowgirl style. She goes all the way down his shaft then back up again. She continues this slowly, but surely. Their eyes meet and they kiss passionately. He grabs her breasts and sucks them like a starving baby. Her nipples are as hard as his dick and he knows she's aroused. He tells her to take a ride reverse cowgirl style and without another word she obliges, her eyes half open as if she were in a hypnotic state. He finds her little friend and tells her to stimulate her clit with it some more, and she does. Their rhythm intensifies; she tightens her pussy around his dick as she moves up and down, up and down. 

She closes her eyes and whispers "yes, yes" as she has another orgasm, not like the first one, but nevertheless a good one. Now she can tell he's about to explode inside of her. She looks around to him and says; "I want to taste your cum, all of it." 

He says; "anything for you my Queen." She continues to move up and down, up and down, up and down in semi-rhythmic fashion... He whispers to her he's about to cum. She slowly dismounts his stiff rod all the while holding his manhood in her hot-little hand. She puts the tip of her tongue on the head of his dick and teases it while she strokes it with her hands. He starts to breathe faster and faster, then tightens up and lets out a huge load of love juice all over her mouth and tits. She sucks him dry, her eyes never leaving his. They kiss passionately and she falls into his arms. 

They lay there winded but obviously fulfilled. Hmmm, they just made a memory worthy of repeating. A check of his watch shows they have less than an hour to spend together. He kisses her neck and fondles her breasts and says;" how about dessert?" 

She touches his dick and notices its getting hard again and replies; "there's always room for dessert." 

Ah yes there's always room for dessert! But with the clock running down he's probably wondering if there's enough time to have his cake and eat it too. He muses over dinner, and tells her the appetizers were scrumptious and the entree' was delectable. He glances at his watch, only 30 minutes before Solange has to leave and her husband puts out an APB...."What the hell, not only is there room for dessert, I'll take the time to enjoy it too", he says with a smile. "Tell me, do you know what a cream pie is?" He asks inquisitively.

She smiles curiously and says; "I'm not sure." He tells her it's when a man cums in either your pussy or ass and watches the hot jizz ooze out. "Oh, is that what it is? Hmmm slang, I keep learning new ones from you", she says. He whispers to her that he wants a bunda cream pie deluxe. Seductively she says; "anything for you my Prince." He reaches for a pillow and props up her butt so her pussy and ass are right in his face. His dick is rock hard again and she massages baby oil all over it. He lubes his middle and index fingers and starts to penetrate her ass. Her pussy lips are cum-soaked and still engorged from dinner and he can't resist licking them. He knows they're sensitive right now, so he takes his time going slowly, using delicate licking strokes. She closes her eyes, while still clutching his manhood firmly in her grasps. He continues to finger fuck her ass and she strokes his dick in perfect rhythm. He's getting excited again and like a psychic she reads his mind and moves his shaft closer to her butt. 

He smiles to himself while removing his fingers. "Damn you're good" he whispers to her as she puts his manhood inside her tight little hole. He strokes her slowly but deliberately, then closes his eyes and loses himself in the moment......She tells him how much she likes a stiff dick in her ass and that her husband barely satisfies her anal urges anymore. Hearing this, I realize J.T. is not in uncharted territory, but I'd bet good money he's in a place where only a few select men have gone before him..... He continues to long-stroke her...In and out, in and out until their rhythms are in total sync. From the corner of his left eye he spots her little friend and hands it to her. Intuitively she knows exactly what to do, her pussy still moist she guides her vibrating companion deep inside. 

As she strokes her pussy he feels the vibrations on his dick and the sensation almost makes him cum. He takes a deep breath and tells her how good she feels. She continues to stroke herself as her breathing gets heavier. She whispers something in Portuguese. He looks inquisitively for just a second then closes his eyes. His motion starts to intensify and she can feel he's about to cum. She increases her motion as her vaginal muscles tighten around her little friend. As she flexes her pussy, he can feel the sensation along with the vibrating motions and its driving him crazy with delight. His breathing heightens and her muscles contract. He loses himself in the moment and releases a hot load of cum inside her ass. Still in the moment, she grabs his ass just as she cums again. Now his eyes are as big as saucers as if he can't believe what he's seeing. He pulls away from her and sees his hot jizz oozing from her ass and her cum seeping from her hot pink pussy lips. What a turn on! This has got to be some of the best dessert he's ever had!

Glancing at his watch, he knows the time has come for them to say goodnight. No curfew worries for him, tonight his fashion editor wife is away on business so there's no rush for him to get home. He kisses her wantonly, and quickly begins to dress. They hardly speak as she reaches for her bra and panties. He breaks the silence by asking if he can keep her panties as a memento. She smiles and obliges her pace increases as she dons her skirt. She too realizes their time is short. Solange kisses and embraces him tightly one last time. And without another word they depart and go their separate ways, leaving behind a lasting memory captured on film. Remember the camera never lies... Hmmm, can you say black mail?