 Theresa was nervous today. This was the afternoon that she was supposed to meet John. You see, she had been talking to John on the Internet for a while and although she was a married woman with a son, she had this fantasy about meting him. What was he like, I mean really like. He had described himself but she knew from meeting other people that sometimes people really weren’t that truthful about how they looked. Oh well, she thought to herself, she WAS going to meet him even if he ended up being 4 ft tall and weighed 300 lbs. Meeting didn’t mean anything, and it was just for lunch but it meant that she was finally going to get a chance to see the person that she had been chatting with.

All morning at work she had thought about this. She couldn’t keep her mind on her job but she hoped that her boss didn’t notice. She looked busy enough but she really wasn’t going to get anything done. “How’s it going, Theresa,” her boss asked.

“Oh, ok, just got a lot on my mind right now.”

“That’s pretty obvious. I tell you what, you’ve got a lot of vacation time coming, why don’t you just take off the rest of the afternoon.”

“But I’ve got a lot of work to catch up on,” 

“Don’t worry about it,” her boss said, “just take off and don’t worry about it. You aren’t getting much done anyway.” Her boss smiled and winked as she walked out the door.

Theresa looked at her watch and noticed that it was 11:00 and she figured that if she was getting the afternoon off anyway, she might as well start early. She opened her desk drawer and put her stuff away, grabbed her coat and out the door she went.

Theresa pulled into the driveway of her house and shut the car off. She got out and walked to the door. She inserted the key into the slot and thought about how nice it would be if her hubby would insert his key into her slot, then she wouldn’t have to be going out and finding people that she could start up friendships with. She turned the key and walked through the house. Her husband was a midnight shift worker and she didn’t want him to get suspicious about what she was up to. She walked into the bedroom and saw him sleeping. She slowly moved over toward the bed and pulled the covers up. He was laying on his back and he had nothing on but his underwear. She noticed the outline of his cock in his shorts and slowly moved over and pulled them down in the front. She leaned over and took the head of his cock in her mouth. She started sucking on it. It was starting to get hard and he seemed to be enjoying what she was doing, even though she knew that he probably wasn’t even aware of it.

“Theresa. What the fuck are you doing,” he said as he pulled away.

“Well what does it look like sweetie? I got the afternoon off and I thought you might be in the mood for some afternoon delight”

“Well stop it. I’m tired. I worked all night you know,” he said as he turned over and closed his eyes.

Theresa just stood there, shocked and hurt, but mostly pissed off. “Fuck you you stupid bastard” she said as she walked out of the room and slammed the door.

Theresa no longer felt guilty about what she was going to do this afternoon. She got into her car and started it and headed to the parking lot of the Wal-Mart that she always bought groceries at. This was where she was supposed to meet him. She had decided to meet him there, that way if someone saw her car there, they would figure that she was just shopping. She closed her eyes, and started thinking about how much she need a man. If not for sex, then just for a little attention. She was thinking about how this all came about when suddenly she heard a “tap, tap, tap” on her window. She opened her eyes and there was a man standing outside her car. She cautiously rolled down the window and said “Yes, may I help you.”

“Hi Theresa, my name is John. I’m here to pick you up.”

Theresa looked at him, not sure what to think. He was not very tall and kind of plain looking, not handsome but not homely either. She rolled her window up and opened her door and got out of the car. 

“This way to my truck,” John said. He took her by the hand and escorted her to his pickup and opened the door for her. 

“Wait John, I-I-I’m not sure if we should do this. We are after all committed to other people.”

John didn’t say a word, he opened the door and motioned for her to get into his truck. Surprisingly, she did as she was told. She got inside and he shut the door. He walked around to the driver’s side and got in. He started his pickup and put it into gear and pulled off the parking lot. 

“Do you have any place that you like to eat,” asked John.

“Oh, anywhere is fine. You decide.”

“Ok then,” said John. He slipped a tape in the tape deck and out came a soft country song. They made chit chat about little things, just small talk He drove for a few miles and then turned down road on the outskirts of town. He turned down a country road and drove for a few miles. Theresa didn’t know where they were going but she decided to sit back and relax. The gentle movement of the pickup going down the road relaxed her and she felt comfortable in the pickup and for some reason felt comfortable with this man, this stranger with whom she had only talked to on the internet. They drove for a little while and soon turned into a driveway going to this old house. John pulled up to the front and shut off the engine. He got out and walked around to the drivers side and opened the door. He held out his hand and helped Theresa out and shut the door.

“I thought we were going out to dinner,” she said.

“We are darling” he said. He opened his tool box and pulled out a picnic basket. “I thought since it didn’t matter I’d pack us a lunch and we could relax and just get to know each other without any interruptions from anyone.”

“Oh, ok,” she stammered. Damn, she thought to herself, don’t show him how nervous you are girl.

John gently took her by the hand and pulled her close to him. He gave her a gentle kiss on the forehead and then led her to the door. He opened it and led her inside. Theresa looked around and noticed that this little house although wasn’t fancy was clean if not simply furnished. There was a table and a couple of chairs. There was also a fireplace and a bear skin rug in front of it. John walked over to the table and set the basket in a chair and opened it. He pulled out a table cloth and put it on the table. He set a bottle of wine on the table and then set two glasses on it. He peeled the label off of it and looked over at her and smiled. He inserted the screw into the cork of the bottle and she jumped slightly when she heard the “pop” of the bottle when the cork was removed.

“Relax darling, I promise you that I will now do anything that you don’t want to do. I’m not that kind of guy.”

Theresa smiled and wondered if she was doing the right thing. After all she was a married woman and although her sex life wasn’t the best in the world, she knew what she had. She thought back to this afternoon when her husband had turned her down and decided that it was him that was driving her to other men. 

John poured a little wine into the glasses and handed one to Theresa. He took a sip and walked to the fireplace. He knelt down on the rug and she watched as he bent over and put some paper and some kindling in the fireplace and lit it. She stood there and sipped her wine and looked at this man and wondered what he had in mind, but decided that it was so different than what she was used to that she would ride it out for a little while. After all, he had promised that he would never do anything that she didn’t want and for some reason, she trusted him. He put a log on the fire and after a few minutes she could hear the wood start to gently crackle. 

Soon he stood up and walked back to the table. He pulled out an insulated container and set it on the table. He put a couple of plates and then set a couple of other containers on it. He opened the insulated container and she could smell the aroma of fried chicken. He set opened the other containers and pulled a chair out and motioned for her to set down. She sat down and he pushed her chair up to the table for her. He sat down and opened the other containers. Here it was, just a simple meal, fried chicken, potato salad and a glass of wine. He finished his wine and poured another glass. He offered her more and she took it. Theresa could feel the wine starting to take affect on her but she drank it anyway. They ate and chatted about their families and their lives, talking about little things that neither one knew about each other. They mostly made small talk but it was so nice to relax for a while, and not have to worry about serving her husband or her son.

“Well” John said, “I’m ready for desert”.

“Sounds good John,” she said.

John stood up and walked over to Theresa and took her hand and motioned for her to get up.

“I thought we were going to eat desert” she asked?

“No” he said,” I said I was ready for desert. He took her hands and pulled her close. He looked into her eyes and moved his lips toward hers. He kissed her, gently at first and then passionately. He put his arms around her and held her close. He stopped kissing her and moved the chair away. He pushed the basket aside and moved her back toward the table. He kissed her and touched the front of her blouse. He put his hand on her breast and felt it through the material. He gently massaged her and then reached over and started unbuttoning her shirt. She was trembling and he could sense it. “Are you ok”, he asked.

“Yes, just a little nervous.”

“Do you want me to stop” he asked?

“No. Just be gentle,” she said.

John unbuttoned the second button and then the third and then the rest. He pulled her blouse out of her jeans and pulled it off of her shoulders. She could feel his hands as he pulled her blouse off her and they felt like leather but yet had a gentle feel to them. He kissed her on the neck, behind the ears, breathing on her and kissing her. He could feel her responding to him and he reached around and unsnapped her bra. He gently pulled it off and her breasts swung free. 

Oh god, she was starting to really get turned on now. He reached around and took the wine bottle and held it above her. He tipped it up and she could feel the wine run in drops over her breasts and onto her nipples. He moved his face down and started to lick the wine off of her breasts. She could feel herself getting moist between her legs. He moved down and then put his tongue on the nipple of her left breast. He moved his tongue in circles on it and then moved over to her right breast. She could feel her nipples get hard as he was attending to them. He reached down and touched the waist band on her jeans. He could feel her stomach jump as he touched her. She relaxed and he unsnapped them. He put both hands behind her and slid her jeans to the floor. He got on his knees and lifted her legs one at a time and pulled her shoes off and then slid the jeans off of her legs. 

He moved forward and put his face in the crotch of her panties and nuzzled her there. She could feel his hot breath in her crotch. She knew that she probably had a wet spot on her crotch because she was getting really turned on. John moved up and grabbed the waist band of her panties with his teeth and then slid his hands into the waist of them and pulled them down in one swift movement. He lifted them off of her legs and then stood up. She couldn’t believer it, here she was with a man she hardly knew standing naked as the day she was born. He moved forward and kissed her passionately and moved her back and sat her on the table. He laid her back and then moved his lips down her chin, down her neck, kissing each breast. He got the bottle of wine and poured a little more on her body and started licking it off. First one breast and then the other. He moved down and she could feel his hot lips on her body, moving down, to her bellybutton and then finally feeling his breath on her pussy.

“Mmmmm baby, just shaved it today for me didn’t you doll?” he said.

He leaned forward and planted a kiss on the smooth skin. She shuttered as he kissed her in her most sensitive area. He got down on his knees and moved between her legs. He kissed her first on the inside of the thighs, kissing her first on the left and then the right. He moved his tongue closer to her pussy, licking the place inside her leg, between her thigh and her pussy. God it felt so good to have him kissing and licking her. She could feel the fire in her loins burning and she could smell her pussy juices in the air. She felt like an animal in heat. She reached for his head and guided him to her pussy. She pulled his head and she felt his tongue touch her opening. She shivered and almost came when his tongue touched her clit. “Oh my god, yes baby” she said, yes, touch my clit with your tongue, yes baby, that’s it. Mmmmmmm.” He took his left hand and moved it to her pussy, spreading her lips and exposing her clit to the air. He moved his face in and flicked it with his tongue, and then putting it into his mouth and sucking on it. 

She pulled his head in and held him there, feeling his beard and his face touching her where a man hadn’t touched her in a long time. She could feel her climax starting to build, but so could John, so he pulled his face back and moved up and moved between her legs, rubbing his jeans into her pussy. She could feel his hard cock through them and she could feel the rough denim rubbing into her womanhood. He moved forward and kissed her. She could taste her cunt juice on his face and she loved it. She hand never had a man kiss her after eating her pussy before, but she really enjoyed the taste, a lot more than she ever thought she would. He pushed his tongue down her throat and moved it around in her mouth, letting her get a good taste of her juices. 

John stood up and took her hand and stood her up. He stepped back and looked at her. She was naked and he was standing there looking at her and she was so hot, wanting this strange man inside her. He started unbuttoning his shirt, then unsnapping his pants. He pulled them down along with his shorts in one smooth stroke. He kicked off his shoes and pulled his jeans off. As he stood up, she could see his cock standing out. It was smooth and hard and stood up at a 45 degree angle. He moved toward her and took her by the hand and moved toward the fireplace. When they were standing on the bear skin rug he took her and laid her down on the rug. She could feel the warm, smooth fur touch her back and she could feel it touch her ass and it tickled and excited her beyond belief. 

She could hear the crackle of the fire and feel the heat from the logs and it felt good against her exposed skin. John moved above her and stood with one leg on each side of her. She looked up at him standing above her, his cock sticking out, hard, hot and ready for action. He got down on his knees, putting his cock in her face. She could feel his ass touch her breasts. Theresa knew exactly what to do. She reached up and grabbed his cock and moved it to her mouth. She moved her head up and started to lick the head. She could hear him moan as she flicked her tongue across it. She moved her tongue down the length of his shaft and then back up again. She could taste his precum on the end of his dick and she licked it, savoring the salty taste. He moved forward and she put the head of his cock in her mouth. She started sucking on it, letting the head move in and then moving her head back. She could feel his balls touch her breast as she sucked him. “Oh yeah, suck it baby, yeah. Lick my cock.” Suddenly she let his cock slip out of her mouth, looked at him and she didn’t have to say a word, he knew exactly what she wanted. He stood up and bent over and turned her over on her stomach. He moved behind her and grabbed her hips and pulled her ass in the air.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“I’m doing just what you wanted me to do,” he said. He pulled her hips up in the air and he moved behind her. “Close your eyes baby” he said. He bent down and put his mouth on her butt. He nibbled it and kissed it and ran his tongue all over it. He moved down and she could feel his hot breath on her pussy. He moved in and put his tongue into her pussy, moving it around and then he started tongue fucking her. He moved up and she could feel his tongue go from her pussy and on up and then it was touching her anus. “Oh yeah John, Yes baby, lick my ass baby” she said. John put his tongue into the opening of her ass, and just let it stay there as he reached forward and started playing with her clit. “Oh fuck me John, fuck me Now”!!!!!!

John removed his tongue from her back side and moved forward. He pushed her shoulders down and moved in and she could feel him position himself behind her and she could feel the outside of his legs touch the inside of her thighs. That’s when she felt it, there it was, his cock at the opening of her pussy. “Tell me what you want baby, tell me what you want.”

“Fuck me John, fuck my pussy” she hissed.

“Ok baby” he laughed, “You asked for it. With that, he pushed the head of his cock into her pussy and she braced herself as he pushed it in. He moved into her with one smooth stroke and within a second he had pushed himself into her pussy as far as he could go. She could feel his pubic hair against her ass as he stayed there against her ass, buried to her depths. He grabbed her hips and pulled his cock all the way out. He moved it to the opening again. “Come on baby, tell daddy what you want” he laughed again.

“Fuck me you bastard, fuck me hard” she screamed.

John pushed it in, this time slowly and then pulled it out. He started to pump her with a slow rhythm. He reached under her and started stroking her clit with his left hand. He could feel her starting to squirm as he did this. He played with her clit for a minute and then started to fuck her faster.

“Oh yeah, that’s it baby, fuck me, fuck me” she said as he was pumping her. “Mmmmm baby, fuck me, fuck me hard baby”. 

John started to pump slower now, reaching and putting his finger in her cunt as he fucked her with his cock. He pushed it in as far as he could and made sure it was wet. He removed his finger and stopped fucking for a minute, leaving his cock buried in her. He took his finger and put it in the opening of her anus. He moved it around. “Ok baby, get ready,” he said as he pushed his finger in her butthole. She flinched a little as his finger went in. “Oh yeah baby, Mmmmmm Oh god, yes” she said. He pushed his finger into her ass up to the first nuckle and then resumed moving his cock in and out of her pussy. He ran his finger up and down her back as he fucked her and moved his finger around in her asshole. He could feel her push back into him every time that he pushed in. She was fucking him back now. He could feel the cum build up in his groin and he picked up the pace. “I’m gonna cum baby” he said as he started slamming his cock into her harder and harder. He could hear his hips slap against her ass and he removed his finger from her cunt and grabbed her by the hips and pulled her ass back to meet his thrusts.

“Oh I’m cumminggggggggggggggggg!!” Theresa shouted. As she was saying this, he could feel the cum well up in his balls and he lost it. He started cumming and blasting huge squirts of cum deep into her pussy. “Oh fuck me baby, fuck me” John yelled as he pumped cum deep into her womb. She started bucking and he could feel the contractions in her hot tight cunt. He continued pumping into her until he could no longer move. He collapsed forward, laying on top of her, his cock still buried in her pussy. They lay like that for a few minutes and then he moved off of her. He lay on his back exhausted and she rolled over and then moved toward him and laid her head on his shoulder.
