 She awoke to the early morning sunshine flickering across her bed, warming her cool, naked body. A smile stretched across her face as she began to recall the dream she had during the long, lonely night. She hated sleeping alone, and it wasn't getting any easier to do. She missed her man so much, but she also knew that being in the Navy was his passion. She admired him for it, but none of that made her nights any less lonely. She thought back to their last night together before he shipped out. It was such a perfect, passion-filled night and her hand started to stroll a little as the images passed through her mind.

She ran her finger down her cheek to her mouth. Tracing her finger over her partially opened lips, she remembered how he had done that the last night they were as one. Her finger slipped completely into her mouth and she ever so slowly pulled it back out, making sure it was good and wet. She loved the sensation of her fingernail ever so softly grazing over her tongue. She quivered a little at the thought of where her wet finger was to travel to next. She ran her fingers over her upper body and began to circle her nipple with her wet finger. It became hard and stiff as she began to squeeze it ever so slightly. The more she toyed with it the more flared her nipple became; widening at the base and standing fully upright she squeezed it a little harder. Before long both her hands were working both her breasts, massaging them and she imagined his mouth suckling her breasts, his tongue flicking at her hardened, erect nipples.

She reached for her bedside table and, opening the drawer, pulled out her favourite black gel toy. It reminded her so much of her man, a full eight inches in length with a head that could have been fashioned from his cock Her hand reached for her moist pussy and she just ever so lightly ran her fingertips over the outside lips before allowing one finger to slip into her wet folds. She started to rub her clit as she slid the toy over her mouth. Thinking of nothing but his cock, she ran her tongue up and down on it before letting it slide inside her moist, eager lips. She squirmed a little as a second finger joined with the first on her rock hard clit, her fingers masterfully working in small circles around her button, making her arch her back. She tightened her mouth around the toy, pressing harder against the gel. She moved her fingers down her slit to her opening and slid them both inside herself. Her moans vibrated off the toy as she started to finger fuck herself while letting the toy drop to the back of her throat. Her lips flowed up and down on the vibe as she plunged her fingers deep inside her pussy. She was already close, so she pulled the toy out of her mouth and moved it down over her clit, rubbing the head of it up and down her slit, then plunged it deep inside her as she was ready to be fucked. Her eyes closed and lost in stimulation, she didn't observe her sailor standing at the entrance of their room. He had wanted to surprise her, but now it was he who was surprised. His eyes had been glued to her for some time, getting more and more excited with each of her touches and moans. He quietly undressed and moved nearer. Holding his cock in his hand he was mere inches from her head. He leaned over and gently kissed her lips. Her eyes sprung open but he simply placed his finger over her lips and told her not to stop. She smiled up at him never missing a stroke of the toy, sliding it in and out of her body waiting to see what he would do. He kneeled on the bed beside her head and offered her his cock.

It had been so long since she was able to drape her lips and tongue around him that she wasted no time. Her lonely nights were over. She stuck her tongue out, and he laid his shaft on it. Her tongue started to loop his girth as he slowly slid his cock down her throat. Her lips enveloped his cock, swallowing his entirety, then gliding back up as he pulled his hips back. He reached his hand down over her body and placed his hand over hers on the toy, helping her plunge it deep into her wetness. He straddled his leg over her head and bent his body over hers. He could smell her scent and the aroma made him lick his lips. He slowly swiped his tongue down her slit, around the toy then back up to her clit. His lips wrapped around her button and he sucked it ever so gently, causing it to swell in his mouth as he maintained the rhythm of the toy. His tongue started to flick at her clit and her moans echoed off his cock as they had off the vibrator earlier. This just made him fuck her mouth harder. She loved it. He pulled the toy out of her and motioned for her to take it. She placed it beside his cock and continued to suck his shaft and lick her juice off the toy while he plunged his tongue deep inside her, fucking her with his tongue. She dropped the toy and moved her hand to his balls, massaging them, tugging them just a little, then swirling her tongue over them as her other hand continued to caress his cock. Two of his fingers made their way inside her pussy, as he continued to suck her clit hard. Then he was pulling his fingers out, spreading her apart and dipping his tongue inside her.

He knew she was close and he so wanted to taste her juice once again that he started to call, "come on baby, cum for me."

That did it.

She lost all control and her juices flowed freely on his face as she sucked and licked his balls. He took great pride in making sure he lapped every last drop of her juice from her. Standing back up he pulled her to her feet and kissed her passionately then promptly spun her around and bent her over the bed.

"I'm going to fuck you hard now, baby!" His hand in the middle of her back, he guided the head of his cock down her slit and over her clit, then with one quick lunge embedded his cock entirely in her. Her head was thrown back in bliss, and he grabbed a handful of hair and pulled it to the side. His thrusts were getting harder and he leaned down across her back and bit her neck. This made her squirm even more and she bucked harder back against him, grinding her pussy against the base of his cock. With each stroke of his cock her moans grew louder and his grunts deeper. His hand wrapped tightly around her hair he playfully tugged a little harder.

"MMMMMMMM baby, I love when you take control and fuck me deep," she moaned back at him. She began to gyrate her hips in circles when he was buried deep inside her pussy, causing him to moan in ecstasy. The room was filled with the scent of sweat and raw, passionate sex.

He pulled out of her and, spinning her around yet again, pushed her mischievously back onto the bed. He wanted to see her face as he slid back in her pussy. He loved watching her eyes when they fucked. His hand brushing the hair off her face, he placed the head of his cock at her opening.

" Please baby," she said.

"Please what?" he replied. 

"Please fuck me, sailor.

He slid his cock all the way back inside her again, never taking his eyes off hers. As their hips met they would both grind against each other and then he would pull almost completely out and plunge back inside. He placed his arms under her legs and brought them up closer to his back, and then bent them back over her chest allowing his cock to be as deep as possible in her. He started fucking her frantically, his thrusts becoming more rapid and his grunts louder with each stroke.

"Steve, oh my god, baby, your cock feels so good."

He knew he couldn't hold out much longer, and he also knew how much she loved to swallow his juice.

"You want my cum, baby?" he asked her. 

"Yes, baby, cum. Cum in me. I want it, want it. I want to taste you now," she begged. Her eyes filled with lust, she had lost all control of herself. She wanted to taste him right now.

He jumped off her and leaned back against the headboard. She kneeled on the bed in front of him and took his cock in her hands. Looking up at his face smiling, she licked all the way from the base of his balls, to the tip of his cock, swirling her tongue around and under the ridge and then swallowing his entirety again. Her head bobbed up and down on his shaft as his fingers intertwined in her hair. Her lips wrapped tight around him as she felt his balls grow tense in her hand. He locked his hands around the back of her head and rammed his hard cock down her throat, fucking her mouth the same way he had her pussy. Her lips flowed over every vein and bump on his cock as she feasted on his shaft. He gave one final hard thrust and released his warm, salty cum down her throat. She eagerly swallowed every drop of him and milked him for some more. He smiled down at her, as she continued to run her tongue gently over his cock.

" Now that's what I call a perfect welcome home," he said. "I missed you so much."

She rose from her knees, kissed his lips tenderly and replied " Any-time sailor, any-time."