 It was a great anniversary present, a day at an upscale spa: manicure, pedicure, stylist and massage. What could possibly happen? It was my choice of the timing for each, so I selected the manicure and pedicure first, then the massage and last the hair and makeup.

Taking care of the hands and feet were easy, and then I was escorted to the massage area where I met a 30-something woman named Erica. She immediately struck me with her beauty- she was tall, thin (not skinny), had straight blonde hair that fell below her shoulders and a face that would make most women envious. Her face was perfectly shaped with fabulous deep blue eyes, a cute turned up nose and full lips. For those that might remember, she looked a lot like a young Bridget Bardot. As if this wasn't enough, she was just the sweetest person.

We introduced one another and Erica then went through the process of determining the kind of massage I wanted and then explained how she typically administered the massage. With that out of the way she asked that I go into the changing room, disrobe and return when ready.

The private changing room was unique as it had both a water closet and a bidet. Knowing that I'd be nude for the next two hours I decided to use both, as I'm very sensitive to any body odor, particularly below my waist. So, after peeing, I used the bidet and washed my vagina and anus. The hard pulsing stream of warm water on each area felt great!

After drying I returned to the massage area and found that Erica had changed into her working clothes: very tight short shorts and a halter. I commented on her attire and she told me that she works very hard on each person's body and since the room was so warm the outfit allowed her to be more comfortable especially with a female client. I didn't give it a thought; but, had the chance to really see her youthful body. All I could say to myself was "WOW"! Great breasts, beautiful shoulders, small hips, a wonderful butt, very shapely legs; and a deep tan all over. She was really a knockout!

Erica asked that I lie down on the massage table face up. She undid the towel that was wrapped around me and lowered it to my waist. Since I went to an all girls camp throughout my teen years, I'm not especially prudish in front of another woman so I didn't give a second thought to having my breasts exposed. Aside from that, I'm not at all ashamed of them- they're natural 34 Ds that nature has been kind to as they stand straight up and out. I have large nipples that are still sensitive and my skin is silky white.

Erica began the massage, had dreamy spa music playing in the background and I was ready to enjoy the next couple of hours. She began at my scalp, slowly and methodically working her way down to my eyes, face, ears, neck and shoulders. Once she got to my shoulders and arms I began to feel that tingly sensation in my vagina that I got from the bidet and I could feel that my pussy was really getting moist. I smiled and thought to myself that if I were a man I'd have an erection.

Erica saw the smile, asked what I was thinking, and I told her. She also smiled and said that she knew exactly what I was feeling because she felt the same way. I didn't give this comment any thought and continued to lie back and enjoy the moment. After the shoulders and arms Erica moved to my breasts, abdomen and midriff. This was really going well and I was feeling, well honestly, I was feeling horny!

Erica spent a considerable amount of time on and around my breasts. I could feel my nipples getting rock hard but there isn't much one can hide when lying nude, face up, on a massage table. Thankfully Erica moved further down my body and began oiling and rubbing my pubic mound area, thighs and calves. It was heavenly. When she applied the oil to my upper inner thighs I swear I thought she touched my clitoris-which in my state of mind was fine with me! As she continued in that area I heard myself make a soft moan and I involuntarily began a subtle hip movement as if I was adjusting my position on the table. Erica must have felt and heard this but she didn't say or do anything other than continue to rub with her fabulous hands and fingers.

After a while Erica asked that I turn over, place my face in the padded hole in the table and told me that she was going to remove my towel completely so that she could get to my back. She mentioned that she needed a moment and that she would be right back—this was fine with me as it allowed me to try to get myself back together.

When she returned she asked if I would mind if she got on the table for better access to my entire back area. It sounded odd but what the heck, so, I said OK. She got on the table and straddled my thighs and I heard her pouring the oil in her hands. She then began to work on my neck and back. I was melting it felt so good. Since I was face down staring at the floor I was unable to see Erica but I could feel her hands.

As she was reaching up to message my back each upward stroke seemed to have more touch. Since we were the only people in the room I thought my imagination was getting the better of me as I was so relaxed and turned on. As she moved to my buttock area— aside from my vagina and clit the most sensitive part of my body- I was pretty sure I was going to explode when she applied oil close to-if not directly on- my anus and between my spreading thighs. Interestingly, I still felt that it was not just her hands that were rubbing my oiled, nude, body.

Then Erica moaned as well as I, and it dawned on me that the "other touch" I was feeling was her unencumbered breasts that were sliding over my entire back and butt. When I looked over my shoulder I saw that, as the rest of her, Erica's breasts were natural, very tan- she obviously sunbaths in the nude as there were no tan lines- and at least a C cup. It put me over the top. I slowly turned completely face up and saw that she, as I, was totally nude. Her body was sensational.

She told me that in all of her ten years of administering massages she had never become so aroused while working but when she saw my face, my body and touched my skin she wanted more. For the next hour she and I made love to one another. It wasn't the earthy slam-bam-thank you ma'am type of experience; it was spontaneous, gentle, sensual and loving. It was beautiful.

We kissed one another, we each stroked one another and we felt each other's breasts and kneaded each other's ass. She spent a great deal of time with her tongue on my vagina and clitoris and when it was time to reciprocate I did the same to her. We both had multiple orgasms as quietly as we could and when we began to wind down we laid on the massage table side-by-side in a warm and wonderful embrace.

When my session came to an end I returned to the dressing room and showered. My legs were still shaking from the pure ecstasy of my experience and I had a hard time getting to the hair stylist. Trooper that I am however, I made it to the salon and the person there did a great job with the cut, color and make up.

When I returned home my husband commented on how well I looked and that I seemed a little flushed. He asked about my day. When I told him every detail he laughed and told me that he didn't believe one word of my fantasy; but he appreciated that I would take the time to make up such a story and commented that he would most likely jerk-off visualizing everything that I said happened during the day. 

As if this wasn't enough, to complete the celebration my husband and I went to dinner where the debriefing of my day continued. By the time dinner was concluded we were both so turned-on that we couldn't wait to head home and jump into bed. Just as the afternoon, this evening's lovemaking was memorable (even after all our years together). Regardless of age, who wouldn't enjoy a great fuck?

I'll never forget this anniversary—as thoughtful as I thought the present was it turned out to be the most memorable sexual experience of my life (aside from sex with my hubby). It's quite likely that in the future I'll make my own appointments with Erica so the story can continue. 

This was truly that gift that'll keep on giving!