 I slipped into the thin veil of a short dress. White with eyelets throughout, it had pleased my beloved before. It gave me some semblance of covering while easily revealing my dark pubic area and nipples. I'd neither time nor dollar to buy myself real lingerie before he arrived and fancy lace with glittering trim clashed with my simplistic nature. A nature, I was about to clash with in a different kind of battle. 

While I would never consider myself a true submissive, soft bondage has its allure. Certainly, having my body treated and touched with the gentlest of caresses while I am able to do nothing but squirm and moan... Okay, so for a little while, I enjoy having my body ruled completely. 

Turn the tables though, and I was at a loss. How could I return such a wonderful experience, if it meant taking control away from the one I loved? But, receive and take was the way of our relationship, so I took on the task. 

My palms were sweating and my flesh felt like it was on fire, though my dress provided little protection from the crisp bedroom air. 

'You're in control,' I reminded myself, drawing on my one summer at drama camp where I played the bully's side-kick. 'Total control. More like the bully himself.' A role I had turned down. 

Nervous butterflies still fluttered in my stomach as I unlocked my "toy" chest. The mixed scents of massage oils filled the room immediately. I took various items out and lay them on the bedside stand. 

'Mistress Rose. In control.' My new mantra. 

My bed squeaked as I crawled to the woven iron headboard. The thin metal rods interlocked in several places, providing many ideal options for binding. I tied the loose ends of nylon cuffs near each other at the center. Keeping them close would provide my prisoner with the ability to rollover as I desired, while the tough Velcro wrist bands would prevent him from touching himself or urging me to rush his climax. 

'That is the most erotic part of being bound,' I thought. 'Trusting, not only that you will not be harmed beyond your fortitude, but that you will be pleasured beyond your control. That is what you said you had wanted, my love.' 

All set up, I gave a quick glance to the clock. My beloved was later than he'd said. Not unusual, but it fed my growing fear. Fear of control. I almost laughed. Instead, with a deep centering breath, I reclined against the many pillows on my bed and waited. 

"Mistress Rose," I finally whispered aloud. 

(I feel like I am forgetting something. Like when I left the coffee pot on. Or the oven.) 

It was mid-afternoon when he finally arrived. His vehicle had a rather distinct sound, leaving me no need to look out the window to see who had arrived. I'd left directions with other members of the household to tell him where I was and that I was waiting. 

The minutes he took refreshing himself seemed like hours. I was turning into a trembling girl, not a firm dominatrix. I stood, tossed my long braid back over my shoulders and, placing my hands on my hips, tried to look disappointed at his untimely arrival. 

When he entered the room, I almost swooned. Both my heart and cunt began to melt. I wanted him filling me, not submitting to me. His tongue pressed deep into my mouth as I darted my tongue around, not letting him snare it. My hands running down his shoulders, his back, that tight ass. Pressed so tight against each other we'd be forced to breathe in time with each other. 

Yet, as much as longed for him to wrap his arms around me in their tightest embrace, I knew there would be no way to recover my dominant facade. My voice caught in my throat and I found myself pointing to the bed in silence. 

'Yeah Rose, you're in control.' 

He seemed reluctant to skip the hugs and kisses that we usually greeted each other with. He moved to the bed willingly, pausing only for the shortest of moments, when I let out an audible sigh of relief. 

"Strip first," I said, surprised to hear my own voice firm with authority. "And no talking." 

I think the look of surprise on my face matched the one on his. Without a word he began to undress. Nothing fancy. No drawn out striptease. Just stripped and I had ordered. He didn't even settle himself into the bed. I briefly wondered if it would be easier for him to tie himself up, or even, call the whole thing off. 

'Now or never Rose.' 

I grasped his shoulders firmly and aimed him down toward the bed. Leaning across his chest I pushed him into a horizontal position. He struggled with less than half an effort as I fit the Velcro cuffs snug around first one wrist, and then the other. The blindfold I clumsily struggled with before getting it secured in its proper place. He was being rather cooperative, but wasn't helping in the slightest. 

"Roll over, onto your stomach." I was more exasperated than into my role, but he moaned as he obeyed. I held back a laugh, glad one of us could get into their role effortlessly. 

I swatted his white ass to hurry him up. I wasn't going to be shown up when it came to the arts. Even if it was my least developed one, acting. "Now." 

Once he was in the assumed position, I straddled his lower back and ass, keeping the weight as much on my knees as I could. I wondered if the upper curves of his bare rear end could feel the moisture I was oozing. I was so wet, I was the one being tormented. 

Taking a bottle of oil, sandalwood, from my bed-side table, I poured it directly on to his back. His flesh had been far hotter than the homemade brew and his skin rippled at its touch. I choked down a giggle as he squirmed beneath my thighs. That brief flutter of flesh against my outer lips was almost unbearable. 

Running my hands through the oil, I started a deep massage. Worked his neck and shoulders in slow round circles with the balls of my hands. Then, followed his spine down with the lighter touch of my fingernails. 

I crawled slowly backwards, with each of my strokes. I massaged each globe of his rear end and parted them slightly. Excess oil began to roll slowly toward his brown puckered hole. I used a knuckle to prevent it from ever reaching that forbidden entrance. Sandalwood was not my preferred flavor. I made for the side of the bed and chose a different bottle. 

"On your knees and spread them," I said. I moaned inwardly, hearing the clichéd words I had spoken without thought. 

He had obviously relaxed into the position he was in and a good swat to his arse was needed to get him moving. He was on his knees in seconds, resting his head on his arms. 

Pulling his cheeks apart roughly I let drops of my latest purchase, cinnamon heating oil, drip down his crack and perineum, making the tiniest pool in his anus. I blew gentle on the fluid. His buttocks quivered in my hands. I rubbed my finger in the oil and along his perineum to his sack. It was beginning to grow heavy and my own curiosity overwhelmed me. For just one moment I had to look. I was quite pleased to see a small drib of pre-cum developing on the tip of his cock. 

Returning my attentions to that nice ass, I added a tiny bit more of the heating oil. This time, as I blew on it, I worked my face between his cheeks and rolled my tongue around his hole. The taste wasn't as unpleasant as I had expected, though I am sure the cinnamon flavoring had something to do with that. I held myself up with one hand and pressed my tongue against that tight pucker, using the other hand to casually grasp and massage his sac. When I brushed that sensitive spot where his balls meet his cock, I could feel his anal muscles quivering against my tongue. 

I released him and moved back. Slipping a well oiled finger into that tight hole, I moved it slowly, careful not to hurt him while I was blatantly molesting unexplored territory. 

'That's it Rose, be a nice dom!' 

Sliding my finger in and out slowly, I leaned back for an overall view. I mused as I watched my finger disappearing into his anus, pulled it out, to swiftly plunge it in again. Thrusting in and out with the only rhythm I had, my quickening breath. I knew the smile on my face was quite wicked. I almost regretted the fact that he couldn't see the curl in my lips. Almost. 

'I could get used to this,' I thought, watching the growing quantity of pre-cum begin to form into the perfect drop. 'If I didn't want him inside, filling me so bad.' 

He started to moved with my thrusts. I am not sure if he was enjoying the feel of my finger fucking his ass or if he was thrusting out to find some relief for his tumescent erection. I wasn't enjoying anything but the view and was as wet as I was going to get without some encouragement. 

'Enough'. My finger slipped out with a slight pop. 'On your side.' 

I opened the toy chest and quickly washed with alcohol pads. Turning back to my pet, I could see him smiling. He knew what was coming as much as I did. 

Damn a man who knows your desires to please and be pleased better than you do! 

Soon, I was lying on my side, facing him. Facing his hard cock. If there is one power rush I do feel during our sexual relations it is holding his cock between my lips and teeth. I grasped is balls with one hand and squeezed. They were indeed heavy. 

Inching closer I kissed his sac. I licked it from where it met his perineum to where it met his shaft. I sucked one testicle into my mouth, rolling my tongue over the tightening skin. Slowly, I repeated the procedure on his other testicle. I could hear his breathing begin to rasp. 

Starting at the base of his cock, I ran my tongue up the underside. I rolled my tongue around the ridge where cock and shaft met, paused to lap the love-drop that had been growing and returned down the shaft, taking him deep into my mouth. I constricted the muscles in my throat. Dry-swallowing around his cock-head. I ran one finger nail along his sac, between his testicles. I bobbed my head twice, thrice, and let him fall from my lips. 

His pelvis thrust forward, toward me. How I adored just watching his need pulse through that hard pole. I chose a lube blindly from the bed-side table. Another new purchase I had made. 

I rubbed the thick lube on his shaft and wondered if he could feel the same cool tingling I had, when I had tested it on my nipples. I did know it would provide for more lubrication. It's texture different, it too was flavored hot cinnamon. I covered every part of his shaft with it, then lowered my hot mouth. I licked slow circles around the head of his shaft and took him deep again. Cinnamon flavor burst in my mouth as I held him still with the slight pressure of my teeth. 

As, I have said, I have no rhythm. I know it. I admit it. 

I started a slow pace to bobbing, then stopped. He began to thrust, faster, gaining pace. Fucking my mouth, knowing if he went too deep I'd graze his shaft sharply with my teeth. I rolled my tongue along his cock with no pattern; no reason to my movements. His cock seeking release in my warm mouth, every nerve screaming, hoping to be brushed by my tongue before he came. Some nerves were appeased, others were not, but every inch of him down to his toes was about to tingle. 

I squeezed my thighs tight when he started to cum. I sucked and licked every ounce of semen out of him with relish. My pussy was soaking, begrudging my mouth, every drop. I licked my lips when his softening member fell free. 

I gave moment to recover his breath. He started to speak, but I interrupted him. "No. Not yet. We aren't finished." 

Another moment passed. I slipped my diaphanous attire over my head. 

A third moment. I removed his blindfold. 

"I want you to watch. Back on your hands and knees." 

'Weak knees if they're anything like mine,' I added silently. 

I took out a wide anal vibe and placed it on the bed, in front of his face. I have never been able to take it up my ass, but its flared form and the fact that it was self-standing made it hit areas of my cunt, that nothing else ever had. 

He had his weight now resting on his bound hands. Resting my legs across the ties and thus, pinning him tighter, I lowered myself onto the wide hard plastic shape. I placed the controls into one of his hands and started dabbing the heating cinnamon oil onto my large nipples. 

"Well?" I asked. The smile on his face was far more wicked than mine. 

My cunt was stretched, filled completely in width, if not in depth. I needed to climax so bad. I leaned forward and pressed a flavored nipple to his lips. 

"Turn. It. On." I said firmly, slowly. 

His blew gently on my nipple and I sucked air into my lungs. Electricity seemed to shoot straight to my cunt as he took it into his hot mouth. 

"Now," I gasped. 

The vibrator started to buzz. Its vibrations moved through my entire body. Slow, much slower than I was used to and he knew it. I pressed myself down hard on the vibe. Grinding my whole pussy into it. He turned it up for a split second then turned it off. I was about to scream in frustration, the noise all ready a growl in my throat. 

'Dominant,' I reminded myself. 

I leaned forward, my breast pressing into his face, his teeth sharp on my nipple, and reached beneath him. His cock was partially hard, having not had time to soften completely. I grasped the shaft firm and moved my thumb to the head. His cock-head is far more sensitive after ejaculation, than my nipples ever were. I growled. 

The vibrator buzzed to full activity and I released my grip to lean back and enjoy its administrations. He occasionally dropped the speed for a moment here and there but never long enough to raise my frustration. He sucked my nipples with eagerness and zest. 

My orgasm hit in a series of waves. Long, hard waves from internal stimulation. I rocked back and forth on the vibe. He released me and smiled when my back arched at the end of each wave. 

I had to turn the vibrator off myself. 

(Why do I feel I have forgotten something?) 

I slipped the vibe out with ease and tossed it into my open toy chest. Dipping a finger into my tired cunt and lifted the fragrant fluid to my love's lips. He sucked my finger with as much joy as I had sucked his cock. Which, upon inspection was indeed hardening again. I leaned forward to kiss his lips, tainted as they were with my juices. 

I could feel the strain in his upper back and shoulders as I nuzzled into his neck. I licked and sucked at his collar bone. I could feel the pulse in his neck as I press my lips against his carotid. 

His arms were beginning to shake under the strain of being on his hands and knees a second time. I'd had enough too. 

"Fuck me," I whispered in his ear. "Fast. Hard." 

I slithered down so that I was under him. I didn't notice how loose his bonds were when he lifted my hips. He raised my legs over his shoulders, keeping him somewhat upright on his knees. I grabbed a couple pillows and pushed them under my ass. He pressed into me slow. He was hard, but not as hard as he had been earlier. 

Not all men have the recovery time found in romance novels. Or in stories akin to this one. 

He thrust into me deep and slow for some time. I took a small vibrator, turned it on, and pressed the tip to my clit. He increased in pace and depth. His grin was indeed more mischievous than mine. Both of us were going climax again, and soon. 

He grunted as my climax hit me. The walls of my cunt squeezed around his cock, making each entrance an effort. Orgasmic spasms made me tighter than a virgin ass for multiple seconds, released and clenched again. I didn't move the vibe from my clit, I let it carry me over into another climax. Squeezing his cock, demanding he release everything he had managed to resurrect, since I sucked him dry. 

His softening cock left my pussy lips with a slight slurp. He let my legs down, leaned forward and kissed me. I slipped out from under him. We laid, arms clasped around one another. Sweat cooling between our touching flesh. 

"I love you," he whispered. "Thank you." 

I smiled as he spoke the words, without permission. I had lost control somewhere; again. Mistress Rose needed a far better actress than I to play her part. 

Held tightly to his chest, I finally noticed that sometime during our pleasure, he had worked the ties into giving him quite a bit of arm movement. He could move around the entire bed if he had wanted, but had probably worked the knots pretty tight. 

I rested there, in his arms, listening to his breathing until he fell asleep. Then, I slowly slipped out of his embrace. Leaving him tied, I went immediately to my second love and began to write. 

(Damn, I knew I was forgetting something! See? Some Mistress I make!)