 He lay there almost stinging in ecstasy. His body released of all the build up over the last hour or two. Feeling her mouth, her hands, her body on his. He couldn't believe he wasn't dreaming. She was still laying on his chest. Her jeans pressing into his bare skin. 

This was almost like a dream sequence to him. It seemed hazed and it was like things were moving in slow motion for him. He was being a little bitch, and he loved every second of it. He was recovering laying on his back on the bed. His cock was limp and covered in cum.

His dream woman was enjoying the view. 

"Ready for round 2?" She quipped.

"I'm still catching my breath from round 1 and 1a." he responded. "But I am up for whatever you want."

"I want you to stand in front of me kneeling and stroke until you cum in my mouth and on my tits" she said matter of factly. "And when you finish, I want you to rub, lick and vibe my clit until I cum."

"I think I can handle that. Wouldn't you enjoy letting me pamper you before I go again?" 

She climbed off his chest and stepped down to the floor. She removed her shirt but left her bra on. It was a black lace bra. Nothing too fancy but very sexy and it did a good job of enhancing her body and figure. 

Her skin was cream and porcelain like except for the tattoos. She had two. Her shoulders flowed beautifully into her neck and her breasts were even more amazing than any picture or video could show. Her hips drew the most attention though. 

He had daydreamed of holding them as he entered her from behind. Pushing into her as he pulled her into him. 

He was in full admiration over her body as this was the first glimpse he had of her in person. He had been parading around for 20-30 minutes fully nude and this is the first he had seen of her...in person. 

With the admiration of her body and thinking about what he wanted to do to it his soft cock had already grown a little harder. He watched as she knelt down, leaned forward and crawled to where he was standing. It reminded him of the sexy video she had once sent him but this time she was really in front of him. 

She leaned in and kissed his semi hard head and said "Not gonna come play?" 

He reached down and grabbed his cock and pushed it again toward her mouth. He wanted to feel her mouth on him and he was letting her know. 

"Now now, don't get too eager. I want to watch you stroke and feel your cum hit me and taste it." she scolded. She then swallowed his cock and popped it out of her mouth as if it were a tootsie pop. "Now start stroking and cum on these tits, will you? It's been a long time coming."

He moved his left hand to his quickly hardening cock. He wrapped his fingers around his girth and started to massage alternating his fingers up his and down his shaft. 

She knelt no further than 12" from the action. She watched intently. Looking as if she was a scientist making observations for a research project. She watched his fingers pressing into his shaft. She was somewhat jealous that he knew exactly what to do, and of his expertise. She always found it so sexy watching him touch himself. 

Now being so close to the action she could feel how much she really loved it. Her jeans were starting to feel wet from how excited she has been. She could feel the excess wetness and warmth between her legs. She moved her left hand between her legs to press against her aching clit. 

His hand was now pumping from base to head, squeezing at the head while he looked down at her. He could see she had moved her hand between her legs and he wanted it to be his hand. He wanted to feel her and smell her. He reached his right hand down and touched her shoulder and ran his hand down her chest and cupped her breast as he kept stroking with his left hand. 

She enjoyed feeling his hand on her so she let him continue, as she watched his head drip pre-cum with almost every stroke. She could again hear his breathing change. His stroking slowed and she could tell that he was again already close to finishing. She was impressed with his ability to get hard again so fast. She reached behind her and undid her bra and let her breasts fall free. He was mesmerized by her body. 

She watched him rub his index finger along the underside of his shaft. He stopped right where his shaft and head met. He flattened his finger and rubbed the pad of his fingers in a gentle circle. This was something she showed him over the years they had spent getting off with one another. His hand moved from her breast as he could feel he was close.

He sighed as he felt his balls twitch. "I'm close" he moaned as he continued to rub his cock.

"Cum for me baby, cum on me!" she pleaded with him. Rubbing her hand between her legs harder. 

She leaned forward and replaced his finger with her tongue. His head fell back and he groaned. She was sliding her tongue back and forth on the underside of his head. He wrapped his index and middle finger at the base of his cock and began stroking as she continued with her tongue. 

It only took five or six pumps before he let out a soft grunt and she felt the first pulse of his shaft on her tongue. She moved her head back as he aimed his swollen pink head at her open mouth. He shot his first rope across her chin into her mouth, and grunted loudly as he released two more ropes on her chin and neck as he moved his aim down to her wonderful breasts. He let out one more rope then a light dribble.as she pulled his cock onto to her skin and rubbed the cum that was on it on her exposed breasts.

He placed his hands on her shoulders when she pulled him into her. He nearly collapsed as he'd never had an experience anywhere near this. 

"Kneel down next to me, and clean me" she said. "And share it with me"

He obliged. He knelt down, stared her in the eyes. Nothing but passion between them. He moved his mouth toward hers. She put her hand up and directed his head to her neck, and breasts. He moved his mouth along her neck down to her collarbone, licking lightly on her skin. She kept her hand between her legs. He moved his left hand to cup her breast as he pulled her into him licking more of his sticky warm cum off of her. 

He moved his mouth down between her breasts and inhaled her. Her skin was soft and she smelled so good.

He moved his mouth to her nipples. They were hard, not much longer than a thick eraser. He closed his mouth on it and sucked. He could feel a reaction from her. She seemed to enjoy it. He moved to continue to clean her as requested. 

He moved to their underside of her breast and for the first time smelled her. She must have been very wet for him to smell her. His cock twitched as it hardened from smelling her. 

He moved back to her nipple this time on her other breast. She used her free hand to grab the back of his head and press him into her breast. He took the hint and sucked on her breast and flicked her hard nipple with his tongue. He continues to massage her other breast as he did everything he knew how to this one with his mouth. 

She threw her head back as she started to move her hips in unison with her hand between her legs. 

He licked the last rope off her and moved his way back to her mouth. He reached a hand behind her head and pulled her mouth to his. The moment their lips touched they both moaned. It was like an explosion as her soft lips touched his and his tongue entered her mouth. 

They were a bit timid at first but soon found their rhythm as they were able to feel each other out and were making out very heavily in no time. 

Her hands moved to his body and moved around his back. Pulling him closer to her. Pressing their bodies together as they knelt next to the bed.

He shared with her some of the warm glaze he licked off her body. She tasted his saltiness and loved the feel of his lips on hers. She could feel how wet she was. How hot she was and she knew what she wanted. She wanted to feel his skin on her. On that wetness. She wants to feel him in her. Not his cock, not yet, but his fingers and/or tongue. 

She pushed away from him and stood up. Keeping her hands on his bare shoulders. 

"Stay." she said as if talking to a dog. 

She unbuttoned her jeans. Shook her hips a bit and slid her pants down and stepped out of them. Her near flawless, porcelain like skin once again drew his attention. He admired her sexy legs up to her hips. His eyes moved between her legs. He was sitting back on his heels a bit while kneeling and this put his face on the same level as her pussy. 

She smiled, reached into the nightstand, pulled out a toy. 

"Let me show you how I want you to do it" she purred. 

She laid back on the bed.

Seeing him kneeling on the floor in front of her was a cross between sweet and funny. He'd always said he was her puppy and now he actually looked like one. His eyes looked as big as saucers as he watched her pull the toy from the nightstand drawer. She had been debating the entire flight down on whether or not to let him watch her use her toy on herself. The mere fact that she'd had the nerve to pack it was surprising enough.

As she sat on the bed she knew there was no turning back. She took a deep breath and laid back on the soft comforter. She looked at the small hot pink vibrator in her hand and turned it on. Her hips were on the very edge of the bed and as she reached down with her toy she slowly spread her legs. 

A smile crossed her lips as she tried to imagine the look on his face right now. She was aware that if his desire for her was as strong as her desire for him then not being able to touch her right now was killing him.

The air in the room was cool on her warm wet skin. She closed her eyes and began teasing her outer lips with the soft vibrations from her toy. She breathed deep as she moved the toy up and down her soft wet folds. Her skin was slick and her arousal was high, she knew this would be a short session. 

Using her left hand she spread the folds of her skin and allowed the toy to gently graze over her clit once or twice. The first time sent a wave of pleasure right through her that made her gasp as her body jerked from the sensation. The second time almost brought her to the edge but she didn't want to cum too quickly, hell, she was putting on a show here.

She glided her toy all over her wet pussy even daring to dip it into her sex a few times. She could hear him moving and wondered if he was stroking his cock again. The very idea that he was stroking while watching her performance was all the incentive she needed to start working her toy on her clit. 

She moved her left hand a little higher and used her thumb to gently pull back the hood that guarded this sweet spot. She was far too aroused to place her toy directly on her clit so she placed the toy slightly above it. The buzzing of the vibrator began working her clit into a frenzy. She could feel the wetness dripping out of her now. She started to moan and writhe with pleasure. Her orgasm was building fast. 

She licked her lips as her lower belly began to warm with excitement and anticipation. She pushed herself back on the bed and put her feet on the edge where her ass had just been digging her heels into the comforter. Her breathing got quicker and her moaning a little louder. 

To her orgasms always felt like fireworks, tiny explosions of pleasure rising from deep inside her body and radiating to every extremity. 

She moved the toy directly to her clit and began to grind her hips into it as wave after wave of delight rocked her to the core. She pushed her head into the bed and raised her hips even higher off the mattress as if searching for some invisible cock to penetrate her at this very moment. 

She rode the orgasm out as long as she could then moved the vibrator lower to her sex and dipped it in her body as if topping herself off. 

As her climax began subsiding she lowered her hips back on the bed and relaxed her tired body. She shut off the toy and laid it beside her. Her eyes were still closed as her breathing began to regulate itself once more. She closed her legs and rolled onto her right side nestling against the soft comforter. She put her left hand under head and slowly opened her eyes. 

She stared at the wall of her room then she lifted herself with her right arm while slowly peering over her hip. She could just see from the top of his head down to his eyes which were still fixed on her. His body was jerking quickly and she knew that could only mean one thing. 

She sat up and watched as he stroked his cock frantically. She positioned herself on her knees and smiled at him. "Stop" she told him. 

He did as he was told but the look on his face let her know he was not happy. 

"Come here" she giggled as she lightly patted the spot beside her on the bed. He stood and took a seat on the bed. 

"I'm guessing you enjoyed the view" she teased. He could only nod his head up and down at this point. 

"Why don't we slow things down for a little while" she crawled up towards the head of the bed. She leaned over and took his hand pulling him up beside her. 

She put her hands on his shoulders now and laid him back with his head coming to rest on a pillow. She straddled his waist and put her face close to his. She puckered her lips and gave him a tiny kiss. 

"I want to kiss you for a bit" she whispered. He reached his face up to meet hers but she pulled back. "No silly. I want to kiss you" she said in an almost childlike way. 

He rested his head against the pillow again and closed his eyes as she began to kiss his face. Her lips moved over his left cheek, his temple, down his jaw to his chin then over to the right side of his face. She kissed his ear and gave his ear lobe a sharp bite before making her way down his neck. 

She felt his hands rubbing her ass and hips now as she continued to kiss his throat. She was making her way down his body, taking her time, enjoying the feel of his skin under her lips. 

Her mind wandered as her mouth took soft bites of his flesh. She thought of how many times she'd masturbated to this very idea and now it was happening. In her fantasy the room was more luxurious but right now there was no place else in the world she'd rather be. 

His hands were gently caressing her figure as her lips kissed his shoulders and chest. She moved her arms behind her back and grabbed hold of his hands. 

As she moved them away from her body and laid them on the bed he let his fingers entwine with hers. It was such an intimate gesture that she felt overwhelmed by her emotions for a moment. 

How's it possible, she wondered, to have real feelings for someone you're just meeting? 

Taking a deep breath she focused solely on pleasing him. His pleasure would be her pleasure. She resumed kissing her way down the center of his body, heading for where she knew he most wanted her mouth. 

Letting go of his hands she shifted her body lower on his allowing his cock to spring into the air. She smiled at the sight of him standing at attention, waiting so eagerly for the warmth her mouth offered. 

Leaning to the left she licked his hip as the memory of viewing them in so many pictures he'd sent flashed through her mind, his body looking lean and athletic. She licked and kissed her way towards his cock once again feeling his hands explore the slopes of her body and it fueled her desire.

She let the right side of her face brush against his stiff shaft and she heard him moan. Tilting her head towards him, she let the tip of her tongue graze up the side of his flesh while moving into position directly above him. 

She wet her lips before letting them slip slowly over the head of his shaft. She let her tongue glide over the sensitive head which caused him to raise his hips trying to force more of himself into her mouth.

Lifting her head quickly she looked him in the face and sternly said, "No! You must behave or you'll be punished." 

"Punished?" he queried. "Just how would you plan on punishing me?"

The look on her face became quite sly as she said, "Remember how you just came?" 

He nodded his head yes.

"Well" she said, "That will be the last time you cum today." She cocked an eyebrow then asked, "Got it?"

Again he nodded his head yes but the smile on his face let her know he was doubtful she'd be able to not let him cum while they spent this short time together.

Placing her hands on his hips she said, "Just in case you forget." 

He laughed then let his head flop back on the pillow while waiting for the amazing sensation of her warmth to once more surround his desperate cock.

Lowering herself she took the head of his shaft into her mouth and again began caressing him with her tongue. His hips jerked slightly under her hands but there was no upward movement. She wanted to reward him for his restraint and took him a little deeper in to her mouth. 

A moan escaped her as her lips slid around his warm flesh. It was the most intense erotic experience she'd ever had. She let her tongue explore this foreign body in its presence, brushing over every ridge on the skin, flicking lower down its length. She wanted to gobble him up.

Slowly she began raising her head up and down on him now, every time allowing herself to take a little more of him in her mouth. She'd never felt this comfortable going down on anyone before, perhaps it was only because she wanted this so much herself. 

The rhythm of her head almost felt hypnotic and she imagined using one of her dildos on herself. She knew how good it felt to have consistency while building herself up to a wonderfully rewarding orgasm. 

Using that same method on him now, she slipped her lips up his cock, almost letting him slide out then moving smoothly back down, each time a little deeper, holding him a little longer then back up while sucking on him. 

She felt his hands on her head, not guiding, simply resting. Every now and again she heard him moan or exhale sharply. She could feel his body arching and his legs jerking involuntarily.

She knew he'd soon want her to start moving a little faster but in her heart she wanted to dangle him on this sexual edge for as long as possible. The control was hers and selfishly she wanted to possess it.

She allowed herself one last minute to savor the feeling of his hard cock in her mouth before letting him slide free from her lips. As his hands fell from her head she placed her own hand on his shaft and began stroking faster than she'd been sucking. 

She looked up and smiled at the sight of his head pressed deep into the pillow, his hands now gripping the sheets tightly, his chest rising and falling at a rapid pace. 

"So, I've got a favor to ask of you" she said as she continued manipulating his cock now with both hands.

"Wh-, wh-," he could hardly get the word out, "What?"

"Wh-, wh- well" she teased, "I saw something in a video once and was thinking that you might be the right person to help me try it out." 

She massaged his cock with her hands like she was molding clay, occasionally she'd run her fingertips through the precum dripping from the tip. 

"Do you think you can help me?" she asked.

"Sure" he gasped. He couldn't think beyond the pleasure she was giving him at this moment. In fact, he didn't care what she wanted to try, it didn't matter. All that mattered was this exquisite feeling of arousal keep going. He didn't want it to end, ever. 

His eyes shot open when he didn't feel her hands on him anymore. Lifting his head, he saw her repositioning once more. She was straddling his waist just over his cock.

"Now don't laugh, okay?" she almost sounded embarrassed. "When I first saw this I thought it looked like fun so bear with me until I get the hang of it."

He was curious what she had in mind but trusted her completely. He placed his hands on her thighs and lightly started rubbing them, his cock still tingling with excitement. 
