 As I walked in his door he started to kiss me... kissing and just touching above clothing... he seemed to be in no hurry. Slowly he proceeded to remove my clothing bit by bit, running his tongue all over me... 

Shirt off and his tongue is sliding over my shoulders, my back, back up to my neck and down over my waist and back up towards my breast as he removed my bra. Undoing it he slides the straps slowly down and lets the bra drop to the ground. He is busy paying attention to my breasts. muzzling and licking them... god he has me so hot already. 

Unbuttoning my jeans he slides them down over my legs and eases them off my feet.. His tongue following and teasing me. As the second leg is removed his tongue is already teasing... raising a little, and gently sliding upwards towards my pussy he turns me slightly to lean over the pool table.

His tongue is still driving me wild, lapping at my inner thighs and running the length of my slit. His fingers searching and finding me centre. His tongue tracks a path that leads towards my back.. Teasing me and pleasing me... my moans telling him I am not wanting it to end. He takes my clit into his mouth... sucking gently... teasing me, sliding it slowly backwards and is rimming my arse. 

Already I am ready to climax and I have only just barely walked into the front door and already my legs are like jelly. As his mouth is kissing his way back up to kiss me he is allowing me to sink lower so that I can taste his skin.. grazing my way down licking and kissing his smooth hairless chest as I remove his lacy shirt, getting little tastes of his skin as I sink lower. there are little butterfly weight clamps on his nipples and I tweak them as I go.. Lower, lower, my tongue against his hard length that is sitting beneath the lace boxers. As I remove the lace pants I discover that he has a ring of steel encasing is hard cock and clean shaven balls... my mouth itching to take him inside. to feel him against my tongue... I start to slide my lips over his cock and fully into my mouth...

My hands cupping his balls. Sinking lower I let my tongue flick his balls... and lower returning the favour and rimming his arse... mmm, I am so excited about this playdate it is amazing. So glad I came I am happy when he says that we should really take this over to the bed where we can stretch out more... moving on jelly legs I agree... I want lots of room to enjoy him. 

Taking a moment to look around our surroundings I notice that he has taken the time to set the mood... you can smell the incense and there is candles grouped in clumps spaced around the room and even though it is only early afternoon it really does work. He comes up to me and starts to kiss me again... His fingers playing with my pussy he slowly eases them inside me tormenting and making me moan. I tell him that to be fair he has to let me play a little with him... pushing him backwards on the bed I start to tease his magnificent hard cock... letting him slide deeper and deeper into my mouth, up and down I go taking more and more with each downward thrust. I make sure that I am flicking his tip with every rise and getting that little taste of precum. 

He moans, I move off of his cock and focus my attention to his balls... taking them into my mouth and humming a little as I am sucking them... lower still... my hands on the back of his thighs I push his legs higher, giving me more access to continue rimming his arse. 

I am enjoying myself just knowing he is not only getting off himself but is also pleasuring me. That's something that doesn't happen that often. He tells me that this is meant to be all about him ... laughing. He manoeuvres himself so that he is behind me. His fingers again working my pussy and automatically making me cum. His cock sitting tapping against my opening.

My body automatically wants to sink down onto it. And slowly he pulls his fingers out and lets me do just that, filling me. My pussy instantly responds. He starts to slide me up and down... controlling how we are moving. Giving me the whole eight plus inches...

Driving me closer and closer to orgasm whilst he seemingly holding back his own with ease. He is fucking me doggy and it almost feels he is trying to reach my throat. 

My muscles screaming in protest but I still so excited at the same time that I could not have asked him to stop it for anything. He pulls out and lays back on the bed telling me to come sit on his face and queen him. 

I am nervous as it is something I feel a little uncomfortable with, but the moans and enjoyment I could feel and hear soon showed me that there was nothing wrong with it. I'm reaching around and rubbing his cock with my hand. My tongue licking my lips wanting to taste me on him. He finally lets me lay down lower on the bed and lets his fingers tease my clit and his tongue tease the opening of my pussy. Now and then he is going further down to rim me and back to torment my pussy more...

I am gushing against his mouth and he is moaning. He tells me how much he is loving our playing and how it's turning him on... he only wishes that I could take it that little step further and pee on him. It is something we have spoken about but he is willing to wait till I am comfortable. He moves his body up to where he is kissing me... my own juices covering his face as I lick and kiss him back. So turned on by all that we are doing and my legs are already like jelly and my will to keep going and do whatever he asks of me is so strong it is almost scary.

He slides his hard cock back and forth over my clit and drives straight in deep... riding me hard and fast he tells me how he is trying hard not to cum, so I pull off him and move to where his is near my face.. He starts tossing off and as he gets closer I am letting my tongue flick his tip. Faster and faster he is so close... 

I am dying inside wanting to taste his cum. He starts to erupt but instead of letting me swallow it all he lets it erupt all over my face. The taste is divine and I am already wanting to have more of it.. He leans down to lick some of it off my face and comes and kisses me... sharing his cum with me. 

We lay back savouring the feelings that are washing over our bodies... talking and recounting our enjoyment. Discussing the things that we hope to do or have done. I look at the time and realise that I have to leave. I have to get home to the kids... but I know we will have a repeat again whenever we can.