 Finally, I was starting my sophomore year of college. After a long and boring summer earning money I was ready to be back at school (not the actual school, but being near campus) and having fun. I moved into a house with my friend Eric and another of his friends, Jason, who I had met once or twice before, but never really talked to. I found out three things within the first week of living with the guy. First, Jason was a jackass. He had a perfect physique and he knew it. His parents also had quite a bit of money adding to his looks a new car and anything else he wanted. He thought he was the greatest thing on the planet and that all people should worship him. I am exaggerating a little on that part, but you get the picture. He was not fun to live with. The second thing I learned was that Jason had a very hot girlfriend named Molly who any guy would love to get in the sack. Molly was about 5'7" tall with blonde hair and green eyes. She was slim and had small C cup sized breasts. Needless to say, she was drop dead gorgeous. The third thing I learned was that Jason treated Molly like dirt, and she was getting fed up with it.

After about six weeks I got to know Molly well and established myself as a shoulder to cry on if she ever needed one. I learned more than I ever needed or wanted to know about Molly and Jason's relationship, but she was a good friend.

One night I heard Jason and Molly fighting in the living room. I was in my room trying to sleep since it was about 4 am. I heard Jason get pissed and walk out of the house slamming the door behind him. A few minutes later I heard a knock on the door to my bedroom. I got up and opened the door. Molly looked as if she were about to burst into tears, but I also noticed she was wearing a very tight short red dress that accented all her features.

"Could you take me home? Jason drove me here and I have no way to get back." She asked feebly.

"Yeah sure. Give me a second to get dressed and get some shoes on." I said trying not to stare at her as I said it.

After getting dressed I took her back to her apartment and dropped her off. Since it wasn't the best neighborhood that she lived in I walked her up to her apartment. I told her good night and was turning to leave when she asked, "Would you mind coming in? I really don't want to be alone right now."

"Sure no problem at all" I said being courteous. 

When inside we sat on the couch and talked about what had happened earlier as I tried to keep my eyes from roaming down to her skirt which had ridden up when she sat down. As she talked she seemed to get more and more confident and less sulky. By the time we stopped talking it was about 6 am and I was as horny as I had ever been. 

"Well I better get going." I said hoping to excuse myself.

That's when I got the surprise of my life. Molly stood up and walked over to me looking as sexy as ever.

"You've been here forever I am sorry about that. If you stay a little longer I will make sure it was worth it." She said as she bent over and kissed me passionately.

My cock went straight to attention and I said, "Sounds like a good idea to me."

I then kissed her again. Our tongues slid over each other as we really got into it. Our bodies were molded together as the kiss reached new heights. Then she broke the kiss and started unbuckling my pants. I lifted my ass off the couch to help her pull down my pants and free my cock.

She immediately went to work on my cock licking the bottom and then slowly and sensuously circling the head before taking it all the way down. I was in heaven as I unzipped her dress and found that she was not wearing a bra underneath. Her breasts were the stuff dreams are made of. Not too big or too small, but just the right size. At the sight of them I couldn't hold back.

"I'm gonna cum!" I said before I blew the biggest load in my life down her throat.

"Mmmmm... I love a good cock in the morning." She said as she licked her lips.

"It's my turn to return the favor." I said as I layed her down and pulled down her panties. The sight was heavenly. There's nothing like a bald pussy to drive a man crazy.

I started kissing her thighs slowly moving towards her pussy. She made cooing noises all the way to her pussy. When I reached her pussy she let out a moan. I started licking the pussy slowly working my way towards the clit.

"OH YES LICK ME! MAKE ME CUM WITH YOUR TONGUE! AHHHH! She screamed as I got to her clit and started licking it.

After a short time I felt her body tense and all her screaming stop as she climaxed. As she was coming down from her climax I slid her forward on the couch to get a more direct line and I pushed into her pussy. She was tight, warm, and wetter than any women I had been in before. I was in heaven as I pumped my cock in and out of her pussy slowly and then more rapidly.

She cooed and moaned as I punished her pussy by banging it hard and fast. I alternated between sucking the breasts and just watching as I pumped into her pussy with abandon. I could tell we were both getting close to our climax because we were both gradually getting louder. I was sure the people in the neighboring rooms of the apartment complex could hear us as I pounded away.

"OH FUCK ME! OH GOD! FUCK ME HARDER!" She screamed over and over again as we both built towards our climax. When I was almost there I finally came to my senses. "I'm gonna cum!" I said as I began to pull out.

She wrapped her legs around me pulling me back into her. "Oh no you don't I am on the pill and I want to feel your come in me." She said with a smirk.

That was all it took I pounded into her harder and harder until we both climaxed at the same time. I unloaded blast after blast into her. After I finished I felt like my balls were empty. I felt happy though because not only had I fucked a beautiful girl, but I had gotten back at the asshole I lived with.

"I think you were right; you made me staying up all night worth it. I should help you out after a fight more often." I said as we both cuddled up on the couch and fell asleep.