 I could hardly believe it. The four hour flight seemed to take days and the excitement was almost more than I could bear. In just a few short minutes I was going to see Debra for the very first time. All through the flight I had reflected on our relationship. How we met in an xxx chat room and now have known each other for five years. We have shared our lives and had cyber sex and phone sex many times. But now we were actually going to meet. It was a spur of the moment decision for me to fly to the Northeast from the South. In fact is was kind of a whim. We had really given up on ever seeing each other in real life.

I got off the plan with just my carry on I didn't want to have to wait for checked baggage...as soon as I walked into the terminal our eyes met. We knew we would not need a sign letting me know she was waiting for "Tony." We knew we would recognize each other in an instant. I walked up to her with both of us smiling. She was standing next to the wall so I just pressed her against the wall with a deep long overdue passionate kiss. I guess those around us thought I had been away and we missed each other and she was welcoming me home. I wanted to fuck her right there. She had pulled me close and I could feel those big boobs we had talked about so many times and had played with in my imagination. Soon they would be mine even if for only a few days.

She took me by the hand and we walked briskly to her waiting car. She asked me to drive and said she would give me directions. As soon as we got in the car I slid the drivers seat back to give me room to drive. But we were not going anywhere for a little while. Before I knew it she had climbed over on me with her back to the steering wheel with one knee on each side of me. She began kissing me: my lips, my neck. We were eating each other up. I wanted to get to her house as quick as possible. I couldn't wait to have her after all of these years. She had different ideas.

She almost screamed the words, "I want it right here and right now. I just have to feel it in me," she said. She tugged at my belt and unbuttoned my jeans while I all but tore her blouse open. There they were! Those big beautiful tits I had longed to touch were right in front of my face. She had raised her skirt up and obviously had not worn any panties. She didn't have to wait for my dick to get hard. It had been that way for too long now. She positioned the head just inside her slit and in one motion sat down on it. Her cunt was hotter and wetter than any I had ever encountered. She began fucking me with all of her might. There was no concern we were right there in the parking garage or that someone might see us. The car had to be bouncing up and down with every stroke. But, we were lost in our passion. I had those beautiful titties in my hands pinching one nipple and sucking on the other one. 

I had fucked this woman many times in my mind but I was not prepared for the fucking she was giving me. Five years of talk and flirting erupted in one moment of intense sex. Her cunt was slapping up and down on my now throbbing cock; her juices dripping down my balls. I cupped her ass in my hands and buried my face between her tits. She had told me many times how she enjoyed having cum shot on her boobs but this was not going to be the time. There was no room and we weren't stopping to try to reposition ourselves. 

I felt the pressure building and knew any moment I was going to shot my load. I warned her and asked if she wanted me to pull out. She never said a word. She just kept riding and moaning. I couldn't hold back any longer. I was going to fill her with my cum. This woman I had fantasized about for all this time was riding my dick with my hands cupping her ass and she was about to take all of my cum. With that I let it go. It seemed to go on forever. Stream after stream of cum hit her pussy walls. She stopped moving, wrapped her arms around my neck, kissed me deep and said, "Let's go to my place."

More to cum...