 She'd always wondered what the inside of his bedroom looked like but now she was in there, she only had eyes for him.

"So... has this been your plan all night? Lure me into your room?" she laughed.

"Well, I didn't plan for this turn of events exactly, but I'd perhaps hoped I'd get you in here one day." He grinned at her wickedly and that electric feeling she'd got the first time she met him spread through her. Only this time it hit her in specific places.

She was suddenly feeling brave, ready for what she hoped was about to happen. "Well, now you have me here, what are you going to do with me?"

"I have a few ideas."

He strode over to where she was standing and pressed his lips into hers with a ferocity she'd never felt before. She wound her arms around his neck, raking her fingers through his hair as she moaned into his mouth.

"You taste like cinnamon. Delicious," he said into her lips. He pulled back from her mouth and looked at her, drinking her in. She could see the need in his piercing blue eyes. She placed both of her hands on his face and pulled his head towards her again. 

"Just so you know," she whispered when their lips were almost touching. "Tonight, I want you. I don't care about your past, my future; just us, now."

Those seemed to be the magic words because before she knew what was happening, he'd grabbed her thighs, wrapped her legs around his waist and carried her over to the bed.

He kissed her neck and she could feel her insides tighten in anticipation of what was to come. He started unbuttoning her dress, moving his mouth across her bare flesh as he uncovered it, worshipping her body in a way she'd never experienced.

She couldn't remember a time when she'd been this turned on, ever. He'd barely touched her and she was already filled with desire, wanting to feel him inside her.

When the last button was undone, he peeled her dress off and flicked off her bra with a practised hand.

"You are so beautiful, Sofia," he said as he stared down at her. He put her left nipple in his mouth and lightly bit down, causing her to groan. It was just the right balance between pleasure and pain. His tongue flicked across one breast, as his hand caressed her other one.

Everything felt heightened, and as his hand moved down from her breast over her stomach and to the top of her thigh she couldn't help but moan. Just his touch felt amazing... and they hadn't even got to the good part yet.

She held her breath as she felt his fingertips wander up her skin, getting closer to the source of the ache that she knew only he could soothe. His hand continued to move, tracing up the inside of one thigh, then down the other, whilst his mouth focused on her breasts. Touching her everywhere but where she wanted him.

"Please, Nick," she whimpered. "I need you to touch me."

"Oh, but I am. Your skin feels incredible and your reaction to my touch has me so turned on I can barely see straight."

To prove his point he leaned into her hip, letting her feel his arousal beneath his jeans. She moved her hands to undo his belt and feel his erection for herself, but he grabbed her wrists and pulled her arms above her head.

"No, you don't. Not yet. It's you first," he said, kissing her mouth then tracing his lips down her neck, breasts and stomach until he reached her pants. He slipped a finger inside the elastic near her hip and slowly pulled them down her legs, kissing the inside of her thighs as he went.

She felt like she was going to burst if he didn't touch her soon and just as she was about to beg, his head was between her legs, his tongue circling the exact place she wanted it. Her back bowed and her breath caught as his tongue caressed her clit, then darted inside of her. Every movement his mouth made caused her whole body to tingle.

He pushed a finger inside her, then another, stroking the spot that was screaming for attention and she could feel the heat engulfing her body as the waves of orgasm spread through her. She'd never come this quickly, but she knew it was because of him, only he could do this to her. She called out his name as the feeling overwhelmed her and she reached climax.

He unbuckled his belt, whipping his jeans off in record time and pulled down his boxers. As her breathing calmed, she watched him holding himself. It was the biggest she'd seen and she couldn't wait for him to fill her.

"Look at what you do to me, Sofia. I've never been this hard."

"I need you inside me. Now," she whispered and he was only too willing to comply. He reached into a drawer, pulling out a condom and rolling it down his considerable length. She sighed as he inched himself inside her, stretching to accommodate him.

This is what she'd needed. What she'd wanted since the first time she'd laid eyes on him and it had taken this long for her to realise.

He pulled out and thrust back into her harder, causing her whole body to shudder, then repeated again and again. As his thrusts grew faster and deeper she lost all control, moaning and calling out his name. 

She was usually too self-conscious to really let herself go during sex, too worried that people would hear, or that she'd say something embarrassing, but right now she couldn't help herself.

Just as she could feel herself falling over the edge again, he slowed right down and she felt her orgasm ebb away. His strokes felt incredible inside her and when she looked up, she saw his eyes boring into hers.

"You feel so good. You have no idea how much I've wanted you like this. How much I've thought about you. You're one of a kind, Sofia." He bent his head down and kissed her so tenderly that she could barely feel the touch of his lips on hers. Her hands clasped his face and she pulled him into a deeper kiss, coaxing his tongue with hers.

"I'm coming," he said, grunting as his body convulsed. "Come with me, Sof."

At the sound of his words, she let any last slither of restraint go and lost herself to him again, letting the feeling wash over her. She had no idea sex could feel this good.

He fell back on to the bed and pulled her onto his torso, holding her tightly. She happily nestled into him, placing her arm across his body.

"That was incredible," she said once she had caught her breath back. She rested her chin on him and looked up into his blue eyes. His face broke into a beautiful smile.

"It was for me, too." She lay against his chest and he kissed the top of her head. "Now we need to sleep and regain strength."

She giggled as she closed her eyes and drifted off, completely spent after the best night of her life.

When she woke, she realised that his side of the bed was empty. She bounded out of bed, threw on the dress she'd been wearing the night before. Just as she was about to open the door in search for Nick, a middle-aged woman carrying a tray walked in.

"Oh, hello?" Sofia stepped back, surprised.

"Hello dear. I'm Maggie, Mr. Bellini's cleaner," she smiled kindly at her. "He's had to leave and asked that I fix you some breakfast before you go. I wasn't too sure what you'd want, so I've brought you a bit of everything. I'll just pop it on the side here and you can decide what you want and I'll come collect whatever you don't eat. Once you're gone."

Maggie looked meaningfully at her and then strode into the room to place the huge tray on to Nick's sideboard.

"Ah. OK. Thank you very much. Did Mr. Bellini say what time he'd be back?" Sofia asked.

"By the sounds of it, he's going to be gone for a couple of days," said Maggie.

"Right. Well, thank you. I'll eat up and get going, then."

Maggie paused in the doorway, looking like she was about to say something else, but just nodded, giving a weak smile and left.

Sofia couldn't believe he'd left her without waking her and telling her he was going away. After last night she thought something had changed between them, that it was more than just sex for him this time.

She picked up her phone and called him. She had to hear his voice, just to know that everything was okay.

"Nick Bellini," he said abruptly as he answered the call.

"Oh, hi." She suddenly felt really nervous.

"Hey, Sofia."

"You're gone?" 

"Is that a question or a statement?" He was back to being the joker, gone was the sweet Nick of last night.

"It's a statement that has a lot of unanswered questions to go with it."

"I'm really sorry, I had to go. Something's come up, something I need to deal with right away."

"And you couldn't have just woken me up and told me that yourself, instead of sending one of your employees in to tell me? She's also made it pretty clear that I need to leave as soon as possible."

"I didn't ask Maggie to get you to leave; I just wanted to make sure you had everything you needed, including breakfast."

"Well, what I needed this morning was you."

He sighed. "Look, Sofia..."

"No, I totally get it. You're freaking out, just like I knew you would, but I don't know, you seemed different with me last night. I was just me reading too much into it, obviously. I know how you work with women, I've had to clean up enough of your messes, after all."

"No, it's not-"

"Nick, it's fine. Your message has been received loud and clear, don't worry. I won't bother you again."

"Sof-"

She hung up before he could say anything more and a sharp pain hit her chest as tears filled her eyes. What an idiot she was for thinking last night would have actually meant the same to him as it did to her.

She looked over at the tray sat on the sideboard. On it sat three different cereals, a jug of milk, a bowl filled with different fruits, a croissant, a pain au chocolat, butter and a variety of jams. Maggie had clearly put a lot of effort into the breakfast spread but Sofia couldn't bring herself to touch a bite.

Her phone rang and she saw Nick's name flash up on the screen. She shook her head, switched her phone off and wiped away her tears, before walking out of his bedroom, out of his house and this time, out of his life for good...