 They had been friends for years, but never dated each other. They went out on occasion, but always talked about their current or just-ended love interests. There always seemed to be a level of sexual tension between them, but let it go at that. They never acted on those urges, both feeling that it would hurt their friendship to no end.

It was Thursday; a day that they decided would be a day for dinner and a movie. But rather than go out, she suggested he come by her place for pizza and a couple of DVDs she just bought. He readily agreed.

He arrived at her place promptly at 6:00 pm, dressed in a T-shirt and sweats. "So is THIS how you dress for our 'dates' now?" she laughed. "You should talk," he joked noting her oversized sweatshirt and pajama-like shorts. They both chuckled as he walked by, and she closed the door behind him.

The pizza was already at her apartment, so they were able to eat and start watching the movies without interruption. Nothing was out of the ordinary this evening – at least at the beginning.

A large pizza, a couple of movies and quite a few beers later, the two of them were laughing and joking about their last failed relationships. "Thanks for agreeing to come by tonight, Dave! I really needed a nice relaxing night with a good friend."

"Christy, you know I'd come by anytime you asked. How could I possibly say no to you?" he quipped.

"Awwww, you're so sweet," and she leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. At the same time, he grabbed her and they began to wrestle on the floor, tickling each other till they couldn't move from the laughter. She was lying on top of him by this time, straddling his waist. She had always had a secret attraction to Dave – a young man of 26, with dark hair and eyes. He stood about "6'1", on a good day," as he put it, weighing an athletic 210 lbs. Even with his size, she always gave him a run for his money with her 5'9", 125 lb frame. At 25, she was much stronger than she looked to most; and being a very attractive blonde with piercing blue eyes, she intimidated most of men she met!

He wasn't sure if it was the beers they were drinking, but he couldn't help notice her 36C breasts bouncing underneath her sweatshirt. It was easy to tell she wasn't wearing a bra, and that caused a stirring of his penis. He realized this and hoped that she didn't notice. There was no reaction on her part, but she knew. She decided to tease him a little, and sat up. She grabbed the bottom of her sweatshirt and started fanning herself. "Boy, is it hot in here, or is it just me?" She would lift the shirt just enough for him to catch a glimpse of her torso. He always admired her body when they went out in the summer, but this was just an added bonus. He was staring at her flat stomach, noticing the sweat dripping down, but almost went bug-eyed when she flashed a little breast to him. At first he thought it was accidental, but when it kept happening, his mind started to race – along with his pulse. This obviously didn't help his situation and she knew it – she could really start to feel him growing underneath her.

They had never teased each other too far, but she didn't care anymore. She was horny. It had to be the combination of that and the beer, but they both felt the heat between them.

Just when he started to reach out for her, she said, "Oh look. This sweatshirt is getting soaked from the wrestling. I'll be right back – I'm going to change into something dry!" With that, she got up and went to her bedroom.

When she left, he laid on the floor for a moment, not knowing what was going on, except for the erection that was quite obvious through his sweats. He wasn't sure what to do at that point, so he decided to move up to the couch and wait to see what her next move was going to be.

He sat at watched TV for what seemed like hours, but it was only about 10 minutes. He figured she calmed down a bit, and just let it go. Since the ouch faced opposite where her bedroom was, he kind of jumped when from behind him, she handed another beer to him accompanied by a shot of Jagermeister this time! "Whoa, what's this for? I don't even LIKE Jager," he said. He lied about that. She remembered him saying in the past that a couple of shots of that stuff always helped him "close the deal" with a girl he just met!

"This is a bit of a celebration. We both have the day off tomorrow, so why not get drunk? You can crash here if you like."

"OK, but what else are we…" He stopped when he turned to look at her and saw her standing there with a beer and a shot for herself. But what stopped him in mid-sentence was the fact that she was standing in a very small tank top and white thong! "DAMN," he thought – instant erection again. "What the hell are you doing?" he stated.

"Are you complaining about how I look?"

"Uhh … well … no, but …"

"Then shut the hell up and let's toast! Here's to doing something new, that's WAY overdue!" Then she slammed her shot and chugged the whole beer! With a cute little burp, she wiped her mouth seductively with her hand and fingers. "Your turn!"

Dave slammed his shot down, and started to drink his beer. By the time he was done, she had already turned on some music on her stereo and was new standing in front of him, legs apart and hands on her hips. "Seems you like my new outfit," she said as she pointed at his crotch. He looked down embarrassed, and noticed the huge bulge in his sweats and the obvious wet spot where the end of his cock was.

"Let's see if I can make it worse, before I can make it better!"

"But Christy, we can't really do this. What's this going to do to us?" he half-heartedly protested. He wanted this as much, if not more, than her.

"Shut up and let's just do this. You know you want this!" She started to sway her hips seductively to the music – all the while slowly removing her top. She never broke eye contact with him – Dave looked like a deer caught in headlights. He couldn't move; he couldn't believe what was happening or what was about to happen.

With her top now off, Christy moved close to Dave, kneeling between his legs. She began to massage her breasts, lightly rubbing and pinching her nipples, which were hard as rocks with excitement. She began to moan, which instinctively caused Dave's mouth to water, making him lick his lips. Her left hand kept kneading her tits as her right hand started to move downward. As she reached her panties, she realized how soaked they already were with her juices. She closed her eyes giving a slight whimper as she rubbed her clit through the thin fabric.

In the man time, Dave began to rub his now aching cock through his sweats. He pulled the waistband down far enough to free his cock and slowly started pumping as his gorgeous friend continued to pleasure herself. She rubbed faster and harder, bringing herself to the first of many climaxes that evening. As she was coming down, she opened her eyes and saw him pumping his cock for all it was worth. She practically ripped his sweats off as he stroked, not missing a beat. She sat back down, her face just inches from his cock, telling him, "Cum for me, baby! I want to taste your cum. Come on, shoot your load in my mouth. Show me how much you want me!"

That's all he needed. "UUUUUUUNNNNNGH – I'M CUMMING, OH GOD!" He released, his first shot went into her mouth, as she held herself over his member. The next few shots wound up on her chin and cheeks, dripping down to her chest, as well as over his hand and crotch. "Oh look, you're all messy. Here, let me clean you up." She first grabbed his hand with her mouth slowly sucking his fingers clean while she rubbed what cum was on her into her skin. "MMMM, you taste so good. You know I'm going to want more later!"

She then began to lick his balls clean, and around the base of his still throbbing cock. She started moving up the shaft, licking and sucking with her mouth and tongue, as her and squeezed out what cum was left in his rod. She moved up to the sensitive head, which made him jump a little, but he definitely didn't mind. When she was done, he brought her close to him, kissing her deeply. As their tongues swirled together, he could taste his own cum still in her mouth, but that just seemed to turn him on all the more!

"I think YOU need some attention, now!" he said, and picked her up, setting her on the couch. He took her place on the floor and pulled her down until her ass was on the edge of the cushion. He leaned forward at kissed her forehead, then her nose, across to each eyelid, softly kissing each one. He kissed her cheeks, still flavored of his jism – he didn't care anymore. His lips finally met hers, and they kissed lightly at first. As their kiss grew in intensity, so his cock began to spring back to life (it never really went all the way down). Given his position, she could feel his cock begin to swell against her pussy through her panties. She reached out and grabbed his hips pulling him hard against her, as she unconsciously started to move her hips. "Oh no you don't, not so fast! I'm going to make sure you enjoy this."

He reluctantly pulled himself from her grip and kissed down her neck and shoulders. When he moved to her breasts, he stopped for a moment – admiring how perfect they looked to him. He began to rub her breasts with his hands, pinching the nipples every so often. She opened her mouth in silence, drawing in a breath. He moved his head so he could lick around her left areola, finally sucking in the erect nipple into his moth. The combination of his sucking, licking and biting the nipple caused her to moan out loud. "Oh God, that feels so good," she said. That was music to his ears. "If you like that," he replied, "just you wait!"

He moved to her right breast, kissing all around it at first. Then suddenly, he sucked in as much of her flesh as he could, swirling his tongue all over her nipple. She squealed in pleasure.

He moved down her taut stomach with his tongue and lips, stopping briefly at her belly button, lightly flicking the barbell piercing she had. He kept moving down until he reached her panty line. He inhaled deeply, the scent of her pussy intoxicating him almost to the point of losing control. He could easily see her engorged clit through the fabric. He pressed his nose against her love button, and then moved down her pussy in small little circles. She got a hold of his hair with both hands and smothered his face against her crotch, grinding into his face – she had reached her second climax. He could hardly breathe, but so what! He was about to have the best fuck of his life, and he was sinfully going to torture her before it actually happened!

He practically tore the panties from her body, temporarily losing his composure in a fit of animalistic lust. Again he stopped, this time staring in awe at her pussy. She kept it clean-shaven, and it was glistening with her secretions from the previous orgasms she had. He first began to kiss the area around her pussy, teasing her (and himself, now) to no end. "DAMN IT, EAT ME NOW!" she shouted. "Well, if you insist," was all he said.

He dove in, licking her pussy like a puppy dog lapping at a bowl full of water on a hot summer day! He licked her lips, sucked on them, and then thrust his tongue in and out of her pussy. He then started to lick up and down the length of her pussy with the full width of his tongue. He finally reached her clit, and sucked and licked it, all the while placing two fingers into her. He found her G-spot inside, and started to massage her magical region while licking her clit. It was like riding a bucking bronco – she was moving around so much, practically hyperventilating.

She had one of the most explosive orgasms of her life right then and there, coating his hand with some of her own cum! He removed his fingers to her dismay, but then planted one of them into her asshole. It surprised her, but she loved the feeling since he was still licking her. The sensation was bringing her closer to another orgasm, when she demanded," Fuck me now. I need to feel that cock of yours in my hot pussy!"

With her legs spread as far as they could go, he knelt up and began to rub the head of his cock around her pussy lips and over her clit. When he felt it was lubricated enough with her juices, he rammed his full 8 inches into her completely. They both screamed out! At first, he stayed deep inside her, as he reveled in the feeling of her muscles squeezing at him over and over. He couldn't believe how good it felt. He looked down at her face – it was as if she was drugged, but she was highly sensitive to what was happening to her.

He slowly pulled out of her, and then thrust back, his pubic bone hitting her clit, his balls thumping against her ass cheeks. He then began to fuck her slowly. At the same time, she began to rub her tits again, bringing one of her nipples up to her mouth. She forgot that he still had a finger planted firmly in her rectum, until he started twisting his hand back and forth. His pace began to quicken, as did their breathing. She thought the sensation of both her holes being occupied was enough to put her completely over the edge yet again, until he took his thumb on his left hand and started rubbing her sore clit! Christy practically jumped off the couch, and his fucking had quickened even more, if that was possible. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! OOOOOHHHHH FUUUUCK!" was all she could say. "God, your pussy feels so good. I'm going to fuck you all night long," he told her.

"Cumming, shit I'm cumming again!" she exclaimed. "I want you to cum with me. I want you to cum deep inside my pussy. Cum for me now, baby. I want to feel you explode!" she reached down with one hand and started to massage his balls as he kept slamming into her. "I'M GONNA … I'M GONNA …" Dave yelled, and with a loud, almost beastly growl, blasted his seed inside her, right as she had climaxed. Her orgasm made her pussy muscles contract repeatedly, giving him the feeling that she was milking his cum right out of him. He kept on pumping in and out of her, which made the mixture of both their orgasms drip out of her worn pussy, down the crack of her ass, and onto the couch and floor.

Exhausted, he slumped over her, as they lightly kissed each other. He finally rolled off of her, and sat next to her on the couch where they cuddled.

"That was incredible," he said.

"I know! Why didn't we ever do this before?" she asked.

She had finally gathered enough strength to sit up, and eventually stand. She looked down at herself, then at him. "Boy, are we a mess," she joked. "I'm going to take a quick shower."

"Okay," was all he said. She got to her bathroom, turned the water on, then peeked back out the door. "Are you joining me, or what?" she called. With a sudden twitch in his groin, and without a word, his stood up and walked towards the bathroom. "Round 2," he thought to himself!