 Sheila and I have been married six years now and we've stayed happy with each other, even though we've had a few ups and downs. These were more to do with job and money than anything. In the time since we've been married, we've each lost our job, though, right now, we're both employed. I actually am making considerably more money, a real blessing these days.

When the stress would begin to get to us, we always resorted to the stress-relieving exercises we began using when we were dating: sex. You see, I married one of those wonderful women who simply adores sex.

On our third date, she had me to her apartment for dinner and answered the door wearing an apron. Well, I soon had that off and we spent the rest of the evening in bed. That's the kind of woman Sheila is.

She also looks good, clothed or not. She's twenty-eight, a brunette with wavy hair just below her shoulders, one hundred-eighteen pounds, thirty-four B-cup, but it's a full cup, narrow waist and lovely hips and long legs beneath. She's five-six and naked she looks really great. Her boobs are really nice, firm, tipped with dark pink nipples that get excited so easily. I just love getting them hard, even when we're out at dinner or at friend's, I'll take a quick pinch or rub when no one's looking just to firm them up.

Sheila has always pushed the limits of our sex more than I have. She loves to go shopping braless and in a short skirt and no panties, even flash men with a few open leg shots as we have lunch. Even shoe shopping. I just wait outside, taking occasional glances in the window as the clerk, she makes sure it's a male every time, slips shoes on and off her feet as she asks him each time if he thinks it looks good. She's a hot tease and she loves doing it.

Sex in public places also turns her on. We've done it in most of the parks in our city at one time or another and there was one time when I was sure we were going to get caught but I think the cop just thought it was funny and left us alone. Me, I was scared of death, Sheila, well, she had a terrific orgasm.

So, Sheila and I are a great match unlike her younger sister, Erica, and her husband, Jody. There's been no one in the family, except Erica, who thought Jody was anything but a conceited asshole. And, that's his good side. I don't think he's ever hit her or abused her physically but he has constantly ridden her about everything she does.

He even gets on her about her looks. Well, let me tell you, my wife, Sheila, is one good-looking woman and her younger sister is a beauty. Yes, even prettier. But all you would hear from Jody is how bad her hair looked or whatever, just always putting her down. Sheila and I have talked to her about leaving him and, well, I know this kind of thing happens pretty often, she's just hesitant to do it.

Then, one Saturday morning, Erica called me to see if I could come over to help her put together a media storage cabinet that she had ordered online. She told me that she'd opened it up, then saw that it was really beyond her to put it all together. I knew that her husband was traveling and was of little help around the house anyway, so I went over to help my sister-in-law.

She showed me into the family room and the pieces of the assembly were scattered all over the floor.

"Sorry, Pierce, this is as far as I got."

So, I got down amidst the pieces littering the floor and opened the instructions which were no more than an exploded-view diagram of the unit. I did see that some parts required gluing so I knew right away that I'd better be sure how it all went together before I started gluing.

Erica sat on the floor across the pile of pieces, her legs crossed under her Indian-style, her dressing gown open a bit showing me the crotch of her white panties. The effect was immediate, of course, as my cock began to rise.

We went on, putting pieces together, figuring out what went where and as she shifted, I could see a newly-formed damp spot on her panties which had the obvious effect on me.

We worked on, finally gluing it all together, it looked straight and true, just the way my cock felt as I again got a view of her panties which were now wet all along her crease.

I stood up and we both moved the cabinet out of the way so the glue could set properly.

As I raised up, Erica said, "Well, Pierce, I think you need to take that home and have Sheila take care of that for you," as she nodded to my middle.

Throwing caution to the winds, I answered back, "Looks to me like you need to take yourself back to your bedroom and take care of that," nodding at her middle.

"Well, that's the only way I've been taken care of lately, it's been, um, three months now."

"Oh, I'm really sorry to hear that, Erica, that just shouldn't happen to someone as pretty and nice as you."

"That's nice of you, Pierce, Sheila has told me what a wonderful lover you are and I just wish Jody would do some of the things to me that Sheila tells me you do for her."

"So what does Sheila tell you about us?"

"I've been talking to her for some time about my lack of a love life and she has told me a lot about how wonderful you are. She even said I should try you out. I laughed and she said, 'No, I really mean it, you should get Pierce to make love to you.'"

It began to dawn on me.

"You mean that's why I'm here today?"

"Actually, yes, we talked about it and she said I should give you a try in the bedroom."

"And, she's good with this?"

"She is and she's right down the block waiting for me to call her on her cell if it went this far. Are you ready to have us both?"

I stood there, my mind going a million miles an hour.

"Both of you? Right now?"

"She said if we got this far and we both wanted to go farther, that she would be waiting nearby for me to call. Should I call?"

There was no way I was going to say no, that's for sure.

"Do you have speed-dial?" I asked with a grin as she picked up her cellphone off the table and got her sister on the phone.

"Well, Sis, I think we've got our first threesome, come on, the door's unlocked, we'll be in my bedroom," and hung up.

"Follow me, Pierce," as I went behind her swaying butt down the hall to the master suite.

As we walked in, the covers were off the bed and several candles were lit. Obviously she had figured that I would be up for this both emotionally and physically.

My sister-in-law turned around, unbuttoned her dressing gown, took it off and lowered her panties to the floor and stepped out of them as I began undressing.

I'd seen Erica in a bikini, so I knew she had a lovely body. She's twenty-four and gorgeous. Her breasts were perfect, just like a sixteen-year old, firm, round, standing out just stunningly, small, pink nipples, all aroused and eager.

Her pussy was beautifully bare, shaved perfectly, pretty and plump, her groove waiting for me as I pulled off my briefs.

"Oh, Sheila never told me about this," she said as she reached down and took my cock in her hand. "Mmm, nice, oh, now I'm really glad we're doing this, come to bed," and she got on the bed spreading open for me. Well, there's no way I'm fucking her without eating her out first.

I crawled up between her legs and lowered down onto her licking up and down.

"Mmm, oh, this is going to be wonderful. It's been so long since a man has done this to me, oh, I love this, thank you, Pierce, oh, thank you."

She was delicious, juicy, just perfect.

"Well, look at you two," I heard from behind me. I raised up and there was my wife looking at me down between her sister's legs, my face gleaming with her juices, a smile across my face.

"Be with you in a sec, hon," as I went back to work between Erica's legs. Then I felt Sheila's hands on my side as she pulled me over on my back.

"No, it's both of us. Get up over his face, Sis, let him eat you that way, I'm sucking his cock," she said as she was sliding her panties off her feet.

I lay there on my back as I watched Erica's wet pussy descend over my face while I felt Sheila's lips slip over my cock, my idea of heaven. I managed to get up to Erica's clit which was very swollen, larger than her sister's who's I've licked and sucked so many times before. It immediately got her moaning and she pressed down harder on me, scooting back and forth as I felt her pussy spasm as juices came flowing out of her into my mouth and face, drooling down my neck.

"Omigod, I'm cumming! Oh, it's wonderful, UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm, oh, oh," she cried. Sheila continued sucking me up and down, now concentrating on the tip of my cock as she sucked and wiped her tongue around the head. That's all it took, I began cumming deeply into my wife's wondrous mouth once again, the latest in myriad of times she's sucked my cum out.

My wife pulled up off me and they both got down next to me, each of their arms around me, kissing me.

"Wow, both of you, this is incredible," I said as my head spun with happiness. I moved down between my wife's legs and began on her. She was so wet, just sopping as I lapped and lapped as she writhed under me, her hands on my head as she moaned.

"Mmm, mmm, oh, right there, right there, perfect. OH, OOH, OOH, UUH, uuh, mmm, mmm, oh, hon, you are so good, mmm," and she clamped her thighs tight keeping me there licking and tonguing her hot pussy.

She finally released me and I got back up between my wife and her sister. They were both kissing me, Sheila was rubbing her hand over my chest as Erica stroked my cock.

"You told me how great a lover Pierce was, Sis, but you never told my how big his cock was. You are one lucky girl."

"Well, you are, too, now. I'm happy to share him with you and I'll bet my well-hung hubby's pretty happy to share his bounty with my little sister."

"Well, I'm sure ready for this nice, big cock of your husband's, Shiel, let me get it nice and hard," and my wife and I watched as her little sister, well, she's not so little, get up over me and drop her mouth over my cock to begin sucking me.

Like most guys (Are there really any who don't?), I just love the sensual thrill of a woman's warm, soft mouth pulling up and down on my cock as she runs her tongue around the tip. I'm one of those who would just love being sucked forever. And, Erica was good, very good.

She sucked me for a few minutes as Sheila and I kissed and I played with her lovely boobs, then Erica got up, swung her leg up over me, reached down, gripped my cock and lowered right down on me and began scissoring straight up and down.

Oh, she was tight, really tight, especially when she rose up. It felt like her pussy was sucking me. I was playing with her pretty boobs, firmer than Sheila's, nipples like little rocks.

"Mmm, god, you are so lucky to have a guy with a nice big, thick cock like this. Oh, am I full. Now I know what it's all about, guy's with big cocks. Oh, yeah," she groaned as she moved up and down over me.

Sheila leaned close to my ear and whispered, "You like my sister fucking you?"

I rolled my eyes in reply and she kissed me, then whispered, "Well, you can fuck her all you want. Just keep me happy, too."

Wow, every man's dream come true.

"Mmm, oooh, oooh, I'm really close, mmm, oh, yeah, OH, OOH, UUH, UUH, UHN, mmm, mmm, oh, so good, so good, mmm, oh, oh," and she fell over me, still grinding her pussy around my buried cock, kissing me, whispering how good it was.

Her legs were spread out over my hips as she continued fucking me.

"Mmm, this is so good, I just don't want to stop," she murmured and just kept going. Sheila moved so she could get her hand up between my legs as her sister fucked over me and my wife began playing with my balls. I lay there being supremely pleasured by these two beautiful sisters until I finally tensed, threw my hips up as my semen gushed deep up inside my sister-in-law's pussy.

"Mmm, oh, Pierce, I love your cum, mmm, just love it," as they both kissed me over and over.

Sheila and I stayed at her sister's house the rest of the day as I was shared between these two, super-hot siblings. Then, my lovely wife had a surprise for both me and her sister.

"Sis, I think Pierce should stay with you tonight so you can sleep together and enjoy each other to the fullest. It's my gift to you both, the two people I love the most in the world."

Well, there it was, me sleeping with my beautiful sister-in-law with my wife's permission and encouragement. What a wife.

She started getting dressed and, on her way out to go home, she told me to be back home tomorrow for supper and to make sure her sister was a happy, satisfied woman by then.

Well, I was able to fuck Erica twice more that night and three more times on Sunday. We were naked the whole time, something she really seemed to enjoy, she rarely let my cock out of her grasp and we ran the hot water out showering together, something she told me she'd never done before. What a shame.

You may be wondering what ever became of Erica and Jody.

Well, Jody took care of everything himself. He left Erica for a high school girl that he'd gotten pregnant and he and Erica were quickly divorced.

Sheila suggested that her sister move in with us until she got back on her feet and, now, six years later, she's still living with us. I've made sure I keep her off her feet as much as possible.

Does Sheila still share me with her little sister? Well, as of about a half-hour ago she does. We found out right off that three can fit on a king-sized bed fairly well, as long as things don't get too bouncy. They have a few times but we're able to cope with it.

Oh, you might be interested that I now have a supply of that 'little blue pill' you've seen on television. It helps me get through the weekends.