 Damn this weather he thought! It was coming down in buckets! The powerful man knew he had a long way to go, but he needed to keep going no matter how bad it got... The old Harley roaring under him was running strong, so he wasn't too concerned about the lousy weather or the poor road conditions. He knew he'd make good time in spite of the foul weather. There was a good eighty miles left in the tank and he figured to just push on till he needed more.

His leather chaps fit well and his jacket was snug over his broad shoulders, so keeping dry wasn't a huge concern. Still glad as hell to be headed away from the coast and the bad weather instead of towards it. Figuring he'd be riding in the wind with the sun warming his back by morning. The man was tall, strong and battle tested. Glad to be free of that damn desert and the hatred he'd left behind. Only days back in the states, finely headed home from fighting a war he knew no one would ever win. Both sides wrong to do violence on their fellow man. Both sides losing in the end. Loosing good men, good fathers' and good sons and for what?! Nothing! Nothing but a line in the sand and a religion founded so long ago that others of less character had perverted its cannon over the centuries, twisted its true message of love and tolerance to fit their twisted needs.

His name was Rain, at least that's what people called him anyway. It was sort of a joke actually, how he came by it so many years past. It was more in reference to the hell he'd rain down on anyone he felt needed it at the time. A war reference to "bring the rain" was quite accurate and to the point where he was concerned. Especially if he was anywhere around when things got rough. An impressive man by most standards, way over six-foot-tall and bull strong. Real fast with his hands and a hell of a shot with the Sig P220 he kept holstered under his left arm. Not one for violence, but never willing to let it pass unanswered if need be.

He had put the old Harley in storage near Norfolk before the war. Knowing once he got back to the states it would be just what the doctor ordered to get his mind right and his head on straight. The last thing in the world he wanted to do was to spend one more second crammed in flying tin can another 8 hours just to get home a few days quicker. He'd been gone nearly 4 years; a few days more or less would make little difference. His girl had given him the dear John shtick nearly two years past and his folks were both long gone years before that. He wanted the freedom the open road would provide and a warm wind on his face to help him decompress. He wasn't too happy about the monsoon he was driving through at the moment! But it truly was a nice change of pace from the suppressive heat and stinging dust storms he'd endured for the last forty-two months.

He'd been running hard since leaving Norfolk, making good time. He hoped to be somewhere outside Nashville Tennessee by midnight. From there he would keep heading west to the cost. Knowing he would soon need gas, he began looking for a place to stop. He'd been on the road quite a while when the lights of an old gas station came into view. On the opposite side of the road there was an old beer joint. He grinned at the site of the old dump, looking more like it was about to fall down rather than open for business. Knowing it was just what his tired bones needed. The lights where still on and a cold beer sounded pretty good. A break from the weather after he gassed up, before he got back on the road, sounded pretty good. After he paid at the pump, he drove across the road, pulled up to the front steps and killed the motor. He popped the heavy kick stand down in the mud and stepped off. More by habit than anything, he checked the parking lot as he stretched to get the kinks out, noticing a little compact car. 

Knowing full well a rental car with New York plates this far out in the sticks was odd and more than just a bit out of place. The storm seemed to be letting up at least, thinking by the time he drank a beer or two it would pass over and he'd have a clear ride, smiling at that as he walked up the steps. Pushing the door open and walking in. There was one old dude behind the bar, another one leaning up to it, pulling on a mug of draft. He noticed two real scummy bastards milling around the pool table in the back. Rain figured they were up to no good as soon as he saw them. All four seemed a bit edgy to him, like he may have somehow interrupted something. Rain was a big old boy and knew his appearance would sometimes put people off their game, sometimes even intimidate.

One man, no matter how tough he looked, wouldn't put this bunch off. Not unless they were up to something! Rain was no amateur, he knew the type. He had dealt with scum like this all over the world. Rain was or more to the point, used to be a military Cop, a very special kind of Cop. The kind you send after the worst of the lot. He hunted terrorists, sex slavers, gun runners and drug dealers. He never quit, he never gave up till the job was done. He was getting the feeling that the little rental car parked out in the mud might be part of this story somehow, it sure didn't belong to any of these pud knockers! So where was the driver? As he walked up to the bar he was wondering about that very detail. "Evening boys" How about a cold beer? Rain asked. Just as he asked, he heard a woman Scream! 

Then the jack ass at the bar next to him pulled a knife! Rain stepped in on him and caught the man's arm, quickly snapping his wrist! The man screaming as he dropped the blade! Rain slammed into him with a forearm to the face! The man's nose exploding in a mass of blood and mangled flesh as Rain fallowed though with a massive downward smash of his fist! The man falling away, dead or dying! Rain moving on with no other thought to the man, hearing his head hit the pine floor with a sick thud. His eyes rolling back in his head. Rain's steel eyes shot to the man behind the bar as he tried to pull a sawed off shot gun! Rain drew his P220 sig and fired in a flash! The bullet entering the man's skull just above the bridge of his nose, shutting him off like a switch! The man dropping the shotgun and falling into the bar back, crashing and breaking several bottles as he fell. Long dead before he hit the floor. Rain spun on the other two, barley catching a glimpse as their asses hit the front door at a dead run! The whole damn thing over in seconds! Rain blew out a slow breath, calming the huge adrenaline rush his body had been subjected too. His hands steady and heart rate normal as he quietly scanned the room for any more threats. 

"Hello!" "Anyone there?" Rain stayed silent as he walked slowly and very quietly towards the source. "Help!" "I'm down here!" Rain came to an old wooden door and slowly opened it to scan down into the darkness. It was black as shit! It stunk like piss and mildew. He spotted a light switch on the wall and stepped to the side of the door, not wanting to frame himself in the doorway before flipping it on. He sure as hell didn't want to make himself a target! Flipping the switch, oh thank God! Please get me the hell out of here!! 

Rain checked down the steps. The basement, if you could even call it that, was not much more than a hand dug hole in the ground with an old furnace off to one side. That was all he saw besides the stunning woman bound and hung from the ceiling. She hung near the center where the beams of the upper floor met. She was stripped naked, and there were narrow leather straps pulled tightly between her legs. They ran up though the lips of her sex them up over shoulders and around her arms. The loops of the straps were tied at her wrists, then looped up and tied on a nasty looking meat hook, chained around the main beam of the upper floor.

Rain quietly made his way down the steps and stayed behind her as he walked up. He was in awe of the woman's beautiful curves and perfect ass! She was stunning! Her long hair cascading everywhere. She looked like a goddess! It was so long; it nearly reached her ass. He reached out and stroked her hip gently as he passed. Hey dude! Sorry baby, you're so beautiful, I just had to make sure you were even real, he said laughing softly.

She heard the deep voice of the tall man and his warm laugh. She knew right away he may me a bit on the rough side as men go, but knew instantly she was safe and quickly relaxed to his touch. "There you go baby", Rain said, feeling the woman relax and lean into his soft gentle touch. She still hadn't seen him, but God he smelled so damn good! Damn it, she couldn't turn! She was bound too tightly! Rain slowly walked to the far wall and turned to look at her. He stood there his jacket open, relaxed with his hands now in his pockets. Enjoying the view as he looked into her fiery eyes. Holy Shit! Was all she could think! She was looking at a tall gorgeous hunk of man! Way over six foot. Slim waist and broad shoulders, filling his leather jacket out very nicely. She felt herself stir deep inside as the straps between her legs dug deeper into her sex. His eyes were steel blue, his face ruggedly handsome and his smile strong and warm! 

"Damn girlfriend you got yourself in quite a pickle," Rain said with a grin, as he pulled a knife out of what seemed to be thin air. Looking to safely cut her free of the leather harness, those sick fucks upstairs had put her in. Well big boy, you think you might cut a girl down and help me get the hell out of here! No rush baby girl. The sick bastards that did this to you are both dead and laying on the floor upstairs. I figure the two skinny wankers that ran off, probably had paid them to have a turn with you, I got the story about, right? Yea, the two older Basterds grabbed me and threw me down here after I stopped in with car trouble! Stinking car! Nearly got me raped and possibly murdered! Till you came along and saved my ass from a real bad day! Can you cut me down please? She asked again, as the man turned away looking at something on the floor kicking it with his boot, stirring up dust. She watched as he turned back, his firm ass twitching in his leather chaps. Quickly realizing there was one hell of a real man inside them, as her breath came a little quicker. She felt the blood run to her nipples and then up her neck as she checked him out. 

Her current situation no longer dangerous, was now becoming quite erotic! Tied up and hung on a hook like a sex slave, ready to be ravished by her master. She was actually very aroused, now that the danger had passed! Knowing she was safe with this beautiful man. His sweet musky smell quickly driving the dank stench from the room and filling her with an unexpected desire for the steel eyed angel standing before her. Or was he the devil sent to seduce and ravish her? She prayed he was both!

Rain walked up and firmly slid his hand between the straps and her belly. The tension caused by his large hand pulled the straps even tighter! Driving them deeper between the lips of her sex as she shuddered at the exquisite sensation of it! Sending spasms into her lower stomach, making her moan. Rain slid the razor-sharp blade between his hand and the strap, protecting her flesh as it cleanly cut the two straps that had bound her tits and sex. The two pieces of leather slowly swinging down between her legs. Rain smiling with a devilish grin when he saw how wet the leather was where it had been bound to her sex.

He was only inches from her face! She saw his lips where so wonderfully close! Knowing she had to taste them as she felt him release the two straps from his hand and slowly run his fingers down her stomach. Pausing to fondle the neatly trimmed hair of her mound. He smiled when he noticed that it was cutely trimmed in the shape of an arrow, pointing down to her now very wet and swollen sex. She sucked in quickly as she felt his touch, as he ran his fingers though the lips of her sweet sex! Oh God! She moaned softly as she felt him! Then he raised his soaked fingers to his mouth and licked one and smiled. Oh honey, you taste so sweet! He smiled, letting her suck the rest from his fingers, deeply drawing them in her mouth, tasting her own sex with an animalistic hunger she was surprised was within her!

He stood so close she could feel his warm breath on her, as her breasts responded to him! Pleading in silence that he might suckle them at least once! As if he could read her mind, he lowered his lips and kissed her erect nipples each in turn, ever so gently before sucking them up deeply in his warm lovely mouth! An intense shock of electric pleasure shot all the way to her toes, as she hung there helpless from the hook. All the while, this lovely man ravaged her breasts! As he suckled her, he slid his huge hand down to her sex! Penetrating her in such a wonderful way, as his long fingers teased and discovered her. Then sliding further back to her hot and very tight little ass hole! Rubbing her juices around, lubing her and making his finger slick as he bit down on her breast, then pinched her clit between his thumb and index finger, while driving his long middle finger into her ass! Oh Dude! Oh, you! Beautiful motherfucker! Aaah! I'm Cumming!! Oh God, that was Amazing!! She smiled!

Rain watched the beautiful woman as she recovered, trying to catch her breath! He reached up to cut her down, oh please wait! Please dude wait! Why did you do that to me! I was helpless! No baby, you are never helpless! He said with a sparkle in his eye. You looked so good; I couldn't help myself he smiled. All you ever had to say no...but you never did. You had been through a tough ordeal baby, possibly in shock. The best way to blot out a horrible memory like that, is to paint over it with one that's by far, more pleasant. It drives the bad completely from existence! Oh! Please don't stop! Leave me tied up! Take me Lover! Take me hard! He looked at the woman, she was so sexy tied there. He knew he had to have her! She wanted him and now he would take her! He bent over and unzipped his chaps. Throwing them and his jacket over one of the rafters as he dropped his jeans. Lover let me see you before you take me, please!! She begged! He pulled his T shirt off and turned to her. 

Small beads of sweat trickled over his broad shoulders, an intricate gothic tattoo ran down his right arm. His chiseled chest working an insanely hard set of abs as they pulsed. She took in the vision of his thick stunning manhood! With large veins running its length, now pulsing with the flow of blood pumping through it, as his desire for her was now on full display! As he moved in to take her, he pulled down on the leather straps. She gasped as they deliciously dug into her wrists! Multiplying the erotic act and driving her to want him even more as he took the ends of the two straps he had cut and slapped her with them, merely teasing her and then slapping her again and again, letting the leather caress her and drive her insane with lust! Always in control to insure her pleasure!

He moved into her arms, still tightly bound as he ravaged her breasts once more as he took her! His powerful arms now around her, as he grabbed her lovely ass, pulling her close to him. Her legs now free, she quickly pulled them up and wrapped them around him as he then drove himself to her. Her excitement making her so wet, he easily found her entrance and buried himself in her on the first thrust! She wailed in pleasure at the sensation of being so completely filled by this mysterious and oh so sexy man! He took her hard! Diving his cock in and out with long hard strokes as she hung from the straps! Totally at his mercy as he rammed her over and over! Her pleasure without description as she was lost in one continuous rolling orgasm! Rain feeling her rising release, pushing to meet her frantic thrusts to drive him deeper, trying to devoir him inside her! To complete her insane climax! OH! MY GOOOOOD!! I'm Cumming Lover!!

Harder! She screamed! As he drove into her, over and over as she screamed in utter bliss! Rain now at his peak, drove deep! Sending his seed deep in heavy ropes of hot heavy cum! As she felt him release the hot fluid filling her, she came again in one searing white-hot flash! Nearly making her pass out from the intense release! He reached up and grabbed her weight and cut her free as she collapsed in his arms. Her hands still bound together as he carried her up the stairs. Cutting her loose as he sat her in a chair and quickly went to fetch his jeans, jacket and his chaps. Getting dressed as she finally gained her feet and found all of her stuff and got dressed herself. Lucky to find her purse and money all still intact shoved in a small room off the hall where they had initially striped her.. 

Rain looked out and thankfully the sky had cleared and there was no one around. He sure as hell wasn't sticking around for the cops! He knew he was in the clear for shooting those two, he just didn't need the hassle! What's two more dead scum bag rapists anyway he spat! Nothing to him. He did the world a service. Once outside, the girl grabbed a back pack from the back seat of the car and stuffed her purse inside and slung it on her back. You going my way babe? He asked. You said it lover! Anywhere you go! I fallow! Sounds good to me girlfriend! He set the bike up and drew in the kick stand on the old Knuckle head, and gave it a kick. As it roared to life, she hopped on the back and wrapped her arms around his waist. He put it in gear and headed west as fast as the strong old motor would take them. She leaned into his ear as they roared off. 

"Hey what is your name Lover?" "Well Babe, most people just call me Rain..." 

Rain knew they needed some distance! Lots of it! The more miles between them and that ratty old bar the better! The woman said the rental she was driving was in her name, but more than likely, who ever got to it first wouldn't be the cops. They would figure the car could be linked to her disappearance and want it to disappear. Rain figured the two idiots in the bar were too stupid to be working alone, someone would be checking on those two. The car would soon be striped, serial numbers removed and whatever was left of the car after that would end up crushed in some back woods scrap yard, forever eliminating any trace the woman was ever there. 

As for him, well, he had picked up his spent brass and wiped off the bar before he left. The one bullet buried in the one man's skull wouldn't matter. His weapon was clean, totally untraceable. He would still switch out the barrel on his sig with the one he had stashed in his saddle bags, just for good measure. Then toss the old one in the first deep lake or river they passed. Leaving no trace, he was ever there. He did wonder about the hot interlude he and the beautiful woman had just committed down in the basement. There were more than just a few foot prints, he was certain of that, plus plenty of DNA, he laughed! But he doubted any small county sheriff's department would bother with much of an investigation into the death of those two idiots. They were probably well known and on the cop's radar already. So, wasting extra man hours and expensive lab work on those two losers wasn't likely! Rain hoping the cops would realize he had just done them a huge favor!

Rain was also grateful the weather had cleared. The woman snuggled up behind him might as well be naked with the outfit she wore, but it was all she had left. She would have soaked though to the bone in less than a mile and froze regardless of how warm it was. A pair of sheer yoga pants and a ripped blouse was all she had left! They were so thin he could feel the warmth from her sex pressing hard against him as she stroked across the seams on the bikes soft leather seat. The hoodie he gave her was too big, exposing her stunning tits. But since her blouse had been ripped to shreds in the attack, it was all but useless!
