 When I was about eighteen, my family hired three college age guys to help make hay for our small horse farm. On the day of their arrival I was helping stack hay in the loft as was my Dad, Sisters, the two elderly neighbors, and the newly hired young men. 

I knew one of the guys, as his family raised the same type of horses our farm produced. We had "dated" as much as thirteen year olds could, a few years before. He looked hot that mid-summer afternoon. He was tan, hard bodied, shirtless, and sweaty as I watched him throw hundred pound bales like they were weightless. 

I was already down to a pair of very short shorts and a pink cotton sports bra. It had to be 110 degrees in that hayloft. My long dark hair was damp and hanging loosely over my deeply bronzed shoulders.

When we had the wagon unloaded, it was decided that he and I would stay in the loft waiting for the next rack, straightening up the stacks. When everyone left we decided to take a break and went to sit in the only other outside opening in the loft. It was an old window where hay used to be brought up and was big enough for us to stand in to let the breeze sweep over our hard labor heated bodies. 

You had to jump down off a stack about five bales high to stand in that window, and when I hopped down he grabbed my waist to steady me. I landed squarely in front of him staring directly into his eyes and we both knew we could no longer keep our hands off each other. He kissed me deeply and I was left gasping for air.

My head was spinning out of heat and lust, and before I knew it he had my shorts off and was on his knees in front of me. His tongue dancing across my clit felt amazing but I needed him inside me. This encounter could be nothing but urgent; driven by our strong youthful libidos.  I pulled him up aggressively, my fingers stroking taut abs as I unbuckled his Wranglers. He was as hard as he could possibly be and he entered me forcefully. It took him less than two minutes of pounding wildly into my fresh young pussy for him to cum, filling me up with his scorching fluids to the point of my spilling over. 

He sank down on a bale of hay, pulling me onto his lap. We made out hot, wet and heavy until he was stiff again and I guided his cock back into my dripping self. I slowly rode him, kissing and groping at his rugged muscular body as I rolled my hips and felt him distend my tight pussy. Soon, we heard the tractor and knew everyone was coming back with the next load of hay. The window where we sat was very close to the place they would come back to, but well hidden enough that I was not going to let their return keep me from taking my pleasure from him. 

As my climax approached I could not keep quiet. He tried to silence my whimpers with deep wet kisses but as I was brought over the edge by his massive cock my orgasmic cries could not be concealed. At that point, we had been noticed by one of the other guys.  As I came, the second boy looked over the stack that cloaked us and right into my eyes. It was one of the hottest moments of my life. My pussy clenching around his cock sent my well built lover over the edge and he held me down onto him as his second load shot into my depths. 

Spent, we fell into each other trying to recover enough to get back to work. We kissed and licked over each others firm ripened bodies as we dressed. Fondling and exploring during the precious secluded seconds left to us, we climbed back up the stack to continue our task.  

The months he was on our farm were spent fucking, sucking and exploring each other. It was truly an amazing summer. 

I still see him from time to time and when we meet he gives me a small remembering smile that makes me instantly wet and ready to go back to the hay loft. 

That is a true story .. I hope you enjoyed it half as much as I did.