 I am doing the dishes when you come around the corner. You see me in black heels and blue thigh high stockings that match the ones on my arms. There is a little bit of skin showing between the thigh highs and my short brown skirt I am wearing. The yellow top I'm wearing clings to my breasts and my stomach revealing the figure you love so much. My hair is back in a ponytail and my makeup is fresh. I look over and smile at you. You smile back. I turn back to the dishes. Picking up a glass, I rinse the outside of it then I lather it with soap.

I feel you behind me, your hand sliding the length of my thigh where the skin is showing. My body tingles with anticipation and I am hyper aware of my body. Your other arm wraps around my waist and you press your body against mine. I can already feel your hard shaft at my back aching for my pussy. You slide your hand up from my thigh to the top of my panties. You play with the top a little. I let out a low moan. You kiss the top of my shoulder and then up my neck to my ear. 

You move away from my body slightly. I feel you move your hand from the top of my panties to between my thighs. I spread my legs allowing you access. You bite my ear lobe and ask "have you been a good girl?" I nod my head. I feel your hand slide over my panties from clit to pussy. My panties were went. "Feels like you've been a bad girl." You nibble on my neck a little. "I like you better naughty, anyway."

You rub your hand over my underwear I let out a squeal of pleasure. Your hand leaves my waist as you hike my skirt up over my ass. Both your hands go to the task of taking off my panties. You push them down over my knees until they drop to the floor. I feel the air on my wet cunt. You slide your finger across it, then up to rub the spot right above my clitoris. My moans are so loud now. You take your hand away and I hear the sound of you unzipping your pants. They drop to the floor and you kick them away from you. I stand over the sink still holding the half washed glass.

I feel your rock hard cock against my pussy. You put one hand on my hip and another on my back. You bend me over with your hand on my back. I feel you cock press against my now dripping cunt. You move your hand from my hip and slap my ass hard, once. I yelp in surprise and feel the blood rushing to where you slapped me. You put the skirt back over my ass. You move your hand under my skirt in front. You just rest your fingers above my clit. I start rocking against you. "That's not what good girls do," you whisper in my ear. 

The hand on my back slides under my shirt and onto my stomach. Your breathing is heavy and I can tell your trying with all your might not to slam your cock into me. You tease me more letting the tip barely slide in. I gasp. You pull out and slide your hand underneath my bra. With my breast cupped in your hand, you pinch my nipple and roll it between your thumb and forefinger. With your other hand you start to make little circles above my clitoris. I hold my breath as I feel the pressure building up in my stomach. 

Then without warning you plunge yourself into me. I nearly scream with pleasure. I cry out as you thrust into me harder and harder each time. You start rubbing circles harder and my body goes rigid as more pressure builds up in my stomach. "I'm going to cum," you say. "Please," barely leaves my lips. As your cock swells I feel myself going over the edge I cry out in ecstasy as you continue to make circles above my clitoris. My vagina spasms. And you giggle a little in my ear. 

You put your arms around my waist and hold me tight. You kiss my neck sweetly. "I love you," you say

"I love you."

As you slide out and remove your arms from around my waist to go clean up, I drop the glass I had been holding in my hand half washed; it shatters in the sink. You laugh, the laugh that made me fall in love with you. As you look back at me you see the embarrassment on my face. You come back kiss me on the forehead and leave the room, leaving me to clean up.