 I finally caught my husband cheating on me. No, I didn't find him in bed with another woman. Jim had been going out nights lately. It was always some lame excuse. One evening I followed him. He said he was going to shop for some pants. He drove instead to a townhouse development. A woman greeted him at the door with a kiss.

It was almost a relief. I was getting tired of my husband anyway. I had my eye on someone else. He was the neighbor across the street, Matt. I knew Matt had graduated high school but he didn't seem to work or go out much. One day I went over and knocked on the door. I made sure I wore a tight shirt and had shorts on. Matt answered the door and he looked me over.

"Can you give me a hand over at my house?" I asked him.

He wanted to know what I needed. I started to walk towards my house. He ended up following me. Once we got inside he asked again what I needed done.

"Just this," I told him.

I pulled my shirt up over my head and I unsnapped my bra. I thought Matt's eyes would pop out.

"I need a man to take care of my needs. Are you up to the task?"

I pushed my shorts down to the floor. Matt got a good look at my shaved pussy. I headed back down the hallway to the bedroom. Matt quickly followed me back. He shed his clothes and I finally got to see him naked. Matt was tall and thin. I would see him running daily. His cock was just the way I like them, thick. Matt joined me on the bed and we began to kiss. I wanted him hard so I lowered my face to his prick.

I took hold of his member and I brought it to my mouth. I ended up taking him an inch at a time down my throat. Matt got hard quickly. I am guessing he was around seven inches in length. I got carried away. I was squeezing his balls and going right down to the root. I'm guessing Matt wasn't used to this kind of action. I saw his body tense up and he ended up shooting his load down my throat.

Matt must have been full. I was swallowing as much as I could but his seed was leaking out and down my chin. He must have cum a good five minutes before he calmed down.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I just wasn't expecting all this."

I told him not to worry. The thing was, Matt didn't get soft. He was still hard as could be. I couldn't waste this. I ended up mounting his midsection. I took hold of his prick and guided it to my pussy. I slowly sunk down. I was tight. My husband hadn't fucked me in awhile. Matt felt huge as his cock went deeper inside my pussy. I was feeling shivers up and down my spine. I needed Matt to give it to me hard.

That is what he did. He brought his hips up and his ass left the bed. He pounded my pussy and I screamed as he took me. I told Matt to reach up and pinch my nipples. That always brought me right to the edge. This time was no different. I was having one orgasm after another. I was screaming for Matt to fuck me as hard as he could. He did just that. Matt even managed to give me more of his cum. It wasn't that much but he coated my pussy walls.

I collapsed onto Matt's chest. He held me as I tried to get myself calmed down. It was safe to say I hadn't been fucked like that in a long while. Matt stayed hard for a while longer inside me. I had even more small orgasms. I wasn't about to give up my new lover. Matt said he had put off going to college by one semester. I would be able to enjoy his cock awhile longer.

Matt would come over most days and fuck my pussy. He would end up taking my pussy for long periods of time without cumming. Matt was like an animal some days. I would lie flat on my chest on the bed. Matt would lift my ass up and take me hard from behind. My new, young lover was like a cum machine. He was always able to give me a large load of his baby batter. As time went on I was starting to fall in love with Matt.

I never said that to him. I knew he would be heading to school soon. I wondered what I would do without his cock. One of our final sessions, I pleaded with Matt to breed me with his seed. That made him unload in my tight pussy. His hot cum was leaking out of me down my ass crack.

"Did you really mean that, about breeding you?" He asked me after we finished.

I told him it was one of my fantasies. For him to give me a big belly.

"Maybe when I finish my first semester we can discuss it again."

My pussy tingled with the thought of Matt seeding my fertile eggs. I did want him breeding me. Matt finally left for school. I have been thinking of divorcing my husband. We are just roommates now. I want Matt to be my full time lover.