 As the rain began to beat harder against my windshield, I couldn't help but wonder if this job was really worth it. As much as I hated traveling, I hated flying even more. As the Western Regional Manager for the company I worked for, traveling unfortunately came with the territory.

Since I preferred driving whenever it was possible, I'd taken the jump on the weekend, leaving home on Sunday for the long twelve hour drive out of Utah, across the border into Arizona, specifically Phoenix, which is where I was headed.

I'd managed to make it nearly to the border when the storm broke. Hoping that I would drive out of it, I'd passed the last comfortable place to rest until reaching Flagstaff, still a couple of hours away. Worse, the sun was about to set, leaving me driving at night, which I also disliked, but driving in a pouring rainstorm on top of everything else. With the constant, "thrum, thrum, thrum" of the windshield wipers, the beating rain, I also of course had to pee.

I'd barely caught a road sign a few miles back indicating there was supposed to be some sort of rest stop up ahead. I'd missed the mile marker however, so had no idea how far away it really was. As I peered through the windshield into the gathering darkness, I hoped for some additional sign that it would be showing up soon. Thankfully, a few minutes later, just about the time my bladder was screaming, I saw it, pulling in.

I hadn't brought along any kind of coat with me as it was mid summer. I hadn't thought I'd even need one. As I sat in the parking lot momentarily, the rain, if anything grew even worse. I knew as I sat there that I was going to be drenched soon either way. Opting for the lesser of two evils, I dashed from the car into the bathroom, well soaked before I got halfway there.

"Oh well, at least I'm not sleepy anymore." I said to myself as I stood before the urinal. The relief of pressure was exquisite as I stood there draining my bladder. Though not nearly as good as an orgasm of course, I couldn't help but smile as I grew more and more comfortable with each passing second. After washing my hands, I fished a still dry cigarette from my pack, stepped outside into the night, protected beneath the overhang and lit up.

"Do you have an extra one of those?"

Scared witless at the sound of someone's voice, I jumped. "What the fuck?"

"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," she said trying to hold back a laugh. 

Turning to face her, I saw that she was even wetter and more disheveled than I was. Taking another quick glance out into the parking lot as I fished out an extra smoke, I saw that my car was still the only one there in the otherwise totally deserted parking area.

"Here." I said handing her the smoke.

"Light?"

But I was already ahead of her on that one, cupping my hands around the small flame as I held it out for her. I watched as she took a deep long pull.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. How the hell did you get here anyway? There aren't any other cars in the lot?" 

"Hitch-hiking. Got a ride from a trucker this far. Been hoping another one would stop."

I'd somewhat expected to see some half-crazed boyfriend standing in the shadows. But after a few moments, I realized she really was alone.

"Where are you headed?" I asked curiously.

"Tucson. My brother lives there." As though that explained everything.

As she took another drag on her smoke, I noticed her for the first time really. Though her dark hair was wet, plastered to her body, it was long. She had a pretty face, which could obviously be made prettier with a little makeup. I was glad she wasn't wearing any, or very little anyway as she'd have really looked a sight with mascara running down her face.

"Where are you headed?" she asked me point blank.

Still looking at her, I decided she was probably younger than she actually looked. "Ah oh." I thought quietly. "Jailbait!" And worse, probably a run away. One thing I didn't need was any trouble.

"How old are you?" I asked, evading her question.

She laughed, blowing out smoke as she did. "Old enough. Older than what you're probably thinking."

I was about to ask her the question again, when she dug inside her purse, producing her driver's license. 

"See for yourself." I looked, surprised to see that she was almost twenty-five.

"Phoenix," I said, answering her previous question.

She smiled. "Mind if I catch a ride with you?"

"Ok, sure...why not? But let me finish my smoke first. By the way, what's your name?"

"Tanya. What's yours?"

"Jack."

"Nice to meet you Jack, and thanks for giving me a lift."

I saw her shiver against the rain. It wasn't cold really, but the desert nights could still get chilly, especially if you were standing there wet.

"You have a change of clothing?" I asked her.

"Used to," she said, suddenly shy, obviously uncomfortable.

I didn't ask, but I did continue to look at her, waiting patiently to see if she was going to add to that.

"I'd picked up a ride inside Montana with another truck driver. After a couple of hours driving, he told me that it was worth at least a blowjob. Told him I wasn't interested. A minute later, he pulled over, kicked me out, driving off before I could retrieve my duffle bag."

"I'm sorry. That must have been horrible for you," I told her. "Can't believe there's people out there like that, that would try and force people to do things like that," I said a bit awkwardly.

Once again she laughed. "Oh, I wouldn't have minded giving him one, but he was fucking ugly." 

I'm sure the look on my face was priceless.

"Well, don't worry. I wouldn't ask you to do anything," I assured her.

This time she smiled. "Well, you're not ugly either."

"I do have a few clothes that you could wear, until yours dry out a little," I offered, changing the subject.

"Do you have a blanket or something instead?" she asked.

Fact was, I always carried one in the trunk of the car, just incase of an emergency. Maybe this wasn't exactly that, but at least I had one.

"Sure, why?"

"I'll just wrap myself up in it, until my clothes dry out a little," she said easily.

It was still pouring. Hard.

"We're going to have to run. I'll grab the blanket from the trunk and run back here."

"Don't bother. You grab it, I'll meet you inside the car." With that, she raced off with me following right behind her.

Jumping into the passenger seat, I managed to force open the trunk, retrieving the blanket. By the time I opened my door, she was already half undressed. Having already removed her blouse and bra, I watched stupefied as she began struggling out of her skin-tight Levi's.

"Well don't just stand there, get in!" she exclaimed.

Like a zombie, I did. Automatically handing her the blanket even though she wasn't quite yet ready for it.

"Just put it over the seat behind me. I need to ring these out first."

Now naked, Tanya stepped back outside the door, first ringing her blouse out as much as possible before tossing it back over the seat onto the floor. Her pants weren't nearly as wet, but she tossed them along with what I assumed where whatever panties she'd been wearing, along with her bra. Jumping back inside the car, she almost casually wrapped the blanket around herself. Needless to say, I'd had ample opportunity to look at her while she did all this.

Though she had 'smallish' breasts, they were still firm and surprisingly beautiful. Her caramel colored nipples were all crinkly and puckered, though I knew not from excitement, but from the cold. What had surprised me was that she didn't have one of those thin strips of carefully manicured pubic hair that was now fashionable. And though not having a "full" bush as we'd called them as kids, hers was considerably fuller though appearing obviously well kept, even possibly trimmed to appear that way.

"That better?" I asked somewhat sheepishly.

"Much. Thank you."

I put the car in gear, backing out of the parking spot we were in, quickly heading back out onto the highway.

"I was hoping to make it as far as Flagstaff before stopping for the night," I told her.

Tanya looked down at the floor obviously uncomfortable. "I don't have enough money for a room."

I glanced towards her as she sat there with the blanket draped about her shoulders.

"Don't worry, I'll spring for the room."

There was no way I could explain paying for two rooms on my expense report, but I could get a room with two beds at least.

Tanya gave me a knowing look.

"Don't worry...I'm not suggesting anything." 

"Like I said before...you're not ugly," Tanya giggled, which in turn made me laugh.

"I'm twice your age," I said as though it was important to let her know that. Truth was, I had a daughter that was almost her age.

"I like older men." 

I turned my attention away from the road briefly; she'd gotten the better of me with that one. Just as I did, a near blinding flash lit up the sky as lightening struck somewhere close by. A crack of thunder followed it almost immediately, causing me to actually duck in my seat as I grabbed the wheel, nearly over steering the car.

"Wow! That was cool!" Tanya said excitedly. "Can't you feel all that electricity in the air?"

"Yeah...cool." I said just under my breath. "That was close," I added much more loudly.

Just then, another one cracked, though not quite as close, still shaking the car.

"God! I just love thunder and lightening storms. All that electricity, makes you feel...so "tingly", she said emphasizing the word. "Make's me horny!" she added 

Somehow I kept my eyes on the road. 

Once again I heard her giggle. Drawn like a magnet towards her, I looked. She was peering out through the passenger window as the sky began lighting up the horizon a short distance away. One side of the blanket had fallen down off her shoulder; I could easily see one of her breasts as she sat there facing away from me. But it was then that I noticed a subtle movement. I glanced quickly forward, ensuring we were still on the road before looking back, wanting, as well as wondering if I'd really seen what I thought I had. Looking again, I saw the same slow continuous movement. Her hand was down between her legs. 

"What are you doing?" I couldn't believe I'd actually asked her. It had come out before I actually thought about what I was saying.

"Getting off. I love getting myself off during a lightening storm. Like I said Jack, storms make me horny."

She turned around to face me, I was suddenly grateful I was facing forward again. My face felt flushed, and worse...I'd felt my prick twitch inside my pants when she'd said that.

"I take it storms don't excite you."

"No...but you sure as hell are," I thought silently. "Not generally...no," I answered.

"Not generally?" As she said that, I sensed movement, followed almost immediately by the touch of her hand on my crotch. There was no hiding it; I was hard, really hard beneath my slacks.

"Seems like you are to me," she said still fondling my erection.

I looked at her. The blanket had completely slipped off her now, crumpled behind her on the seat. She moved back sitting sideways in her seat facing me, back against the window.

"You really should be wearing your seatbelt," I told her. But even as I did, I couldn't help but look at her nudity as she sat there smiling at me. Glancing back and forth between Tanya and the road, she began stroking herself, slipping her hand down between her legs. I watched, feeling my mouth suddenly go dry as she began fingering herself more rapidly. I could hear the sound of her raspy breathing as she took quick little gasps, all the while looking at me, eyes open...almost glassy.

"Pull over," she said a moment later.

"What?"

"Find some place where you can pull over safely." 

"Why? You gotta pee?" I asked stupidly.

Tanya laughed, really laughed. "No. I want to suck you off. Like I said, I really am horny!"

"Your serious!" I exclaimed, bewildered.

"Very. And...I'm gonna cum soon too. So if you want to watch me do that, then you'd better hurry up and find a place to pull over," she said again.

I couldn't believe it, but I actually started looking for someplace to pull off the road.

"There...over there, up ahead!" Tanya announced. 

I almost missed it. Slowing the car just safely enough, I took the turn, which appeared to be a dirt road just off the highway we'd been following. After a few bumps I managed to bring the car more safely under control. We'd traveled about a hundred yards away from the highway when I killed the lights, stopping.

Tanya eased herself back into the corner again. Placing her left leg on the seat, she spread her legs.

"Why don't you take it out so I can watch you too?"

I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. But as I fished my hard prick out of my pants, Tanya went back to teasing her slit, going so far as to spread it, exposing her blood engorged clit for me.

"You think my pussy's pretty?" 

"Beautiful!" I responded thickly.

She wet the tip of her finger, placing it directly on her clit and began teasing it. Surrealistic in a way, I couldn't take my eyes off her as she sat there pleasuring her quim. She was breathing heavily now, striving for the orgasm that she'd been so close to having back on the highway.

"Ohhh. This feels nice!" she moaned. "Stroke yourself a little while I cum," she pleaded.

I was already doing that, but I immediately increased the up and down motion of my hand so that she could watch, knowing I was doing as she'd asked. Struggling not to join her in my ecstasy, I still enjoyed the pleasure that my now very slippery pre-cummed prick was bringing me.

"Oooh Yeah....Oooh Yeah....Oooh Yeah. I'm going to cum!" she yelled. 

Her hand was flying back and forth across her pussy as she strummed her pleasure nubbin to sweetness. Crying out in pleasure, her head rolled from side to side matching the near furious tempo of her hand as she plunged her fingers deep inside, now fingering her cunt; creating a squishy juicy vacuum as she rode the wave of ecstasy she'd given herself.

Stunned, I had stopped stroking my penis content to simply watch her climax.

"Wow. That was nice!" She beamed happily. "Now...it's your turn!"

Before I was even aware of what she was doing, she leaned over taking my cock in her hand pushing me against the door. Somehow she managed to lay herself out in my lap. As her mouth closed about my prick, I reached down, cupping one of those firm little breasts in hand, caressing it as her lips caressed my penis.

"Ohhh, shit!' I moaned.

Her lips as they nibbled, sucking at the tender flesh on the head of my penis was heavenly. I felt her teeth as she dragged them purposely across my super-sensitized flesh, causing my prick to lurch, bobbing of its own accord.

"Like that huh?" Tanya giggled, continuing to do it.

I didn't need to answer her verbally; my cock did it for me by releasing a pearl of pre-cum juice that bubbled at the tip of my cock as she squeezed it. Taking the droplet of "feel-good" cream as Tanya then called it, she smoothed it over the helmet of my prick like she was frosting a cake.

"Oh fuck!" I bellowed. Feeling her caressing me, as she was with her hand, adding to that, the sensation of her tongue as it slithered up one side and down the other of my shaft was causing me to see stars. And I hadn't even climaxed yet!

"You ready to blow your load yet? Cause I'm all horny again. And I want to feel what its like when you eat me," she stated as easily as though we'd been discussing the weather.

What she didn't know, what I felt almost embarrassed about admitting, was that I truly loved eating pussy. Sadly enough, it had been a little while since I had. But the thought of tasting some "cunt-candy" as I affectionately referred to it had increased my level of desire, not to mention the threshold of my impending orgasm.

Probably too close to even bother asking the question, I did. "Where?" I asked.

"Where?"

"Yeah....where?" I was struggling now, and she knew it. "You tell me. Where would you like to?" She tortured me.

"In...in your mouth." I said finally.

If I thought it had been a while since I'd licked a woman's pussy, it had been much longer than that since I'd experienced an orgasm inside a woman's mouth.

"In my mouth huh? Naughty boy. Ok," she giggled again. "Hang on baby, cause this is going to be good!"

For some reason, I had no doubt that it would be. Slipping her mouth around my cock, she slowly devoured me inch-by-inch, sucking me and sliding her lips so perfectly up and down that I lost all sense of being. My toes tingled, even the scalp of my head felt prickly as Tanya began to gradually increase not only the friction on my shaft, but the rapidity with which she began stroke-sucking, and fondling my balls.

"I'm going to cum!" I announced.

I felt the liquid fire erupt from the head of my prick, taking all reasoning along for the ride. As Tanya continued sucking, drawing every ounce of my soul up and out of my cock, I wavered briefly on the edge of insanity before succumbing to the numbness that turned my balls inside out before tossing me off the cliff into the void of ecstasy that awaited me.

Her touch felt far away. Soft, fleeting, gentle. Languishing in the afterglow of pleasure, my mind began to clear as I slowly returned to the present. Tanya continued to fondle my now semi-flaccid prick waiting patiently for my return from whatever place I had gone to.

"You always cum that hard?" She asked knowingly. I saw the smile in her eyes as she basked in the private joy of knowing how much she had thrilled me.

"Not for a long time. A very long time." I told her.

When I was finally able to move again, I grinned. This woman, this young delightfully free, uninhibited woman had awoken within me desires, feelings and urges I hadn't felt for years. 

"Now it's my turn to please you," I told her seriously. "Get into the back seat."

I saw the look of surprise in her eyes. My whole attitude had obviously changed. With lust still pulsing through my veins, I leered now, not just grinning. "I want to eat that gorgeous pussy of yours." 

Excitedly, not even hesitating, Tanya climbed over the seat into the back. Spreading out the blanket upon the seat, I then joined her having first taken off the rest of my own clothing.

During the course of our love-play, darkness had settled in more completely than it had been. Virtually impossible to see one another now except through shadow, we more felt, sensed each other's presence. The storm was slowly moving off, though the frequent flashes of lightening continued to periodically illuminate the inside of the car. Like strobe lights going off, giving us brief, yet pleasurable glimpses of one another. As I snuggled down between her outstretched legs, preparing to dine on the feast spread out before me, I caught one such moment of lingering light, catching the wet glistening moisture of her pussy as I prepared to kiss it for the first time.

I felt her tremble expectantly, even before I had touched her. I smiled inwardly, knowing as she had, as uninhibited as she had appeared, seemed...the unknown was still fresh enough to cause her excited anxiety, not knowing what to expect. I reveled in the fact that she had no idea what she was really in for when I finally began tonguing her.

Easily finding her swollen bud, I flicked at it with the tip of my tongue as though attempting to peel it layer by layer. Again, I felt her quiver, sensed her pussy convulsing, knowing that she had by the groan that suddenly escaped her lips.

"Ohh."

Reaching beneath, I wormed my index finger inside her wetness, felt it slither inside like a searching snake seeking comfort. Again she groaned, and as she did, I captured her clit within my lips gently sucking it, rolling it around inside my mouth. My finger probed delicately, seeking along the walls of her vagina, back and forth as though a blind man had somehow entered her, walking along with his searching, seeking cane. As I tickled her pink pearl, now lavishing it with butterfly flicks of my tongue, I joined my index finger with another, spreading her even more fully and began walking them inside her caressing her tender wanton flesh.
