 I'm not looking forward to this trip. 

Rachel is deathly afraid of flying. Several years ago, before we were married, she was on a plane that crashed. Several people died. Though she escaped without a scratch she still gets the shakes if she drive within a mile of LAX. We have to go to a wedding in Denver. We live in LA. You guessed it - road trip. 

At first I thought driving there would be therapeutic. Our busy two career schedule is playing hell with our "quality time." We never see each other, bicker often, and when we have sex - it's by the numbers. We need some time alone to reconnect. And everyone knows anonymous hotel rooms sometimes rekindle dormant lustful instincts. 

The night before we're leaving, lying in bed, bags packed, my wife drops an unpleasant surprise on me. 

"Alex, my friend Celeste was wondering if we could take her younger brother and his girlfriend with us to Denver." 

"What?' I exclaim, "Drag two kids across the Rockies?"

"Tim's girlfriend doesn't like to fly either. They're both are attending college out there so I thought..."

"Don't they have a car?' I ask hopefully. 

"It broke down."

"Well, Celeste's loaded. Why doesn't she buy him one?" I ask. 

"Alex you're always saying rich children should find their own way in the world," Rachel counters sarcastically. 

It's true. My Dad's extremely wealthy. But I didn't sit by the pool and become a dissolute playboy. I went to Cupertino and with a hundred bucks in my pocket and a beat up piece of shit for a car. I bussed tables, cleaned toilets, and repossessed cars while waiting for my chance at Apple Computers. I hit it big working on the Ipod development team; took my fat bonus and founded my own software company in Burbank. Graphics stuff for the film guys. Now I employ 200 people. I never took a dime from my Dad and neither did he. I have no respect for indolent slackers. 

"I hope Tim and his girl aren't those nose ringed tattooed freak types," I mutter. 

"Alex that's half your workforce."

"Yeah, but I can fire those people." "Don't be an asshole," Rachel says turning over and turning of the light, "I already said yes."

"Just great," I moan.

A few minutes of silence pass. 

"What time do we have to pick them up?" I ask. 

"Eight," Rachel murmurs sleepily. 

"Ok, we'll take 'em."

"That's nice," Rachel yawns. 

"Any chance my largesse earns me a blowjob?" I ask hopefully. 

"Don't be stupid Alex," Rachel huffs. 

Guess not.

--------------------------------------------------

The next morning we drive to Celeste's house to pick up the "kids." Celeste, ever the homebody, put together an extensive care package for us; snacks, fruit, bottled water and juices. I peek in the basket hoping to find some bourbon. No luck. 

"We'll here they are," Celeste announces. 

Sleepy and holding their duffel bags the kids amble downstairs. I'm surprised. The last time I saw Tim he was seventeen. Now he was my height and filled out nicely. I think he plays Lacrosse or something. 

"Hi Alex," Tim mumbles. 

"Hi Tim," I say offering my hand, "Long time no see."

"Thanks for giving me and Jenna a lift." 

"No problem. Sucks about your car," I say. 

"Yeah it blows."

A young blonde woman peeks out from behind him. My eyes widen a bit. Short, blonde, curvy and cute, with a gymnast's body, Tim's girlfriend is every frat boys dream. 

"Hi, I'm Alex," I say offering my hand. 

"Jenna, nice to meet you,' she replies politely. 

"Well I hope you like driving," I say. 

"Not really, but I hate flying." 

"Why?"

"I don't know why. I just get really nervous around planes. Especially after 9/11." 

"Ahhhhh," I mouth sympathetically. 

"Sorry if we're crowding you," Jenna offers. 

"Don't be ridiculous Jenna," Rachel says announcing her presence.

Introductions made Rachel moves over to Tim. She gives him a big hug. 

"Hi Rachel," Tim mumbles awkwardly. 

Tousling his hair Rachel laughs and says," Hey there Timmy."

"It's Tim now Rachel," he says blushing. 

"But of course it is." 

Tim turns away to get his bags. I notice Rachel's eyes quickly flicker over his body. He's a handsome kid. Hmmm. Maybe she likes him just a bit?

"Ok let's go," I say with a start, "I want to make the hotel by 9:00.''

We pile into the car and hit the open road. 

The kids turned out to be better traveling companions that I expected. Tim zoned out with his Ipod while Jenna promptly fell asleep. Neither of them regained anything resembling consciousness until we slipped into Nevada. 

"Hey guys, are you going to sleep the whole way there?" I ask. 

"Maybe," Tim says stretching his arms. 

Jenna lifts herself upright and starts to fix her hair. I sneak a peek at her in the rearview mirror. God she's cute. 

She catches me looking and gives me a playful smirk. I quickly look away. 

"When are we gonna reach the hotel?" Jenna asks leaning forward into the driver area. 

"Soon, maybe half an hour," I say. 

"Does this place have a pool?" she asks. 

"I think so." 

"Good I need to swim." 

"You're a swimmer?" I ask. 

"I'm of the swim team."

Ah not gymnastics – swimming. I was wondering how she got into such amazing shape. 

"I like to swim." I say. 

"You hate the water Alex," Rachel says joining in the conversation. 

"Well I can't run anymore so I should try swimming," I retort. 

"Hmmmm," Rachel says suspiciously. 

"Don't believe me them." I say. 

I can't wait to get out of this car.

--------------------------------------------------

By the time we reach the hotel we're famished. After eating dinner in the hotel restaurant we and go to our rooms to change. Jenna and Tim are hitting the pool. They asked us to join them. 

Rachel and I get to the pool first. Slipping off her robe Rachel reveals the sensational body she's maintained since the day I met her. Despite a heavy work schedule she finds time to take care of herself. At 37 her legs, taut stomach, tight butt, and strong arms are a testament to her servitude to the Stairmaster and Pilates. With powerful thighs, a small waists, and perfectly proportionate breasts she's a knockout in anybody's book. 

Though she's traded in her long brunette tresses for a more severe short business woman style – her face is still flawlessly beautiful. 

I've stayed in good shape myself. Jogging, weights and all that. But I'm not as strict with my diet like Rach. I like sweets to much. 

Tim and Jenna arrive. Slipping off their robes they reveal young, hard bodies, almost shimmering with vitality. I hear Rachel's breathing suddenly quicken, Looking over at her I can see her eyes widened at the sigh of Tim's lean and muscular body. Well well, my wife is turned on by him. 

But Jenna's the real star of the show. Clad in a pastel blue bikini, her hair up, she's a goddess. I mean she's model gorgeous. 

"You're in such good shape honey," Rachel says in that faux complimentary voice women use when threatened by another woman's beauty.

"Thanks Rachel. You're a knockout yourself. Isn't she Tim?." 

Tim blushes slightly. "Yeah," she says covertly looking over Rachel, "She is." 

So this kid likes my wife. I'm flattered. Sort of.

"How do you do it?" Jenna asks. 

"Oh I eat right, take the stairs instead of elevators..." Rachel replies modestly. 

"What about me – GQ material?" I say insecurely flexing my bicep.

Rachel just laughs and Tim stares at the floor. Jenna pipes up. 

"You're hot Alex," she bubbles, "Don't listen to them."

Tim and Rachel dive into the pool. When they're underwater Jenna leans towards me whispering, "Besides, I like older men."

"Do you?" I say my interest piqued. 

Laughing sprightly Jenna dives into the pool. I follow her in.

--------------------------------------------------

Later, our swim finished Rachel and I are in bed reading. The kids said their farewells an hour ago disappearing into the room next ours. Earlier, when I went to get some ice, I thought I smelt marijuana when I walked past their door. Oh well. Party when you're young. 

Rachel closes her book and turns off her table lamp.

"Well, I'm going to bed. You almost finished?' she asks. 

"Almost, let me finish this chapter." I reply. I'm reading my favorite author's latest crime novel. If I don't stop soon I'll be up all night reading. It's that engrossing. 

A few minutes pass. I'm just getting to the part where the protagonist is delivering a beating to some deserving perp when I hear a loud thud. 

I put down my book.

"What was that?" I say to myself. Rachel doesn't reply. 

Suddenly a woman's giggle seeps through the walls followed by another thud. 

I shake my head and return to my book.

Then there's another thud. Then another. I hear a jittering noise and look up. The pictures on the wall are vibrating. 

A pleasure filled wail pours into out room. Sounds like the kids are getting it on, 

I try and concentrate on my book but it's impossible. Their headboard must be banging against the wall directly behind us. More erotic noise seeps through the thin wall. 

"Don't those kids know were in the next room?" Rachel groans pulling a pillow over her head. 

"Hey, we were kids once," I say. 

"I remember Tim when he was eight years old. I don't want to hear this," comes her muffled reply. 

The rhythmic thuds stop. I hear murmured voices, creaking bed springs, and then, as if she was in the same room as me, Jenna's voice saying, "Yeah, like that."

The thudding has been replaced by a loud insistent banging. Jenna's louder now, as if she's facing the wall, sending her sexual energy into our room with her voice. It's taken on a ragged throaty quality. Not the voice of a girl, but of a sexual woman. 

"Ohhh Ohhhh Ohhhh!"

I can almost about hear the sound of flesh hitting flesh. Tim must be banging her from behind. 

Rachel suddenly sits upright. 

"Go tell them to stop," she says.

"What?" I reply incredulously, "You've got to be fucking kidding." 

"I really don't need to hear this" she replies in a small voice. 

I look at her closely. "Why?" I ask. 

"It's just weird that's why."

I know my wife pretty well. "Is it because you're attracted to Tim" I ask gently. 

"Don't be ridiculous." 

"Rach, it's ok to get turned on. Tim and Jenna are beautiful people and they're fucking two feet away from us." 

"So you think Jenna's beautiful?" Rachel accuses. 

"Sure," I reply, "But you have her beat." 

"Bullshit." 

"No Rach, I mean it." 

We look into each others eyes. It's been a long time since we've had sex. I can tell the activity in the next room's got her engines running. 

Jenna's cries build in intensity. I feel my cock stiffen. Suddenly Tim's grunts combine with Jenna's moans. 

That does it for Rachel. A feral gleam appears in her eye. 

"Wanna give those kids a run for their money?" she asks throatily. 

"I'm game," I reply grinning.

Rachel swings a shapely leg over my torso and straddles me. Inserting my cock into her moist opening I feel her tight warmth envelop my shaft. 

"What?" I chuckle, "No foreplay?" It's unusual for her to jump straight to intercourse. Normally she wants me to eat her out for ten minutes. Not tonight. 

Rachel closes her eyes and starts to rock her hips, grinding on my cock. She pulls her nightshirt over her head, uncovering her firm pert breasts. 

"Mmmmmmm," she moans. I reach up and cup a breast in each hand. 

"Yeahhhh baby," she says throwing her head back. 

I lie back and watch my wife undulate like a snake on my cock. In the next room I can her Jenna's cries getting louder. 

Rachel isn't looking at me. She's staring at the wall, her mouth half open, listening to the young lovers next door, inches from us, as they pound away. I close my eyes and imagine Jenna on all fours, thrusting her firm ass backwards as Tim hangs on to her hips, rutting her for all he's worth. 

Rachel starts to bounce up and down, sliding my cock in and out. 

"Yeah fuck me hard. Yeahhh." Jenna cries out. 

"Uhhhhhh," Rachel responds. 

"Fuck me Tim!" Jenna cries. 

Rachel's into her rhythm now, the sheen of perspiration on her body glistening in the moonlight. I start to buck my hips upwards, responding to her thrusts. I listen to the bedsprings creak. 

"Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhh!"

I love the sound of a woman in ecstasy. For me it's a tremendous turn on. Rachel's always been the quiet kind, so I'm enjoying Jenna's frenetic moans next door. But if I'm thinking of Jenna, I'll bet Rachel's imagining its Tim she's riding now. 

"Ohhhh!" Rachel cries. That's odd. She's usually not vocal. 

'Fuck me babe, ride my cock," I groan in encouragement. 

Rachel leans forward and gives me a ferocious kiss. I grab her ass and pull her deeper onto me. 

"Unnnuhhh." she grunts. 

"You like Tim? Don't you?"

"Yesssssss," Rachel moans. She must be lost in her pleasure. She'd never admit that. 

"You want that young guy between you legs." I say egging her on, 

"Oh..." 

"I'm not here Rach." 

"Whaa?" she moans. 

"Pretend its Tim's cock fucking you." 

"I've always wanted to fuck you Tim," she whispers. Now I've unlocked her fantasy.

"OH! OH!" Jenna yelps.

I flip Rachel over and start pounding her feverishly. The bed starts to shake making that "chukka chukka" clacking sound. Our headboard slaps against the wall. 

"OH FUCK YES!" Rachel yells drawing her knees back. 

Suddenly the noise in the next room stops. I pause midstroke. I think they hear us. 

"Don't stop." Rachel cries. 

"Shhhhhh" I whisper. "Wait a minute." 

Digging her fingernails into my ass Rachel yanks me into her. "FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME!" she yells. 

I renew my thrusting. Through the wall I hear movement, a giggle. Yep, they hear us. 

Rachel tilts her head back as if to look behind her, "Don't stop. Please don't stop," she pleads. 

I can't tell if she means me or the lovers next door. 

Slowly at first, then faster, I hear the motion of the bed next door rocking. 

"Uhhh, Uhhh, Uhhh," I hear Jenna whimper. 

Caught in the strong embrace of Rachel's thighs I start pistoning in and out of her slit. 

"Arrrghh, yessss ohhh" Rachel grunts. She's really into it now. 

"Fuck," I gasp. I feel my seed start to move inside my body. 

"Ohhh God! Oh God!" Jenna cries out. 

Rachel's breathing in ragged gasps, struggling to fill her lungs. Slamming her pelvis upwards to match my thrusts, her ass bounces against the mattress. 

"OMIGOD I'M GONNA CUM! OH GOD!" Jenna screams.

I lift myself up on my hands and really hammer Rachel's pussy. Sucking in air, her mouth wide open, head thrashing from side to side, her face is contorted in orgasmic agony. 

"Ohhh God, Ohhh God!" Rachel pants. I can feel the walls of her vagina flutter around my cock. She's almost there. 

"OHHHH, AHHHHHH, I'M CUMMMING! AHHHHH! AHHHHH!" Jenna yells. 

In perfect sync with the young woman next door Rachel orgasms. Arching her back she cries, "Oh God Yes! Yes! Yes! Ahhhhh. AHHHHH!"

I feel Rachel's warm pussy convulse around my cock. Plunging deeply into her, I cum with a roar. For a moment time stands still. 

"Oh shit, oh shit..." Rachel pants, her breathing starting to return to normal. 

"Wow!" I exhale collapsing on top of her. 

Bathed in sweat we lie together silently. I feel my erection soften, my semen leaking out on to the bed.

"You came a lot," my wife giggles. 

"Been a long time," I reply. 

"Mmmm," she moans, "Too long." 

"I love you baby," I say. 

"I love you too," she says giving me a quick kiss. 

Jenna and Tim settle down in the next room. Soon all is quiet. Rachel and I sleep entwined together. We haven't done that in a long time. 

Thanks kids. Thanks for the inspiration. 

This story will continue...