 Liz slowly perused the choice of snack crackers at the small grocery store, which was minimal. She picked out a couple boxes and placed them in her basket next to the apples, bananas and cheese she'd already selected. Her task had been snack food. Her husband, Ben, was an aisle over looking for vegetables. They met at the end of their respective aisles and walked over to where their friends, Darren and Carrie, were looking at wine.

"Anything good?" asked Ben.

"Ask the expert here," replied Darren, jerking his thumb towards his wife. "I got the beer."

Carrie smiled and pulled a bottle of white off the shelf. "I've heard good things about this one," she said, glancing over at Liz.

"Whatever you want," Liz replied with a wave of her hand and a smile. "You know me, I'll drink whatever."

Carrie grabbed a second bottle, and then a third. "This should do...for now."

Darren groaned and mimed a sore arm as Carrie deposited them in his basket. "That's about all I'm good for here," he joked. "A pack mule."

"Oh, whatever! What did you play all that football if it wasn't to prepare you to carry groceries for your devastatingly hot wife?" giggled Carrie as she playfully poked him in his firm stomach.

"Besides...," she said, looking over at Liz, giving her a wink. "You've got other skills" Liz blushed and felt her husband put his hand on her back as the two couples walked towards the solitary check-out counter.

"Have we got everything we need?" asked Ben with a glance out the window. Snow had started falling several hours before and according to the weather reports, it wasn't supposed to stop for a while. "We might not get another chance to come back down here tomorrow."

"If we forget anything, we'll just send you and Darren out on the skis," replied Carrie. "Liz and I will just camp out by the fireplace and drink the wine."

"Sounds good to me," said Liz with a laugh.

Liz, being unanimously voted as the most responsible of the group, was in charge of the cash and keeping track of receipts for the weekend getaway so she stepped up to the register. When the young clerk got to the wine, she looked at Liz and said, "I'm going to need to see some I.D."

"I'm flattered," smiled Liz, as she handed it over to the clerk. She heard some chuckles behind her. Liz was still getting carded even though she hadn't been under 21 for about five years. Liz liked to think it was her youthful looks that convinced clerks and bartenders the world over to continue asking for I.D., but she figured that if she was going to be honest with herself it was most likely just her petite frame and the fact she had pulled her brown hair back into a pony tail for the day's worth of travel.

The clerk handed the license back with an apologetic look, "Sorry...you know...rules and all."

"Oh, I don't mind," she replied.

The transaction complete, the foursome left the quaint country store bracing themselves against the cold wind that hit them as they opened the door. They loaded their groceries into Darren and Carrie's SUV for the drive to the cabin they'd rented for the weekend, which was a couple miles further down the road. Darren and Ben climbed into the front seats, while Carrie and Liz hopped into the back. As Darren eased the car out of the lot, Liz noticed the snow was already a couple inches deep and there were only a few tire marks going down the road in the direction they were headed.

Liz let her mind wander a bit as she watched the woods and snow fly by the window of the car. Renting the cabin had originally been Darren and Carrie's idea. Liz had been surprised they had wanted to include her and Ben, as the other couple had been married less than a year. Surely they'd want to have a romantic vacation alone, Liz had thought at the time. But they'd insisted that Ben and she join them and had invited another couple they all knew as well. Unfortunately, the other friends had to drop out at the last minute due to their flight getting canceled. So it was just the two couples heading up the road to the cabin for three days.

She felt a hand on her arm. "Liz...," said Carrie. Liz swiveled her head. She hadn't been paying attention.

"Yes?"

"You awake back there Liz?" asked Darren smiling. "I asked whether you need any more heat."

"Oh no, thanks, I'm fine," she answered. "Just looking at the snow."

"Just checking...," replied Darren.

"We don't want you getting chilly," chimed in Ben, looking in the side mirror trying to see his wife's face behind him.

Liz turned to the window again and pursed her lips. Ben always got a little anxious around Darren, particularly when Darren paid special attention to her. Ben and Darren got along well when it was just the guys, but despite numerous instances of Liz assuring Ben she no longer had feelings for Darren, Ben just couldn't seem to relax. Liz's mind went back to college, when she had dated Darren. There had been some fun times, but she couldn't forget the hurt he'd caused her as well. They'd parted as friends, but she never had any desire to be in a relationship with him again. Ben knew all of this, and had known Darren at the time, but he didn't seem to be able to let it go completely. Liz had made many efforts to show Ben she was unconditionally devoted to him, but she supposed she could never fully convince him.

She was jolted from her thoughts as she felt the car slip and fishtail a little on the snow covered road.

"Nice one hot shot," joked Carrie as she playfully hit her husband's shoulder from behind.

"Not while I'm driving, woman!" Darren grinned and slowed the car down to turn off onto a side road that led to their cabin. There were no tire tracks in the snow here and the road was only wide enough for the SUV. Trees hemmed it in on either side.

"Looks like we've got the place to ourselves," commented Ben.

"Yeah, the girl I talked to on the phone said the other cabin up here hadn't been rented this weekend," replied Darren. "So we're it."

"Lovely," said Carrie. "I'm actually glad it's just us." A couple hundred yards later as they pulled up to where they'd be staying, Liz realized that "cabin" was really an understatement. It looked more like a comfortable, mountain home from the outside. Darren parked the car and they climbed out, waded through the snow that had accumulated and made their way to the porch. Carrie found the key where the rental agency had told her it was and unlocked the door.

It opened into what looked like a mud room, with a clothes washer and dryer and a place to hang their coats. Carrie kicked off her boots. "Hey, let's get the car unloaded," Darren said. He looked at Carrie, "Why don't you and Liz stay in here and unpack things while Ben and I bring the stuff in."

"Sounds good to me," said the women, almost in unison. So while the guys traipsed back outside, Carrie and Liz took off their coats and boots and began to explore. The mud room led to a large room which contained the kitchen, a small dining area and a larger open space with a fireplace and a couple expansive couches and comfy chairs. A hallway led to three bedrooms in the back of the house. Two bedrooms shared a bathroom and the other, larger bedroom had a bathroom all its own.

"This is quite a cabin," said Carrie sarcastically, putting air quotes around the word cabin.

"Totally," said Liz. "Come check out this bathroom," she called from the main bedroom. Carrie joined her and saw a large jacuzzi-style tub against one wall.

"Nice!" she exclaimed. "Who gets this room?"

"Oh, you two can have it...you planned all this," said Liz sweetly. "Just as long as I can use the tub at some point," she added laughing.

"Deal! Let's go help the guys."

***************************

Darkness descended earlier than the couples were used to because of the clouds and higher latitudes, but they'd brought in plenty of firewood from the pile stacked in a shed behind the house. A fire was crackling in the fireplace and the dinner dishes had been cleaned up. "Excellent work you two," said Carrie as she flopped down on the couch beside her husband, her back to his side and her legs up over the arm of the couch. She took a sip of her wine from the glass she held carefully.

"Oh, sure thing," said Ben. "Ya'll are on dinner duty tomorrow night, and we expect excellent things," he chided. After the couples had gotten their bags and food stowed in the house, Ben and Liz had set out exploring what the kitchen had to offer in the way of cooking implements. Like most rentals it was pretty sparse, but they had done what they could with the limited cookware and had prepared some pasta in a white wine sauce with mushrooms.

"Challenge accepted," said Darren with a grin. "I noticed a pair of snowmobiles in the shed out back when Ben and I were getting firewood. We should get those out tomorrow if the snow lets up."

"Definitely," said Ben. "It's still coming down pretty hard though now." As if to reenforce his words, the wind blew strongly, rattling something outside the window and pushing a cold gust down the chimney, making the flames flicker. Liz snuggled closer to her husband.

"I sure hope it dies down. I want to get outside tomorrow...can't stay cooped up in here all day," said Darren. "I'd go stir-crazy."

Carrie reached up and touched his cheek with her finger tips, "Oh, I don't know honey...I could think of a few things we could do to keep you from going crazy...". She winked at him and then looked over at Ben and Liz.

Darren grinned. "Aw, well, you know I can't say no to you. Guess it wouldn't be all bad, eh Ben?" asked Darren rhetorically.

Liz saw Ben smile awkwardly. He chuckled, but Liz could tell it was forced. He never did well even joking about these sorts of things with other people. She smiled a much more natural smile and played along. "This place definitely has a romantic feel to it...you two shouldn't have invited us in the first place. You could have had it all to yourselves."

"Oh, we'd get bored up here all by ourselves," said Carrie. "Believe it or not, there's only so much of Darren I can take." Darren mimed a hurt look and then chuckled at the double entendre.

Now it was Liz's turn to feel flushed, and she was sure it wasn't from the heat of the fire to her right. Carrie winked at her slyly and got up. "Who needs some more wine?"

All three raised their glasses as Carrie walked back to the sitting area with what remained in the second bottle. "Just enough to top everyone off. We're going to need to go back to the store before the weekend is over."

"What were we thinking only getting three bottles...," said Ben laughing. "Who was responsible for wine anyway?" he asked jokingly.

"That would be this one," said Darren playfully as he wrapped his arms around his wife as she sat back down. "Don't worry, I'll properly reprimand her later tonight. Just ignore any squealing you might hear."

At that, all four of them laughed, any awkwardness from Carrie's previous comments melting away. Liz rested her head on Ben's shoulder as she sipped. The conversation shifted to updates on jobs, mutual friends and Carrie and Darren's new home they'd purchased a couple months ago. Liz could feel the wine going to her head. She had a nice buzz and was a little fuzzy-headed from the combination of wine, the fire and her desire for Ben, which had been stoked by Carrie's earlier behavior. She reached over and clasped Ben's hand and gave it a squeeze.

"I think we should call it a night," she said as she emptied her glass and smiled at him.

"It is getting late," agreed Carrie as she leaned back and laid her head on Darren's lap, her blonde hair fanning out over his thighs. "Will you take me to bed?" she said playfully looking up at him.

"I don't know, I think I've had too much wine. You might take advantage of me," he joked.

"We'll leave you two to work it out," said Ben as he caught Liz's desire flicker in her eyes and stood. Liz stood with him, wobbling and clutching at him to stabilize herself.

"Good night you two," said Liz, smiling as Ben led her down the hallway to their bedroom.

"We're right behind you," answered Carrie.

*************************

Liz emerged from the bathroom in a short nightie and panties. Ben was waiting for her. They immediately embraced, their lips touching sweetly but firmly. "I was wondering how long we would have to wait before heading to bed," said Liz between kisses. "While the fire was nice, we could make our own warmth in here." The wine combined with somewhat risque conversation had managed to ignite her passions.

Ben broke away. "Oh, do you think Darren and Carrie tended the fire before going to bed?"

"I don't know. Can it wait? I need you now," pleaded Liz playfully.

"I don't want the place to catch fire," said Ben. "It'll just be a sec."

"Please hurry!" she said as she gave him a pouty look and then added, "And make sure they're not still out there being naughty or something."

Ben slipped out of the room and made his way down the short hall to the living area. He didn't hear any sounds coming from the couch area. The fire had not been tended, so he made sure to push the few logs and embers that were still burning to the back of the fireplace and tried to cover them with ashes. That should do, he thought. On his way back down the hallway he walked past Darren and Carrie's door and could hear the unmistakable sound of a bed squeaking in a distinct rhythm. Then a moan from Carrie. Then another, even louder. He stopped to listen. It must have been longer than he thought because he heard his own bedroom door open down the hall and saw Liz's head poke out.

"What are you--," she started to ask, but he shushed her with a finger to his lips. He then waved her down the hall to him. She tiptoed up to him as he pointed to their friends' door.

There was another moan from behind the door. Liz's eyes went wide. "Oh my," she mouthed. They heard the bed continue to squeak at regular intervals and Carrie's moans were occasionally interspersed with a few grunts from Darren.

"They didn't waste any time," whispered Ben. Liz moved her hand down and pressed against Ben's shorts, feeling his hardness beneath the fabric. She was surprised he was this excited.

"I don't think we should waste any either," she replied, meeting his eyes with hers. She was even more surprised that she was this excited.

They hurried back to their room and quietly closed the door. They were on each other in a second, kissing passionately, their tongues hungrily pushing their ways into each other's mouths. Gone were the soft sensitive kisses of a moment earlier. These kisses had a purpose, a message. "I want you to fuck me," these kisses demanded in no uncertain terms.

His hands were on her rear, pressing her body to his. He could feel the goosebumps on her shoulders and arms. "Warm me up," she giggled.

As they kissed, Liz moved backwards towards the bed until she felt the back of her thighs touching the comforter. She broke away and lifted her nightie up over her head as Ben pulled his t-shirt off. She sat down on the edge of the bed and grasped the waistband of her husband's shorts, eagerly pulling them down his legs. His erect penis sprang out and she grasped it lightly in her fingers. She smiled and took the tip of it in her mouth.

"Mmm, Liz," Ben moaned. He watched his wife slide her lips down over his cock and bob her head, her tongue swirling all around him. "That feels so good baby," he groaned softly and slid his fingers through her hair, urging her on. She looked up at him while she sucked his firm penis.

Liz was only able to stand this for a couple minutes; she was aching to have him inside her. She withdrew his cock from her mouth and inched back on the bed smiling naughtily. At the same time she pulled her panties down her legs. Her cheeks were flushed and her thighs nearly trembling with desire. Ben got the hint and climbed on top of her, slipping his hand down between her thighs.

"Mmm...so turned on honey," he noted, feeling her wetness. "Was it me or listening to our friends?" he teased.

"A little bit of both," Liz conceded with a naughty grin. They could still hear an occasional moan from the bedroom across the hallway. She pictured Darren and Carrie in her mind, naked, on their bed. She lost herself in the past for a moment and her mind drifted back to those days, until she was brought back to reality and her lover by his lips on her right breast. Her eyes refocused on him and she gasped with pleasure as he sucked on her nipple.

"It's such a turn on that you're turned on by them," said Ben as he raised his head from her breast, as if he could read her mind.

"I'm so glad sweetie. I could say the same for you," she said. This sort of urgency from Ben was a rarity and she marveled a bit at how much he seemed to desire her at the moment. The feeling was definitely mutual. "I want you inside me, Ben."

Her words put a hungry look in Ben's eyes. He grabbed her about the waist and bodily flipped her onto her stomach, positioning her on all fours on the bed so he could stand behind her. She gasped loudly and looked back over her shoulder. In four years of marriage, Liz could count on one hand the number of times Ben had taken her this way. He placed his hands on her hips and slowly pushed himself into her. The feeling of his cock filling her was familiar yet incendiary. She tossed her hair, and her eyes rolled back. "Oooh my God, Ben!" she moaned quite loudly.

"They might hear you," said Ben between breaths.

"Mmmm...," Liz replied. "So what, they know what we're doing." She got a look in her eyes as if to say, "I want them to know." With that she gasped loudly and said without concern for the thin walls. "Fuck me Ben!"

Ben took his cue and thrust hard and fast, his fingers digging into her flesh as he pulled himself into her. Their hips making those unmistakable, wet slapping noises as their bodies met time and time again. Liz moaned and whimpered throughout, just hanging on for the ride as her man took her from behind, like an animal. She reached down to find her already swollen clit and pressed to fingers to it, pushing herself towards the edge.

"I'm close Ben. I'm so close..." she whimpered. A pained grunt from Ben told her he was as well.

"Yesss..." he moaned. She began to pant as her orgasm quickly approached. He drove into her with vigor, their bodies slapping together. She moaned loudly and her legs quivered, sending a shudder through her form. She felt him explode inside her, emptying himself into her spasming body. The heat building inside her finally reached a crescendo and the orgasm took her. Liz arched her back and rode the sweet pleasure to its climax before collapsing onto the bed.

Ben crumpled on top of her, breathing heavily, his softening cock sliding from her still twitching pussy. "Oh Ben, that was amazing," she worked to catch her breath as they lay together on the bed. She thought their bodies fit together so perfectly in this moment. "So good," she whispered.

"I hope we weren't too loud," said Ben laughing. He smoothed her messy hair behind one ear and kissed her cheek sweetly.

"I hope we were!"

She was only half joking.

************************************

Liz awoke to find light falling across her face. It wasn't the harsh light of sunlight, but it definitely was daylight. She rolled over to find Ben had already arisen. She heard the toilet flush, which told her where he was. A moment later he emerged from the bathroom to see her awake and smiled. "Morning," they said together. He leaned down to kiss her.

"Still snowing?"

"Yep, still pretty hard."

"I'm hungry."

"I'll make some breakfast while you get up."

"Muah," Liz replied, mouthing a thank-you kiss.

As he left, she pulled herself out of bed and dug around in the sheets for her discarded panties. Finding them she went into the bathroom to pee. As she was brushing her teeth Liz thought about last night, thinking about how that was some of the hottest sex they'd had in a while. Sex with Ben was good. It was regular and passionate, but nothing about which you'd write to Guinness. But last night had an added flare - the knowledge that their friends were doing the same thing across the hall. It had certainly turned her on. She wondered if this weekend could be used to spice things up a bit, push the envelope, to use another overused metaphor. She giggled to herself. Liz pondered the idea of asking Carrie for advice. She hadn't known Carrie as long as she'd known Darren and Ben, but that almost made it easier to talk to her about things like sex. Carrie was frank and open about her uninhibited sexuality. She had a lot more experience in many areas. Talking to her was totally different than talking to her long-time friends with whom she grew up. Those were friends Liz shared her hopes and dreams with, not her questions about sex. She rinsed her mouth out and went back out to the bedroom. She didn't bother pulling a bra on over her petite breasts; no one would notice with the baggy sweatshirt she'd put on. She slipped on a pair of socks and some comfy, flannel pants and went out to see what Ben had been able to put together.
