 Nothing more relaxing than a good book after a warm shower, Tammy thought as she settled down next her husband on the couch, clad only in the soft bathrobe she got for Christmas and a towel around her head. She was about halfway into the book, that point where the plot has been pretty well established and things were really starting to get interesting. A friend of hers had recommended this one. She said it was one hell of a steamy bodice ripper. So far it had been pretty disappointing. Peter had been chasing Samantha who had been putting up a token resistance as always happens in these book.

She was pretty well into book land when Ben, her husband spoke. "What ya reading?" he asked her. "Nothing," she replied as she blushed a little, not wanting to tell him that she had been hoping for a dirty novel. The TV was off which meant he had been watching her for awhile. "Why don't you read some of it out loud," he suggested gently. She knew there was no way out of it.

He watched her and listened intently to her words as she read to him. Peter and Samantha just survived a car accident. They didn't know who was trying to kill them. Samantha had just finished the shower. Peter was in the room taking his shirt off. Tammy knew that the love scene she was waiting for was just about to happen. She resisted the urge to touch herself as she read. Ben was watching after all and she thought him watching her play with herself would be too embarrassing.

The writer was good and Tammy quickly felt herself drawn back into the story. There was the normal dialog, lots of innuendo and plenty of double entendre. Peter and Samantha were just now settling on to the bed and sliding beneath the smooth silky covers. Peter was describing the smell of Samantha's sex and how aroused she was. Tammy's own arousal wasn't lost on Ben. She had been so engrossed in her reading that she hadn't noticed him gently part her robe. He slowly and gently kissed his way up her leg while she was reading out loud. She stirred subconsciously and parted her legs for him, but gave no sign of noticing him.

He was careful to pace himself. He'd been with her for several years. He enjoyed watching her read her books. She didn't know it, but he had always enjoyed watching her play with herself as she read through the love scenes. He wanted to make it an activity for both of them.

He'd done his research on the internet ahead of time. He wanted to find a book with plenty of buildup to some well written erotica. None of those lame innuendos, he wanted something downright pornographic. He finally found the perfect book. He bought himself a copy and read through it in secret, carefully making note of the first in a long series of passionate love scenes. He talked to Frank at work. It just so happened that Frank was the husband of one of Tammy's best friends. Through that connection he was able to arrange for Tammy to start reading the book. From there it was just a simple matter of following her progress through it and being ready at the right time. Knowing what was happening and when certainly didn't help with the timing of his current endeavor either. 

He was slowly working his way up her calf as Peter was going over Samantha's breasts. It wouldn't be much longer now. Peter began kissing his way down Samantha's flat tummy. That was his cue to move it up. Ben started kissing his way up Tammy's soft inner thigh to reach her warm slit just as Peter reached Samantha's. Ben kissed her outer lips, parting them slowly with his tongue.

She had been so into the moment she hardly noticed it. Peter had been slowly teasing Samantha. God she wished Ben wasn't watching so she could play with herself. As if reading her mind, there Ben was. She struggled, gasped in excitement, and almost came then. She had to struggle to focus on the book. It was tough work, but she quickly realized that Ben was following the activity of the story. As Peter played with Samantha, so did Ben play with Tammy. He gently sucked her clit as she read on. Peter slid his fingers slowly into Samantha, Ben did the same. First one, then two. She stopped and put the book down, wanting him to get her off so bad. "Oh baby that feels so good. I want you inside me." She moaned to her lover. He kissed the inside of her leg before looking up to answer her, "your just going to have to keep reading," he replied to her with a wicked smile, using his other hand to massage her clitoris as he spoke.

She sighed and picked the book back up. She began to read and she wrapped her legs over his shoulders, pulling him close as he went down on her. It was a small paper back and she could hold it easily with one hand. She used her free hand to massage his scalp, guiding and encouraging him to lick the right spots, or suck the right place. He sucked her clit and slid is fingers in and out gently, just as Peter was doing to Samantha. Tammy hoped that if she was lucky she could sneak a quick orgasm in before Ben noticed.

Ben grabbed her hips with both hands and pulled her close to his mouth. His tongue and mouth moving faster as she read on. He began to move his tongue faster and suck harder as momentum built in the story. Samantha climaxed for Peter and shortly after Tammy dropped the book, and squeezed Bens head between her legs. He gripped her ass tightly as she pulled his hair as a powerful orgasm wracked her own sweaty body.

She gasped and relaxed as Ben gently kissed her. He kissed his way up her body gently sucking on her neck as he took the book from the night stand. Then he settled back in the couch and began to read himself.

Following her orgasm Peter continued to play with Samantha expertly rubbing near her sensitive clit, but not directly on it until she was suitably aroused once again. Tammy realized that she had been idly playing with her self as she listened to his soothing voice read the remainder of the love scene. Samantha turned her attention to Peter. She began to stroke his throbbing member. Tammy was feeling recovered and ready to give Ben some payback. She stood up and removed her robe before letting her hair down. Her hair was still slightly damp and lay close to her pale skin. She straddled his leg and worked her way up, gripping his thigh as she crawled, pressing her warm damp mound against his muscular Leg.

Ben had been ready for bed when this started. That made it easier for her. She gently ran her fingernails down his chest until she was able to reach into his boxers and free his erect cock through the opening that was oh so conveniently located. Ben started describing how Samantha was taking Peter deep into her warm mouth. Tammy took that as her cue and did like wise. She swirled her tongue around his gland, tasting his warm precum. She enjoyed the feeling of his cock. When she thought about it she realized why men were so fascinated with breasts. It was a new thing for her. She didn't have a penis of her own and his deeply fascinated her. She like the way it throbbed in her hand and kicked in her mouth as she sucked it.

She realized that she was neglecting his balls and decided it was their turn for some attention too. She marveled at the way they hung there in the sack. They sometimes seemed to move all on their own. She kissed the smooth shaved skin and gently sucked one of the testicles into her mouth as she vigorously stroked his member. She could feel his balls rising up close to his body. She let them drop from her mouth, catching them in one hand, while she reached around his leg to scratch his back. She slid her soft lips over the tip of his penis, and slowly down the shaft. She let her mouth water around it as she felt its length in her mouth, moving her tongue along the sensitive underside and she took him deep into her mouth. She gently played with his balls while she tried to take his entire length into her mouth imagining how good it would feel to have it filling another part of her body.

She could tell he was on the verge. Which way to go? Save him for later or get him off now? She made her decision, and worked her mouth up and down his shaft a couple times then taking him deep into her. Tammy felt his warm rush in her throat and heard him moan. She began to play with herself and suck on him while she fantasized about where she was going to put him next.

Ben continued to read. Samantha had nearly given Peter the most amazing blow job of his life. Just as Tammy had done to him. Lucky for Peter though Samantha had stopped short and was beginning to ride Peter. Ben was enjoying Tammy's continued sucking as he read though. He felt her warm tongue on his balls as they slowly relaxed. Peter was enjoying how easily his cock slid into Samantha's moist tunnel. She slid him deep inside her, nearly touching her cervix as she settled all the way against his balls. Ben fantasized about Tammy as she sucked his now growing penis. Her mouth was warm and inviting. He loved it when she let him cum in her mouth. It always put him just on the pleasant verge of overstimulation. As she licked now he thought about how good it would feel to be between her legs. 

Tammy loved the feeling of having Ben's flaccid cock in her mouth. She loved how small it made it. She could easily hold the whole thing in her mouth and roll it around with her tongue. She let it grow inside her before letting its slide from her mouth, leaving a small string of drool. She gripped it in her hand as she wriggled up his body, swinging her leg so she straddled him. She listened to him read about Samantha riding Peter as she rubbed his hard once more cock against her won clit. She lifted herself up and slid his cock deep into her hungry, starving vagina.

She wanted him so badly that she hardly waited for him to settle into her before she started grinding on him. She alternated between using her hips to ride back and forth, and her legs to ride up in down. She was just starting to really enjoy the feeling of his girth sliding inside her when she realized he was still reading while he gently rocked with her. Just in time he finished the scene. Peter and Samantha were getting hot and heavy just like they were when at last they exploded together. 

Ben cast the book aside just in time to grab Tammy and thrust back into her, heightening her own orgasm. He pressed himself as deep into her as he could get while she dug her nails into his chest, gasping as her muscles tightened on his hard rod as he fought to keep them from pushing her out of him. "I want you to fuck me." She managed to get out between gasps of ecstasy as he lifted her from the couch and rolled over so that she was under him and on top of a pile of pillows. He put her legs on his shoulders and leaned forward slapping his balls against her ass.

She was a little embarrassed by the noise they were making. She was so wet that she could hear a slick sucking noise as he thrust in and out of her. She gripped his muscular arms and moaned at him. "Harder," she gasped into his ear before taking it into her mouth. She moaned around his ear lobe and struggled to thrust back against him. It felt good to feel him banging around inside her. They had been busy and it seemed like it had been way to long. "Fuck it," she thought, "I'll walk funny tomorrow, I want it." She could feel her orgasm building again; it was going to be a big one. 

She reached around him and ran long scratches down his back as she breathed in his ear, "I want you to come inside me," she gasped "I want to feel your cum squirting against my pussy walls." She meant it too. She loved the way it throbbed when he came. Her orgasm was going to be huge and his was close. She always had the best orgasms when he came while she was. She wanted him to cum so bad. It was like waiting on a trigger. She wanted to feel every little inch of him as he throbbed and fired off deep inside her. She wanted to feel him squirt his juices into her. She wanted to ride him as their fluids slowly drained from her.

She gripped him moving her legs around his shoulders to wrap them around his back. She squeezed him deep inside her while he came. She gasped with the shock of the power of her own orgasm and bit down tightly on his chest while she gripped his back and squeezed him tightly. He wrapped one arm around her and pulled her body close, the other he ran through her head and held her to the bruise she was leaving, complete with teeth marks. He continued to pump in and out of her while he gasped before biting down on her own shoulder.

They held each other for a few moments their heads swimming together as he faded inside her and slipped out. She kept squeezing till her arms grew sore. She could feel their juices draining but she didn't care. She just wanted to be close to this wonderful man that she loved.

They relaxed and he handed her the towel she had wrapped her head in. They used it to clean up before spooning together naked in bed. They held and kissed each other lovingly. While they made plans for the morning. They fail asleep in each others arms while she wondered what the next chapter would bring.