 My girlfriend had not been happy when she saw Sara's friend request. After establishing she was a work friend, she had been wary of me accepting, and when I asked why she told me because Sara was "my type".

I denied this profusely, of course, but Jasmine was right, my new work colleague was most definitely my type. 

She was only a little over five foot with black, curly hair and was extremely voluptuous. I've always liked chubby girls, and she was full figured, with a small belly and full cheeks. She boasted a large, full arse and a pair of heavy, juicy looking tits which jiggled as she walked and which provided a frequent distraction from the boredom of answering phone calls every day.

And she was gloriously filthy, always dishing the dirt on her frequent dates and telling me in cock stiffening detail about her extensive and adventurous exploits in the bedroom. And in hotel rooms. And the outdoors. And in VIP areas at clubs.

Sara was a goer, in the first week I'd known her she'd told me that she had a couple of regular fuck buddies and shagged on the first date. As much as I loved Jas I found myself regretting that I wasn't single because I'd love to take this raven haired wench out and fuck her senseless. 

I flirted a little, compliments here and there, a little bit of innuendo and she responded instantly. Sara was one of those women who quite quickly realizes when a guy is into her and enjoys teasing and flirting them, probably knowing that quite often I'd be answering my next caller with a hard on, and that her stories formed the fantasies I had as I wanked in the shower.

I never would have made a move if it hadn't been for the strangest thing.

Her armpits.

Sara had hairy armpits.

I noticed it one shift when she stretched and underneath her arm was a small fuzzy area. Hairy armpits are quite rare and I watched in fascination, I'm not a freak or anything, but soon those hairy armpits were something I kept an eye out for. 

Unlike a lot of guys, I don't mind hairy women, I think because my first experience of naked women were readers wives in old top shelf mags, and they quite often boasted full bushes, and I lost my virginity to a girl who was unshaven. In fact when she shaved a few weeks later I was a little disappointed, and found her utterly bald pussy a bit off putting.

Sara's armpits were a naughty little flash here and there, and because they were so unusual they became something of an obsession. I loved that she didn't care and was totally unselfconscious about them, and her Facebook page showed she was proud of her "pit kittens" and a member of pro-body hair groups.

Jasmine in this respect was a bit straight-laced, she shaved everywhere and had only agreed to grow a small patch of fuzz above her pussy after we got into a discussion after watching some porn. She seemed weirded out and puzzled by my preference for pubes, and there was frequent landscaping. I didn't mind though, and was more than happy to bury my face between her thighs and eagerly eat her cunt at any opportunity.

Things with Sara would have stayed on a flirty, friendly basis if not for the input of Gemma, another member of our team and a bit of a plastic. I knew from countless dull conversations that she was a regular gym goer and to be fair she was in fantastic shape, her body lithe and toned. She was meticulously put together and wore clothes that to my untrained eye looked expensive, her hair was bleached blonde and every inch of her face covered in makeup and her eyebrows were ludicrously well maintained. 

It was a quiet Sunday shift and Gemma was sitting next to me when Sara, wearing a light summer dress which was sleeveless, stretched upwards, arching her back and thrusting her ample chest out. It could have just been a stretch, but the twinkle in her eye and the smile she flashed me suggested it might be for my benefit, and if it was, I'd enjoyed the show.

"Eugh!" Gemma exclaimed. "Doesn't that annoy you?"

"What?" Sara asked, clearly puzzled by the outburst.

"Your armpit hair! I mean, I have to shave, I just feel gross if I leave it for more than a few days."

Sara smiled and shook her head.

"No, why should it bother me? It's totally natural, we're meant to have hair."

"Eww, no way!" Gemma giggled. "I definitely don't agree with that, the only hair I have is on my head."

An image of Gemma's hairless, toned body popped into my head and while it wasn't unappealing I suspected it wouldn't replace Sara's hair and curves in my spank bank.

"See, I only shave my legs." Sara said with a smile. "And that's only if I'm wearing a skirt."

Gemma pulled a face that implied that Sara had said something truly horrendous, and I smiled at her discomfort, and also at the mental image of Sara's hairy cunt, which made my cock twitch inside my trousers.

"You don't even shave your-your" The word was clearly too horrific for Gemma to utter out loud and she added in a whisper "pubes?"

"Nope." Sara said, not a trace of embarrassment. "Don't really trim it that much either."

"That's so wrong!"

"If it's wrong, why do we have hair there?" Sara replied.

Gemma seemed lost at this, and seeking helped turned to me.

"Chris, what about you?" She asked me, shooting a dirty look at Sara. "Don't you think a girl should be neat down there?"

I felt my face flush slightly.

"Actually, I don't mind, whatever she likes really." I said, and got an eye-roll from Gemma, although Sara smiled at me.

"So, what does your girlfriend have?" Sara asked.

"Umm, she just has a landing strip." Why had I shared that? Jasmine would be mortified that I'd told two girls she barely knew that.

"Ah, so somewhere in the middle then?" Sara asked. "I reckon you should go all out, myself."

"Well, it's better than nothing."

"You're a weirdo, Chris!" Gemma shot from behind a pout and, disgusted with us, turned her focus to a trashy celebrity magazine.

"So, would you like her to have more?" Sara asked, leaning in close. Her eyes were locked on mine and I felt a mix of attraction and fear, mesmerized by her intensity.

"Yeah...I guess, I mean, she used to be totally shaved."

"Oh, you like a bit of hair then?"

"Definitely." I said that far too quickly, I thought, and gratefully answered the phone to take my next customer.

X X X X X

A few more calls stopped further discussion, but in my head I couldn't shake the image of Sara opening her legs to reveal a mass of dark, lustrous hair between her thighs and the idea ensured I spent most of my time shifting uncomfortably.

While I adjusted myself for what felt the hundredth time my eyes met Sara's and I felt my cheeks burn with embarrassment. Lunch was a blessed release and I hurried to the toilets.

I'd just come out and taken a seat in the break area when Sara, who I'd left arguing with a difficult customer joined me, eating from a punnet of blueberries.

"God, I'm so bored." She sighed, slumping opposite me and treating me to a tantalizing glimpse of cleavage.

"Still, it's not all bad." She said, a wicked grin playing across her face. "I learnt that there are still guys out there who appreciate a good hairy pussy."

She'd said it softly, so nobody else had heard, and carried on as normal, no doubt enjoying the way my cheeks flushed and my jaw dropped.

"I had a date on Thursday" She continued in the same low tone, again meeting my gaze and staring into my eyes. I felt uncomfortably like prey after the hunter had locked on its sights. "Guy was a total dick, I gave him a great blow job and then when it came time to return the favour he wouldn't. Said the hair put him off. Can you imagine? And after I'd spent twenty minutes sucking his smelly cock!"

At this point my cock was rock hard and I thought her date was an utter fool.

"I chucked him out after that. He said we could still fuck, but the mood was gone for me." She shrugged. "Kinda regret it though, means I've had to take care of myself the last few days, if you know what I mean."

I nodded, dumbfounded by what I was hearing, and desperate not to imagine Sara taking care of herself, because my cock was aching inside my trousers by now.

"And that's fine, but it's not the same is it?"

"No." My voice was hoarse and breathless.

"Do you like eating pussy?" She asked as if asking if I liked coffee.

"Y-yeah."

"Do you like eating your girlfriend's hairy cunt?" 

"Yes." Barely a whisper escaped me in response.

"Do you wish it was hairier sometimes?"

I just nodded at this, sure that by now my face must be glowing red.

"I'm going to go to the disabled toilets. If you want to eat a proper, woman's cunt instead of a girl's come and knock three times." With that she got up and left.

I sat there, my face red and my cock rock hard, trying to control my breathing, which sounded ragged to me. Had I imagined that whole conversation? Or had I just been offered the opportunity to eat pussy at work?

Did it matter? I had a girlfriend. I loved Jazz, and would never hurt her. And our sex life was amazing, so what if she got embarrassed about me going down on her sometimes, I was more than happy.

But still...I did love eating cunt, and it had been a while. And the image of Sara's full bush was driving me wild.

I stood up quickly enough to draw stares from the others in the work area and hustled out quickly. The disabled toilet was in use, for the first time since I'd joined the company three months before and after steadying myself with a deep breath I knocked three times.

After a matter of seconds the door opened and Sara peeked through the gap.

"I was starting to think you'd chickened out!" She said, opening it wide enough for me to slip in, and she shut and locked it behind me. On the hand rail before me were draped a pair of red and white polka dot panties, and the realization she'd stripped these off made my cock ache even more.

I turned to face her and she smiled at me.

"You ready?"

I nodded.

"Good, I was worried I'd have to finish myself off again."

As she spoke she'd moved towards the toilet and she perched there, raising one leg to the small shelf on the wall, her other leg moving across until she sat, legs spread wide.

I nervously licked my lips as she hitched up her skirt, exposing her creamy white thighs and between them a thick, dense tangle of black hairs. This would have been enough to drive me wild, but some of the hairs glistened as the light touched them, showing me her wetness and arousal.

"Like what you see?"

"Y-yes."

That wicked smile flashed again and she spoke authoritatively "Come on then, get over and start licking."

I didn't need further urging and rushed forward, dropping to my knees and gripping her knees. I kissed and bit down her thighs, delighting in the moans this forced from her lips and then I was face to face with her dense hair, the sweet smell of cunt filling my nostrils and I buried my face in it.

My tongue darted out, probing and eager, exploring until finally I found her hot, wet slit and tasted her for the first time. She tasted amazing and I greedily probed her tight cunt, feeling her tremble above me.

I tongue fucked her for a few moments before I traced my tongue upwards, burying my face deeper in her hair, loving the feel, the smell and the taste of her glorious cunt. Comforted and aroused by the hair that brushed my face as my tongue found her throbbing clit.

I began licking this, fighting the urge to lash it with my tongue, slowly teasing her with soft licks and the occasional kiss, pushing the hood back I pulled back and feasted my eyes on her pink button, before once more taking it in my mouth,

My tongue flicked it, building speed and I reveled in her soft moans and whispered encouragements.

"Oh, fuck, yes, that's it!" She hissed, her breathing ragged and broken with soft moans. "Right there, Chris! Mmmm!"

Then I took it in my mouth, sucking her clit hard, still flicking my tongue. It was a move I'd used before, and again it worked for me, and her moans grew louder and she cursed loudly. A hand seized my head, forcing my face into her, filling my nostrils with the smell of her desire. I paused sucking to catch my breath as she smothered me in her mound, but kept my tongue moving at all times.

I slid a hand underneath me, finding her wet cunt and slipped two fingers inside her, curving them and beginning to stroke her slowly and deeply, her juices dribbling down my fingers as I attacked on both fronts simultaneously.

"Ohhh, yes! That's so fucking good, baby!" She moaned, any attempt at whispering forgotten as her pleasure grew. "Your girlfriend's a lucky bitch!" 

The mention of Jasmine should have provoked guilt, or remorse, but I was too engrossed in Sara's wetness to mind, her juices dribbled down my chin, catching in my beard as I sucked and licked her clit with renewed vigour. 

Sara's breathing quickened, her hips bucked towards me and the hand gripped my hair painfully, forcing me down between her legs. Her thighs closed around my head and her moans grew louder, and she called out to God in her pleasure.

I felt the orgasm build, her body trembling beneath my tongue, the thighs squeezing closer on my head and her cunt pulsing around my fingers as she let forth one final, shuddering cry.

I felt her body slump beneath me, but kept licking at her clit, although I withdrew my fingers. Sara's panting was mingled with her kind words of thanks and praise.

"My God, Chris...that was fucking amazing!" I heard her soft laugh. "Fuck me, I know who to go to next time I need a pick-me-up!"

I smiled to myself and felt proud, my cock still ached in my pants, but I wanted to earn more praise and so I renewed my sucking and licking, taking her hard clit between my lips. It was mere moments before her body shook with fresh waves of pleasure and she gasped loudly, her tights threatening to squash my head as ecstasy overtook her.

She patted my head.

"That's enough for today, baby."

Reluctantly I pulled back, looked up at her. She smiled down at me, her face flushed and shining with sweat, her hair slightly dishevelled. 

"That was unbelievable, Chris." She grinned. "Did you like eating my hairy cunt?"

I nodded eagerly and stupidly and she chuckled.

"Do you want to do it again?"

"Oh, yes, please." I blurted.

"I'm sure we can arrange that." She glanced at her watch. "Looks like we need to head back in a few minutes." 

She stood up, standing over me and again patted my head.

"I knew I liked you, Chris."

With that she left, and I locked the door behind her, quickly dropping my trousers and gripping my aching, throbbing cock. It only took a few frantic tugs before I let out a low grunt and emptied my a thick, hot load into the toilet. I flushed and rinsed my face, trying to get rid of the smell of cunt on my breath and beard, turning I saw the knickers still on the rail.

I picked them up, held them to my face and smelt Sara's sweet, delicious cunt on them. I slipped them into my pocket as a souvenir, and headed back to my desk. My manager Ant's complaint of my tardiness washed over me as I sat down and received another wicked grin from Sara.

At that moment I had no idea of the new sexual adventure I had started on and where my sexy, hairy workmate would take me.