 This is my first submission so please when providing feedback; please restrict yourself to constructive criticism.

Chapter 1

It was well past midnight as Mark drove home; once again his girlfriend had left him with a raging case of blue balls. He was after all eighteen; he needed something more then mild petting and a few minutes of making out. Kristen was a beautiful girl, shoulder length blonde hair and the brightest blue eyes he had ever seen, he just seemed to lose himself when he stared deeply into them. But she was also a good Catholic, and wanted to keep her virginity till her wedding night; aside from the obvious problem, her aforementioned good looks only made things worse.

His cock stirred as he remembered when he picked her up, dressed in a tight pair of jeans and her C-cup tits pressing against her sweater. Through the entire movie he kept trying to get a feel of her ass, or breasts, whatever happened to be exposed at the time. Sadly each attempt was met with resistance, after the first hour he simply gave up, and contented himself with watching the movie. This if course was the usual tedium, advance and be repelled. Mark was soon pulling into his driveway, trying to push the vision of his girlfriend from his mind; perhaps it was time the he simply moved on. 

Walking into the house he began to wonder about finding someone else, someone that will put out. Of course he was being selfish and shallow, but he was also a teenager filled with hormones and he just wanted to fuck someone. With no one to talk to, his friends and brother asleep decided that a while in the hot tub would help ease his troubles. Pulling of his clothes as he made his way upstairs and into his room, he took a moment to admire himself in the mirror, he had taken great care to eat properly and exercise and the fruits of that labor were clearly visible. He was tall with shaggy brown hair and hazel eyes, his strong chin and broad chest of awarded him stares from a number of his female schoolmates.

Mark lived in an upper class suburban neighborhood, the average house costing close to half a million. So it could easily be said that Mark had lived a live of leisure, no doubt this was responsible for his sometimes arrogant demeanor, but he was still rather charming and funny. Much to his own surprise, and no doubt to his friends, despite his money and good looks he was still a virgin, Kristen was in fact his first and only girlfriend. Until tonight he had never even thought about leaving her, or cheating on her, it could be that he even loved her but he was not sure. Trying to push such thoughts out of his mind, he slowly eased himself into the hot water, instantly he began to feel his muscles relax and his strain melt away.

For the next half hour he drifted in and out of sleep, until his attention was drawn to the house next-door. Much like his own, it was an impressive structure, three stories high and for lack of a better word, huge. The Clarks, to whom the house belonged, were well acquainted with his own parents, being of course that they were near the same age. Also they had a daughter, Claire, in her first year of college if his memory serves, he had never bothered to talk to her instead he simply would ogle after her. He watched as a number of lights were turned on inside, with no other children or family in the area, it could only be Claire. She was a magnificent specimen, her breasts were average in size but did not droop in the least, and her long red hair and perfect ass were his favorite features. For years he had fantasized about fucking her, and ripping off her clothes and sticking his dick in her ass. But the strange thing was, she was not supposed to be home, she should have been at school. Her parents had gone on vacation, and he knew for a fact that they would never have trusted her to have the house to herself. A number of years ago they had left her home, and she had of course used the opportunity to throw a party. Unfortunately it had gotten out of hand, and her parents found out.

His curiosity getting the best of him, he gets out of the tub and grabs a towel, deciding to do a bit of investigation. Wrapping the towel around his wait, he walked toward a lighted window; casually peering inside, the possibility of getting a view of her naked had of course crossed his mind. But even in his wildest dreams would he have imagined to find her masturbating, but in fact, there she was. Dressed in bra and panties, his fingers rubbing the black silk covering her slit. The vision of her nude body causes his jaw to drop and his dick to harden, and of course another feature was added to his favorites. A cruel trick of fate is that red heads are often very light skinned, but Claire was more tan and beautiful. He watched in stunned silence as she pushed the material to the side and dipped a finger into her cunt, this was the sexiest thing he had ever seen and he had to capitalize on the situation.

Perhaps he was simply in a state of shock, but he knew what he wanted to do and would not let fear hold him back. Walked to the sliding door and quietly let himself in, Claire seemed too busy to notice, so he began to approach. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

The sound of his voice brought her out of her reverie, her heart racing as she lurched to her feet, “What are you doing here?”

“I could ask you the same except I think I have a pretty good Idea.”

“I know you, you’re the kid next door.” Surprising she seemed relieved to have identified him, and equally shocking was the way she looked at his exposed body.

“Its Mark, and you look like a slut.” He spoke so coldly, his statement finally causing her to realize her own condition. A blush spreading across her face as she reached for a blanket to cover herself, draping it over her body trying to hide herself from his gaze. “Don’t do that, I want to see your body, you have a very sexy body. I thought sluts like to be looked at, to know they make men’s dicks hard.”

Claire knew she should be offended, but it was turning her on, she was getting excited as he talked to her like this. He spoke so confidently, she felt small as he came closer and closer to her. Suddenly his hand reached out and tore the blanket from her body.

“God, look how wet you are, you want me to fuck you.”

She could not find the words; she simply stood there stupidly like a deer caught in headlights. But she could not deny the effect he was having on her, her nipples were hard and pressing against her bra, and her cunt was leaking down her thigh. Mark seemed to sense her excitement, he moved in and kissed her, his tongue parting her lips and slipping into her mouth. Instinctively Claire found herself reacting, her arms wrapping around him, her fingers tracing out the muscles of his back. Just as she became lost in the passionate kiss, he pushed her back.

“Get on your knees and suck my dick.”

Without thinking she complied, she grabbed his crotch and pulled down his suit. Mark’s cock almost smacking her in the face as it sprang free, curling her fingers around the base she began to kiss the tip and the shaft. Groaning as his dick disappeared into the girl’s mouth, his fingers raked through his hair, wallowing in the feel of her expert mouth. Obviously this was not the first time she had had a cock in her mouth, not once did her teeth scrape the sensitive skin, but her tongue seemed to slide over every inch of his shaft. With her manipulation and the sheer excitement of the situation, Mark knew that he could not hold out much longer. Wishing to test the limits to which he could dominate Claire, he pulled his dick from her mouth and began to jerk off.

“Would you like my cum on your face? Do you want to be my whore?”

Everything she had ever been told said that she should be upset, that she should be angry, but she had never been so turned on in her life, “Yes! I am a slut, I am your slut.”

“God!” he screamed as he shot his load all over her face and tits, load after load splashed over her skin, the night with Kristen having stored up a good deal of semen. Finally his dick began to soften; meanwhile Claire was left drench in his cum, dripping from her hair and chin. The white cream sliding down her stomach and even falling onto the floor, Mark had never seen anything so erotic.

“Oh my God that was so incredible.” A broad smile stretched across her face as she looked up at Mark, he had almost made her orgasm from sucking his dick. She could not believe the effect his words had on her, she was no prude but she never imagined that this was the type of girl she was. It was scary to think that she actually liked to be dominated, that she craved to be abused. Her finger began to collect the gobs of semen, periodically licking her finger clean.

“Turn around and get on your hands and knees, I will make a slut out of you. Isn’t that what you want? To be my bitch, my fuck-toy?”

“Yes, so long as you fuck me, I need your cock in my pussy.”

Claire smiled before turning around, raising her ass as she waits for what is to come next. Mark was left stunned, her ass was tight and round, he had imagined it so many times but now it was presented before him. He did not care about anything except fucking her, no thought for Kristen or even Claire herself, he just wanted to sink his dick in her hot cunt.

Kneeling behind her, his fingers slipping inside the band of her panties, slowly pulling them down her ass and thighs. The smell of her sex filling his nostrils, he could not help but lean in for a lick. A shudder ripped through her as his tongue made contact with the out lips. Her reaction only fueled his lust, his tongue flicked over her lips and his hand moved up to rub her clit.

“Oh God, oh God, that is so good.”

Having enough with that he stood up, taking his cock in hand and pointing it at her tight pink hole. Deciding it might be fun to tease her a little, he begins to rub the tip up and down her slit. The poor girl only whimpers, trying desperately to push her hips back against him.

“Please don’t tease me, I need you so bad.”

“Tell me what you want.”

“Oh God, I want your dick in me, I want you to fuck me hard and cum in my pussy.”

Grabbing her hips forcefully, he pushing his dick into her snatch, inch by inch sinking deeper and deeper into her. A mutual groan escaping the pair as he drives his dick into her cunt, slowly his hips begin to move, stretching the walls of her cunt. “God, you are so tight, it feels like you’re squeezing my dick.”

Mark began to lose himself as he fucker her, almost pulling out before shoving the length of his cock back into her pussy. He watched as her muscles tensed, her arms trying to hold herself up as he fucked her harder and harder. Both Mark and Claire seemed to lose all sense of themselves, while in the throws of lust they sensed only the pleasure of their coupling.

“Oh God I’m going to cum!” Unable to hold it back any longer, Mark exploded inside of Claire’s womb, filling her with his sperm. His orgasm triggered her own, her body trembled as the waves of pleasure shot through her. It seemed like eternity, both were in a haze of bliss before slowing coming to Earth. As her climax subsided, Claire found herself unable to support herself and collapsed onto the ground, and Mark went down with her.

“Mark that was the most amazing sex I have ever had.”

“Really, that was my first time.”

“You’re joking?” Claire tries to roll over but is unable, Mark still pins her to the floor. “Do you mind?” Slowly he pushes himself onto his elbows, giving her just enough room to roll over.

“You are so beautiful.”

Laughing softly, Claire runs her fingers through his hair, relishing in the feeling of his warm body pressed against her own. “Your beautiful little fuck toy?”

“Yep.”

“I’ll tell you what, tomorrow you are going to call me and ask me out on a date.” Her fingers grip a handful of his hair, and tugging it playfully, “You’re cute, so you can take me out and show me a good time and treat me respectfully, but when we get in bed I would be more then happy to be your whore.”

A look of disbelief past over Mark’s face, the true nature of what he had just done finally dawning on him, he had just cheated on Kristen. Not only that, but now Claire wanted to date him, and it must be said that he did find the possibility promising. “So you want to date a younger man?”

“Younger? I’m eighteen, and I think you are too. I just happen to be a year ahead of you.”

To be continued….

There will be more added to this Chapter, I am submitting it now only to receive feedback.