  Chapter 21 – New Partner

I was on my way to work the next morning when my cell phone rang. It seemed like the old routine was back. I had no doubt who was on the other end of the line.

"Good morning," I answered.

"It certainly is," Penny replied back.

"How are you," I asked in quite a surprised tone.

"Great," she replied. "I have now been giving calling privileges within the game."

"Wow, that's a switch," I commented. "This game keeps changing."

"It certainly does," she agreed. "We have a new task for you."

"Ok, seems like things are certainly back to normal," I responded.

"Emma needs you to close a deal for her," Penny revealed to me.

"What kind of deal," I asked. "Or am I not allowed to know."

"Emma did not put any information restrictions on me," Penny confessed. I thought this might be a benefit to both of us. "Emma is about to take on a new partner, Sienna Deville. She is a great lawyer with a lot of money and a lot of clients. Emma wants this deal done."

"What can I do to close this deal," I wondered aloud, half knowing already.

"Well, Emma has expressed to Sienna that there are certainly perks to this deal for her," Penny stated. "Sienna does not know about the entire game yet, so do not divulge any information other than that you follow Emma's instructions. Give Sienna a taste, one taste."

"I understand," I confirmed for Penny. "Where and when?"

"Tonight at 8pm," Penny instructed. "She's staying at the 4 Seasons downtown. Play it cool."

"Will do," I answered, half expecting Penny to hang up abruptly as Emma always did.

"Good luck," she said. "I miss you."

I was completely caught off guard by this last remark. My silence was a giveaway and Penny promptly hung up. I felt terrible. That was a nice thing she said and it made me feel good for a moment. I would definitely make that up to her, but today's focus was on closing this deal. I had to be great tonight, one time. What a ridiculous game.

I pushed through the day, catching up on things I missed being out of the office the previous day. The time seemed to fly by because before I knew it the clock struck 7pm. I quickly packed up stuff and headed downtown. I found the 4 Seasons with no problems and parked, arriving about 15 minutes early. I entered the lobby and spoke with the young lady behind the front desk.

"Hello, I was hoping you could connect me with Ms. Sienna Deville's room," I said to the young lady as I stepped towards the desk.

"There's no need sir," she replied. "Ms. Deville is expecting you. Room 710."

"Thank you," I said as I headed for the elevator.

I rode up to the 7th floor and made my way to room 710. The door was slightly ajar when I arrived. I took it upon myself to enter without knocking. The room was enormous. There was a couch in front of the TV, a desk with a chair and a small table setup with two chairs. The bedroom was back to the right. This was impressive. Penny said this woman had money but damn, this had style.

"Hello," I called out.

"I'll be out in a minute," a voice called from the bathroom. "Make yourself at home."

I took a seat on the couch and waited. Several moments later I heard the bathroom door opened and I stood up and turned to see a gorgeous creature emerge from the lavatory. She had a tan complexion with curly reddish/auburn hair that flowed down past her shoulders. She was quite fit and looked to be in her late 20's, no more than 30. She was wearing a bright pink satin robe that was tied at the waste. Her feet were bare except for the black nylon of the stockings she had on, I wondered how far up they went. She was on fire in her own skin.

"You must be Emma's messenger," she said, interrupting me looking her up and down.

"Yes," I confirmed. "And you must be Ms. Deville."

"You can call me Sienna," she advised. "Please, sit."

We sat at the table, facing each other. Her back was towards the door of the room, while mine was towards the window. She smelled great, I was unsure of what the scent was but I was sure I liked it.

"So, you are going to be Emma's business partner," I questioned.

"The deal is almost closed," Sienna admitted. "Emma wants to eliminate the almost part of that statement," I informed her.

"And that's where you come in," she asked playfully.

"Possibly," I toyed with her.

"What if I said you could close this deal right now," she hypothesized.

"It would depend on what you had in mind," I declared.

"Why is that," she inquired.

"Well, I don't work for the company," I admitted. "I am just Emma's 'messenger' as you called me."

"Do you want to deliver her the message that you didn't close the deal," Sienna postured.

"If I have to," I said flatly.

"Sounds like you don't know how this works," she suggested.

"It seems like this is a waste of time to me," I announced as I stood to leave, pushing her patience. I walked past her towards the door.

"You think this is a waste of time," she retorted as I heard her rise from the table. She stood up and turned towards me, then removed her robe and placed her hands on her curvy hips. 

Underneath she was wearing a black corset that gripped her tight body and pushed her large breasts, which were at least a D cup, into plain view. The corset was cut below her belly button and had garters connecting to the tops of her thigh high stockings. She was not wearing any panties and the thin strip of pubic hair on her mound looked like a runway to her pussy. Seeing this I stopped dead in my tracks as my cock twitched in my pants.

I thought about making a smart-ass comeback, but instead I made a decision. Tonight was my night to be aggressive and take charge. While still operating under Emma's rules, I could take what I wanted, how I wanted and enjoy it without remorse. The switch was flipped inside me and I was going to revel in my new found bravado.

I walked over to her and stood in front of her. She looked me dead in the eyes, awaiting a response to what she had said. I put one arm around her waist and pull her to me, then I raised my other arm behind her head and grabbed a handful of her curly auburn hair. I pulled her head to the side and kissed her deep on the mouth. Our lips locks and tongues intertwined for what seemed like an eternity.

After a while, I pulled back from our lip lock and scooped Sienna up into my arms. I carried her into the bedroom and laid her on the bed. I stood at the edge of the bed and removed my shirt. I then knelt in front of the bed and pulled her feet to me. I kissed them through the nylon. I kissed up her calves and over her knees. As I reached the lower part of her thighs, she spread her legs for me. I continued making my way north, kissing the flesh of her thigh above where her stockings ended and finally licking in small circles until I reached her vagina.

Her pussy smelled delicious and I dove right in. I began lapping at her hole, running my tongue over her opening up and down repeatedly. Her juices tasted wonderful. I licked her lips and nibbled on them. I pushed my tongue inside her over and over. I then licked her lips again and pressed my tongue down onto her clit, pressing it into her own flesh. I nibbled and bit her clit and then sucked it fully into my mouth.

As I was devouring her twat, Sienna was moaning and writhing on the bed. She seemed to be enjoying it, but I really didn't care because I was enjoying it. I continued lapping at her hole and inserting my tongue inside her. I loved eating her tasty pussy. I could feel gallons of precum leaking in my boxers while I licked her. She started to twitch harder and grabbed my hair, forcing my face deeper into her box.

I licked and sucked forcefully at her cunt. Insert my tongue then running it up and down her lips then lapping at her clit. I felt her spasm and then her pussy was filled with juices. If she had an orgasm, it was a very quiet one, so I decided it was time to really ravage her.

I stood up and removed my pants and boxers. My rock hard pole stood straight out in front of me. I grabbed her legs and pulled her to the edge of the bed. I jammed my rod into her slit as I put her legs over my shoulders. With my hands on her thighs I pulled her to me repeatedly as I fucked her. She moaned with delight as I picked up my pace, pulled her to me time and again as my cock filled her juicy hole. I was hammering my dick into her box as she started to scream in pleasure. I continued as if I were trying to injure her.

After several loud screams from her, I stopped. She was lying there, breathing heavy when she looked up at me. I did not say a word; I just removed my cock from inside her and stepped back. I grabbed her ankles and rolled her over. Instinctively she rose to all fours and presented herself to me. 

I wasted no time stepping in behind her and reinserting my rod into her waiting pussy. I grabbed her hips and began to rock in and out of her from behind. I went faster as my balls began crashing into her clit. She was moaning again and I intensified my thrusts. My balls tightened quickly and I knew I was not going to last long. I gave her three or four insanely forceful thrusts before pulling my cock out and blowing a massive load of cum all over her back.

I was quite satisfied with my work as I watch multiple streams of white jizz land on the back of her sexy black corset. She collapsed on the bed in front of me. I reached down and pulled on my boxers and pants, then collected my shirt and finished dressing. When she finally looked up from the bed I was ready to leave.

"Going so soon," she asked playfully.

"I have my orders," I informed her.

"When it comes to Emma, yes I do," I admitted. "In the near future I am sure you will understand how it works."

"Would you still follow orders," she pressed, "even if I said put it in my ass?"

"Yes, I would," I responded without hesitation. "Those are the rules I play by."

With that I turned and left the room. I was in the car, halfway home when my cell rang.

"Hello," I answered simply.

"Good job," Emma complimented on the other end of the line.

"Glad to be of service," I replied humbly.

"The deal is done, so I am sure you were good tonight," she revealed.

"That's how the game is played," I quipped.

"You are learning, stud," she recognized. "Rest up; I have another job for you on Saturday. Be at my house at 10am."

Her last statement was followed by the usual click of her hanging up.

Looks like I would be working for the weekend.