 Chapter 24 -- Power Play

After last night's reward for Penny, I was very pleased with the direction the game was now going. My natural assumption was that my next "assignment" would probably be for Emma, since it was while since she indulged herself. She was due, but there was no telling when that would occur or even if my assumption was correct.

5pm finally arrived and as I was packing up from work, ready to head home and relax, my cell phone rang.

"Hello," I answered, without checking the caller id.

"It's Penny," she whispered.

"Why are you whispering," I asked.

"The shit has really hit the fan here today," she informed me. "You need to be here ASAP for a mandatory meeting."

"Ok, I am on my way," I confirmed. "Stay calm. Whatever it is, we will figure it out."

I left my office and headed directly there, driving quickly. I barely had my car in parking when I hit the lot and I was off and running into the office. When I entered the office I saw Penny's desk was empty and that Penny, Emma, Vivian and Sienna were all sitting at the table in the large conference room behind it. I proceeded directly there without hesitation.

"Have a seat," Sienna said as I entered.

Emma was sitting at the far end of the table, with Sienna on her left. Penny and Vivian were both on her right. I took a seat at the near end of the table. Sienna then stood and addressed us all.

"Now that we are all here, I have an announcement," Sienna began. "The game you all have been playing, is changing. As of right now, I am taking charge of the game. You will take all orders and get your rules from me."

I was stunned to hear this. I looked at Penny who seemed to be in complete shock as well. Vivian seemed to be handling this news rather calmly, which made me nervous. I worked to compose myself before saying anything. Emma had her head down and was not looking at any of us.

"Why the change," I asked calmly, trying to understand what was actually happening.

"Because you were not playing nice," Sienna responded. "So I think you need a new leader."

"I wasn't asking you," I retorted sharply and looking directly at Emma.

"You had better watch how you talk to me boy," Sienna snapped at me, with that same crazy look in her eyes from the previous evening.

"This is the way it has to be right now," Emma interrupted softly. She raised her head to speak and she appeared as though she were on the verge of tears. "Times have changed and the game must change with them."

"What if that's not a good enough reason," I pressed her.

"Oh, I think it will be," Sienna interjected.

"What if I decide it's not and I don't want to play your game," I countered.

"That is your choice," she stated. "But if you don't play you will compromise all three women in this room severely."

I was not 100% sure what that meant, but it did not seem to be anything good for the three women I was now starting to care about in a different way. My sense of protection for these ladies had started to kick into high gear. It seemed that Sienna was using something against Emma to forcer her to turn the game on its' side. I was nauseous about the whole thing.

"Emma, say this isn't happening," Penny begged, her eyes now tearing up.

"It has to be this way," Emma responded in almost a whisper, near tears herself. "You all have played a great game for me and I thank you for that. A new direction might help you all enjoy things more."

"You don't believe that for a second," I shot back at her directly.

I was now getting very angry, trying to find the right thing to say next. I looked at Vivian, who sat stoic and poised. I was unsure how to read this, but then it hit me. Vivian had typically been the emotional one, who reacted to everything with her heart strings. Yet now, in a time of complete confusion, she was somber and maintained. I wondered, did she know what exactly was going on? It was time to take a gamble.

"You only have control of this game if we continue to play," I repeated to Sienna. "So if you want me to play your game by your rules, then I need one concession from you."

"What's concession would that be," Sienna asked.

"I need 10 minutes alone with Emma," I announced. "Give me that and I'll play your game. That way everyone wins."

"I will give you 10 minutes," she agreed. "But not with Emma. I will give you 10 minutes with Vivian. Take it or leave it."

My gamble had paid off. I knew that she would never agree to 10 minutes alone with Emma and she certainly was not going to substitute Penny based on her anger last night, but Vivian's poise told me she knew something. I felt this was the move I needed to make to gain some knowledge and possibly help reset things to the way they should be. Sienna played it just the way I wanted her too. I felt for a moment as if I were running my own game.

"Deal," I announced. "After my 10 minutes with Vivian, your game begins."

"No, my game begins now," she responded. "During those 10 minutes, there is to be no physical contact or you both will pay dearly. Have fun."

Sienna glared at me with a smirk that enraged me.

"Shouldn't we tell Nikki about the change in the game," Penny asked, now visibly crying.

"There's no need," Sienna declared. "Once these 10 minutes are up, you, Vivian and Nikki are all out of the game. And he is all mine. Besides, you need to concentrate on your work around here. It's been pisspoor."

Penny looked like she wanted to scream. I felt for her but could do nothing about it at this point. I needed to concentrate on getting information and deciding how to proceed here.

I stood up and grabbed Vivian by the hand. I led her to Emma's office and shut the door behind us. As soon as the door was closed she threw her arms around me. I embraced her for a quick second before pushing her back gently and staring at her.

"Viv, tell me what's really going on," I said.

"Emma knew you would see I was too controlled," she announced. "She knew it."

Emma had made a play without saying a word. She really was brilliant.

"Ok, but what is going on," I asked again. "Why is Emma accepting this nonsense?"

"Ok, Emma told me not to tell you this stuff, but I will. I think you deserve to know. Sienna found out that Emma didn't leave their last firm, she was fired," Vivian revealed.

"Why was she fired," I asked simply, still somewhat surprised by this revelation.

"They had a security tape of you and her fucking in her old office," Vivian disclosed. "She had a lot of friends in high places there, so they gave her a nice buy out package but she had to leave. She used the money from the buyout to start her own firm. She thought it was the best way to take care of us."

"Ok, I follow so far," I acknowledged. "She was angry about the firing that's why she made us pay penalties. She sort of blamed me."

"That's pretty much accurate. That is also why she has started to repent," Vivian continued. "She felt horrible after making us pay those penalties. But you should also know this, the day she was let go was the same day she walked in on us at her house."

"That explains a lot," I stated obviously. "So what difference does it make that Sienna knows about all this? It seems like it would be done and we should be moving on with the game."

"Well, that is where it gets tricky," Vivian persisted. "Sienna charmed Emma into going partners with her in opening this firm. She had some major money to invest, which allowed Emma to do nice things for her family and friends, rather than spend her entire buyout opening this place. They knew each other from the old firm and Emma thought it was a tremendous show of loyalty for Sienna to reach out to her like that. She was truly moved by the gesture and reveled at the idea of a partnership. That is why you were sent to close the deal. But, once the papers were signed, she told Emma that she had the tape of your encounter from the old firm. She was such a bitch about it too. You and Penny really pissed her off last night and she is now leveraging that tape to its' fullest."

"Leveraging it how," I wondered aloud.

"She said she would send it to the State Bar Association as well as play it at Eric and Lola's schools for starters," Vivian resumed. "When she brought up the kids, Emma folded. My sister likes this game, but she loves her kids more than anything. No matter what kind of person anyone thinks she is, she is a great mother."

"I understand." I reassured her as she was now near tears herself defending her sister. "So where does that leave us now?"

"Sienna's bottom line is this," Vivian exposed, "you are hers to toy with as she pleases. Nikki, Penny and I are out of the game, but Emma and Penny get to keep their jobs and I get to keep my car."

"And Nikki gets nothing," I added.

"Right," she established. "That was the deal Emma made so Penny could keep her job. Sienna hates Penny, with some real venom. I feel like we are beat. The game as we knew it is over."

"This sucks," I announced. "I have to do something. I can't play for her."

"If you don't play," Vivian explained, "She will make Emma flip your divorce proceedings and bury you."

"Fuck me," I exclaimed. "It sounds like she has all her based covered."

"You have to play," Vivian pleaded with me. "I can't bear to see you get hurt."

"Oh, I think I will play," I said smartly. "Viv, you said Emma has friends in high places at the old firm. Tell her to make some calls and ask how Sienna could have gotten the tape and then have her call me. Sienna had to have missed something we can use to right this ship."

My instinct told me something wasn't right with this scenario. How did she get that tape? Once she had it, why would she leave the company to work with Emma without any knowledge of the game? Why would she use her own money to invest in the partnership only to back Emma into a corner?

"Don't screw with her," Vivian begged. "She's heartless."

"Now is the time to trust me," I assured her. "I don't know what we are looking for, but Emma will know it when she finds it. It may sound like a needle in a haystack, but we owe it to Emma to try something to help."

"Your 10 minutes are up," Sienna yelled from outside the door. "Get out here now."

I exited Emma's office and Sienna was waiting for me. She did not say a word, she just pointed to her office. I walked across the open area and headed for her office on the other side, winking at Penny as I passed her. Penny just stared at me with tears filling her eyes.

I entered Sienna's office and sat down. She entered behind me and closed the door.

"So you have a tape," I stated.

"Yes I do," she confirmed. "But, if you do what you are told, no one will ever see it."

"This is a big power play," I warned her. "Be careful."

"Shut up," she said. "I will do the talking now. You didn't want to give me a turn last night, so now you will do what I say. It is you who need to be careful boy."

I simply smiled.

"You are pretty smug," she discovered. "I will fix that. I promise you."

I said nothing.

"Here are the new rules, boy," she fired at me. "You will not touch any other women any longer. You will not communicate with in any way Penny, Vivian, Nikki or Emma any longer. You will do what I want when I want and how I want. Got it. I am the boss now."

I smirked. She was so enraged by this that she slapped me dead across the face. The sound was sharp and the sting set into my cheek immediately. I snapped my head back to look her in the eye again and smirked.

The second smirk sent her over the edge. She balled her fist and punched me straight in the face. The force of the blow sent me backwards, spilling out of the chair I was sitting in. I could feel the blood trickling from my nose. I could not believe she had just hit me.

"I will teach you to fuck with me boy," Sienna growled as she stepped over me.

She reached down angrily and undid my belt and zipper. She yanked my pants down roughly and started stroking my cock. It soon became half hard in her hand and she stood above me again. She raised her skirt and pushed her panties to the side as she straddled me.

She promptly lowered herself onto me and guided my cock inside her. I was in pain and shock and disbelief. She quickly pumped herself up and down on my pole as I lay there. My cock got harder inside of her wetness. She wasted no time in picking up her pace to a point of fury. She was grunting and growling as she rode me. I was lifeless aside from my stone rod inside her.

I could feel my cock starting to swell though I did not want to give her the satisfaction of releasing my load. She pumped herself up and down faster and faster. Then she stopped suddenly. She stood and allowed my dick to fall out of her. She then replaced her panties and skirt and moved back behind her desk.

"Get up and get the fuck out," she yelled.

I staggered to my feet and buckled my pants and belt. I turned to leave and heard her speak.

"Don't test me boy," she growled.

I stumbled out of her office into the front of the suite, but found no one. There was no sign of anyone else being left in the suite. I walked slowly to the parking lot and climbed in my car. I pulled out of the lot and headed home. When I reached my house, I was relieved. I needed a rest.

I entered the house and found one message on my machine. It was from Vivian.

"I love you."

That was the last thing I heard before I crashed on my bed and passed out.