  Chapter 22 – Car Shopping

The week passed quickly as things started to shake out with the divorce. Several notarized documents had to be signed and things had to be agreed upon. Between that and work I almost forgot that Emma had a job for me to do Saturday morning.

I woke up and showered quickly. I dressed in a flash and headed out the door to Emma's place. I drove like a maniac to get there on time, but it was not to be. I preformed my usual routine of parking around the corner and walking to Emma's house.

I approached the front door and noticed it was slightly ajar, but there was no note to be found. I pushed the door open and heard voices coming from the kitchen and then a loud cry of what sounded like delight. I was unsure weather to proceed or not. I clearly heard Emma's voice in the kitchen so I decided to see what was going on in there.

I entered the kitchen and saw Vivian with her arms wrapped around Emma. She was excited and saying thank you repeatedly. Emma calmed her down.

"I also have another surprise for you," Emma said to Vivian. "I have someone that is going to take you shopping for it today."

"Really, who," Vivian asked quickly.

Emma did not say anything, she just pointed to me.

Vivian turned around to see me standing there. The extreme delight on her face increased beyond words. Vivian ran to me and jumped into my arms, throwing her arms around my neck and burying her face into my chest.

"I cannot believe this," Vivian kept saying, now near tears of what I assumed were joy.

"Ok, Ok," Emma said authoritatively. "Of course there are rules we have to discuss."

Hearing that, I set Vivian down onto her feet and we both took seats at the kitchen counter, sure that Emma was about to enlighten us as to what the rules were, though I was still unsure what we would be doing anyway.

"Since you were late, stud, I will recap," Emma declared. "I have decided that after she accepted her penalty and handled so well, I am buying Vivian a car. Anything she wants within reason. You are going to take her shopping today to get it."

"That is very generous of you," I complimented.

"I know," she said flatly. "Now, here's how it will work. Vivian will choose two cars that she wants to have. You will test drive both of them with Vivian as your passenger. On each test drive you will find a spot to park and you will fuck Vivian. Which ever car she had the better orgasm in, is the one she will get."

"That sounds like the right way to shop," I admitted.

"Let's get going," Vivian said as she stood from her seat at the counter.

"Not so fast," Emma stopped her. "There are two more rules."

"Okay, what are they," Vivian inquired hesitantly.

"You must buy the car from a woman salesperson," Emma designed. "Any you must wear what I choose for you to go shopping in."

"I knew there was a catch," Vivian exclaimed. "Fine, let's go get me dressed then."

Emma smiled and led her sister upstairs. They were gone for about 15 minutes, preparing Vivian for our day of shopping. I was hard in my pants, thinking about how much fun this could be. Plus, no matter what, this was a great way to make up to Vivian for the torture she put her through earlier in the week.

I sat there at the kitchen counter until they both returned. Emma led the way and Vivian followed her into the kitchen, her shoes clacking against the wood floor. Finally she stepped out from behind Emma and she looked amazing. My member, already alive in my pants, was now throbbing at the sight of Vivian.

Vivian was wearing a pink halter top under which there appeared to be no bra. She had on a pink flared skirt that was extremely short and her legs were bare. She had thin white socks on with a lace circle just above the ankle and pink high heel pumps. She looked white hot. I was ready to go shopping.

"Take my car," Emma instructed as she threw me the keys.

Vivian wasted no time taking me by the hand and leading out of the house. We climbed into Emma's car, a metallic blue BMW sedan, and we were off. As we headed for the area downtown where the dealerships were, Vivian was thinking about what she wanted to test drive. I kept sneaking glances over at her since she looked so unbelievably hot. Finally, Vivian made a decision on where we were going.

"I want a Lexus," Vivian announced.

"Ok, great choice," I concurred.

"I'm a young, hot, single woman in the prime of her life," Vivian declared. "So, I either want a convertible or a truck."

"Two very different cars," I warned her.

"Ok, so let's test drive them," she persisted.

"Whatever you want, hot stuff," I conceded.

We pulled into the Lexus dealer ship and parked up front. I got out of the car and made way around to let Vivian out. I opened the door and took her hand, helping her emerge from the vehicle and balance herself on her heels. She was looking around at the vehicles on the lot.

"Can I help you find anything," a young salesman asked as he approached us.

He sauntered past Vivian and extended his hand to me.

"I'm Charlie," the young man said. "What are you in the market for?"

"Charlie," Vivian addressed him, "you can help me by getting me a woman to sell me the car I am going to buy today."

Charlie gazed at me and I simply nodded. With egg on his face he retreated into the showroom. We could see him through the glass speaking to a lady in a business suit. Several moments later, the same lady came out of the showroom and made a beeline for Vivian.

"Hi, I'm Clare," she announced, shaking Vivian's hand. "I understand you are looking for a vehicle today."

"Yes, Clare," Vivian confirmed. "I am going to get a car today. Either a convertible or an SUV. It's just a matter of which."

"Ok, well, which would you like to test drive first," Clare questioned.

"Let's start with the convertible," Vivian decided.

"Great, I'll just need a copy of your license for the test drive and I will have one brought around."

"You can take a copy of his license," Vivian directed her. "He'll be doing the driving."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Clare excused herself. "I thought the car was to be yours."

"It is," Vivian reaffirmed.

I was content to let Vivian do all the talking. I handed Clare my driver's license and she made her way back into the showroom, with quite a confused look on her face. Clare reappeared after several moments and handed me back my license. As she did, one of their sporty convertible SC models pulled up to where we are standing. The young man behind the wheel stepped out of the car and headed into the showroom.

"Ok, when you get back let me know and I will have one of our SUV's brought up for you," Clare stated.

Vivian nodded and I opened the passenger door of the sporty little car for her. She climbed inside and I shut the door. I made my way around to the driver's side and climbed behind the wheel. I took off out of the dealership and down the road. I was pushing the car a little, to see what it had.

"I like this," Vivian established. "Find a place to park."

We had the top down and we were flying down the road. I looked over and Vivian had flipped up her skirt in the front and was rubbing her clit through the satin pink panties she had on. I could feel my cock throb in my pants seeing this. I quickly pulled into an office building that was on my right. I pulled the car behind the building, to the far side, so we were out of sight from the road and camouflaged by the building to any car that entered the parking lot.

Vivian did not even wait for me to get the car into park before she reached over and undid my belt. I assisted her by undo the button and zipper on my pants and she pulled them down past my knees. I used the controls to move the driver's seat all the back and then Vivian climbed onto me, sitting on my lap.

I reached under her skirt and pulled her panties to the side so I could rub her slit with my fingers. Her pussy was soaked. I lined-up my rock hard pole with her opening as she reached down and reclined the seat entirely. I was now lying on my back in the seat and Vivian guided my dick inside her. She felt like heaven.

Once I was inside her, she leaned back so she was lying on top of me and she put her heels up on the dashboard so she could rock back and forth on my shaft. She pushed herself up and down, much to my delight. After several times she moaned lightly and she started going faster, using her legs to generate all the power to move her pussy up and down my pole.

My member swelled inside her. I wanted this to go on forever. Vivian began grunting and moaning very loudly. She continued pumping her body on mine and building her orgasm. Quickly she started to buck harder and push herself faster. She reached down with both hands and dug her finger nails into my thighs as she started to shutter on top of me. Her body spasmed as she continued to ride my cock.

"Cum inside me," Vivian pleaded with me. "Please baby, give it to me."

Hearing that sent me over the edge and my goo spewed like a fire hose inside her hole. I shot stream after stream of batter into her box. It felt so amazing that I didn't want it to stop. It did stop after six or seven think shots. We both lay still, breathing heavy.

"You're amazing," I said, complimenting her performance.

"I love fucking you," she replied.

"I hope we get to do it more often," I encouraged her.

"We will, Emma has agreed," she revealed.

"Emma agreed," I repeated. "Wow, how did you get her to agree to that?"

"I had to promise not to say 'I love you,'" she confessed.

"Is that something you want to say to me," I inquired as I lifted her off of me and helped her negotiate back into the passenger seat.

"Emma thinks I always say it too soon," she answered, avoiding my actual question.

"Ok, are you ready to go back and try the SUV," I asked as I finished putting my pants back on.

"Sure, but this is gonna be tough to beat," she endorsed.

I reset the driver's seat and we pulled out from the shadow of the office building. When we made it back to the dealership, Clare was waiting out front for us with an RX series SUV ready to go. We pulled into the lot and I parked the sport convertible.

"What did you think," Clare queried.

"It was great," Vivian reacted. "It will be tough to beat."

Clare gave her a funny look, but I am not sure she truly understood what Vivian meant.

"Well, here is our RX series SUV," Clare announced, handing me the keys.

I let Vivian into the truck and then climbed in myself. We had not even made it off the lot when her hand found its way to my crotch. My member swelled to her touch and I was instantly hard as a rock again.

"Go back to where we were," Vivian insisted.

I did as I was told, driving back to the office building while Vivian undid my pants and began sucking my cock, which was still covered with both of our fluids, while I drove. She bobbed up and down, slobbering all over my rod as we made our way down the road. After only a moment or two, she stopped and climbed into the back seat.

"What are you doing," I questioned.

"Setting up," she replied.

I could not see exactly what she was doing, but I proceeded to our destination quickly. When I put the truck in park at the edge of the office building, I quickly turned to see what Vivian was doing. To my surprise, she had lower the back seat and was lying there waiting for me.

"Come get me," she giggled.

I quickly climbed into the back area, which was a little tricky to maneuver through. I finally made my way to lie on top of Vivian. She looked me in the eyes and reached down to find my cock with her hands. When she located it, she quickly positioned it at her opening.

"Fuck me right now," she begged.

She put me inside her and I gasped. I started thrusting myself down upon her. I was using a lot of hip motion in the small area to ensure her pussy was getting a proper workout. I pumped and thrust my hips so that my dick filled her consistently. She started trembling as I continued.

I felt her convulse and she grunted and moaned as I pushed in and out of her. My cock was tense and swollen and I wouldn't last long.

"Cum with me," she pleaded. "Fill me while I climax"

I started to ejaculate inside her violently. My cock shot monsters streams of goo into her hole. Once she felt my cock explode she jolted and moaned. Her orgasm was short and intense. I looked down at her in ecstasy.

"I guess it's the convertible," I joked.

"It always was," she disclosed. "I think we should go tell Clare."

I took the hint and climbed back into the driver's seat. I reset my clothing and then headed back to the dealership while Vivian put the truck back the way we found it. When we arrived back at the dealership, Clare was waiting.

"So, what do you think," she asked Vivian.

"I'll take the convertible," Vivian answered. "I wanted it fully loaded and red. I will pick it up Tuesday."

"Ok, great," Clare exclaimed. "Will you need financing?"

"No," Vivian replied quickly. "I will have a check for you."

I took that as our cue and I opened the passenger door to Emma's car. Vivian climbed in and I shut the door behind her. I got in the driver's seat and pulled the car out of the lot. As we headed back to Emma's the car was silent, but Vivian's smile was ear to ear.

I parked the car in Emma's driveway and exited. By the time I got to the passenger door to let Vivian out, she was already waiting for me. She took the car keys from me and kissed me on the lips softly.

"You don't get to come in," she informed me.

Knowing my role, I turned and walked down the driveway. I headed for my car in the shopping plaza around the corner. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday.