 Things to Do with My Slut: Chapter 01 - The Layover

Let me start by giving you some background. I am a 30-year-old male. I am 5 feet 7 inches tall with brown hair and blue eyes. I weigh 205 pounds and have an average to athletic build. I have been married for more than 5 but less than 10 years to a woman that I love very much. However, I am a person who absolutely believes that love and sex are entirely separate arenas. Based on this notion, my sexlife at home is good but not great, which is why I am writing this. If I can't have great, mind-blowing sex at home, I might as well have it in my mind, and if along the way someone else sees this and thinks what I am into is mind-blowing as well, then I am open to opportunities. What is to follow are 100% fictional (as of the writing of these stories – I am hoping that one day they will become factual accounts with a woman, any woman that would enjoy them as much as I would) accounts of what perfect, mind-blowing sex would be like, in an endless variety of scenarios, with the perfect slut (for the purposes of these stories we will call her Emma). So read on, let me know what you think and by all means enjoy.

*****

I pull into the airport parking structure and find a spot. I shut off the engine and lock up the car. As I walk towards the terminal, I notice a small chill in the early late winter air as Friday afternoon turns to Friday night. I check my watch, 4:25pm. Emma's plane lands in 20 minutes. She has been away on business for 3 days and told her husband that she would not be home until tomorrow, which gives us a few hours together tonight before I am due home. I continue walking. I enter the terminal and find a spot to wait in baggage claim, in full view, where she can't help but notice me.

Having taken a ½ day from the office, I still have on my office attire, business casual white and blue striped shirt, navy pinstripe slacks and black shoes. It was simple enough, but hopefully it was more than enough to drive her wild. The surprise for her was underneath, instead of boxers, on this day I am wearing the black lace cum-soaked thong panties that she gave me the last time we had lunch. My cock is already rock hard under the sexy material. I squirm every so often to adjust.

My mind wanders to where the evening will take us. As I am standing there daydreaming, a flood of people begin coming down the stairs into the baggage claim area. I look up at the board and notice her flight has landed about 10 minutes early, lucky me. I begin scanning the staircase and escalators, searching for any sign of her, desperately wanting to see her.

Then the moment arrives. The moment I have eagerly waited for since the last time I saw her is finally here. I see her coming down the stairs. I look her up and down, studying her gorgeous frame inch by inch. She looks angelic as she walks; it is as if time has slowed. Emma is 5 feet 5 inches tall, with straight blonde hair that passes her shoulders. She has blue eyes and a nice tan tone to her skin. She is thin framed, weighing only 114 pounds, most of which seems swallowed up by her 36C breasts. She is the most seductive 35-year-old woman on the planet.

She is wearing sexy navy blue open-toed spike high heels on her feet. It appears that she is wearing nude colored stockings, a mystery I fully intended to explore to ultimate dimensions shortly. She has on a navy blue business skirt, which hugs her hip and thighs perfectly. On top she is layered in a very sheer white blouse, which in the right light shows plenty of her black lace bra. It is topped with the navy blue blazer that matches her skirt perfectly and is swinging lightly as she walks, as it is unbuttoned. Her neck is adorned with a string of small of white pearls that falls perfectly into the area exposed by the undone top button of her blouse.

With her pocketbook over her right shoulder and her carry-on bag in her left hand, she looked perfect as she continued down the stairs towards me. My heart was racing as she drew closer and closer to me. I was doing everything I could think of to keep from running up to her and kissing her wildly right there. She made her way through the glass partition from the gate into the baggage claim area and headed towards me.

I began walking slowly towards her. We greeted each other with a smile, a short hug and idle chatter.

"How have you been?" I asked.

"I've been fine and u" she replied.

"I could not be better than I am right now, I am glad you are here" I responded.

"Me too" was her simple comeback.

"How many bags did you check" I posed this question as we walked towards the baggage carousel.

"None. I used company shipping to send it directly home. I didn't want to have to wait any longer than absolutely necessary," she declared.

I stood there starring at her in awe. She was the perfect slut. The only woman I had ever met that loved sex as much as I did and was not afraid to say so. We had a deep connection, violent sexual energy and lust, coupled with enjoyment of a few different twists. We loved trying new things together. 

We had only known each other a month and we had only fucked 3 times so far. The first time was time was a long session at a hotel near my home, she met me for a drink at the bar and within 10 minutes were in a suite with my cock buried in her snatch. The second time was at her house. I met her during lunch one day for a quickie and fucked her brains out on her dining room table. The last time was at a restaurant near her office. We met there for lunch but ended up in the men's room for a quickie. She knew what I liked and what I wanted. The best part was, she liked and wanted the exact same things and she was quite forward about it.

While the bustling airport happened around us, we just stared at each other. I could not tell by her look what she was thinking exactly, but I am sure she could sense my bursting desire for her. She had me so mesmerized and worked up that I wanted to pin her down and take her right there, but I restrained and played it cool.

We walked briskly out of the terminal towards the parking structure. As usual she was a step behind due to the heels. As I looked back at her I could see that she was now sticking her tongue out at me. I am almost embarrassed to admit that turned me on as much as is did. Almost. I led and she followed across the two lanes of traffic and towards my vehicle. We walked in silence, as I was unsure what to say. We reached the car and I opened her door on the passenger side and let her in. I then deposited her carry-on into the trunk and made my way to the driver's door. 

I opened the door for myself and as I sat down in the driver's seat, Emma had the passenger sun visor down and was looking into the mirror at herself as she applied a fresh coat of lipstick. She quickly glanced over at me, blew me an exaggeratedly loud kiss with her freshly painted and pouty lips, and then continued what she was doing.

We pulled out of the garage and I notice Emma push the sun visor back up as I paid the attendant. The hotel she was staying at tonight was only one exit from the airport and a car service was delivering her home in the morning. She told me how boring her business trip was as I pulled onto the highway. I listened intently as she continued but did not say a word.

"Are you giving me the silent treatment?" she asked.

"Actually, no" I answered. "I was simply focusing on using some will power for a change."

"What do you mean," she queried.

"I mean, I am trying not to state the very obvious and tell you how hot you are and how much I want you right now" I stated.

"Well, most women like it when they get told how hot they are, including me," she responded.

With that she unbuckled her seatbelt and leaned in close to me. She started kissing my cheek gentle while she rubbed my rock hard cock through my pants with her right hand. She began kissing my ear lobe before sticking her wet tongue in my ear. With her hot breath on my neck she quickly undid my belt and zipper with one hand. She then slipped her hand into my pants and reached for my cock.

As heard hand felt the lace of the panties I was wearing she let out a small gasp. She then whispered the question in my ear, "Are you wearing the panties I gave you?"

"Why, yes" I replied softly, confirming that I was indeed wearing the panties that she was wearing when we last fucked. We were out to lunch about a week ago, both needing to get back to the office but neither wanting to leave. I excused myself to use the men's room when to my fantastic surprise and utter amazement Emma followed me. She locked the men's room door, hopped up on the counter and hiked up her skirt. She was soaked and she did not bother to remove her panties, she just slid them to the side and ordered me to fuck her right there. I happily obliged, ramming her cunt as hard and as fast as I could until I fire a gallon of cum into her sweet hole. Immediately after we both came, she hopped down off the counter and proceeded to the ladies room. I arrived back at the table first and when she returned she stuffed her soaking wet panties into the pocket of my shirt. That move got me so hot I could have fucked her again right there. I decided to surprise her when the time was right, and judging by her reaction, this was a perfect time.

We exited the parkway and pulled up to the light at the corner. She hadn't moved for a moment until she began rubbing my cock through the lace. She then whispered the following into my ear, "I am so soaking wet right now I am going to stain your seat when I sit back down."

She continued rubbing my cock through the lace, getting faster as we got closer to the hotel. We pulled into the hotel parking lot and she removed her hand from my pants. She made it a point to show me her palm that was covered in precum, which she then licked clean. She sat back down in the passenger seat and composed herself. I pulled up in front of the hotel and as she stepped out of the car she stated, "You zip up and I will go check us in."

I parked the car on the side of the building. I quickly zipped up my pants and rebuckled my belt. I gathered myself for a quick second then stepped out of the car, grabbed her carry-on from the trunk and headed into the lobby.

As I entered the lobby I saw Emma at the counter checking-in. She locked eyes with me and motioned that I should go to the elevators and wait. I followed her unspoken instruction without hesitation. I waited at the elevator for only a second before she stepped up behind my and grabbed my cock through my pants.

"Room 311," she stated.

The elevator doors opened and we stepped on. I pressed the 3 button and then turned to look at Emma. I had bad thoughts on my mind but they would have to wait as an older gentleman joined us on the elevator. We stood next to each other in silence as the elevator climbed to the 3rd floor.

When the doors opened, the gentlemen stepped off and headed down the hall. Emma and I stepped off behind him and headed to room 311. Emma unlocked the door and entered with me hot on her heels. I tossed her duffle bag on the chair and made my way over to her. I stepped up behind her, placed my arms around her waist and began kissing her neck.

"How long can you stay," she quickly questioned.

I looked at the clock. 5:50pm.

"I have about 90 minutes," I replied.

"90 minutes, that sounds like just enough time for me to milk 4 good loads out of you," she confidently declared.

Emma was the perfect slut. She always told me how many times she was going to make me cum and during our session she would order me where to cum each time. She was a cum-hungry sexual angel that always got what she wanted. I never disagreed or disobeyed; I loved being told what to do. Most of all, I loved doing it, just as she wanted.

She stepped forward and then turned to face me. She looked me dead in the eyes and removed her jacket. She then knelt down in front of me and undid my belt. She unbuckled my pants and lowered the zipper. As they fell to my ankles she began rapidly licking my cock and balls through the black lace panties I had on.

She looked up at me and said, "We taste good together."

She then pulled the panties to the side and wrapped her hand around my cock. She began stroking it while she lick and sucked my balls gingerly. She stroked harder as she picked up the pace of her lapping my scrotum, until finally she wrapped her sweet lips around my cock.

It felt like heaven as she bobbed up and down on my rock hard rod. She spit and slobbered all over my dick and sucked it like a pro. She then leaned back and looked up at me. The sight of her slobber and my precum in her mouth got me even harder. I was throbbing as she gripped my shaft with her hand.

"You are almost ready to blow," she announced. "I think it's time to put that big thing inside me."

She then walked over to the desk in the room. With her back to me, she lifted her skirt to reveal a black lace garter belt holding up her flesh colored stockings and no panties at all. She then slowly lifted her left leg up onto the desk and leaned forward exposing her soaking wet pussy. She then invited me over saying, "Come and get it."

I stepped out of my pants and moved towards her, my cock throbbing in front of me. As I stood behind her, she looked back over her shoulder at me and asked, "What the fuck are you waiting for?"

With that, I grabbed her around the waist and immediately rammed my rod into her snatch. It went with the greatest of ease, as she was completely soaked. I buried my cock in her repeatedly. Our hips rocked in rhythm as fucked like mad, all the while her high-heeled left foot stayed up on that desk giving me open access to her hole. I felt her shutter as the first wave of her orgasm hit. I kept plowing into her over and over as she started to moan. My cock began to tense and she could tell I was about to cum.

"You're gonna cum in my mouth," she yelped.

She then quickly turned and dropped to her knees in front of me. She grabbed my cock and thrust it into her mouth, which sent me over the edge. I began dumping stream after stream of jizz into her mouth. I grabbed the back of her head and held her there as I exploded time after time. After my final eruption I withdrew my dick from her mouth and she proceeded to let all my cum run out of her mouth and down her chin. She then scooped it all back into her mouth with her fingers and swallowed the whole load. The sight of that made me rock hard again instantly.

"Now that the first one is out of the way," she stated, "I am gonna more comfortable."

She stood up and pulled out the chair from the desk. She patted the seat indicating for me to sit. I did as instructed and sat down. She moved in front of me and lowered her skirt back into place. She unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor, then kicked it aside. She then unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it on the desk. She stood in front of me in just a black lace bra and matching garter belt with nude stockings and those sexy navy blue open-toed spike high heels. I wanted her again.

"Sit up straight," she ordered. I complied quickly.

She walked over to me and turned around, sticking her sexy ass in my face. She bent over and then snapped back until she was lying with her back on my chest. She placed her legs outside mine and then proceeded to line-up my cock with her cunt. She was still soaked beyond words. I slid in easily and she began to rock.

She started bouncing up and down on my rod, going faster and faster. I could feel her pussy juices running all over my cock and balls. She continued to ride me up and down, unclasping and removing her bra while she did so. As she rocked she began pinching and tweaking her nipples, then she started to shutter. She bounced harder and faster as she came. She screamed wildly as her cunt flooded with juices. I started to tense and she knew I was close again.

"Fill me up," she screamed. "Fill me you fuckstud, fill my pussy."

That's all it took as I exploded with thunderous force. Over and over I filled her twat with stream after stream of goo. I could feel my juice and her mixing in her cunt as it ran all over my stiff rod. She finally stopped bouncing and stepped forward, forcing my dick out of her. She then sat on the edge of the bed and laid back. I sat there for a moment and admired the beauty of her body as she lay there panting.

"Two down, two to go," she reminded me without moving. "Time for you to clean me out."

She then lifted her legs into the air and grabbed her ankles with her hands, opening her pussy wide for me to see. My spunk mixed with hers was oozing out of her hole. I knew what she wanted so I got down on my knees and crawled over to her waiting snatch. I instantly buried my tongue in her saturated cunt. I licked and sucked like never before, tasting the mixture of our fluids. I lapped at her lips and nibbled at her clit while adding my saliva to the mixture of fluids inside her. She started to squirm so I licked faster. I went up and down her pussy lips and in and out of her twat. I sucked and bit and lapped at her pussy endlessly. She started to squirm more and more with moans of pleasure. Finally, when she could take no more, she pushed my head away.

"Ok stud, are you ready to go again," she asked.

"I couldn't resist you if I wanted to," I responded.

She then flipped herself over onto her stomach and crawled up on the bed. As she positioned herself on her hands and knees, no words were needed. I climbed on the bed and entered her from behind. Amazingly she was still flooded with juice and easily penetrated. Our hips again began to rock in rhythm, slowly at first, then faster as we went. Emma again started to shutter and shake in pleasure. She then looked back over her shoulder at me and instructed me, "Pull my hair, baby." I wasted no time in reaching out and grabbing a handful of her lovely blonde hair. I pull her hair hard and used it as way to pull myself harder into her each time we rocked. She screamed with delight as she had a monumental orgasm, cumming all over my cock.

I could feel my third load building and I knew I was not going to last long. I pulled her hair as hard as I could as I crashed into her each time. She felt me tensing and commanded me, "Cum on my back stud." Her wish was my command, as I pulled out and unleashed a volcanic outpouring of cum all over her back. Three short spurts were all I had left in me. I collapsed in a heap next to her, out of breath. I looked over at the clock and reality set in.

"I should shower, it's almost time for me to go," I reminded her.

"Yes you should," she said as she kissed me on cheek and pushed me off the bed towards the bathroom.

I walked into the bathroom, turned the water on and removed the rest of my cloths. I jumped into the shower and took a long minute under the hot water to recount what had just happened. I guess it was longer than a minute because the next thing I knew, I felt a set of hands come up from behind me and start lightly scratching my chest.

"Don't turn around," she instructed. "I said four loads, and if you didn't believe me, I am going to get them."

She then filled her right hand with shampoo and lathered up my cock. She started stroking me from behind using the shampoo as a lube. She worked faster and faster, jerking me off for all she was worth. I quickly came very hard, my knees buckled. She removed her hand and exited the shower.

I finished showering and dressed; leaving the black lace thongs I had worn on the bed for her. She met me at the door, dressed in only a robe. I kissed her on the cheek as she opened the door for me to exit.

"See you soon," I said, half asking, half stating.

"You know you will," she confirmed. "Sex like this is what your dreams are made of."
