 Chapter 06 -- Party Crasher

The week had flown by. It was already Thursday and I had not heard from Emma since I left her at the mall on Sunday. Tomorrow night was her corporate party, which I was under the direct impression that I was going to attend, but she had not called to deliver any of the details. I had even rented a tux for this event as she instructed me to do, but no word from Emma. This was not a unique situation, she loved to make me wait and see me sweat.

As I muddle through what was left of Thursday afternoon, the phone finally rang. Of course it was Emma. My heart skipped a small beat as I answered.

"Hello," I said, picking up the receiver.

"Have you missed me," she asked, not bothering with pleasantries. "I know you have."

"If you know, they why ask," I questioned her.

"Just to fuck with you," she replied. "Anyway, our party tomorrow night is at the Plaza hotel downtown. The party starts at 7pm in the grand ball room, but Penny will be getting ready in room 628. Do me a favor, get there early in case she needs some help getting ready, let's say 6:30."

"I will be there," I confirmed.

"Good," she stated. "You and Penny will be sitting at the table with me and another high ranking member of the company, so don't say too much."

"Whatever you think is best," I conceded.

"See you tomorrow night, stud," she concluded as she hung up the phone.

I put down the receiver and looked at the clock. Time was an interesting event right now, was it my ally or was it my enemy. What would tomorrow bring?

Friday morning was as usual; I got up, worked out, showered and headed off to work. I had kept my tux in the car, so I would have it with me to change into before I left for the party that evening.

I walked into the office, tux in one hand and my briefcase in the other. I muddled through the day, trying not to count the minutes. I was about 3 o'clock that I started getting anxious for the event to get here. I went online to look at the Marriott website to see if they listed the event. I was unclear as to what type of company function this was going to be and I wanted to be as prepared as possible, but mostly I wanted to distract myself.

As luck would have it, the banquet was listed with some pretty specific details. It was a corporate awards ceremony to celebrate the completion of a large marketing deal the company had recently entered into with several major athletes. Apparently, the company was going to be presenting 4 awards tonight. They were going to honor the two main athletes that signed on for the deal, the head of marketing of the company and, coincidentally, Emma.

I was a little taken back and slightly confused seeing her name there as an honoree. Did she want me there to see her get this award? Did she want me there because many people would be distracted by the two superstar athletes? One thing was perfectly clear, she always found a way to keep me guessing as to what she was up to. Emma was as sly a woman as has ever been created.

By the time I was done digesting this information, it was time to get ready and go. I shut down my workstation and headed off to the men's room to change into my tux. When that mission was complete, I gathered myself and headed for the car. I knew exactly where the Marriott was downtown and traffic was light so I was a little early when I arrived.

As I parked the car, I noticed that the clock read 6:12pm. I was early. Would Penny think I was desperate if I showed up this early? Would I get in her way? I was thinking way too much. I decided that I was here and that was the end of it. I stepped out of the car and headed inside.

I walked through the lobby, seeing several formally dressed people as I did. I headed for the elevator and waited. The elevator opened and I stepped inside. I hit the button for the 6th floor and the doors began to close. Just they were about to seal shut, the doors began to open again. Emma's husband Jack stepped onto the elevator with me and hit the button for the 7th floor. I recognized him from the pictures I had seen at her house.

He stood slightly in front of me to the right. I sized him up quickly. He was in dirty jeans and a ripped sweatshirt with a suit bag over his shoulder and a duffle bag in his other hand. He was about 5 feet 7 inches tall, similar to me, but he was very stocky, boast larger arms and a larger chest than me. He was the poster boy for blue collar workers.

It was as if an alarm when off then the elevator opened at the 6th floor. I stepped past jack and off the elevator. I turned right and headed for Penny's room. As I reached 628, I knocked gently, so as not to startle her. Penny answered the door wearing nothing but a towel. Her hair was wet, as if she had just finished taking a shower.

"You are early," she said. "Emma said you would be early."

"She knows me well," I responded.

"I was hoping she did," Penny retorted. "Now come in."

I entered the room and Penny shut the door behind me. She then led me into the main area of her room. She turned to face me as she stood in front of the bed. Penny then dropped her towel and stood before me completely naked. Her body was great and her curves were perfect. I was speechless.

"I guess you like what you see," Penny remarked, staring at the growing bulge in my pants.

"That would be an understatement," I admitted.

"Well, Emma says you are very obedient," she revealed. "She also said I should please you tonight. So, here's how it's gonna go, right now you are gonna give me what I want and later, we'll slip out of the party early and I will give you what you want." 

"That sounds fair," I agreed.

Penny then lay down on the bed and moved herself to the middle of the oversized mattress. She spread her legs wide and started playing with her pussy with her right hand. She began circling her clit and tweaking her nipples with her other hand.

"Drop your pants and get over here," Penny commanded me.

I did exactly as she said. I undid my belt and dropped my pants and boxers to my ankles. My cock was rock hard and throbbing at this point. I stepped out of my pants and began to remove my jacket when she stopped me.

"Leave everything else on and come fuck me now," she yelled angrily.

I immediately climbed onto the bed and made my way towards her. As I did so, Penny flipped over onto her hands and knees and thrust her ass at me.

"Give it to me," she demanded, as she continued rubbing her pussy. "Put that cock inside me now, dammit!"

I made my way over to her and grabbed my rod. I lined it up with the entrance to her hole, which she was still manipulating. I press the head of my dick to her slit. She was very wet and my rod slid inside her easily. It felt like heaven. I began to slowly rock in and out of her from behind. I thought my cock would explode with how good it felt. Penny then began to pick up the pace, thrusting her hips and ass back into me with more force each time I penetrated her.

"Give me that load," Penny moaned. "I want you to fill me for the party. I wanna sit there and smile with your cum inside me. Fuck me hard, fuck me hard now."

I grabbed her hips and began to drive my pole into her with every ounce of power I had. I was spearing her pussy over and over again from behind. She was moaning loudly and uncontrollably as I pounded her.

"I'm CUMMING," she screamed. "I'm FUCKING CUMMING!!!"

She continued to ram her cunt on to my rod as I slammed into her over and over. My cock started to tense and throb. I impaled her time and time again as I came. I spewed stream after stream of goo into her box. When she had milked me dry we both crashed to the bed.

I guess I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I realized, Penny was shaking me. I opened my eyes to find her completely dressed and ready to go. I sat up and took stock of her. She looked amazing. She was wearing a black, strapless tube-style dress which fell very high on her thigh. She was not wearing any stocking or hose, but had on black, steel-heeled stiletto pumps. Her hair was down and straight and her makeup was perfect. I was in awe.

"Time to go," she reminded me.

I hopped off the bed, still pantless. Penny handed me my pants, but withheld my boxers.

"I think you be more comfortable without these tonight," she said as she tossed my boxers across the room onto a chair.

"Whatever you say," I replied, submissively. "You look amazing."

"I know," she confirmed.

I looked at my watch; it was 7:10pm.

"I didn't mean to make you late," I apologized.

"Don't be silly," she giggled, "hot girls are always fashionable late."

I buckled my belt and check myself in the mirror before we headed out the door. I followed her down the hall and onto the elevator. We were alone on the elevator as we headed down to the banquet room for the party.

"That was good," she said to me.

"Glad you liked it," I replied.

"You didn't like it," she questioned.

"You were amazing," I assured her.

"Wait until later," she commented.

The doors of the elevator then opened and we headed to the banquet room. After the short walk, we reached the banquet room, which was jammed packed with people. Penny led me to our table, which was near the front of the room and close to the podium. As we picked two of six seats, I looked up to see Emma and her husband coming towards us.

"Looks like we are sitting together," Emma said to Penny.

They exchanged pleasantries and Penny introduced me as her date to both Emma and Jack. I was quiet but polite, a little unsure of how this was going to work. Emma looked amazing, wearing a purple halter dress, which fell a little higher than mid-thigh. Her hair was up and she had on a large diamond necklace. The topped it off with silver, spike-heeled sandals that tied all the way up her calf. I was rock hard again, which I was not sure if it was noticeable due to the lack of boxers. Jack had on a simple double-breasted suit and had managed to shave. He was a simple man.

As I was taking stock of Emma and Jack, a short, balding man wearing glasses and a suit then made his way over to us. He was accompanied by a lovely redheaded woman wearing a blue evening gown with matching shoes. His name was Max. He said hello to Emma and Penny and introduced them to his wife Lilly. Emma introduced Jack and Penny introduced me, indicating that Max was the CEO of the company. Furthermore, Max and Lilly were also sitting with us.

The ladies sat, while Max indicated he needed to speak to a few people. I headed for the bar to get Penny and I a drink. I needed it if I was going to get through this night. Jack followed me.

"That Penny is a hot, little number," Jack commented as we stood in line at the bar. "How'd you hook up with her?"

"A mutual friend set us up," I indicated, not wanting to talk to him.

I got a drink for Penny and myself and returned to the table. I sat down, with Penny on my right and Max on my left. Jack was next to Penny followed by Emma and Lilly, completing the circular table. As Jack returned from the bar to sit, Max moved to the podium and asked everyone to be seated.

As Max started his speech about why we were all gathered together, Emma stood up and excused herself. As she did this, I noticed she inconspicuously passed a small piece of paper to Penny, who read it and passed it to me under the table. I looked down at the paper and it read: I have to wait with the other honorees, but since I am being honored last it will be a few minutes. Meet me in the manager's office in 3 minutes; it's down the hall on the left.

I tried to stand and excuse myself as discreetly as possibly. I walked through the maze of tables and out of the banquet room. I headed down the very wide hallway, passing the 3 other honorees along the way. I came to the last door on the left, which had the words "Managers Office" on a gold plaque on the door. I entered the office to find Emma sitting on the end of the manager's desk with her legs crossed.

"You clean up nice," she greeted me.

"Words can't describe how amazing you look," I replied.

"Penny told me you were a very good boy before," she informed me.

"I was on my best behavior," I advised her.

"Then you deserve to be rewarded," she responded.

Emma then stood up and walked over to me. She stopped just in front of me and knelt down. She unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my pants. She pulled my pants to the floor and grabbed my cock with her right hand.

"We don't have long, so just stand there and enjoy this," she said as she looked up at me. "And don't touch my hair."

Emma then jammed my rock hard cock into her mouth. She began slurping and licking my shaft. She started sucking my dick fast and furious. In and out of her wet mouth my cock continued to go. I was in heaven. I put my right hand down on the desk at my side as Emma reached both her hand around my waist and grabbed my ass.

She then altered her technique to deep throat me. She used her grip on my ass to push my cock as far down her throat as she could take. She did this multiple times and I was almost done. She continued to suck on my cock ferociously and when she started deep throated me again, I exploded. I shot streams of cum into her mouth and down her throat. She did not let one drop get away.

As I stood there, weak in the knees, staring down at her, I could not believe it. She was the slut of my dreams. I wish I could have bent her over that desk and fucked her right then and there, but she quickly brought me back to reality.

"You had better get back to your seat," she said as she zipped my pants backup and buckled my belt.

"I guess so," I agreed.

As I turned to leave the office, she grabbed me by the arm to stop me. She looked me deep in the face with a serious look.

"Penny's pussy tasted good on your cock," she remarked.

"Are you angry," I asked.

"Not at all," she replied, smiling at me. "I told her to fuck you. I think she has a little something in store for you later as well."

"You are one amazing creature," I complimented, before turning and exiting the office.

I headed down the hall and reentered the banquet room. I made my way to the table and sat down. The third honoree was being presented his award at the podium. Dinner had been served and was on the table in front of me. Penny put her hand on my shoulder and leaned in towards me.

"Did you like it," she whispered in my ear.

I did not reply, I just turned and smiled at her. I think she got the meaning.

"If you liked that, you are gonna love what's next," she revealed.

The third honoree took his award and sat down. Max began talking up Emma and her accomplishments. He introduced her and she entered the banquet room from the back. She looked amazing as she strode to the podium. Max presented her with her award and she came back to the table. After several minutes of congratulating Emma, Penny stood up.

"If you will all please excuse me," she said to the table, "I am not feeling very well. I am going to get some air for a few minutes."

She turned and headed for the exit of the banquet room. As she turned, she dropped a small piece of paper into my lap. I watched her tight ass wiggle as she walked out. I reached down and grabbed the paper. I opened it to read the following: Meet me in the room in 10 minutes

I was guessing she felt fine and I was about to feel even better. I made small talk for the next 8 minutes then I stood and left the table, using the excuse that I should go check on Penny. I hustled to the elevator and quickly hit the button for the 6th floor. When the elevator arrived on 6, I quickly exited and head for room 628. I arrived to find an interesting sight, the card key was already in the lock.

I used the card key to open the door and enter the room. Upon entering I heard Penny moaning. I continued into the room until the bed was in full view. There, in the middle of the bed, was Penny. She was naked except for the black, steel-heeled stiletto pumps she was wearing. She was lying on her back, her leg bent at the knee and wide open. She had two fingers on her right hand inserted into her pussy and she was writhing in pleasure.

"Am I interrupting," I questioned playfully to get her attention.

"Get naked," she ordered, not bothering to stop what she was doing.

As I undressed quickly, Penny continued finger fucking herself. She moaned louder and louder as she progressed. When I was completely naked, I joined her on the bed. As I crawled next to her, she quickly threw me on my back and climbed on top of me. Without saying a word she inserted my cock inside her and began riding me violently.

She bounced up and down on my cock repeatedly. She quickly brought herself to orgasm, bucking wildly on my cock as she came. She continued impaling herself on my rod throughout her lengthy climax. When she was done, she rolled off me and onto her back. I laid there and did not move for a moment, unsure where what was next.

"Get up and stand at the edge of the bed," Penny commanded me.

I jumped off the bed and did exactly as instructed. I stood there as Penny wriggled herself across the bed so that she was lying flat on her back in front of me. The bed was perfect height for this position. She put her legs on my chest and then bent her knees slightly to lock the steel heels of her shoes into my shoulders. She then spread her legs slightly so her pussy was quite accessible.

"Fuck the shit out of me right now," she insisted.

I wasted no time pumping my cock into her. I entered her and she was flooded with juices. I really got going quickly, using her thighs to draw her to me and slam into her vagina. I really rocked hard in and out of her twat. I wanted her to feel it. I pounded away spearing her violently each time. I pushed deep and hard each time in. My cock was swelling and I was not going to stop. I thrusted viciously each time in.

"Oh baby," Penny screamed. "I'm cumming again."

She thrashed wickedly on the bed in front of me, climaxing again.

"Time to give you what you want," she said.

"What's that," I questioned, still fiercely pounding her pussy, nearing climax.

"Emma gave me these shoes for you to cum on," she revealed. "So blow your big load on them."

Just then she used the heels stuck in my shoulders to push me back and withdraw my cock from inside her. Hearing that those were Emma's shoes and they were meant for me sent me over the edge. Penny placed her feet together and presented them in front of me. I did not disappoint, smothering them in a monster load of semen. I unloaded what felt like a gallon of goo in several strong streams onto the black, sexy shoes she was wearing. When I finished, I stood there, staring at Penny, spent.

"Nice job," she complimented.

I could not speak. Penny rolled off the far side of the bed and grabbed my boxers from the chair she had tossed them on earlier. She tossed them across the room, landing them safely on my left shoulder.

"Time for you to clean up and go," Penny indicated.

"I guess it is," I muttered.

I dressed, watching Penny the entire time. She sat in the chair my boxers were on drinking a soda from the minibar and she was removing the shoes I had just deposited my load on. She then stood up and put her dress back on. She pulled black, strappy sandals from her bag and put them on her feet.

"Going back to the party," I asked.

"No," she said flatly.

"Can I ask where you are going then," I questioned.

"I have to return these to the person I borrowed them from," she replied, holding up Emma's still cum-covered heels.

"Won't her husband mind," I inquired.

"He won't know," she divulged. "Emma will leave him at the bar and we will be done long before he gets back to the room."

"Done with what, exactly," I pressed.
