 For the next few months, Beth and I had a whole bunch of fun. Some edited highlights include me filling her pretty mouth with cum on the living room floor of her boyfriend's house while he was sleeping upstairs. Or after a walk in the park, leaving a hot sticky trail running down the inside of her thigh. Also fucking her tight arse on the bed that myself and Jane still shared, using a couple of Jane's dildos to spread her cute arse wide enough for my cock. 

All in all, just more stories of me being a despicable bastard, but having a whole bunch of fun along the way. Like the other chapters in my story, this one is as true as I can make it, having to change names so it's only me that will be known for the things I have done. I will answer any and all questions about my life and my stories, so feel free to leave feedback at the bottom. 

One chilly, late summer evening, a bunch of us were having a full blown party around at a friend's house, just before her student housemates came back for the start of term and filled the other rooms in her house. I'd known Anne for years, and we'd even spent a few months dating. 

It started off after a drunken encounter at a nightclub, after we'd been friends, kind of flirting with each for months. She was a total tomboy, but I got on well with her. We loved the same movies and music, liked going out and drinking, and could always relax together. We're still friends now, even though we only dated for months, and have repeatedly ended up naked with each other when drunk and horny. At some point I might tell you the story of us going to watch a gig in a different city, and the fun we had on the train journey back, and behind a church close to her flat. 

The night in question though, there was a big group of people, lots of booze and the kinds of drunken conversations that seem so enlightening at half one in the morning, but will be totally forgotten once the sun comes up. By this time, Beth and I were in a nice routine of fucking whenever we could get the time to do so, and Anne and me would often stay up drinking late just so I wouldn't have to go home to Jane. 

It wasn't hard to convince people then, that Anne and I would likely be last ones drinking, and Beth just so happened to stay out late too. When we were the only people left in the house, Beth moved over to sit next to me, and put her arm around my waist. I threw my arm over her shoulder, and used my other hand to pull her knees up onto my lap. 

Since Anne was not only a great friend at this point, but also a semi regular fuck buddy, I'd broken the cardinal rule of cheating, and told her what I was up to with a mate's girlfriend. She had no complaints, simply because she fucking hated my girlfriend, and was happy for me to get one over on her. 

As Beth nudged her head under my chin though, hand moving down my chest and stomach, stopping to pull my shirt up a little so she could slide her fingers down the front of my jeans, Anne didn't seem best pleased. "Oh come on you two! I don't fucking mind what you're doing, you know that, but it's just not fair. I haven't gotten laid in weeks." 

Beth looked up at me and smiled before leaning up to kiss me deeply, the hand around my waist holding me nice and close as she lifted her body to press her chest against me. "Sorry Anne," I said "we really don't get too much time alone, and it's not like I'm getting sex anywhere else." 

This was not entirely true, as Jane and I would still occasionally screw around. It was mostly as a result of text messages from Beth getting me rock hard, and needing to stick my cock somewhere wet and warm. It was far from the exciting sexual escapades we used to engage in though, so having the chance to fool around with Beth was an opportunity I wasn't going to pass up. As I spoke, I reached my hand across her chest to take a large firm breast in hand, giving it a friendly squeeze first, before finding the hardening nipple and teasing it with my fingertips. 

I was rewarded with a moan against my neck from Beth for that, and a roll of the eyes from Anne. 

Unless it comes to sex, I am far from a confident man, but since I was already pretty pissed, and knew I could get either of these two young ladies off without too much effort, I figured I might as well take a shot for the belt, and see just how far Anne would be willing to go to get her pussy - no doubt already wet - filled with my cock once more. 

Keeping my eyes locked on hers, I leaned down and took the hard flesh of Beth's nipple between my teeth, through a loose fitting shirt and her bra, and started to nibble. "Mmmm" came Beth's breathy exclamation, "I don't mind sharing you know." 

Looks like it was going to be easier than I thought to convince Beth, and I already knew the two of them had expressed an interest in all things Sapphic in the past. I lifted my head and hand from Beth's chest and took the back of Anne's head in my hand and pulled her in for a kiss. Of the two of them, she was the least open to being the submissive fuck toy I craved, but at that point in time, she just plain needed to feel something sensual, and kissed back with an enthusiasm I didn't see that often, even when we were a couple. 

Beth lifted herself forward and started to kiss Anne's neck, licking and nibbling as a tongue pushed between my lips, licking me deep and letting me suck it. Not needing to hold her head in place, I was more than happy to grab my second tit of the night. Although Anne was nowhere near as well-endowed as Beth, she still had a healthy handful for me to squeeze and play with, and it was instantly obvious that she was just as turned on as either Beth or I was. 

As I felt Beth's hands land in my crotch, I knew she could tell just how horny I was with the current turn of events. My thick cock had been straining against my jeans since Beth had come over to sit next to me. Kissing, groping, plus the anticipating what was to come; all of that had gotten me so horny, I was surprised the drop of cum hadn't already soaked through boxers and jeans. 

My submissive slut knew what to do next, and while another girl tongued my mouth, she pulled my button open, fly down, and cock out, grabbing it and starting to roughly toss me off as she watched us kiss. For a second I thought about grabbing Anne's hand and putting it to my cock, but I had once again failed to anticipate just how horny she was, and while I was only imagining it, I could feel a second hand playing with my balls as Beth's thumb rubbed my pre-cum over the smooth tip of my cock. 

As much as I was loving the attention, to this day I pride myself on being a giver in bed, and I did not want either of the two girls playing with my cock to go unfulfilled. I knew Beth was more likely to get attention from me if we made our way to a bed; she loved cumming with her pussy full of my cock, whilst Anne was more down for having her pussy licked, and Beth or I would be more than happy to take on that job. 

To begin with then, my hand slid down between Anne's thighs, and the second the felt the contact, she opened them wide and slid forward so her cunny was pressed against me. She was wearing jeans and although it meant dropping my cock for a second - something she did with a sigh - she helped me get them open and down past her sensible panties so I could play with her pussy. 

She never shaved her sex. Being a tomboy, I think she thought it too feminine, but apart from having to push a little patch of pubic hair away, it did nothing to impede me, and I soon felt the wetness leaking from between her labia. 

Her twat was dripping, and I don't mean that as an exaggerated storytelling device. When I started to slip a finger between her lips, the excess moisture I displaced dripped noticeably onto the sofa, and the room was soon smelling of sweet pussy juices. As wet as she was, two fingers slipped easily inside, and as much as I knew it wasn't going to get her off, she still squealed into my mouth in pleasure as I started to fuck her cunt as deep as my fingers could go. 

She may not have been submissive, but she did like it rough, and was soon screaming as I drove my fingers deep into her, causing her to lean back to drag enough air into her lungs so she could continue to bellow in pleasure. As she threw back her head and shoulders against the sofa, Beth took her chance to use her pretty mouth. She was so eager to fill her throat with cock I barely needed to push her down to force the last inch inside. I did though. I needed her to know that I was still in charge, and if I needed my cock to stay wedged down her throat for longer than she wanted, she'd just have to put up with it. 

Thankfully my fuck toy knew her place, and held her position, gagging around my swollen prick until I chose to let her breath again. As she reeled back, dragging in a mouthful of fresh air, I pushed her back down, tensing up and throbbing my cock as I used her mouth as a fuck hole, my hand balled into a fist, wrapped around her hair. 

Anne was still mewling and gasping, and I knew the gentlemanly thing to do would be get her off, and I really wanted to see just how much her cunt would drip while I did so. Pulling two wet fingers free from her tight and clamping sex, I slid up between her velvety lips to find her clit, already swollen and protruding from the hood of her labia. 

I had to go slowly. I enjoyed going slowly, but Anne was the most sensitive woman I'd ever fucked, and I knew she would already be damned close to cumming. The first contact with her clit elicited a full body spasm before she pushed her crotch back down to my hand. I could not only hear, but feel Beth's approving moan, as she got to watch not only my fingers tease between soaking lips, but hear her friend already on the verge of climax. All with her mouth full of hot throbbing meat. 

Using the back of one knuckle I started to stroke Anne's clit, and each motion brought her closer, and the spasm of pleasure almost pushed her body away with the heightened sensation. I'd once asked her to play with herself so I could watch, worried that I was applying too much pressure, and it was all too overwhelming for her. Also because watching a girl play with her cunt is a huge turn on. 

She'd happily obliged, and with her legs open, the fingers of one hand knuckle deep in her cunt, started playing with her clit, and was bucking and screeching in seconds, cumming like a banshee in less than half a minute before licking her fingers clean with a very satisfied look on her face. Turns out, I was doing exactly the right thing, I'd just never seen a pussy so sensitive. It did make our sex from then on a whole bunch of fun though... 

While Beth continued to fuck me with her mouth, Anne reached down to hold my hand in place, and rather than let me pleasure her, bucked her crotch against my hand, and in three thrusts was screaming out loud, and holding wrist in a vice like grip, "Fuck! Yes! Fuck! God! Fuck!" was all we got from her for what seemed like minutes until she finally fell away from my hand. 

I hadn't even noticed that Beth had stopped throat fucking me, instead holding the tip of my cock inside her mouth, cheeks sucking as she stared wide eyed at Anne. "Never seen someone cum like that unless they've got a thick cock inside of them," she said pulling her mouth from my member, "And even with his cock pounding me hard, I don't think I've ever been that loud!" 

"I told you it'd been a while," she gasped, still clearly out of breath "and I really needed that." Looking down, she seemed to notice for the first time that my cock was glistening from Beth's warm and willing mouth. "Mmmm, but right now I think I owe him one." And with that she lowered her head, and wrapped her lips around my cock. She was not the practiced little dick sucker that Beth was, and had never been able to take me too far down, but she knew how to make me feel good nonetheless, and was soon doing her best while Beth lent a hand and watched on with a rapt expression. 

I never pushed Anne the way I did other girls, so I was happy for her to take her time, and it gave me an opportunity to kiss Beth deeply as her fingers teased the base of my cock, wet from the saliva dripping out of Anne's mouth. 

She didn't spend too long down there though, and when she lifted her head up, swallowing and wiping her lips, she said "You know, there's a perfectly good double bed in my room." It was all I needed to know, and I took a hand from each of them as I stood, lifting them with me and leading them up the stairs. 

Anne's bedroom was a fairly accurate glimpse at her personality, with band posters covering most of the walls, and clothes strewn about the place amongst empty beer bottles. It had a bed though, and I dropped to it happily, pulling my trainers off and doing my best to disrobe gracefully while quite drunk and fully erect. The two girls were going about it the same, staying on their feet though, but not in any way putting a show. 

I like watching a girl strip for me, and two of them together, taking their time? What's not to like?! But they seemed like they were far more interested in what came after the clothes came off, and practically racing each other. 

The slut won this round, and as I laid down on the bed, her ample chest followed, her mouth on mine and hand soon wrapped around my cock, tossing me off with the still wet lubrication from both their mouths. 

Anne was a graceful loser though, and happily spread her legs either side of my hips and started to lower herself onto my thick cock. Beth held me in her hand, and aimed me right for a dripping snatch, stopping kissing me to watch as wet lips slid down my shaft, spreading them wide as Anne moaned. When she had every inch of me in her cunt, she started to rock, not needing me to fuck her, just using the contact or my crotch against her clitoris to drive her to screaming and paroxysms of joy. 

To her Credit, Beth knew I was more than happy to be ridden, and left me to the view, adding to it in fact, as she took one of Anne's small breasts in her hand to kiss it, licking the nipple, sucking on it, nibbling even at the rough skin while Anne's hands pushed down on my chest, giving her the leverage needed to grind herself to climax. 

Her pussy was dripping wet, and when she came, screaming in pleasure, it was tightening with every last thrust against me, squeezing me as I clenched my muscles to make my cock throb inside her. I was too drunk to cum from what she was doing, and realised I would be able to fuck these girls for a lot longer than I would if I'd been sober. A thought which made me smile, like the cat who'd got the cream. 

Speaking of which, there was more than one cunt I wanted to feel squeeze me that night, so I lifted Anne off me, and laid her down on her back. As much as I knew I wanted Beth's cunt wrapped around my cock, I couldn't resist using her mouth just a little bit more though, before I'd fill her twat snatch. "You'd better get a taste of this," I told her, pulling her head down, "Your face is going to be buried in it soon enough." 

"About fucking time," came her reply, as she started to lap at Anne's juices, licking every inch of me, before sucking me back down her throat. She looked so beautiful as her cheeks puffed out while she fucked me with her mouth, and I wasn't the only one to think so. Anne's hand was between her legs while she watched Beth treat me to an amazing face fuck, and I could tell that she was enjoying Beth's beauty on show more than the sight of my cock. I think a few guys out there might have been pissed about that, but experience had already taught me that the key to a perfect threesome is to make sure everyone involved wants to fuck each other just as much. If everyone's attracted to everyone else, it's a lot less likely that jealousy will rear its ugly head. 

I couldn't wait any longer for what I thought would be the final act though, and repositioned both myself and Beth. I don't know about anyone else out there in reader world, but an all-time favourite fantasy of mine - even having done it more than a few times - is to have a girl on all fours, back arched and pussy presented as I fuck them, their head between the thighs of another girl, licking them to orgasm while fingering their wet pussy. 

With Beth, I knew I could go one better too, and once she was in position, already kissing and nipping Anne's thighs, I put my head down towards her rear, and started to spread her ass. By this point I'd already fucked her tightest of holes, and knew she loved to have her puckered arse played with. What I needed right then though was a taste. With her arse up and pussy pushed back, I could run my tongue from her clit, between her lips - dipping as deep into her cunny as I could - and into her arse. 

Here is where I pushed nice and deep; making sure she was as wet as could get her, as deep as I could go. Luckily, just like Anne, her pussy had been dripping for a while, so there was plenty of natural lubrication, not only for me to enjoy, but to help get her arsehole nice and slippery. 

Because of how wet her cunt was, I knew she'd been horny as fuck while watching Anne enjoy a couple of orgasms, and before I plunged deep into her sex, I wanted to make sure she'd cum too. With my tongue working deep inside her ass, one hand holding her open, the other parted the soft wet folds of her pussy. Her crotch was partly shaved, making this nice and easy, and two fingers slid inside her velvety wetness with ease. 

She instantly bucked back against me, but my hand on her arse held my fuck thing in place while I started to work my fingertips over her G-spot. From the angle I was at, it was the easiest thing in the world to find her sweet spot, and I could have had her screaming in pleasure into Anne's cunt any time I liked. 

I do like to tease though, especially when it comes to a horny slut who knows how to beg. "Fuck me!" she said, pulling her tongue from its welcoming home inside Anne's hot, wet, slit. "I want to cum, please, please make me cum!" 

Looking down her back, and over her shoulders, I could see Anne's smile. She knew that Beth and I had fucked before, but the lengths to which I was now able to make her beg for release, to debase herself as a slutty cock holster was obviously new to her. Equally as obvious, was how much she was enjoying it. I think if things had taken a different course, I'd like to imagine that Anne could have used Beth as a pet, just like I did. Both of us using her holes whenever we pleased, just for fun. 

That was never to be though. Although this was far from the last time I'd spend with Beth, it would be the last for a while, as I'll detail in further posts. 

Right then, I was far more concerned with making her cum like the slut she was, begging and screaming for more. Once I applied myself to the task, it took less than a minute, and that was with an occasional tease to keep her on edge. Although Beth wasn't a squirter - more's the pity - her cunt was so wet from a mixture of anticipation and stimulation, that when she clenched down on my fingers, the juices that were already drenching her pussy had to go somewhere, and started to leak between my fingers, dripping onto the bed between her knees. 

I'd never seen her that wet before, and could wait no longer. I moved behind her, my knees between hers, and with a quick slap of my cock against her arse, I lined up and slipped inside. She was so wet, I worried for a second about the lack of traction, but as I found the back wall of her pussy with my cock, she tensed up, squeezing me with her cunny walls, and I knew she was ripe for a good fucking. What with her arse nice and slippery too, I wasted no time in pushing my thumb through the tight muscles until every bit of it was buried deep inside her, feeling my cock pulse as I started to build up speed. 
