 Chapter 23 -- Working Late

It had been 3 weeks since my car shopping escapade with Vivian. I was getting through the days, wondering when Emma would deliver me my next assignment. I was also progressing through the slow wheels of her plan to handle my divorce.

Between work and explaining to my family what went wrong, I almost did not notice the weeks rushing by. Actually, I was exhausted, so any time I could steal for myself to relax, I was taking. But as with anything, when you are not expecting it, that is when something changes.

I was sitting at home on a Wednesday, watching a ballgame and dozing in and out of sleep on the couch, so I was rather startled when the phone rang. I cleared my head and sat up, checking the caller id. The display confirmed that is was Emma, calling from her cell phone.

With the divorce in the works, I was alone at home and she knew it, plus, she had balls. Nothing phased her. I checked the clock to see that it was 8:32pm. I was surprise she was calling me at this time, thinking that she would be at home with her husband and kids by now. I finally answered the phone to see where she was going to take me now.

"Hello," I answered.

"You sound tired," she admitted.

"It's been a tiring couple of weeks," I reminded her.

"Well wake your ass up," she ordered. "I need you to do something tonight."

"You need me to close another deal for you," I teased.

"No, tonight you are a reward," she revealed. "Over the last 2 weeks Penny and I have worked a lot of late nights and long hours setting up the new company, dealing with our current case load and incorporating Sienna into the fold. So she deserves a reward for her hard work, don't you think?"

"Of course," I agreed. "I am always in favor of rewarding hard work."

"Good, then go reward her," she instructed. "She is still at the office and will be for a while. Go take her mind off of work and give her whatever she wants tonight."

Before I could even utter the next word on my tongue, she hung up. That was nothing new. I quickly jumped up off the couch and got moving. After a quick shower, I threw on jeans and a shirt and hit the road. 

I was able to the make it to the office by 9pm sharp, not bad for all I had done plus the drive over. I parked and headed into the building. I wondered if Penny knew I was coming. I would soon find out as I reached suite 205, the door was locked. I buzzed the intercom next to the door.

"Can I help you," Penny's voice asked over the intercom.

"Emma sent you a reward," I replied.

Without another word, the door buzzed, allowing me to proceed. I entered the mostly dark office except for the lights around Penny's desk. Before I could even get halfway to her, the phone rang. She answered the call that I can only assume was from Emma. As I proceeded to the front of her desk, she started smiling while still on the phone. I stood and waited while she finished the call and then finally turned her attention to me.

"This is a pleasant surprise," she said, looking up at me from her seat.

"Do you know how pleasant," I toyed with her, also fishing for information.

"Actually," she confessed, "no. I don't. You are supposed to tell me what my reward is."

"That's easy," I laughed. "Your reward is me. Anything you want tonight goes."

She looked at me startled.

"Seriously," she questioned.

"100 percent," I confirmed. "For all your hard work."

She got that sexy, lusty look in her brown eyes as she stood up on the other side of her desk. Without a word she reached across her desk and grabbed the back of my neck, pulling me towards her. She kissed me passionately, not with the fire to get my attention that Vivian kissed me with, but more with a passion simply to kiss and enjoy the contact with me. I was startled by enjoyed it very much.

As she released me and I pulled back, I could see the very large smile she was wearing.

"Why don't you come around to this side so we can get started," she asked playfully.

By the time I walked around her desk, Penny had removed her skirt and panties and stood there in her black 4 inch pumps, thigh high tan stockings and pink sleeveless blouse. Her shaved pussy was in full view and more gorgeous and inviting than I remember.

"I hope you're hungry," she said as she hoisted herself onto her desk and laid back. 

She opened her legs and spread her pussy lips with her hands, inviting me in. I was rock hard in my jeans staring at her sweet box. I got down on one knee in front of her and she put her heels into shoulders. I put my hands on her hips and lowered my tongue to her snatch.

I licked her lips lightly to start, up and down slowly just to get a taste for her. I then pressed my tongue in harder and began sucking on her pussy. I nibbled on her clit and inserted my tongue into her opened repeatedly. She was well lubricated and I loved how her juices tasted. I circled her opening, licking and sucking rapidly. Penny was emitting a series of giggles and deep sighs. 

She now had her legs over my shoulders and her ankles were locked behind my head. I was in heaven but it was her reward. I licked faster and pressed my tongue deeper into her now. I could sense by her squirms and sighs that she was nearing climax so I picked up my pace, focusing on her clit. I nibbled and licked it wildly before pressing my tongue down upon it and rubbing back and forth. As I did that she reached her peak bucking slightly on her desk and shivering repeatedly.

"Get naked," she ordered me, wasting no time after her orgasm.

I stood and removed my cloths quickly. My rod was as stiff as cement as I stood before her, staring at her gorgeous figure.

"What are you waiting for," she asked, again opening her pussy lips with her hands for me.

I started to kneel again, but she stopped me.

"Now it's time to fuck me," she insisted.

I stepped towards the desk, lining up my pole with her waiting gap. I pushed inside her with no resistance as her juices had flooded her box. Her legs were now over my shoulder and I was pumping into her repeatedly. I rocked back and forth, slamming into her on her desk each time. Penny still smiled as wide as I could remember while moaning with pleasure.

I started to ram her harder, crashing into her over and over with my cock. I was in heaven and I was starting to near climax. Penny sensed this and changed things up a bit.

"Not yet," she commanded, pushing my back off of her. "Have a seat."

I sat in her chair as she climbed off of her desk. Penny then threw one leg over each side of me in her and chair and guided my tool back inside her. She quickly began rising and lowering her pussy onto my pole on the chair. She was smiling and moaning as she fucked me. She kept riding, up and down on my stiff bone. She smiled and giggled and moaned as we rocked in rhythm on that chair. She was so wet and sticky inside that I wasn't going to last long and she knew it.

"Fill me, baby," she requested. "Please fill me."

I heard her say this and reached my breaking point. I exploded, pumping 4 or 5 full streams of goo into her and several dribbles after that. She continued to buck through my climax, reaching one of her own as I dumped cum inside her. As soon as her second climax was done she climbed off of me and turned away from me. She put one leg up on her desk while leaving the other on the floor. She had a great ass.

"More," she directed, spreading her ass cheeks.

I stood from the chair and approached her from behind. I stroked my spent dick several times to ensure it was back at full mast. I placed my cockhead in front of her vagina once again but she corrected me.

"Fuck my ass, baby," she begged. "Please fuck it now."

I wasted no time repositioned my pole to her anus. I pushed slowly as I entered her, rhythmically rocking as I inched my rod into her bung. I held her hips and caressed the thigh of the leg she had up on the desk.

Finally I was about ¾ of the way inside her ass and I started to rock with more force. She seemed to be enjoying it as she moaned. I rocked in and out of her tight hole as she rubbed her clit violently. I was enjoying pressing my manhood into her rear repeatedly when we were surprised.

"That's it," I heard a strange voice say. "Fuck her good in the ass."

I stopped moving and we both looked up to see Sienna staring at us. There was no telling how long she had been there but she was smiling as I was pumping my rod into Penny's asshole. I had no idea what to make of this situation.

"Don't stop on her account," Penny instructed.

It got me hot hearing Penny say that. Penny's ass was so tight I did not last long at all. I rocked hard into her several more times before spewing batter inside her bottom. I pumped 3 or 4 thick streams into her ass before collapsing back into her chair.

Penny turned to me and kissed me gently on the lips. She then put her panties and skirt back on while I caught my breath. Sienna was still staring at us from the other side of the desk. I stood and started to gather my cloths to dress when Sienna suggested I should stop.

"Isn't it my turn," Sienna asked.

"Not tonight," I indicated.

"Why not," she asked.

"Emma makes the rules," Penny informed her as she climbed back onto her desk to sit, facing me.

"Why does Emma get to make the rules," Sienna pressed.

"It's her game, were just the players," I responded.

"So you're not gonna fuck me then," she inquired again.

"Not tonight," I advised.

"Interesting," she pondered, before walking away and leaving the office altogether.

I dressed as Penny sat watching me. We talked for another hour about mostly the game though she did want to make sure I was holding up under the stress of the divorce and Emma handling the proceedings on my behalf. She mentioned how hard Emma was working for me and how it felt like things were changing.

As evidenced by this reward tonight and giving Vivian a car, I felt things were changing too. It almost felt like the game was getting softer and less edge. I couldn't decide if that was a good thing or not. Like I said before, when you are not expecting it that is when something changes.

Penny and I continued talking until well past midnight when I walked her to her car. We said goodnight and I was getting ready to exit the parking lot, when I there was a knock on the window of car that scared the shit out of me. I looked to my left to see Sienna staring at me. I rolled down the window to see what she wanted.

"I waited until Penny was gone," she said. "Now can I have my turn?"

"That's not how it works," I admonished her.

"Who's gonna know," she grunted with her hands on her hips. "You turned me down once, don't make that mistake again."

"I'm sorry," I replied. "But we told you, Emma makes the rules. I have learned that lesson and I don't care to repeat past mistakes, especially when it upsets someone who has been so good to me. The minute you have Emma's approval, you can have your turn. You should really talk to her about how things work around here."

"It seems like Emma does all the talking," she scolded me, with an odd look in her eyes, kind of like a psycho-stalker ex-girlfriend would give. "I think it's time I helped her redesign the rules."

"Good luck with that," I responded. "Get home safe."

I pulled out of the parking lot and headed home. After a wonderful night with Penny, that conversation was weird.