 Although there's plenty left to say about the fun Beth and I have had during our lives, I felt like telling you all about someone else today. I'm still the bad guy in this story, and apart from the names – changed to protect anyone else involved – everything is as true as I remember it. If you have questions, about the writing or content, then ask away, or if you just want to call me a bastard, the comments are open!



 You once again join me as I am unhappy in a relationship. I don't want any of my readers to think I'm using this an excuse or anything though. I've done terrible things with bugger all justification, and I'm not looking for forgiveness or acceptance, just to get this stuff out there and have fun while writing about it. 

I was seeing a girl called Laura, and to date, it's the longest continuing relationship I've ever been in. I loved her dearly, as we'd been friends for a while before starting to see each other, and got on really well. Being my usual self though, I'd made my feelings towards her known while she was still seeing someone else, and found out after that fact that they were kind of reciprocated. I never actually did anything with her while she was with her previous boyfriend though, she was too nice a girl for that. 

That was many years ago though, and any fire that had existed between us had gone out completely. At the time of the story taking place, it had been three months since we'd done anything more than kiss, and I was getting more than a little bit restless. Add to that, her indifference to my attempts to reignite some passion, and you had one unfulfilled author.

Again, this is not an excuse, it's just where my head was at. So getting a direct online message from an old crush got my pulse racing in a way that hadn't happened for far too long. Beverly was far too young for me when we'd first met, as she had arrived in my town as a university student. I really wanted to fuck her back then, and because my girlfriend at the time was open to threesomes with other girls, I saw no harm in flirting and seeing where it went. Sad to say my then partner was not a huge fan of Bev, and although I kept flirting with her for way longer than I should, it was clear she wouldn't be joining us in bed.

Sometime after that I found out my girl had cheated on me - for the second time - and although I fully understand the hypocrisy of the situation, I was quick to dump her and move on. Hell, I dumped her while she was still in bed on her birthday morning, but it was the night before that she'd been sending messages to some other guy about all the sex they were having behind my back.

This gave me plenty more opportunities to pursue Bev, even though she had gone and gotten herself a boyfriend. it wasn't that I didn't like the guy, he was dull but harmless, but I decided to carry on flirting. Not to sound too full of myself, but I'd always gotten the idea that Bev would have gone for me if the ideal situation presented itself. So, I'd often sit next to her in pubs, gently caressing her thigh while the boyfriend sat on the other side of her. I'd walk her back to her halls, and make it clear that an invite inside was all that was stopping us from finally doing what I imagined we both wanted to do.

I know, I sound like a total dick right now. As if the simple fact that she was nice to me and never embarrassed me by telling me to leave her alone was a sure sign she wanted me! Well, turns out that I wasn't too far wrong. Many years later, I was to find out that if I had just pushed my luck a little bit further, gone in for a kiss, held her closer, we could have been fucking back then! Hell, I was single, maybe even more. I also found out she'd told her fella that she had feelings for me, so if I'd just pushed a bit harder, who knows. There was definitely a spark between us, and looking back, I really wished we could have seen where it went.

 That was then though, and although I'd had an occasional call from Bev after she'd graduated and moved away with her boyfriend, I thought that my chance had passed, so I was always a gentlemen, and only ever spoke to her like she was a friend. This time though, it wasn't a call, just an online direct message while I was at work. It was a quiet day, so chatting on Facebook was no problem, and because of where my mind was, I was very happy to hear from her. Even if she just wanted to reach out and say hi, my mind was quickly thinking about how close we'd gotten in the past, and how often I'd imagined her naked.

It all started innocently enough, just catching up on stuff like jobs and friends, and the fact that she was single. I didn't want to instantly follow that up with the fact that I was unhappy with Laura or anything, but my heart did start racing, and I could feel a solid pulse coming from under my boxer shorts. I don't want to create some romantic notion that I'd always thought of Bev as "the one that got away", but I did still think of her on occasion. Usually her tight young body riding my cock, or her pretty face dripping with my cum! Not to say that's all I thought of her - we got on well, and often had a laugh - but it was how she usually featured in my imaginings.

From the first hints of conversation, I found out she was lying in bed. Not naked though - I did ask - but the fact that she was laying down and relaxed in bed got my imagination into overdrive. I didn't want her to just the end the conversation if I started telling her what I was thinking about though, so we just carried on chatting about the times we'd shared in the past, and that quite nicely got us to how much we used to flirt.

It was pretty easy to get from there to all the things I'd wished we could have done. Going into detail was starting to get her in the mood, and within half an hour of me typing out the things I wish I had done to her, or what I wish she could be doing to me now - with her filling in some blanks along the way – she'd climaxed, and my cock was throbbing against the inside of my jeans.

I was honest with her though, telling her about Laura, and what was going through my mind, and she seemed happy to be involved in my life, especially in a sexual way. She never did take her panties off during that first session, but I was assured she had at least a couple of fingers buried in her dripping pussy before she stroked her clit to orgasm.

 *

 Things carried on this way for a while, until I realised just how much I was falling for her. Sure, it was great to chat, and even better to see her slide a finger into her tight young arse while she watched me stroke my cock until I came via webcam, but I'd be lying if I said the attraction was purely physical, or even carnal. She was the perfect little slut for me, happy to do what I asked, and tell me what she wanted, enticing me with ideas of things we could actually be doing if we were together, and we could talk about things that interested us, shared hopes and dreams too.

Although I am bastard, I also realised that carrying on like this would just hurt someone. If it was just fooling around, I probably would have carried on, waiting for the day Laura and I dumped each other or I got caught. I still cared for Laura though, even if my romantic feelings had long since perished. And I was starting to fall for Bev in a big bad way, so just keeping her around to make me cum wasn't going to work. I had to break up with Laura.

There's never an easy way to do it. No perfect place or time that's not going to end up with someone getting hurt, but I did my best. We both got upset, there were tears, but Laura seemed almost resigned to it. She'd thought about breaking things off herself, but was still upset that it had actually happened. So there I was; single, with a hot young blonde who daily told me she wanted my cock inside her tight wet pussy, who just happened to live hundreds of miles away.

Not that that stopped us for long though, and a plan was put in place that would allow us to have some fun without it being so bloody obvious that I'd left Laura to jump in bed with another girl. Bev still had a few friends around these parts, and with some holiday time coming up, it was to be a coincidence that she'd be in town only a couple of weeks after the breakup. We didn't need to fabricate too much, as a dinner and a catch up was well within expectations of old friends. Laura knew we'd been flirty in the past, but as far as she was concerned, this the first time we'd spoken in a couple of years. The last time Bev had made contact, just a phone call to catch up, I'd told Laura about it, just so she knew I had nothing to hide, and that was a couple of years previous.

I was to be picked up from work, and away we would go to a nice little pub outside of town for a nice meal and a chat. When I saw Bev, I knew just how lucky I was. A nice skirt, short but not slutty, a close fitting top that showed of her breasts that were a lot fuller than when we were last in the same building. When she had her back to me, I also got to check out her shapely arse that I had spent weeks imagining my cock sliding deep inside.

We kissed, tentatively, to say we'd been watching each other cum, and talking about some very dirty stuff for weeks. It was the first time I'd kissed this girl I'd spent years crushing on though, so I was happy to go slow. That was the slowest we were going to go though, because it didn't take her long to hand me a small plastic remote control. I knew just what it was for, and pocketed it for fun later.

While traveling to the pub, I barely managed to keep my hands off her, even though she was driving! She just looked divine, and thankfully I wasn't the only one feeling frisky. Whenever the car had to stop at intersections her hand was on my thigh, reaching down to stroke my stiffening cock with her fingertips. My hand would also slip between her legs, running up her tights to feel the heat from her sex, wanting so much to slide inside to feel the wetness for myself.

Decorum was returned when we were seated in the pub though, and I resisted setting her internal vibrator going while our table was waited on. I'd like to tell you how much fun we had during the meal, but it was just so nice to be with her, I barely set her toy running at all. I did play with the settings somewhat, and loved watching her cheeks flush as I set it higher and higher, settling on a pulse setting that kept her pushing down against her chair involuntarily for a minute or so.

The rest of the meal was pleasant, but we were both on our best behaviour. We finished, paid, and went out to the car, planning on a drive to a nice local beauty spot. Once we got there, it was a damned sight harder to behave. The meal had been fun, but also slightly frustrating. Bev had been getting vibrations against her G-spot but nothing else, and my cock had been at least half erect for the last hour. In the car park, with cars all around, some with other people sat enjoying the view, we started to kiss again. This time with a lot more passion, tongues playing against each other as I held the back of her neck, keeping her close to me.

While her tongue slipped between my lips, my hand moved down to her chest, pushing inside her blouse to feel the soft flesh within, fingertips grazing the already firm nipples and eliciting a moan of pleasure into my mouth. I was still taking it slow, enjoying every new sensation, but Bev was the insatiable little slut I always imagined her to be, and was soon groping at my crotch. My cock practically sprang up to meet her fingers, and was soon running down my thigh, throbbing and hard as she stroked it masterfully. Her fingers teased at the tip of my cock before squeezing and running down its length to my balls, tickling them before starting to stroke up and down with increased speed.

My hand was fully inside a bra cup at this point, and due to our intimate conversations, I knew that going softly here would do very little to arouse my young partner. I took the pert nipple firmly between my forefinger and ball of my thumb and began to squeeze, while rolling it back forth, pulling it out as far as her clothing would allow. Hearing her moan out loud in person was just what I needed and my cock started to twitch against Bev's fingers as she went back to squeezing and teasing the smooth head through the denim and cotton until the drop of cum had spread and she could feel it against her fingers.

I think if she'd have carried on I'd have cum then and there, hot spunk dribbling down my thigh while I squeezed her nipple, feeling the ruffled flesh stiffen between my fingers. She must have realised - no doubt my breathing had gotten a bit more intense - and stopped before it was too late. Gently patting my rock hard cock, she leaned backwards, my hand slipped from her breast, and she quickly readjusted her clothing, "I think a walk in nice cool air is just what we need," she said while unclipping her seat belt.

A walk was not what I had in mind, and the tightness of my jeans, worn - if I'm completely honest - because they would show off my assets to Bev, would make walking awkward until the blood moved away from my swollen member. Still, I had not planned on cumming unless it was inside her, so I took her queue, and left the car with her to go for an evening stroll.

It was a nice place to walk, and there were other groups of people out enjoying the late summer evening. If I'd thought that meant we would be well behaved, I was proven wrong very quickly. Her hand was never far from my cock, whenever we stopped to take in any of the beautiful scenery, and when we found a bench, she was practically unzipping me before the arrival of a couple of strangers stopped her. I wasn't exactly innocent though, and even if she was wearing two layers between me and her wet cunt, I was happy to put my hand between her legs and tease her swollen lips, flicking my fingertips over her clitoris and pushing further down to her tightest of holes.

As the evening drew in, and a chill started to spread through the air, we made our way back to the car and decided to find another pub to get warm in. From where we were, this was pretty easy. The only down side was how many other people had the same idea. We were happy to kiss, and on more than one occasion my hand snuck down to her round arse so I could give it a squeeze, but it was nowhere near enough for either of us. We both got through our drinks quickly, and were left unhappy with that being the end of our night. It was getting late, but we both needed some kind of release,

Thankfully Bev was happy to drive home late, and we found a nice secluded parking spot, and as the engine stopped we both unclicked the seat belts, and were holding each other tight, kissing deeply, hands pulling the other closer. In seconds I was hard again and I was tired of going slow. I took Bev's hand and directed it to my cock, unzipping my fly as she started to stroke me. Her other hand was just as eager, pulling the button apart and pushing my boxers down, taking my thick cock into the cool flesh of her hand.

I couldn't help myself but to look down. Her hands were small and petite, just like the rest of her, and although my cock is far from monstrously long, it's thickness looked even more impressive encircled by her fingers and she squeezed it and started to toss me off. I wanted the same, and plunged my hand between her thighs, feeling the same heat as before, but this time her pussy juices had been flowing so much I could feel the sticky wetness through her tights and panties.

If you've ever tried to get inside that many layers of clothing while sat in a small town car, you will feel my frustration though. There was simply no way to slide a finger or two inside her, and I'd been aching to do so all evening. Not that she wasn't responding to my touch though. Every stroke of her cunny lips got her murmuring in pleasure into my mouth, and her hand would speed up its jerking motions around my swollen cock. Her thumb was always returning to the tip, and on occasion she'd remove it to lick the smeared drops of my cum, looking me in the eyes and smiling her beautiful smile.

She must have registered my frustration though, and although getting to her hot cunt was still proving difficult, by simply bending over, she was able to take the smooth circumcised tip of my cock between her lips. I throbbed the moment I felt her suck, and the difference in girth must have been enough for her to feel it as she moaned deeply in response before taking me further into her mouth. God bless her slutty instincts; although she wasn't able to slide her lips down to the base of my shaft, she was more than willing to try. Hearing her breath stop as she partially chocked on my cock was so fucking hot. She was willing to stop herself breathing for a few seconds at a time just to take even more of my prick down her throat, and that gagging sound made me swell even more, which forced her to pull back before she really choked.

A fine line a saliva ran from my cock to her bottom lip as she breathed in deeply before returning to fuck me with her gorgeous mouth. I've always found it hard to come from blowjobs, with only one girl managing it regularly, but I still love the feeling. Not just a mouth wrapped around my cock, the suction of soft cheeks, the flicking of a wet tongue. Also the fact That a girl has willingly let her mouth become the vessel for my pleasure. The dominant side of me had been coming out more and more with Bev, mainly because Laura had no interest at all in such things, so I had to get my fun where I could. "I love fucking your pretty mouth, take more of me you little slut," I said as she hungrily gobbled my cock, fingers playing with my balls. "Take it all, do what your master says."

She pulled back for a second, sucking in air, then pushed all the way down, and I could feel her tight throat constrict around the tip of my cock as the cock hungry slut did her best. I felt her getting ready to pull back up my shaft and realised I needed her to know I was the boss. With one hand I pushed her head back down, and she gagged viciously, not expecting the downward pressure and sorely in need of fresh air. "Suck it you whore," I say, pushing my hips up, jamming myself even further into her mouth so she chokes harder before I release her, letting her gasp for air.

My hand is still behind her head, so I take a handful of her long blonde hair and pull her face upwards to me so I can kiss her. Bev returns the affection with gusto, and our mouths meet passionately, tongues working against each other and I swear she was purring. Looks like I'd found the cute little fuck thing I was looking for, and thankfully I was also falling in love with her!

She needed the attention now though, which meant we had to deal with her clothing. There was simply no way to do this with each of us in a front seat of a car. the gear stick had made my blowjob awkward enough, so we both climbed into the back seat, my cock still hard and wet against my stomach as I clambered between the front seats.

Once we made ourselves comfortable, I pushed her skirt up past her hips and butt, and started to wriggle her tights and panties down. The still confined space meant I needed help, but Bev was, if anything, more eager than me to free her cunny, so she quickly wriggled out of them and spread her legs wide open for her master. I could already smell the sex coming from her cunny, and was soon rubbing the wet folds of her labia while her hand wrapped itself around my cock once more. The lubrication of her saliva made it feel amazing as she tossed me off, her head back and throat exposed as my finger penetrated her dripping slit. I was happy to nibble and lick her throat as a second finger found its way inside her and started to work against her G-spot. I knew she wasn't going to be able to cum from this - I hate to say it, but I was almost certain she wouldn't get an orgasm that night at all, without some advanced gymnastics - but I loved the feeling, and got to hear her mewls of pleasure in person, and very close to my ear.
