 Kat was lying on the couch thinking of her boyfriend. She loved him with all her and heart and her dream was for him to go all out with foreplay and lick and suck her until her level of ecstasy was literally worth dying for. Then to ravish her with sex more powerful than creation.

It was such a boring night; Kat was lying on the couch in her silk pink panties watching a movie. But Kat was thinking of her boyfriend, his beautiful body, green eyes and dark brown hair. Kat's tongue poked through her lips as she thought of him, lust filling her mind and body.

Just then, Kat heard the door unlock, finally he was here. Excited and wet she leapt up and raced for the door. There he was standing there in his jeans and a white t-shirt. He entered the room noticing Kat's beautiful, heaving breasts as they almost toppled out of her bra from her excitement. Grabbing her around the waist, he pulled Kat to him and kissed her deeply.

"I'm so fucking horny," Kat whispered into his warm, wet mouth. "Fuck me now."

Not needing a second invitation, he pushed Kat down onto the kitchen table. Taking off his t-shirt, he flipped the lights off making the room dark. Kat lay on the table, her nipples now peeking through her white bra and a wet spot forming on her matching panties. He approached her, a bulge forming in his jeans. He leans over Kat gently kissing her belly, licking it all around.

Kat gasps with pleasure and her hands grab at his head to pull him closer. He continued to lick and kiss at her belly, now and again drifting down to her still clothed pussy to blow warm air on her. He grips her underwear with his teeth, pulling them down in one swift move. He flings them across the table and nosed her pubes. Kat begins to moan and breath heavy. Burying his face into her wet pussy, he reaches up to remove her bra. Kat's perky breasts spilling out into his gentle hands.

He gently licked Kat's slit once more before moving over to the refrigerator. Pulling it open, he removed a bowl of strawberries. He took out two placing one in Kat's belly and the other between her breasts. He licked at the strawberry on her belly button eating it up. He continued to lick up and down her body and finally moved onto the next strawberry. Licking Kat's cleavage, he moves the strawberry up and down between her breasts. Kat moans at the unusual sensation. He continues moving the strawberry lower and lower down Kat's body, until he reached her pussy shoving the strawberry into it with his tongue. 

Kat gasped and he could see her pussy contract with the strawberry smothered with her juices. He pushed the strawberry further inside her pussy. He covered her with his mouth gently sucking until the strawberry was in his mouth again; now covered with Kat' pussy juices. Slurping at the strawberry he sucked it down eating it and moved to turn Kat over onto her stomach. With her ass in the air he caressed it.

He gently tapped Kat on the ass, before diving towards her ass and licking it, leaving hickey all over her butt. A jar of honey close by, he dipped his finger in and smeared it over Kat's pussy lips. He then stuck his tongue deep inside her making Kat moan. He slurped his tongue deep into her pussy. Moaning out loudly Kat said, "Fuck me now."

He ripped his jeans off, his cock about to burst. Now naked, his cock sticking out big and strong. He grabbed Kat, running his hands over her inner thighs positioning his cock right at her entrance. He rubbed his head against her wetness; gently her parted her lips and slid his cock head gently in. A moan escaped Kat's lips as she felt the tip of his cock entering her.

Kat moaned louder, as he slid the rest of his huge hard cock into her pussy. As all of him filled her, she squeezed the walls of her pussy, a moan now coming from him. He began to pump his cock in and out of Kat's pussy, driving deeper and deeper with each stroke. He continued to pound away at her pussy making Kat moan louder and louder.

Grabbing her thighs, he pounded harder than ever before, grunting as he invaded Kat's body with his huge cock. Kat screamed "That feels so good baby, fuck me harder." He slammed his cock into Kat's pussy, feeling the cum build in the base of his cock. His balls slapping Kat's ass with everyone movement. Kat let out a long moan and began to orgasm wildly, her pussy squeezing onto his cock, which he began to orgasm as well. The cum spewed from his cock, the first spray going into Kat's pussy, but he pulled out letting the rest spray on her body. Just as her orgasm began to die down, he shoved his fingers into her pussy pumping them quickly, sending Kat to orgasm again.

Moaning and wiggling all over the table, Kat pulled him down on top of her and kissed him deeply. Their sweat, and cum mixing all over their bodies.