 Rachel grinned at me. "You know what this means, don't you?"

I nodded. "We have the place to ourselves, today and tomorrow."

She put the phone down, and snuggled back against me, closing her eyes. I kissed the top of her head gently, and wrapped my arms around her waist. "Pity it's still raining, or we could have gone out somewhere."

"Never mind - we can light a fire, and I'll cook us something special later."

I kissed her again, and as she shifted position, the hem of her t-shirt rode up a little. I drew my fingers gently across the narrow band of soft skin just above the waistband of her jeans, and she pulled her t-shirt an inch or so further up, allowing my palm to rest on her bare stomach. "Mm, that's nice."

I held her for a few moments, then slowly moved my hand upwards inside her t-shirt until I felt the bottom of her bra. I paused, then slid my hand further up, cupping one breast through the cotton fabric. I could just feel her nipple against my palm, but I kept my fingers still, in no hurry to arouse her further.

She tilted her head back, her lips brushing against my cheek, and I moved my free hand to cup her other breast through her t-shirt, the extra layer of fabric making the contact more comforting than erotic. Slowly, though, I felt her nipples harden under my palms, and I deliberately brushed one as I slid my hand back down over her stomach and let my fingers dip inside the front of her jeans. My fingertips found soft fur, and I gently explored the swell of her mound, tangling my fingers in the strands.

I began to move my hand lower, and I felt her smile against my cheek. She put her fingers over mine, immobilising them, and whispered softly in my ear. "Not yet... We have plenty of time, let's talk for a while."

I withdrew my hand, resting it back on her stomach. "What would you like to talk about?"

There was a hint of amusement in her voice, along with unmistakeable desire, and she stretched, pushing her still-hard nipple against my palm. "Why don't you think of something we've done that you really liked, and tell me about it."

I chuckled softly. "I always really like what we do. But if I had to choose... You remember when we went to the Lake District that summer when we first met, and you insisted on going for a ramble even though we'd not packed the proper gear?"

I could tell she was rolling her eyes. "We didn't really need all that stuff just for a stroll. And we definitely enjoyed ourselves in the end, didn't we."

"I couldn't keep my eyes off you in that short skirt," I confessed.

Her voice was amused. "That wasn't difficult to guess - the way you kept hanging back a little, so you could look at me from behind."

She put her hand on mine, pressing it against her breast. "And when we got to that kissing gate, of course we had to go through it together, and we got stuck for a bit."

I grinned. "We weren't really that stuck, were we, but it was a good excuse for me to rub up against you."

Her nipple hardened even more. "And I could tell you were pleased to see me," she teased.

"Then we decided to walk up to the rocks," I remembered.

She nodded. "I scrambled onto that big flat one, and pretended that you weren't allowed up. But you climbed on anyway, and I tried to get away, but you caught me."

I chuckled. "You did struggle for a bit, though."

"Only until you pulled me back against you, and I felt you again..." She shivered deliciously. "I didn't even have to tell you what I wanted next."

"You were the sexiest thing I'd ever seen," I said, "kneeling on that rock with your panties pulled down. I didn't even think to check if anyone was around before I started undoing my belt."

"I deliberately didn't look over my shoulder when I felt you," she breathed. "I just let you slide in, and hold my hips as you started to thrust."

"It was like being in velvet," I remembered. "The only thing I'd change is to have been able to hold on longer."

Rachel shook her head. "You know I don't mind a quickie - and you more than made up for it when we got back to the bed and breakfast afterwards."

"Hang on," I chuckled. "We haven't finished the first part of the story. I was really out of breath afterwards, and you had a huge silly grin on your face as you pulled your panties up."

She nodded. "It wasn't that much further to the pub where we stopped for lunch, was it. I was convinced someone would notice - my knees were a bit grazed, and I couldn't quite sit still because I could still feel that you'd been in me."

"I'm sure nobody guessed," I said. "And that sausage and mash was amazing."

"Then we decided to try the circular walk down the dale," Rachel remembered. "It was fine on the way out, but it got pretty steep at the end."

I stroked her stomach. "We were boiling when we got back to the bed and breakfast, and I asked you if you wanted to go in the shower first."

"But I flopped on the bed and let you go first," she said. "Meant I could watch you taking your clothes off."

I chuckled. "When I came out, I could tell straight away that getting into the shower after me wasn't the first thing on your mind. Your hair was all over the pillow, and you'd put your arms behind your head so that your blouse had come untucked from your skirt."

"I liked the look on your face when you saw me," she grinned. "I was willing you to just drop your towel and come to me."

"Well, I didn't disappoint, did I," I teased. "But I wasn't expecting you to pull your knees up so you could spread your legs."

"You guessed straight away what I was angling for, though," grinned Rachel.

I nodded. "It's another of my 'most sexy things', you straightening your legs to let me slide your panties off, then parting them again so I can see everything."

She stretched again, taking a deep breath. "And you didn't just look."

"There's something really, I don't know, primal, about just going straight down there without any foreplay at all, starting to use my tongue on you," I mused.

"If you think about it, the whole afternoon - the whole day - was foreplay," Rachel pointed out. "I'd never been more ready."

She shifted position, stretching out her legs. "You took me right to the edge almost straight away."

"I could tell," I said with a grin. "I think it was you putting your hand behind my head and pushing your hips at me that gave it away. Then when you got there..."

I trailed into silence, remembering her gasps, and the way she'd wrapped her legs around me while she rode her pleasure. "That was pretty special."

Rachel nodded. "I'm glad you picked that one to remember."

She kissed my cheek again, and gently drew my hand out from under her top. "Now, why don't I make us something to eat? Then it'll be my turn to tell a story."