 As we took our seats in the darkening cinema, I couldn’t help but wonder about his choice of film. Romance would not have been the genre I would have immediately associated with Richard, but as this was only the third time I had met him, I didn’t see I was in a place to argue.

My friends, who had decided that if I didn’t meet a man soon, my virginity would grow back, had set me up on a blind date with Richard, a couple of weeks ago. Why they were so insistent it was he, I didn’t know, but the man was fine! He was over six-foot tall, with spiky dark hair and the greenest eyes I have ever seen. He was well built, due to the rugby training he undertook three times a week, and knew how to dress. We had kissed after the first and second dates, but had not gone any further, despite his efforts.

As the film started, I could feel Richard staring down my top, as he tried the classic ‘yawn’ manoeuvre to move his arm around the back of my chair. I decided to ignore it for the moment, and concentrate on the film. Maybe later, I thought.

After about half an hour of the film, it became apparent exactly why Richard had brought me to this one. The so-called ‘cops’ on the screen spent more time naked and shagging one another than they did solving the murder! I glanced over at Richard to find his eyes glued to the screen, and a slight bulge beginning to grow in his jeans. I laughed to myself and thanked God again I was female. I was turned on too by the blatant pornography filling the screen, but at least I could conceal it slightly better than my partner could.

I was beginning to feel very horny, and a mischievous thought started to cross my mind. With my eyes fixed on the screen, I slouched right down in my seat and reached over to place a hand on Richards’s thigh. He jumped at the touch and looked at me, but I simply kept staring straight ahead. Moving my fingers slowly up, I brushed the side of the now evident growth in his jeans and left my hand resting on his crotch. Out of the corner of my eye, I could se a smile begin to emerge on Richard’s face as the realisation of what I was suggesting finally dawned on him.

There were only twelve people in the cinema, and with our seats well behind everyone else, we were pretty much concealed form their view, save them leaving to go to the toilet.

My fingers fumbled around for Richards’s zipper, before locating the tab and slowly unzipping his jeans. I reached in to the tight pants and removed his thick solid cock, which immediately stood erect in the air. He grunted loudly but quickly concealed it in a cough as the people in the cinema began to turn around. I giggled and got off my seat to kneel in front of him, not an easy task in between the cramped cinema seats! Raising my eyes up to look at him, I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out to circle the very tip of his cock. Letting out a deep breath, Richard’s hands grabbed hold of the armrests and gripped them tightly.

I continue licking my way down Richard’s shaft, one hand reaching out to massage his balls in perfect rhythm. His pubic hair ticked my nose as I reached the base of his cock, whilst my spare hand began to trace the path my tongue had just followed. Lifting my head slightly, I glanced up to find Richard staring at me, urging me to take him into my mouth. My hand continued to rub along his shaft as I bent my head back down to place a light kiss on his throbbing cock head.

“For the love of god!” Richard muttered under his breath, as I felt one of his hands move around to stroke my cheek.

Taking this as hint I finally lowered my mouth over his cock, sucking gently as I went further and further down. Emitting a deep groan, Richard pressed his hips up, forcing my head right down to the base of his prick, before I slowly moved back up again. I maintained the slow rhythm, feeling him twitch and squirm beneath me, trying to get me to increase my speed and let him cum. 

Gradually, I did speed up, sucking in quick firm stokes, listening to Richards breath quickening as I did so. My tongue began to softly massage the thick shaft each time it withdrew from my mouth. His hand snaked down between us to grab my breast, which it immediately began to massage, softly then harder until it was almost painful. I moaned my own pleasure with Richards’s cock deep in my throat, the vibrations of which caused the balls in my hands to tighten up. 

I looked up again to see Richard throw his head back in ecstasy, before the hand on my cheek, moved to grab my head and hold it still, whilst the other grabbed my breast tight. Suddenly, Richard’s cock exploded in my mouth, shooting wave after wave of hot cum into my mouth and straight down my throat. I swallowed as much as possible as the hand on my head showed not sign of letting go any time soon. Richard’s cock continued to twitch in my mouth as I sucked the last few drops out of him, before finally being allowed to free my head. 

Richard’s eyes were still closed as I sat back in my seat, and took a handful of popcorn from the bucket on the floor. 

“Mmmmm. Salted!” I said with a look over to my left. 

Richard opened on eye, gave me a hard look and closed it again. Picking the cola up from the floor, I took a long sip, as Richard finally came back to his senses. I began to swirl the straw around my tongue, mimicking the movements I had just performed on him. Catching my movements, Richard smiled at me.

“Think you’re so clever don’t you?” he laughed.

My eyes sparkled as I nodded and handed him the cup. I turned back to the film, feeling quite pleased with myself and randy as hell. 

Before I could get back into the film, a hand reached round the back of my head and pulled my face towards its owner’s mouth. Richard kissed me hard and deep, our tongues clashing against each other. I could feel the slight stubble around his mouth rubbing against my top lips as our tongues massaged each other viciously. Whilst thoroughly attending to my mouth I felt Richards hand slide under my top. He pulled back from the kiss abruptly and looked at me. Richard reached forward, pulled my top away from my body and looked down the front.

“Where the hell is your bra?” he said, eyes wide open.

I shushed him, as the couple a few rows in front looked at each other, and the glanced back.

“I don’t have one on.” I whispered, “It showed underneath this top.”

Blowing out the breath he had been holding, Richard shrugged his shoulders and resumed the kiss he had broken from, sliding his hand back up my top. I moaned into his mouth as he rolled my nipple between his thumb and finger. Increasing the pressure, he moved his mouth down my neck and along my collarbone. My right nipple was on fire; my left one was aching for the same attention. Richards’s hand graduated slowly down my body, before turning and pushing it’s way up my skirt and along my thighs. 

I spread my legs slightly, allowing Richard’s hand access to my, now, soaking wet pussy.

“Fucking hell!” he swore breathlessly. “Do you own any underwear?”

I shrugged and smiled at him. “You complaining?”

“No mam!” Richard whispered in my ear. 

He resumed his probing, stoking me gently along my slit, before massaging my clit lightly. I bit my lip, to stop form crying out. Still with his thumb on my clit, Richard began to move his finger around the entrance to my moist hole. Gradually, but firmly, Richard pushed two fingers deep inside me, and began to slide them in and out. I adopted a position similar to the one Richard had done minutes earlier, closing my eyes, arching my back and throwing my head back against the seat.

Adding a third digit, Richard thrust his fingers deep inside me, flicking my clit with his thumb. I forced myself down further onto his fingers, trying to bring my orgasm to the surface. I could feel it building inside me, just a few more thrusts and….

“What the hell ….?” I started as Richard suddenly removed his hand completely and pulled my skirt back down. Grabbing my wrist, I just had time to snatch up my coat as he dragged me out of the cinema, earning us looks from both people in the cinema and the managers in the lobby.

Richard continued to drag me along the path. 

“What do you think you are doing?”, I said breathlessly, trying to keep my balance and keep up with Richard’s purposeful strides.

He didn’t answer me, but did slow down and let go of my wrist, taking my arm instead.

We passed a small alleyway just before the end of the car park, and with one tug of my arm I found myself in there. A couple of strides further along, Richard turned me so my back was against the wall and stared straight into my eyes. The apparent need for one another was reflected in both our faces and became more urgent as we gazed at each other. With a sudden movement, Richard kissed me hard and deep as he pulled my skirt up around my waist and I undid his zip. 

The sound echoed down the alleyway as he slammed his cock into my aching pussy. I scream out loud with delight as Richard began to pound into me, my back pressed hard against the wall. Wrapping my legs around his waist to get his cock further into my hot cunt, I pulled down my top, letting my breasts spill out. Richard took the initiative and bent his head down to take my nipple in his mouth. Richard persisted in fucking me as hard as possible, making sure I knew how much he wanted me. The frustration felt from being denied my orgasm previously came flooding back to the surface in the form of exquisite pleasure. As he bit down on my nipple, I felt my pussy contract and cried out as I came hard on Richard’s cock. I begged him to hold still, to let me ride this orgasm out, which he did, but Richard did not let go of my nipple. The feeling of sheer satisfaction raced through me from my head to my toes and made me shudder with delight. My juices were flowing good and fast, leaking down my thighs and drenching Richards’s balls.

As my breathing began to steady, I rested my head on Richards’s shoulder, as he kissed the top of my head. He pulled out of me, but kept a knee firmly wedged between my thighs. Cupping both my tits with his hands he kissed both nipples in turn, before gently chewing on each one in turn. I groaned again and tried to pull his head back up to kiss me but to no avail. Richard continued his kisses down my body, until he came to his knees in front of me. 

I rested my hands on his head as he nudged my legs apart again and let out a long moan as he took my all-too-sensitive clit in his mouth and sucked hard. I felt Richard’s tongue lick at me, lapping up my juices as they ran down my legs. I ground my pussy down onto his face, begging for more, his tongue probing me. As I sensed Richards tongue enter my delicate hole, I raised one leg over his shoulder driving him into me as far as possible. I began to raise and drop my hips in time to Richard’s tongue thrusts, bringing myself closer and closer to a climax.

I could sense my knees begin to shake, as I begin to cum again, still seeking more from Richard. With his tongue catching my clit again, I came on Richards’s face. He continued to lick at me throughout the waves that followed, cleaning me up until I was practically dry again.

A car pulled out of the car park, it’s lights gliding over us as I released my leg and Richard rose from the floor. I glanced at him, mouth open in shock but he simply shook his head, indicating no one had seen us. I realised that I didn't care even if they had, this was the best fuck I had ever had in my life and it still wasn’t over.

Grabbing his head, I pulled Richard around to face me. I looked deep into his eyes and he leant to kiss me once again. I could taste myself on his lips, on his tongue, the sweet taste of satisfaction. Reaching down I rubbed my hand against Richard’s throbbing cock, still hard and strong against me. I pulled away from the kiss and raised an eyebrow in question.

Before I had the chance to read the response on Richard’s face, I was spun around to face the wall. I rested both hands on the cold stone and bent slightly at the waist as his hands pressed on my hips. I could feel the tip of Richards prick press at my tight entrance before he jerked his hips and filled me again. His hot breath blew against my neck as I adjusted to having him back inside me. 

Richard began to thrust forward, long hard strokes, which reached the very depths of me. I let out a short cry as he pumped harder into me, settling into a strong rhythm. Our bodies moved like clockwork as we ground against each other, both driving for the ultimate end. My arms began to ache with the pressure of holding myself upright against the pounding I was taking from behind. Richard moved one hand onto my shoulder and was pulling me further back against him. A gasp escaped my lips each time I felt and heard his balls slap against the top of my thighs.

Suddenly, I felt Richard pull out of me before his cock moved upwards to press against my arsehole. I was not an anal virgin, but panic still filled me at the thought of a prick that big up there. 

“Please Richard!” I begged. “Not there.”

“I want to feel you tight around me.” He rasped in my ear. “Let me do this.”

Realising the was little I could do to dissuade him, “Please though. Go slowly!” I finally relented.

Richard pushed forward persistently, my pussy juices aiding his efforts, but I nevertheless felt the pain of my arsehole being stretched open wide as he inched into me. Richard groaned loudly as his balls finally pressed up against me and I surrounded him with my heat. He moved slowly to start with, allowing my body to accept what was happening. I look the weight back on my hands, as Richard moved his hands back onto my hips. 

As he began to find a rhythm, I finally started to relax, and even pushed my hips back to meet Richards’s shaft. His thrusts got harder and more persistent as we went on, continuing to fill my tightest passage. In all honesty this turned me on, and I was soon begging Richard not to stop, to keep fucking me harder.

I couldn’t take anymore and reached one hand around to my clit. A few short rubs and I felt my third orgasm rupture within me. I cried out loud and shook with the force of the sensations racking my body. The orgasm made my pussy and my arse contract in spasms and my knees almost give way. Behind me I vaguely heard Richards warning before he thrust hard once more. He let out an animalistic moan as his cum flooded into me. I could feel each spurt, hot and deep in my tight ass. The remnants of my orgasm milked his cock, squeezing every last drop of cum out of him. I fell against the wall, with Richard falling against my back, both panting with both exhaustion and a deep sense of satisfaction. As he softened up and pulled out of me, I could feel his thick cum leak out of me. 

“If you had told me you were that willing, I wouldn’t have bothered with the popcorn!” Richard breathed in my ear. I laughed and turned to face him.

“Imagine what would have happened if you had bought me a large size instead!” I smiled and kissed him once again.

Needless to say, we saw each other for a while longer!