 It starts out with me lying back in a chair, half sitting up. I'm not sure how we got here or ended up like this, but my legs are spread and you are licking me so good already. Your strong arms are reaching up and grabbing my breasts, kneading my nipples. The tattoos on your arms are a stark contrast to my pale skin, and looking down at you while you're pleasing me is so fucking hot. 

One hand slides down my body and you slide a finger inside me, curling it up and rubbing my g-spot while you lick my clit. The other hand is holding me in place, because I am trying to squirm and find some release. You're so strong and it feels amazing to push against you, and to still have you overpower me. 

I feel my orgasm building, and I think you can feel it too, because you focus in on exactly what I like- the rhythmic tongue, the stroking finger, and you hold on tight while my orgasm rocks me, licking and rubbing me as I call out your name. 

I am shaken- it was so intense and I am still trying to catch my breath. But you are really ready to play now, and I can see the look in your eye as you climb up my body and kiss me hard. I can taste myself on your mouth and it is such a turn on, but you don't kiss me for long. 

Instead, you stand up between my legs and line your thick cock up with my pussy, teasing me with just the tip. I am so wet already, so ready for you, but you're making me wait and it's driving me crazy. Finally, you notch just the head in, and as I feel how big you are, I get a little nervous- but I want it, I need it. 

You withdrawal slightly, so you're just at my entrance, and then you slam into me, hard and all at once. It's a little shocking, but so fucking hot that you can't control yourself anymore. You grab me by my thighs and pull me closer, throwing my ankles up on your shoulders as you pound into me, your balls slapping my ass with each thrust. 

I can't believe that I am building again so fast, but I am, and this next orgasm is even more intense than the first, having you fill me so full, giving my tight pussy something to squeeze around with all my might as I jump off the edge. The free fall lasts so long this time, I am almost dizzy, but you are still not done with me. 

You slow your pace, but still slowly fuck me, letting me catch my breath again but with a teasing glint in your eye. I can see in the smirk on your face that you're pleased, but want more, and I decide right then and there that I do, too. I like letting you have the control, letting you be in charge. While I know that we care about each other, I also know that I am yours at this moment just for pleasure, and you can do anything you'd like to me. And not only will I let you- I'll want it as badly as you do. 

Somehow, all of that is communicated the moment we lock eyes, and just as I feel the warmth spread through my body at our connection, you flip me over, pull my ass up in the air towards you and begin again. You're a machine and I cannot believe there is more to be had! This is my favorite position of all, though, and you push my chest to the bed with one strong hand and hold my hips in place with the other. This rubs me so good on the inside, it hits me exactly where I need it and as I reach down between my legs to rub my clit, I can tell this is the orgasm that is going to do me in. 

You pound me mercilessly, over and over, and as I am building again, this time I can feel your cock grow even bigger. I arch my ass out for you, just the way I know you like it, and as I start to come again, I feel your cock start to jerk inside me, filling me with your cum as you finally find your release. Your orgasm seems to go on forever, and even though I am spent, I meet each of your thrusts with eager enthusiasm. 

Eventually, you slow your strokes before you pull out of me. You lean over me, and I can feel your strong chest, damp with sweat against my back. You put your arm around my chest and kiss my shoulder before whispering in my ear, "That was fucking amazing." I smile to myself, thinking the same thing, before we both fall on our sides, and I snuggle my ass up to you before falling asleep in your arms.