 This is a continuation of "What Happens When You're Away"

She knocked softly on the heavy wooden door, and a minute afterwards, it was opened. She closed the door behind her and in a second her back was pressed against it - his lips upon her neck.

"You took too long, baby" he whispered, "I got hard all over again just thinking about how many ways I'm going to fuck you tonight."

She took his hands and pressed his palms against her nipples, arching her back against his touch and she pulled him closer for their first kiss. He continued to squeeze her breast, moaning softly as her hand slid down between them, and began massaging him through his boxers.

"Hey baby?" She whispered in her innocent, but coy voice.

"Yes Mary?"

She hooked her fingertips into the waistband of his boxers and lowered them just enough to see the tip of his swollen cock peaking out, then decided she needed to see the entire shaft. As she sunk to her knees to help him out of his boxers, she couldn't resist licking a small bit of precum off the head of his cock. As she stood again, his eyes looked her expectantly, awaiting an answer to why she had called him coyly. She then wrapped her right hand around the base of his shaft, licking her lips and gripping hard, gently stroking as she looked into his eyes.

"I really wish that I could feel this is another warm, tight place..."

He moaned.

"Where do you want my cock, baby?"

She continued to whisper as she took her thumb and circled the head of his cock, rubbing the precum down the first inch of his shaft.

"I want to feel you inside me, honey. I wish you would put your cock right here..." she said as she took a step towards him and pressed the head along the length of dripping slit.

"Put me inside you, Mary. I want to be buried deep inside your sweet body."

She whimpered as she felt herself get even wetter from hearing him speak to her like this. She took his cock even closer to her hole, rubbing the entire thing along her smooth pussy lips to get the shaft wet, teasing her clit with it before taking a step back so she was once again against the door. She arched her back and lifted her hips, slowly and deliberately sliding the first inch of his cock inside her.

He groaned and kissed her deeper. Sliding his tongue inside her waiting mouth as he tried to push even more of his shaft inside her tight pussy. She pulled her hips away, causing the shaft to begin to slide from her body...showing him this was going to go the way she wanted it to. Once she felt he got the idea, she once again pressed her hips against him, pushing the next two inches inside. She stopped to feel how full he was making her already; she loved how she could feel her cum already on his shaft. She loved how her cum was already spilling from her pussy and sliding down her smooth lips, running between her thighs and down her ass.

"God you're so tight baby, I love being inside you," he whispered as she continued to fuck herself on his shaft. She dropped her hips down so that his cock slid all the way out of her body, then looking straight into his eyes she bit her lip and moaned loudly as she grabbed his ass and thrust his enitre cock inside her. She whimpered as his lips found her nipples, flicking his tongue across them and biting them gently as their rythem increased and slowed as she thought necessary. She found herself moaning every time his cock thrust up inside her, and whimpering when he took it away.

She began to tell him how she wanted to cum - how close she was and how should couldn't wait for her pussy to bathe his cock in all her juices.

She told him she needed him to lay down, right there in the foyer.

"I want to feel my pussy spasm around you while you thrust deep inside me, I need to feel you fuck me."

He hovered over her, tonguing her nipples as he felt her body responding to every thrust he made. Her pussy got even more moist when he started a rythem between licking just the tip of her nipples, and pushing the length of his shaft against her clit as he pulled his throbbing cock from her body. She could feel his balls, now coated in her cum, slapping against her ass as he began to tell her, between breaths that he loved how well his cock fit against her smooth, wet inside. Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore. She flipped him over, and straddled herself over his body. She placed her arms on either side of his head, looking down at him as her nipples dangled against his lips. She looked down at him, sliding his cock up and down her slit as he sucked, telling him that she wanted the head of his cock to feel just how wet her pussy was. 

"God Mary, I feel it. Just let me cum, honey. I want to explode deep inside your tight little snatch."

"I love it when you talk to me like that, baby. I love it when you just fuck me like I'm your slut."

He flipped her body over, and started to go to town on her body. Fucking with blinding speed, and groaning finally as she was whimpering his name, her pussy spasming around his cock, and milking every last drop of salty cum from his balls. 

Panting, she asked,

"Can I called you the next time I'm left alone and horny?"