 As I pull up to the house, the sun begins to set. On the horizon is an orange hue, signaling dusk. Overhead, the sky is blue and whiffs of clouds float through the air. I step out bracing myself on the door. My knees are trembling in anticipation. I can hear the beating of my heart in my ears. I clear my throat. Unsure and yet knowing what's to come. My walk is purposeful as I approach the door. I press the doorbell. And wait. It seems like eternity as I stand there. Thoughts going through my mind. Anxiety sets in. Yet, the thrill is there too.

The door slowly opens. I'm anxious to see your face. And there I see your brown and sensual eyes. Looking at me. Studying me. Not sure yourself if I am the one. You say my name, and I reply. Your lips, soft and passionate, forms a smile. Your eyes smile at me in a devilish way. You motion me inside with your slender fingers. I follow you instinctively. As I enter the living room, I finally gaze upon your body. You stand there before me in the most translucent of negligees. Concealing and revealing at the same time. The delicate fabric clings to every sensuous curve of your body. The beating that was once emanating from my heart is now pounding in my ears. My scrotum tightens as I clear my throat. 

Not a word is spoken as my eyes feast on the sight before me. Your negligee is invitingly short, barely concealing the petals of your flower. I can't help myself but gaze longingly. You take my hand in yours and lead me to the couch. You sit down before me, slightly parting your knees. I continue to gawk at you, my heart pounding, my pulse racing. My body is hot, tiny beads of sweat forming on my forehead and lips. You stare flauntingly at me as you lean back and rest on the cushions. You slowly take your hand, and trace the outline of the fabric on your chest. Your breasts rise and as you sigh deeply. Your buxom expanding, your nipples growing hard and jutting through the finely thin fabric. My eyes continue to relish upon your tasty treats. 

Your legs part more, revealing the smoothness of your skin. I can see your lips partly open, moist in your wetness. The folds of your skin are so inviting, so delectable. You slowly trace your finger around your hardening nipple. Our eyes are locked in lustful gaze. My desire is almost too much to bear as my lips are moisten by my tongue. My knees shudder as I lower myself, your legs parting more as I kneel before you. Your shaved pussy fully exposed, glistening with your juices. My lust overwhelms me. I lower my head and lightly trace your lips with the tip of my tongue. You feel so smooth and velvety. Your taste so succulent. My mouth waters as I begin to feast on your flower. 

I press my tongue against you, eliciting a resounding groan from your lips. My tongue enters, parting your savory lips. My curiosity gets the best of me, as my tongue bounds to and fro. Exploring every crevice inside your lustful tunnel. Darting from side to side, hungrily swallowing your juices as they gush from your pussy. Tasting you, nibbling on your lips, swallowing you whole. Your hips begin to gyrate as you pull my face harder onto your lips; imploring me to go deeper with your ever increasing moans of pleasure. My tongue extends as far as it can into your hole, flicking from side to side, up and down. 

I press my tongue hard on your clitoris, making you shudder in your pleasure. Your nostrils flare, as you moan out my name. You scream "YES!!" as I roll your clit between my teeth, brushing its tip with long strokes from my tongue. Pressing harder on it, then sucking harder. I insert my finger into your pussy. At once it is covered with your thick, gooey juices. I pump my finger in and out as I lick and suck on your clit. Your hands clutching my head, pulling on my hair. Your legs shudder in the air with your toes pointed and tense. Your whole body beginning to convulse as my mouth and tongue continue their tawdry dance. 

As your breathing becomes more labored, you gasp for air. Your teeth clinched tightly as your pleasure mounts. The muscles in your stomach and thighs strain. I continue to lick and suck as your whole body trembles before me. You are almost there, your face grimacing in utter delight. Your moaning and groaning becomes higher and longer, almost a constant wail. You blurt out, "OH YES, OH YES!!" over and over again, higher in pitch than before. My fingers pump faster into you as you approach your climax. First one, then two ... then finally three fingers, slick with your juices. 

The pleasure is almost unbearable. Your body twisting, wrenching. You shudder, and then convulse violently. Your words become incomprehensible. You groan hoarsely, barely able to breathe. Your pussy tightens around my fingers. Your juices flood down my hand. Your clitoris expanding and contracting between my teeth. I gulp down your wetness, so sticky and thick. Pungent in their flavor, but sweet to my taste. 

And as you begin to subside, I lift my head to look on your contented face. Your nostrils still flaring. Your eyes partly closed. You open them to look at me as you release your grip on my hair. You smile as you see my mouth covered with your cum. You watch in delight as your juices drip from my chin. You moan softly as I lick my lips knowing I enjoyed your taste. 

I move up over you, bracing myself on my hands and knees. You reach down and hold my cock in your hand, so hard and throbbing. You squeeze hard, feeling me pulsate in your hands. You stroke its full length, feeling every ridge and bump on its shaft. You raise your lips towards mine, placing your other hand behind my neck. You dart your tongue out and taste yourself on my lips. Our tongues meet and entwine in a hot and passionate kiss. Licking and nibbling, swallowing your hot and sticky juices that continue to drip from my chin.

You push me back to where I sit down. My legs part for you as my member rigidly stands at attention. You stare at it, noticing it twitching. As you grasp its length in your soft hands, you feel it throb and swell as I moan with approval. Wetness begins to seep out its eye as you slowly stroke it up and down. You take your finger and rub the juices around its crown. The head is all swollen and purple with blood. Your mouth waters just gawking at it, your eyes fixated on its purple hue. 

You lower your head, placing your lips on my throbbing head and licking the wetness that continues to ooze out of its eye. My moaning increasing in loudness as you suck harder and harder. You grip my hard shaft in your hands, stroking it up and down with an ever increasing pace. My balls begin to tighten as your tongue circles my crown. Licking its underside and then the prominent ridge that forms on top, paying special attention to its eye. 

My muscles begin to tense as you continue your firm massage on my member. My breathing becomes hoarse as I gasp for air. My hands clutching your silken hair, impaling your soft and wet mouth on my rigid staff. My groaning increases in tempo. It’s intensity doubling every few strokes of your hands. I become short of breath, gasping for air. My muscles stiffen, tensely packed under my skin. Abruptly my body shudders as I let out a bestial moan. White, hot liquid rushes from my cock, splattering inside your mouth as you bob your head on my cock. 

You increase your grip on my shaft, stroking it harder and harder. I shoot out another string of my seed in your luscious mouth. You gag and tremble as you try to take it all. You continue to pump me, milking me of all that I have. You swallow what you can, relishing in the warmth and saltiness of my cum. Some dribble down the sides of your mouth, dripping from your chin. The rest cascading down my shaft; lubricating your hands as they continue stroking me. My body continues to tense and convulse as I eject what’s left of my hot liquid in your mouth. 

As my breathing begins to return to normal, you raise yourself and our lips meet once again. I taste myself on your lips, hungrily darting my tongue in and out of your mouth. Our hands wander over our bodies, caressing here and there. We find ourselves in a passionate embrace, kissing and fondling each other. Your hands tightly knead my ass as I rub and squeeze your voluptuous breasts. The pleasure we’re experiencing re-ignites our carnal desire. 

You reach down before me, holding me in your hand. You slowly stroke me again, my shaft growing harder and expanding. You rub its head, juices still trickling out of it. I take your nipple in my mouth, devouring it, sucking it. Both our breathing shortens, almost gasping for air. Our pulse quickens as our bodies glisten in our sweat. The urge is too great to ignore. I gently push you on your back as you part your legs and rise them high. I am immediately consumed with lust as I behold you before me. My cock is erect and twitching in the air. Your eyes show the lust raging within you as you look intently into mine. We both know what we want, what we lust for. 

I grab your ankles as they dangle in the air and spread them wide apart. My cock twitching before your gaping hole. I lean forward, entering your moist lips. I insert just the head, pleasure engulfing both of us. Your close in pleasure, savoring the moment. There is only one way to satisfy such wanton abandon. I pull my cock out, just enough to hover over your opening. Then I brace myself for the onslaught that’s about to begin.

I lunge forward, with the full weight of my body, impaling you with my cock. It enters hard and fast causing you to gasp loudly. You are delirious with desire as I pump my hips forward and back, my cock entering and exiting your dripping and swollen pussy. I continue my onslaught, more forceful than the last. Our bodies covered with sweat, our hearts pounding audibly. We find ourselves in a piston like motion, you raising your hips to meet mine in a lustful crash. My cock drives into you, farther and farther into your pussy. The air is filled with our groans and our moans, ever increasing in their pitch. 

The threshold is upon us as we continue our erotic dance. We fuck faster and harder, faster and harder. Our skins slapping together louder and louder. You dig your fingernails into my skin as you pull me towards you. Our moaning becomes one, rising higher and higher. The pleasure we’re experiencing is almost too much to bear. Our faces contort as our frantic pace reaches it’s climax. 

Muscles straining. Tense and taut. We finally attain our release as we both let out a lustful scream. Our bodies convulse, tremble and shudder in the intense pleasure we’re experiencing. Your pussy contracting and squeezing my cock as it explodes inside you. Our fluids mix as wave after wave consumes us so. Exhausted we feel , so intense was our lovemaking. With our breathing subsiding, we begin to relax. We lay there almost lifeless, reveling in the heat of our passion. Our sweat covering us from head to toe. 

We gently embrace, my cock still inside you. We kiss passionately as the thumping of our hearts return to normal. We lay there, kissing and caressing as we gently descend into a blissful sleep.