 As I sit here in the bathroom at work, with the visual playing in my head as I stroke my cock to relieve the tension of Sarah. I just could not believe I was at her house less then an hour ago going down on her. I stroked my cock slowly enjoying the memory of my tongue licking at her clit as she moaned in pleasure. I stifled my moans seeing as how I was in a public restroom. Man I wish my job had private bathrooms. I started speeding up on my cock as I remembered fondling her breasts through her bra until finally I came, finally relieving the tension since all I did at her house was satisfy her.

I quickly washed up & went back to work with the memory still etched in my head. So many years of friendship, so many years of being in love with her. And now I was able to cross that hidden barrier between her & I. For years I had always thought to myself, even wrote it in my journal, that if I started something up on Sarah, she would not stop me. And we both tested each other this day since she was unhappy in her marriage. But the big question now lied ahead...would we stop at today or would we keep going?

I did talk to Sarah several times since that day on the phone, but our talks were normal. That is, until she decided to tell me flat out, "We need to talk about the other day."

So we talked. We both admitted that we enjoyed it & I admitted that I had always wanted to do that. We also admitted we were both curious as to how the other one was in a sexual manner. The conversation ended with me telling her that I had opened up a Pandora's Box & I did not want to close it. I ended that comment with, "And something tells me you don't want to, either."

And she agreed.

After that, we just left it alone, never bringing it up again. We hung out a few times at her house & in public, but nothing happened. It also helped that her husband was home the times we hung out at her house. Then on a Friday night, he happened to be at work late that night & Sarah & I were hanging out, watching TV. We sat on separate ends of the couch like we always do when we're together, watching TV. But as I sat there, I wondered what was on her mind. The thoughts of what I had done to her the other day were running through my head. The visual of her black bra were fresh in my mind, as my hand fondled her breast. I got up to go get a drink & asked Sarah if she wanted one. When I came back, I handed Sarah her drink & sat down on the couch. She sat up to drink hers, but moved closer to me. 

We both sat there, watching TV, close to each other, when she decided to place her hand on my knee. I started wondering if this was a sign or if she was testing me now. Would that hand go up higher if I shifted my leg? Would she go down on me this time? And if she did, should I just take it or should I go further? I excused myself to go to the bathroom with the thoughts racing through my head. When I came back & sat down, her hand went right back to my knee. I truly felt this was a test on her part now, but decided to go a different route to test her back. Instead of shifting my leg, I turned towards her, leaned in, & kissed her on the lips. She responded by kissing back with the smoothest, silkiest lips I had ever felt. I reached my arm around her to hold her as our mouths opened enough for our tongues to intertwine with each other. She wrapped her arms around me & we sat there on the couch, kissing each other with a passion I had never felt before. Sarah was really enjoying this, as she ran her hand up & down my back. 

After about a 15 minute make out session, we decided to stop & I just sat there with my arm around her shoulder. She excused herself to go to the bathroom, as I leaned back on the couch, thinking, "Wow! That was the greatest kiss I had ever gotten!"

I had waited so long to kiss those lips & now I realized that the best things really did come to those who wait. And as luck would have it, her husband came home while she was in the bathroom. Naturally, I figured things would not go any further tonight so I admit to being bummed. He visited with us for a little bit, but then went to bed because he was tired from work. In the meantime, Sarah decided she wanted to go for a walk to check the mail & invited me with her. 

As we walked to the apartment complex mailbox, Sarah reached out & held my hand while we both walked in silence. I thought to myself how nice this felt & how much I loved her. But I also thought that sadly, with a husband, she couldn't be 100% mine or even my girlfriend. When we got to the mailbox, she shuffled through all the junk mail & I decided to take her by the hand again & kiss her some more. It just felt magical kissing her in the darkness. She also realized how late it was & said she was tired & wanted to go to sleep. So Sarah walked me to my car, again holding hands, & I was getting ready to leave. Her car was actually parked next to my car, so we stood at her car talking just about anything that came to mind. Then I decided to kiss her again, as she returned the kiss, this time with tongue.

We stood next to the car, as I held her in my arms, kissing her. I ran my fingers through her hair as she held me tightly to her. I glided my hand down to her ass as I began rubbing her ass through her pants, but I decided to go one step further. I glided my hand around to the front as we kissed & reached my hand up, fondling her breast through her shirt. Sarah responded with a slight moan through our kiss & I knew she was enjoying this. So I decided to bring my hand under her shirt & find a way under her bra, as well. 

We stood there in the parking lot, with me pushing her against her car, & for the first time I was playing with her breast with no clothes. She continued to softly moan as her hands leaned back, using the car as support. I then trailed my hand down her stomach to her pants, where I undid the button of her pants. I slid it down into her panties to once again feel her pussy. I took my other arm to reach around her, as I held her up with it, & my other hand down her pants, fingering her pussy. She rested her head on my shoulder as she moaned into my ear. For the first time ever, I got to hear her moan my name as I fingered her. 

Things got better, as she undid my zipper & used her hand to pull my cock out of my pants. Sarah started kissing my neck as she stroked my cock slowly. I felt like I was truly in heaven, as we both stood next to her car while she stroked my cock & I fingered her pussy. We both let out soft moan, as her hand played with the tip of my cock & my finger ran up & down her clit. After several minutes of this, I pushed her down onto her car & started fingering her faster. Sarah continued to moan as I pretty much had her spread on the hood, my index finger inside her wet pussy while my thumb played with her clit. 

Suddenly, we were interrupted by a loud noise above. We quickly stopped & both of us zipped back up. There was a helicopter circling above, using a spotlight to locate somebody. We used this as the time to realize we needed to stop doing what were doing, but Sarah suggested we get in her car.

As we both got in the backseat of the car, we started kissing again. Holding her in my arms as she kissed me, Sarah brought her hand down to bring my cock out again. As we continued to kiss, I took my tongue & starting outlining her mouth with it. Meanwhile, she stroked my cock softly & gently. It felt so good having Sarah stroking my cock, that I started moaning her name. Sarah then took me by surprise, as she stopped kissing me & went down to start sucking my cock. She started nice & slow, licking each side of it as she fondled my balls. I took my hand & placed it gently to the back of her head, as she wrapped her lips around my cock, slowly working her mouth up & down my cock. It felt so good, as I again moaned her name. Sarah took her hand & started stroking my cock as she sucked it now, working it slowly as she paid an extreme attention to the tip of my cock. 

After a few minutes of her sucking my cock, I noticed her other hand was fingering her pussy. At that point, I decided I did not want her hand pleasuring herself & I took her in my arms, laid her in the backseat, & I looked her in the eyes with, "I'm going to give you what I have wanted to give you for so long."

I inserted my cock into Sarah's wet pussy, as she moaned my name & wrapped her arms around me. I started bringing my cock into her as far as I could go & started working her pussy. The wetness of her pussy made it feel so good. I lifted up her shirt to expose her breasts & latched onto nipple as she begged for me to fuck her. I continued fucking Sarah's pussy, not realizing the small space of the backseat was causing her to bang her head on the door window. The weird thing was, she was enjoying that even more. 

I stopped sucking on her nipple & went for her other nipple, as her hands held onto my head, screaming, "Oh god, fuck me Jay! Give me your cock! I need it so bad. Oh god, yes! Fuck me right there! Don't stop, please don't stop!"

This turned me on even more, as I took my mouth off her nipple & continued to fuck Sarah's pussy. "Sarah, you feel so good. My god, I love your pussy! I love you Sarah. I love you so much! I love fucking your pussy! You feel so wet! I've wanted you for so long!" was my response to her.

Sarah surprised me by responding with, "I've wanted you for so long, too! Your cock feels so good inside me! Don't stop! Please don't stop! I want your cum so bad! Cum for me! "

I continued to work my cock inside her, as I reached my hand down to play with her clit. Sarah's moans got louder as she enjoyed this. The windows were getting fogged up at this point, as I reached down to kiss her some more. I kissed her neck, I kissed her breasts, I kissed her nipples, I kissed her lips. Everything felt so right as I continued to pound away at her wet pussy, her nails now trailing up & down my back as she pushed my shirt up. 

I told her I was going to cum all over her since we didn't have condoms & she begged for it. I pulled my cock out of her pussy & started stroking myself, as I talked to her, "Oh god, you feel so good Sarah! I love you! I love your body! I love your pussy! You are the sexiest girl in the world & I am going to cum all over you!"

"Cum for me Jay!" was her response, "Cum all over me. I need your cum. I love, you, too!"

And hearing that drove me over the edge, as I shot my load all over Sarah in the backseat of the car her husband just drove home from work. I collapsed in her arms & we started kissing some more.

We cleaned ourselves up using a towel that was in my car & kissed some more before she went back to her husband for the night. I got in my car & drove home, thinking to myself, "Please don't let it be over!"

Which lead me to wonder...was it over?