 I started on my journey to happiness about nine years ago when I turned 46 and realized that my life was probably more than half over. My situation at home changed, as my wife had become, over 25 years of marriage, my best friend, with our only love making occurring each Friday evening, from the missionary position, with no variation as much as I attempted or suggested toys, oral sex or role playing. For my wife, sex was not that important to her. It was to me.

I began my journey by joining the chat site at Literotica under my Gentle George name. Because I was not very demanding or crude in my profile and comments generally wrote my messages in plain English and had respect for women, I found I was communicating with a number of friends each evening to discuss many subjects, including sexual ones. I also was traveling on business quite often at the time, being on the road at least three to four times a month, which gave me much time to chat on Literotica during the evenings in my hotel room.

I also started a log in order to keep track of my friends --since I usually only knew them by their chat names. The log is just a simple word document listing the user, and information that she has told me about herself. I would sometimes add specific comments or subjects that we chatted about.

I quickly found out, while I enjoyed chatting with younger folks, the age difference between them and me was way too great -- almost a gap in context and language. For example, I would spell out most of my words, writing almost exclusively in complete sentences. The return chat messages were usually quite brief, filled with abbreviations, and sometimes almost incoherent. There was definitely a cultural gap between my generation and the younger generation. For the most part, computers were always a part of their lives. They also thought differently about sex than my generation.

So I made a decision to put in my profile that I was looking for mature ladies 35 years old and up. Even so, because either the woman did not read the profile or did not care, I would be contacted by a younger lady, and I would usually accept to start a conversation. But if the conversation was not being productive, then I would end it, either softly or not.

I would try to get to know the woman in my chat, rather than jumping in to specific sexual activities. I found that this was quite unusual for most Literotica chats. I think it enabled me to have much more fun and productive conversations, and led to those sexual activities in future chats.

I was not looking for any particular body type or situation -- besides on Literotica it would be easy to conceal anything and present a profile or picture of any personality or type. I would believe the person for what they would say or reveal, though there were a few types of individuals I would flag because they would act abnormally.

I actually developed a routine to out these individuals. If a woman approached me in the chat room for the first time, and wanted to immediately jump into sexual activities, it would draw my suspicion that the person was an 18-year-old boy playing a woman. Sometimes it was the language that was too childish for a 45 year-old woman. Or the person was unfamiliar with a major historical event that they should have lived through (Kennedy assassination, moon walks, birth of MTV, etc.). 

Anyway, if I thought I was chatting with a 18-year-old or a guy playing a woman, I would ask them if they would answer one very personal question. Sometimes they would not, and I would then end the conversation. But if they agreed to answer my question, I would then say to them, "how do they masturbate?" Just asking this question would sometimes trigger a rather violent response, which just confirmed my suspicion. Sometimes they would question me on what I was really asking, so I would get very specific, asking them how they actually masturbated, the techniques that they used (one hand with other hand pinching their nipples, two hands on their clit, etc.). Of course, most women use both hands on their bodies, and most men use only one (so that they can hold the magazine) -- and the suspected 18-year-old boy usually gave themselves away, and I was able to glean whether or not I was chatting to a male or female. Oh well.

Anyway, I would specify in my profile that I was looking for a mature woman to chat with. Again, I would not say no to a younger woman wanting to chat, and I did get to meet a number of nice younger women over the years.

From the many chats, I became familiar with a number of women, and we would move to having more conversations over the telephone. Not necessary phone sex calls, but just talking to each other, especially from folks who did not grow up with computers.

I did mention that I traveled a lot in the earlier years, and luck would have it, I would sometimes find myself near the location of one of my new online friends. I would suggest meeting at some public place, perhaps meeting for dinner. Sometimes we would work out having a meeting, sometimes not. I was never pushy, if the stars aligned, then we would have a good dinner and see how much we really got along, or not. And it often led to other fun activities.

I did find that I gravitated to two primary types of women. One was a married woman who had a similar background as I (husband was not interested in sex for various reasons). The other type were women who were single, sometimes divorced, who were confident in their life and looked to spice things up -- and were non-judgmental. For the divorced crowd who were judgmental about me cheating, I would usually not become chat buddies with.

So my intent is to share several of my adventures over several stories with you. I do plan to make them spicy and interesting, unlike this brief introduction.