 Travel Motels; Such boring places to be in, but exactly right for what I need ... I'm far from home. No-one knows me here, or cares about me or my life. 

I'm a nice girl and I know I'm playing a dangerous game. But I can't help myself. At twenty five the danger is the thrill and the thrill is what I need, what I'm desperate for. The anticipation of this is what makes my legs tremble and the butterflies in my stomach flip, what makes me wet just thinking about it.

I sit in the eatery and wait for something that may or may not happen, dressed smart-casual in a floral summer dress and cork heels. A light dinner is enough, a glass of wine to follow. I look busy on my i-pad to pass the time as the sun goes down outside - outwardly just an ordinary woman in an ordinary travel inn, doing ordinary things.

I didn't see you come in to the bar, didn't see you eat. But when I do see you, you're glancing my way. I ignore you ... at first. 

There's nothing special about you. Initially nothing made me want it to be you that will be the one who picks me up. But then I realize that's why I want it to be you.

Step one; play it cool. 

Step two; wait for a second glance, twiddle hair.

Step three; you get the message, casually walk over.

I look cool calm and collected but inside everything's a-flutter. I wonder if you can hear my heart beating, it beats so loud. I look surprised when you ask if you can join me but say yes, ok. I'm not acting shy. I am shy. A shy quiet girl who wants to re-live the thrill of being picked up by a stranger.

I let you buy me a drink and we do the friendly chit chat. I don't want it but go along with it - for appearances' sake. I'm a shy girl but not one that doesn't know what she wants. The first time I did this kind of thing was five months ago, a genuinely unexpected pick up with a guy a lot older than you, a middle aged man, the first one night stand I'd ever had - and such a wonderful night of rampant sex, that I knew that one one-night stand was never going to be enough. 

I'm not looking for a husband or a boyfriend I half whisper, and at first you don't understand. I don't care who you are or what you do. I don't want to know anything about you, I interrupt you, and you fall silent for a moment, a little less sure of yourself. I like that. That hint of vulnerability goes well with your nice looks. 

My heart is pumping as I get up to leave and ask you your room number. Your mouth drops open in surprise. I ask you again and tell you I'll be there in twenty minutes. You stare at me as if I'm kidding you.

*** 

This is the first time I've ever done what we're doing now - a sixty-nine. It wasn't what I was looking for but now I'm glad of that. It felt like the dirtiest feeling ever when you roughly pulled me into this position and now I know it is. 

I love the taste of your cock, and how I feel as your tongue flicks over my clitoris and laps at my pussy. 

This is what I came here for; this feeling - I love how it feels with my knees straddled widely either side of your shoulders, my gash pulled open, wet and exposed. I love it when you put two fingers deep into me and the sensation as you finger fuck me, jolts of sexual electricity coursing through my body so there's nothing else that exists for me now other than these moments. 

I love your hands spreading my ass cheeks - I love the feel of your breath on my ass while you tongue me deeper, love the soft murmurs from your throat while I take more of your length into my mouth, love the way you grip me hard, pulling me down onto your face. 

I love it when you talk into my pussy, telling me how you're going to cum soon. I love the way you say it and I know for the first time ever I'm going to let someone cum in my mouth. I want it so badly I think my heart might burst out my rib cage it's thumping so fast, just to know I'm going to squish that stuff around my teeth, spread it over my gums and lips with my tongue. I know I'm going to savor the taste and swallow it.

I suck you with an intensity that surprises me. Your body tenses and your cock twitches. I murmur appreciation, breathing heavily through my nostrils down along your thick shaft to your balls. I suck harder, slobber over the head with my tongue and hold the base firmly with one fist. I stroke your big balls gently with the fingers of my other hand until I feel your sac start to roll. Your finger nails dig into my bum cheeks. I like how that feels and open my mouth wide, partly in pain/pleasure and partly in readiness. 

You thrust your cock upward and my eager lips clamp on it as five sudden spurts of thick warm liquid squirt forcefully over my tongue all the way to my tonsils. I love it, and I love it more feeling it trickle and slide down my throat; the thick aroma filling my nostrils as I sit up, grinding my ass down on your face, squirming my pussy over your mouth with urgency, strumming a finger over my clit in desperate search of release. It comes when you reach up and hold me by the waist and eat me out hungrily without mercy, and I look down at your chin between my legs and your slab of a tongue rolling in and over my engorged vulva, dripping juice while I gasp, shaking involuntarily.

I come down slowly. You drift to sleep. I pull on my dress and pick up my shoes, slip out the door and find my way back to my own room and into bed. I fall asleep with the aroma of your cum on my breath and the taste in my mouth. The taste of a stranger's cum. That's all I want to know of you. You were a nice guy. But I don't want you to know me. 

My heart still beats fast; I know the dangers ... but all I want, all I need, all I love at this moment is sex with strangers.