 Episode 01: The Pilot

I will start my journey by discussing my long-term friend Carol, who is a pilot for a major airline.

Carol and I first met when we both were cadets in college. Carol was in her second year at the Air Force Academy while I was in my senior year at West Point. Our group traveled by military aircraft to Colorado Springs to play the Falcons in football that fall. We arrived on campus about 5 pm, and they quickly assigned us to rooms and took us to their mess hall for dinner. Unlike our place, where we would be stuck in the barracks studying on a Friday night for Saturday classes, the Air Force cadets were free to go to town -- and this being the time when 18 year olds could legally drink, have a good time. So four of us West Pointers got into the car of our tour guide, a senior Air Force cadet, and we headed to one of the bars that doubled as a disco.

We had a great time, drinking and then letting off steam by dancing with the many women that populated the place. About an hour in, I met Carol, and we instantly hit it off. I bought her a drink, and we were constantly dancing and drinking for the next several hours. I was watching the clock a bit, as our guide had told us we needed to leave before 11:30 in order to beat curfew. Just before 11 pm, Carol and I stepped outside the bar for some little fresh air and a lot of French kissing. Like our dancing, we hit it off just fine.

I had explained to Carol that we were just in town for the football game, and was wondering if she was free Saturday evening for maybe dinner and dancing. She indicated that she would really love to go out, but would have to rearrange a commitment she had with her roommate and we would need to find someone with a car. I told her that another West Point graduate stationed in the area was planning on picking a bunch of us up in his van after the football game, and that I could arrange to pick her up, probably around 5 pm. That's when Carol surprised me by explaining that she was an Air Force cadet. We laughed a bit, and I explained that it did not bother me at all. She explained that for the last year and a half, being in the first class of women at the Air Force Academy was quite a strain, either the guys all wanted to get into her panties or shunned her considering her a butch lesbian or worse.

Meanwhile, my buddies came out and told us that we needed to head back to the base. The car that Carol was riding in had an empty spot, so I rode back with Carol and me in the backseat, getting to know each other a bit better. Nothing beside some hot necking and touching each other occurred, and we arranged to meet after the football game.

My buddy Bob showed up before the game, with beer and brats on a small propane stove, and we had a good time talking about his adventures since graduating. He had brought his girlfriend, and she looked forward to having a decent meal after the game. We won the game, an upset of sorts, and came out of the stadium and I went to our designated meeting place to find Carol. About fifty yards away, I spotted Carol, standing there in uniform with a little bag containing her civilian clothes. 

Carol stands about 5-2, weighed about 120, with 34D breasts and a relatively small butt (unlike most female cadets). She had dark brown hair, cut short to neck length per military regulations, and she was cute as a button. I was still in my dress gray uniform, but my civilian clothes were in the back of Bob's van. We hurried over to the parking lot and met Bob and Cindy, as well as four other cadets from my company. They gave me a bunch of lip about bringing a female Air Force cadet with us, but I just mentioned that she lost the bet on who would win the football game. We headed for town, and Cindy decided we would go to a Red Lobster restaurant for dinner.

When we got there, all the West Pointers changed into civilian clothes in the van, while Carol went inside and changed in the restroom. She came back to van and we put her bag with her uniform inside it, and joined the group at the restaurant. We all had a good time at dinner, with most of my buddies talking about the exploits of trying to get into female West Point cadets panties (one had definitely succeeded, and I suspected another had, besides myself, but that's another story). Carol held her own in the conversations, and told us about a few Air Force adventures too.

Cindy had lived in the town all her life, so she knew a great bar with dancing and relatively cheap drinks and lots of local coeds for our four single buds. When we got there, Carol whispered in my ear that she wanted a little alone time before going in, so Bob agreed to let us sit in the van.

The alone time was another make out session, and with a van and tinted windows, we did not fear anyone would be watching us. We got into the back, and started kissing and then Carol started to unzip me. I stopped her, saying it would be more appropriate if I served her first. She pulled down her pants and panties, and I dove in. After about ten minutes of my tongue work, she squealed to an orgasm, and I did not stop until she had another one. She then proceeded to return the favor by giving me a fantastic blow job, and swallowing when I came into her mouth.

After that, we kissed again until we both were thirsty, so we went into the bar. We found our group sitting at a couple of tables, two of my buddies had already hooked up with two blondes and the other two were working the room. Cindy surprised me by giving me a quick friendly peck on the cheek, and then realized what I had been doing to Carol. I was a bit embarrassed, but Cindy just said something like "way to go" and left it at that. After we had ordered our beers, Carol and I excused ourselves to go to the restroom to freshen up, something I guess we should have done before. By the look on Bob's and my buddies faces when I returned, I could figure out that Cindy had spilled the beans about Carol's and my little alone time.

Carol and I spent the rest of the evening dancing and barely drinking. And we got to talk during the slow dances, and we both really wanted to get horizontal, but both agreed that the van was out for reasons of comfort plus my buddies. When the slow dance ended, we headed back to the table. Carol then grabbed Cindy and off they went to the little girl's room, though I picked up a wicked smile on Carol's face.

I found out later that Carol suggested to Cindy that the four of us leave the bar once we assured that my four buddies had a way to get back to base. One of the blondes agreed that she could haul them back, and off we left. We got into the van, and Cindy barked directions to Bob. I thought we might be heading for a motel, and wondering if I had enough cash to cover a room. But we pulled into the driveway of a small house, and Cindy announced that she rented it. We went inside, and Cindy got beer from the fridge and then turned on the stereo. Cindy sat on Bob's lap while Carol and I sat on the sofa. Bob started to make out, and we did too. Cindy then whispered something to Carol, and they left the living room. Carol told me that they were heading to the bedroom and would give us some privacy.

Unfortunately, the small house only had one bedroom, so Carol and I began to make out in the living room on the sofa. Carol told me that Cindy said that was OK. Well we were making out, slowly taking off pieces of clothing, when we heard a serious of shouts that Cindy was coming from the bedroom, even though the door was closed.

I decided to move between Carol's legs, and began to suck on her clit while going up and down on her pussy, slowly inserting my tongue inside. I listened intently to Carol's moans and breathing, and figured out where she liked to be touched, nibbled and sucked on. She really liked me taking her clit into my mouth, rolling my lips around it and sucking on it. This drove her to several orgasms.

She started to move to give me another blow job, when I asked if she wanted to get on top. I lay back in the sofa, and Carol hopped right on my cock, inserting it to the hilt into her pussy. She enjoyed the penetration, sitting on top of me for about thirty seconds before beginning to rock back and forth, and my cock enjoyed touching each of her walls and rubbing against her clit. After about twenty minutes of this assault, she began a series of climaxes, what I like to call rolling, and pretty soon I told her I was about to cum. She told me to fill her cunt up. We relaxed for several minutes, enjoying the sensations as my dick began to go soft. I then rolled her on to the sofa, and dove between her legs, sucking on her clit and pussy, and tonguing her cute rosebud.

We probably would have proceeded to fucking her ass, but about midnight, Bob hollered into the living room that we needed to get dressed so that he could haul us back to base. Cindy joined us on the ride back, though I suspected that she did not have anything on under her coat and boots. We arrived about ten minutes before curfew, and I walked Carol back to her room in the barracks. I stepped into her room, and she started to turn the lights on when she realized her roommate was in the other bed sleeping. She closed the door, and we made arrangements to meet for breakfast in the morning.

Carol and I did meet for breakfast and exchanged contact information. The West Point cadets then had a formation to head to the air field, and I told her goodbye. We then flew back to West Point from Colorado.

Carol and I wrote to each other several times over the next couple of months. Her parents lived in Illinois while mine lived in South Carolina, so it did look like we might not see each other until either spring break or the summer. Our academy's spring breaks were on different weeks, so that was out. Then, Carol surprised me one night by calling me, and told me that her dad bought her an airline ticket to Chicago with a stop in New York City during her Christmas leave so that she could see some Broadway shows. So I would come down to the city and pick her up at the airport, drive into Manhattan, and we would three nights and two days together. For her parents' sake, I arranged a cover story that she was staying with a female cadet who lived in New Jersey.

I arrived at the airport, and found Carol's flight was going to be delayed due to bad weather in the Midwest. After four hours waiting, they announced that her flight to New York was going to be cancelled. This was the days before cell phones, so I had no real way to contact her, except to call her folks. Of course, her mom and dad thought that she would be staying with Debbie, a female West Point cadet whose family lived in New Jersey. So I called Debbie's house, but they had not heard from Carol. So I called Carol's parents, pretending to be Debbie's dad. After I explained who I was, her dad put Carol on the phone, and I found that after the flight was cancelled, she could not catch another flight for three days. We agreed that this would put a damper on our little vacation, so I decided to catch a flight home earlier.

Carol and I talked a number of times during Christmas vacation. And we exchanged a few letters during the next semester. I was off to active duty after graduation and she was going to have summer training in a different part of the country. My mom forwarded a letter from Carol during the summer, and I wrote her in Colorado, getting a letter that fall. Then I was off for Germany, and 14 hour days. We drifted apart. I met a woman who was teaching at the base schools, and we eventually got married.

I sent Carol a letter and a small gift just before her graduation, and a few months later got a five page letter telling me that she was going to flight school and was dating another guy and they might get married. We then would send each other Christmas cards with a long note over the next few years, keeping each other up to date.

In a late October evening in 1983, my unit was alerted to prepare to deploy to someplace in the Caribbean I had never heard of -- Grenada. We were loading in the back of a C-141 jet when someone hollered my name. It was Carol, and she was our co-pilot. We had about 15 minutes to catch up, she and I were both married, me with three kids and she without any. After several hours flying, the doors opened and we jumped out of a perfectly good airplane. Afterward, I wrote Carol a long letter and got one in return.

My next job was at Army headquarters in Washington, and it meant a lot of traveling to posts in the United States and overseas. I was probably traveling about two to three weeks each month. After spending four days at a post in central Texas, I was at Dallas-Fort Worth airport waiting to catch a plane back to DC. I noticed two pilots, a male and a female, walk past and head to one of the snack bars nearby. I looked again and realized it was Carol. I walked up and said "it's a really small world to keep running into a Zoomie who thinks she is a pilot."

"Hey, Woopster, how's it hanging?" was her reply. She then introduced me to the pilot, a guy named Steve.

Carol explained that Steve and her had just flown in, and were "on-call" to see if they needed to substitute for another crew that might be delayed into DFW. I had about two hours before my flight, so Carol and I waited there and caught up on our lives. She had gotten tired of being a "trash hauler" flying cargo planes for the Air Force, and decided to get out early this year and started flying for an airline. Meanwhile, Steve came back and told us that they were no longer needed, and he was going to head over to their hotel. Carol explained that she would catch the shuttle later and see him tomorrow morning.

Then I had a wicked thought that I told Carol, who said she was game for. I excused myself, and went over to the desk and changed my flight to tomorrow morning. It did not cost anything, and then Carol and I caught a cab to her hotel. I went over to the bar while she checked in, then she came by and told me her room number, and suggested that I give her a half hour to get freshened up before I came to her room.

I waited 27 minutes and then headed for the elevator. After getting off on the seventh floor, I found her room and knocked. The door opened. Carol was wearing her airline uniform blouse which came down to her hips, and nothing else. I hugged her and began to kiss her, closing the door behind me. She quickly got my uniform off, and we fucked for three straight hours before taking a break. We took a cat nap, and then I woke with Carol sucking on my cock. I then discovered that my fingering her that night in her arse at Cindy's house had led her to experiment, and she quickly became an anal babe. Her husband was so lucky. Well I got about two hours sleep that night.

I left her room for the airport, with information on how to check on Carol's flight schedule. For the next couple of years, we were able to meet four more times as our travel schedules coincided. Then I was reassigned to another combat unit.

After spending a few months in Panama we moved back to North Carolina, but then in August 1990 we got alerted to move to Saudi Arabia as Saddam had invaded Kuwait. I was at base operations reviewing our flight plans when I ran into a cute Air Force Major. It was Carol, who had been called up in the Reserves to fly our unit overseas. We did not fool around that time, but I did see her once while we sat in Saudi for about six months getting ready. And we did not waste that chance.

Back in the states for a few more years, with three business trips that coincided with Carol's flight schedule for the airline. I then got the chance to spend a year in the former republic of Yugoslavia and try to keep the two rival groups from killing each other. My, I thought I was back in the old South, I never saw so many lynchings.

By this time, I had done my twenty years, and with the downsizing of the Army by the first Bush presidency, it looked like a lot of overseas assignments into the future, so I decided to retire and look for a civilian job. Because of all the briefings I had done, I found a job that required some travel and lots of stand up comedy (called corporate training), and they actually paid good money for me to do it.

And with the advent of the Internet, it makes it a lot easier for Carol and me to coordinate travel schedules. We do try to stay overnight at the same place once a month.

My civilian job was interrupted by the second President Bush when I got recalled to active duty in 2005 with an assignment in Iraq. I was assigned to a joint Army-Air Force base about 90 miles north of Baghdad. About six months into my year, I got an email from Carol, who was going to have a four month tour flying C-130s, with her unit being assigned to the air base across the runway from our Army camp. I will save those stories for another time.

I'm back to my civilian job, but things have changed and I don't travel as much. Carol and I do meet about twice a year though.