 "No, no, a thousand times, NO!" 

"Oh come on, you're the quietest of us, you're a natural at this!" Lisa said. 

"This is bad. I mean, even for you, it's just spectacularly BAD," Sara groused. "And I wasn't even there as part of the bet, so why do I have to do it?" 

It was mid-spring, and the choir from Franklin High had gathered for a weekend retreat at a summer camp that rented out during the off-season at the base of the Cascade mountains. Sara was 18, a senior from the Alto section. She was about five seven, with black hair falling to the middle of her back, and creamy tanned skin that reflected her Polynesian ancestry. She tossed a strand of hair over her shoulder and had her arms crossed, determined not to go down from the peer pressure without a fight.

"That's why." Deb grinned, "You weren't there, you didn't get a say. Besides, it's tradition. One girl and one boy is chosen, and the one who makes it back first has to buy the pizza. We do this every year." 

"Forget it! I'm not running around in the middle of the night and risking a detention for something I wasn't even a part of!" Sara snapped. 

The girls in her cabin merely looked at each other in amusement. "Well, if you don't want to do it we can always run your bra up the flagpole," Lisa said.

Not relishing the idea of being humiliated in front of the entire choir, Sara sighed, "FINE. What do I have to do again?" 

"Sneak into the boy's cabin and steal a pair of underwear and get back here by midnight." 

******

So of course, after the teachers had made sure they were all in bed and had lights out, she was crouched in the bushes beside the cabin on a cold, drizzling, dismal spring night, watching the beams of the flashlights swinging back and forth across the compound. Sara ran that scene over in her head again and kicked herself again for giving in. She flicked some of her hair, that was already damp, out of her face. Her pajama top and jeans were getting soaked and her thighs were getting sore from crouching. The boy's cabins were on the opposite end of the compound, beyond an expanse of open muddy lawn in between.

The flashlights of the patrolling teachers were fading, and she stood up slowly. She rubbed her legs to get the blood flowing again, and with her heart pounding, she started moving across the edge of the compound. She stuck to the edges and the shadows, trying hard not to step and slip in the mud or rustle any of the underbrush and attract attention. It was right then from the opposite side of the compound, another dark shape moved. She stopped and crouched again, biting her lip. It was a person, she was sure, but not a teacher. They were moving the same way she was across the edge, like they didn't want to be seen. She thought it might be a boy, but she wasn't sure. 

Well, whoever they were, they obviously hadn't seen her, were coming straight for her, and they were going to trip over her in a minute if she didn't say something. Just lovely, she thought. 

"Who's there?" She asked in a loud whisper. 

The person in front of her gasped and jumped almost a foot in the air, then nearly tripped over a bush. "Holy shi--Who's there?" he whispered back. 

"I asked you first." 

"It's Matt," he whispered, sounding a bit irritated at being taken by surprise, "Who're you?" 

"It's me, Sara. What the hell are you doing?" she asked. 

"Same thing you're probably doing," he said, still sounding annoyed, "Getting blackmailed into becoming a fucking underwear thief." 

She had to giggle a bit at that. Matt was one of the baritones, and sometimes she hung out with him before and after class. She had always had a bit of a crush on him. His hair was cut just between his chin and his shoulders, dyed black with blue streaked bangs, and his clothes tended towards black and blue coloring as well. A silver ring pierced his left eyebrow and ear. He wasn't tall, only about an inch taller than she was, and his face had delicate features, with a thin and wiry build. His piercing brown eyes and a wicked sense of humor offset his small stature, and he was known for his biting sarcasm and being kind of a jerk. But he was nice to her, and always tried to make her laugh.

"Ok, so this is awkward. Are we supposed to swear gender loyalty and subdue the competition?" She asked.

"Hell if I know." 

"How about we make a deal? We go back to our cabins, steal our own underwear, and make a trade." 

"Why bother going back to the cabins? We can just take them off right here," he said, sounding mischevious.

"You're sick. I like that." 

He opened his mouth to say something, then they both heard the crunching of leaves and the scuffle of shoes. A beam of a flashlight was turning around and starting to walk back their way. 

"Oh shit," he swore softly, "Come on, let's go to the storage shed, we can hide in there." 

"Where's that?" Sara asked. 

"It's down the back trail, come on." He said, grabbing her hand and pulling her along. The people with the flashlights seemed to pick up that they were there, and Sara tried not to slip in the mud or trip over any of the hidden tree roots and rocks in the dark. Then they finally saw the looming shape of the storage shed. They were both breathing hard by the time they got there. 

"Help me find the door," He said, and they started running their hands over the wood of the old cabin. They could see the flashlight coming through the leaves down the trail. Finally they found the latch and scrambled inside. The one room of the old cabin that was now being used for storage was cluttered with stuff. There was a spare bunk with mattresses, some blankets, boxes of lightbulbs, campfire utensils, a shelf of cleaning supplies, and not much else. 

Matt secured the door while Sara fumbled with blankets and hauled clutter around that could hide them. She wedged herself down tight behind the spare bunk, pulling what she had gathered around to camouflage them. Matt slipped in beside her, helped her arrange the junk so it looked haphazard, and then huddled with her in the dark corner. It was a tight fit, and she ended up on the floor underneath him. They were pressed together like white on rice as they heard shoes crunching along on the opposite side of the wooden walls. Sara could hear him breathing hard in her ear, and smell the rain, mud, and forest that was clinging to his clothes. She took a moment to inhale his scent. Underneath that, was a hot, musky, undefinable smell, something warm in spicy, that she couldn't quite place. Then she realized it was him. She was so close, she could smell him. The unique scent of his skin made things low in her body tighten involuntarily, in spite of the circumstances. 

Matt hissed softly for quiet, since she couldn't quite see what was going on, as the teachers came to check the shed. The door creaked open and she saw from under the bunk the flashlight beam waving over the wood floor. They held their breaths and scrunched down tight behind the bunk. It was very uncomfortable, but they held still, and finally, the door clicked shut and the sound of crunching boots faded into the dark once more. 

They both let out a sigh of relief and did an awkward shuffle to get off the floor. Sara sighed and sat down on the bunk, the plastic mattress hissing out air and a musty scent of mold as she did so. "Now what do we do?" 

"I don't know," Matt said, sitting next to her. "I think we should stay here until the teachers go to bed." 

"Me too." 

They clicked on their own flashlights to get a little light going, and she could finally see his face. His multi-colored hair was lying in thick strands from the damp, and the light of the flashlights enhanced his long lashes and full lips. He was wearing a black t-shirt and jeans, both also wet from the rain. Sara stared for a minute, suddenly very aware that she was in an abandoned storage shed, alone, with a very cute guy. He looked at her and she could tell the same thought had struck him. There was an awkward silence and Sara cleared her throat and rubbed her palms on her jeans. 

"So, now what?" She asked again.

He rubbed the nape of his neck, twisting it this way and that to loosen it, and leaned forward and hooked his elbows on his thighs. "I dunno. I guess we talk, it's not like I thought to bring a deck of cards on a panty raid." 

She laughed and leaned back on her elbows on the mattress, "Me neither. Though I'm kind of glad if I had to get caught by SOMEBODY, it was you." 

He turned his head around and grinned at her, "Yeah?" 

"Yeah. I'm guessing you didn't want to do it either." 

"Nah. The guys picked me because I wasn't there to negotiate my way out of it. If I'm going to do something this stupid, I'd like it to be my OWN idea." 

Sara laughed again, trying to keep her voice down, "Oh yeah, totally. I'd do it if it was my OWN idea. If you were going to steal anybody's underwear on your own, who's would it be?" 

"Yours." 

That startled her a little, "Really? Why mine?" 

"You probably wouldn't kill me for it," He said. 

"Chicken." 

"Oh, shut up. What about you, who's would you steal?" 

"Maybe Brett Stankowski's. He's got a nice butt." 

He gave a derisive snort, "Is that all you girls think about?" 

"Maaaaybe." 

"Yeah, figures." He stretched, rotated his right arm a couple of times, and rubbed his shoulder. 

"Is there something wrong?" she asked. 

"I think being stuck behind the bunk cramped a muscle in my shoulder, it feels tight." 

She reached out and pressed on his shoulder, "Oh, yeah, you've got a big knot in there. Turn around, I'll massage it out." 

"Really? Thanks." 

He turned and let her scoot in close behind him. It was common for the choir folks to do massages on each other, especially before shows, so neither of them thought a second more about it. She pulled some of his silky hair out of the way, then set to work on his shoulder. After a moment, his head drooped and he sighed in appreciation. 

"How's that feeling?" She asked. 

"Goooood." He groaned. "Keep going, I think it's working itself out." 

"Feels like it. Take off your shirt, I could work on it better that way, you're shirt is damp and not letting me slide my fingers all that well." 

He did so without questioning, peeling the t-shirt off over his head. She watched his body stretch, and his pale, flawless skin being revealed. Sara squirmed a bit, becoming acutely aware just how horny she was getting, having him this close and now half naked. She swallowed and started digging her thumbs into the knot under that smooth skin. It made him hiss and writhe, but he didn't tell her to stop. After a moment, she felt the muscle release, and started feeling for more. She finally got him to spread a couple blankets out on the plastic mattress and lie on his stomach with his head tucked on his arms. She straddled his back and seated herself on his firm butt. She kneaded and pushed, stretched, and rolled the bare flesh of his back, looking for more knots. Any excuse just to keep touching him. He moaned appreciatively, and she suddenly felt a seep of wetness between her legs at the noise. 

She leaned over and whispered in his ear, "Here, you're still too tense. Flip over, I'll do your chest too." she said. 

He turned his head and tried to look at her, "Er, no, that's ok, you don't have to," he said, suddenly hesitant. 

"Don't be silly, it's ok, my hands aren't tired yet." She said. 

"Uh, no, that's really ok," he said. 

"Turn over." 

"I can't," he said through his teeth. 

"Why not?" she demanded. 

"Well..." he said, suddenly embarrassed, "See...ok, don't freak out on me about this, but your touch is...ah, kinda stimulating." He accented the last word in hope she'd get the hint. She got it all right, and the only thing that was going through her mind at that moment was YESSSSS! 

"Oh." 

She pulled on his shoulder, "Don't worry about it, Matt. It happens." She said softly, "I'm not upset." 

He tried to turn his head more and looked up at her for a long moment, and the only sound was the rain pattering on the tin roof. Sara tried not to hold her breath. The ball was in his court, now. 

"OK," he said, turning over underneath her. The bulge in his jeans was quite pronounced. She straddled him again, sitting right on top of his erection. Matt looked at her, his expression inscrutable as she started kneading his chest. His breathing deepened. 

Sara worked her way down his pectorals and sides. His skin very smooth and devoid of hair at all except for his arms and the thin, dark line running from his navel down into the fly of his jeans. She kept working down his abdomen listening to his breathing becoming ragged. There was a split moment before she moved back and her hands were rubbing his erection.

"Sara!" he gasped as she touched him. 

"Come on Matt, we've been trying to ignore it all night, and I'm tired of doing that." 

"Jesus, Sara..." He said, his voice was tight as she stroked along his length through the denim. His hands were on top of hers firmly as if he was trying to decide whether to stop her or not. Considering the circumstances, it might not be a wise idea, but Sara had become so desperate by that point she wasn't caring that much. She decided she better do something quick to help him make up his mind, and suddenly leaned over and kissed him. He was stunned for a moment, and he seemed to stop breathing. Then his mouth opened willingly and the kiss became very sweet. His hands relaxed on hers, and she broke the kiss long enough to sit up and start unsnapping the fly of his jeans. She reached in to rub against the thin fabric of his briefs, before worming her fingers inside to touch hot skin. His erection pulsed, and she could feel the drops of pre-cum oozing out of the tip. He tilted his head back, hissing through gritted teeth, "Oh...yeah." 

She moved off his legs long enough to wrestle him out of his wet jeans with his help, before resuming her position of sitting on his legs. He lay back and watched her as she cupped him, running her fingers under the underside of his balls. She brought her hands up and licked her fingers until they were slick, before wrapping them around his cock and stroking slowly. He was so hot, he almost felt like he was burning, and she reveled in the soft, velvety texture of him. Her left hand was on the base, the other moving up and down, sliding easily. He moaned, and it wasn't long before his hips were moving too. It took a moment to get a rhythm going in sync with him moving as well, but they quickly picked up the pace from there. "Oh god, Sara...oh god...I'm going to..." he groaned, and then it was too much. He grabbed her knees and thrust into her hands, crying out as ropes of white cum shot out and landed on her hand and his stomach.

She slowed and stopped and held him as his shuddering and throbbing lessened. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her to him, and kissed her gratefully. She had to hold her hands out of the way, and giggled, "Don't, my hands are all sticky!" 

He chuckled, "I don't care." But he sat up and reached over until he found another spare blanket, and gave it to her to wipe her hands off on and clean up the mess. Then he kissed her again. 

"Thank you," he whispered against her lips. 

"Anytime," she whispered back, and their tongues entangled with each other. Sara suddenly found herself on her back with her naked lover on top of her. 

His soft black hair brushed her cheek. "Now it's your turn," He said, his voice hoarse and sounding wickedly sexy. She shivered as he kissed from her mouth to her jawline and his hands started undoing buttons of the button-down pajama top she was wearing. She tilted her head back as he nibbled at her throat. He kissed down the expanse of her pale neck while his hands slid over her satin-covered breasts, giving them a good squeeze and feeling the tiny points already poking through. He kissed from her neck down to her chest, undoing a couple more buttons and slowly peeling back the fabric, exposing her right breast. 

She moaned as his lips nudged against the hard little bud there. He flicked his tongue out and over it rapidly, making her squirm beneath him. 

"Oh...Matt...Oh!" She cried as he experimented further with pulling her nipple into his mouth and sucking on it. 

He made a humming noise around her breast as he pulled on the fabric of her pajama top so it opened completely. She was having a hard time keeping still as he turned his attentions to her other nipple, laving it to a rosy peak as well. She wasn't thinking anymore, just succumbing to the feeling and the need to feel. He sucked on her other nipple while hands trailed across her belly and slipped underneath the waistband of her jeans, over the silky curls, and dipping inside her slit. 

He fingered her wet pussy slowly for several minutes, his middle finger rubbing her hard nub and between the swollen folds. Little inarticulate noises were escaping her throat, punctuated by words like "Yes..." and "More!" She was growing wetter with each stroke, and grinding her hips into his hand. He finally unfastened his lips from her nipples and started kissing down her tummy. She lifted her hips for him so he could pull her pants off. He licked his lips, staring at her pussy, while her hands carded themselves through his hair. 

Matt closed his eyes and flicked his tongue out again, laying it flat against her soft folds, dragging it upward in a slow, ice-cream cone swipe. She could feel her hard little nubbin slide beneath it, causing her pussy to twitch and jerk, and her thighs trembled. He paused long enough to satisfy the urge to bite them and lick them as well. Sara was moaning loudly, the noise being drowned out by rain now steadily coming down on the roof as Matt went back to snaking his tongue in and out of her. He added his fingers again after a moment, scissoring them inside her. He pumped her with his hand while he sucked her clit, and finally she arched and convulsed under his lips and lay back panting as he climbed on top of her again. 

They lay together, kissing feverishly, while Matt rocked his hips, covering his cock with her wetness. He broke the kiss long enough to ask, "Sara, are you sure about this?" 

"Yes, yes, oh god, like never anything before in my life!" she exclaimed. Her hand wormed between them and gripped his cock, stroking leisurely. "Please, please..." she begged and he hissed between his teeth, letting her position him at her opening and rub the head of his penis over her clit. She held him in place as he rocked his hips, pushing his way inside her, and they gasped together. 

"Yes, yes, yes, oh yes!" Sara gasped. 

"Oh god, Sara, you feel incredible," Matt growled, holding himself up on shaking arms. Her pussy contracted around him reflexively, eager to feel more of him. Her fingers clawed down his back and sides, leaving small red lines in his skin. But he didn't move. He had his eyes closed and his head bowed, as if trying to gain control of his senses so it wouldn't be over before it even started. 

"Please, please, fuck me," she begged, pulling on him to get him going. 

He pulled back slowly, almost agonizingly slowly, before pushing back in. He did this a few times, just to make sure he was sliding easily and wouldn't hurt her. Sara nibbled on his chin, and he picked up the pace. He hooked his hands under her thighs, pulling them up and gathering them around his waist as he started thrusting into her hard enough to make her body sway.

"You're amazing...harder, please, oh FUCK yeah!" She moaned.

"Fuck, you're so tight...so hot..." he ground out. 

"Ah!" She threw her head back and cried out, seeing purple and white stars going off behind her eyelids. He nuzzled her tenderly as her breathing slowed, holding her until her spasms stopped. And after a moment's pausing to let her recover, he started moving again, harder and faster than before. 
