 This story contains sexually explicit scenes. Read only if you are of age. I enjoy reading erotic stories, writing is fun too. 

Yes, as had to believe as it might seem, my writing has actually improved! 

Also, if you enjoy reading erotic stories, support authors by letting them know you enjoyed their efforts. E-mail works!

Suddenly, I felt the cool night air; my blanket was being pulled off me. I sleepily reached for it, but it escaped my grasp. It wasn't at all like my wife to tease me this way. I looked down to the foot of the bed. 

Well no wonder. It wasn't my wife, not even close. She, the woman who was definitely not my wife, just stood there. Right there at the foot of my bed. She was wearing jeans and a long white tank top. She had the most beguiling smile on her face.

This was all very strange. Yet, for some unexplained reason, not only did I want her to take her tank top off – it's like I knew that it was going to happen. Funny. 

With practiced grace she crossed her arms over her chest and grabbed the lower half of her tank top. She slowly gathered the material in her hands. As the material bunched up, she exposed the top of her jeans, then her stomach, and more.

As she lifted her arms, it was clear that she worked out, the faint outline of her six-pack abs were proof enough. Ribs, sternum and the bottoms of her breasts came into view. When there was more of her breast below her crossed arms then above, gravity pulled them down in a most delightful manner. I quietly gasped as her nipples bounced a couple of times, my eyes following their movement.

I didn't even notice when she finished taking off her tank top. I did notice when she bent forward; her incredible breasts suspended, dark nipples lengthening noticeably. I loved the way her breasts shook as she shimmied her jeans down to the floor.

"Oh." 

She wasn't wearing any underwear. Personally, I was delighted, and somewhat surprised to see that her pubic hair was more a 'five o'clock shadow.' With her headful of long black hair and her amazing eyebrows, I would have expected either more, or less, down below. Interestingly, I found her desultory depilatory practice disarmingly sexy. Somehow it made this all seem more spontaneous.

She climbed onto the bed, straddled my legs and crawled forward. I wanted her to crawl right up and sit on my face. I was desperate to taste her but she had other ideas. As soon as she was over my hard cock, she reached down, lined us up, and sat down; engulfing me within her hot wet cunt. She leaned forward, grabbed hold of the headboard above me and began to slowly move up and down.

She was so beautiful as she fucked me. And believe me when I tell you that she was definitely doing the fucking. I loved the way her breasts shook, and the way her hair moved as her head whipped side to side. I loved the way her eyes were glassy with lust and the wayt she chewed her bottom lip. 

Her muscle control was extraordinary. She was able to rise up high enough that the tip of my cock was barely held within her and then she would slam down so hard onto my hips that bed shook. All too soon I felt the warning buzz of an imminent orgasm deep in my pelvis. Like I said, I loved the way she fucked me.

Wait a minute! "STOP!"

I struggled for control. This had to be a dream. Yes, I'm asleep having an erotic dream that's about to go wet. The last thing I needed was to wake up with my briefs filled with sticky semen. I was not interested in explaining to my wife why my underwear was getting more action than she was. 

Hold on, that might give you the impression; like maybe my wife and I are having sexual problems between us. It's just that right now, through our mutual stubbornness, we are in a battle of wills about our sex life. The result of this battle is that our sex life has pretty much come to a halt. 

Okay, first you have to realize that my wife is very conservative when the subject is sex. She is simply not interested in anything that might be construed as sexy, let alone erotic. I don't mean the physical act of sex. We have sex, or when we used to have sex, she enjoyed it, even though our bedroom activity is about as plain vanilla as it gets. 

And 'YES,' I've asked her if she would like something different. "Tell me what you want?" "Is there anything you'd like me to do differently?" What do I get for my efforts? "Oh, I like it just the way you usually do."

Right! Like she'd buy that answer it I turned it around regarding going to a restaurant. "Gee honey, why don't we go to the same place again and order the same thing." Or how about, "New shoes? You don't need new shoes, you have plenty that are just fine." No way, not a chance!

Of course, when she discovered that I've been reading erotic stories on the Internet, that didn't help the situation. She acts as if I've cheated on her. 

The result has been some absolutely epic arguments. They dwarf any of the financial, child-rearing, political points of view, family relations, travel and vacation arguments we'd had throughout our marriage. 

So within this perfect storm of miscommunication, I didn't need any more fuel on that particular fire. This is why I had to stop this wet dream - right now. If my wife found my underwear drenched in semen she'd insist I was thinking of some Internet porn-inspired "phantom" lover and we'd be right back in the thick of it, slogging through the arguments all over again. I was getting too old for that.

I began to breathe deeply and focus my mind on relaxing the muscles of ejaculation. The buzz began to subside. The efforts of my dream lover did not. She began to rotate her hips in a wildly sensual hula. I felt the buzz return. 

I realized that I had no other choice; my only recourse was to wake myself up. I slowly opened my eyes. Well I thought I did. I mean I was clearly awake and in my own bed, but I was still looking at and feeling my dream-lover. At least I think I was, because a luminous fog-like form was still moving above me. My dream-lovers face was looking up toward the ceiling as if beseeching an unseen ally for assistance. My wife inhaled a particularly loud snore and the exhaled an incredibly long sigh. My dream-lover looked over at my wife's sleeping form and then down at me.

The expression of shock on her face was clearly visible as she realized I was awake and looking right at her. I heard her voice within my head. "Close your eyes, go back to sleep."

I didn't, n o fucking way. She told me again and I refused her again. The worried expression on her face was replaced with one of real fear. "Close your eyes, you're not supposed to see me."

But I could see her, if fact, not only were her features becoming clearer, but and I could feel the increasing weight of her body. She shook her head and began to plead with me to close my eyes. "Please, you must! You have no idea what you're doing. This is not supposed to happen! Close you eyes, please!"

It was happening though. As our gazed remained locked, she became more real. The bed began to squeak and bounce with her efforts and she was forced to stop fucking me. I felt the enveloping heat of her cunt as she settled fully onto my hips. A woman, a gorgeous, beautiful woman was in my bed, astride my hips, with my cock buried deeply inside her. Damned if she didn't look like a young Catherine Zeta-Jones, you know, before she hooked up with that old guy. 

Her shoulders slumped, her back bowed, and she exhaled a frustrated sigh. She gave me a look of disgust while slowly shaking her head. She released her cunt-hold on my cock, got off the bed and walked towards the bedroom door. She flicked her head for me to follow. It was only after we were safely in another room that she spoke.

"Do you have any idea what you've just done? Do you?" She was even more beautiful when she was angry. I reached out and touched her face, to see if she was real. She was and she didn't recoil, or even try to step away. She actually leaned into my hand.

"You look so hot." I let my hand slide down to her breast and diddled her nipple to hardness. It was a trip to see her eyes blaze with anger as her body responded like she was some kind of horny little slut. "What are you? Who are you?"

"I'm a succubus." She sighed and rolled her eyes, "I'm your succubus." She must have mistaken the sleepy expression on my face for confusion. "A succubus is a demon of the astral world. I have astral sex with men. Look it up in fucking Webster's if you want." 

"Don't get all angry at me..."I was grappling with the whole situation when it struck me. She had said that she was "my" succubus. Mine. The furious fire in her eyes was frightening, but that didn't stop me from slipping my left hand between her legs. Damn she was wet as she writhed on my finger. You should have seen her expression - pissed!

"You have to do what I want, don't you?" She groaned when I added a second finger. "That's why you look the way you do, because it's what "I" like. You can't refuse me either, can you?" The look of utter despair was obvious. "Why haven't I seen you before?"

She looked down at my bandaged right hand. I'd recently been diagnosed with dominant (I'm right handed) Dupuytren's Contracture, a disease of the hand. Surgery had been just over a week ago. I didn't see the connection. 

She looked at me with a world-weary exasperation. "What haven't you been doing for the last couple of weeks that you've been doing almost every freakin' day for, oh let's say, since you were thirteen?"

I blushed at the clear reference to my near daily masturbation habit. But since the hand surgery and because my right hand was covered in a bandage, I just couldn't seem to do it left-handed. I looked at her sheepishly.

"You have no idea how long I've waited for this opportunity. I need semen, preferably slightly aged, three days to a week old would be nice. Finally, I have a shot at getting some and you wake up." She looked down at her nude corporeal form. "God. I am never going to hear the end of this." 

I guess my look of utter cluelessness was question enough. 

"Hello? It's not like the astral world runs on oil from the mid East. We need cum - nocturnal emissions. It's not like I can't just swing by the drive-in at McDonald's for some sperm."

I was feeling a little embarrassed. I tried to rally a defense. "What about when I shower? Obviously you know what I do..." I made a fist with my left hand and stroked it back and forth. "I mean I do that almost every day, you said so yourself."

"Do you think that I'm the only sex-entity on this whole fucking planet? We work in teams, I have the asleep dream shift. The awake shift is handled by your muse. Your fucking day muse is living the good life. She gets all the jizz from your daytime fantasies and your incessant whacking off. Then, when it's finally my turn, you fall into a dreamless sleep. Even when you do dream, it's hardly ever about sex. I'm stuck trying to live off your weird memories of childhood and those ridiculous super hero fantasies of yours."

I asked her about what happened tonight. She reluctantly told me that she hadn't noticed me waking. Normally she would've "moved on" in the moment just before waking. My wife's snore had distracted her and when she'd looked down at me, our eyes locked. That was when things began to go wrong, because I saw her ethereal form.

She told me that if only I had closed my eyes, or even blinked, she would have been able to go. The fact that I maintained eye contact forced her to take corporeal form. She looked like she did because that was the strongest female image in my mind. A form she said could not be released until sunrise. The last statement barely made it out of her mouth before she moaned in orgasm. I pulled my fingers out of her and smiled my best, "what a good boy am I" smile.

"My orgasms don't count. I need yours." I seemed to be a moment behind the curve, no matter what I did. A particularly loud snore and sigh erupted from my bedroom. My succubus looked longingly toward the sound. I asked her what that was all about. She tried to pass it off saying it was nothing of interest to me. I insisted on her telling me.

"Alright, but you're not going to like what you hear. Your wife's incubus is in there with her. It sounds like he's really giving it to her tonight." It was my turn to be stunned. "Yeah, you heard me, you have me and she has him. Every time you hear your wife do that deep snore and sign, she's having a dream orgasm. Sometimes when you're dreamless I get invited to join them. Your wife has one wild fantasy dream life." My succubus glared at me. "I should be so lucky."

I was incredulous as I recalled years of hearing my wife snore like that. My wife has a fantasy sex life? No fucking way. I'd asked her years ago if she ever fantasized and she'd said "no, not really, nothing very exciting, just holding hands kind of stuff." And I believed her! Now I was the one getting mad. "She dreams about having sex with another man?

"Better get a grip on yourself. Make that other men and what the fuck do you think I look like? She enjoys sex with women too – she is into some very hot and kinky stuff." She fanned her face.

"Shit! After all of these years. And she's the one getting on me about some porn sites? While she's getting fucked silly every night?" 

My dream-lover was looking at me like I was denser than uranium. Damn! "You said you had to maintain this form until sunrise? Right? And you have to do what I want?" I glanced out the window and realized that sunrise was just a couple of hours away.

"Lay down on the floor. No, no. I want you to kneel and give me your top of the line, A+ blowjob."

"Finally!" She knelt down and I stepped forward. I soon realized that I had never had an top of the line, A+ blowjob. My succubus did things with her mouth, lips and tongue that were positively mind boggling. I came quickly in a knee-buckling orgasm. My spent cock slipped from her mouth and Kat (I decided to call her Kat because of her resemblance to Catherine Zeta-Jones, but you probably already figured that out) swallowed noisily – which was very hot to see and hear.

Kat reached out and lifted the tip of my cock. When she let go, it fell limply against my swollen scrotum I told Kat that I might be able to get hard one more time before sunrise. Kat smiled and tickled my balls. "No way. I am going to drain these empty." 

I didn't believe her until she grasped my balls in one hand and reached between my thighs with the other. She tapped hard three times on my perineum, I was surprised as my cock became erect.

We fucked in dozens of different positions, including a number of variations of '69.' I have always enjoyed cunilinguis and I gave Kat my best effort. It was easily the greatest fuckfest of my life. It didn't seem to matter how many times I came, she would do her perineum trick and I'd be ready to go again.

Toward the end of our night together she had me in some crazy tantric yoga position, something straight out of the Kama Sutra. I was sitting on the floor and she was sitting on my cock with her legs wrapped around me. We weren't moving externally at all. She would clench her cunt and then I would flex my cock, all the while we were trying to breathe in unison. It was incredibly intense. 

I could tell by the lightening sky outside that our time together was nearing its end. It had been wonderfully satisfying, except that in the back of my mind there was a tiny spark of desire, of a need unmet. She fixed me with her gaze. "You can have it if you want it. You know your wife will never give it too you. Go ahead, take it."

"Are you sure? I mean I want to, I'm just not sure that I can come again..." I had come so many times I seriously doubted that there was anything left.

"Oh, I think we can coax one more out of you." Kat tickled my balls, and then laved me to delicious erectness. She rolled onto her back, pulled her knees up to her chest, and exposed her little brown starfish to me. I kneeled and placed my cock at her anus and pushed slowly forward. The tightness and the heat were mind-boggling. I watched entranced as the full length of my cock disappeared into her ass.

"It's nearly sunrise, you don't have much time. Fuck me as hard and as fast as you can." I bent forward first and kissed her. I smiled at her, "Thank you. Just in case we run out of time."

I began to fuck her vigorously. Minutes passed all too quickly as I pounded into her ass. Kat urged me onward and I finally felt that familiar buzz within. We were in a race to the finish as Kat bucked her hips and clenched her ass around my cock. It was almost sunrise and I was just about there.

"Yes! Yes!" I felt that pre-tingly buzz increase! My orgasm built to dizzying heights. I felt my cock swell mightily and I leered at Kat beneath me. She was smiling back at me with expression of supreme confidence. She pursed her lips and blew an air kiss at me.

"Gotcha." 

I came in great spasms of ejaculation.

I awoke to the stickiest, soggiest mess in my briefs ever!

That little succubus bitch had tricked me. It had all been a dream, a dream within a dream. Oh she was good. She was really good. I chuckled softly to myself. I wasn't through with her yet. I wasn't sure what I'd do, but a guy can dream can't he?

Fully awake, I peeled off my briefs and wiped my crotch clean. I looked over at my sleeping wife and I though about my dream, about what my succubus had said.

I moved closer and began to touch my wife. I decided to give her a thorough morning maul. I hadn't molested her in the morning for years. My hand slid up under her pajama tops and caressed her breast. I felt her nipple harden and the softest moan escaped her lips. I slid my hand down across the bulge of her stomach.

My fingers moved through her pubic hair. I felt the cleft of her cunt and pushed my finger between her thighs; at least I tried too. She resisted me at first, keeping her legs tight together. I persisted and I felt a growing wetness as a result of my efforts. 

"Don't...please. Later, okay?" I heard her clearly enough. But there was no way I was taking a simple "no" as an answer. She could get out of bed if she was serious. Finally, in angry exasperation she moved her legs apart and said, "Fine...just be quick about it!"

I rolled over onto her and slide down between her thighs. She tried to dissuade me, but I was insistent as I licked and kissed her cunt. She said she wasn't going to cum and "would you please just finish."

I moved forward and slide easily inside her. I started fucking her slowly, nearly pulling completely out and then slowly filling her. Because of my own recent orgasm, I was not likely to finish anytime soon. Her body began to respond and a slight moan escaped her lips. She even began to buck her hips.

I slide back down and tongued her again. She didn't try to dissuade me. This time her stomach muscles started fluttering (there is no way she can fake that!) indicating that she was moving toward orgasm.

She came with a cry and I slid back up and in – fucking her hard as she writhed and bucked beneath me. She moaned through another orgasm. I was amazed (that hadn't happened in years) as I felt her cunt clench and spasm around me. I came soon after.

We were silent for a while. Then she said that she loved me. I told her that I loved her. But something still didn't feel right. Even though we were both satisfied, there was still a tension between us.

She leaned over and kissed me. "I need to shower, I can feel you dripping out of me already." There it was, I could feel us slipping into our old habits and patterns. I was about to let her go, when I had an inspired thought. I took hold of her hand and pulled her back to me.

"Tell me about your dreams last night." She started to dismiss my inquiry. "They were sexy dreams weren't they? I could tell they were by the way you moved and moaned..." She looked at me with a combination of curiosity and embarrassment. 
