 “Ellen. Wait.” I jumped up and ran to her office next to mine.

“I can’t believe what I just saw, Edward. And you of all people.” 

“Let me explain, Ellen. I think I can anyway….I’m not too sure….” My voice trailed off as I really considered how I would explain what just happened and even if I could. 

“Ok, it’s getting late. I’m leaving now. Stop by the house on your way home and we’ll talk then and see if we can make some sense out of this.” She said. 

I returned to my office and straightened up my desk, picking up papers and books that had been knocked to the floor during our passionate lovemaking session. 

“Damn, what is wrong with me?” I admonished myself. “Here I am in my mid-fifties banging for the second time a teen-ager like I was one myself. And she says she’s carrying my child!!” 

Then the reality hit me. “Oh my God! She’s pregnant with my child!” The words kept screaming in my head. “Oh my God! Pregnant! Teen-age girl! My child.”  The room began to spin and I felt nauseous. I sat down and put my head on my desk. “Oh my God…..” The spinning stopped and I lifted my head to look directly at the picture of my wife and daughters. “Oh my God….how am I going to tell Lauren this one?” 

I grabbed my brief case and papers and headed out the door. While walking to my truck I thought, “OK, I’ll go over to Ellen’s and ask her…maybe she can give me some advice, some guidance on what to do.” I had known Ellen long before I had even started teaching. In fact, she was the one that had given the recommendation that landed me the job. She and I had been great friends for several years, and we had spent many hours talking, laughing and I spent more hours consoling her during the rough times she had while her divorce was in process. Ellen was a fun person and I always enjoyed her company and respected her opinion.  Her house was on the way home from school and both Lauren and I had been there many times. Lauren used to kid me how Ellen was flirting with me and wanted to take the relationship a little further, but as far as I was concerned we were only friends.  

I arrived at Ellen’s house only a few minutes after she did. 

“Hi, come on in,” she said. “Get a beer out of the fridge and make yourself at home. I just want to get out of these heels and stockings.” 

I went to the kitchen and grabbed a beer and then sat down in the living room draining the bottle. Ellen came out with a bottle of rum. “I think we might need something a little stronger than beer for what we are about to discuss,” she said. “How about I mix up some Margaritas?” 

I agreed because I knew I needed something strong to settle me down in order to even think about discussing what had happened. We went into the kitchen and made small talk while Ellen got out the blender and mix and ice and began making the drinks.  

“Ok, the first one’s the toughest,” she said and handed me my drink. I threw it down in one gulp. “Hey, you are upset,” she said and poured another drink. It disappeared as quickly as the first. 

“Ok, let’s slow down here,” she told me as she poured a third drink. This time I took my time drinking it, but it was gone in less than three minutes. “Shall I just hand you the full pitcher?” she asked, laughing. 

“No. No. I’m feeling calmer,” I said. And indeed I was feeling a little calmer, and a little warmer. “Ready to talk?” I asked. 

“Sure. Go sit on the sofa and I’ll bring the pitcher into the living room.” 

I sat down on the sofa. Ellen followed behind me and placed the pitcher of Margaritas on the coffee table. She leaned over causing her shirt to open up some and I couldn’t help but glance at her breasts. She was about fifteen years younger than I was in great shape from years of playing racquetball. We had played many games of racquetball with sometimes her winning, sometimes me winning, but having a fun time each game.  

“Like what you see?” she teased me. 

“Busted,” I replied. “Yes, I like what I see. Very nice.” 

“OK, now tell me what happened this afternoon in your office.” 

I told her the whole story, from the beginning where I had taken Michelle over my knee and spanked her to where we had sex in the classroom to the now astonishing news that Michelle was pregnant with my child and I even told her that when she walked into my office, I was beginning round two since I had already fucked the girl only minutes before. I confessed my passion and desire for this young girl and how I didn’t know how to stop it. Ellen said nothing, but kept my glass full and I lost count of how many drinks I had. 

She got up to go to the kitchen to make some more Margaritas. “Oh Edward. I don’t know how you are going to get out of this mess.” She said. She walked behind the sofa and placed her hand on my shoulder. Damn. You are stressed out about this. Your shoulders are hard and full of knots.” 

“Yes. I’m very stressed out about this,” I replied. “I don’t know how I am going to tell Lauren and don’t know what to do about the impending birth of my child.” 

Ellen began rubbing my neck and shoulders. “Oh, that helps a little,” I said. I thought I should be feeling pretty relaxed because I was feeling kind of numb in my feet and hands and there was a slight buzzing in my ears. I closed my eyes and let Ellen massage away the tension I had. 

“Here, lay down on the sofa and I’ll give you a really good massage.” She said. 

The room was feeling very warm and I was beginning to feel fuzzy and very obliging. I laid face down on the sofa and she came around, kneeling in front of me, rubbing my neck and shoulders. I must have dozed off because I could hear Ellen calling my name but it seemed far away and muffled. 

“Turn over,” she said. I turned over onto my back and she began rubbing the front of my neck and my shoulders. 

“Here, it’s easier if I do it this way,” she said, straddling me. 

I closed my eyes, enjoying the massaging and rubbing and feeling myself becoming very relaxed when I felt Ellen’s mouth on mine. I wanted to say “Hey! Are you crazy or what?” but I couldn’t seem to get words to come out of my mouth. I tried to push her away but my arms felt very heavy. She continued kissing me, pushing her tongue into my mouth and once again I began to feel a familiar warmth and stirring in my groin. 

Ellen began to rub my arms, my chest, my stomach and my thighs. Her hand would brush against my dick and I knew she could feel the stiffening. 

“Mmmm, what’s this Edward? Just glad to see me?” she asked laughing. 

Her movements became bolder and soon her hand was rubbing my cock through my pants. She undid my pants, freeing my dick and began rubbing it bare, bringing it to complete hardness. 

“So nice,” she murmured rubbing the tip and feeling the pre-cum. “Bet you would like this….” she said as she bent down and took the head into her mouth. My dick was sore from fucking Michelle’s extraordinary tight pussy and ass but the pleasure Ellen’s mouth was bringing soon made me forget the pain. 

She was an expert at this...placing just the head in her mouth, teasing with her tongue, licking the shaft up and down, then taking my entire dick in her warm soft mouth. I don’t know how she managed that and at this point didn’t really care. I was just enjoying the incredible feeling of her mouth on my cock, driving me wild. 

“I’m going to cum….” I said. 

She continued her assault on my dick, gripping the shaft with her hand and massaging my balls all the while her mouth creating such a sensation I knew I couldn’t hold back any longer. I began thrusting my hips up and grabbed the back of her head. Releasing a moan of pure pleasure, I shot my hot cum into her mouth. I continued to thrust my hips, fucking her mouth, filling her mouth. She continued sucking my cock until I was spent and flaccid. What a blowjob. This woman could give lessons. 

“That was great,” I said. 

“Glad you enjoyed it,” Ellen replied. 

I tried to lift my head off the sofa but the room was really spinning now – I couldn’t tell if it was from the drinks or the fantastic head I had just received.

“Oh, my head…the room…” I said. 

“Just relax. It will pass,” she told me. “A cool shower might help clear your head. Come on with me.” 

She pulled me up and helped me walk to the bedroom. I was groggy – not really feeling myself. 

“Here, let me help you get out of these clothes.” She removed my clothes and there I was standing naked in front of her. She turned and quickly removed all her clothing, revealing one exquisite hard body. Small, but firm breasts with turned up nipples, flat stomach, firm thighs and an ass that could rival Michelle’s. But what held my eyes the most was her completely smooth shaven pussy. 

She pulled me into the shower and the cool water did feel good. I felt like my head would start to clear now. She began to soap me up, spending a lot of extra time with my penis. 

“Oh Ellen, don’t bother,” I said. “It’s dead in the water.” We both had to laugh at that pun. 

“No problem,” she said and continued to wash and rinse me off. “Here, can you get my back, please?” she asked, holding out the soap to me. 

“Sure.” I said and began to wash her back. Her skin felt so soft and slippery and I began to wash more than her back. My hands washed her tight ass and firm breasts but what I really wanted to wash was her smooth pussy. I rubbed her stomach and put my hand on her shaven pussy. It was like satin, so soft and smooth. She moaned and gyrated around as I washed her silkiness and parted her legs to give me easy access inside her. My fingers found her wet and snug. I traveled back to her ass and pushed a finger inside. Her moans got louder and she grabbed my cock, stroking it back to a life I didn’t think it would have again for months! 

I rinsed us both off and took her to her bed, still dripping wet. I had to taste that silky smooth pussy. I pushed her back on the bed and spread her legs, exposing that hairless object of my desire. I had never been with a woman whose pussy was so beautiful. I was glad to see there was no hair covering any of this naked jewel. She was so wet I could smell it. I put my mouth down between her thighs and lightly kissed her pussy lips. So very gently I began to lick her. What a sensation – to lick a bald pussy – to part her outer lips in order to get to the inner sanctuary of her womanliness. 

Her clit was hard and protruding and I teased it with my tongue till she was screaming in ecstasy her pussy juice dripping on my face, running down my chin. Spreading her wider, I drove my tongue into her vagina, tasting her delicious juices. She was bucking her hips and crying out, having back to back orgasms. 

Looking at her great body and eating out the most gorgeous pussy was doing a job on my battered penis. It didn’t seem to care that it had already fucked a teenager both in her pussy and ass, nor did it care that it blew a wad in Ellen’s mouth, it just knew is was getting harder and harder to the point of being painful. I had to have relief and I knew it was right under me. 

I brought my head up to Ellen’s breasts, the nipples already swollen and hard, taking them into my mouth. As great as they felt in my mouth, the pressure to relieve my hard cock took precedence. Wasting no time, I filled Ellen’s pussy with my cock, reveling in the knowledge that it felt as fantastic as it looked. I pounded her hard and she could take every thrust and answer with one of her own. We fucked like two animals in heat, hard and long, until we exploded with simultaneous climaxes.  I collapsed on top of her, feeling that I couldn’t move a muscle in my body. 

“Edward?” 

It was as if some one had thrown a bucket of ice water on me and had lit a fire under me at the same time. I spun around and literally flew off of Ellen’s body to turn to where the voice had come from. There was Lauren, my wife, at the bedroom door. 

…to be continued…