 You drive to my home after a long week. You are both physically and mentally exhausted, yet you hope that your energy level picks up, since you have been really horny and look forward to a long night of lovemaking. 

Just as you stop your car, you notice that I am already there. I greet you as you open the door of your car, and I hug you warmly as I kiss you passionately. I carry your briefcase and your purse as we walk inside, then take your coat from you. 

You begin to speak, but I silence you with my mouth over yours, whispering to you first...

"Don't say anything...you are all mine tonight...!"

As I kiss you, I begin to slide your clothes off gently, starting with the jacket of your business suit, then your blouse. As each part of your body is exposed, my mouth tastes you, starting with your neck and shoulders. As I unclasp your bra, My mouth closes over your nipples, sucking each of them into a rubbery stiffness. 

Now I reach down to your skirt, unzipping it and letting it slump to the floor. As I help you to step from it, I kneel down and slide your heeled shoes off, massaging your tired feet as I do. I roll your pantyhose down next, kissing your pussy gently as I slide it down your legs.

I lift your leg over my shoulder, so that your pussy is just at my mouth. You lean back against the wall and enjoy the touch of my tongue as I explore your folds. With a sudden intensity, my mouth centers over your clit and I suck you in, letting my tongue strum rapidly against your stiff nub. My hands reach around behind you, pulling on your ass cheeks as I fuck you with my tongue, and soon you moan softly in pleasure. Within minutes, your climax approaches you, and suddenly it floods through you, leaving you panting and rocking your pussy against my mouth.

I stand up and kiss you, then lead you to the bathroom. I turn the shower on, letting the room begin to fill with the hot steam, and strip my own clothes. You see my cock, already hard with anticipation for you, and reach for it... but I whisper to you...

"Not now... this is all about you...!"

I lead you into the shower, where I steer you under the hot water. As it beats down on you back and forth, I turn you, so that the hot water can explore all of your body, the way that I like to. When I am finished, I stand you facing away from the spraying water, with your hands on the shower wall, as if I was a cop telling you to "assume the position"...

I lather my string hands generously, then begin to wash you. My fingers start at your shoulders, then follow along your arms as I spread the soap onto your soft skin. As I wash you, my hands massage you, soothing your tired muscles and relaxing you.

I move down to your back, washing and kneading your skin in the same manner, before sliding my hands around and cupping your breasts. I stand against you now, with my hard cock vertically against your back, and my strong thighs against your ass. My fingers enjoy your breasts for several minutes, pulling on your nipples, then squeezing your soft flesh.

My fingers trace down your stomach, and find the soft curls of your pussy. I pour hair conditioner into the palm of my hand, then warm it before spreading it through your hair. I wash your pussy hair carefully, teasing your clit as I brush against it. I pull myself tighter against you, letting my cock slide against your soapy back. One set of fingers caresses your breast, while the other set of fingers plays with your pussy. As I lightly pinch your nipple, I stroke your clit in small circles, and I hear you moan in enjoyment. My teasing continues as I suck on your neck, and I can feel your arousal growing. Starting with a slow trembling in your legs, your second climax rolls through you, leaving you shuddering and gasping against the wall of the shower.

I release you, then kneel down to wash your legs as you recover from your pleasure. I lift each one, running my soapy fingers from your toes to your ankles, then along your calves, then up your thighs. Finally, my soapy hands cover your ass, kneading your flesh as I enjoy the feel of your cheeks. 

To complete my work, I shampoo your hair. I turn you to me, and you tilt your head down as my fingers massage your scalp. Before you close your eyes, you see my hard cock jutting towards you, and smile in anticipation of my thick shaft in your pussy. I gently wash your hair, then enjoy the sensation of my fingers running through your slippery locks. 

Finished now, I turn you to the water and rinse you thoroughly, using my hands to help brush the soap from you. You stand there with your eyes closed, feeling considerably more relaxed than just 30 minutes ago...

I turn the water off, then reach for a soft towel. You stand there, arms at your sides, as I dry you, patting you gently with the towel. Once you are all dried off, I take a blow dryer, passing it over you and letting the warm air completely dry your skin. When I am finished, you watch me as I towel myself off quickly, then throw the towel over the shower rod.

I kiss you deeply, then take your hand and lead you to the bedroom. I sit you on the edge of the bed, then gently lay you back, making you comfortable with pillows. I kneel over you, straddling your upper torso, they take your hands up, spreading them over your head. I lean forward, taking each of your wrists and securing it to the headboard with silk scarves. As I do, my hard cock dangles deliciously in front of your face, but just out of reach of your wet mouth...

You do not resist me as I tie your wrists, but playfully squirm under me, turning your head from side to side as I try to kiss you. I hold your head straight, then plant my mouth over yours, sliding my tongue between your lips. I kiss you passionately, rubbing my hard cock against you as I do.

Now I move back, and admire your naked body... you look so delicious. I move between your legs, sliding your thighs over my shoulders as I kiss your pussy.

While I rushed you to your first two orgasms, now I will be patient. Very slowly, I let my tongue trace your lips, almost making you beg for me to go faster. I don't... but instead tease you mercilessly. My tongue slowly slides inside you, fucking you in slow motion as I taste your sweet juices. I suck your clit into my mouth gently, feeling you shudder in pleasure as my tongue rubs lightly against it.

I bring you close to cumming several times, but each time moving away from you before you can reach your peak, and your moans are filled with both passion and frustration. Your pussy is as wet as I have ever seen it, and my face is slippery with your juices. I finally relent, and return my mouth to your pussy...

With the flat of my tongue, I rub slowly against your clit. As the minutes go by, the pace of my tongue increases, as does the pressure that it passes to your clit. Your hips rise up to meet my mouth, and my tongue on your pussy feels fantastic. Within minutes, I can feel your legs quivering, before your body explodes into a hard climax. I continue to lick your pussy as your body convulses in pleasure, until you finally slump back into the bed...

I move up now, so that my knees are just at your shoulders. You see my thick cock hanging down, with a drop of clear precum oozing from the tip. I don't even speak, but grab the base of my cock and aim it to your open mouth. I watch as your tongue quickly flicks out, sucking in the sweet drop, before it bathes my cock. 

Your eyes watch my face fill with pleasure as you suck my cock. I press it into your mouth over and over, telling you to suck me harder...Your lips are stretched wide around my shaft, and you move your head as much as your bound arms permit. As your tongue swirls around me, my hips move forward and back, as I gently slide my cock into your mouth.

You suck me for several minutes, trying to milk my hot cum from me, but I have other plans. I slide my cock from your mouth, then move again between your legs, rubbing my cockhead against your clit, and your pussy lips. With one thrust of my hips, I fill your wet pussy with my cock, and you moan your approval.

While I teased your pussy so slowly with my tongue, I fuck you hard. No teasing... just fucking. Over and over my cock saws in and out of you, and the room is filled with the slurping sound of your wet pussy. I bend down to kiss you, fucking your mouth with my tongue as my cock stretches your pussy. My cock feels great inside you, and from your moans I know it feels just as good for you. I watch as your breasts jiggle from the force of my thrusts, and enjoy the sensation of your pussy as it squeezes my shaft.

I withdraw from your pussy, then reach down to your ankles. I roll your hips back, pushing your legs up over your chest. I place your ankles over my shoulders, then slide my cock back inside you.

This new position lets my cock rub against your clit as I fuck you. Your moans become louder, and more deep, as you encourage me to fuck you hard and deep. I do just that, sliding my hard cock into your wet pussy over and over, with your pussy juices running down into your ass. 

Very quickly, I can see that you are close to cumming once again, and I stroke into you as deep as I can. With a sharp cry of pleasure, you cum once more, and I feel your pussy contract around my cock as you writhe in pleasure. I slow my thrusts, but enjoy the look of passion on your face each time my cock enters you fully. 

I withdraw from you again, but keep your hips in the air. I lower my mouth to you, kissing your pussy and tasting your gushing juices once again. My tongue follows the trail of juice down from your pussy, all the way to your ass. I spread your slippery cream over your ass, probing you gently with my tongue. I feel your ass relax under the stroking of my tongue, and I press into your ass. My tongue is soon joined by a finger, which slides easily inside you. As I finger your ass, my tongue continues to tease your hole, sending pleasure through you once again...

Once I know that your ass is ready, I move up again. I slide my cock into your pussy once again, just to coat it with your juices, then move it down, until it presses against your asshole. Ever so slowly, I press against you, until your ass seems to suck my cock head inside. We both groan at the sensation, and I begin to rock slowly into you. 

Your face is flushed, with your mouth wide open, as you feel my thick cock fill your ass. I move slowly inside you, easing my cock into you in short thrusts, until finally it is fully in your ass. I rest there for a minute, letting your body become accustomed to me, before I begin to move...

I fuck your ass very slowly, but deeply. The sensation of your tight ass gripping my cock is indescribable, and I know that I won't last long. My cock has never felt so hard before, and the heat of your body fills my balls with hot cum. Your body is also filled with pleasure as you enjoy my cock sliding in and out of you. My cock sends jolts of electricity through every nerve in your ass, and you moan deeply as I pump into you. 

I can no longer hold back, nor do I want to. My cock thickens, then begins to pump my hot cum deep in your ass. Pulse after pulse of my cream fills you, and the sensation sends another orgasm slamming into you. Your ass squeezes my cock as you cum, and both of us are convulsing wildly.

When I can gather my senses again, I slide from your ass and lower your hips to the bed. I reach up and untie your arms, then fall next to you. As we hug and kiss, you whisper to me in a sexy voice...

"I have never been so thoroughly fucked...!"