 Finally, I had landed the perfect job. Teaching high school. And not just teaching anything – teaching MATH – a subject that I enjoyed because of the pure simplicity of it. This was quite a turn around for me. Here I was in my mid-fifties making a career change – going from being a high-powered corporate manager to a teacher. Leaving behind the stress and aggravation of the business world – trading it in for a blackboard and chalk. Unfortunately, I also traded in the big salary but sometimes it's worth it. I had no idea how much it would be worth it until one day...

I was lucky enough to teach at a private school; one where the per capita income of just one of my students' parents could have supported a third world nation for a year. The kids were the brightest of the bright – the school consistently won academic achievement awards and there were times when their brainpower tested and perhaps surpassed mine. These young adults were preparing for a future that included attending ivy league universities, becoming tomorrow's doctors, lawyers, corporate executives and scientists. It was a challenge for me just to keep them stimulated and interested in the material I was presenting and fortunately discipline problems were few and far between. 

The school year was going along pretty well. In my final class period there was one girl that gave me trouble from day one – a tall, stunning, eighteen year old senior with dark hair, green eyes and long, shapely, athletic legs that her short skirts did nothing to hide. She didn't mind showing off her firm breasts in tight belly baring tops making it pretty obvious that she never wore a bra. Her grades consistently bordered on failing and her attitude was pretty much bordering on failing also. I had talked with her on several occasions and had even spoken with her parents about her grades and attitude. They seemed to find my concern bothersome and I felt they really were more interested in their trips to Europe and social gatherings than their daughter's future. 

Finally, after an especially exasperating day I asked Michelle to remain after class. She rolled her eyes but acquiesced. Once class emptied out I sat on my desk with her standing in front on me. I was pretty tall, well over six feet, so sitting put me eye to eye with her. "Michelle," I began. "Don't you want to pass this class and graduate this year?" 

She began twisting her long dark hair around her finger. "I guess so," she pouted. 

"Then please tell me," I continued, "Why don't you even try in class? Or, if you are not going to try why not just sit quietly in the back of the room so the others that might want to learn can?" 

I had never really noticed until now how emerald green her eyes were. She looked straight at me and replied: "Why should I? Who cares anyway? It's not like I need an education. I'm going right into my dad's business. And he can buy and sell teachers like you any time."

"I'm sure plenty of people care." I said, taking a deep breath and trying not to let her remark get to me. "I know I do. I don't want you to waste your time here. You'd be surprised at the many ways you'll need an education in the business world, even if you are the boss's daughter." 

"Oh please, you're boring me," she said and turned to walk away. 

"I don't think I excused you." I said.

"Oh? I don't need your permission. You're not my father," she retorted.

"No." I said. "I'm not. But I can think of something your father must not have ever done that you certainly need right now." 

She stood there with her green eyes open wide, her mouth parting slightly. "Oh..." she said mockingly. "And just what would that be?" 

"A really good spanking." I replied. "And while I'm certainly not your father, I'm sure I can deliver one that you will take notice of." 

She laughed, throwing back her head. "You wouldn't dare!" 

Still sitting on the desk, I grabbed her arm and in one swift motion brought her down across my knees, her bottom perfectly positioned. I'm no stranger to spanking the female bottom as my wife can attest so I knew how hard to deliver discipline so as to leave no lingering marks, but to get the message across. I had always enjoyed administering spankings to my wife and thought she had a lovely behind but this gorgeous nubile bottom took my breath away. Michelle's mini skirt was short to begin with and with her across my knees it pulled up exposing the most beautifully formed, rounded ass. Her thong panties left nothing to the imagination and I could feel a hardness beginning to stir in my groin. 

I begin administering several hard smacks on her thong-bared ass and watched it turn from creamy white to pink to crimson red. She was kicking and squirming, pleading for me to stop, all the while her hips were gyrating in my lap. After a few minutes I stopped. I placed my hand on her incredibly firm bottom and could feel the heat rising from it.

"Now Michelle, are we going to try harder in class from now on?" 

"Yes sir, Mr. Roberts," she replied. She stood up rubbing her bottom and I could see tears in her eyes. 

"Here," I said. "Take a tissue and wipe your face." 

She looked at me and said she was sorry and I reached out to give her a hug. I could feel her firm young breasts pressing up against my chest and the hardness I had before was nothing compared to the hardness I was getting now. She put her head on my shoulder and cried out a few more whimpers while I held her. Then looking down, she exclaimed, "Why, Mr. Roberts, it looks like some one else enjoyed this little discipline time." My dick was creating quite a tent in my pants and there was no hiding or denying it. 

"Some one else?" I said. "Do you mean you enjoyed this spanking?" 

Taking my hand she placed it between her legs. "Now what do you think?" 

I pulled her panties aside and could feel her wetness on her soft downy fur. I moved my finger up inside one incredibly tight pussy. She let out a groan and ground herself against my hand. With my other hand I felt under her top to her firm breasts, the nipples hard and inviting. She pulled her top off to reveal the most perfect eighteen-year old breasts I had ever seen. Quickly my mouth found its way to the delicious mounds she offered and I sucked and nibbled the treats. Her moans became louder and my dick was throbbing so hard and growing so large I thought it was going to rip through my pants. 

She reached down and undid my belt and my pants and they fell to my ankles. I tore my under shorts off, freeing my aching dick. Laying her back on my desk I pulled her panties off and got a view of her wonderful pussy – pink, hot and wet. Spreading her legs I put my mouth down there to taste her nectar. Never before I had tasted something so delicious, so warm, so sweet. I buried my face between her legs and teased her clit with my tongue. Her juices were flowing and I was becoming giddy from the smell and taste of her sex. I knew I couldn't wait any longer. I stood over her and placed my hard throbbing dick at the entrance of her wet, tight pussy. Even as wet as she was, it took some effort to maneuver just the head of my dick in her. I begin to go deeper but stopped when I met resistance. I pushed a little harder, getting the same resistance. She began to moan a little louder and move her hips around. "Please be gentle..." She said. "I haven't done this before." 

Through the haze of passion and desire I realized what she had said and pulled back.

"Oh, please don't stop," she said. "I want you to be the first. I've fantasized about this since the first day of class." 

Thinking more with my dick than my brain, I proceeded to push back inside her. Her tightness around my dick felt like a velvet vice. She cried out as her tight virgin pussy was stretched to new limits and her hymen was torn by my large, raging cock. I continued to push until her pussy was full of my cock. She was so tight I almost came once I was fully in her but I didn't want this incredible pleasure to end. I pulled back and began slowly thrusting in and out of her sensational pussy, my balls slapping her ass. I leaned over and took her beautiful hard nipples in my mouth. Her warm, well-spanked ass felt delightful in my hands as I continued to pump in and out of her. A few more strokes and I could feel her pussy tighten even more and I knew she was close to coming. Her moans became louder and I pounded her even harder. She cried out, digging her nails into my back and suddenly my dick and balls were soaked with her juices and I knew she had come. I gave a few more hard thrusts and exploded inside her, filling her with my hot cum. I stood there, knees weak, trying to catch my breath and feeling myself grow soft. Even soft, her tight pussy held onto me. Slowly I pulled out. She jumped up and quickly got dressed, as did I. 

"I think I learned my lesson, Mr. Roberts," she said coyly, "and I promise to try to behave." 

"That's OK, Michelle," I replied, patting that firm ass, "If you don't, there's plenty more where this came from." 

She smiled at me as she walked towards the door. Turning she pulled her skirt up to reveal that fabulous and still pink bottom. "Well, in that case, I don't know if I want to keep my promise." 

This might be my best year teaching yet.