 I know my face must have turned white due to the blood draining from it. I could feel a tightness in my chest and found it hard to get my breath. Michelle stood looking at me and exclaimed, "Well, if you don't believe me, I have proof." She pulled a piece of paper from her book bag. 

I found it hard to focus on the words but I could make out pregnant and positive. "No. No." was about all I could muster at this point. 

"Yes. Yes." She said. "A little over two months and you can very well see how much I've changed due to the pregnancy." 

Oh, did I ever enjoying seeing how much she had changed. It was hard not to notice when she pulled her short top up over those spectacular breasts which now looked even fuller and, if possible, even more fabulous than before. In spite of the dire circumstances with which I had just been presented, my dick began to stir. 

"Close the door, please," I said. Pulling her top down and covering her breasts, she walked over to the door and closed it. I was hoping for a minute to compose myself but her long shapely legs and firm ass were too tempting and I found myself wondering what it would be like to be bury all 7 inches of my now rapidly hardening cock into her sweet firm ass. 

"So now what?" she asked coming around the desk and standing next to me, her breasts about eye level. 

"This," I said, reaching up and pulling her top off revealing those round, full breasts with hardened nipples. I held her breasts in my hands, rolling the nipples around in my fingers. They were just ripe for sucking, which I happily did. She grabbed my head, pulling handfuls of hair as she pushed her breasts hard into my face. I sucked and nibbled and bit first one and then the other, delighting in their taste, their firmness but softness. The nipples were like hard ripe berries in my mouth. 

"Oh, Mr. Roberts," she moaned. 

I ran my hand down her back, around her waist to between her toned thighs moving her panties aside and finding, with great satisfaction, her very wet. I inserted one finger and was very pleased to find that her little pussy was just as tight as I remembered it several weeks ago. Her moans were becoming a little louder and her grip on my hair was beginning to feel slightly uncomfortable but there was no way I was stopping this. 

I inserted another finger into that incredibly tight snatch of hers. Damn, she was so tight I could barely move two fingers around. My cock was screaming to be set free and was like hardened steel. I thought the skin would tear from the swelling. 

Taking those delicious breasts out of my mouth I stood up while she quickly undid my pants and pushed both pants and under shorts to the floor. I turned her around and leaned her over my desk, pulling her short skirt up and her panties down around her knees, baring her curvy round ass to me. For my eyes only she exposed her most secret and private area, pink and glistening with her wetness and the tiny puckering hole of her ass. I rubbed her young pussy with my dick, already dizzy from the lust and desire I had for her. Putting the head of my throbbing cock at the entrance of her sensational sweet pussy I was ready to come then but fought the urge. I wanted to be inside this young pussy in a big way. Spreading her pussy lips I pushed only the head of my cock in her and she groaned slightly. 

I knew there would be no resistance this time since I had already taken her virginity, but she was still so damn tight I had to work to get my throbbing cock in her, work that I thoroughly enjoyed. I began pushing in, grabbing her hips to hold her to me and with slow but deliberate in and out movements, I was soon buried to the max in her teenage pussy. As I watched my dick go in and out of her fine wet pussy it was all I could do to hold back to keep from exploding all my hot cum inside of her too fast. 

She was moaning and grinding her hips around and I knew she was close to coming so I thrusted hard until I felt her wetness shoot out and wet my shaft and balls. I knew she had come but I wasn't ready to stop yet. Using my finger, I began to tease around the entrance to her ass hole, using her juices as lubrication. 

She began to squirm. "Oh Mr. Roberts, no, please, no...not that..." 

I pushed hard, burying my cock deep in her pussy, pulling out and pounding in her again. 

"Yes, Michelle, yes." I said, and pushed my finger into her tiny hole. 

After a few moments of insertion and stretching with my finger, my dick was more than ready to try that pleasure hole. I pulled my dick out of her soaking pussy and placed the head at her ass hole. She really began to move and tried to wiggle her ass away from me but I placed my hand on the small of her back and easily held her down on the desk. I pushed the head of my dick into her ass. If I had thought her pussy was tight, there was no comparison. This was like having my dick crushed in a soft, warm, velvet vice. My dick was the biggest that I ever had experienced, but I knew she was going to take the full shaft up to my balls no matter how tight she was or how much pain was involved. 

I had to hold on to her hips to keep from shoving her across the desk as I tried to enter her. She began to cry out and I knew I had to be hurting her, but I was past the point of being reasonable or considerate. I wanted to be the one to take her virgin ass just as I had taken her virgin pussy. 

Slowly her tight hole allowed me entrance, gripping with such force I knew my dick was going to be sore and tender. With her being so tight it only took about ten strokes in that velvet vice before I was feeling my balls tighten and I knew I was going to cum. Grabbing tightly to her hips, I gave one hard thrust, burying my rock hard shaft all the way in. Her scream of pain mixed with my scream of pleasure and I could feel my balls empty deep inside of her, spasming as my cum filled her. 

I stood over her for a few moments, catching my breath and coming back to my senses. I pulled out of her and quickly pulled my pants on. As I dressed, I continued to fully enjoy the view she presented. She remained bent over my desk with her beautiful firm ass in the air, her skirt up over her waist and her panties around her ankles. Her pussy was pink and puffy and still very wet with the evidence of her climax. Her tiny ass hole was a deeper pink now and also puffy from the pounding she had just received from my hard dick. Pushing her long dark hair out of her face, she turned around to look at me and I could see in her emerald green eyes the look of satisfaction that said she had just been fucked and fucked well. I know I was surely satisfied but totally spent and was glad my chair was close by so I could sit before my legs gave away. 

She pulled her top back over her breasts, unfortunately taking those wonderful orbs away from my sight and pulled her panties up, pushing her skirt back down to where it barely covered her magnificent ass. Sitting on my lap she purred to me, "Mmmm, Mr. Roberts, that was great." 

Pulling my face to hers, her sensuous mouth found mine and her tongue was quickly darting around inside. 

"I never knew it could be this great." She kept kissing me, her tongue probing while reaching down between my legs to my already hardening dick. "Sure feels like you want some more of me," she said. 

I couldn't believe it myself. To my amazement and great delight, my dick was growing bigger and harder by the minute. In no time at all I was stiff as a board and ready for round two. 

I had just pulled her top up and was sucking one rock hard nipple when in the far off distance I heard my name being called. 

"Edward? Edward? Oh my..." I looked up and there stood Ellen Shapiro, head of the Math Department and my counterpart. 

Michelle quickly pulled her top down, jumped off my lap and ran out the door. 

Ellen stood rigid and glued to the spot. Her mouth was open but nothing was coming out. 

"I can explain," I stammered. 

She finally found her voice. "Yes, I'm sure you can. But not here." She replied and turned and walked out of the door. 

...to be continued...