 I was raised in a conservative, religious family, home schooled. I realize that I have a different background than many. Very straight. But I've always been happy, enjoyed life and have done extremely well in school. At least academically. Socially I was and probably still am far behind. My mother always stressed game playing so I'm good at solving puzzles, which has been perfect for my career as a computer programmer. All it is, is solving puzzles, games in a way.

In college I dated a girl for a long time. Sarah. She had a similar background as me and it took us a long time to get around to sex. Both felt it was wrong somehow but both wanted it. We finally started manually. She played with my cock until I came so I reciprocated and played with her pussy until she came. We did that a lot and then one day she took it another step and took me in her mouth. I loved it and did the same for her. I think we became very proficient at eating each other. We both liked it a lot. Then she had me actually push my way into her. We liked that even more so we did that a lot, too. We didn't stop oral, just added genital sex. She moved in with me for almost a year. Then, as we got ready to graduate, she let me know that she loved the sex but knew she didn't want to marry me so she shouldn't invest any more time in me. I asked why and unfortunately was told that I'm really just too dull and unexciting except at sex. 

It didn't make me feel good but I accepted it. I then met another girl, through my job, and again we took a long time getting around to it but she ended up moving in with me and we had sex a lot. Really a lot. Then, after about a year, she, Mindy, told me essentially what Sarah had told me and moved out.

I decided I needed to start over completely. I had always lived in New England, Massachusetts mostly but went to school in Connecticut. So I took a job with an automotive plant, still doing computer work, in South Carolina and moved to a relatively small town. My second night in town I went to a bar and, as I described in an earlier story, met a girl, danced with her and fucked her. Then fucked her again. Nice looking girl, Lorraine, whose husband is a Marine and overseas. Next day I had second thoughts about unprotected sex with a girl that doesn't wear panties because it makes fucking easier, so I went to the plant's medical office. The person there is a nurse. Very good looking nurse that was probably a beauty contest winner twenty years ago. When she found out why I was there, she took me into her examining room and gave me a blow job. A terrific blow job. When I went back to my office, Lorraine, the girl from the night before follows me and I end up eating that bare pussy and then fucking her.

That evening I go to a small restaurant to eat and the young waitress basically propositions me. So back in my little apartment she, Heidi, and I eat each other and fuck. Really nice looking eighteen year old, blond with a terrific body. I begin to wonder what I've run into down here in the South. Every female I meet has sex with me almost immediately, with no romance or any leading up to it as I've been used to up North.

The next day, Dorothy, the secretary for three of us with adjoining offices, lets me know that she had seen me eating Lorraine and that any woman would like to have that happen, including her. Well, she's a very attractive girl. Tall and slim. Long legs. So we leave work early and go to my apartment. She's twenty three, I'm twenty five, and I learn that she's never had sex with a guy before. A virgin. She thinks she's tall and gawky with small breasts and I convince her that she's gorgeous. She really is. Great body, plays a lot of volley ball. Her breasts aren't huge but they're sure there. She's a little hairy I learn as I eat her before fucking her. But a day or so later when we get together again, I solve that by trimming her pubic hair. She then also gives in to a fantasy she's had and sucks me off. Does a good job of it, too. Actually terrific sex with her.

Meantime, Lorraine came back for more. A pretty black girl, a friend of Heidi's, comes to me for sex, followed by Heidi, and we end up with both of them sitting on me, one on my cock and one on my mouth, until they both cum and switch positions. Going to the laundry room in my building to wash my sheets I meet my next door neighbor, Diane. Beautiful lady that used to be in show business, slim and leggy. A red head, about forty years old and a widow. We spend the night together. She'd heard all the orgasmic screams coming out of my apartment and decided she needed to experience the same thing. She did and she screamed, too. Happy screams. 

Then I get fired for having sex with Lorraine in my office a couple days before. Security camera caught us. I had worked there four days. So I went back up North. Mixed feelings but, to a certain degree, pleased to get away from all those horny southern belles that are ready to fuck at the drop of a hat. In fact, there's no need to drop a hat, just show up and be available.

From a work standpoint, that short trip never happened. I went back to the job I had before I moved South and the company was glad to have me. I even got a raise. I moved in with a friend for just a short time until I found a place of my own. It turns out, he's being sent on a short assignment so I can stay there, all on my own, for six weeks. Gives me plenty of time to find my own place and I'm not sharing the place with anyone. Or so I thought.

My third night, the door bell rings at about ten pm, just as I'm planning on going to bed. I open the door and there's a really gorgeous woman standing there. Black hair, jet black. Pretty face. Green eyes. Dressed all in black but appears to have a great body. Not tall but not short, maybe five foot six or so. 

"Oh," she says, seeing me." Is Jack here?"

Jack is the guy whose place I've moved into. "No, he's gone for several weeks on a work assignment."

She reacts odd, I think. She looks me up and down. "Can I come in?"

"Uh, o.k., sure." I step aside and she comes in. The more I see her the more I realize that she's very attractive. Probably a few years older than me. I close the door behind her.

She's staring at me with a grin on her face. "Jack and I fuck every Thursday," she says, pausing and watching me to see how I react. "I've convinced my husband that I have a meeting every Thursday evening. I can't stay real long or all night. But I've come to really depend on this to keep me going the rest of the week. And I'm here and ready and you're here, so let's go into the bedroom and you can act like Jack for a couple hours. O.k?"

She doesn't wait, she heads for the bedroom. I wish Jack had warned me. But I follow. She's unzipping and peeling off items as we walk and, in the bedroom, she's nude in about a minute. She has a terrific body to go with that pretty face. Breasts that are almost too big for her frame, that sag just a little. Well defined waist, good hips, shapely legs. A little black hair between her legs, she must trim it or shave some. So I start getting out of my things as fast as I can. When I'm down to just my boxers and start lowering them, she comes to me, kneels down and takes hold of them and pulls them down. Her hand is around my very erect cock immediately, followed quickly by her mouth. She's done this before, is very good at it. She may even be better at it than the nurse in South Carolina, who I think was almost a pro at sucking cock. 

Once I cum and she swallows and licks me clean, seems to love the taste of cum, she's on the bed with her legs open for me. I pull her a little to the edge of the bed, get her legs on my shoulders and start trying to eat her as well as she sucked me. She has a very lovely pussy, the hair trimmed and shaved to a small shape, firm pink lips, a clit that becomes almost a little cock as she gets aroused more and more. I lick and suck and work over her clit, slide fingers into her. As I can hear her getting close, I back off a little and tease her, licking inside her again before getting back to her clit and bringing her back up toward a climax again, then back off again. "Fuck you," she yells at me, "let me cum." So I do. Then I push her more onto the bed, slide up over her and start pushing my way into her. It enters my mind briefly that I have no protection so I hope she's clean and on the pill but it doesn't cause me to slow down as I fuck her, getting harder and faster as I pound into her. She's loud, pushes back a lot. A very active fuck. 

After, she's laying about three quarters atop me, leaking her and my fluids onto my thigh from her pussy, as she kisses me and feels my chest. It takes a few minutes for me to get it up again. She helps, uses her hand to play with me, then climbs on once I'm hard again. She rides me, enjoying every moment of it, until she cums again. I help by diddling her clit as she bounces on me. Then we're into doggy style and I'm pounding into her from the back, my balls swinging and hitting her upper pussy with every stroke. 

I doubt if we last more than a half hour or so and she's dressing and leaving. No thank you, just a satisfied smile. I don't know her name, she doesn't know mine. And I thought Southern women were horny. This is Boston! Next Thursday I'll have to ask if she was born in the South.

The next day, Friday, I go to a local bar that I've never been to before. There's actually a live trio playing. Seems a lot different than the honky-tonk bar down south with the band playing two-step music. More sedate and classy. I look around and sit at the bar and order a drink. I noticed a table with four women. At first glance, they all seem attractive although probably a few years older than me. I sip at my Scotch a couple times then swivel around to look at the room again. I'm in time to see the four women talking, grinning and looking at me. What are a bunch of proper Boston women talking about on their night out? Well, it turns out, me. One of them walks toward me. Not bad looking. Tall, slim, dressed in a suit, looks good, looks professional, like she's a lawyer or something. 

"We were just discussing you," she says to me, standing in front of me. "We've never seen you here before. Are you hoping to pick up some cutie here?"

"Oh. uh.," I stumble, trying to figure out how to answer that. "I wouldn't say it just like that but, yeah, I probably have a common male fantasy of finding a lovely female that would cater to my every wish." I grinned, hoping I sounded humorous and not obnoxious.

"Well, we're here with the opposite side of that, hoping for the female fantasy of a virile man that would satisfy our every wish."

"Does your wish get answered very often?" I ask. I'll probably insult her but then, what do I care?

"Not as often as I'd like," she replies, giving me a sultry look. Or, what I'm sure she hopes is a sultry look. It makes me take a careful look at her. I mean, do I really want to fuck this woman? Is she attractive enough? Am I willing to become the temporary partner of an aggressive woman? I smile at my own thoughts. Who's kidding who? Of course I'm willing to be seduced, raped, whatever by her. She looks good enough that it makes me wonder what she's doing out trolling in bars rather than home with a loving partner. 

"You're very good looking," I say to her. "I can't imagine why you're looking for someone to have sex with. You must have guys making passes all the time."

"I do get passes," she replies. "And sometimes they work. I'm just in the mood to be slutty."

"So, is whatever we do between you and me or am I supposed to satisfy your whole posse?"

"Four of us?" she asks, as she looks back at her three friends, grinning. "Do you think you can satisfy four horny women?"

"No. At least not all at once or within a short period of time. Unless, that is, some of them prefer to satisfy each other. I could do a half-assed job for two or a really good one for one."

"Let's go then," she says, grabbing my arm. "I'm ready for a really good one."

I did get her name, Lorena. The others dared her to pick my up. She really is a lawyer. She's been married twice. No children. No husband at the moment. She's 34. She's also got a fabulous body. Trim and firm, strong legs, lovely breasts, a juicy, tasty pussy that's surprisingly tight once we get to it. She's a top notch cock sucker and ready to fuck all night if I can last that long. Well, I last almost that long. I guess Northern women are just as horny as Southern. We end up agreeing to meet the following Friday night at the same bar. She says she plans on bringing a friend, that the three of us should get along great.

Saturday I sleep in late. Saturday night I read and go to bed early. Sunday I go to church and then go down near the river to sit down and contemplate what exactly is going on with my life. I mean, I like sex but this is all getting ridiculous. It makes me realize that years ago, in college, Sarah and I used to go to the river in New Haven and watch the birds. So, as I sit there, I look around, and there's Sarah, sitting on a bench twenty feet or so away. Sarah, that I lived with for a year in college. Sarah, that I learned all about sex with. I look to her and say, "Sarah!"

She snaps out of her reverie and looks around a little, seeing me fairly quickly. "Don?" she asks.

"Yeah, it's me."

She gets up and comes to me. She always was the one that initiated everything. "What are you doing now?" she asks.

"Oh, I'm working. Writing software for a new phone/computer interface that might revolutionize communication. How about you?"

"I'm teaching, as I always planned. Are you married?"

"No. You?"

"Yes," she answers and sort of sighs. 

"That doesn't sound exciting."

"Well,"she says, pausing and then looking at me, quizzically. "I guess it isn't. I gave up good sex with you to find someone more exciting and instead I found someone really, really rich. So rich that I'll never have money problems the rest of my life. So rich that I can do anything I want."

"Well, if that's what you want."

"I thought it was. But I'm not really happy. We don't really have much in common. We don't really talk much. We don't even have sex much and when we do, it's all, oh, sort of so-so." She then just sits there for several minutes. I have no idea what to say. "How about you?"

"I'm still single. No one special in my life."

"No sex? I can't imagine you without sex."

"Well, yeah, sometimes. Nothing regular or permanent."

"I loved sex with you. I thought I needed something more and I think maybe I was wrong. You used to drive me nuts licking me, sucking my clit, making me cum over and over. And I loved the feel and taste of your dick." She stops and looks up as if she's remembering good times. "We ought to do it again, just so I can re-establish all those great memories."

"Fine with me. I'd love to, Sarah."

She gets up. "Lets go and do it before I change my mind. I really, really need a couple of those great orgasms you used to give me. Do you live near here?"

We discovered sex with each other back then. She taught me how to eat pussy. Not by giving instructions, just by my responding to her moans and shrieks and her hand reaching down and pushing me to where she wanted me. It turns out that everything that she liked is what every other woman seems to like, too. Maybe I taught her how to suck cock but I think maybe she just learned on her own because she enjoyed it so much. And fucking! Probably nothing much to learn, just keep experimenting and trying everything we could think of. When we first dated, Sarah thought she was too skinny. She was very slim, true. But as I eventually learned, she had a great ass and legs and even though her breasts weren't huge, there was enough there to suck on and arouse her. She was much sexier than she thought. That hasn't changed. She still thinks she's too skinny. I let her know she's very sexy. 

So, once we're naked, she almost attacks my cock. it's as if she hasn't sucked a cock in years and had a great hunger. I don't last too long and she gets more than a mouthful. Then I get at that tight pussy of hers and lick and suck until she's screaming and orgasming and giving me a mouthful of juices. Then we fuck. She fucks as if she hasn't for years, almost manic about it, really active. She cums and we change positions. She cums so fast we fuck three different ways before I finally cum. And then I think we've actually caught up with each other. It's as if we were still living together as we were a couple years earlier. She walks around naked and so do I until we're both ready again and then she climbs on me and then lifts off and sucks on me and then climbs on again. So, once she cums and we're changing position, I eat her for awhile before sliding into her again. She has five or six orgasms, I have three. Then we fall asleep. When I wake up, she's gone. Not even a note.

The next day, after work, I learn that Jack had a Thursday girl and also had Monday Kim. This truly lovely blond beauty shows up at the door asking for Jack. Just as the other woman on Thursday, she lets me know she's used to having lots of great sex with Jack on Monday and she really, really needs it. So I volunteer my services. I have no idea why Kim is coming around to Jack once a week. She's beautiful with a fabulous body and absolutely loves sex. I don't know whether I've ever had a better time appreciating a sexy female body, feeling it, caressing it, tasting it, fucking it. Very natural. She's not shaved but I guess blonds tend to not have a huge amount of pubic hair. Delicious pussy that's actually as beautiful as she is. Pink lips, not wrinkled or brown like some. Feels good and tastes good. Tight when we fuck. It almost hurts to push my way into her, shoving my foreskin back. We get along fine, all night long. She tells me when she leaves that she'll see me the following Monday and when Jack comes back, she wants to keep seeing me instead of him. No one's ever eaten her better in her life, wonders if I'd like to marry her. Then she grins, meaning she didn't really mean it. When she marries it's going to involve a lot of money. I mean a lot. With her sex abilities, she should land the richest guy in the world.

The black haired woman, I learn her name is Naomi, shows up again on Thursday. Great sex again. Friday night I go back to the bar where I met Lorena and she's there waiting for me. With a friend. Another woman about her age, blond but definitely bleached, what looks like a good body, dressed as Lorena in something expensive and conservative. I'm introduced, her name is Karen. We all head back to my place. 

I was with Heidi and her friend Sandra once but that was after I had fucked someone else for several hours and I let them know that I would probably have only one erection. Fortunately it lasted well. This time, I was healthy and ready. To start with, having two women licking your dick and switching off sucking on you is something I'd recommend to anyone. It really gets me aroused. I started shooting into Karen's mouth but she quickly let Lorena share. Between them they re-aimed my cock so well that they didn't lose a drop of cum. Then, as I started eating Lorena, Karen kept busy on my cock and once Lorena came, she started working on my cock while I ate Karen. Lorena's pubic hair is trimmed, Karen's shaved. So, while it was odd to keep eating one pussy after the other, it was a pleasure for me as well as them. When they got me up again, Karen fed my cock into Lorena, keeping her hand busy between us as I pumped in and out. I think her diddling Lorena's clit caused a faster orgasm. Then I'm doing the same to Karen. Once she cums, I roll onto my back and the two of them climb on me. Lorena's sitting on my cock, Karen on my mouth, just as Heidi and Sandra had done earlier in South Carolina. 
