 I picked up my books and briefcase, saying good-bye to some fellow co-workers and students and walked quickly to my truck. Driving home it suddenly registered what I had done – I had fucked a young teenage student and a virgin at that. Of course the virgin part was kind of a kicker for me but still I couldn’t believe what I had done. But damn, she had felt so good. Just thinking about that sensuous young body with those firm breasts, those long shapely legs, that fabulous ass and that incredibly tight pussy started a bulge growing in my pants. 

I arrived home to an empty house. Lauren, my wife, was still at work, due to be home any minute. How was I going to tell her? I had never lied to her nor betrayed her trust. She trusted me completely and never in all the years of our marriage had I ever strayed. Oh sure, I’m all the time seeing gorgeous, sexy women that give me delightful hard-ons; I even masturbate to porn, but I never had any desire to act on it. But this….a teen-ager, a virgin (well, not any more), a student!!! A student as young as my own two daughters.

Lauren walked through the door calling out to the dogs and cats we had. 

“Hey,” I called back, “What about me?” 

She came to me and wrapped her arms around me, giving me a full body hug. “I missed you all day,” she said. “How was your day?” 

“Oh, funny you should ask about my day. It was quite unusual.” I didn’t know how to begin and I knew I couldn’t put off telling her about it much longer. “Something happened that I need to share with you.” 

I guess she saw the look on my face because she became all concerned. “What’s the matter? Is everything OK at work? You’re not sick or anything, are you?” she asked. 

“Come over here,” I said, taking her hand and leading her to the bedroom. 

She was really getting that “ok-what’s-the-matter” look on her face. “Everything is OK,” I said to reassure her. “I’m not fired or anything like that.”

We sat on the edge of the bed and I held her and kissed her. Her lips tasted so sweet and felt so soft that for a moment I almost forget why I had brought her in here. “OK, I don’t know of any other way to say this but to come right out and tell you…..”


“Tell me what, love? You’re beginning to scare me.” She replied. 

I blurted it out. “I had sex with a student today.” I kind of expected her to jump up and begin hitting me and yelling but she just sat there looking at me with total disbelief. We sat quietly for a few minutes with me secretly hoping she would yell and get physical but she remained quiet. 

“I’m sorry. I don’t know how it happened. Well, I do know how it happened but I just don’t know why it happened.” I knew I was rambling as I went on to explain how I had asked Michelle to stay after class and how she was failing and how I was trying to motivate her to do better and how she came back with that smart ass mouth of hers and I thought she needed a spanking and I pulled her over my knees and then spanked her but she turned out to enjoy it and showed me how much she enjoyed it by taking my hand and putting it down there and I just kept talking and talking hoping Lauren would say something so I could stop and then I felt tears in my eyes and the next thing I knew they were rolling down my cheeks. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” was all I could say. 

Lauren turned to me and took my face in her hands, wiping away the tears. “It’s OK, my love,” she said. “It’s OK.” She pulled my face to hers and began kissing me gently. 

I turned and held her close, returning each kiss and was surprised to find my dick stirring in my pants. I began to kiss her face and neck, running my hands down her shoulders over her breasts. I pulled her top off and unhooked her bra, letting her breasts hang free until my mouth covered first one nipple and then the other. My desire for her was building as I took off her pants and panties, leaving her totally nude. I followed suit by removing all my clothing and we both lay naked on the bed. She reached down and stroked my dick, causing it to get even harder than I thought possible and to my delight, put her head down there taking it into her mouth. I was surprised that I could even get an erection, especially after having just fucked a young girl less than an hour ago, but here it was – large and raring to go. 

Lauren climbed over me and began to lower her wet pussy onto my hard cock. I could feel the head slide easily into her wetness and she quickly took my entire cock deep inside of her. She knew what I liked and how to ride me to bring me close to climaxing but I knew I didn’t want to come yet. Turning her over with her ass high in the air, I entered her from behind and began pumping her as hard as I could. Her pussy felt so good and in short time I was exploding into her. I knew she was in pleasure overload by her cries and moans and I knew she needed a trip over my knees, which I was more than willing to oblige. With my cum still oozing out of her, I pulled her over my knees and begin spanking her luscious bottom. I don’t know if I was spanking her because of what I had done, kind of looking to purge myself or for her, but for whatever reason, she got a spanking like no other she had gotten before. She was crying and begging me to stop and her ass was fire red and very hot to the touch by time I finished. Exhausted, we both laid back on the bed. 

Looking at her naked body next to mine, I realized how much I loved her. Of course she didn’t have the firm, fabulous body of a teen-ager with still some developing to go, or perky breasts or a sensational ass or the unbelievable tight pussy, but what she did have was heaven for me. At that moment, I had never regretted doing anything as much as I did by fucking that young girl and even though it was never mentioned again, I knew I will still have penance to pay for the deed, but never did I imagine how much. 

A couple of months passed and, as it turned out, Michelle pretty much behaved herself. She made some attempts to get to me, but I sternly rebuffed them and she finally realized that there was not going to be a replay of that afternoon of several weeks ago. I was apprehensive however when she asked if she could come to my office after school. I told her yes and kept the office door wide open. She showed up, short skirt showing off those fabulous legs, belly baring top showing off the flat stomach and incredible breasts and looked me straight in the eye saying, “Mr. Roberts, I’m pregnant.” 

…….to be continued….