 I turned and the fireworks went off in my head. I could hear Ellen talking but couldn't quite make out what she was saying. I know words were coming from my mouth also but I couldn't hear them. Everything seemed to move in slow motion. 

I could see Lauren walking towards the bed. She was wearing her nurses' uniform so I knew she must have just been coming home from work. I stood up next to the bed, leaning on the dresser for support. Ellen was still lying on the bed trying to cover her naked body with a sheet. I heard a scream and then everything began to speed up to normal speed and then seemed to go into some sort of fast motion. 

Lauren was at the side of the bed in what appeared to be a flash. I had never seen her move so fast. There was a fire in her eyes I had never seen before also. 

"Get dressed," she hissed at me. 

I staggered around trying to find my clothes and clumsily putting them on. The screaming continued and I finally realized it was coming from Ellen. Lauren was leaning over her, pounding her face with her fists. Blood was running from Ellen's nose and mouth, her face already beginning to turn red and swelling from the pounding. Lauren finally stopped and wiped her hands on the sheet.

She turned away from Ellen and looked at me. "Let's go." she said. 

I still found it difficult to walk, feeling very sluggish like I was drunk, but I was way ahead of her. The fresh air outdoors felt good in my lungs and my head felt a little clearer. I hurried as fast as I could to my truck. Lauren climbed into her car and followed me home. 

Once in the house she instructed me to immediately strip and get in the shower. She undressed and climbed in with me and began soaping me up. Taking a loofa she started scrubbing me very hard all over – I thought she was going to take at least a layer or two of skin off but knew this was a time when I had better keep quite. 

When she reached down and grabbed my penis I did cry out. My dick was so sore and now was turning a deep purple color with raw red areas on it. I was very grateful when she held it gently and washed it tenderly. Once she was satisfied that I was clean, she rinsed me off and then dried me. 

"Get in the bed," she said. I was thankful for that, as I really wanted to lie down. My head, which had cleared some more, was beginning to ache. I could feel my pulse throb in my temples. I stretched across the bed on my back, the sheet feeling cool and soothing to me. Lauren sat next to me with lotion in her hands and began to rub my shoulders and arms. Her touch brought energy to my very being, soothing me, calming me, loving me. I reached up to touch her face, "Baby girl," I said. She didn't say anything, just continued to rub me until I drifted off blissfully to sleep. 

The next thing I knew my wife was shaking me. "Wake up. It's time for you to get up and go to work." 

"What time is it? What day is it?" I asked. 

"Thursday at 7:30 in the morning. Get up. You have a classroom full of students waiting for you." 

The pounding in my head had gone down and I felt like I could get up and move now. I stood and headed for the bathroom when it hit me – everything hurt! My head, my shoulders, my hips, my knees, and especially the throbbing in my very sensitive dick. I limped on to the bathroom. Damn, did it hurt to pee! My dick was swollen and not because it was aroused. The red areas were sensitive to touch and my shorts hurt it every time I moved. Oh, this was going to be a good day indeed. 

Walking like an old arthritic man, I slowly made it to my office. The department secretary took one look at me and jokingly asked if I had had a rough night celebrating last night. I just smiled and asked her not to talk too loudly. She informed me that Ellen had called in sick and wouldn't be in today which meant I would have to give out some papers to the two classes she taught and pick up assignments. I wasn't too surprised about that but figured if I could make it in, well, then she should be able to make it in also. By now the pain pills Lauren had given me were starting to kick in and I wasn't hurting as badly as before. Teaching was rough that day and I was anxious to get home as soon as possible so I was not looking forward to meeting with one of my students after final class.

When Leslie asked to see me after class I almost blew her off but I couldn't. She was my best student - sharp as a whip and my brightest star. Never missed class, kept a 4.20 average, passed every exam I had given with an A+ or better depending on extra credit. Her homework was always done and always correct. She was one of the few that challenged me, kept me on my toes, pushed me to try harder. A dream student. It was no wonder to me that she had already skipped grades and at the age of 15 was ready to enter into any university she wanted. She was a quiet student, keeping mostly to herself. I guess since she was much younger than the others she didn't fit in with the older crowd. She never spoke up in class except when I called on her and then all her answers were exactly correct. So I was surprised that she wanted to meet with me. 

She remained behind in class after everyone had gone. "Mr. Roberts," she said. "I have always liked and respected you as a person and a teacher. But something has happened that I feel I cannot be silent about any longer." 

My mind was racing trying to figure out what she could possibly be heading towards. "It has to do with you and Michelle." 

Oh my God! I turned and began erasing the blackboard. Anything to move away from that desk where on that fateful afternoon Michelle had presented her body and had given me the gift of her virginity. I had often thought about getting a new or different desk, but didn't know how to approach administration about it. What do you say – hey, I fucked one of my students on my desk and would like a new one please? 

Leslie walked around the desk and stood next to me. She couldn't have been more than five feet tall, with a head full of blonde curls and a mouth full of braces. "Mr. Roberts, please." She said. 

"Ok, Leslie. What is it?" I took a deep breath, trying to slow my heart rate and sat down in my chair and faced her. 

Her brown eyes looked very intense. When she opened her mouth to speak I noticed she had blue rubber bands on her braces that seemed to be the fad at this time. "I overheard Michelle in the bathroom talking to her girlfriend, Janet. She was telling her that she was having sex with you and that you two are going to be married when she graduates." 

I know I must have looked as if I had been hit in the back of the head. My breath was coming in short gasps. 

Leslie continued, "I just couldn't believe that about you Mr. Roberts. You always talk to us about being respectful and honest so I know she must be lying. I know you're not the type of man to do that sort of thing, being married and all." 

I just wanted to crawl under the desk and hide my face. "Leslie..." I began.

"Please let me finish," she said. "So since I knew she had to be lying, I began to do a little research. People think because I am quite and so much younger and smaller and stay to myself that I am stupid, but one thing I do well is listening. People tend to talk a lot and talk even more when they think no one is listening." She hung her head down. "And especially when it's me. But anyway, do you know Brad Thornbush?" 

"Yes, I do." Every one knew Brad Thornbush. Senior student. Tall, handsome, athletic strong body. Lettered in every sport. Every girl in that school and a few of the teachers wanted that young man, along with a few pro sport scouts. "But what does he...." 

"If she's pregnant, then he's the father." She stated. 

"How do you know this?" I asked. 

"Like I said, people talk when they think no one is around. Michelle has let it slip more than once that she and Brad have been together for a few weeks now. And besides, I knew you couldn't be the father. You are just not that kind of person." 

"Are you sure about this?" 

"Very sure, Mr. Roberts. Like I said, people talk when they think you're a nobody." 

I felt as if a weight had been lifted. "Thank you Leslie for telling me this. Thank you for your vote of confidence in me. Thank you for being a great person." I gave her a hug. "And now I need to get home to my wife." 

"You're welcome. I just thought you might wanted to know." She turned to leave. As she walked out of the door, I wondered how much she really knew or suspected. But right now I knew I had to get home. I had some plans to make. 

...to be continued...