 On the way home I stopped at Ellen's house to drop off the assignments. She answered the door in a sheer housecoat that clung to her fabulous body showing off all her wonderful assets but it was her face that took my attention. It was swollen, both eyes blackened, her lip bruised and cut. 

"Hi," I said, trying to be casual. "Here are the assignments you'll need for tomorrow." 

"Thanks. I would invite you in but under the circumstances..." her voiced trailed off. 

"What circumstances?" I asked, even though I had no intention of ever entering that house again. 

"Your wife will be charged with assault and battery. I've called an attorney already." 

"Oh, Ellen. Come on. She caught us in bed together. How would you expect her to react?" 

"Well, maybe you can come in and talk me out of it." She said, letting the housecoat fall open, exposing that beautiful smooth pussy.

My dick responded almost immediately and I could feel myself becoming light headed. Fighting the feelings, I told her "no, I don't think so." I turned and walked back to my truck and headed home. 

I arrived home just as Lauren was pulling into the driveway. 

"Feel better now?" she asked. 

I assured her I felt much better but needed to talk. We came inside, changed clothes and began fixing dinner. 

"So what do you want to talk about?" she asked. 

I told her I had gone by Ellen's to drop off some paperwork and that I didn't go into the house and that I never planned to go into her house again and that unfortunately our friendship was over. I also told her about how Ellen was planning on pressing charges against her. 

"Oh, I don't think so," she replied. She reached over and showed me a small bottle with about 6 pills in it. 

"What's this?" I asked. 

"Roofies, date rape pills. She drugged you." She said. "Why don't you call Ellen with this little bit of information and tell her you have her pills. She might want to reconsider calling her attorney." 

I wasted no time getting to the phone. After a quick conversation, Ellen was begging me not to press charges against her. 

"Well done, baby girl. But how did you know?" I asked. 

"A few days ago Ellen had asked me about that sauce we had used at the bar-b-que last time she was here. I told I would get some for her next time I was at the store. Well, I happened to remember to get some yesterday and was going by her house to drop it off. I was surprised to see your truck there but went on up to the door and knocked. No one answered so I thought maybe you were around back by the pool so I went inside and was going to put the sauce on the kitchen counter. I noticed the blender and the Margarita mix and the booze and started wondering what was going on? I looked around and noticed this bottle on the windowsill. I was pretty sure at that time I knew what they were, but wanted to be positive so I put them in my pocket till I could check them out later. I then heard your voices." 

Lauren paused, taking a deep breath. "It was quite a sight seeing my husband's head between another woman's legs. It was as if I was rooted to that spot and couldn't move. It was like seeing a bad accident. You want to look away but you can't. I had to stand there and watch you, hearing her moans of delight and seeing you fuck her hard and furiously. But I knew this wasn't your behavior. In your right mind there is no way you would have ever crossed that line with Ellen. You had known her too long and liked her too much as a friend to risk it for sex. That's when I realized my first thoughts about the pills must be correct. She had drugged you with the pills. I always told you she wanted to be more than friends." 

"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you." I said, hugging her tightly. "You know you are the only one I love." 

"Yes. But unfortunately, I am not the only one you fuck." 

"I promise you my baby girl, you will be from now on. But I have to ask that you trust me because there is some business I have to take care of with Michelle." 

"What do you have planned?" she asked me. 

"Come." I took her hand and led her to the bedroom. I went in the closet and retrieved the wooden paddle. Lauren looked at me and her eyes got wide, her hands moving around to her rear to cover it. And with good reason. There had been times when she had stepped out of line and needed a reminder. At those time, when discipline was needed, she had been over my knees and on the receiving end of this paddle more than once and knew the pain it could bring and the damage it could do. More than a few times her ass was set on fire as the paddle was placed with force on her bare bottom, leaving welts and bruises and making it very uncomfortable to sit for a couple of days afterwards. 

"What are you planning to do with that?" She asked. 

"Oh my little girl, this is not for your bottom. Not this time, anyway." I gave her a playful tap with the paddle on her rear. "This paddle has a date with Michelle. I have other plans for you. Come here." 

I pulled her on top of me and begin kissing her mouth and face removing her top and bra as I did. My mouth found her large soft nipples and begin sucking and biting on them causing the nipples to harden like little berries in my mouth. I knew she liked her breasts sucked and bitten on and I continued giving her the pleasure I knew she was enjoying. As much as I wanted to make love to my wife, I knew my dick was still recovering and I would not be able to enter her. 

Pulling her pants down, I placed my hand between her legs just barely touching her pussy lips. She began moaning and grinding against my hand. She was so wet. I placed a finger inside her warm, wet pussy and felt her beginning to squirm and move her hips around more forcefully. I inserted another finger easily and then a third one. She was crying out and thrashing around and as I began to suck on her nipples I felt a gush of wetness on my hand and I knew she had come. Without giving her time to react I moved my head between her legs and began biting and sucking on her pussy lips. I would have really liked to ask her to maybe start shaving hers but didn't think this was a good time to mention it. I continued licking and sucking her pussy lips, teasing her clit, pushing my tongue into her wet, slick vagina until she cried out from what was to be one of the many more orgasms she was to experience as the night progressed. 

 be continued...