 Damn! I muttered to myself as the car began to sputter. What the..? Before I could even begin to wonder about the cars condition, it just stopped. It stopped in the middle of the road and began to roll.

No! I shouted. I really don't know why I was talking to myself, but there was nothing else I could do. So I steered it over to the edge of the road and put the emergency parking brake on. What could be wrong? I wondered. Oh well, here I was, lost in the middle of some sort of farmland, with a broken down car. I sighed to myself. Just my luck, I thought.

This day was going great. The day I decide to run away, to escape my fathers abuse, the fucking car breaks down in the middle of no mans land. Great. He probably was too cheap to put gas in it I thought, rolling my eyes. I sat in the car and lit a cigarette. The lighter still worked. It felt good to have that tobacco in my lungs, even in the sweltering weather when I usually hacked up a lung when around any kind of smoke.

I got out of the car, and without trying to figure the damn thing out, I began to walk. I walked forward, because I hadn't remembered seeing any houses in my path. I grabbed my few belongings: my inhaler, sunglasses, cigarettes, and lighter before I left the car. No use in others having my stuff, I thought. And so I walked and walked until my legs seemed as if they would give out on me, and I sat down beside the road.

There had been no traffic on this gravel road. Nothing, not even a tractor had passed. And with my short clingy cotton dress on, I would have been able to hitch a ride easily. I sat for a while before I heard something....singing...and something else....like weeds around me rustling. I stood up, but couldn't see over the high corn. what was this place I'd gotten myself lost in? Where was I?

I thought of Field of Dreams, and contemplated seriously walking through the corn to wherever it may lead, but then laughed it off. This was not a movie, there wasn't going to be an angel in the cornfield. But I did hear something, so I humored myself and began to tread through the corn. The singing grew closer, and I could tell it was a man's voice. Saved, I thought.

I ran towards the sounds, but then they seemed to be coming from another direction. I ran that way, then they were coming from yet another direction. Suddenly I was lost again. I was turned around, and didn't know which was the way back to the road. So I ran. One way, I ran, and kept running. I ran until it sounded ass if someone was chasing me. I looked behind me and- BAAM! I hit the ground like a brick. I lied there for a second, wondering what had happened, then I heard heavy breathing. Something or someone was blocking the sunlight. I sat up as to see better, and I saw him.

He was standing before me, looking as shocked as I was. Now I saw why Id been knocked over. He was tall and lanky, but solid from what I could see. He was wearing black trousers and a white shirt and black hat. But what was he? Who was he? Where was I? I sat up and held my throbbing head.

I groaned. A-are you- are you alright? I heard him say. I looked up at him and finally saw the depth and attractiveness of his face. It was then that I realized I was sitting with my legs apart in a dress, and my underwear wasn't exactly very covering. Realizing he could probably see my pubic hair, I blushed and drew my legs together, covering them. He was staring at me. He seemed afraid of me. He seemed shocked.

I'm fine, I finally said. He continued to stare. Fascinated he seemed with me, as he studied every inch of me. I took this opportunity to stare back. He was taller than I thought, and his boyish face was bronzed by the sun, His clothes were simple, and he was sweating profusely, which for some reason, made me extremely aroused. I looked downwards to see a bulge in his pants. A HUGE bulge. I quickly looked away.

Where am I? He extended his hand to me. I am Joseph. You are at my family's farm. How did you get here? He said all this while helping me to my feet. I-my car...broke down... He was still staring. I... heard someone singing, and I need help, so....

Your car.... he repeated. Broke down... Yeah, I said. Ran out of gas or something, I don't know. Is there-I mean, so you have a phone I could use? He looked at me in awe. We....we don't...we don't have....phones. I stood, puzzled by this.

You don't....um....ok..... I looked once more at his attire, and thought. Why not? I asked dumbly. He laughed nervously and said, We-we don't believe in them. he laughed again as if he knew a secret I didn't, and looked me up and down. Then it hit me. OH! You mean you're-you're...?

Yes, he said, we are Amish.

I laughed, confusing him. No, I said, I'm not laughing at you, its just...it was so obvious, I didn't even... He smiled and turned away from me abruptly. I stopped my mindless giggling. Wha'ts wrong? I asked.

His voice cracked as he said to me, Your clothes. they are...a sin here... He looked at me again. If I was caught talking to you... I drew nearer to him, not by my own control. I just need...help.... I said breathily. Something was drawing me towards him, and I suddenly found myself so aroused I couldn't move or speak. He turned towards me once more.

I stood, breathing heavily, wanting him. You are...beautiful, though. I would risk getting caught.... he blushed and then turned away again. It was that, that boyish statement that you could say, sprung me into action. I spun him around and kissed him, hard. I didn't use my tongue, I just wanted to feel his lips on mine. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him passionately until he pushed me away.

Now I was really aroused. I had felt something. Something that I knew was not a wrench in his pocket. He looked at me shocked. I--I'm sorry, I said, out of breath. He looked me straight in the eye. what did you do to me? he asked, as if I had done something terribly wrong. But then he stepped forward and his hand reached out. He began stroking my hair.

Your hair.... he said. what?

I asked, in a fog of desire. Its beautiful...the way the sun hits it...I have never seen hair this color before... he smiled and continued to stroke my hair.

What, don't you get redheads around here? I laughed.

He leaned toward me. what are you? he whispered.

I leaned forward and kissed him again, this time barely brushing his lips with mine. I sensed that he didn't know what to do, and I took his hand, guiding it to my waist, his other still in my hair, and brought him to me. This time I took it slowly, kissing and gently nibbling on his lower lip before bringing him forward and letting my tongue brush his lips. He opened his mouth a little more, and I slid my tongue in, he tasted good, his mouth was hot and wet as my tongue danced with his.

He groaned as I pushed my pelvis into his, feeling his huge erection on my abdomen. I moved my hand down, gently touching it, and he tightened. I stopped kissing him just long enough to take down my panties. He looked at me puzzled and wantonly. I began to undo his trousers and his shirt. His body was incredible.

Sinewy muscles moved beneath smooth skin, and that trail of hair leading into his trousers, leading me to what I knew would be extraordinary. His shirt off, I kissed his broad shoulders, his neck, his nipples, his stomach, then getting down on my knees, I took down his trousers. He was breathing hard and making little noises, and I knew he had no idea what I was going to do to him. It surprised me to see that he had on no underwear, and his penis was large and erect. I looked up at him before gently kissing the tip. He responded by moaning and acted as if my touch was like lightening. I kissed the tip and moved my other hand to fondle his testicles.

He moaned more, and then I lost it, and took him in my mouth (well, as much of him as I could get), sucking and licking and slobbering madly at his manhood. Finally I couldn't take it anymore, and I stood up. He looked confused. I smiled and began to unbutton my dress. I wasn't wearing a bra, and the sight of him staring at my hard nipples and further down, my red pubic hair, excited me more than anything.

I sat down on my dress, leaning back on my elbows. Come here, I said, opening my legs. He stood motionless for a moment, then walked towards me. Kneel down between my legs, I commanded him. He had no idea what to do, and I realized I had to guide him. He knelt and stared at my private regions like he was seeing a wonder of the world. I moved forward and positioned him at my entry. He moaned and I grabbed him and thrust him forward into me. I cried out as I did so, his size made it an immensely wonderful mix of pleasure and pain.

He stopped all at once. Am I hurting you? he asked with genuine concern. No, I said huskily, just keep moving, like this, in and out. it feels good. I said, guiding him in and out of me by gripping his hips and thrusting him forward and then back. Eventually he understood and began to thrust on his own, only harder, making me cry out. Sensing my pleasure, he began pumping faster and faster, moving slickly in and out of me. I wrapped my legs around him and encouraged him to go faster and harder.

Finally he rested his hands on the ground beside my face, and began to pound and pump me, causing me both pain and indescribable pleasure. I felt him tightening and I screamed, knowing he was on his way. I too could feel the orgasm building up from deep inside me. When he exploded into me, I too, burst, screaming and shivering with orgasmic bliss. He screamed also and shouted before collapsing on top of me. Breathing hard and both sweaty, we had just experienced something beyond words.

Finally, after minutes of silence, he asked innocently, What was that? I laughed, and he said. Can we do it again?

I said to him smiling. You haven't seen anything yet.