 I'm waiting for you, my Love... Waiting for you to walk through the door... Waiting for you to see me here, warm and soft and willing...ready for your nirvanic embrace.

I know your eyes will glitter with hot desire as your heated gaze strokes my body from my toes to my head...with delicious teasing as you pause to contemplate the delights my tanned and naked body offer you. 

I know too that when your eyes finally meet mine, they will be burning with a fierceness of passion that will steal my breath...make me gasp and shiver and ache for your touch.

Very slowly and deliberately, you will undress, never once breaking our gaze. I start to writhe and moan softly. Your passionate intentions are oh so perfectly clear in your eyes, spurring on my desire.....oh, my sweetest Love...

That slow, gentle touch; the briefest caress here, there...nibbling butterfly kisses on skin...now you are toying with me, building my passion higher. My body feels on fire, all shimmery and light, my breath coming in short little gasps of want and need.

Like a virtuoso, you know how to play the instrument my body becomes in your embrace. I feel myself spinning higher as you cover me with your strong hard body, your hands and lips growing more demanding.

I tremble beneath you, my craving for you spiraling out of control. Like a butterfly, I open my thighs, and I feel you settle between them, the hard heat of your cock teasingly against my aching core.

I cry out your name, taste it as I say it, and long for other tastes of you...your tongue, your skin, your throbbing cock, your hot salty cum. Still you toy with me, rubbing against my pussy, feeling me grow wet with need. You whisper in my ear of your desires, wanton pleasures, and unbridled lust. I am more than ready to satisfy those desires, more than ready to completely abandon myself to your every wish.

I feel you position yourself at my entrance, thrusting lightly to spread my juices on its head, and I moan. In one swift movement, you bury your thick shaft fully in my hungry wet pussy, grinding against me as I lift my hips to take you in deeper. 

Kissing me deeply, you begin to thrust into me, each strong deep stroke fueling my need. Oh yes, fuck me my love, ride me hard, use me well, slake your thirst...

You roll to your back, taking me with you. Astride you, I impale myself on your hard length, rocking my hips and grinding on it, while you tease my nipples with soft caresses and teasing pinches.

My hands join yours on my breasts before sliding down to feel our joined bodies. I want you deeper, deeper....oh yes; fuck yes, yes, yes... I roll off of you, writhing and gasping, wet beyond belief, lost in desire, willing to surrender to your every whim, your pleasure heightening mine.

You guide me to the edge of the bed, telling me to taste my juices on your cock. I open my mouth and taste your salty pre-cum mixed with my honeyed nectar, an intoxicating elixir, and I lavish attention on your shaft, licking, sucking, teasing. I begin to moan and writhe, your hands seeking my hair, tilting my head back, fully sheathing yourself in my throat.

I gag, feeling juices squirt from my pussy, and take you in deeper. For a long moment, I am suspended, and I feel your cock throb in my throat. You pull away, letting me catch my breath before burying yourself in my throat again, and again, and again.  

Now you pull my legs up, and, spreading my wet pink lips, feast on my juices, sucking and teasing my clit, all the while fucking my throat. My hands slid up your thighs, caress your balls, then pull your closer, deeper. 

I am at the edge of orgasm when you pull away, positioning me on hands and knees, one hand guiding your cock to my pussy. I feel your hard length slide into me as you hold my shoulders and fuck me masterfully. I fuck back at you, urging you on, my hands sliding under me to rub my clit. 

You know my body so well, know my every move, sense my rapidly approaching orgasm. Just as I reach the edge, you pull out of me, and fit your cock, so wet with my juices, to the rosebud of my ass, and thrust home. 

I fly over the edge, into an orgasm so intense, so shattering. I feel you pumping smoothly into my ass as you cum, the jumping of your cock, so intense in the tightness of my ass filling me with your hot cum. Exhausted, we fall away from each other, fully sated.

I hear a noise, and I see you standing in the doorway. I shiver; a slow smile playing about your lips. I'm waiting, my Love...