 My first attempt at writing something slightly longer. It starts slow but builds as I wanted to make this vaguely more realistic that just a quickie. Again, I've glossed over long conversations, partly because I don't think I'm very good at them, but also because it just seemed to slow things down unnecessarily.



Introduction

I walked quickly down the suburban street. Rows of almost identical small houses passed on either side, anonymous in their ubiquity, as I counted the house numbers to myself. Not wanting my eagerness to show to any passer-by, I tried to keep my pace steady as my mind wandered back over the past few days. I could hardly believe this was happening to me, yet it was true.

We had first made contact through an on-line dating service. Having chatted via e-mail a few times, the e-mails had slowly got saucier and saucier with innuendo, and then obvious sexual references. We had eventually arranged to meet in-person at a local pub during the lunch hour. Public, and safe, yet quiet enough that we could talk easily without being overheard.

The First Date

I had arrived first, and waited near the entrance to greet her when she arrived. I can remember clearly the very second she walked through the door. Perhaps five-foot eight or nine in her high heels, wearing a plain, straight denim mini-skirt skimming the top of her thighs, bare tanned legs and brown ankle-strap sandals with four-inch high stiletto heels. Her top was a simple white cotton blouse, off-the-shoulder with a little lace trim along the elasticated top-edge, and no sign of any bra-straps showed to spoil her wonderfully bare shoulders. Her firm breasts bulged enticingly under the blouse, which was pulled low down over both shoulders to almost half-way down her upper-arms. Was she wearing a strapless bra under that blouse, or not? I couldn't tell, and thinking back, I guess that was half the point? Even now, I smile at the memory of that very subtle tease.

Her subtly high-lighted brunette hair was tied loosely back in a long pony-tail, held in place by a denim scrunchy that matched her skirt, and a simple hoop of thin gold was threaded through each ear ear-lobe, large enough to almost touch her shoulders, and bang enticingly against her bare neck with each bouncing step. It was an understated sexyness that wouldn't draw too much unwanted attention on a first date, nothing that would look out of place in the late summer sun. Yet it was very apparent that she had put a lot of thought into what she would wear, what I might like, for our first meeting after those many weeks of exchanging e-mails.

It was her eyes that stood out though. Pale sky-blue eye-shadow drew the attention immediately, blended up to fade away into an almost white high-light just under the brow. I couldn't look away. A slightly deeper royal-blue eye-liner had been applied thickly all around her eyes, and especially on the water-line, making her eyes seem even larger and brighter, they sparkled and glinted as she passed though a sunbeam from the windows. Several coats of matching royal-blue mascara added the final touch of glamour to that simple, yet utterly enticing image. "Eyes you could drown in" was all I could think of, even though it was an old cliché. She smiled as she approached me at the bar, her lips coated in shining frosted pale-pink lipstick. She didn't stand out from the crowd too much, yet she was very clearly the most attractive woman in the room.

"You look fantastic" was all I could I could think of to say. It seemed a hopelessly inadequate compliment at her effortless beauty, but at that moment I was interrupted by the barman. I covered my sudden lack of vocabulary by ordering our drinks, and we retreated to a booth towards the back of the bar where it was quieter. When she picked up her drink, I noticed that her fingernails were painted the exact same colour as her lips, a delicate shade of frosted pink. I could feel my erection growing just as I looked at her, and was glad we were sitting down, it would have been embarrassingly obvious had we been standing up.

I vaguely remember us chatting happily for the entire time allowed to us in our lunch hour, although I can hardly remember anything of what was said that first time. I was so entranced by those eyes, and that beautiful blue eye makeup, that I felt as if I was almost babbling incoherently. Whatever I said, all I knew was that she smiled a lot, lighting up her face and making me want to kiss those lipsticked lips. But I resisted the impulse. This was only our first date after all, and I didn't want to come across too strong in case I scared her off. The time passed far too quickly, and once or twice our knees had touched accidentally under the small table as we leaned close to talk.

When our time was up, I led her back out to her car in the car park, enjoying the click-clicking of her stiletto heels on the concrete as she walked. I wanted to just stand back and admire that walk, but stayed as close as I dared. She stopped to get her keys out of her bag, and I leaned in to kiss her goodbye. I was very surprised when, although I was clearly aiming for her smooth cheek, at the last second she turned her head and our lips met, I tasted her lipstick. Fantastic. I tried not to show my surprise, and I held that kiss for as long as I had dared, my hands cupping her bare shoulders, before I slowly pulled away. Then, feeling bold, I leaned in again, and kissed her a second time, she responded by stepping even closer and putting her arms around my waist. It only lasted a few seconds, long enough to seem like little more than a friendly kiss to any casual observers, yet a definitely longer than was necessary.

"You did fine" she had whispered, smiling up at me. "Same time tomorrow?" I must have been grinning like an idiot, but I didn't care.

The Second Date

Again I had arrived first, and found a spot slightly further away from the entrance, as today the bar was more crowded. She was a few minutes late, and I was just starting to get worried when the door opened and in she walked. At first I was disappointed, she was just wearing a simple grey business suit! But as she made her way through the throng towards me I took in the details, and my disappointment had turned to sheer delight by the time she reached my side.

The tight pencil-skirt ended just above her knees, and was slit high up one leg. Each step she made flashed her beautiful legs, and a lace stocking-top from the sheer black stockings could just be glimpsed. The simple black patent court shoes had a full five-inch high very thin stiletto heel. As she came towards me on those fantastic high-heeled shoes, I could see that she walked without any awkwardness or difficulty despite the height and thinness of the heels. Each step was accompanied by a delicious swaying of her hips that harkened back to the days of the great movie sirens from the 1950's and 60's. On those high heels, she walked with a practiced ease and nonchalance that spoke volumes to my admiring eyes. She could happily wear even higher heels when she wanted.

Her suit jacket, cut quite low at the front, fitted closely over her curves. A wide belt, pulled tight, emphasised the narrowness of her waist and the fullness of her breasts and hips. She had curves to melt a man's heart. At first I didn't spot any sort of blouse under the suit jacket, and when she was next to me I saw why. This close up, I could see a glimpse of a black lace half-cup bra. She caught me staring at her almost-exposed breasts under her jacket, but instead of reproaching, she looked up into my eyes and smiled, clearly enjoying the effect she was having on me.

Her hair was worn long and loose today, in contrast to the business suit, and it gently softened the sharp lines, making her look less severe and even more feminine, as if there could ever be any doubt. Long elegant strands of fine gold chain dangled from each ear, the earrings each ending in a small diamante that rested on her shoulders, and peeped through her hair.

Her makeup was less colourful than the day before, yet even more dramatic. A pale silver-white high-lighting eye-shadow had been applied all the way to the brows, and then this blended softly into a deep smoky-look of a dark silver-grey shadow all around her eyes. Jet-black eye-liner was formed to a sharp point in the inner-corner of her eye, extended heavily all around both the lower and upper lids, and on the waterline, to extend out in a long sweep beyond the outer-corner, where it blended into the deep silver-grey eye-shadow. Several coats of black mascara extended and enhanced her lashes to their utmost, taking my breath away with the beauty and simplicity of the effect.

Her smile was just as dramatic. A deep ruby-red lipstick had replaced the subtle frosted pink of the day before, and my desire to kiss those lips was an almost physical urge that I couldn't resist. I leant down, and gently touched my lips to hers. She pushed herself closer, her soft lips pushing into mine gently. Her fingers, with ruby-red fingernails that matched her delicious lips, held the back of my neck enticingly for a brief few seconds before she pulled away.

"I had hoped you'd like this," she said, and before I could make some laughably hopeless comment on her beauty, she looked down pointedly at the very obvious bulge in my trousers, "and that's as big a compliment as any girl could want." I felt like I was blushing a red as deep as her lipstick as she continued to stare at my erection for a few more seconds. Then she looked back up to my face, giggled out loud, and smiled at me

"Oh, that will never do" she tutted. Reaching out, she cupped my cheek with her hand and wiped some transferred lipstick from my lips with her thumb, much to the amusement of the other bar patrons around us. I didn't care. The taste of those lips and that lipstick had been nectar to me. I had to have more. As I busied myself ordering drinks, she quickly got a small compact mirror and lipstick out of her bag, and expertly touched up her makeup where our kiss had smudged it slightly.

We wandered towards the back of the pub again, finding our booth from the day before empty. She sat down so that the slit in her skirt was towards me, and the act of sitting had hitched her skirt very slightly up her legs. Glancing down, I could now see half an inch of smooth flesh above her lace stocking-top. The ache in my groin increased as another surge of blood pumped through my already erect penis.

As we talked, laughed, and joked, my feelings of bravery grew slowly, and so I slipped a hand beneath the table and gently placed it on her knee. She stopped talking, and for a second I thought I might have gone too far too quickly for her. My fears were soon allayed as she smiled and also dropped a hand beneath the table. I felt her hand land softly on top of mine on her knee, and with a slight rustle from the silk lining of her skirt against the nylon of her stockings, she opened her legs a fraction and slowly pushed my hand up her thigh over the smooth nylon of her sheer stockings, to feel the lace of her stocking-tops and the elastic of the suspender.

Slowly I moved my hand over her thigh as high as I dared and back down again, caressing gently back and forth. I was revelling in the feeling of her stockings, the lacy stocking-tops, and the suspenders, under my fingers as the conversation resumed. I could feel the smooth skin of her inner thigh, just above the top of the stockings, quiver slightly under my touch as I reached the top of each slow stroke, up and down, while we talked. Her hand slowly wandered from my hand, up my arm, and eventually landed itself gently on my thigh, where she matched my slow stroking of her leg.

The lunch hour passed far too quickly for me, but the world intruded and we both had to return to work. Hand in hand, fingers entwined, I walked her out to her car, wanting to look down at her beautiful high-heeled shoes as they clicked with each erotic step. When we reached her car she turned to face me, and I put my hand out to cup her smooth cheek. I leaned in close, tipping her head back with my hand, and my kiss was returned with a hunger I had not expected. She tilted her head slightly, lips parted and her tongue darted into my mouth. I eagerly returned the favour, tasting her lipstick, our tongues twirled and probed each others mouths.

My arms went around her waist and I pulled her close, pressing my hard cock into her abdomen as it twitched inside my trousers. Her arms went around my neck, and she pulled herself into me and ground herself against me just as hard. Kissing me even more eagerly, she suddenly slipped a hand down between us and grabbed the stiff hot hard flesh of my rock hard penis through the intervening material. Her fingers tightened around my now throbbing cock, with only the bulk of my body blocking the view of what she was doing from any pub patrons who happened to be looking our way.

We were both out of breath from the long, long kiss when our lips eventually parted. She smiled warmly up, and again wiped the smudge of lipstick from my lips. I didn't care. I could have happily worn it all day as a badge of pride I was so hot for her, but I knew she was right. It wouldn't make a good impression in the office.

"Let's not come to the pub tomorrow?" She said, and pressed a small piece of paper into my hand as her eyes held mine for what seemed like forever. I looked down, it was an address.

The Third Date

So here I was, walking down the street towards her house. I was going to be a few minutes early. Would that look too eager? Would it scare her off? I could only hope, but I didn't want to delay. I needed her. It was that simple. I glanced around quickly as I walked up the path to the front door. I couldn't see anybody else on the street, and there was no twitching of neighbour's curtains that I could notice. I rang the bell.

After a few seconds the door opened, and I gasped audibly at the sight that met my eyes. I have always been a very visual person, and I could have looked at her forever.

"Oh, wow!" was all the inarticulate mumble I could manage. She was wearing a skin-tight leather micro mini-dress, it was strapless and low-cut, her breasts barely contained. Her shapely legs were encased in sheer black stockings, with at least two inches of lace tops visible below the very short hemline. She wore black leather court shoes with ankle straps and easily six-inch high needle-thin stiletto heels. I hardly knew where to look first. I could feel my cock starting to stiffen in my trousers already, just from how she was dressed.

Her long hair was worn loose, similar to yesterday at the pub, but a black velvet-covered alice-band held it back slightly, and framed her beautiful face. Around her long neck was a narrow black velvet choker, and large, wide silver-coloured hoop earrings dangled from each ear, almost touching her shoulders and banging against her neck as she smiled up at me and motioned me to enter.

Her makeup was just perfection, and I wanted to take in every nuance. Her eyes were heavily made up with a wonderful combination of blues, and both light and dark shades of purple, that blended out all around her eyes right up to the brows and far out to the sides. A wide band of black eye-liner went completely around her eyes, and on her waterline, right from the inner corner, to wing out and blend with the deep blues and mauves of her eye shadow. Mascara had been applied in many coats to extend her lashes even more than yesterday, or was she wearing some beautiful and subtle false lashes? I didn't care. Her eyes just looked so wonderful I wanted to stare into them forever. This look was far more dramatic than the smoky-eye look in the pub yesterday, and I could feel myself getting even harder just looking at her makeup.

Her lips and fingernails were a very deep, dark metallic purple colour that matched one of the colours in her eye makeup, and shimmered and glistened as she spoke. Oops. She was speaking, and I hadn't been paying attention, I was so distracted by her dress and makeup. I quickly regained my concentration to listen.

"Well, don't just stand there, silly, come on in." She said, and closed the door behind me as I stepped into the hallway. "Do you like this look? I wasn't sure if the choker was too much?"

I stopped her, looked her up and down with obvious lasciviousness, then spoke gently. "You look utterly beautiful." I said. "I don't have the words to describe how stunning, how fantastic, or how arousing, you are at this moment." I knew it sounded corny as hell, but I didn't care.

"Good." She whispered, her voice barely audible. "I wanted today to be special."

"It is already." I hastily replied, and taking her face in my hands I kissed her, tasting her delicious lipstick. Her arms came up around my neck, her hands in my hair and she pulled herself into me, our bodies crushed together, tongues intertwining. I put one arm around her waist and held her tight, feeling my erection grow hard and fast, pushing against her abdomen. We kissed, and kissed, and kissed for what seemed like an age, enjoying every second of her lips, tongue, lipstick, and body pressed hard against me. Eventually we parted, breathless.

"And we haven't even started yet...", she said with a mischievous grin and a giggle that sent tingles of excitement up my spine. "Come on through to the living room," and taking my hand she led the way. As she walked, each step flashed tantalising glimpses of lace stocking top, black lace suspender, and exquisitely smooth shapely thigh above the stocking top.

There was a bottle of wine, two glasses, and a corkscrew laid out ready, but we never got to them. She pushed me down onto the sofa and then sat on my lap, straddling me. I could feel my erect penis pushing hard against my trousers, it felt like I could almost fuck her even through the layers of material as again our lips met again, mouths wide open, our tongues tousled and played with each others, and she ground her crotch hard down onto my rock hard cock as we kissed.

I knew now that my previous caution from the days before had not been necessary, and I let my hands explore all over her body as she sat astride me. Still kissing, she frantically undid the buttons on my shirt, and pulled it off me, my hands caressed her legs in their wonderful sheer stockings, feeling their way up to the exposed lace stocking-tops and elastic suspenders. I felt even further up her legs, around her thighs following the rear suspenders with my fingers, up under the very short skirt to fondle and squeeze her peach-like bottom. I explored further around. Feeling the dent between her butt cheeks and the string of a tiny lace thong between them that came up from underneath, I followed it down with my fingers as the intense tongue-kissing continued unabated. Slowly, about as far as I could reach from this angle, I just felt the small puckered opening of her anus under the thin lace string, and I gently caressed it. This drew a sharp gasp of pleasure from her, and I felt her anus twitch and relax slightly.

She eased backwards, and now my reach wasn't long enough. Her bottom slipped out of reach. Her arms came from around my neck and went down to my trousers. Swiftly she unbuckled my belt, undid the button, and then very slowly unzipped my fly. My underpants could hardly contain my cock, and it stretched the material upwards. She brushed her fingertips with those gorgeous deep purple painted nails over the straining cloth and felt hot flesh beneath, relishing the effect she had on me, before she gently eased my underpants down to release my penis. It sprang up between us, already some pre-cum juice evident on the tip.

"I want you so much," I whispered, barely able to breathe as I struggled to contain my desire.
