 **This story revolves around a fictional religious Cult referred to as 'Lanzarote'. Any similarities in this story between this fictional Cult or an actual religion or Cult are purely coincidental.** 

"Three days?! It took you three days to call me back?" Dana chastised her friend over-the-phone.

"I know, but let's just say the last few days have been un-like anything I've ever experienced before." Stacy explained.

"I don't get it. All day Thursday you're on the phone with me every ten minutes telling me how you're packing your car and moving-out. You need a break from Jimmy once and for all. I tell you you're welcome to come here for a while until you two work things out, again. I even moved one of my kids out of their room so you'd have your own space then you just evaporate and I don't hear anything from you. Did you and Jimmy make-up again?" Dana asked accusingly.

"What? No. I'm sitting at a repair shop waiting for my car to get fixed." Stacy replied.

"No doubt because you're driving that old Honda with 250,000 miles on it while your lump of a husband has his nice new Camaro. What happened and where are you?" Dana asked her friend.

"I'm like two hours away from your house. So I packed-up my car and was driving to your house on Thursday, but because the registration is way expired on my car I didn't want to take the highway and risk getting a ticket so I took the back-roads..."

"That was stupid." Dana interjected. "You didn't go through the mountains did you?"

"Yes. I took highway 81, the old road. It's a nice drive at first, goes through a lot of farmland. It was kind of relaxing actually and I might have enjoyed it more if my heater worked."

"Anyways, so I'm on the 81 and it starts to climb into the mountains and a few minutes later my car starts acting-up. It didn't have any power, then it made some strange noises and finally it just quit. I coasted to the side of the road and it wouldn't re-start."

"Wait, it rained here over the weekend which means it probably snowed up there." Dana interrupted.

"Yeah, it did. It was so cold and there was absolutely no one on that road. I sat there and shivered for two hours. I had every blanket I'd packed covering me, but I had no food and I was hungry and so cold. Then it started getting dark, my cell phone had no service and I was really scared."

"So what happened?" Dana asked, forgetting that she was mad and now hung on her friends every word.

"Well I didn't know what I was going to do. I mean I kept thinking someone was going to drive-by at some point but no one did. It was so scary. But then I saw an SUV pull-up behind my car."

"So this guy gets out. He's in his early 40's maybe. Tall, in-shape and just starting to go grey. He walked-up to my door and asked if I needed help."

"Was he alone?" Dana asked.

"Yes, no one else was with him. He said his name was Mark and he looked friendly. I told him about what happened with my car. He opened the hood, poked around a little bit then closed it and said he thought something in the engine had broken and that the car would need to be towed."

"Did he his cell phone work?" Dana asked, now captivated by her friends story.

"No. Mark said that there was no coverage up in the hills where we were but he told me there was a town about thirty minutes ahead. He was headed to a hunting cabin he has not far from there and offered to drive me to town where he said the shop in-town would send a tow truck for my car and I could get a room."

"So what did you do?" Dana again asked.

"What other option did I have? It was freezing cold, I knew rain or snow was going to come and he was the first person I'd seen in the past couple of hours. I grabbed the few things I could cram into my hand bag and climbed into his SUV."

"Really?! Just you and this creepy guy cruising through the woods in his backwoods redneck mobile?" Dana quizzed.

"No, it was pretty nice actually. It was an older Pathfinder but seemed to run pretty well. It was obvious he'd driven those roads for quite a while; he seemed to know where every turn was and knew a lot of local history. To be honest, as we we're talking as he drove I started to feel like I'd known him for years."

"Was he married?" Was Dana's next question.

"No, he mentioned that he had been engaged but it had ended a while back. He said he works in Provo as a high school history teacher."

"Wait, he says he works in Provo? What was he doing almost 100 miles away in the hills by himself?" Dana wanted to know.

"Friday was a holiday at his school and like I said he has a small cabin just outside of this town he was headed to when he came across where I was broken-down. He said he goes up there whenever he has a long weekend to do some hunting and fishing."

"Oh, yeah that doesn't sound creepy." Dana said sarcastically.

Stacy ignored the comment and said, "So by the time we get to the town it's snowing and like nine at night and the whole town seems to be closed-up tight. There was only one Motel, it was just a mom and pop place and were told that they were fully-booked because the road past the town, leading deeper into the mountains was closed due to a rock slide, which now that I think about it is probably why there wasn't more traffic on it."

"So what did you do?" Dana again asked.

"There was a bar in town which was open and Mark said they had a grill so we went in there and got something to eat. I didn't know what to do beyond that though. The owner of the local garage was in there. Mark and I talked to him and he said he'd send a truck down the hill in the morning to tow my car to his shop; he didn't think it would be anything too serious. Then Mark offered to let me stay at his cabin with him."

"You didn't do that did you?" Dana asked.

There was a long pause then Stacy answered, "Yes."

Dana was flabbergasted. "So let me get this straight. You meet this strange guy on the side of the road, go to a bar with him and then decide that staying the night in his secluded cabin is a good idea? What the hell were you thinking?!"

"That I needed a place to sleep for the night, and again Mark seemed like a nice guy and it felt like he was someone I'd known for years. So I went back to his cabin with him." Stacy explained.

"I don't believe what I'm hearing. First off, you know that technically speaking, in our religion we're never even supposed to be alone with a single man, let alone going to bars or spending the night with them. What are you going to tell me next, that you got drunk too?" Dana asked.

"Of course not, as you know I take my pregnancy very seriously. However had I not been pregnant I would have been tempted." Stacy replied.

"You can't be serious! We're never supposed to have alcohol! Have you completely lost your mind?! If any of the Elders had seen you, you would have been kicked-out forever!"

"If no one from our religion is ever supposed to be in a bar, how would the Elders ever know if any of us went to a bar?" Stacy asked rhetorically.

"They have their ways. You know we're never supposed to question their methods." Then Dana asked, "So what happened once you got to the cabin?" 

"We'll it was just as Mark had described, just a simple little cabin out in the woods about a ten minute drive from this little town. It had a small, living room and bathroom all downstairs and a decent-sized bedroom in the loft just above. He said his family had owned it for years but he was the only one who ever came-up there anymore."

"At least tell me you he let you have the bed and didn't make you take the sofa?" Dana asked.

There was another long pause then Stacy said "Well I slept in the bed, but Mark was in there with me."

"So he raped you. Good. I hope you're happy." Dana said flatly.

"No. Nothing of the sort actually. I've gotten ahead of myself so let me go back a little. You see when we left the grill..."

"You mean bar." Dana interrupted.

"...We we're driving to Mark's cabin and my breasts felt like they were going to explode! I hadn't expressed any milk since early that morning and I'd forgotten to do it when I was in the bathroom at the bar, er Grill. As soon as we started driving down the bumpy, gravel road which leads to his cabin I felt like my breasts were going to burst so I told Mark I needed him to pull over. He asked why and I figured I may as well be blunt and told him."

"Wait, You're already producing milk?" Dana asked.

"Yes. Women in my family seem to start producing milk early. My sister started at five months! It's kind of a pain if you ask me but it's how we're wired I guess." Stacy explained.

"Well then he gets this boyish grin on his face and tells me that he's never tasted breast milk before. You know maybe I would have reacted differently if Jimmy hadn't beat me earlier in the week, or if Mark hadn't been so nice but I thought about it for a minute, then I slowly un-buttoned my blouse, popped one of my breasts out of my bra and offered it to him."

"You didn't!" Dana exclaimed.

"Yep. It took him a moment to realize that I was serious but once he did, he stopped the SUV then he began sucking softly on my left breast. I'll be honest, it felt weird at first, it really did. Maybe it's because I'm used to how rough Jimmy always was, but then you know, I really felt myself getting turned-on by it. So I leaned my seat back and closed my eyes and then began rubbing on my belly and what I really wanted to do was rub, well, you-know-where but I didn't dare. Before I knew it Mark moved to my right breast. His mouth felt so good and I was so relaxed laying back in the seat with my eyes closed..."

"And your tits hanging-out." Dana flatly interjected.

"You know, it wasn't dirty, it just felt...Well, right somehow. I think it was about that time that we started to kiss."

The line went silent. Dana, for the first time was speechless. Finally she choked-out, "Then what happened?"

"We made-out for a few minutes. Dana, it felt so good, I mean he had such a gentle touch and I never felt safer then I did when I was in his arms. But a storm was moving-in and Mark said we had better get going before the storm hit. So I buttoned my shirt and put my seat back-up and Mark continued to drive towards his cabin.

"Do I want to ask what happened when you got there?" Dana asked.

"Well I'd probably better tell someone, I feel like I've been living in a dream! So we get to his cabin and he shows me around. It was just starting to sleet and I could hear it on the windows. Mark started the heater and then I realized I didn't have anything to wear to bed, I mean I had only grabbed what I could fit in my hand bag. I told Mark this and he found me a box in the top of a closet which he said belonged to his Sister, he seemed to think I'd be able to find something to wear in there. so I went upstairs to change while he brought-in the rest of the stuff from the SUV."

"Oh, so now you have dignity?" Dana said sarcastically.

Stacy ignored the comment and continued telling her story. "So I went upstairs and nothing in the box looked like it would fit me. I mean if I hadn't have been pregnant the clothes he got out for me probably would have fit but with my belly there was just no way, but the clothes I was wearing were all soaked from running from his SUV to the cabin so I stood there for a minute not knowing what to do."

"So what did you do?" Dana asked.

"The closet door was open a little and I saw some extra sheets on a shelf in there. So I grabbed one and made a Toga out of it. Pretty creative right?"

"Just tell me that you left your underwear on please." Dana said through clenched teeth.

"No, I couldn't. You see I'd waited so long earlier to express any milk my bra was wet and since I was, shall we say 'excited' my panties were pretty wet too. So anyways I make this Toga out of the bed sheet. Hey I was fully-covered so that should make you happy, right?"

"You haven't removed your Lanzarote have you?. You remember what that is don't you? The symbol of our commitment to our religion and to the Elders." Dana said, her voice thick with anger.

Stacy ignored the question and continued with her story.

"So I finished changing and came back downstairs and Mark had gotten soaked too and he was standing near the heater wearing only a pair of flannel boxers and a plain white T-shirt. I walked up to him. It was warm near where he was standing although it had been cold upstairs and my nipples were rock-hard. We didn't speak, I just took his face in my hands and we returned to making-out like we had in the car. He gently pushed me up against a wall and I could feel his bulging cock straining against the material of his boxers as his hands gently caressed every inch of my torso and swollen belly over the bed sheet, er Toga."

"I feel like I'm having a romance novel read to me. And a trashy one at that!" Dana sarcastically replied.

Stacy continued. "I don't remember going back upstairs but we must have at some point because the next thing I know we we're upstairs in his bedroom. I had the sheet tied onto my left shoulder and he untied it so slowly I thought I was going to burst! Then he let it drop to my feet. Then he slowly lowered me down into one of the softest beds I've ever been in before. I helped him remove his Boxers and shirt. I know how this must sound but it was then that I realized that we we're both laying there naked, but it just felt so right. I don't expect you to understand this." Stacy added.

"You're right, I don't understand this. What you've done is turned your back on everything we've ever been taught in our religion to say nothing of what you've done to your marital commitments..." 

Stacy cut her off and said, "Jimmy turned his back on our marital commitments a long time ago, last week wasn't the first time I've found him cheating. And he hasn't touched me since I told him I was pregnant."

"Our religion says that he can't touch you, er romantically when you are with child." Dana replied.

"Dana, our religion is a cult pure and simple and it says a lot of things. And if there is one thing this past weekend has taught me it's that there is a world beyond what we've been taught. We as women aren't allowed to have jobs outside of the home. We're treated at second-class citizens. We're told how to dress, how to act, what rules we have to follow, I could go on and on. The world has changed in the past 200 years. I will no longer be a part of any organization, least of all a cult where I as a woman have no say."

There was another long pause, Stacy waited for her friend to hang-up on her but Dana didn't. Instead she said, "I've heard this much I may as well hear the rest of the story."

"I was hoping you'd say that! Stacy, he did the most amazing thing, he crawled between my legs and began licking my pussy! I mean at first I didn't know what he was doing but it felt so incredible! He grabbed a hold of my thighs with his two hands and pulled my Pelvis right into his face! Honestly I thought I was going to loose it!"

"Ugh, such vulgarity! That sounds disgusting! I would never let any man even see my, er 'area' let alone put his face on it." Dana replied.

"You don't understand, it felt so amazing feeling Mark's tongue working its way around my pussy! That tingly feeling some of the women talk about in hushed tones? Well I felt it, maybe even two times while he was doing that. You really don't know what you're missing."

"And I never will. Remember, we're taught that sex is only for procreation and that deriving pleasure from the act is forbidden." Dana reminded her friend.

"Yeah, have you ever wondered why it is that we're forbidden from actually enjoying sex? Why are the Elders trying to prevent us from experiencing something which brings us closer to our partner and brings us so much enjoyment?" Stacy quizzed her friend.

Dana thought a moment then replied, "I don't know...I mean we're taught not to question what is written...You know if anyone found-out we we're even having a conversation like this we would both be in a lot of trouble you know."

After another awkward silence Dana asked in a hushed tone, "So did you allow him to enter you in the 'marital embrace'?"

"You mean did we fuck? Oh yeah, many times. He said we had to be careful because of my pregnancy so he couldn't lay on top of me like I was used to but Dana, there are so many things we did! First I was laying on my back on the edge of the bed when he took my legs and rested them on his shoulders then he allowed his cock to enter my pussy. He started slow but honestly soon he was going in and out of me very rapidly. That tingly feeling I mentioned earlier? Well I felt it again. In fact over the next couple of days I felt that feeling a LOT. We did it so many different ways Mark told me that each of these positions have names but I couldn't even begin to tell you what they are." Stacy replied.

"So how long did this, uh 'non-marital embrace' last?" Dana asked.

"I don't really know. I mean we'd fuck. Then we'd fall asleep listening to the sleet and the snow falling outside. It was late Thursday night when we had sex that first time. After that we spent much of the day in bed Friday while the storm raged-on outside. By the afternoon needless to say we we're both in-need of a shower, so we took one together; the whole day neither of us bothered to get dressed. Later the power went-out so we used candles which just made the whole thing all that more romantic. I'm telling you Dana it was incredible!"

"Are you sure he didn't slip something in your drink? This doesn't sound like the Stacy I've known since Middle School." Stacy said.

"I know, but I'm telling you Mark triggered something deep inside of me that I didn't even know was there! I'm almost thankful that my car broke-down! Do you want to hear more?" Stacy asked.

"Why not, I'm probably going to have to have a cigarette when we finish this phone call anyway." Dana replied.

"By Saturday morning we'd eaten pretty much all the food in the cabin, which wasn't much to begin with, but the weather was still not good enough to go to town so Mark braved the elements and caught some fish in a nearby creek. We ate, then spent the rest of the day and night in bed. Mark was tireless, although by this time I was starting to get sore and was even having a hard time walking so we mostly just laid in bed cuddling and talking."

"When Sunday morning came the snow had stopped for almost twelve hours so Mark was able to drive us back to town. We went by the repair shop first where the owner told me that he would have my car repaired by noon on Monday. Mark had to return to Provo but before he left he paid for a Motel room for me for the night and told me to call him when my car was done."

"Great. So it sounds like your car should be done soon. So I can expect you later this afternoon then? When you get here we'll sit-down with the book of the Lanzarote and that should help to put you back on the right track again." Dana said.

There was another pause then Stacy said flatly, "That's one of the reasons why I'm calling you. I'm not coming to your house. I want to thank you for your friendship and your generosity but my mind is made-up; I'm going to return home, hire an attorney and get what I deserve from Jimmy!"

"But that goes against what we're taught! Remember that the first line of the marriage act sates plainly 'A wife must be submissive to her husband in all circumstances. She must never be aggressive or go against his will, or the will of the Elders." Dana exclaimed.

"I know what it says. Believe it or not I have given it a lot of thought. While Mark was out fishing on Saturday I really did some soul searching and realized that the life I had been living-That I was raised in-Is no longer right for me. I realize now that a woman should never have to live in fear of being hit by her husband or bend to the whim of a collection of non-diplomatic old men.
