 Anne, Donna and Tim – you never saw one that the other two weren't close by.

Let us start our story by describing Anne Wolf. She is beautiful, sophisticated, tall and sexy, with skin like cocoa and legs that go on for miles. It seemed inevitable from a young age that she would become a model and she did do just that. She also graduated from high school with honors and from university Phi Beta Kappa while never turning down a lucrative modeling job. To no one's amazement, she negotiated all of her own contracts. Some people – those that didn't know her the way that Donna and Tim did – would have thought her cold and aloof. Yes, she could put on a cold veneer, but once she got to know you, the mask slipped and the warm smile appeared. Fiercely loyal to her friends, none were closer to her than Donna and Tim.

Our next player is Tim Denton – Timothy to the rest of his family. Only a select few got to know him well enough to call him Tim. Those two included the two young women who had been his best friends since the 10th Grade. Tim had dated both young women, although nothing serious had ever come of it. Anne was out of his league, she ran with the elite. Donna never settled down and didn't seem to want to. Tim came from a life of privilege and his trust fund alone, if well managed, would make him a billionaire by the time he reached the age of 40. Tim never gave a damn about money because he knew that it could buy friendships. His best friends, the highest in that group being Anne and Donna, had enough money of their own not to be intimidated by his. They liked Tim despite his riches, not because of them. Nor were they intimidated by the sometimes-snobbish Denton clan, which delighted Tim. His mother was the only one in his family who had not been born into wealth and she often counseled him not to let "those lovely girls" go too far away.

Last, but by no means least, is Donna D'Angelo - despite her blonde, petite good looks, was very much an Italian girl. Her parents were Sicilian and her father looked the part, although her mom had flaming red hair. Her family owned a successful winery, which Donna was preparing to take over one day. Her brothers were content to do as little as possible to earn their money, that wasn't true of Donna. She found business interesting and she liked to interact with people. It took her somewhat-traditional Papa a while to accept it was his daughter that would carry on the family legacy, but as he saw her dedication, he came to terms with it. Her mother was just thrilled that at last, a woman would prove to be as capable as any man. Donna, bless her heart, was so much better than her lazy sons. Andrea only hoped her daughter might still find love. At least she had her loyal friends, Anne and Tim, always by her side. She would never be lonely with those two loyal, steadfast companions.

Theirs was a complicated and complex relationship, full of twists and turns. It all worked out for the best and the telling of the tale begins here.

"I'm over here!" Anne waved as she saw Donna and Tim enter the café. She was thrilled to see that it was thriving and happy that she had convinced the others to throw in with her as investors. It was nice for them to have a place to congregate when they were all in the same city. That was happening far less than she would have liked these days.

"Wow," Donna gushed as she saw the fabulous new dress her best friend – female – was wearing – or barely wearing. "That is some dress, where the heck did you get that?"

"The designer made it especially for me, it was a gift," Anne said as she hugged Donna first and accepted a kiss on the cheek from Tim. "He got the better end of the deal, he was a dead fuck."

"Oh-my-gawd, you'll never change," Donna laughed at her friend's candor. "I'm currently between lovers as well and Tim just broke it off with Lynn."

"Really?" Anne leaned close. "Why can't you seem to find the right one, Timothy?"

"Because none of them are ever as interesting or sexy as the two of you," Tim said with the same candor Anne had displayed.

"Okay, that's Tim's reason explained, what about you, blondie?" Anne put her hand on top of Donna's. "I've seen some of your choices and, well, some of them were choice!" She laughed. "The last one ... were you with ...?"

"A girl this time," Donna sighed. Her friends had known of her bi-sexuality since the 11th Grade and both of them were fine with it. "I don't know – when I'm with a girl, I want a guy. When I'm with a guy, I want the softness of a woman. I know, I know – I'm an idiot. I really don't want to settle down and have to make a choice," she confessed.

Tim, wanting a break from all the seriousness, ordered coffee and dessert for the trio. After over a dozen years of friendship, he knew them like a book. Donna liked darker roasts, Anne favored lighter blends and not one of the three of them liked flavored coffees. All three of them loved cakes and pastries and as they were all very active, they could indulge. Tim ordered three different desserts and knew that they would all be taking bites from each other's plates. There were very few times they weren't on the same page about anything.

"Are you coming to dinner this Saturday?" Donna asked her companions. Tim had a mouthful of Biscotti and couldn't talk, so he just nodded.

"I've been on a shoot in Rome for a month," Anne grinned. "I starved myself, one of your mother's huge Italian meals will be my salvation," she said as she hugged Donna again.

"She's always saying you're too skinny, when she isn't telling me I should find you a husband," Donna laughed. Anne turned to Tim when Donna finished.

"Could I stay at your townhouse tonight?" Anne asked Tim. A casual observer wouldn't have noticed Tim's reaction, but Donna did and she wasn't going to let it slide.

"What's wrong with your place?" Tim questioned.

"I rented it out to friends for a month and I came home a week early," Anne sighed. "Oh come on Tim, we always have fun."

"That is precisely what I am afraid of," Tim groaned.

"Okay, what am I missing here?" Donna wanted to know.

"Er, well, it's just that ... man, I didn't want to say this ... whenever Anne stays at my place and the two of us are between relationships, we always end up ..."

"... fucking like bunnies," Anne finished the sentence for him.

"Holy shit," Donna said and gulped the last of her coffee. She flagged down their server and ordered another round for all of them, feeling that they would be needing it.

"I know, I know," Timothy said, burying his face in his hands. "We're friends and shouldn't be doing this, but ...''

"No, no, that's not it," Donna said as she looked directly into Anne's dark eyes. "I meant that I thought I was the only one!"

Now it was Tim who was taken aback. He looked over at Anne and then, at Donna. "You two?" Donna giggled nervously and nodded. "Since when are you bi-sexual?" He asked the attractive black model.

"Do I tell him or do you?"

"Oh, Lord," Donna rolled her eyes. "You seem to be the little slut in this tale, you tell him."

"Bitch," Anne stuck out her tongue at Donna.

"Whore," Donna retaliated. It was all in good fun, nary a cross word had ever passed between the three friends.

Anne waited until their server had poured their coffee and walked away before beginning her tale. She didn't want all of this ending up in the tabloids. "Okay, well to begin with, about three years ago, one of the uber-hot models – Elektra – made a not-too subtle pass at me."

Tim and Donna both nodded. Tim had met the woman at a social function and knew her look – tall, exotic, lean and sensual. Donna had seen her photos in several magazines and had considered hiring her for a promotion for her company.

"Other models have made passes at me before, but this was different, my loves – I wanted to go to bed with her. I was between relationships, horny and intrigued. I was also scared shitless," Anne confessed.

"You?" Both of her friends said in unison. "I've never known you to be afraid of anything," Tim added.

"I was this time and it took me a while to figure it out," Anne continued. "In most facets of my life, I know everything. I'm in complete control. Not this time. Electra was intimidating and she represented something I'm not used to. Do you understand?"

Donna nodded, Tim shook his head. "Have you ever known Anne to not be in charge?" She explained to the befuddled Tim. "I can also imagine that experiencing desire for another woman for the first time was a little – overwhelming."

Anne nodded and added "It wasn't actually the first time, but it was the first time I decided to act on it."

This time, it was Tim who caught the thinly-veiled comment that Anne had dropped. "So Anne, what finally happened?"

Anne's face broke into a wide smile. "I decided that life was too short for regrets, so I went back to her place. We tore up the sheets and fucked until 7 AM the next morning!"

"Good for you!" Donna laughed and the two women high-fived. Tim smiled although he was a bit conflicted. When the girls stopped laughing, they looked over at their long-time friend and noticed his unusual reaction.

"Okay handsome, usually you'd be laughing and cheering right along with us," Anne commented. "Why the sour puss?"

"Yeah Tim, this isn't like you at all. Spill," Donna piped up.

Tim wasn't open and forthcoming like he usually was. He looked around and acted somewhat distracted. Something was up and the girls were not about to let him off the hook. The pair of friends nudged him in the arm until he let out a loud sigh. He mumbled something that neither of them could understand. Donna was willing to let him off the hook for now – Anne was not and she elbowed him again.

"Okay, okay," Tim said through gritted teeth. "If you really want to know – I'm jealous!"

Anne shook her head. "Babe, you don't need to be jealous. She's a real hottie, but you're a good looking man and you've got a lot going for you. If I was to set things up for you ..."

Donna looked at her two best friends and whacked her forehead with her hand. "Oh lord, you're both hopeless. Anne, for fuck's sake, don't be so obtuse! He wasn't jealous of you having sex with the model. He was jealous of the model having sex with YOU!"

Anne was now the one looking at her two best friends. "Oh Donna, don't be ridiculous. Tim doesn't ..."

"She's right."

Anne felt as if she had just been struck by lightning. "Tim?" She said in a tentative voice. "I – I don't understand, what are you talking about? We've had sex on numerous occasions, you're one of my favorite bed partners."

"That's just it, in a nutshell," Tim commented. "One of."

Both women were now seeking to understand Tim's rationale better. He wasn't entirely sure that he could explain it himself, but he owed it to their friendship to do his best. "Honestly, I'm jealous of the both of you!" He managed to blurt out.

A confusing scene was getting more confusing. Although it wasn't like him, Tim decided that he needed a shot of liquid courage and ordered a double of an expensive vintage Bourbon. If he was going to make a complete ass of himself, he thought he might as well at least get some enjoyment out of the situation.

The two beauties were glaring at their best friend as if they wanted to strangle him. It was the first time in all their years of friendship that the girls were angry with Tim. Never once had they fought or even been annoyed by Tim. What kind of monkey wrench was he throwing into the mix?

"We're as close as three people can possibly be and we always have a great time together," he tried to explain. "But – oh shit, I know I'm going to mess this up – oh damn, hell, okay – now I want more!"

Donna looked at him as if Tim had suddenly gone insane or grown a third head. "More? Okay, you and Anne have been lovers for years and whenever you need company, you always have one – more often than not, two – women who will drop everything and be with you in a moment's notice. What more could you possibly want?" 

Anne looked at him as if she had suddenly figured it out. Donna remained perplexed and Tim realized that he was going to have to come clean.

"Donna, the way I lived was fine for the last several decades – no strings attached. But I'm not a kid anymore and I think – no, I know - I want more out of life. I want the strings," he explained.

Donna still wasn't quite sure what her best male friend was talking about. Anne was, Tim had just confirmed what she had suspected. "He's talking about commitment, aren't you Tim? Are you thinking about marriage?"

"I – don't know!" Tim said, hesitating slightly. "I just know that sooner or later, one or both of you will likely find someone special and what we've had will change. Okay, that's part of life – but the more I think about it, the crazier I get. The thought of us not being as close as we are now really disturbs me!"

Donna shook her head. "I'm sorry hon, and I suppose I can understand. I haven't really given it much thought. You're right, sooner or later, things will change. Change is a part of life. I wouldn't worry too much about it, hon. Anne and I still love you. We're always going to be part of your life, I promise you that."

"You can't make that kind of promise Donna, no one can," Anne countered. "He's right, things change. Look at Tim, he's changed and we didn't notice."

Donna sighed. "How much of that change is based on fear, babes?" She said to Anne. "We're all free spirits, we've never even thought of marriage."

"I have."

Those words didn't come from Tim, but from Anne. Donna's head spun around so fast, the other two wondered if it might snap off. They were both surprised by her sudden declaration. Actually, in Tim's case, that was an understatement – he was shocked!

"Anne, I can't believe it! You're a sex fiend! You love having sex and you have the lead the kind of lifestyle that lets you have some of the most beautiful lovers in the world. Why would you ever want to give all of that up?" Donna asked.

Anne sighed and looked over at Tim, who shrugged. Now she felt like she needed a stiff drink, so she summoned their server. She wasn't complaining, serving the famous model and her good-looking friends. They were all so attractive that Jenny had stayed past the end of her shift just so that she could continue being around them. She took Anne's drink order and ran off to fetch it. Whatever she could do to make them happy and prolong their stay, Jenny was going to attempt it.

"She's cute," Donna smiled as the server ran off with her sexy little wiggle. She made a note to leave – Jenny, that was her name – her contact information. "Okay, obviously you two have gone around the bend. Annie, I adore you – but what the heck is going on?"

"Babe, you two are my best friends and Donna, you know me better than anyone – except maybe Tim. He's got a point. Yes, I've had sex with some truly amazing people, celebrities, models, millionaires – but it's always best with the two of you. Tim has a good point – at some point, it might be nice to have someone to come home to, someone to share a bed and a meal with. Besides our friendship, we three have another thing in common – our parents set good examples for us. None of us have parents who are divorced. I think it might be wonderful to have a committed partner," Anne concluded.

"I think the two of you should be committed," Donna commented. "Okay, I guess you have a point. I can't ever see myself getting married, but the two of you should find the right person ..." her voice trailed off.

Tim wondered if there was more to his and Anne's common interest. Were the feelings of friendship that both of them felt perhaps something deeper? He looked over at her and she smiled. There was no doubt that he adored her and sex with her was out of this world. They clicked in bed and it wasn't just fucking – although that was great – it was deeper and more spiritual. Still, he also adored Donna, even if she could be three kinds of crazy. He just had no basis for comparison as he had never slept with Donna the way that he had Anne.

"You should sleep with Donna too," Anne suddenly blurted out. "If we're all riding on the crazy train, maybe it's time the sexual tension between you two finally ended."

"Huh? What sexual tension?"

"Oh Donna, come off it. Whenever Tim finds a new girlfriend, you get all pissy. Face it, despite your commitment phobia, you'd be miserable if he ever married someone that interfered in – whatever it is the three of us have going. You should go to my condo, rip each other's clothes off and have at it!" She laughed, just as Jenny returned with her Scotch. Jenny did hear the last part, but stayed cool and made a quick exit.

"Don't be nuts. You and I fuck, you and Tim fuck, Tim and I – we're not ..."

"We should be," Tim spoke up. "She's right – I get just as jealous when you are with someone I don't like. I've always wondered what it would be like to sleep with you."

"It would be amazing," Donna bragged / teased. "I'm a good piece of ass. Okay pal – you're on! As soon as we can make it happen, let's ..."

"Listen to her," Anne chuckled. "We don't have any afternoon plans. You can wait to have your fun with our waitress – oh yes Donna, we noticed. Here are the keys to my place, my friends won't be home until 11 or so. You two get your butts over there, I'll settle the bill. I think we're going to have a lot more to talk about, but at the moment, talking is overrated."

"Did you ever notice before how bossy she is?" Donna smiled as she got up and hugged Anne.

"All the time, I thought that I was only one," Tim joked.

"Git!" Anne laughed as she summoned Jenny and had her call a friend for her somewhat-inebriated friends.

Once at Anne's spacious, luxury condo that had been featured in several magazines, all bets were off. Donna let her guard down and almost tackled her best friend to one of Anne's designer leather sofas. "I realized when we were on the way over here that Anne was right," Donna said as she actually ripped Tim's shirt open. "The tension was driving me crazy, maybe that's why we haven't seen as much of each other lately – I was afraid of what might happen."

"I never would have ..."

Donna put her hand over Tim's mouth and then covered his mouth with her own, kissing him several times before voicing her thoughts. "You don't get it. I wasn't worried about you – I was worried about ME!"

"Huh?"

"She's right, you're a git," Donna laughed as she helped Tim get out of his trousers. "You're always a perfect gentleman – sometimes too perfect! I think that if I had been left alone with you, this would have happened by now. I know your reputation, Tim. No woman has ever left your bed because you were a bad lay."

Tim was actually blushing as the eager blonde completed her removal of his clothes. Now it was hers that came flying off, revealing her petite, sex-kitten body. Tim had seen Donna nearly naked on several occasions – so why were wisps of lingerie and stockings turning him on so much?

"Someone likes the view," the lingerie-clad blonde giggled as she held Tim's erect cock in her hands. "You're a naughty boy Tim, getting all hot and bothered over your best friend!" She teased.

"Sorry, but it just so happens that my two best friends are hot babes," Tim countered. Donna was stroking and fondling his cock and as quick as that, she had it in her mouth. Tim thanked his lucky stars that he had been with enough women that the shock didn't make him cum right away. There were two factors working against him – Donna was an amazing fellatrix and she looked gorgeous giving a blowjob. She sucked and bobbed her head up and down and didn't miss a trick. Tim had to distract himself to keep from cumming and it wasn't an easy chore. Anne kept entering his mind while their girlfriend sucked him. Was it wrong of him to wish Anne could have witnessed this?
