 It was a dark summer night at the beach house. Ben had invited his two best buddies to spend a long weekend with his girlfriend Casey. 

He looked through his hazy eyes at Casey sitting across the table from him. Normally she was the most conservative woman he had ever met but there she was wearing a tiny aqua bra proudly displaying only what he had seen naked. "I thought we were going to quit ten minutes ago," he said feeling drowsy from the beer and shooters they had done after dinner. 

"You didn't want to stop ten minutes ago," Mark said sitting next to Casey. Ben's other friend Jeff sat on the other side of Casey. 

"Yeah but it's my girl getting naked," he objected. "I'm not getting naked," Casey said enjoying the male attention she was getting and the chance to check out two other men's equipment. 

"She's still wearing jeans," Mark said looking down at her flat abs and navel ring. 

"Not for long," Jeff grinned. "Jacks and Kings." He turned over his cards and smiled at Casey. 

"I only have three threes," she frowned. "I'll take off my pants." As she stood up to unsnap them Ben opened his eyes. 

"Wait, you won. Three of a kind beats two pair." 

"Really?" She grinned sitting back down. "It looks like you have to take off your pants." 

"Shit, Ben why don't you go and sleep?" Jeff stood up and unzipped noting Casey's eyes on his fingers as he pushed down the zipper and opened his jeans up. 

Her eyes flashed open but she didn't say anything when she saw the size of his hard-on. It was at least three inches longer than what she was used to. 

Nothing was said as Jeff sat back down and dealt the cards. "Three card poker," he grinned. 

"Why can't I win my clothes back?" Casey asked again. "Nope, once they are lost they cannot be won back." 

"Yeah, but why didn't Mark remove clothes last time?" She knew she was getting taken. 

"She's right," Jeff said knowing that Mark was only wearing his boxers. "But, before we go there lets get Ben to bed before he falls out of that chair." 

Casey peeked over her three cards at the two almost naked men carrying her boyfriend into the bedroom. She knew when they came back that she would be alone with them. 

After dropping Ben onto the bed face down Mark turned to Jeff. "So how far are we going to take this?" 

"We can't fuck her," Jeff whispered. "Ben's our good friend." 

"But whatever we can get her to do short of that?" 

"Yes." 

Casey was studying the list of what poker hands beats what hands when they walked back. She looked up and saw that they seemed to be harder than when they left. "How can you have a straight with three cards?" 

"Simple. Three cards in a row of the same suit." Mark grinned. "You know maybe we should move this game to the rug in the den?" 

"OK," Jeff said picking up his cards and the deck. They moved before Casey could answer. 

Now on the floor sitting Indian style with their legs crossed she had a better view of their packages. "Ready?" Jeff asked. 

"No, wait. Mark lost so he has to take...take them....off." Her eyes pointed to his boxers. 

"She's right," Jeff grinned. He wondered if she would run once she saw a hard bare cock. 

Casey looked down and away as Mark stood up before them and pushed off his boxers. She wouldn't look until he sat down and then they heard her gasp seeing his six inch thin cock pointing upward between his legs. She didn't run. 

"OK, but I don't have anything to bet after I strip." 

"Then you have to do dares," Jeff quickly inserted. 

"Wait!" She yelled. "What do you mean by dares?" "The winner gets to tell the two losers what to do." "Oh no. I'm not going to do the things you guys want me to." 

"We won't be that bad. Right Mark?" 

"Yeah, not bad." 

She gave them both a suspicious look and took one card. She smiled when she got a six of hearts to go between her five and seven of clubs. 

"OK what do you have?" Jeff asked. 

"A straight," she grinned laying down her cards. 

"Beats me," Mark said showing a king high. 

"Sorry," Jeff grinned putting down three spades. "A flush beats a straight. I win and I'm going to kill two birds with on stone. Mark, I want you to remove whatever Casey wants you to remove from her body." 

"I guess that's ok," she said feeling light-headed. She looked straight at Mark's hard penis after he stood and walked in front of her. "Should I stand or do you want me to lie back?" 

"Lie back," Mark grinned. After she moved back onto her elbows he moved onto his knees between her opened legs and unsnapped her jeans. 

"Just the jeans," She said knowing he would grab her panties on the way by. She lifted her hips after he unzipped her fly and saw the jeans moving down over her matching aqua panties and tanned thighs. She tried to keep her legs together but Mark pulled her legs apart as the jeans moved up over her thighs, knees and finally her feet. As she lowered her feet downward and pushed her legs together they got a quick look at the dampness on her crotch and a few dark pubic hairs around the elastic edges. 

It was Casey's turn to deal so she took her time glancing over at Mark's erection and at Jeff's huge tent. "Same game." 

"Wait. No more drawing cards. Whatever the three cards are we play them," Jeff suggested. Mark and Casey agreed. After taking one card she sighed and put down a queen high. "I was trying to get a flush." 

Mark laid down a pair of fives and Jeff a pair of twos. "Well it looks like Jeff takes off his boxers and Casey has a choice." She blushed looking down at her hard nipples pushing outward. "My bra." Her fingers trembled as she unclasped the front connection between the cups and pulled it off her shoulders with one hand. As the cups moved down she quickly cupped her titties before they saw them. 

"Not fair," Jeff said standing up to give her the full effect of his hard nine inch cock. 

Casey didn't look away this time because she had been waiting to see the monster all night. When it released from under the material she quickly covered her mouth with her right hand to keep from gasping loudly. It exposed her nice pink and round breast centered with a large hard nipple. 

"We called him Shorty in gym class," Mark laughed. After Jeff sat down with his rocket ready to launch he looked at her exposed boob. "You might as well show us the other one." 

Casey bit her lower lip and dropped her left hand. Only her panties remained. "I don't know if I can finish." 

"But you got to see us," Mark whispered. "It's only fair." 

"But...what if Ben comes out?" 

"I'll go and make sure he is sleeping," Jeff said before dashing down the hallway. When he returned his cock swayed back and forth until he sat down. "Out cold." 

"You guys have to promise that he will never find out." 

"We promise," they said at the same time. 

She took a deep breath. "OK." 

Mark quickly shuffled the cars and dealt three again. The silence was deafening as they looked at their cards and got new cards. Mark was first. "Two Aces." 

"Beats me," Jeff said not showing his cards. Casey didn't say anything as she leaned back against the sofa and pinched the waistband of her panties. She closed her eyes as she lifted her ass and pushed the panties over her brown bush and down her legs. This time she curled her legs together at the side to pull her undies away without opening her legs. She hid them behind her to hide the wet excitement spot. 

"Wow," Mark said admiring her body and wondering how he could get her legs opened. "Now Jeff has to do a dare for me." 

Casey thought she was out of the woods until Mark spoke, "I want Jeff to French kiss Casey for 60 seconds." 

"Mark," she said quickly. "Can't I just kiss without..without tongues?" 

"You've frenched kissed other guys before." Mark said firmly. 

Casey wanted to object again but saw the smile on Jeff's face and his hard cock pointing up. "Just a minute and that's it." She slowly stood up making sure to keep her legs together and when he walked up to her she reached out and forward to push her lips to his. At first their mouths were closed until he moved his whole body forward and his hard-on jabbed into her upper stomach almost to her breasts. When she felt it and gasped his tongue moved between her lips. 

Jeff could feel her nervousness for about ten seconds and then her tongue became the aggressor. As she pushed deeply into his mouth his hands moved around her back and down to the top of her soft buns. 

She felt the tip of his cock pressing up underneath the rise of her right breast and wondered what something that big would feel inside. He tried to push his leg between hers to open them but she held her knees together tightly. 

Finally after almost two minutes Mark stopped it. "TIME!" She knew it was longer than a minute but she was enjoying it as much as he was. She sat down the same way and watched Mark deal the cards. "I haven't won in a while. Are you two cheating?" 

"No," Mark lied. "Just your bad luck and our good luck." What she didn't know was that when they were kissing Mark stacked the deck. This time she had a straight again but both guys had Ace, King, and Queen royal flushes. "Looks like we both won and you lost." 

"That's not right," she said seeing their hands. "What are the odds that you two would get the exact hands?" "Luck," Jeff grinned. "Plain ol' Luck." 

Casey was as hot as both of them were and wondered what they wanted her to do. "Ok tell me." 

"Well I want a hand job," Mark grinned. 

"I was thinking the same thing," Jeff smiled. 

Her eyes widened. "At the same time?" 

"Yes," Mark answered. 

"This is it. After this I'm going to bed," she said with her heart pounding. "I'll go and get some cream." 

The guys watched her round butt as she walked into the bedroom. After a minute it looked like she chickened out but they saw her walked out backwards and pull the door closed behind her. 

"How are we going to do this?" She asked. 

"We will lie down and you can kneel between us," Jeff said moving onto his back on the rug. Mark quickly moved across from him with room for her to fit in between. 

Her body was boiling over as she moved onto her knees by their hips and squirted the lotion into her right palm. After rubbing her hands and fingers together she reached out wither right hand and grabbed Mark's six inch cock and then to her left and found Jeff's huge shaft. She took turns smiling into their passion-filled eyes as her fingers started stroking up and down. 

Both guys wanted to pull her down on top of them and fuck her but they had said they wouldn't fuck her. But it didn't hurt for them to try and feel her up. 

She was concentrating on stroking both at the same motion and didn't see nor feel their hands moving onto her thighs. At first they just rubbed and massaged but then their fingers crossed over the hot flesh to rub her inner thighs. 

"Oh God," she moaned when the fingers of both men met at her hairy mons. Her legs opened enough for them to find her moist pussy lips and swollen clitoris. As Jeff's middle finger pushed up into her damp hole Mark's index finger rubbed and played with her clit. 

Casey was in rhythm now because as she lifted up and down on their fingers her hands locked around their cocks. Each time her pussy rose up her hands did as well. 

"Oh..oh..oh...OH....Oh...OH!...OH!" She moaned getting closer and closer. 

The guys too were about there. Seeing her opened lips and her floppy tits was too much. Mark came first. "OH SHIT! HERE IT COMES" 

Casey giggled seeing Mark's white fountain erupt. She stroked and stroked until he was empty and then she focused on Jeff's log. She turned and used two hands to take him to the summit and over. 

"AHHHHHH!" 

As Jeff came Mark worked on her pussy, it didn't take much longer for her to join them. "Oh...yes...OHHHHHHH!" 

*

It was like a dream when Casey woke up the next morning. She was alone in bed and in her long night shirt. In the distance she heard the men laughing and wondered if Jeff and Mark had kept their promises about keeping last night quiet. She turned over and remembered how they felt as she jerked them off and how they had turned her pussy into mush. She wanted to masturbate but figured she needed to face her boyfriend. After pulling on a thin robe she walked out and saw them turn. "Good morning boys."  

"I won," Jeff grinned. "We bet how long you would stay sleeping." 

She looked at him and at Ben to see if anything else had been spoken about her. "Too much wine last night." 

"Yeah, the guys told me how you chickened out after I fell asleep," Ben smiled. 

"Of course," she smiled back. "I wouldn't let these two horny men take off my clothes." 

They finished breakfast and Ben and Jeff headed to the sporting goods store to get some fishing tackle and bait. Casey was at the sink rinsing off some dishes when Mark moved up behind her and kissed her neck. 

She jumped not expecting it and turned around. "Last night was it," she said seeing that he was only wearing his loose swimming trunks which were protruding out the front. 

"I don't think so," Mark said leaning down and pushing his hands up under her robe and nightshirt. "You wanted it more than we did." 

Casey's wet right hand grabbed onto his left wrist but his right hand and fingers found her without panties. He rubbed into her moist folds and found her raise pleasure button. 

"Mark we can't do this," she moaned leaning back against the sink and opening her legs wider. 

He didn't respond with words but continued finger-fucking her. Her hands moved around his neck for support and her face moved up to his. Their tongues moved together for two more minutes before she came. "AHHH...OH YES..MARK!!

He pulled his damp fingers out and reached down and pushed down his trunks. "It's all yours." 

"Is this what you want?" She teased toying with the pre-cum on the tip and then after wetting her fingers moved downward. 

"No, I want to fuck you," he whispered. "But we can't do that." 

"No we can't and if you want me to keep you pleasured we have to be very careful." Her fingers caressed his shaft and moved under to cup his balls. "Ooh, they feel ready," she giggled. As she stroked his hard cock his hands moved up under her shirt until they cupped and caressed her bare boobs. They had not touched them last night. 

"Are you still dating Cheryl?" She asked calmly. 

"Yes, she wanted to come with me but I wanted some QT with my buds." He said pulling on her tips. 

"And now some sex time with me," she giggled. 

Mark was getting close and moved his hand to massage her ear and ten seconds later moved his fingers to her lips. As he pushed his thumb between her lips she moved back. 

"I don't do oral," she said making sure he understood. "Have you ever tried it?" 

"Yes...no..not really. I guess Ben hasn't pushed me to do it and I never really tried." She looked into his eyes as he moved his thumb back to her lips again. After a few seconds her lips and teeth opened. 

She sucked on it at first and then started licking it. "Like that?" 

"Yeah..that's good," he moaned. "Try it on the real thing?" 

"Maybe I'll just taste it," she whispered moving slowly down onto her knees and holding him outward. She pushed her long tongue out and licked all around the head. 

"Ahhhh!" He moaned. She giggled. 

After more trips around the crown her lips opened wide and moved completely around it. She looked up at him to show that his cock was in her mouth. She popped her mouth off and then moved back on. Again and again she did it until his hand stopped her mouth from moving off. She felt him push and pull and after she got the motion she reached back and pulled his hand away. Her head moved on its won accord until her nose met his pubic mound. 

"Oh God Casey," Mark moaned knowing her virgin mouth was his. He was the first. "Move back because I'm about to...TO CUM!" 

Casey barely had her mouth off when his fire hose exploded onto her face. Cum covered her nose and was dripping onto her chin as he emptied four full loads onto her face. 

"Sorry," he said trying not to laugh at the sight below. She kept her eyes closed and scooped cum from her eye sockets, nose and chin. "Here use the sink." 

Casey tasted cum for the first time after licking her lips and washing her face. "Did I do ok?" 

He grinned. "Actually you probably should practice more the next few days to get better." 

"You would like that wouldn't you?" She whispered. 

*

Ben and Jeff came back a few minutes later and the three of them got their fishing gear ready. "Do you want to come with us?" 

"Lord no," Casey answered. "I'm going to work on my tan while you guys are gone." She also knew that she would need all of the rest she could manage the next few day. 

*

It was around 5 pm when the men returned with a few fish. They smelled so bad that she insisted on them taking a shower before they came into the house. The outside shower was attached to the back of the house so she tossed them out some towels. 

Jeff went first and twenty minutes later walked out wearing only a towel around his waist. Ben went next so once he entered the shower Jeff hurried inside to find Casey. 

"What kept you so long?" She smiled lying back on the sofa in a short sundress. "Come here because I think you are still wet." She pulled the towel away and smiled seeing his long shaft. After leaning over to dry off his feet and lower legs she dropped the towel and sat forward on the sofa. "Now I'm just learning so have some patience." 

Jeff had heard from Mark about the blowjob this morning so his wishes were coming true as she licked up and down the sides like an all-day sucker. She choked once trying to get it down her throat and knew when to stop when her lips moved down. Her hands cupped his strong buttocks as her mouth and head moved back and forth, back and forth. 

"Hurry," Mark said through the back door after hearing the water turn off in the shower. 

Casey's head moved in warp speed until she heard him grunt. This time her face was out of the way and the towel in her hand covered his release. 

*

The rest of the night Ben was around so they had to control themselves. At midnight Ben finally went to the bed but when Jeff tried to pull Casey on top of him she pushed back. "Not tonight." 

He frowned and let her go. 

*

Casey was up first the next morning and had coffee brewing when she heard a door open and turned to see Mark in only his boxers. "You uh..better put some clothes on before Ben gets up." 

"Actually you saw me in them the other night when he was still awake. Maybe we should start just wearing our underwear." "He won't go for it," she said seeing his hard bulge. 

"All he can say is to get dressed," he whispered reaching out and pulling open her robe. She wore a white tee shirt and black bikini panties under it. 

Casey let him remove the robe and smiled. "You're right." 

She moved forward and kissed him with open lips. "But you can't be walking around with a hard-on." 

"Ok jerk me off," he whispered. 

"Sit with me on the other side of the table," she grinned. After putting her robe in the closet nearby she sat next to him in her panties and tee shirt. Seconds later she fished out his cock and started jerking him off while they drank their coffee. He reached to do her at the same time but she pushed his hand away. 

They heard a door open and she jerked her hand away until she saw who it was. "It's Jeff." 

Jeff stopped not believing she was wearing as thin and too-tight tee shirt. "What are you wearing and what are you doing?" 

"Shut up," Mark groaned closing his eyes. 

Jeff saw her arm moving up and down faster and faster until he grabbed a napkin off the table and captured his cum. "AHHH!" 
