 There were two things she loved: sex and coffee. Both of which I enjoyed immensely as well, so it made our relationship that much more pleasurable. I hoped that she chose me because of my outstanding love-making talents, but I'm inclined, in hindsight, to think it may have been more for my state-of-the-art coffee machine. It was one of those large, built-in monstrosities, that can do all that Starbuck's can do, only in your own home. When she first dropped by my place, it had garnered much more attention than I. And, of course, she had wanted to try it out immediately. We had made several various coffee drinks, and then, both wide awake and buzzing, we had made love for most of the night. Who am I to complain?

So, for several months, she would always want to spend the night at my place, and then make superlative coffee in the morning. She would get up, brew something, and then sit there sipping, and swooning in ecstasy, delighted by the taste.

One morning, I woke up and headed into the kitchen. I could smell the coffee from the bedroom, and I knew it was going to be delicious. As I walked into the room, she greeted me with a big smile. "Coffee's ready." she said, "And so am I..." She was leaning over the kitchen island, reading some catalog. I could see her nipples poking through the thin T-shirt she was wearing, and I had to stop for a second and admire them. Then I smelled the coffee again, and made my way around the counter to get a cup. 

As I came around the corner of the island, I was treated to an amazing sight. The T-shirt was all she had on! She was still leaning over, sipping her coffee, and reading her catalog, but all I could see was the most incredible pair of long, firm legs, rising up to one absolutely perfect rear end. As I paused to admire that great ass, she moved her legs apart, revealing her tight pussy. 

"Like what you see?" she asked. My cock was already rising, and she knew it. "Why don't you skip your coffee and put that in me? I'm horny as hell this morning, and want a quick fuck." I stepped out of my shorts, and moved up behind her. She rubbed back against me, and feeling my hard cock, she spread her legs more, and tilted that beautiful pussy up at me. I knew she would be hot and wet, and I took the tip of my cock and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips. She growled, and said, "Now. Do it now." I leaned forward and pushed my cock slowly into her. Her pussy was like a vise, clamping onto my hard cock. I pushed in to the hilt, and she ground back against me. Oh yeah, that felt good.

"Fuck me hard and fast." she said. And, I did. I grabbed onto her hips, and watched my cock pump in and out of her pussy, as I slammed into her. She was bucking and pushing back to meet my thrusts. I could feel her pussy gripping my cock, and she would flex her pussy muscles, driving me crazy. I was pumping into her as hard as I could. My cock felt hard as a baseball bat, and I was pounding into her. She loved it, and I could tell she was going to cum quickly. 

She arched her back and I slammed into her. She reached back between her legs and clutched my balls, pulling me into her. She held me tightly, flexing her cunt around my dick, and then started to squeeze my ball sack. I yelled "I'm cumming!" and then started to explode into her pussy. I could feel myself spurt hard and deep, as she massaged my balls. Oh, man that felt awesome! Suddenly, she yelled and began to cum, too. I could feel her wetness and she just started to rock- squirming and wriggling against me- as her orgasm hit. I could feel her whole body shake as I pumped deep into her cunt. 

After a few minutes trying to catch our breath, I pulled out of her, my cock still semi-hard. She turned around and stroked me gently a couple times. "Can you get me a refill?" she asked.

* * * * * * * * * *

The next morning, I awoke first, and had made a pot of Kona. I was pouring my second cup, when she came dragging into the kitchen. She had on one of my old sweatshirts, and as she walked in, she reached up to tie her long hair back in a ponytail. As she lifted her arms to tie her hair, the hem of the sweatshirt climbed up, revealing her smooth, shaved pussy.

I must have gasped softly out loud, as she noticed what I was noticing. She got that look in her eye, and I knew I was in trouble. She came up close to me, and gave me a sexy kiss. With her hands, she fondled my cock and balls, which made me instantly hard. Then she dropped to her knees, pulling my shorts down at the same time. She grabbed my cock and took it deeply into her mouth. I grew harder still as she began to suck me.

Her mouth was wet and warm, and her tongue flicked and licked all around my cock. She sucked my deeply into her throat, and then slowly- oh, so slowly- pulled away from me. My cock stood straight out, bobbing in the air, and then she blew on the tip. I could feel her breath on me, and my cock swelled even more. Then she slowly licked around the crown, and without any warning, sucked me in again. She pumped me with her one hand, and with the other, she worked my balls. Her mouth was sucking me in and out, the pace growing faster and faster. Her fingers rolled each ball gently, and then she tugged them down, sort of milking my ball sack. 

I began to cum, and as she tasted me cumming into her mouth, she clamped her lips tightly around the crown of my cock as I spurted and spurted into her. She swallowed every drop, and continued to milk my balls. I thought I was going to pass out; I was seeing stars. Finally, there wasn't anything left in me, and she sat back on her heels, smiling. "I'd like a cup of coffee, please." she said.

* * * * * * * * * *

She was on top of the kitchen island the next morning, naked, and leaning back on her elbows. She had her feet planted on the edge of the counter, her knees spread wide, and slowly stroking her pussy. As I walked into the kitchen, she smiled, and said to pull up a chair, and take over. I grabbed one of the bar stools, sat down, and began to lick her cunt. She tasted delicious, and I began to seriously eat her out.

She leaned her head back, dangling her long hair down behind her, closed her eyes, and let me ravish her. I was tonguing her up and down the length of her slit, lapping her pussy juices. Every once in a while, I would circle her clit, flick it several times with my tongue, and then go back to the long, slow strokes. The lips of her pussy swelled up and pouted outwards, and I could see and taste her wetness. She was moaning softly with each lap of my tongue.

I kept this up for several minutes, and I could tell that she was extremely turned on. She was breathing hard now, and her ass was squirming around on the counter. I held firmly to her hips, and without any warning to her, I clamped my lips around the bud of her clit. Her eyes flew open and she gasped as I sucked it hard, flicking my tongue all around it at the same time. She yelped as her orgasm hit, clamping her legs together on the sides of my head, and pushing my face tightly against her cunt. I kept licking and sucking, and she began to shake and buck against me. I could feel the waves pulse through her body, and I knew she was cumming hard. I kept on licking her bud, and she was humping up at me. Her pussy gushed juices as I sucked tightly on her clit.

Finally, she begged me to stop, and as I released her clit from my mouth, her legs parted and I was able to come up for air. She was breathing hard, trying to catch her breath. Her nipples on her tits were erect and proudly pointing up at me. She was gorgeous. 

I pulled my hard cock out of my shorts, and easily slid it into her dripping pussy. I pushed in slowly and buried it deeply into her. I could feel the walls of her cunt flexing and gripping my hard dick. I held there for a minute, just savoring the sensation of her wet cunt wrapped tightly around my cock, and then I began to slowly move. I pulled almost completely out, slowly withdrawing my cock, until just the very tip parted her cunt lips, then I slowly pushed all the way back in. I kept this up, slowly, very slowly, pumping her cunt in and out. She was flexing her pussy around me, squeezing hard on my cock, trying to hold me inside her. We were both very turned on, and I knew I could make her cum again soon.

She knew I loved to fuck her this way, slowly savoring the grip of her pussy around me, and she used her cunt to massage my cock, and tried to make me cum first. She was tight, and hot, and knew I couldn't keep this up much longer without cumming, too. As I pushed deeply into her, she brought her legs up and wrapped them tightly around my waist, holding me deeply inside her. She reached up with one hand and pulled my head to hers, meeting my lips with hers. She began to kiss me ferociously, running her tongue all over my mouth, gently biting my lips, sucking my tongue deeply into her mouth. Her kissing was incredibly hot, and I could feel my cock respond by growing bigger inside her. Her cunt flexed around me, and suddenly, I began to cum hard. I spurted deep into her, and she felt the cum hit inside her. She orgasmed then, and began to kiss me hard, all the time grinding her pussy against me. I pumped into her, spurting and spurting, as her legs pulled and held me in her. She bucked under me, and I hammered her. I felt as though I would not ever run out of cum; my balls exploding and firing hot into her. My cock was gripped in a hot, wet vise, being milked for every drop. It seemed to last forever, both of us sharing this incredible orgasm.

I held her close to me, her nipples pressed against my chest, her head resting on my shoulder. We could feel our hearts beating. We held each other for quite a while, until my cock softened, and slowly slipped out of her. She looked up at me, and said, "Good morning to you, too." We both laughed, as I got us each a cup of coffee.