 I started my Tuesday morning as any other: getting a cup of coffee and checking over my TO DO list.

"Shit!", I thought to myself. I had forgotten about the 3 day internal training seminar that my boss had "volunteered" me for a few months earlier. 

"Well, doesn't that just blow my week?" I thought again.

Fortunately, a couple of buddies from my department were in the seminar with me, so it should be a total loss. After all, I was getting paid for this, right? Right... 

I signed into the class and grabbed a danish and my second cup of coffee that morning as I walked in the door to the seminar and found a seat near some of my cohorts. Checking out the room, I really didn't notice any hotties worth a second look which is normal for my division since we are mostly nerdy engineers (me included!). Just as the speaker started her (another nerdy engineer) presentation, the door opened, and amazingly enough, this little blonde cutie walks in the door and takes a seat at the table directly across the room from me. I hate to be pesimistic, but I didn't want to get my hopes up or anything because it was kind of dark in the room. 

After about 2 hours of monotony from the speaker, we had our first break, and I made my way out to the coffee pot where I found the little blonde cutie from earlier! To my surprize, she was DAMN FINE even in broad daylight! If I had to guess, she was about 5'3" and about 135lbs. She wasn't exactly a stick figure, but delicious all the same. She definitely had nice tits, but the main thing that I noticed from her was the unbelievable bubble butt that she was carrying behind her. DAMN...for the rest of the day, I had a hard-on every time she stood up and I got a glimpse of that ass. 

Since some of the people in the class were from out of town, a few of us volunteered to take the out of towners out to dinner for the first night, and to my luck, my blond was one of them! We all had a nice dinner and several drinks on the company tab and really began to unwind. I noticed that the more that blondie drank, the more relaxed that she got...good for me? Anyhow, I made my way over to where she was sitting, ordered us a few more beers, and started to make small talk with her (her name was Andrea, by the way). All of a sudden, I feel this little hand on my thigh. What was this? I thought that she was married? Wasn't she just talking about her 10 month old???

I let the thigh-touch go, and started to lay on some charm. She was like putty in my hands! After another drink, she said something about a headache to the group and asked me if I might drive her back to her hotel. We walked out to the car, and being the gentlemen, I opened her door for her. While I was getting the door open, she was groping my cock through my pants and shoving her tongue down my throught! Of course, I wasn't going to push her away, so I reached around to that fine bubble butt and pulled her closer to me.

"Maybe we should take this somewhere more private" she said to me.

"Good idea. I wouldn't want anybody to get the wrong idea and think that we were fooling around or anything!" I joked.

"Oh...I don't fool around. I FUCK around!" she said very seriously.

I hopped into the driver side of the car and sped off toward the hotel, while she groped my cock and kissed on my neck. The alcohol was bad enough, but I didn't need this kind of distraction while I was driving too! Soon, I pull the car into the hotel parking lot, and we made our way up to her room, kissing and groping all the way. As soon as we were in the door, she was on her knees in front of me and working on my belt and zipper.

"I've wanted this cock in my mouth all day!" she hissed.

"Well...I wouldn't want to keep a lady waiting any longer." 

I managed to pry my cock out of her mouth just long enough to get over to the bed and get my pants off, and she was back to slurping it down. Damn this little slut could suck cock! Not that I wasn't used to getting head, but she was so damn good and so fucking sexy that I was about ready to drown her with my cum! 

Just before I was going to cum, she stops sucking my cock and says, "Please cum for me, baby...I need your cum in my mouth. Give your cum to your little cum slut!!!"

Fuck...how do you argue with that? I grabbed 2 handfuls of blonde hair and shoved her mouth back down on my cock, gagging her in the process. She went back at my cock with even more energy now, and it wasn't going to be long before I blew my load. 

"Oh baby...I'm gonna cum for you. Suck my cock, you little cock slut!"

I came harder than I have since I was a virgin in high school, and she swallowed it all like a champ! 

"Damn...what did I do to deserve that?" I said to her.

"Did I need a reason? I've been hot for you all day!" she said. "But I think that its your turn now."

She gets off of the bed and starts to do a little strip tease for me. Just when she is down to her bikini panties, I get up and grab her with both hands, kiss her fiercely, and throw her down on the bed. I pounce on top of her, and start kissing her neck and shoulders...working my way down to her breasts and stomach. I pull her panties down over her bubble butt and off of her feet, tossing them on the floor. I could see that she was wet when I took her panties off, and that gave me all the more reason to diving...tongue first! With every lick and suck on her little pussy, she started to moan louder and louder until she started to shake all over. Finally, she pushed my head away and couldn't take any more of my attention to her clit and pussy. 

"That was fucking awesome!" she panted.

"Well...that's nothing compared to this!"

I pulled her legs up over my shoulders and slammed my cock into her sopping wet hole and started to fuck her mercilessly. Damn...for having a kid, this little blonde slut was hot! After a few minutes of my pounding and her screaming, I decided to change things up and flip her over. She must not be used to this because she wasn't sure what to do. Of course, a slap to the ass was all it took to get her to stay down on her hands and knees, and I shoved my cock back into her.

"You like it hard and rough, don't you?" I said.

"Fuck yes...oh fuck..."

"You're just a little slut, aren't you. MY little fuck slut!"

"Yes...just keep fucking me..."

Between her tight little cunt and constant moaning, I wasn't going to last very much longer. The biggest dilemma was were to fuckin blow my load. I really wanted to shoot it all over her pretty face and hair while I looked into those beautiful blue eyes, but since I've been thinking about that bubble ass all day, it was time to...

"Fuck baby...I'm gonna cum!"

"Oh God...baby, come for me. Give me your cum!"

That was it....that did it. I pulled out of her and shot it all over her ass and back. Amazingly enough after the blowjob that she gave me earlier, I shot about a quart all over her! As I laid back on the bed, she was all over my cock, licking and sucking it clean like a good little slut. 

"Damn, baby...you gotta give me a minute to recover!"

"Well, I'm in town for 3 days of training"