 We've been working for nearly a year now to get this business off the ground and we're finally starting to turn a profit. Still, it's a lot of hard work washing, drying, and folding what seems like an endless load of towels, sheets, and blankets. "There's hardly any time for us these days," I think as I tie up another big pile of plush warm towels for the hotel order. It waits with the other big piles by the back door to the loading dock, waiting in line as you load them onto the truck for delivery.

I watch your strong body moving back and forth from the backroom to the dock and then onto the truck. There is a thin patina of sweat on your face and down your neck and I wonder what it tastes like; I want to taste it. I've been thinking about this for three days, thinking about being alone with you. I put the "Closed for Lunch" sign on the front door and slip out the back door and onto the truck and wait for you to bring in the next batch of linens.

"Hey, what are you doing in here," you ask when you notice me in the shadows of the very back of the truck. "Have you come to help me load up the truck?" You're smiling as you walk to the back where I'm sitting on top of a soft, warm pile of towels waiting for you.

You are standing over me now and I can smell the sweet, sexy aroma of your body as I reach up and run my hands over your chest, feeling your muscular frame through your T-shirt. "All work and no play? Is that it?" You laugh and lean down to kiss me. I feel myself growing wet as your tongue pushes its way between my lips and I reach up, pulling you closer.

You taste so good. The salty-sweet sweat on your neck tastes just like I imagined it would. I quiver as your big, warm hands run up and down my sides, slipping inside my blouse, unhooking my bra.

"Yes, yes," I whisper, quickly reaching down to unbutton my thin cotton blouse. "I want to feel your mouth on me, yes." My breath is shallow now, faster as you bend your head toward my breasts. I feel your mouth close over my right nipple.

It's like an explosion inside of me and I just want more, more of you, more of everything. I moan loudly and ach my back toward you, holding you to me, running my hands though your hair. 

You raise your head and breathe into my ear, "I want to fuck you so much." Your hands move under my skirt, your fingers rubbing against my wet pussy through my panties. I want to touch you and feel your cock grow hard in my hand. My hands push against your jeans, quickly unbuttoning and unzipping you, reaching inside your boxer shorts to feel your rock hard cock pushing against my fingers. 

"Yes, that's it." Your breathing is coming harder now as I work the head and shaft of your cock with my small, soft hands. I open my legs so you can pull off my panties. Every part of me aches for you. "You're so wet, baby. I can't wait to fuck you," You moan as you push inside of me and I shudder.

I am sitting on the big warm pile of towels as you begin to fuck me slowly. Your thick cock moving in and out of me in an unhurried steady rhythm. My hands are holding on to you and my feet are pushing against your ass as you fuck me. I want you feel you deeper and deeper inside of me.

My breath catches as you begin to move a bit faster. It's like a rush of electricity and my clit is pulsing with each hard relentless thrust. I can feel my orgasm coming and it's torture because it feels so good I don't want it to stop but I know I can't stop it and suddenly my whole body is shaking and my pussy is pulsing around your cock as my orgasm explodes. I am quivering and moaning as you fuck me harder and harder.

"Don't stop! Fuck me harder, baby!" I'm moaning into your chest as I feel your hands slip underneath me, pulling my ass tight against you. I can feel every inch of you inside me growing harder and harder as you thrust your cock inside of me faster and faster. I know you're close to coming now as you just pull me flush against you drilling your cock into me, then your body tensing as your cock explodes inside me wave after wave as you fill me.

Both of us are shaking when we're finished. - your long, lanky body leaning against my petite frame for support as I lean against you. "How long have you been planning this one, honey." You ask smiling and kissing my hair as you begin pull on your pants.  

"About three days," I smile, buttoning my blouse and getting ready to rewash a well-used pile of laundry.