 "You owe me." He stood by my desk and looked down at me like I was some kind of scum.

"Yeah. I owe you. Ask me to buy you dinner. Ask me to take you out on my boat some weekend. Don't ask me to take your sister out on a blind date."

"I know it's a lot to ask. Look, I know you'd like to go to the big scuba show at the Queen Mary this weekend. I'll pay for you both, and pay for dinner. Please." I thought if I didn't give in he would get on his knees and beg.

"OK. I'll do it. Heaven help me if she looks like you."

"She doesn't. She's blond, and I don't look like a woman but she does." He dropped a card on my desk with her name, address and phone number on it. She was visiting from Florida. She had been in an accident and had finished rehab and everything before she came out here to California to visit her brother. She would be staying at Bill's house with Bill, his wife and their two kids for two weeks. I was to take her out on Saturday. Oh well, at least I'd get into the scuba show for free and get dinner too.

When I called her the next day she had been at Bill's about four hours. I introduced myself and asked her if I could take her to the scuba show on Saturday. She wanted to know if I was a diver, if I had a boat, and how long it took to learn to dive. She sounded really nice, and even a little sexy on the phone and I found myself hoping she would say "Yes" to my invitation. She did. I told her I'd pick her up at nine in the morning.

At nine sharp I was standing on Bill's front porch feeling like some teenaged pimple ringing a doorbell, waiting for my date's Dad to open the door. Instead a beautiful young woman opened the door. She was blond, tall and beautiful. She was wearing a tunic top that was big enough to hang below her butt and yet snug enough to make sure I noticed that she had two wonderful, full breasts. Her smile was radiant and held my attention until I noticed that she also had on dark blue tights, or perhaps the right word is tight since there was only one leg. Her left leg was missing! Bill had set me up with a one legged woman! 

I had a fleeting thought about leaving, but that smile and the light in her eyes brought me back before I could move to leave.

She grabbed the crutches by the door and came out. We walked to my truck and she told me how much she liked trucks, and the outdoors. She got in without my help after I opened the door, and I noticed that her leg was very shapely. I looked away, not knowing exactly what I should or shouldn't do. I focused on getting us on the freeway and then the conversation took the familiar course of two strangers trying to find enough common ground to like each other.

I discovered that this was a hiker, swimmer, biker, camper who loved sports, loved being outdoors, hated hunting with anything more dangerous than a camera, and worked as a teacher at a community college in Vermont. She discovered (if she had already been briefed by Bill she never let on) that I am a hiker, swimmer, diver, camper, boater who loves being outdoors, loves outdoor sports, hates hockey, doesn't hunt, and works as an analyst in a consulting firm. By the time we had driven the thirty miles to The Queen Mary where the scuba show was being held, we were friends. As I watched the road and talked with her I got more and more comfortable with her. Every time I looked over at her I was surprised at how she radiated healthy, happy, pretty and sexy. I had two thoughts during that drive about taking her home to meet my Mom and Dad and marrying her. Then I noticed her missing leg, or noticed that there was a missing leg and it should have been there, and I had second and third thoughts about even being her friend.

We wandered around the show looking at all the newest and shiniest scuba stuff and she charmed everyone. She would smile at someone, ask a few questions and have them smiling or laughing and treating her like family. The men treated her like family that they wanted to have sex with, but everyone liked her. She had me explain anything she didn't understand, and she asked me questions about what was important to me, and what I liked and didn't like until I was sure she knew me better than my mother. I saw myself in a mirror once and was shocked to see how huge my grin was, and later I saw it again reflected in something chrome. I was having a wonderful time.

We stopped at a booth where a man was sitting behind a desk with information about a dive school and store that he and his brother ran in Huntington Beach. The man looked at Carol and asked, "Where'd you leave your leg?" His smile never wavered. Mine did. I wasn't to the place where I could ask that question.

Before Carol could answer he rolled back from the desk to show that both his legs were gone from the knees down. "Shark got mine of the Barrier Reef nine years ago." he said.

"Auto accident last January for me." Carol said. 

"Damn shame. You seem to be doing well. I'm glad." He turned his attention to two young men who had come in to sign up for one of their classes. Carol and I moved on to the next booth and she stopped and asked, "Were you curious?"

"Yes. I didn't know how to ask, without seeming callous or something. "

She looked me straight in the eye and said, "I like you a lot. I want to know you better than anyone knows you, and I want you to know me. I want to depend on you being able to say what you want to say and ask what you need to ask and I want you to know that I damn sure will. So far I've really enjoyed our date and really had fun, but if you don't make a pass soon I'm going to think you don't like me." Her smile would light up the continent, and she stood there aiming it at me. I took the invitation and stepped up to her and took her in my arms and kissed her. I started soft and slow and was met with a hot, willing tongue and a full body press that had my cock swelling instantly. After a long kiss we came up for air and noticed lots of people smiling at us. 

"I need a Coke and to sit for a while. Do you mind?" 

"That's just what I had in mind. C'mon." I headed toward the snack bar area with Carol right beside me.

"I had the feeling you had something else in mind." Her smile had just a touch of lechery in it and she glanced at my now shrinking hard-on.

"A Coke won't get us arrested."

On the way to a nice quiet restaurant I know in the marina we listened to a James Taylor CD and talked about life in Vermont and growing up with Bill. She asked about my childhood and laughed at all the places in my story that I wanted her to laugh. At dinner we held hands and during desert she rubbed my leg with her foot. I wanted her.

In fact I realized I had wanted her all day. I was about to say something suggestive when the waiter brought the check. After handing him my credit card I turned to her and said, "You said you wanted me to say what's there for me to say. OK. What's here for me is that I want you to come home with me and spend the night. I want to make love to you."

She sat very still and didn't change expression until after I had signed the charge slip and the waiter had walked away.

"My brother told me that I would have a good time with you today. My brother said you were a nice guy who was a little shy around women. My brother is sitting at home wondering how this date is going, and what time I'll be home. My brother can just sit there all night long if he wants to. I want to see your home. I want to be in your bed and I want to feel that cock I've been playing with inside my pussy. I'd say we'd better be getting out of here before I can't wait for a bed."

At my home we were greeted by Bud my black lab and led to the bedroom by him as well. I slowly started undressing Carol and then asked if she wanted the lights off or dim. She said she wanted to see, feel and taste every inch of me so leave the light on. We did.

When I pulled the tight down off her leg I did it slowly and kissed along the skin as I exposed it. Her leg was smooth, well muscled and well tanned. In fact her entire body was well tanned, with no tan lines at all. When I got to the part of our foreplay where I touched her scarred area I was surprised at how sensitive it was to my touch. When I kissed along the scar lines her breath became shallow and quickened. When I finally ran my tongue along the shaved slit of her pussy she moaned loudly and had her first orgasm. I tenderly tongued her lips and near her clitoris for a long time while I caressed every inch of her that I could reach while still applying my tongue to her pussy. 

After a number of smaller orgasms I could feel her getting closer and closer to a really big orgasm. I waited and when I couldn't wait any longer I sucked her clit into my mouth and sucked pretty hard while flicking it with the tip of my tongue. Every muscle in her body tensed, her head went back, and a very long moan came from her mouth. It started loud and got really loud. She shook and thrashed all over my bed. A torrent of her tasty juice spilled from her and soaked my face, neck and chest. I loved it! 

After a short rest, she asked me to fuck her. Being a gentleman, I did not have to be asked more than once. As I moved to be able to enter her she rotated onto her side, leg down. I had easy and complete access to her wet opening by straddling her leg. My balls felt her leg as I moved in and out of her pussy. She gripped my cock and moved like no other woman has ever moved with me before. We tried other positions and in every case the feeling created by not having two legs was incredible. We ended up back in the position we started with and when I came she used the muscles in her vagina to milk me dry. It was so exciting to see and feel myself as I bumped against the fleshy cushion where her leg once had been. I could not have lasted a second longer.

It didn't matter. In that first night we made love over and over. We used tongues, hands, fingers, my cock, her pussy, the scars and every inch of both of our bodies. That was just over a year ago. Now she lives here in California, teaches here, scuba dives, goes camping and loves the outdoors. With me.