 My stories are in generally in chronological order. I encourage you to follow along and read these stories in this order as a prelude to this one:

I Hire Monica The Maid 

Monica's First Day as My Maid

Monica the Maid's Three Hole Day

I Partner with Linda, A Salon Owner 

I Massage Monica the Maid

Hot and Sexy Business Opportunities

I Become a Therapeutic Instructor

The Affair Continues in Las Vegas

I Rub an Asian MILF the Right Way

Going Where No Man Has Gone Before

Cumming Where No Man Has Cum Before

That Was The Weekend That Was

I'm Rewarded for a Job Well Done

Fun in Las Vegas with my MILFs

That Was The Week That Was 

Las Vegas Swimsuit Photo Shoot

Now: Three Models in a Vegas Hotel Room 

Then: 

I Take My MILF Lisa to Mexico

I'm Ambushed by a Very Hot MILF

The CFO Gets Her Assets Worked Over

In Pursuit of a Very Hot MILF

The Second Time is Twice as Nice

Roadblocks Pursuing the Hot MILF

Nirvana! My Hot MILF Likes Pussy!

Thanks for your views and votes!

++++

Dana and Sonia had their way with me in the late afternoon after we had rested up following the photo shoot and the celebration luncheon.

I had my way with them too. 

Both were both tired but also excited at how well the photo shoot went. 

Sonia had modeled and did a great job. She was a natural in front of the camera; her beauty came out once she was out of her shell. 

I was also very proud of Dana for producing such a fine event. 

The two ladies wanted to thank me. 

I let them. 

We quickly showered together and they put me on my back in the middle of one of the king size beds. 

The two of them ganged up on me, in a very good way. 

Dana focused on the top half of my body and Sonia focused on the lower half. 

Dana and I spent a lot of time kissing and I sucked on her fantastically puffy nipples and played with her breasts, rubbed her bare back and held her.

Dana also massaged my head, my face, my chest, arms, hands, belly all the while kissing me and allowing my hands to roam.

It was playful, we were smiling; her big task had been accomplished. 

I don't mind saying that I left a lot of love bites and hickies on Dana. 

Her breasts were covered and so was her neck. 

I know I shouldn't have done it because I had a second photo shoot scheduled for my backyard and I wanted to Dana to model but once I started biting and bruising her I figured I could let her produce again and we could schedule a very private shoot later for her. 

I think she took it as a badge of love and honor that I would cover her with love marks. 

The time I spent with Dana was intimate, like two lovers who are lost in one another. And we were, and as much as I wanted her to, Dana purposely avoided running her hands below my waist. 

Dana encouraged me to play with her pussy and ass, with my hands, my tongue, lips, mouth and teeth.

I manipulated her to an orgasm with my fingers which took the edge off her. 

Meanwhile, Sonia took take care of my nether region, although there was some overlap, as Sonia wasn't shy about rubbing my belly in the course of kissing my cock. 

Sonia was outstanding at teasing me. It wasn't just her body, although she could stir me to an erection just by looking at her. She believed in keeping me on edge for as long as possible before allowing me to cum.

Sonia was no stranger to cock. 

While I had plowed and planted my swimmers in her virgin pussy the night before (actually, all night long the night before; I do not know how many times I came into that very tight, very wet, very hot, very welcoming pussy). 

But I fucked her all night long. 

Hot, tight, wet, willing. 

Fresh, young, never been cummed in before. 

All new sensations for her and great ones for me. 

But Sonia's sexual experiences in her village in Mexico and with Sonia's husband were far more extensive than I would have ever thought. 

Yes, she was still a virgin until last evening but it turns out that Sonia had a Ph.D. in oral lovemaking. 

She was so good at it she would have been the department chair in Sexual Studies at Harvard. 

Kathy had alluded to this when she told me that she and Sonia shared a bed after she kicked her husband out of the house for trying to fuck Sonia behind Kathy's back. 

While Kathy was interested in me initiating Sonia into having normal sexual relations with a man, I was sure that Kathy was planning on keeping Sonia "down on the farm" meaning devoted to having Sonia lick Kathy whenever Kathy wanted it. 

I found out later what had happened to Sonia when Sonia shared her story later that day with Monica.

Monica and I had no secrets and so within hours, Monica shared Sonia's story with me. 

Sonia came from a small Mexican farming village, and her parents were very poor. They were blessed with many children, but it was also a curse. The curse being those children needed to be fed and clothed and taken care of. 

When Sonia turned a certain age, in Sonia's case, eighteen, which was above the age of consent in that particular Mexican state, she was shipped off to live with and work for a rich family in a city and whatever money Sonia earned was sent back to her parents.

In Sonia's case, the wealthy family had three sons, ages 18, 19 and 20, all living at home. 

They had an older woman in her late sixties who was employed as the chief cook, and Sonia learned from her how to prepare meals, set the table and serve. 

But in addition to being a maid and cook, Sonia was expected to "take care of" the young men. 

The rich family's mother made it crystal clear than Sonia was not to be used vaginally or anally.

There was no exception to this; Sonia's honor was to be preserved as part of the agreement with Sonia's parents. 

The mom had four levels of satisfaction her sons could earn.

The lowest level was that the son could masturbate while a completely dressed Sonia watched. 

The next level would be that a topless Sonia would perform a hand job on the young man until climax.

The third level would be when a topless Sonia orally satisfied the young man. Just licking and kissing of the penis, finishing off with a hand job and certainly no swallowing. 

The final level would be when Sonia orally satisfied the young man and swallowed his load while she was topless. To make this reward more satisfying, Sonia would sometimes lower her head and lick the balls of the young to award winner. That always got a groan out of the recipient and a shy smile from Sonia, who was learning more each day about how to please these horny young men with hard cocks. 

Level four was preferred by the rich mom because there would be no mess. No stained sheets. No wet spots on blankets, pillow cases, mattresses. Sonia would suck and swallow until the dripping ended. 

The young men wanted the better blow job too and they strived to achieve it each night. They wanted level four. 

In the rich mom's mind, having Sonia take care of the boys guaranteed well behaved males, because if they misbehaved, the mom would simply cut off the sexual favors Sonia was providing until the son in question got his act together. 

If any one of her sons got out of line, all it took was hearing Sonia satisfy his brother next door for the young man to shape up, because he knew what he was missing and none of the sons wanted to miss Sonia taking care of their turgid cock before going to sleep. 

This kept the three sons focused on finishing their education. Bad grades, tardiness, fighting in school, doing poorly on a test meant no blow job. 

Sonia liked the three sons and didn't mind the interaction. 

They were polite to her and always asked for a little more than she was willing to give.

She smiled and just kept on with her task, never exceeding what the mom had approved. 

Late evenings became the most interesting time of the day in the house. 

While the rich mom decided how each son would cum, Sonia learned that she had a lot of power with men because she decided how long they would have to wait to cum. And this would determine how much they would spurt.

Now, this was rather strange, but true: the mom personally supervised Sonia blowing the sons. 

The mom wanted to make sure that her boys and Sonia knew and followed the rules that had been laid down. 

No pussy, no ass. 

No hands below the waist. 

No kissing. 

Fondling of the breasts was okay as was sucking Sonia's nipples but only if Sonia agreed. 

The mom wanted to make sure that all that Sonia did was watch or tug; lick, suck and/or swallow. 

For a level four winner, time spent ball licking was an extra special part of the reward for a job very well done. 

The mom would direct Sonia who got what reward each night as they visited the bedrooms, one at a time. 

As you can imagine, there were some tears when one of the sons who wanted or expected a level four reward found himself rubbing one out in front of Sonia and his mom because he had been tardy to a class earlier that day. According to Sonia, he was never tardy again. 

The mother strove for perfect behavior from her sons in her upper class home and found Sonia a very useful tool to steer behavior, attitudes and performance to the level she thought her male children were capable of. 

Having Sonia around also kept the boys from fooling around with the local girls, many who dreamed of becoming pregnant and then being part of the well to do family. 

Sonia got to know the young men and what they liked about the reward system, and she soon realized that she would be swallowing a lot of loads of semen unless something changed. 

The sons were normally pretty good during the week but on weekends they would act up and give their mother a hard time, especially when the father was out of town. 

Sonia suggested that on weekends, to improve their behavior and attitude, that the rewards be changed so that there was only one level four awarded on each Friday, Saturday and Sunday night and no other rewards. 

This put the boys into a highly competitive situation, trying to please their mother instead of fighting with her. 

Whereas before they could count on, at a minimum, performing a hand job while fondling a topless Sonia, now it was a top of the line BJ with swallow or beating off into the sheets on their own. 

The mom loved the idea and put it into play and weekend behavior improved immediately. 

But there was more. 

The dad had to be satisfied too. 

The rich mom didn't like fellatio and she especially hated swallowing so Sonia became her surrogate cock sucker. 

That started the first night Sonia was in the house.

Sonia was summoned from the kitchen to the master bedroom before she had even unpacked. 

In front of the father, Sonia was told to undress to her panties and orally satisfy the dad before heading back to help clean up after dinner. 

The wealthy mom supervised those sessions as well, making sure that her very horny husband kept away from Sonia's virgin pussy and ass. 

It was during these sessions that Sonia learned how to take a man deep into her throat and allow him to shoot his seed down her throat without tasting or gagging.

The husband was initially gentle with Sonia but as the nights went on, he began to hold her head down and force her mouth onto his erection, causing her to gag and sometimes throw up.

The husband, having visited many whores through the years, felt that the unwillingness to deep throat was not a physical impediment but a mental one, and he used his strong hands to bring Sonia around. 

Sonia, once her gag reflex was gone, always satisfied the husband, so much so that he would often return to his home for the afternoon siesta to have Sonia relieve his stress. The rich wife present, of course. 

And the mom needed daily relief too, and Sonia learned to orally satisfy her female benefactor. 

Sonia related that the father and sons were all hairy and so was the rich mom. 

What was going on was of no surprise to the older cook, who had been with the family for many years. 

She too, took advantage of Sonia and required Sonia to sleep with her each night, and having Sonia satisfy her sexually at the start and end of each long work day. 

So, in no time flat, because of the number of times each day she had to satisfy the father, mother, the three sons, and the older cook Sonia became an expert at the oral arts.

She told Monica that the rich mom was highly orgasmic but that Sonia could delay her satisfaction for a long time, reducing the sex starved woman to tears and leaving her begging. When Sonia finally allowed the rich wife to cum, she would shake and shudder for a long time, then want Sonia to suckle at her breasts.

During all these months, the only relief Sonia had was with her own fingers. 

When she was about to turn nineteen, the rich family found another fresh eighteen year old and sent Sonia back to her family, and Sonia's parents, not wanting another adult mouth to feed, shipped Sonia north to the US for work. 

Kathy was her "sponsor."

I've previously alluded to the relationship between Kathy and Sonia and in the story "That Was The Week That Was." 

Kathy had asked me to consider paying something to Sonia for her time in Las Vegas doing research and being a model and I said I would. 

Kathy also had alluded to me paying Sonia for taking her two cherries and I did not answer her directly. 

I had every intention of paying Sonia I just wouldn't tell Kathy how much I would donate to the cause, because it was none of Kathy's business. And the money wasn't for Kathy, although I knew she wanted it. 

While I had been pounding Sonia last night, Dana came numerous times on the tongue and lips and fingers of Sonia. 

Dana hadn't had any women eat her but she swore to me that Sonia was incredible. 

As for her fellatio skills, I didn't force the issue with Sonia the night before. I didn't have to because Dana was sucking me between my bouts in Sonia's tight sleeve. 

I would have Dana suck me hard then pound Sonia, cum in Sonia's pussy. 

Then Dana would wash me and suck me hard again, sometimes not even wash me, just suck me hard again, and then I would take Sonia again, cumming into that oh so tight pussy again. And again. And again.

I was if Sonia existed to serve my cock and my cock alone. 

There is nothing like fucking a young hot babe with lower lips that tightly grip your cock as you enter and thrust in and out of her hot, wet pussy and play with a firm, flawless body all the while a second female of equal beauty and sexual interest is licking your tight ball sack and rimming you to maximize your pleasure. 

After I deposited a huge load into Dana, she hurriedly showered and headed off the videographer's business to watch the raw footage and to start working with the team there to edit it down. 

Dana not only had a project to complete for college but she also had to finish our commercial videos for the CYN Suits website and pass them on to Diana for our social media campaign.

I was still in bed with a nude Sonia who was cleaning my cock of Dana's juices with her exquisite mouth, tongue, and lips when Monica arrived to spend a few nights. 

As you may recall, I had Monica and Susan spend almost a week in the same room in Las Vegas with only a queen size bed as they did their market research for the swimsuit line. 

I was sure there was a lot of female hanky-panky going on between those two lovely ladies but neither one said anything to me about it. 

Yet.

My plan was to move Dana out for a few days while she did her college project and move Monica in and be roomies with Sonia and I. Then head back to LA. 

Kathy was still sick and I had asked Monica to coordinate her care as she recovered. I purposely kept Sonia away from Kathy; Kathy was a bit too demanding and controlling and I needed Sonia to see some of what was available to her as a young, hot female adult. 

Mainly, how to make some money through modeling and how to accommodate a man's hard cock in each of her orifices. 

I didn't want Kathy interfering with Sonia's education, sexual and otherwise.

So, when Monica came in I had her put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door and had her get into bed with us.

Monica had long ago lost her shyness and she was nude in less than a minute. 

She greeted me with a kiss, lots of tongue. I reached up and rubbed her ample firm breasts in greeting. 

I now had two women, one on either side of me, nude, in bed, and they kissed hello over my midsection, Sonia still holding my cock.

Monica said "Mr. Jack, how can we pleasure you today?"

I smiled and said, "We need to get to know one another better" and with that I directed Sonia "to make Monica feel welcome with us" which meant, I wanted Sonia to lick Monica to heaven. 

Now, I wasn't being a jerk about this request.

I had Monica explain in Spanish that we would all have a good time and that Sonia needed to mind her elders and that she would be rewarded in turn.

With a sly smile, Sonia climbed between Monica's tan and toned thighs, and began pleasuring Monica. 

Despite her young age, Sonia was about as good at eating pussy as I had run across. 

Dana sang Sonia praises for taking care of her the previous night. 

Before she left for work she said "Jack, if I am stranded on a desert island and I had my pick of women, Sonia's the one."

As Sonia settled in, I began kissing Monica and playing with her very nice breasts. 

I described them quite well in "I Hire Monica the Maid."

Remember, Monica (the Maid) was no spring chicken, but since I had hired her she had gotten into better shape, physically and mentally. 

Morally, I had corrupted her, converting her into a bi-sexual but she was fine with that. I say that because she never dated any men after her husband had passed and never mentioned any interest in men except after I started fucking her (three holes a day). After our sexual adventures started she seemed to be satisfied by what I did for her or to her. 

With Sonia now eating at the Y, within about a minute, Monica was writhing on the bed; Sonia had Monica's hands held down as she licked all around Monica's clit, only blowing on the clit itself, which was causing Monica to moan and start begging for Sonia to give her relief. 

Sonia just kept up her kisses and licks, and her eyes smiled at me as I knew she was pleasurably torturing Monica for a reason. Sonia wanted Monica to know who was in control and when Monica could cum and how she would cum. 

Monica may have been her elder, but when it came to oral sex, Sonia was in the drivers seat as far as Monica was concerned. 

The teasing continued, unabated as Sonia masterfully brought Monica to the brink, only to back off, leaving Monica humping her hips in open air, in search of Sonia's mouth, tongue and lips to bring her the much needed release.

It was a great show to watch; Monica's nipples were as big and as hard as I'd ever seen them; her body was covered with a sheen of sweat, the hair around her face was matted down, her face flushed, her eyes closed tightly, her lips continually being bathed by her own tongue as she begged for release, to cum, to end the torment that young Sonia was subjecting her to. 

The begging continued and at one point, Monica, her eyes tightly shut and her hips pumping the air, cried to me "Mr. Jack, please make her let me cum! I can't take this anymore!" Then she swore in Spanish, which caused Sonia to stop her kisses and licks.  

Sonia's eyes' twinkled at this and she looked at me and I shook my head "No" meaning, there would be no relief for Monica from me.

With Monica still held down by Sonia's hands, Sonia focused on Monica's lower lips which were parted and Monica's river started to flow. 
