 Dylan had only been at school for about two weeks, but already he had left town and gone out west to his cousin's bachelor party. Because he had classes until late Friday, he was the last one to arrive Saturday afternoon, and by the time he had checked into his hotel and called to find them, it was starting to get dark out.

A taxi ride and short walk later, Dylan found himself outside a building that looked a lot like everyone other building in the city. But even before he entered, Dylan could already hear the deep 'thump-thump' of the music on the inside. The wait was a half hour, but after slipping the bouncer a twenty and explaining his situation, he was let in.

As soon as he got inside, most Dylan headed to the bathroom. He'd been holding it the whole time they were in line, not wanting to incur the wrath of the local cops or worse, the bouncers who prowled this club like 280 lb. Dobermans. He relieved himself, and headed back out to find his friends and relatives.

He found them occupying a section of bar, and several huge pitchers of a blue-colored drink. He took a cup of the stuff, sipped it, and then asked Kenny what it was called.

"I don't know man, but Ryan calls it "Boing!"

"Boing?"

"Yeah. Don't know what's in it, but it's pretty strong."

Dylan wasn't one to turn down a free drink, so he quickly downed his cup, refilled, and then turned to survey the scenery.

The club was packed, as it was every Saturday night, and as a single man on the hunt, Dylan saw many targets that caught his fancy. He was just getting ready to go ask a slutty-looking blonde to dance when he got bumped from behind, almost spilling his drink. He was just getting ready to turn and chew out whatever jackass couldn't stand up straight, but instead of a 6' meathead, he found a 5' Asian girl with a horrified look on her face.

"Oh God! I'm sorry. Kirsten fell into me. You didn't spill on yourself, did you?"

Dylan quickly checked her out as she spoke. She wasn't that short, maybe 5'2", with a nice set of curves. She wasn't dressed like a college girl, all slutty, but had on a slinky sleeveless top and a pair of tight black pants. Her spiky heels gave her a few extra inches, but still she wasn't someone that Dylan, at 5'10", could look in the eye.

"No, its ok. You look like you did though."

"Yeah, all over the floor, luckily."

"Would you like another one?"

"I'd love one, but I'm already drinking free, since it's my cousin's bachelorette party. She's really hammered though, so I'm not sure how much longer we'll be here."

"Oh. That's too bad."

She smiled at this, like she really was sorry to go.

"So, here to pick up chicks?"

"Not primarily. It's my cousin Kenny's bachelor party. That's Kenny doing shots off the bartender's cleavage, actually."

"Oh wow."

"Listen, you want to dance?"

"Umm, sure."

Dylan took her hand, and led her out to the dance floor. As they started to dance, Dylan realized that they hadn't exchange names. He opened his mouth to ask.

"I'm Jennifer."

"Dylan."

They continued to chat as much as they could over the loud music, and after a couple songs they moved off to the side to talk, which soon moved into making out like a couple of teenagers. It wasn't until too late that they both looked for the packs they were traveling in to realize that they had disappeared, leaving them stranded.

"Wow, stuck here by ourselves. What will we ever do?" Dylan smiled down at Jenn, who didn't seem too concerned about her plight.

"I don't know. But my feet are killing me from these shoes."

"Well, my hotel isn't far away, and I know their bar is open late. We could go back there."

"Or we could skip the bar and go straight to your room." Jenn smiled back, her innocent smile not matching her suggestion.

"I guess that works." Dylan took her hand, and led her towards the door.

A couple short walks and an elevator ride later, they found themselves in front of the door to Dylan's hotel room. He opened the door and flipped on the lights.

"If I'd known I was bringing someone home, I would have cleaned up."

"No, its fine. My apartment looks worse than this."

Dylan chuckled as he removed his shoes. "Would you like a drink?"

"Umm, no thanks. I'm good." Jenn was looking out the window now, across at the other wing of the hotel.

"Dylan, you have to see this. There's a couple going at it over there."

"What? Where?"

"Like straight across, one floor down. He's really giving it to her good too." She was leaning over onto the windowsill now, her ass sticking out behind her.

"Great view." Dylan said, not meaning out the window.

"Yeah, you can see everything." Jenn unconsciously reached under herself and fixed her crotch now.

Dylan slid up beside her, running his hand across her ass and up her back to her shoulder. She purred in response, loving the touch of his hand.

His hand touched her chin now, lifting it up so her lips met his.

"Why don't we give them a show?" He asked softly, his lips touching hers.

She nodded in response, and he leaned in to kiss her harder now, as his hands roamed her body. Hers went straight to his belt, and started to unbuckle him.

"Baby, I don't need any more foreplay. I really just want you in me right now."

Dylan paused for a second, surprised by her forwardness, but rolled with her needs and started to pull her shirt up off of her.

She didn't need a bra as she wasn't overwhelming in the chest department, only an A-cup. This didn't deter Dylan though, and he knelt to nestle into her chest, his mouth moving to her nipples.

She had gotten his pants to drop to the floor now, and as he suckled on her tits, she moaned her contentment, her hands running through his spiky hair.

She soon couldn't hold out any more, and her small hands slipped to her own pants, unbuttoning and slipping them down her legs.

Her skin was smooth to Dylan's touch as his hands roamed all over her body. As soon as her pants fell, his hands slipped down and began to caress her ass, kneading her cheeks. She moaned louder, her hand pulling on the tit Dylan wasn't sucking.

He began to kiss down her body now, running across her flat stomach, down to the only area of her body that was still covered. As he did so, she reached down and grabbed his shirt, pulling it up and over his head. This pulled his head away from her body for a second, and she quickly pulled it back to her abdomen, where Dylan was tenderly kissing her tight stomach.

Her panties were a tiny black g-string, which covered very little in front and nothing in back. Dylan soon was kissing along its edges, which elicited more purring and moaning from his lover.

"Oh baby. I want you so bad" she groaned, her hands holding his head to her body.

Dylan realized that he had no need to warm her up anymore, and started to kiss back up her body, to her shoulder. She threw her arms around his neck, and he picked her up and carried her to the king-sized bed. He set her gently on the edge, and grabbed the edges of her panties, pulling them down and off.

She massaged the insides of her thighs now, showing him her sex. It was bare, and so smooth that Dylan wondered if there had ever been hair there.

He leaned in to kiss her now, and she reached out and pulled him on top of her, his cock smashed into her stomach. As they locked lips, her tiny hand grabbed his cock, and guided it to her waiting honey pot.

She grunted a little as his tip entered her, and he felt that she was tighter than any girl he had ever been in. Her need outweighed her pain, and she pulled him into her, his giant dick stretching her tiny pussy.

When his balls finally slapped against her ass, he heard her exhale with a giant groan. He began to thrust in and out now, her well-lubed pussy still getting used to his giant invader.

Her hands were locked onto his back, pulling him into her as she threw her head back and screamed her passion.

Dylan kissed her neck as he continued his work, plunging himself into her hot box.

"Oh baby it's so big. So good. Yesss fuck mmeee."

Her high pitched yelping was getting Dylan really hot, so he sped up, nailing her with a speed and force he didn't know he had. As he sped up his piston, his Oriental princess grabbed her knees and spread her legs really wide, her tiny tits bouncing every time his body slammed against hers.

Finally Dylan felt her body writhing in ecstasy and a flood of warm juices around his cock. She slowed him now, not pulling him out, but just holding him in place as her orgasm peaked, and finally came down.

Jennifer's face was sweaty as she looked up at him, but she had a big smile on her face.

"You got me off baby, now what do you want?"

Again Dylan was surprised by her forwardness, and sat there with his mouth open, thinking.

"How about you fuck me on the windowsill?"

Dylan shrugged, and grabbed her by the ass. She again wrapped her arms around his neck, and he carried her over to the windowsill, his penis still firmly lodged in her vagina. He set her on the ledge now, and started to drive her against the glass.

Now that she was satisfied, the little Asian girl became even more animated. She grabbed his ass, she massaged his chest, she sucked his nipple, she scratched his back, she bit his shoulder, she screamed, she flailed, she moaned, she groaned, she pulled her knees to her shoulders, she spread her legs way out, she did anything and everything as she perched on the window ledge, pressed against the glass, fucking him with abandon.

Finally, Dylan felt that familiar burning. "I'm going to cum" he announced.

"Where do you want to cum?" She asked sweetly, licking her lips.

"You want me to cum in your mouth, don't you?"

"Baby, after the orgasms you've given me, you can cum anywhere you want."

This set Dylan off, and he pulled out of her suddenly, and pushed her to the ground. He wasn't quick enough, though, and instead of cumming in her mouth, his spunk blasted out of his cock and all over her face and tits. She smiled the whole time though, as her cheeks, nose, neck, tits, and mouth were coated in a layer of semen.

When Dylan finally finished his painting, she took him in her mouth and sucked their juices off his cock. She then got up, kissed his cheek, and walked towards the bathroom.

Dylan sat down on the bed, and heard the water turn on. He lay back for a second, planning to join his partner, but wanting to let her clean up first. He took a deep breath, and looked down to see that he was still hard.

"That's weird" he said aloud. "Usually I shrink right back down."

He shrugged though, and looked out the window for a minute, before deciding he'd waited long enough.

Dylan strolled around the bed, his rod sticking out in front of him. He poked his head inside the door, and saw Jenn's naked body through the steamy glass. Her head was back, her hands running through her hair. Dylan silently snuck through the door and leaned against the sink, watching her slowly lather up her body.

He wondered if she knew he was there when she spoke up:

"Are you going to just sit there or are you coming in here with me?"

Dylan took the hint, opened the shower door and slid in. He was met by a beautiful, wet, Asian beauty, who wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him into a deep kiss. She turned him around so he was under the water, running her hands all over his body as the hot water flowed over him.

Finally she grabbed his hard member and began to jerk it a little bit, her wet hand making it slick work. He groaned his appreciation to her attention, and leaned back against the side of the shower. She began to suck his nipple again, her other hand caressing his flat stomach.

Jenn started to kiss down his body now, her cool lips contrasting with the warm water. She kissed down his stomach, stopping for a second to run her tongue around his belly button. 

When she hit his waistline, she pulled back, and sunk her mouth down over his cock in one fell swoop, her nose hitting his curlies as she absorbed all 8 inches.

"Oh fuck" Dylan groaned loudly as he felt the fantastic sensation of this girl's tiny mouth wrapped all the way around his cock. He couldn't believe she could take him in.

Jenn pulled back out now, and began to loudly slurp on his wet cock. Dylan stroked her wet hair as she did so, appreciative of her oral talents. She obviously knew what she was doing, so he didn't interfere.

After several minutes of sucking his rod, Jenn pulled back and went back to jerking, switching her attention to his balls, which she sucked and licked like two jawbreakers. The feeling was fantastic, and Dylan's hips rose towards her in ecstasy.

Just when the feeling was becoming too much on his sack, she dove back onto his cock, again deep-throating his python, and letting him fuck her mouth. As he started to move towards orgasm, and began really thrusting, she suddenly pulled back off of him, his cock falling out with an audible 'pop.'

Jenn stood back up now, and looked him in the eye, that cute little innocent look back on her face.

"You already wasted one load on my face. I want the next one inside me."

With that, she kissed Dylan once, a long, deep, sensual kiss. When that ended, she turned around and lifted one leg up onto the edge of the tub, showing him her sex from behind.

Dylan moseyed up behind her, and began to rub his cock against her wet pussy. She was so short he had to crouch a bit, but soon had found the angle, and sunk his sword deep inside her.

It was as if a dam had burst, and the tiny Asian girl moaned out in appreciation of his cock's entry back into her sacred place.

Dylan started slow, his hands on her hips, but soon had sped up, the water providing extra lubrication as he really drilled Jenn this time, less lovemaking than pure fucking.

Jenn's oral talents had cut down how long he would last, but he hoped the fact he had cum once would allow him to last long enough to make her cum at least once more, so he varied his rhythm and reached over, playing with her tits.

Jenn was not a shrinking violet, he had found, and moaned and screamed her passion loudly as he impaled her with his wet dick. 

"Yes, that's it. Ffuucck meee. Pleeeese baby. That's it. Faster. Faster. Oh God yes!"

He soon had her biting her own shoulder as he snaked one hand under her to diddle her clit as he pounded her from behind. This drove her absolutely wild, and Dylan was afraid for a second she was going to have a stroke as she flailed wildly before suddenly locking up, her body raked in orgasm again.

He felt the warm, smooth feeling of her cum around his cock, and as she came down off her umpteenth high, he decided to use it to his advantage. He popped out his cock from her pussy, his fingers still working her clit below her as she was still speechless from her cum.

He used his free hand to guide his cock to her tiny ass, where he pressed it against her rosebud. She didn't speak in response, her breath still gone from her massive blast of pleasure, but she nodded slowly to him.

He took that as permission to come aboard, and slowly pushed his cock into her tiny little sphincter.

As he slipped his dick into her back door, he realized this wasn't her first time taking it up the ass, as he never would have been able to get his cock up there if it was. As it was, he had to push against considerable force to get more than halfway in, she was so tight.

He finally gave up with only two-thirds of his cock inside her, and pulled back a little, before pushing in again. He only made it two more strokes after that before the night finally hit him, and he unloaded his second ball of the night deep into her ass.

As he came down off of his cum, he pulled out of her, and they both stood up, exhausted from their lovemaking. They finished their shower, and headed back to the bed, but this time, to use it for its primary purpose.

He only put boxers back on, and she borrowed one of his t-shirts, which came to mid thigh on her, and jumped into bed.

As he crawled in beside his tiny partner, she whispered to him "Don't you ever get soft?"

Dylan realized that he was still hard. He mumbled a reply of "Don't worry about it" and as soon as his head hit the pillow he was out.

The next morning, Dylan awoke to find several things that together made him rather unhappy: He had a hangover, Jenn was gone, and he was still hard. Normally the last one wouldn't go in that category, but since he couldn't remember being soft since he was at the bar the night before, it worried him a little bit.

He was also feeling guilty. While he realized that his 'relationships' back home were nothing more than casual fucking, this was the first time he had sex since leaving home, so he felt a little strange.

After cleaning himself up a bit and taking a shower, Dylan decided to go find breakfast. While the bachelor party was his primary reason to come here this weekend, he had no classes Monday, and planned to enjoy his Sunday without having to hurry back. 

He found a coffee shop about a block away, and headed in for some coffee and sustenance. As he stood at the counter, deciding what to order, he heard some giggling off to his left. Out of the corner of his eye he saw two teenage girls, turning red as they both stared at him. He looked down and saw that his loose pants weren't doing a very good job at holding down his erection.

He quickly fixed himself, smiling at the girls, who now went from tickled pink to beet red when they realized they'd been caught staring, but on the inside, some warning lights were going off inside his head. He got his coffee to go, and headed back up to his hotel room, figuring that a good jerk might take care of his issue.

After fifteen minutes and some good wrist action, Dylan came to the horrifying conclusion that his penis would not soften. Being one to self medicate, he then filled his ice bucket at the machine down the hall and proceeded to dip his pole into the polar pail. 

While the shock of the frigid water took his mind off of his penis for a moment, it did nothing to shrink his proud soldier. Another fifteen minutes of jerking and Dylan came to 2 conclusions: He was starting to chafe from all the work he was doing; and his penis would not go down. With that, he decided there was only one thing to do.

Calling a hotel's front desk and asking where the nearest hospital is located can be a delicate operation. One does not wish to alarm the staff and end up being carried out on a stretcher, so constant reassurance is necessary to prevent those Good Samaritans from calling an ambulance and having you led through the lobby while everyone looks on, especially in Dylan's case.

So after convincing the staff that he just needed to have an old soccer injury checked out, Dylan set out. Along the way, he saw quite a few women giggling at his predicament, and while he tried to hide it at first, he found it worse to walk with it tucked between his legs.

Finally he reached the hospital, and headed in to the emergency room. The receptionist was a young girl, maybe twenty. She wasn't a knockout, but was 'cute' in a 'girl next door' type of way. Dylan sat down, and began to lay out his tale of woe.

"I'm sorry; did you say your penis is hard?"

"Yes."

"Ok sicko, go find someone else to harass."

"No wait, I'm serious."

"So am I. Do I have to call Security?"

"No, you don't understand. I've been like this for twelve hours now, I think."

"Wait, priapism?"

"I don't know what that means. Is it having a hard-on that won't go away?"

"Umm, yes. Hold on." The girl had turned red now, and stood up and went around the corner. After a moment, another head peeked around the corner. This one was blonde, with a pair of black-framed glasses that contrasted her platinum hair nicely. After looking Dylan up and down, the blonde disappeared around the corner as well.
