 "Oh, baby... is this too much for you?" she asks, glancing down on me on the bed between her thighs, one hand stoking the back of my head, the other stroking the dildo strapped on her mound. 

I don't know what to say, so I nod my head "no" reluctantly. I'm kind of anxious, but incredibly turned on at the same time, so I can't possibly want to stop this from happening. 

She can feel my hesitation, it turns her on, I know her. She blows me a menacing kiss and brings her hands on my head, preparing to force her strapon in my mouth once more. 

"Open it up," she whispers. I feel her pull my head towards her mound and the tip of her cock prods my throat. 

"To be fair, I bet it is a bit much," she says, her tummy getting closer and closer to my face. Her belly button ring is all I can see, before the tears in my eyes make everything around me a blur.

"But doesn't really matter anyway, right?" she teases, forcing my head roughly down on her and thrusting her hips up.

My throat won't budge, so she grabs my hair and lifts my head up momentarily before slamming it down again. And again. She does that until I start drooling on her cock, spit flowing down her strapon and between her legs. 

"Do you know why it doesn't matter?" she asks, still force-feeding her cock to me, as I struggle to breathe. 

"Answer me." The assault stop momentarily to give me time to answer. I feel her take the cock out and rest it on her tummy.

I take advantage of the break to catch a few big gulps of air and wipe my tears and nose. I lie breathless between her legs, her glistening cock standing inches away from my face. I can't help but look at it, knowing it will probably be balls-deep down my throat soon. Maybe too soon judging by her eagerness. 

I'm taking too long to answer, so she picks it up and playfully slaps my face and forehead a few times with it, giggling. 

"I don't know," I say, feeling my cheeks blush from the cock-slapping.

"It's because..." she starts, grabbing her cock and guiding it in my mouth again, her other hand behind my neck putting my head in position. I brace myself on her to withstand the incoming facefucking. 

"...you asked for this," I feel her cock going father and farther down my throat with every thrust. 

"Remember?" With a final push, her cock finally fills my throat up for the first time, as I start thinking where it all went wrong. 

Or right. We'll see.

We have been together our whole lives. We met at school when we were 11. We started dating when we were 14. First had sex at 17 and we're 24 now.

Early on we found out I was much more dominant in bed and she very submissive. I would fuck her silly whenever I could, slap her, call her stuff during sex and she loved every single second of it. Of course once in a while we kicked it back and just had sex, but those times were few and far between. After a while she became particularly enamored with BJs, the rougher the better. It got to the point where we eagerly anticipated "that time of the month", since we knew my cock was in for a treat and her throat for a workout. It usually ended with her a drooling, sniveling mess, a fat load on her lips and her face red from all the slapping. I was, and still am, a very happy man.

We did everything but anal. We tried a few times, but she was in too much pain to take pleasure from it. We only successfully did it a couple of times, after lots of foreplay and generous doses of alcohol.

And that how this story begins, just like any story worth a damn: with alcohol.

3 years ago, she had just passed her driver's licence test, which was a big deal, because she sucks at driving and had gotten cut 3 times before. I took her out to celebrate and we ended up drinking a bit more than we should. Back home and after showering together we ended up in bed. Things were going pretty normal by then, we were making love, we had a nice buzz, but there was one little problem. When I'm drunk, I can't cum from sex. 

So after about 20 minutes of fucking without reaching anything resembling an orgasm, I was beginning to get frustrated. I was fucking her in the prone-bone position, my arms around her, one holding her face, the other lightly pinching her nipple. My impatience surfaced and I grabbed a fistful of hair, a sudden change from our previous more tender embrace.

I felt her immediately respond by grinding her pussy on me and taking a deep breath. She knew what was about to follow. Long story short, I gave her the hammer that night. I must have been drilling her pussy for 50 minutes before she tapped out.

"Honey, we have to stop, I'm beginning to get really sore down there," she purred, curling up next to me, when we took a break to catch out breaths. 

"Stop? I haven't cum on your pretty little face yet, have I?" I asked reaching down to her pussy.

"No, you haven't," she said faintly, with half her mind on my finger gently stroking her still moist hole.

"And whose fault is that, huh?" I asked, lightly sneaking my other hand behind her neck.

"Yours, you know you can't cum when you drink," she exclaimed, playfully resisting my attempts to guide her head on my cock.

"You're correct, love," I laughed with her. " You know I'm still going to fuck your face till I cum though, right?" 

"Only if want to," she giggled.

"You teasing little slut," I said with a smile. "It's either that, or wave your pretty little hole goodbye, cause I'm going to ruin it tonight,". She had 5 inches in her mouth before I could finish the rest of my threat. 

"You've missed some," I pointed out as I grabbed her hair. "Here, let me help you."

And help her I did. I fucked her face for over 15 minutes and she took it like a champ. Still, I could not cum. Desperate times, desperate measures I thought, with her chocking on my dick grabbing her pretty little feet at the ankles. 

"Stay right there." I pulled my dick out and rested it on her forehead, allowing her a few big gulps of air. I slowly stroked it in front of her and could see she was still hungry for more.

"Fuck it," I said as I buried myself in her throat one last time. "I'll fuck your ass, and for your sake, just hope one of your useless holes can make me cum tonight."

I spit on her face to make my point clear and she pushed herself deeper onto my cock. It was at that moment I knew she would definitely not object to anything that night.

"Ass up, whore," She hurried to assume the position and I mounted her, guiding my dick in her hole. It wouldn't budge despite all the natural throat lube. I grabbed her by the hair and stood her up, facing me. I gave her a light kiss on the lips before picking her up and throwing her on the bed. I knew what had to be done. 

We had never done it before, but as I positioned her face down on the bed, with her ass displayed perfectly and her freshly fucked pussy glistening with juices, I wondered why. I immediately dove for her asshole, something which must have taken her by surprise. I began licking it, prodding it with my tongue, teasing it with my fingers. I fell in love with it instantly. I don't think 3 days have passed in a row I haven't done that to her since.

After a while she started participating too. She reached back with her hand and pushed my head deeper in her ass, while grinding on my tongue. I could hear her whispering something, but I couldn't understand what.

I was eating her ass at an awkward angle, so I laid on the bed and had her sit on my face. I had her plant her feet beside my head and as I was guiding her ass towards my mouth, I could see her pussy was getting dripping wet. I couldn't hold back so I grabbed a quick taste of her pretty little hole, but she immediately pushed my head back and pinned it down. 

"No, just eat my asshole," she said feverishly, before dropping it on my waiting tongue. 

I was in heaven. I could see her above me, her pussy right before my eyes, her perfect feet next to me, her sexy belly button ring, her tits, her face in ecstasy. 

"Stick your tongue in, as far as it will go," she commanded. 

I didn't have to be told twice. She begun rubbing her clit with her hand just above my face, reaching orgasm after orgasm.

I began jacking off, feeling myself getting close to an orgasm at last. It was way too hot and we had been fucking for far too long. I wanted to cum in her ass however, so I tried to get her off of me in order to fuck her, but I couldn't. She wouldn't let go of my face, her pussy and asshole grinding on my mouth, her legs and feet by me, holding me in place. She kept grinding on me and rubbing her pussy, so I had no option other than biding my time and keep licking her. 

My chance came with her next orgasm. Just as it was winding down she relaxed, and I managed to grab her waist and pick her up off of me. 

"You little slut, you enjoyed that, didn't you?" I told menacingly, but turned on beyond belief.

I grabbed her arms and pulled her closet to me, kissing her. She kissed me back. I turned her face down on the bed and stuck my cock in her pussy for a minute, driving it in her, just to feel its wetness. I pulled out and once again leveled my face with her asshole. I kissed it once, and lubed it with my spit, but it was time for her to get fucked. 

After carefully sticking a finger in her asshole, I rose to her face and whispered in her ear, "I will open you up, baby, you know it, right?"

"Please," was the only response. 

Another finger followed and then a third, while I was still next to her face describing exactly what I was doing to her hole. 

"Do you want a fourth?" ..silence.. I spit on her face, and grabbed her face forcing her to look at me. "Do you want a fourth finger in you ass, little slut?" 

She nodded yes as tears and spit were streaming down her face. 

"You're ready for my cock then, whore. Best hope this was enough practice, cause I won't be gentle."

I removed my fingers and played with her ass for a few seconds before bringing my face back down to her ass area. I spit on her hole and teased it a bit more, opening it up somewhat. I could see she was relaxed enough by now. I resisted the urge to stuff in as many fingers as possible, just to see how much she can take, because I desperately wanted to fuck her. I stood up, my cock at attention.

"Deep breath, slut," I warned her. 

My cockhead went in without much resistance. I pushed as far as I thought safe while checking her reactions. No pain. Jackpot. I started pushing deeper and her ass gradually started to accommodate me. She started being in pain after about 4 or 5 inches, but by then she was also shaking from repeated orgasms from me rubbing her clit. 

"Are you cumming with you ass being split open, love?" I teased her. "God, you're such a whore."

She couldn't talk, another orgasm was coming up. A big one.

I pulled out and flipped her on her back. She tried to complain, but stopped when I pushed my dick back in. Within seconds I was deeper than before. I was fucking her hole like a madman while she was playing with her pussy. I could see she was close once again that night. Luckily so was I. I fell on her and kissed her as she was coming. A few moment later my balls were empty too.

With my cock still in her ass, we hugged each other and started kissing. "Did I hurt you?"

"Sometimes, but I liked it. Everything." 

"That's my girl," I smiled with pride. She blushed. "Why are you blushing? We've done worse things than that." 

"It's not that..." I could see she was ashamed of something. 

"Did I make you uncomfortable with all the butt stuff?" 

"No, forget it, let's go shower."

I picked her up and took her to the bathroom. I lowered her in the tub and climbed in too, but not before playfully sneaking a little kiss on her ass. She blushed again, even more this time. "Honey, what is it?" I demanded.

She looked at me, red as a tomato. "I don't know, it's nothing."

"No it's not, honey, you know you can tell me. I would hate to think I did something to you that you didn't like."

"It's exactly the opposite, I liked something too much."

" So? lot's of girls like anal, it's nothing to be ashamed of." I laughed relieved.

"It's not that.."

"Then what?"

She lowered her eyes, blushing even more than I've ever seen her blush before. "I really liked it when I sat on your face and made you eat my asshole." 

I felt my cock springing up.