 Salem and I had been lovers for a while now. Our relationship was a complicated one filled with tenderness and compassion, life was good. 

Salem's friend, Ash, was a gorgeous brown haired beauty from Germany with a dancer's figure and sparkling eyes. She didn't speak much English but when she did speak everyone listened to her. She moved from her home in Germany to live with us in our apartment, a cozy one with a nice view of the city. Of course I had always been a little bit curious about my sexual orientation I knew I wasn't bisexual...not fully....and I knew I wasn't a dyke or something...I guess I was just your typical horny 22 year-old.

That morning a very sleepy Ash and I had a "girls only" chat about my feelings and we found that she was feeling similar feelings. What a coincident! Who am I to complain with some luck like that? Ash was bisexual and she and Salem had been giving each other the "eye", I wasn't too shaken by this, after all I knew my place in his heart. We decided that night to give it a try.

That night I dug out my old reliable vibrator and my lube and Salem lighted some candles while Ash produced her own vibrator. My eyes were wide with desire, it had been a few weeks since I last had sex and I knew Salem was feeling the same urgency. Some awkward glances around at the other people and, to break the ice, Salem began to strip slowly. This made my body hum with excitement and so Ash and I began to strip too. The next thing I knew Salem had walked up to me and began to kiss and nibble at my neck while rubbing my clit. Ash watched for a while before coming up to me and kissed me deeply. Her hand gently led my hand to rest upon her perfect breasts and I squeezed them gently. I could feel Salem's cock nudge my ass and so I rubbed slowly against him. Next came the lube, Ash and I both took turns lubing up Salem's cock with slow careful gestures. I loved rubbing my hand up and down his length and pausing to fondle his heavy balls. Ash took the liberty to give his cock a few wet savory kisses that made both Salem and I ache with need. 

Running my hands over her body, I found the small shaven area and began to stroke her lightly. She responded by taking my vibrator and switching it on and slowly teasing my slit with its vibrating head. We both moaned and Salem watched this before coming up behind me and began to lube up my anus with his deft fingers. I love having my anus stroked and teased just as much as having him inside me. Ash continued to work the toy around my throbbing slit and poke its head inside me which made me gasp. She worked the head inside me twisting it while Salem stroked my anus and helped me to relax. A few moments of this divine teasing and I began to relax and open myself up to the teasing gestures of my roomies. I moaned in protest as his caressing fingers left me but I was soon pleased to feel his hands spreading my ass wide and his cock nudging my tiny hole. "Ahhh...Salem...Mhh..." I whispered as Ash's thrusting became more insistent. Turning my head a bit I began to kiss Salem deeply and rock my hips against the toy and the cock as it was slowly entering me. The amount of control and patience he has with this is amazing. 

Slowly he was inside of me and slowly Ash withdrew the toy and replaced it with her mouth. I had never been eaten out before by a girl before! This was quite a new experience that tiny mouth seemed to know exactly which way to go how much pressure was needed where. It was amazing. I was being fucked in the ass as well as being eaten out! Salem's thrust became more insistent and my whole body was shaking with need. Soon he was moaning and spanking me with each thrust which I love! With a roar of pure animalistic lust he came inside me and showered my ass with his hot sticky come. As he came I began to shake and moan with desire as I came and Ash's mouth ate up every bit of my come. After coming Ash licked out my anus with her quick tongue and mouth and this felt wondrous after the thrusting I had endured.

I lay in their arms feeling contented and safe. Salem mentioned that Ash hadn't come so I slipped down to give her the best licking and sucking I could muster. I hadn't done this before either but it seemed to be something that came naturally to me. Amazingly Salem still wanted to go at it too and Ash turned to spoon with him. I turned to continue to lick. He mounted her and soon they both were moaning and groaning with lust. I ate up every bit of her sweetness while she thrashed and took Salem's cock more gracefully than I did. When he came he dumped even more hot sticky cum in her ass and I moved over to help her clean up. Licking her anus was a strange experience but because of her sighs I could tell that she liked it. 

We slept that night exhausted and satisfied with the events that took place. I was in the middle again and we all had our arms around each other.