 My girlfriend and I have always had a great sex life. We've fulfilled a lot of fantasies together-exhibitionism, bondage, videotaping ourselves screwing, and a lot of other delightful things. But I'll save those tales for another time. Last weekend we had a mind-blowing experience in our bedroom.

Heather has a petite, perfectly proportioned body. She has long black hair, emerald green eyes, and a nice firm set of tits. She also has a complete tan all over her body, which looks incredible when her she is wet from the shower. Maybe I'm biased, but I think she has a better body than many of the women featured in men’s magazines. I just love the shape of her ass. Not fat, but nice and fleshy. She looks dynamite in a pair of tight jean shorts and a halter-top.

It was a Saturday morning, and we woke up next to each other. She was wearing red panties that were very lacy and feminine, the outside of which were velvety to the touch. They were very skimpy; not quite a thong, but exposing more thigh and hips than the average bikini bottom. She also was wearing a soft black robe that was half- open, so I could see most of her breasts. I put my hand on one of her breasts, and started to rub it in a circular motion. She let out a soft sigh, and we kissed for awhile.

I was just starting to touch her nipple when she suddenly sat up, and told me she had big plans for us today. I asked her what, and she said to be patient as she got out of our king-size bed and walked over to the door of the bedroom. First, she locked the door. I asked her why she was locking the bedroom door, as we have no children or anyone else staying in our house. She said she wanted to shut out the outside world all day, and just stay in the bedroom. Locking the door was for psychological effect.

Her next step was to unplug the telephone. Then she closed the shades, and sealed the small area that was letting in light. Now no outside light could get into our bedroom. She lit a couple of tall white candles, and a couple of small cinnamon scented tea lights. She turned off all the lights, and unplugged everything electric in the room. She came back to the bed, and told me what her plan was.

"Today is going to be so wonderful, John." Heather told me. "I want us to completely satisfy each other. Instead of the cliched 'making love all night,' I want to do something unusual and exciting. Let's fuck all day!" I was so surprised, I had nothing to say. I was very turned on, because we were both too tired to make love the night before. "But I want to do more than just straight sex. Today, I want you to fill me up in all three possible ways. I want to experience your cock like never before."

She opened up her robe completely, and sat on my lap facing me, pressing her breasts against my chest. I could feel her nipples harden with excitement. She wrapped her arms around my back and gave me a soft gentle kiss on my earlobe. 

"First, I want you to lay on top of me and Fuck my brains out." She whispered in my ear, while her long black hair touched my face.

"Sure, we'll start out slow and sensual, my lover, but then I want you to give it to me hard. I’m going to spread my legs wide for you, and put them in the air, and then I want you to pump your cock hard into my wide open juicy pussy!” 

Now she was running her fingers through my hair. She started kissing my other ear and whispering 

"After that we'll relax for a while, and then I want to get down on me knees and give you the blowjob of your life. I want to suck your Fucking cock, and bob my head up and down while you hold my shoulders. I want to look you in the eye as I suck you off, and swallow your cock as deep down my throat as I can. Then when you can't take it anymore, I want you to shoot a load of hot, white, creamy come into my mouth, and I want to swallow every drop of it. I'll lick your cock clean while you come down from your orgasm." 

Then she turned around so that her ass was facing me, and started rubbing it herself. 

"Finally, I want you to take my ass. That's right, I want you to Fuck me up the ass, and fill it up with your erection. I want you to stretch it to the limit, and take me to plateaus of pleasure. Think you can do all that in one day, lover?" 

I wasn't sure, but I sure as Hell was going to try! 

She started to kiss me passionately on the lips. I put my hands on her soft, round tits. She sighed with pleasure as my fingertips gently circled her very hard pink nipples. It felt so relaxing when she started to run her fingers through my hair. Before I knew it, her hot red lips were kissing my neck, and then my collarbone. Her mouth felt so hot as it worked its way down my body, leaving a trail of wet kisses. I felt her tongue circle my nipple, and my cock grew instantly. I loved it when Heather kissed and licked my nipples. We stood up and walked over to the bed. We held each other as we fell into the soft king-size bed, and I ended up on top of her warm soft body.

I took her robe off very slowly, letting her feel the soft material of the robe as I slid it down her whole body and took it off her. Then we lay side by side, and she helped me out of my sweatpants while we kissed deeply. Her tongue urgently explored mine, and she had a look of pure animal delight in her eyes as she stared into mine. Our flesh pressed up against each other. Her soft tits felt incredible against my hard chest. Our arms wrapped around each other, and we held each other tight. We were both very excited and turned on. My cock was so stiff and erect against her thighs, and I knew I would be inside her slippery hot pussy very soon. 

We kissed each other anxiously, and caressed each other's hot skin. I felt a little bit of sweat form on our chests, and that added to the sense of heat and excitement between our bodies. My hand roamed up and down her back and then down to her ass. I felt her curvy ass through the silk red panties she still had on. She moaned with delight when I slid them off her, down her legs. My hands traveled up her legs and started to rub her thighs. She then proceeded to remove the last bit of clothing I had on, a pair of navy blue briefs.

It felt so good to hold each other while we were naked at last. I lay on top of her body, and positioned my cock on the outside of her pussy. "Oh, John, that feels so good on my pussy! Yeah, just like that, when you rub your cock on it! Ooh right there, that rubs my clit!" She was talking loud and dirty, and it was really turning me on! Her breathing got hot and heavy, and she kissed my lips passionately.

"I can't wait to Fuck you!" She said. 

I felt my cock getting lubricated with the hot slippery juices that where forming on the lips of her pussy. I touched her pussy with the palm of my hand, and then started to rub her clit a little while she yelled out. "OHHHH. UNNHHH. OHGOD that feels good!!" she panted. She was really getting into it, and breathing hard with pleasure. "Are you ready to be filled up?" I asked. She grabbed my ass and pulled my body even closer. Without talking, she held my cock and guided it inside of her. The head of my big stiff cock felt so very good as at slid into her wet tunnel. I just love that one short moment when the head of my cock firsts pops into my lover’s pussy. Years of exercising has kept her pussy tight, and once I was all the way in, she squeezed her pussy around me. She kissed me deeply for a minute, then looked deep into my eyes with those smoldering hot brown eyes of hers, and said, "Give it to me, John. Fill me up deep and hard, and Fuck me. Fuck my brains out!" 

I started to rock in and out, and she gasped and moaned and thrust her hips against mine. I wrapped my arms under her body and around her ass, and penetrated her deeply. She groaned and said "Yeah, that’s it. Give me that big stiff dick! Fuck my hot cunt, lover! I can't get enough of you! I'm your love whore, I can't get enough of that cock! Oh my god, yes, Fuck my brains out! UNNNHHHH! Do me, yeah DO me HARD LOVER! OHHH! Feels...so...GOOD! So....UNNNNH!....so....OHHH. GOD!....feels....fucking.....great! Oh YES!" It turned me on so much to hear her talk so dirty. When making love, Heather gets very wild and uninhibited, and sometimes talks really dirty. I pumped in and out of her so quickly and hard, and looked down to see my cock go in and out. She buried her face in my chest, and licked and kissed it. I reached up and cupped her wiggling breasts in my hands. She screamed and moaned harder when I touched her nipples. She started to really sweat and gyrated her hips under mine. "Give it too me, lover! Pump your cock inside my pussy. Those hot balls of yours are so full of hot white come! I want it to fill up my pussy! Do it! Do me hard! FUCK ME HARD! UNNHHH" She screamed and moaned.

I was so turned on I couldn't take it much longer. Her words and her body were about to push me over the edge, and she knew it! That was what she wanted. I thrust my cock furiously in and out, and right before I felt the first hint of orgasm approaching, she gently rubbed both my nipples and kissed my lips hard and passionately. I felt the tremors of an intense orgasm start, and screamed out with pleasure when the hot streams of come started to erupt out of my cock like a volcano. I shot a load of come deep inside her tunnel, and felt wave after wave of orgasmic bliss wash over me. She screamed as I came, and started to quickly rub her cute pink clit. As the contractions of my cock began to slow down, I felt her pussy muscles start to involuntarily contract and expand around my still throbbing erection. She started to scream really loud as she came. "OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OHHHH! UNNNNNNHHH! OHHHHH! FUCK! YES! OH MY ....UNHHHHHHH! FUCK! OHHH....." She kept going on and on, literally screaming with pleasure as her pussy came. Her juices and my come mixed together inside her, and I stayed inside her for a few minutes, reveling in the moment.

We both collapsed with our arms around each other, and gently caressed each other’s bodies as we came down from our orgasms. We just lay and rested for a couple of hours, and then had a nice breakfast. I made fresh juice and hot coffee and she cooked us some pancakes and eggs. We ate breakfast in bed together, just half dressed. We talked and relaxed for awhile, and decided that it would be nice if we took a shower together.

We turned on the hot water, and soon the whole room was steamy. We got in, and washed each other’s bodies. My favorite part was sliding my soapy hands all over her tits, and it felt really good when she soaped up my chest. When we got out of the shower, she pressed her soft clean body up against mine, and I instantly got erect again. Her breasts pressed up against me, and she took my hand and led me to my favorite easy chair. It is very comfortable and cushiony. She sat me down in the chair, and started stroking my thighs. She put on some really weird music; it sounded like the soundtrack to a porn movie! I didn’t ask what the music was, and I didn’t really care, as I was paying more attention to the feeling of her hands inching up my thighs towards my stiff prick. 

She moved her body to the music, teasing me by running her fingers in little circles around her nipples. She swayed her hips round and round, thrusting her pussy back and forth just a foot from me. She buried my face in her breasts, and then kissed my lips deeply. Her tongue explored mine, and then she whispered into my ear: “Are you ready for the Blowjob of your life?” 

I didn’t really have a rational response to that question. What does one say to a question like that? So I just hugged her tightly and kissed her breasts greedily. I think she understood the meaning of my non-verbal response.

She kissed her way down my chest very slowly, and I was in torture with anticipation. I couldn’t WAIT to feel her red lips slide onto my cock, and start sucking away! She kept teasing me, kissing lower and lower, then kissing up a bit higher. But she was going in the right direction. Slowly but surely. To add to the anticipation, she made sexy slurping and kissing sounds with her lips. I told her I couldn’t wait anymore, but she held my hands to the arms of the chair, and said “good things come to those who are patient. VERY good things, like hot Blowjobs! I’m going to suck your dick dry, honey, and deep throat you! That’s right, my love, I’m going to suck that cock, get my mouth all wet, and keep on sucking and licking until you shoot another load of come down my throat! You’re going to get your cock Sucked like its never been Sucked before, by your hot Cock-sucking SLUT girlfriend! I can’t wait till you shoot your come down my throat, and I SWALLOW it like a good cocksucker!”

She was talking even dirtier than before, and getting me extra turned on in the process! Evidently she was turning herself on to, because she started to touch her pussy. She played with my heavy balls, and then I closed my eyes and moaned when I felt her warm mouth cover the head of my cock. She was stroking the shaft, and focusing her tongue on the really sensitive underside of the head of my cock. She made exaggerated slurping and sucking noises, and got my cock super wet and sloppy, mixing pre-cum with her saliva. She squeezed my thighs, and played with my balls a little while bobbing her head up and down on my cock. I held onto her breasts and sat back and enjoyed myself.

Most of the time I just closed my eyes and enjoyed, but once I opened them for a minute. She stared into my eyes, and gave me this look that was so hot and intense that words can’t describe it. It was a look of pure lust, and she stared into my eyes while sucking and licking with all her energy, all the while making wild noises. She never averted her gaze as she slowly swallowed more of me than she ever had before.

I couldn’t believe what was happened next; she inch by inch swallowed my whole entire cock! It has always been a fantasy of mine, (And probably 99.9% of men out there) to have a woman actually suck my whole entire organ, but this was the type of thing that only happens in porn movies, I thought! She had never taken that much of me into her mouth, and she later confessed that she bought an adult sex technique video that taught her how to exercise her throat muscles and relax them enough to take all of me without gagging. She told me she was very pleased to see that the technique really worked!

I was in a different world after she swallowed my whole cock. I just closed my eyes again and enjoyed the incredible sensations I was feeling. I felt an orgasm approach. She slowed down, and then went faster...then slower...then faster, teasing me some more. I felt an orgasm approaching me, and new it was going to be a big one. I was worried that the come would be too much for her, but then again, she seemed to be sucking my whole 8 inches without too much trouble, so I figured she knew what she was doing. 

She sensed that my orgasm was approaching, and she started to suck harder and faster, making slutty noises as she sucked me off. I felt the point of no return approaching, and she cupped my balls in her hands tightly, not enough to hurt, but just enough pressure so I could feel her hands massage my balls. She was trying to milk all my come out so there was MORE to swallow! It felt so good. I was moving my hips, and she sucked and sucked and sucked. I felt the orgasm approach even closer, and then it hit me like a freight train! I shot with an incredible feeling of release, and I was shocked by the intensity of the orgasm. It just kept going and going, and I could feel her mouth sucking away and swallowing me while she massaged the come out of my balls and down her throat. After shooting most of my load, she took my cock out of her mouth, and aimed it at her chest. A few last spurts shot out at hers tits, and she rubbed the last of my come into her flesh like it was massage oil.

By now it was time for lunch, and we took another break for a few hours. We had a nice lunch of sandwiches and some wine. It was an indoor picnic, she told me. All throughout the afternoon we talked and played games. I almost forgot about the third part of her plan, and my cock was so spent I didn’t think it could come again that day. But Heather had ways to turn me on again. She kept wiggling her sexy butt at me. We were semi dressed; I had on a robe and boxer shorts, and she had on white shorts and a black tank top. 

She sat on my lap, and said “Doesn’t that ass of mine feel good on your lap, lover?” She moved her butt around my hips, and then stood in front of me, facing away from me. Her shorts were so tight, and showed off her round ass-cheeks perfectly! I just grabbed her ass and squeezed it. “My god, you know how to get me turned on again, Heather!” I said. She bent over the table to further show off her curvy ass. “Maybe we should go to the bedroom.” I said.

“No, John, I want you to do me right here on the table. I want to bend my body over the coffee table like a little slut who can’t wait to get to the bedroom.” She peeled her tank top over her head, not even turning to face me, just exposing her bare back as she bent down over the coffee table. I told her I was worried about doing it up her ass without lubrication, and she turned her head and smiled as she lifted up a bottle of lube she had sneakily hidden under the table! 

“I planned everything already, lover. Just tear off my shorts, and Fuck me up the ASS, Lover! Take my ass, now. Fuck your little slut up the butt!” She laughed. “You like it when I talk like a whore? I just have to have your cock one more time. First I fucked your brains out. I spread my cunt open wide like the slut I am, and you fucked me deep and hard. God, you made my hot pussy feel good! I just can’t get enough of your hot fucking. Then I smoked your pole, just sucked your fucking cock dry, greedily swallowing your come like I was starved and it was food. Did you like having your cock-sucking slut bitch give you a hot blowjob? Did it feel good to have me deep throat you’re prick like I was a porn star slut? Next time we have a day like this I want to film it, so I can watch myself behaving like a lusty whore. But enough talk, my stud. FUCK me up the ASS NOW! Please!!!! I need cock to fill up my bottom, fucking me deep deep down in there. Rip off my shorts and FUCK me up the ASS!”

I didn’t know what to say to that, but my cock knew what to do. I quickly discarded my robe and pulled my boxers off. I then noticed that Heather was wearing a pair of shorts I had never seen her in. They were white, and very tight. I tried pulling them down over her legs, but I physically could not for some reason. She laughed and told me this was yet another part of her plan. 

“While you were resting, I put on these old shorts and tied a string around the waist in knots. I deliberately tied the knots so tight that the only way to remove the shorts is to rip them. The shorts are very thin, and should tear. If you really want my ass, you’ll have to work for it. Now rip my shorts off now and do my ass deep! Tear my fucking clothes off and fuck me HARD!”

She wiggled her ass even more seductively on my crotch. My cock was rock hard, and it was dripping pre-cum onto her tight shorts. I started to rip her shorts. It took a lot of effort, and I was sweating with exertion. I heard it tear, and she said “Rip my clothes off and expose my hot ass! Is your cock ready to plunge into my tight little asshole? Are you ready to spread my cheeks apart, and stick your dick into my butt-hole? Bend me over the table and ASS-FUCK me like a whore!”

Finally I managed to rip the pair of shorts to shreds, and I grabbed her and bent her over the table. I lubed my hands up, and rubbed her Ass. First I kneaded the cheeks for a while, and she started to finger herself while I caressed her ass. I squirted some lubricant onto her asshole, and started to rub it all over. She let out a deep moan of pleasure when I put a finger inside the hole. She started to push her ass down on my finger, encouraging me to explore deeper. I fingered her ass for awhile, and then I rubbed the head of my cock right on the rim of her asshole. “OhGOD Put it in me RIGHT FUCKING NOW!” She yelled when she felt the head of my cock touching her hole.
