 One of my all-time favorites which has only been made better by the editing of 'larryinseattle' 

***** 

Jordan was an asshole. Well actually, Jordan was a self-centered, egotistical, son-of-a-bitch and everyone knew it including him. He and I had known each other since the fourth grade and even then he was a pain-in-the-ass. The only child of two doctors, he was spoiled through-and-through. It was only his father's intervention that kept him under control at all. 

Unfortunately, that ended when his dad was killed by a drunk driver. From that point onwards, Jordan got anything he wanted and I really didn't care until he took my girlfriend from me. Now I can't blame Jordan entirely, Trish was no rocket scientist but she and I had been going together for a couple of months and it looked like we were finally going to "do it" when Jordan stepped in and literally swept her off her feet and carried her away. Like I said, Trish was no rocket scientist and the idea of all that money and a fancy car was more than I could offer her so off she went. The only problem I had with it was that I was left with a huge case of "blue balls." 

The two of them quickly became an "item" and word got around that he was now getting what I never got on a routine basis, yet even that I could deal with. The final straw came just before the end of our senior year. As was the usual routine, five of my friends and I had planned a card game for Saturday night. We met at a different house each month depending on whose parents were gone or didn't care since we were all over 18. This particular Saturday was different though because one of the guys called and cancelled at the last minute but said he had found a replacement for the game. 

Needless to say we were all surprised when the "replacement" turned out to be Jordan. He said he had heard about our "guy's night" and figured it would be a good time to get away from Trish. Without another word, the beers were pulled from the frig, the chips were put on the side table and the cards were dealt. 

Fortune smiled on me that night and by 11:30 it was only Jordan and I left at the table. I was up almost $250 from the other players and another $500 from Jordan. Jordan's problem was that he wasn't a very good card player to begin with and all the beer he had been drinking throughout the evening made him even worse. We had decided earlier to quit at midnight so the last hand was dealt. Lady Luck stayed with me as I looked at my hand and found a pair of 8's and a pair of Aces, the "Dead man's hand". A shiver ran though me but I was never really all that superstitious so I kept held onto them. 

Jordan opened for $100 and continued to increase the stakes each time. After I called him the last time he looked at me and said, "All or nothing." 

I quickly looked down at the money in front of me, "OK, but you don't have the money to cover what I have here so what are you betting?" 

Looking back at his hand, Jordan pulled the keys for his Corvette from his pocket and laid them on the table. "Will that cover it?" 

Surprise doesn't come close to what I felt at that moment; a $60,000.00 'Vette versus the money I had on the table? Anyone that was willing to place that kind of a bet either had one of a hell of a good hand or was trying to pull off a huge bluff. Sitting there, I looked back at my hand. I now had a full-house "Aces and 8's" after drawing another 8, but could it beat whatever Jordan had that he was willing to bet a 'Vette on? Seconds seemed to stretch into hours, until I realized two things: first, Jordan hated to lose and was willing to do anything so he wouldn't and second, I had nothing to lose by taking the bet. I had come for a night of fun with only the money I could afford to lose and if I lost, so be it, but if I won this would be a night that we'd all remember for a lifetime ... little did I know how true that would be. 

"Call," I said as I laid my cards down. 

Jordan's face went white as he saw my cards. "That can't be!! I had you beat!!" he said as he threw his cards down revealing a pair of Kings and a pair of Jacks. "You cheated!! There's no way I'm giving you my fucking car!! I had you beat!!" he screamed as he jumped up and headed for the door. 

"Whatever! I know I beat you and so will everyone else at school by Monday," I yelled as he left. 

The only response was the sound of tires squealing as he drove away. 

Word of what happened quickly spread and I started getting calls about it by 8:00 the next morning. "Ya, that's how it happened. No, I didn't cheat. Ya, he backed out of the bet and took off with the car." And so the day went until 5:00 PM when I got the call that changed everything. "Hello?" 

"Hello, is this Kevin?" 

"May I ask who's calling?" 

"This is Jordan's mother. May I talk to Kevin?" 

"Speaking." 

"I understand that you and Jordan had a bit of an altercation at a card game last evening." 

"I guess you could call it that. He bet. I called. He lost and then reneged on the bet by running away." 

"Yes, that's what I heard. Would you mind meeting me so we can discuss this situation?" 

"No problem. When and where?" 

"How about 8:00 this evening at the coffee shop by the freeway? Do you know which one I mean?" 

"Ya, I know where it is. I'll see you at 8," I said just before hearing the phone go 'click'. Afterwards, I sat there looking at the phone slowly becoming more and more upset as I realized that Jordan's 'mommy' was coming to his rescue again and was going to try and get me to excuse his behavior. That is, unless I did something about it. Slowly a plan began to form, one that I never would have even considered if it had been about anyone besides Jordan. 

I arrived at 7:45 and was still waiting at 8:15 when Jordan's mom walked in. I should have figured she'd be fashionably late. Ironically, the song "Brick House" was playing in the background because that is probably the best way to describe her; 5-foot 9-inches tall, about 140 pounds and the classic 36-24-36 measurements. I didn't find out until later that she was actually a 36C. Her hair was brunette and hung down to the middle of her back, and her legs were well toned and tanned as if she spent every spare minute either in the gym exercising or outside on the sun, or maybe both. 

I stood as she approached and slid into the seat across from me without a word. After I was seated, she immediately began. "I understand that Jordan and you were playing cards the other evening and you took advantage of his lack of tolerance for alcohol and got him to bet his car? I will tell you right now that I've already talked to an attorney about the situation and he has advised me that there is nothing you can do to make Jordan give you the car. He also said that due to his intoxicated state you and your friends could have several different legal charges brought against you." 

I immediately understood where Jordan got his arrogant attitude and knew without a doubt it was time to put my plan in motion. "Lady, I really don't give a shit what your lawyer said. Nobody made Jordan drink. He's over 18 just like all the rest of the people there. He drank because HE decided too, no one made him do it. As for the car, nobody made him do that either. He thought he had a better hand so he took a chance and he lost, plain and simple. Now he has two choices to resolve this ... either he takes responsibility for what he did and turns the car over to me or everybody in school will know by Monday what he did. Have you ever seen how mean kids can be to each other? It is not a pretty sight or ..." I stopped for a moment to let the tension build before finishing, "... you can pay the debt for him." 

She sat silently for a moment, realizing that she was not in control of the situation as she had thought she would be and that she had very little to bargain with, before replying. "And just how much would it cost me to pay off this debt?" 

"Monetarily, nothing: instead you have to grant me three wishes of my choice." 

I knew I had her as she sat there trying to figure out what she should do next. As I expected, she asked, "And just what are the three wishes?" 

"I'll tell you the first one now but you'll have to wait for the other two," I replied, smugly. 

I could tell she was irritated yet curious by the tone in her voice as she asked, "And just what is the first wish?" 

I knew that now was the "make-it-or-break-it" moment and that my whole plan depended on her answer. "Well, as you know Jordan stole my girlfriend from me a few months ago so I don't have a date for the senior prom. My first wish is that you and I go on a date tomorrow night, which is prom night. I doubt that either of us would feel comfortable at the prom, however, so we'll go somewhere else." 

Shock, surprise, flattery ... all seemed to cross her face before she replied. "Let's say I agree to this. What do Jordan and I get out of it?" 

"Firstly, I tell everyone that the whole thing was a joke that Jordan and I had planned and that I never wanted the car. That will get him off the hook. As for you, you get a chance to break that 'professional' mold you're in and possibly have some fun." 

Silence overwhelmed the table as we sat there and for a moment I thought that maybe I had gone too far before she said, "I'll have to think about this," as she stood to leave. 

"Ok, by me. Today is Saturday. You've got until noon tomorrow to make up your mind and let me know. After that there is nothing I can do to keep Jordan from catching all kinds of shit at school," I called as she headed for the door. 

At 11:00 the next morning my phone rang. 

"Ok, I'll do it," she said without any other introduction. "I only have one question though." 

"Ya, what's that?" 

"Do you know how to drive a stick-shift?" 

"Ya, why?" 

"We'll be using Jordan's car. That is his punishment for what he did and what he is indirectly responsible for making me do." 

"You have yourself a deal, lady. I'll see you at 7 o'clock," I replied as I hung up. 

When I arrived I was only mildly surprised to see Jordan's car waiting in the driveway, freshly washed and waxed with the convertible-top already down. The real surprise was when I went to the door to pick up my "date". I had barely touched the doorbell when it was opened by a middle-aged woman. "May I help you, young man?" 

As I tried to explain who I was she quickly replied, "Oh, I am so sorry, Sir. You're Mrs. Harris' companion for the evening. She will be down shortly. Please let me escort you to the living room where you can wait." 

"Mrs. Harris? Who the fuck was Mrs. Harris?" I thought before suddenly remembering that Jordan's last name was Harris and that I'd never found out what his mother's first name was. 

As I took a seat, I looked around and realized I was in way over my head. Here I was sitting in the home of one of the most influential women in town getting ready to take her on a date. Who the hell was I kidding? The idea of trying to slip out the door was racing through my head when she appeared at the doorway. Dressed in an ankle-length jean skirt, an off-the-shoulder blouse, and high-heel sandals, she looked 10 - 15 years younger than she was and anything but a doctor. 

"I hope you don't mind that I dressed a bit casual but I wasn't sure what you might have planned for this evening and this seemed the best 'all around' outfit I have." 

Stammering I replied, "Ya, that will be just fine. I figured we'd go out for something to eat and a couple of drinks if you'd like and just kind of see how things go from there." 

"Whatever you say. After all this is YOUR idea," she replied in a mildly sarcastic tone. 

Her tone was like a glass of cold water being thrown in my face. "Ya, you're right. It is MY idea and MY night. Let's go," I said as I walked out the door and headed to the car, leaving her standing where she had been. Even though I had been raised to behave like "a gentleman," I refused to show this woman any courteously until she learned to show some herself. 

Walking slowly to the car she stood by the door and looked at me as I sat behind the steering wheel. "Aren't you going to open the door for me?" 

"Why? Are your arms broken?" 

It was almost as if I'd slapped her face as a look of surprise and surrender came over it as she opened the door and sat next to me. "Now what?" 

"Like you said earlier, anything I want. This is MY night and you are MY date. So sit back, and try to relax for once in your life." 

If I had looked at her I'm sure I would have seen daggers being thrown in my direction, but instead I put the car in 1st gear and hit the gas leaving tread marks in her immaculate driveway. Quickly running through the gears, I headed for the Interstate as I watched the speedometer climb and the scenery fly past us. 

"Would you please slow down?" 

"Why, are you scared?" 

Silence ... then "Yes, a bit. I haven't gone quite this fast in a long time." 

"Then you don't know what you've been missing," I responded as I stepped on the gas peddle harder and pushing it to the floor. After several moments of staring straight ahead to make sure I didn't hit anything, I looked at the passenger seat and got the surprise of my life. It was if a transformation had taken place while I wasn't looking and a different person was in the car with me. Mrs. Harris, I still hadn't asked her first name yet, was reclining in the seat. Her eyes were closed and she had released her hair from the bands that had been holding it in place so that it flowed into the back seat as the wind blew through it. She had also pulled her dress up to reveal her well-shaped legs, while her hands were in her lap to keep it from climbing any higher, as the wind whipped through the car. What caught my attention at the moment, though, was that she apparently wasn't wearing a bra since her nipples were forming peaks in the material of her top. As if sensing that I was staring at her, Mrs. Harris turned and looked at me with a twinkle in her eyes and a small smile on her lips. "Don't you think you should be paying attention to the road?" 

It took every once of willpower I had to turn away from her and look back at the road. Yet even that didn't stop me from thinking about the change that had taken place and what I had seen. 

After another 20 minutes of driving, Mrs. Harris asked, "If you don't have any specific idea about what you'd like to do or where you'd like to go I have an idea." 

"Where is that?" I asked curious about what she might have in mind. 

"There is a small bar that serves pretty good food and even has a dance floor just ahead on the right, if you're interested." 

"Sure, why not." 

The bar came into view a short time later. Pulling into the parking lot, Mrs. Harris sat up, but instead of putting the bands back into her hair or pulling her dress down, she reached under the dress and began to release small buttons that were hidden by the pattern until the side fell open to mid-thigh. Then looking at me, with a mischievous glimmer in her eyes, she slid from the car. 

Sitting there I was amazed at the change that had come over this woman. When I picked her up she had been formal, haughty, and cold; yet here was a woman who was everything but those things. Here now was a woman who was exciting, adventurous and ... I suddenly thought to myself ... sexy. 

Standing at the side of the car, she asked in a soft tone, "So are you coming in or are you going to stay in the car?" 

Stammering I replied, "I'm coming." 

"Not yet you're not," she said jokingly as I noticed the glimmer in her eyes intensify. 

It wasn't until much later that I realized it was at that moment that I lost control of the events of the evening. Exiting the car, I quickly came around to join her and we began to walk towards the bar. "Don't you think we should lock the car first, Mrs. Harris," I asked. 

She stopped in her tracks and looked at me. A smile forming on her face that seemed to light up the whole lot. "No, I don't think we need to lock it up, but I just realized that we're about to go into the bar together and you don't even know my first name." Reaching out, she offered me her hand. "I'm Elaine, though my friends call me Ellie and some of the people in here," pointing to the bar, "call me Elle." 

Shocked I asked, "You mean you've been here before?" 

"Sure, I used to come here a lot. I even brought my husband here a couple of times before he ... It used to be one of our favorite hang-outs." Taking my hand she almost began pulling me along behind her as we entered the bar. 

The inside seemed like any other bar in the area except for the wall covered with news articles and pictures. Mrs. Harris, I mean Elaine, quickly headed for a corner booth where we sat down. I waitress soon appeared at the table to take our order. "Hello, I'm ... say ..., "looking at Elaine, "haven't I seen you somewhere before?" 

"I don't think so." 

Again the waitress looked at Elaine and then she looked at the wall of pictures and back at Elaine. "Aren't you ..." 

"Yes, but not tonight. Can we order now?" 

The young waitress quickly took our order and headed to the bar. 

"What was that all about?" I asked 

"Nothing." 

"Hey, a person doesn't act like she did over 'Nothing'. What's up?" 

"Well, you'll figure it out soon enough but I used to be a bit of a celebrity and so people occasionally recognize me from my old life." 

"Really? A celebrity?" 

"Let's just forget about that and have some fun, Okay?" 

"Okay with me." Our food was soon served and for the next hour we sat and talked as if we were old friends. Nothing was said about the events that had brought us together. Instead, we talked about what I planned to do after graduation, how she had dealt with her husband's death, and what she was going to do after Jordan left for college in the Fall. 

Suddenly she stood and took my hand, "Let's dance." 

A slow romantic song filled the bar and almost every couple in the place was on the dance floor when we got there. Gently, I wrapped my arms around her and began to sway to the music but we were bumped and I found myself pressed against her body. "I'm sorry." 

Pulling me closer she replied, "Don't be." 

Instantly, my body took over and my cock began to swell in my pants as I felt her pressing against me as we continued to dance. Instinctively, I reached down to her buttocks and pulled her closer to me. 

"Mmmmmm, either you stuffed something into your pants or someone is enjoying this," she whispered in my ear as she pressed harder against me. 

Embarrassed, I tried to pull away only to feel her pull me tighter. 

"Don't. I like it. It's been a long time since I've had a man respond to me like this. Care to tell me what you're thinking about?" 

"I'd probably get slapped across the face if I told you that." 

"Maybe not," she replied as the music ended and we stepped apart. "I need to use the 'Lady's Room'. Care to escort me?" 

Again I saw that glimmer in her eyes. "It would be my pleasure, Ma'am," I replied as I did my best 'Southern Gentleman' imitation, offering her my arm. 

Talking my arm, she led the way towards the back until she got next to the wall with all the articles and pictures and stopped. "You wait right here. I'll be back in a few moments," as said as she continued on. 

With nothing else to do, I began to look at the articles and pictures until I got about half-way through and there in the center was an 8x10 picture of a younger Mrs. Harris. The heading underneath read, "Local Woman Makes Her Mark in Hollywood's Adult Movie Industry." Quickly I began to read the article and was so engrossed by what it said that I didn't hear Elaine until she leaned against me and whispered, "See anything interesting there?" 
