 PRELUDE

We had just finished having a burger and a beer and we were in my car parked in a dimly lit part of the parking lot. My trousers and underwear were down around my knees and Cathleen's head was bobbing up and down as she sucked my cock. Usually when we had sex in my car it was limited to oral sex with Cathleen giving me one of her incredible blowjobs. However that night Cathleen had more on her mind. As she was sucking my cock as only Cathleen could, she pushed her slacks and panties down to her knees.

Cathleen then positioned herself so that I could reach her pussy as she continued to suck me. I ran my hand over her cunt and found her to be sopping wet. I dipped my fingers in her pussy and rubbed her clit. I also ran my hand over the buttocks of her super fine ass and let a pussy moistened finger slip into her anus. I continued to caress her ass and finger her anus a she sucked my cock. Then Cathleen lifted her head up and spoke.

"You like my ass, don't you?" she said more as a statement then a question.

"You know I do. You have a beautiful ass and I love playing with it and fucking it," I replied in confirmation.

Cathleen's ass was indeed super fine. It was perfectly shaped and there was not a blemish on it. Her ass was firm from the countless hours of aerobics and anal sex. It was her best asset as she had small breasts and more of an athletic figure then a feminine one. She was in great shape without an ounce of body fat on her. Everywhere I touched her she was firm and tight.

"I wish you could fuck me in the ass tonight," she said.

It was an unusual request because we usually reserved anal sex for our nights at the romantic interlude. "It's doable if you really want to," I replied and then asked, "Do you have any cream?"

"I have lotion in my purse," she answered as she reached for it.

I reclined the passenger seat to a near flat position. We both lay on our sides with Cathleen facing away from me. I took the lotion and applied it to her anus. I fingered her ass until I had both my middle and ring finger sliding easily in and out. Then I applied the lotion to my cock and added my saliva making it very slick. I moved close to her and pushed the head of my dick into her ass. Cathleen moved a little as if to line her ass up for the penetration and my cock slid into her warm chute.

It was the first time we ever fucked in the car and I felt like a teenager again. It was a cool fall night and within minutes the windows in my car were steamed up. No one would be able to see us even if they walked by the car. If anyone did happen by they would probably figure it out that a couple was making out or having sex. I moved slowly in her ass as I wanted it to last for awhile.

I loved being in her ass and feeling her firm round buttocks against my body. Cathleen guided one of my hands back to her pussy and I fingered her cunt as I fucked her ass. Cathleen was moaning softly as she approached her initial orgasm but she wouldn't be quiet for long. She was always very vocal when she orgasmed but in public she normally remembered to cover her mouth. Cathleen cried out as she came and her pussy juice flowed over my fingers. She humped my hand for what seemed like several minutes and I struggled to keep my cock in her ass. 

I was successful keeping my cock in her bottom and I continued to drive into her. All of a sudden my release sneaked up on me and I ejaculated into her rectum. Cathleen cooed when she felt my warm semen shoot into her passage and she contracted her sphincter around my cock. I stayed in her ass as she milked my cock with her sphincter muscle and then she had another orgasm. This time when she bucked and humped, my cock slipped out of her ass but I kept my fingers buried in her juicy twat.

We stayed still with our bodies pressed together and I felt the shape of her buttocks against me. Cathleen and I rested for a short time and then cleaned up the best we could. After straightening out our clothes I ran the car defroster to clear the windows. Once I could see out the windows I drove Cathleen over to her car. She got out and I waited for her to get in her car and start it. She then drove away and waved to me as she headed home. Cathleen and I both lived about 20 miles from the office but in opposite directions. I left the parking lot and drove home.

INTRODUCTION

Cathleen was my secretary although the official title those days was administrative assistant. She was a very loyal and capable employee in addition to being a great piece of ass. She was 5'5" tall and weighed a firm 125 pounds. She had strawberry blonde hair that she kept short and 33-25-36 figure. She was not a pretty girl although she was not sore to the eye either. Cathleen was 36 years old and a tigress in the bed. She was without question the best sex partner I ever had.

We were not married but we both had partners who lived with us. My girlfriend worked for a consulting firm and she traveled quite a bit. Cathleen's boyfriend was in sales and he too traveled. Since our partners were usually home on weekends, my affair with Cathleen took place during the weekdays. We liked going to a romantic interlude at least once a week but other times we had sex in the office or in my car. 

I was a SVP with a multinational company. I was 38 years old, 6'1" tall and I weighed in at 190 pounds. I stayed in good shape with an active lifestyle. I had a home gym that I used every day and I would jog at least five miles a day, outside weather permitting or inside on the treadmill. My girlfriend Susan and I were avid skiers and tennis players. I also loved to SCUBA dive but Susan was content to sit of the beach and bake in the sun.

Cathleen and I began out affair after I was in the SVP position for about a year. We had worked hard preparing for a board presentation and afterward we stopped for a drink at a local watering hole. We both had a little too much to drink and since both our partners were out of town we stayed in a hotel room near the office. I thought that we would get two rooms but Cathleen said she was cool staying in the same room. I never thought that we would have sex that night but we did and the next morning too. It was the best sex that I had ever had.

Cathleen was all over my cock and when she let me have her marvelous ass I was hooked. I had always liked anal sex but only with the right person and Cathleen was certainly that. My girlfriend Susan wasn't into anal at all and she also didn't like sucking cock that much either. Cathleen however did it all. She was a great fuck, gave great head and took it in her curvy ass. When Susan and I made love it was passionate with a lot of French kissing and foreplay before vaginal sex usually in the missionary position. Only when Susan wanted to give her clit a break we did it dog style. With Cathleen it was like sport fucking; we didn't kiss but we did about everything else.

The morning after our first night together, I rolled over and bumped into another naked body in the same bed. I slowly recalled the marathon of sex the night before and then I realized that I had a raging piss hard-on. A soft hand embraced my stiff member and held it gently and I remembered that Cathleen and I were in a hotel room together. 

"Good morning sleepy head. Did I wear you out last night?" she whispered in my ear as she fondled my rigid tool.

I was still groggy as I had slept soundly and had some wild dreams. I yawned, stretched and made an attempt to get out of bed. "I have to pee," I told her.

"Not until I get to ride you. I'm going to take advantage of your condition this morning," Cathleen remarked as she positioned herself to straddle my morning erection.

"Don't pee in me," she teased as she rode my shaft like a woman possessed.

"Don't worry, that is not a possibility," I answered remembering how difficult it was to pee with an erection.

A few times in the morning I had to pee so bad that I tried but it wasn't until my penis softened to a semi-erect state that I could urinate. Even then it was difficult to control and I ended up missing the toilet with the first stream. I knew that my cock would stay hard as long as Cathleen rode me and that I would not accidentally pee in her pussy. She rode me hard and at times I thought that my bladder would burst but it held out. Finally after a number of mild orgasms she climaxed and collapsed on top of me. I wrapped my arms around her body and held her tight as she bucked and screamed.

I learned the night before that Cathleen was always vocal when she orgasmed and she would cum so hard that it was scary. I adjusted to her orgasmic behavior and I made her cum as much as I could. After a few minutes she rolled off of me and flopped over on her back. 

"That was marvelous. We have to figure out how to have morning sex in the future," she sighed.

I rolled out of bed and made my way to the bathroom with my erect cock pointing the way. I stood over the toilet and tried to aim so that when I finally urinated that I would not miss the toilet. It took several painful minutes for my erection to soften enough so that I could pee and then finally success. It seemed like I peed for at least two minutes and the pressure was extreme. Then I washed my hands and my penis before returning to the bedroom. Cathleen was waiting for me as she knew that I wanted to cum before we left the hotel. 

If we had more time that morning I would have fucked in her beautiful ass again. I still had the image in my mind of fucking her in the ass the night before. It was wonderful to watch my cock slide in and out of her curvy bottom. I loved anal sex and Cathleen had one of the nicest asses that I ever fucked. However she need to shower, dress and get going so I settled, if you could call it that, for one of her signature blow jobs. Cathleen was an accomplished cock sucker and I had been the recipient of a wonderful blow job last night. We were both naked in bed and I reclined on my back as she masterfully sucked my cock.

I gently caressed her hair as her head bobbed up and down on my 8" dick. She would pause every so often and lower her mouth as far down as she could taking in most of my cock. Cathleen loved to do the deep throat thing testing her gag line. It wasn't long before her expert cock sucking, fondling my testicles and tickling my perineum that she had me spurting in her mouth. Cathleen drank down every drop as streams shot into her mouth. She kept me in her mouth until she had drained my shaft dry.

"I'm going to go home and change clothes. I don't think it would be good for me to show up at work in the same clothes that I wore yesterday," she told me.

"Good thought, I'll be okay as most everyone would accept the fact that I stayed in a hotel last night," I told her. 

I kept an electric razor in my desk and I could grab a quick shave at the office. After Cathleen showered, dressed and left for home, I showered, dressed and went to the office. I didn't have any scheduled meetings that morning so I did some administrative work at my desk. All the while I kept thinking about Cathleen's fine ass and how much I enjoyed fucking it. I assumed and hoped that it would not be the last time we got together. Later that day I would learn that the two of us were only getting started. 

THE AFFAIR BEGINS

On our first trip to a romantic interlude called La Chateau, Cathleen arrived before me and parked her car in the private spot adjacent to the room. I had given her my credit card to pay for the room. I parked in the lot which was secluded from the road and walked to the room. Cathleen was already naked when I arrived. She told me that this was the only room available as the ones with the Jacuzzi tubs were all taken.

I looked around as I undressed and checked out the water bed, mirrors on the ceiling and walls. There was a TV with a porn station and a small mini bar in the room. Cathleen was naked in bed watching me as I undressed and I could tell that she liked what she saw. I liked what I saw too as we loved being completely naked together. I moved to the bed and I was anxious to get at her ass all the while wondering if she would let me fuck her in the ass again. I moved her to all fours with her ass elevated and she placed her head on the mattress turned to one side so she could see me. I started playing with her pussy and her curvy ass lubricating her asshole with her own cunt juice. Cathleen moaned and cooed as I fingered her pussy and her asshole simultaneously. I tried to get her asshole wet enough with her juices and my saliva so that I could fuck her ass.

Cathleen had not objected to the ass play so I knelt behind her and tried to insert my cock in her ass but it just wouldn't go in. Afraid of hurting her I tried more pussy juice and saliva for lubrication but to no avail. My cock just would not go into her tight ass. There are times when my cock feels bigger and thicker, this was one of those times. I was fingering Cathleen's ass when she spoke.

"Use some cream," she said urgently, "There is lotion in my purse."

I got off the bed and retrieved the body lotion from her purse. As I did I realized that Cathleen was going to let me fuck her in the ass again. I returned to the bed and put an ample of amount of lotion in her asshole coating the tiny puckered opening of her anus and lubricating the rim. I added my saliva to my lotion covered cock and nestled my dick against the entrance of her anus momentarily before easing it inside her ass. I could feel my cock struggle to stretch the resistant muscles. My dick head burrowed in and her rigid passageway soon yielded to the determined action of my cock. Cathleen moaned as my penis filled her hole.

"Go slowly at first until I loosen up," she said sexily.

I fucked her with long and deliberate strokes until my cock was sliding easily in and out of her ass. I caressed her shapely buttocks as I watched my cock move in and out of her rectum worming around inside of her curvy ass. I caressed her small tits and tweaked her nipples as I leaned over her body and whispered in her ear, "Cathleen you have one lovely ass, I love fucking you in your hot ass." 

My hands freely roamed over her body and I pulled on her hips drawing her backwards impaling her on my swollen member. I reached for her pussy to finger fuck her and diddle her clit but I found Cathleen's hand already buried in her womb. She was frigging herself frantically working herself toward an orgasm. Suddenly I felt my cock inside her ass swell up and I started pumping faster. Within minutes I knew that Cathleen felt the warm fluid being squirted inside her rectum and she immediately started to cum herself. Her cunt walls convulsed around her own hand fucking her cunt as her anal muscles squeezed every drop from my spurting cock. I grunted as my whole body became stiff and I slammed my cock harder into her. Cathleen writhed around and her body arched off the bed as a climax of massive proportion tore through her loins.

My cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop and I flopped down on the bed next to her. She surprised me when she covered my cock with her mouth and sucked any remaining cum from my tool. I would learn later that Cathleen always douched her pussy and ass before and after sex. Cathleen then lay on her back, splayed her legs and pulled back the folds of her vagina.

"I need to cum again. Eat my pussy, please eat my pussy," she pleaded.

I rolled over and got between her legs. I put her thighs on my shoulders and lowered my mouth to her pussy. I took one slow lick as I flattened my tongue on Cathleen's mound. It felt so smooth and warm and I knew that Cathleen enjoyed it. I enjoyed the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her juice. 

Cathleen was obviously enjoying what I was doing as she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for my tongue to explore her pussy. Cathleen was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever I got near her hard clit. As I searched out her hard clit still just barely hidden she tensed and began to quiver. After I felt like I had teased her opening as much as I could with my tongue it was time to see her reaction when my tongue finally touched that treasured pearl.

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her clit I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Cathleen was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. I nuzzled it with my nose taking in her scent and I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Cathleen went wild and started bucking and moaning loudly. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Cathleen humped my face for all she was worth. I was excited that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with her wonderful clit with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Cathleen came but finally she collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. I lay next to her and stroked her body my hands moved freely over her tits and pussy mound. She rolled toward me and embraced me and yelled for me to hold her tight.

"Hold me, oh please hold me," she pleaded as her orgasm and spasms continued.

Once she calmed down, we lay there for awhile making small talk and then Cathleen started stroking my cock. Cathleen added some body lotion as she kept stroking me cock and soon had me hard again.

"I like playing with your cock. You have a big cock," she told me.

"It's not that big," I replied although I was very comfortable with my manhood.

"It's the biggest I have ever had," she said with a sultry tone.

"Well there are plenty of cocks bigger than mine," I assured her.

"If I had a cock I would be playing with it all the time," she giggled.

We continued our conversation as Cathleen continued to stroke my cock. I learned that she had first been ass fucked before she was married and divorced. Cathleen had been working in Washington D.C. at the time and she went out with two guys from the office. They took her back to their place and one fucked her ass as she blew the other guy. She took to ass fucking after that but she was very selective about who allowed in her ass. I shared with her my love for anal sex and some of my previous encounters. I told her that Susan was not into anal sex and she shared with me that her current boyfriend Jerry wasn't either. We learned that our current partners did not like to do the things that we did and that we were a perfect fit for each other, at least when it came to pure sex.

"All this talk and playing with your cock has got me hot again. I need to sit on your dick," she announced.

Cathleen straddled my body and lowered herself onto me as she held my tool and aimed it at her vagina. My hard cock slid easily into her womb and she emitted a small gasp as it filled her hole. Cathleen rocked back and forth on top of me as I held on to her curvy ass. I stroked her ass cheeks and molded her firm buttocks in my hands as she picked up the pace fucking herself on my dick. Cathleen started moaning as she fucked faster and faster. I sensed her pending orgasm and then she yelled out.

"I am going to explode. Oh, Oh hold me, please hold me tight," she screamed.

Cathleen collapsed on top of me her body quivering from the intensity of her orgasm. I could feel her juices coating my cock as it remained buried in her womb. It took a few minutes for her to regain her composure and she just lay on me and cooed. Eventually she rolled off of me and lay on her back next to me. I was still hard so I took her ass again and fucked her until I released my second load into her rectum. After that we showered dressed and left the motel.
