 Dinner was over. The candles were waning and it had started to get slightly cold.

She started to clear the empty plates from the table when suddenly, she felt Pau's hands stroking her thighs from behind, sliding under her miniskirt. 

She closed her eyes as his hands stroked the soft flesh of her thighs and trembled with lust. Under the short skirt she wore no panties and her pussy became almost instantly wet at his touch. She turned around, her red mouth searching his and they kissed hungrily. 

With one hand, she stroked the bulge of his crotch while with the other she started to unbutton his shirt. She wanted to have him naked before her, right now, while she was still dressed. That thought was delicious. The cold was forgotten.

But as if reading her mind and determined to be contrary, Pau kicked off his shoes and pulled down his pants and boxers in one go. His erection sprang out. Her pupils dilated and she reached out and clutched his cock- it was white, thick and hot to the touch. She began to massage it sensually, in slow up and down motions, pulling the foreskin over the purple head and then down again. He closed his eyes and sighed in pleasure. 

Out of the corner of her eye she looked at Bob, her other guest for the night. Bob was naked already, he had stripped at her indication straight after dinner and now lay stretched out on her sofa in sensual abandon, slowly stroking his cock as he looked at her with wide, excited eyes. His tanned and hairy body gleamed in the low, golden light and the movement of his hand caused leaping shadows. 

She smiled at him teasingly and licked her lips slowly. Bob's cock seemed to grow bigger in response. She pushed Pau in front of the sofa and slid her tongue down his belly till her eyes were level with his erection. She looked him in the eyes and slowly started to suck and lick his engorged cock. Pau closed his eyes and moaned with pleasure.

Occasionally she would shift her gaze to Bob, making sure he had a perfect view of the action. She would sometimes pause as her mouth reached the head and suck on it slowly or lick it. She could see that Bob was getting more and more excited as he stroked himself faster, his breath coming out in gasps. Switching her attention back to Pau, she turned her head and started to suck his balls while her hand continued what her mouth had been doing. First she sucked one ball, kept it in her mouth in a vacuum and then released it with a slight pop. Pau moaned louder. She then did this with the other ball and continued like that for a few minutes while Pau twisted slightly and continued moaning in pleasure. Then she moved back to sucking his hard cock with her soft and wet mouth, moving slightly faster than before. Her hand now stroked his balls lightly. 

After a moment, she let his cock pop out of her mouth and stood up. 

"Undress me please," she said, giving Pau a long, wet kiss. He pulled her white silk blouse over her head, revealing the erect bra less nipples that poked out invitingly. Then he slowly peeled down her miniskirt, leaving her standing in just her stiletto heels. 

Pushing Pau away, she turned around and looking at Bob and smiled. "I'd like you to prepare me please, lick my pussy well and when I tell you to stop, you may kneel here on the floor and watch me get a good, hard fucking."

Bob got off the sofa immediately as she walked over to him and sat down on the edge, spreading her legs. Her cunt was mostly hairless except for a small thatch of well-groomed hair at the top. The lips of her pussy parted invitingly and her engorged clitoris seemed to swell even more. She closed her eyes and leaned back on her arms as Bob got down between her legs.

Pau sat down beside her and began to nibble and lick her ears, lips and nipples. She moaned loudly and reached for his cock again, her eyes still closed. Her hand pumped his foreskin back and forth in a slow rhythm.

Meanwhile Bob sucked hungrily on her pussy, alternating long up and down strokes with short circular ones around her throbbing clitoris, one finger simultaneously teasing her anus. As he sucked and licked her, her cunt throbbed and released more and more juices, which his probing mouth lapped up like honey. 

She arched her back in ecstasy at the feel of the two tongues on her body. Time seemed to slow down as the two men found her pleasure spots again and again with their skilled tongues.

She wanted to fuck, now, she couldn't bear it any more. She pushed Bob's head away, moaning "Enough, time for you to watch me be well fucked, darling."

Bob sat back on the floor, panting with lust and watched in delight as she straddled Pau. She kissed him again, whispering, "Fuck me now, darling, fuck me deep and hard." With both hands on her arse, he lowered her onto his cock ever so slowly. As he slid into her, she pushed her long, black hair up over her head and glanced over her shoulder at Bob, a sultry smile on her lips. Her eyes were hooded with desire and pleasure as she bore down fully on Pau's big, throbbing cock.

"Enjoying the view, pet?" Bob nodded mutely and stroked his cock in time to their slow fucking rhythm. She rose and fell, impaling herself deliciously on her lover's thick erection again and again. The sight of the engorged and now, thoroughly wet cock pumping hungrily in and out of her pussy nearly drove Bob insane with lust. The air was thick with the smell of sex and the wet, slapping sound of their fucking. She started moving faster as Pau clutched her arse cheeks and got her to bang down harder each time. Her tits moved in rhythm, the nipples erect with excitement. From time to time, Pau would reach over and suck one or the other and that seemed to moisten her pussy even more. Soon, her juices were running down his balls. 

After a good ten minutes of fucking her like this, Pau pulled his cock out slowly and tapped the head against her sensitive clit. He then rolled her over on to her back. She gasped in delight as he slid into her again to the hilt, fucking her missionary style this time, his balls slapping against her arse.

As Bob watched, stroking himself faster and faster, she stretched out her right leg and looking at him, managed to pant, "I want you to lick my toes while he fucks me, ummm." 

Still stroking himself, Bob reached over and holding her foot with his other hand, started licking first her big toe and then the other toes, licking them almost like a dog would. She shuddered with the double pleasure emanating from her pussy and foot. When he finished licking, he put her big toe in his mouth and started sucking her flesh. 

She convulsed, feeling the onset of her first orgasm spreading from her pussy to her belly and thighs. She came in waves of pleasure for what seemed like an eternity, moaning loudly and long. Finally Pau slowly pulled out of her, still hard, his cock and balls drenched with her juices. 

Her pussy lips were swollen, red and slightly sore with the intense fucking she had received but she wanted more, lots more. 

She leaned forward and licked the length of his cock, savouring her own taste. "Mmm, fuck me some more, fuck me like a bitch in heat from behind, I want you to leave my pussy raw." 

She got on her hands and knees on the sofa and he positioned himself behind her, sliding his wet cock teasingly up and down the crack of her arse before sliding it into her pussy with one smooth plunging stroke.

"Ohhhh that feels so good!" she cried and pushed back against his cock. She looked at Bob who lay back on the floor, masturbating with abandon and thoroughly enjoying the delicious, decadent fuck show she was putting on for him. "Don't worry darling," she managed to pant, "once we're done, I'll let you lap up all my pussy juices."