 My heart pounds as I leave Veronique's room and move swiftly down the hallway through the darkened halls of the centuries-old villa. I feel exposed, like a hunted man making a run for it across an open field. It's a reckless, high stakes game I'm playing. Still, I feel I have no choice.

The next step of my plan in place, I make my way downstairs and pause at the door of my room. Inside, I hear the grunts and groans of two people in the throes of sexual passion, the bed pounding against the wall, bodies slamming together. I can hear Justine moaning and Peter growling. They're really going at it.

"Oh Jake," she moans. "Je viens! Je viens!"

I just smile and move on down the hall. He's enjoying this 20-something hottie who thinks she's enjoying me. Go figure. 

When I get to Isabelle's room, I knock lightly on the door. A moment later, it opens. Isabelle is standing before me in jeans, a t-shirt, and bare feet. She's removed her makeup entirely. To my eyes, she's never looked more beautiful.

"May I come in," I say, leaning on the door frame.

"Of course."

She opens the door and I enter, realizing this is the first time I've been in her room. I take my time looking around. At the art on the walls. At the books on the shelves. She's got a good collection; she obviously has a discerning eye and an inquisitive mind. 

I turn to her and she's leaning against a large drafting table which seems to serve as her desk.

"You doing okay?" I ask, softly.

"Yeah," she says quietly. "Better now."

"Do you feel like talking about it?" I ask, wondering how I can help.

"No. It's something I have to work out for myself."

She gives me a plaintive smile. I notice an overnight bag half packed on the divan. 

"Going somewhere?" I ask. She stands and crosses the room.

"I'm leaving," she replies, matter-of-factly. "I'm leaving this house and I have no intention of coming back."

I watch her as she places a couple of books into her bag. She continues explaining.

"I'm sick of the hypocrisy. My Mother badgers me to be proper and then I discover she's taken Charles to her bed. My father complains about the state of the world but he doesn't do a thing about it. I don't want to spend another day being....infected by their way of thinking. It's like the girl in your story. She had a chance to escape, to live her life, but she squandered it. Well, this is my chance. And I'm taking it."

"Where will you go?"

"I'm not sure. To Paris perhaps. I have an aunt there who likes me. I'm sure she'll put me up for a bit. Then, who knows? Maybe London. " 

"Paris will be lucky to have you. London too. I'm proud of you, Isabelle." 

She looks at me for a moment, then stands and walks over to me. She raises herself on her tiptoes and kisses me on the lips.

"Thank you, Jake."

"For what?" 

"For everything," she shrugs. "For being here... For inspiring me... For socking Charles in the nose."

"The cheek, actually." 

She chuckles.

"Excuse me. The cheek."

She sits on the bed. She pats the spot next to her. I sit next to her.

"And for this afternoon," she adds. "At the waterfall."

I nod.

"Yeah. That was pretty special."

She turns to me, earnestly. 

"Wasn't it? I mean, it was more than special. It was truly unique. For me, anyway. A once in a lifetime experience."

I look deep in her eyes. She really means it.

"It was that way for me too, Isabelle."

She looks in my eyes and places her hand on my cheek.

"I'm so glad."

I look down at my feet.

"You know, Isabelle. I have to tell you. Your mother's been...pursuing me ever since I got here. I want you to know that. After what happened with Charles."

"I know that," she answers. "I have eyes. I saw her at dinner. Heard her stupid double entendres. You know, it's not that she's a bad person. She's just...sad. She's like a little girl, lost in a way. She defined herself by her physical beauty for so long, she has nothing else. And she's frightened. 

"Frightened of what?"

"Frightened of growing old. Frightened of being alone. Charles, too, acts the way he does because he's afraid. He acts superior because he's afraid he's inferior. How can you respect others if you don't respect yourself? But you're different. You respect yourself. You have....character. You would never behave like that."

I look at her and think about how wrong she is. I'm not different. I feel afraid too. I doubt myself. Too often I follow my cock and whore around. No, I'm no better than Charles. Or Veronique.

"All of us have weakness," I say quietly. "We're human. We're flawed. I'm trying to learn that and accept it. In myself and in others."

She looks at me and nods. I feel so close to her right now. I lean in slowly and our lips meet.

We kiss, deeply. Passionately. Our tongues find each other. Our arms embrace, our hands touching, squeezing. I hold her tight in my arms and kiss her neck. She presses against me, running her hands through my hair.

"Oh Jake," she whispers. "I feel like celebrating. Celebrating my new freedom. What shall we do?"

I feel like inviting her to get naked with me and fucking until we pass out. But I'm trying to reform myself. 

"Whatever you want. I'm game."

"Let's go swimming in the lake!" she says, excitedly. "I'll miss that so much when I'm away."

Is she nuts? It's something like 1:00 in the morning. But I don't want to come off as a stick-in-the-mud.

"That's a great idea!" I answer. "Let's do it!"

The next thing I know we're headed down to the lakeshore. The moon is near full and it casts a eerie glow on the lake and the trees around us. It's cool, but not cold. The lake is calm and the moonlight shimmers on the surface.

"Let's get naked," she whispers. "I want to be naked with you."

I think, "twist my arm" and start to unbutton my tuxedo shirt. She's pulling off her t-shirt and unbuttoning her jeans. I watch her slip her jeans over her hips and she's wearing the most delicate bra and the skimpiest thong. I feel my heart leap and my cock stiffen as I see her body once again. I start to unbutton my pants and she looks over at me.

"Here. Let me help."

She kneels down to remove my shoes and socks. She unzips my trousers and carefully pulls them down. Seeing her gorgeous body and having her so near has caused my cock to stiffen. It's pressing hard against the cotton fabric. She pulls my pants off each foot and then looks up at me, her face right at my crotch. My cock is filling out my briefs as if they were three sizes too small. She looks up at me with raised eyebrows. 

"Shall I continue?" she asks playfully.

"Be my guest," I answer, trying my best to sound non-challant.

She reaches up and takes the waistband of my briefs between her fingers with both hands. Slowly she pulls down the fabric revealing first a tuft of hair, then the thick base of my cock. She pulls it further down, inch by inch, and my hardening cock is pressed straight down. Further she pulls it, down the length of my growing cock. Having her face so close to my cock just makes it harder, and thicker. My heart is thumping. Finally, she gets to the head and she ever so slowly pulls the waist over the ridge and then the tip. It springs forward and smacks her in the cheek. She lets out a raucous laugh.

"Come," I say. "Stand up. Your turn."

She jumps up and turns around so I can unfasten her bra. She turns to face me and holds the cups of her bra against her breasts, looking up at me through her lashes. She licks her lips and rolls her hips and rubs her breasts with her hands and bra. She arches back and slowly lowers her hands, letting the bra slide slowly over her breasts. I see the tops, then the pink aureoles, then the upturned nipples, stimulated by her rubbing. She lets the bra fall to the ground and rotates her shoulders back and forth showing me her perfect breasts. They look incredible in the moonlight.

I lower myself to my knees and grasp her thong in my fingertips. I slowly pull them down and am struck by the tightness of her ass and the shape of her hips. She's a ballet dancer, sure, but this body is beyond fit. It's extraordinary. I pull the thong over her feet and take advantage of my proximity to nibble on the inside of her thigh. She giggles and takes my head in her hands. She lifts one leg and rests it on my shoulder, guiding my face between her legs. I taste her pussy. So sweet. So wet.

As I stand, I wrap my arm around her ass and lift her so that her body is pressed against my chest. She wraps her legs around me and, as I slide her down, she rubs her breasts in my face. I lick her nipples and suck each one into my mouth. 

She lets out a satisfied moan and says: "Come. Let's swim out to the raft."

A swimming platform floats some 25 yards from shore. She takes off running and dives headlong into the water. I follow right behind her. The water envelopes me with a visceral shock. I surface and see her swimming ahead of me. With a few strokes, I catch up. 

Swimming alongside her, in the vast lake at night, is surreal. I've swum in lakes at night before, as a kid, and there's an eeriness that accompanies the experience. A sense of being at risk, of venturing out into the void. It's exciting and invigorating, yet unnerving at the same time.

Isabelle turns onto her side facing me and swims a sidestroke. She's quite a natural swimmer. She looks good in the water. Hell, she always looks good. 

I swim close to her, breast-stroking to match my speed with hers. The wide sweep of my arm causes my hand to brush against her body. She kicks her legs out to tangle with mine. Then, we're suddenly embracing, floating in the water. 

We swim around and over each other, our arms and legs intermingling. Her skin feels ultra soft in the water and her body firm and supple. I feel her feeling my shoulders and arms, her legs wrapped around mine. It reminds me of our encounter on the mossy banks of the waterfall.

It's hard to believe that was earlier today. So much has happened. Thinking of how beautiful she was, laying naked on the verdant shore, arching her back in the afternoon sun while I made love to her, well, suffice it to say my body is readying itself for another session. 

By the time we reach the raft, and I watch her climb up the metal stairs to the platform, her body sleek and glistening in the moonlight, my cock has grown to a semi-hard state despite the cool water. I climb up the stairs after her and she's already laying on her side, her elbow crooked, her head in her hand, watching me. I step onto the platform and stand before her, dripping wet, and my cock hanging thick and heavy. 

I pull my hair back from my face, my arms flexed, and look out across the lake in all four directions. I turn back to her, the front of my body bathed in moonlight, as she watches me intently.

I can feel her eyes on me, but I continue to look out at the lake and sky. The stars are brilliant in the cloudless night sky. Knowing she's watching me, that she has a clear view of my moonlit body, is a turn on for me. My cock continues to grow as she studies me. I take one more circuit of the platform, to admire the view, and also to let her view my chest, my abs, my thighs, my ass, and, of course, my growing cock from all angles.

"Come," she says, reaching out with one hand. "Lay with me. The view is extraordinary from here." 

I lay down next to her on the platform which is covered with a worn fabric. I lay on my side facing her, resting on my elbow. 

"Are you warm enough," I ask, hoping against hope that she'd want me to warm her with my body.

"I'm fine. And you?" she answers.

"I'm good." I lay on my back and look up. "The stars are incredible."

She lays on her back, her shoulder touching mine.

"Mmmmmm. Yes. I used to come out here when I was a girl. This raft was like my refuge. An island where I could escape and dream."

I look over at her profile. The water is beaded on her face and chest. She's stunning.

"What did you dream about?"

"Oh, everything," she replies. "The future... What I would do with my life... Boys... I remember laying out here and wondering if there would ever be a boy who would want a girl like me. One who'd desire me and make me feel like a woman. One who'd want to make love with me and someone whom I'd want, more than anything in the world, to please. And to be pleased by him."

She turns her head and we're face to face.

"I dreamt about that boy. And now, here you are."

We look deeply into each other's eyes and then we kiss, softly.

"Jake," she whispers, as if intimating a secret. "Let's make love and pretend it's our first time. For both of us. Would you do that?"

"Okay," I say softly. 

I kiss her lightly on the lips, brushing her bare skin of her back with my fingers. She kisses me back, tenderly. I kiss her more passionately, my tongue slipping between her lips. Her tongue embraces mine, tentatively. 

"I'm just a young girl who's never been with a man before," she says innocently. "But I want to. Very badly." 

"Me too," I say. "I'm not sure exactly how to do it, but I'm sure we can figure it out together."

She reaches down and runs her fingers lightly along the length of my cock. She takes it in her hand, holding it softly.

"I'm not sure, but I think if I stroke this with my hand, then it'll get bigger. Does this feel good?"

"Oh, yeah," I say, breathily. "That feels really good. If you keep doing that, then I'll get really hard. Then I think I can put it in here."

I reach down and slide my finger between the folds of her pussy. She's already incredibly wet.

"Mmmmmmm," she moans. "That makes me feel all warm inside. Keep doing that."

I slide my finger inside her and gently brush her clitoris with my thumb. 

"Ohhhhhhhh. That's so good. That makes me really want you inside me. I want to know what it feels like. I've wanted to for so long. Will you come inside me? Please?"

She's stroking me now with two hands, stretching the skin back so the head swells. I'm hard as a rock.

"Look," I say. "You've made me hard. Now I can take it, and put it here."

"But your thing is so big. It scares me. How can something so big possibly fit inside of me? When I'm so small?"

"We'll just take it slow. Here, I'll lay on my back and hold it straight up. Like this. Then you can come on top of me. Straddle me with your legs. That's it. Now slowly lower yourself and I'll rub the tip against your lips. How's that feel?"

"Mmmm. That makes me feel all creamy inside. Oh, yes. That makes me really want you to put it inside me. Please? Just a little bit?"

"Let's try."

I hold my hard cock steady with both hands and she rubs herself against the head. I can feel the hot wetness of her pussy on the tender tip. So hot. So wet. My cock is throbbing as she tries to get it in her. It's tight, and she's biting her lower lip. Suddenly, the head pops into her tight little pussy. She lets out a gasp.

"Oh," she moans. "Oh, it's so big. But it feels so good...I've been dreaming about this day. But I'm not sure what to do next?"

"I think I can slide it deeper inside."

I put my hands on her hips and I slowly raise my hips, sliding my cock into the folds of her pussy. She grabs both of my pecs with her fingers and digs them into me. 

"Ohhhhh. Mon Dieu! C'est incroyable! You're spreading me so much! But I like it. I like it a lot...I wonder if I lift myself up, and go back down again, up and down, like this. See how you're sliding into me. Ohhhhh. Yes. I think I can take you even deeper inside me. Oh, that feels so good. You're going so deep. I can't believe how deep you are inside me."

I have my hands on her sides, guiding her slowly up and down on my rock hard cock. She's so wet and so tight I can hardly believe it. This role play is making us take it very, very slowly and the anticipation is making me incredibly turned on. 

"Oh Jake, you're filling me up. Filling me up so wonderfully. Look how much you spread me. How my body's opening up to let you inside. It feels so good when you go deep. Go deeper. I want you to go deeper."

I lift my hips and press my cock upward and she arches her back, her hands in her hair.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Yessssssss! I never knew how good it could feel! We fit together so perfectly!"

"What if I rock my pelvis like this," I say. "And move my hips in a circle, like this. Would that feel good too?"

She's arching her back, her breasts jutting out, her nipples upturned. 

"Yesssss! That feels so good. Touch my breasts. I want you to touch my breasts."

I take her perfect breasts in my hands and roll the nipples in my palms. I slide my fingers over them and she moans. She starts to undulate her body slowly. It's so hot, so sexy. All the while I'm thrusting slowly into her and she's receiving each thrust with a moan and another undulation of her body.

"I like it when you move like that," I say. "That really makes me hot. I think it's making my cock harder too. And bigger."

"Oh, yes I think you are getting bigger," she says, panting now. "I can't believe how big you are. You're going so deep. You're spreading me so much."

I reach hand down from her breasts to her mound and find her clit with my thumb.

"I'm not sure, but I think if I touched you here. On this spot. It'll feel really good. Does that feel like something you'd like?"

"Oh yes, yes. Do that...That feels really good...Oh yeah...Oh yeah...That feels so good...Oh mon chére...touche moi...ohhhhhhhhh...je suis si chaud......oh Jake......I feel like I might faint......Hold me."

I stop rubbing her clit and pumping her pussy.

"Shhhhhh, it's okay. Let me try something. I think you'll like it."

I slowly sit up, putting my arms around her torso.

"Now, swing your legs around my back. That's it."

I pull her body close to mine, holding her weight in my arms. We're facing each other, pressed together, my face in her breasts. She's got half my cock inside her.

"Now just let me do the work," I say. "You just concentrate on feeling good and relaxing yourself so you can take me inside you." 

Slowly, I start to lift her and lower her onto my throbbing hard-on. She feels incredibly wet, as wet as any pussy I've ever felt. 

Her breasts are brushing against my face, her nipples sliding over my mouth. Her hands are in my hair and she's pressing my head against her breasts and rubbing her nipples against my face and chest. She's in constant movement, like a live wire she's so turned on. 

I too am incredibly hot. I feel like my whole day has built up to this moment.

Raising and lowering her, up and down, licking her breasts, feeling her pussy sliding lower each time. She's so wet and tight. Each time I lower her I feel myself penetrate her deeper and her moans grow louder. 

"Oh Jake, I feel I'm going to explode with pleasure. I feel it overwhelming me."

"That's okay. Just ride the wave. You're going to come, Isabelle. You're going to come riding my cock. It's a wonderful thing. You're becoming a woman."

She smiles. 

"Yes, that it. I feel like a woman. With you inside me. Feeling this way. I've become a complete woman."

With that, I lower her down onto my lap completely. My cock is buried inside her. To the hilt. She let's out a long moan of pleasure. A womanly moan.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she cries. "Oui, mon amour, je t'aime avec tout ma cœur!" 

She starts to shake, involuntarily, her body starting to convulse with pleasure. 

"Oh Jake, that's it....yes....oh yes.....right there......yes......fuck me......I'm coming......I'm coming......"

I'm holding her ass and sliding her up and down my cock, grinding her clit against my pubic bone. It's not a move a first timer would know but I'm cheating a bit. I want her to have a great orgasm. An unforgettable one. Historic.

"Right there...that's it...yes...yes...fuck me...fuck me...mon dieu...c'est si bon....c'est si bon..."
