 I thought I was doomed when both my ex-wives showed up unexpectedly. It all started when I got divorced from my first wife. Sherry and I split but remained cordial until that fateful day. 

Roxy and I divorced over a misunderstanding and it took years for her to realize that mistakes were made and she wanted to make amends. So here I am with two ex-wives and current wife and I wouldn't want it any other way.

Sherry and I were close when we were married and our sex life was phenomenal. She was in to just about anything and she especially loved Anal sex. She could suck a golf ball through a hundred foot garden hose and swallow every drop. She and I split up because my job had me gone 340 days per year and the strain was more than either one of us could bear. However, we remained very close and friendly for a few years until my job took me away once again.

Roxy was a wildcat in the bedroom who loved to take control and she could wiggle that ass and get me stirred up about as fast as lightening. I met Roxy while I was going through the divorce from Sherry and instantly we were lovers, lusters and wild about each other. Then one day I came home from the Office and found a note on the door just above a suitcase filled with my clothes. 

Her best friend told her that I had been having an affair on her with Sherry who was my first wife. So Rox hired a P.I. to tail and investigate me. When he couldn't find anything on me, he began following me all over trying to get photographs of me in a compromising position. He failed miserably at that too because hell, I taught counter surveillance for years in the Police Academy in middle Georgia. But once trust is broken in a marriage it can be very difficult if not impossible to recover and that's what happened with Roxy and me. She just couldn't accept the fact that I was not having an affair with anyone.

Then I met Suzie and when I say the first two wives were dynamite in bed, Suzie was a ballistic missile. She got off on anal play and oral and could give as good as she got if not better. She and I had been married almost one year when she brokered an idea to me that caused me to nearly pass out in surprise. She wanted to pleasure me on our upcoming 1st anniversary but she wanted to do it her way. 

Suzie was definitely a take charge kind of gal in the sack. She seems to be able to get herself to intense orgasms by telling me how she wants it done to her. So one can imagine how let down I was when I came home from work after having been gone for two weeks teaching in the Academy and saw multiple cars in my driveway. Twas the night before bliss and all through house I could hear laughter above the sound of my piss. 

As I walked in to the house that day, Suzie met me at the door wearing nothing but a smile and danged near attacked me. She launched herself in to my open arms and within seconds was playing a hot game of tonsil hockey and it gave me one helluva raging hard on. I put down my luggage as she was kneeling down to free my little officer. Although I was anything but little she could swallow me whole and never miss a drop when I would shoot my loads in to her mouth. 

As she was going mad on my rod sucking and stroking for all she was worth, I began to undress. After I got all my clothes off, I scooped her up in to my arms and made my way to the bedroom where I anticipated a day and night that I would never forget. Little did I know just how right I was going to be.

We immediately got positioned in to a sixty nine with her on top. She was tonguing my shaft while I licked her pussy and rimmed her back door. She smelled incredible since she had just gotten out of the shower as I was pulling in to the drive. We went at the sixty nine for about 10 minutes when she whirled around and sat on my face all the while grinding her hips and pussy in to my face. I lapped her juices, sucked her clit and when I managed to get a couple fingers in to her love box and hit her G-spot she immediately went in to an orgasm to beat all orgasms.

After she came down from that sex high, she turned around and slid her body down and before i could think, she had taken my rock hard cock and started rubbing the tip against her backdoor entrance. I was about to come in buckets when she suddenly raised herself up as if she was about to get off the bed when she suddenly thrust herself down on my rod of iron burying my 9 inches of man meat all the way up her ass in one swift movement. She let out a scream of joy and began bucking up and down with my cock sliding effortlessly in and out of her chocolate highway.

Her excitement along with mine had me on the verge of unloading what would have been a bucket full of cum. She seemed to have sensed that because she suddenly stopped for a few moments allowing for the sensations in my cock and brain to settle down. After a couple minutes of lying perfectly still, she began to slid up and down again but this time very slowly. Through gritted teeth I told her that I was about to blow my load right up her ass. She threw her head back and said, fill me up baby and with that I began to shoot rope after rope after rope of white cum so deep in her that I began to look to see if it was coming out of her mouth. 

After I had finished unloading in to her ass, my cock seemed like it was going to remain hard. But after a couple minutes it started relaxing and she recognized that. She gently slid herself off my cock and turned around and we started kissing like there would be no tomorrow. Just as suddenly as it all started, she announced that we needed to go get a shower. As we were heading for the bathroom, she looks over her shoulder at me and said, "After the Shower, then the surprise." I almost shot another load right there just hearing what she had just said. 

We quickly got through the shower and as I was drying off, Suzie took one of my hands and lead me back to the bedroom. Imagine my utter surprise when I walked in and there on the bed was not one but both of my ex wives. Both were fully clothed and in an instant my cock went from steel rod to a wet noodle. Here I am standing in the bedroom doorway naked as the day I was born with my wife right behind me likewise nude.

Rox was the first one to speak saying, "Well hello there, I see some things have not changed." She was staring at my now very flaccid penis. Sherry spoke next saying, "It might be limp now but I bet we can get him back up and hard in no time." With that, Suzie gave me shove toward the bed. Her shove caught me so totally off guard, that I literally tripped and fell face down on to the mattress. Before I could think hot damn, Sherry was kissing me and Rox was fondling my balls and rubbing my shaft back to life. I looked over my shoulder at Suzie to see what she was doing and there she was, a big smile on her face and a hand on her pussy rubbing for all she was worth. I didn't know what the hell to think so I just went with the flow to see where it would take us.

After a couple minutes of sucking my now rock hard cock, Roxy, pulled back and excused herself for a moment. When she came back in to the room, she was totally naked and when I saw that she had not gone the way of the fad of shaving, I caught myself literally licking my lips. Rox looks over at Suzie apparently awaiting Suzie's approval. Suzie spoke saying, I am getting first crack at that cock up my pussy but you girls can have anything else until I am done riding his cock till we both collapse from orgasm. 

Like a Panther, Suzie had crossed the room and almost jumped on to my cock. Within about two seconds she was riding me like a wild woman. Then after a couple minutes of steady rocking and thrusting, I felt something warm and wet on my balls. I thought she was cumming at first but then, I realized that it was one of the other two women licking my nut sack and as Suzie would rise up a little, the other would lick my dick. I started cumming like a fire hydrant and Suzie quickly lost it yet again. After relaxing for a few moments, Suzie climbed off my still hard cock and said to Rox, "Ok girl, that beautiful man meat is all yours."

Roxy stood up from where she had positioned herself to lick my cock and balls and slid my cock up her pussy and immediately began to buck up and down. All of a sudden I felt her tense but I was mistaken in thinking that she was orgasming. She tensed because Sherry was now sucking on her tits and rubbing her clit as she slid up and down on my pole. I blew for the third time that day.

Rox was right behind me in her mind blowing O and as she crawled off me, my cum was beginning to ooze out of her cunt. But Sherry wasn't going to let any of that go to waste. She pushed Roxy on to her back and dove right in to lapping and slurping all my cum that leaked out of that beautiful read haired cunt. 

I told the girls that I had to take a break and give my now lifeless cock a rest. I didn't hear either of them respond and as I was heading out of the bedroom I looked back at them and what did I see? There on my bed were three very beautiful women in their own daisy chain. All were engaged in a 3 way sixty nine.

I walked in to the living room to my easy chair for some much needed R & R. After about 20 minutes, all three women came downstairs and joined me in relaxing a bit. Here sat my three wives, one a Flaming Red head, one a Jet Black haired beauty and one that was naturally almost a platinum blonde. All three were all natural and had not shaved except to trim some of the wild woolys. As we sat there in relative silence the doorbell rang. Suzie jumped up saying, that she had forgotten she had ordered dinner to be delivered. Without hesitating to put on a robe or clothes first, she bolted to the door and about shocked the poor delivery dude to an early grave. He couldn't speak so he just stood there looking at three beautiful naked women and me. After Suzie got his money and had dismissed him, she turned back to us and said, "oops." We all broke out laughing hysterically.

After finishing up our Supper, I asked Suzie what brought all this on. She said that she remembered the first conversation that she and I had and we were telling each other about our history. She said that when I talked about Roxy and Sherry, I always spoke about them in a very kind and loving manner and that she could tell that I still loved them both dearly. Feeling ashamed, I began to stammer a bit and she punched me on the arm calling me silly and then went on to tell me the rest of the story.

As our 1st anniversary started looming on the calendar, Suzie had an idea that if she could talk to the other women, she might find some things out that she could do to me or have me do to her on our anniversary. But as she talked with each of the ex wives, she began hearing that they too were still in love with me and neither of them had remarried. While they knew each other they never had the occasion to speak to one another. As Suzie talked with them a plan began forming in her mind so, she delicately asked them if they would consider helping her with a surprise on that big day. To her shock and surprise, Sherry and Rox jumped at the idea. So for several weeks, the three women schemed and plotted and planned on how they would pull of the surprise of the century. None of the women are bisexual but they all agreed that it might be fun and all the more exciting if they threw caution to the wind and just went with the flow if everything else was in place mood wise. 

As we all talked that evening, it became madly apparent that all three women really did love me and they were willing to take whatever they could get in emotions, affections and whatever else they could. So, Sherry being the boldest of the three, gets off the sofa where she had been sitting and walks over to me and crawls in to my lap. She said that it was her turn now and she wanted me to fuck her in every hole and she didn't care in what order. To my surprise my cock sprang back to full attention. 

Sherry then guided my new hard on in to her pussy and started grinding her hips and using her pussy muscles, began to grip and milk me. Having cum three times in a short period of time, it was going to be a while before I could shoot again so Sherry took full advantage and rode me like rodeo cowboy riding a bull. 

After ten solid minutes of grinding and riding my cock, Sherry, orgasmed 3 times, each time flooding my cock balls and lap. Sensing that I was still hard, she got off my lap and knelt down on the floor on all fours. She started wiggling her ass as if inviting me to go backdoor on her. I slid off my easy chair and positioned myself for rear entry. Suzie then came up with a bottle of anal eze cream and began rubbing some on Sherry, tight brown eye and then on my cock. As she was rubbing the cream on Sherry's asshole, she began inserting first, one finger then two and finally three fingers. That action in itself brought Sherry to a mind blowing O. 

I started to gently slide my cock in to her butt when Rox came over and laid down in front of Sherry with her pussy literally pulsating. Sherry quickly picked up on those vibes and started licking and probing Roxy's cunt. Before I knew it, I was buried balls deep in Sherry's ass. 

As I was rocking back and forth inside Sherry's dark tunnel, I felt Suzie behind me and before I could think what's going on, Suzie began rubbing the anal eze in to my asshole. We all had done ass play before but never anything more than a finger or two in my ass. 

After Suzie rubbed my tight hole for a few minutes I felt pressure forming back there and as if on cue, Sherry started bucking in to another Orgasm and as I was focused on her, Suzie was sliding a butt plug up my ass. When she touched my prostate, I about exploded. In fact, when that plug hit that spot, I unloaded the biggest wad of cum of my life deep in Sherry's ass. She squealed in delight upon feeling my pulsating cock pumping copious amounts of semen deep inside her. That in itself caused her to hit the mighty orgasm yet again. 

As Suzie was working the butt plug inside me I started hearing a buzzing sound. I realized that one of the women had a vibrator and was probably pleasuring themselves. But I could not have been more wrong on that point. Roxy had put on a strap one and was furiously fucking Suzie with it. 

After swapping back and forth for several hours that night, we all collapsed sound asleep in my bed. About daylight the next morning, I awoke to realize that Suzie had straddled my face and without even knowing what was happening I had instantly started to eat her out. 

As I came wide awake, I felt a set of lips on my raging hard on. I looked around just enough to see that Roxy was the one on my cock. Sherry meanwhile was behind Rox with that strap on pumping in to her like a rabbit on steroids. I had come so much and so many times the night before, there was no way I could produce anymore love spunk. So Suzie rode and rode me gushing on me about 4 times. After an hour of non stop fucking and sucking, we all got in to the shower together for the last time. Or so I thought.

After we all got out and had dried and gotten dressed, Suzie wanted to have a Talk with all of us at the same time.

So, we gathered around the dinner table and Suzie began to speak. She said that last night and this morning had been the wildest, sexiest and sloppiest day of her life. The other women nodded in complete agreement. Then the bombshell came as Roxy made an off handed comment about how she wished that we could do this again sometimes.

When Roxy had finished, Sherry, who had been nodding in agreement, spoke next saying, how she hoped that I realized that she and Rox still were very much in love with me and that if there was anyway possible, she would love to come over more often. When she finished, Suzie looked at me and then at the women and asked, "how would you all like it if we all lived together. Each of us women sharing our favorite man." I about passed out but, Sherry and Roxy both squealed in delight at that prospect. Then within a week, we all became lovers under one roof. 

That's been ten years now and we are still together and still having some of the wildest sex imaginable. We don't all go to the store together but when we do, I get some of the strangest looks from the others there. It's like they know something is up but they just don't know what it is. I just grin and keep walking while my cock stiffens at the prospect of what's coming tonight.