 Me and Rachel sat at Copper Star Coffee, chatting about nothing and everything at the same time. She had the most contagious smile. You just couldn't help but feel at ease. I could share anything with her. 

"So how are you and Mr. Big?" 

I laughed. I had just confided in my friend about how large my boyfriend's dick was. 

"You know, we're good. We're real good. We're in a place where we know each other's flaws and strengths, and we just accept each other as people."

"I'm happy that you're happy." She put her hand on my right thigh. I felt something I could only describe as spiritual electricity. Me and her could vibe on the same plane of time, space, and any other dimension. 

"Sarge is everything a man should be. Good with his hands- Oh in more ways than one, girl! He treats me right, loves me all night, you know, he's very open-minded as well. He always wants to try new stuff in bed."

"I'm jealous to be honest. I wish that I had that with someone. If I can just be real right now, I feel lonely."

Rachel was a 5'5 white woman with auburn hair and green eyes. She had a curvaceous build, but very proportional. I have way bigger tits than her, but hers were still sizable, supple-looking.

"Girl, you'll find somebody, you're fucking gorgeous! Who wouldn't want to be with you?"

"Me?" Rachel sometimes dealt with low-self esteem, despite often being mistaken for an actress or model.

"Girl, I would bang you."

"Oh, shut up!"

"Girl... I would straight eat that pussy. Well, okay I guess there's nothing straight about that."

"... You would?" (Rachel had not wanted to admit to anyone that she is bisexual and had been crushing on Cara for a bit). 

"Girl, listen. I would start at your pussy, and you'd be feeling so good. And then I'd get all up in that ass, I'm talking salad tossed! I can't help but thinking you have the most amazing ass! Girl, you've got just the right about of curve, you've got an ample shape on you!"

"I'm flattered but... You know I was raised Christian and..."

"Honey, why are you fighting it? I can feel the sexual tension between us. Why don't we cut the shit?"

"I know, Cara, I've felt the same way, but I never wanted to get in between you and Sarge. What you have is so rare and special, I could never be the one who took you away from him."

"Okay, bitch, first off, wild horses couldn't drag me away from my love, so you would never have to worry about that. But secondly, didn't I say my man is open-minded?"

"What does that have to do with anything? Oh, does he let you fool around with chicks on the side?"

With that, I laughed. I couldn't help it. "Listen, I want you, and he told me he wants you, too."

"Huh? I don't..." 

"We want you."

"Like...?"

"Do I have to spell it out, we want to have you, in bed, at the same time."

"OH!"

"I know your parents raised you to be of the highest of morals. I can respect that. But I can't respect you denying parts of who you are, aspects of your own sexuality, because you feel guilty when you shouldn't. Tell me you don't want me, Just tell me. Tell me, and I'll never bring it up again. If that's what you want."

We sat there in a heavy silence for a moment.

"I do want you," Rachel finally said. 

And then I did the only thing that made sense. I leaned in and started to French kiss her, as we sat alone on the coffee shop patio. The kiss lasted maybe 10 seconds, but we both knew it changed everything. 

"Okay, well we're leaving to Vegas this weekend, join us in making the weekend one we'll never forget?"

"Yes!" She said, giving me a short peck...

Rachel, Sarge, and I stumbled into our MGM Master Suite. We had just collectively won $10,000 playing Hold 'Em. We had all of it in cash, and threw it around the room, including all over the bed. 

"Are you ready for this?" I asked Rachel, thinking that maybe after this great winning night out, with chemistry thick in the air, she still might chicken out, or feel too much of that guilt that got instilled into her from a young age.

Rachel looked into Sarge's soulful eyes, then directly into mine. "Yes."

I stepped around Rachel and started to lift up her white silk dress. It was very effortless. She wasn't wearing a bra, which had been very enjoyable for me and Sarge as eye candy all night. She had a little white thong that had matched her dress. Sarge stepped in and did the honors, grabbing them with his teeth and pulling them down to her ankles. I thought she was going to get nervous at this point, or intimidated by all three of us, but she seemed very into it. Sarge kissed her on the mouth.

Suddenly, I felt a pang of jealousy. Shit. I didn't think for a second that it would be me getting second thoughts all of a sudden. But then he started moving down her body. I felt better. For whatever reason, I just couldn't handle him to kiss another- some shit's reserved for me only. We'll talk about it later.

He started eating her out while she was still standing. I started touching myself as I watched Rachel toss her head back and moan with pleasure. Sarge took one hand and started rubbing her clit gently while sucking on her pussy. I watched for awhile, getting wetter. 

Then I joined in. I started sucking Sarge off. Mmm. His huge black cock was ready for me. I loved the way he felt inside me. 

"Ladies, since you were such good girls tonight, Daddy's got one more surprise for you."

Rachel and I smiled at each other.

Sarge reached in his bag and grabbed four silk scarves. "On your knees." Both of us dropped to our knees on the bed. He started tying Rachel's hands behind her back, then he tied one around her eyes like a blindfold. He pushed her forward, her face in the pillow. Me and Sarge looked at each other and then our lips came together passionately, beyond words. Then he tied me up and blindfolded me, next to Rachel. 

He started licking Rachel's ass a little as he fingered her. When she seemed nice and ready, he stuffed his huge Black cock into her pretty pink little pussy. While he thrust in and out, he placed one hand on her lower back and fingered me with the other hand. He knew exactly how to get me off, too. He knew just how I liked it. He grabbed Rachel's tits, fucking her slow, then fast, then nice and slow again. Rachel started moaning, "Ooohh, ohhhhhh, Oh, God, Oh, GOD!" 

'Mmm, you like it like that?"

"Yes!! Give it to me rough!"

"Yes, Ma'am." 

Sarge yanked her hair back and started pounding her hard. "Ohh, Ahh, oHhhhHh.!!" Rachel came so hard, Sarge could feel it on his cock.

After he finished satisfying Rachel on the Vegas bed full of money, he turned his attention to his woman. "Babe, did you like seeing me fuck her?"

"Yes, it was so hot!" 

"Are you ready for this dick?"

"Mmmm."

Sarge gave it to me. Just how I wanted. He knew so well. Rachel came up and started kissing me and playing with my tits. She kissed my neck, and moved down to flicking and teasing my clit. Damn! With both of them stimulating me at the same time, I immediately got close to the edge. "AhhHhHHHHHHHHH!" My voice was pretty muffled by the pillow. I came so hard, they had gotten me off better than even my vibrator. 

Rachel took a turn sucking Sarge's dick until he finally came in her mouth. 

We all laid down and played with our winnings... And then each other, a bit of tantalizing and kinky 12-Play to ignite round deux.