 Note:

Everything in this story is a complete fantasy, I would like one day to have a threesome with a boy and another girl.

This is the first time I have written something like this, so bear with me.

I hope you will enjoy it.

****

On the way to the university, I have to take a bus and that is where we met, before you have to ask, Lauren and Christopher are their names. We started talking, well not immediately, only after a week or so of being stared at. 

Started with smalltalk about my school and their work and eventually we got to know each other and after another couple of weeks Lauren asked if I had any plans that evening and if I cared to meet up for a drink or something.

I didn't have anything scheduled for the evening and said okay and Christopher gave me an address of a bar.

I was there around seven thirty and saw them both in a booth at the end of the bar. 

They waved at me and said hi. I grabbed a chair but Lauren gestured to sit next to her, "it's cosier here and I don't bite", she smiled.

She was really beautiful, short pink hair(obviously not her natural color) petite build(A cup, pretty fit figure) and greenish eyes and judging by the color of her eyebrows very light blonde or gingery. She has freckles all over her face(and body too) and a swirly flowery tattoo on her arm. 

Christopher is a normal build guy, has a short beard and dark brown hair, brown eyes and cute smile and had a couple of tattoos too.

We talked a bit about the usual, their work, my upcoming midterm exams and such and when the bartender took our order and after he had given us our drinks, Lauren asked me to put down my glass.

She smiled and started hesitatingly, "So, we invited you because we kind of want to ask you something," she said,"we don't know how to ask it and it is the first time we actually want to ask this to someone".

"What is it you want to know?", I went, thinking about what it could be that they have to ask so carefully.

She said, "well, are you seeing someone at the moment?"

"No, not really no, why do you ask? I already told you that I'm a happy single, right?" I said, rolling my eyes jokingly, and making air quotes when I said happy.

"Well, before we ask something else, we'd like to know if you prefer boys or girls?" 

I asked why and if it's important to know, hoping that they are not against a certain type of people.

"Well, to be honest, it kind of is important because of something else we'd like to ask. To be blunt," she took a big breath, "do you like girls and have you ever been with a girl?" 

"Wait, wait, Lauren hold on, look, I obviously like girls and Lauren has been with a couple of girls before me." Christopher said trying to rescue the topic because he probably noticed my reluctance to answer the question. 

"Oh, okay," I said, kind of relieved, "yes, I like both. I was wondering about that with you too." I smiled at Lauren.

"Okay, now I'm curious," I said a bit too serious, "what is it that you want to ask then?"

"We talked about you and thought you would like both. Have you ever been with more than one person at a time and would you be interested if that occasion would present itself?" Christopher exclaimed.

"huh? I, err, actually don't know." I said honestly, "I haven't thought about that."

In my head I was like,"woah, what did they just ask?" I guess they had seen it.

"I know you kind of like him, I noticed that, but" Lauren went on, "what about me?" 

"What about you? err, Yeah, maybe?" I tried calmly, "you're kinda cute too." I had all kinds of things buzzing around in my head.

"Your cute too," Lauren repeated, smiling at the compliment, "and Christopher thinks you're quite attractive too, don't you?" She looked at him, smiling a bit naughty.

He looked at me and when our eyes met I would swear he started to blush just a tiny little bit.

They looked at each other and Christopher said that he and Lauren talked about spicing things up, with adding another girl, for a while now and that they wondered if I would consider to be that girl. 

They both fancied me and they knew I was into him but unsure if I would like her as well.

After I told them that this was unexpected but in fact a kind of a fantasy I had, I agreed but that it would have to be slow. 

We went on and talked about the idea for a good part of the evening and discussed the possibility of having a threesome soon. They both said I looked very pretty and said other flatteries that occasionally made me blush and even giggle at one point. 

Lauren and Chris held my hand and stroked my arms a couple of times and someone (maybe both) was touching my legs and feet with theirs and I let them.

After some time Lauren layed her hand on my thigh and gently spread my legs apart to caress my inner thighs, I let her and I looked at both of them and whispered "mmm, you guys are really good at turning me on" while softly biting my lip. 

Lauren turned to face me and whispered in my ear, "we were counting on that," and she gently kissed my ear, "are you feeling okay with this?"

I could only nod yes and say "yeah."

Christopher took that as a que to ask for the check and when the bartender came over he paid and asked if it was okay with us if he would go to get their car. 

Lauren looked at me, with a mischievous smile and turned to him to say we could manage without him for a couple of minutes. 

When he was gone she continued to kiss my neck and then she put her lips on mine. I didn't hesitate to kiss back.

Her lips were soft and tasted like vanilla lipgloss.

Obviously she felt that I liked it and she got bolder. She slowly went under my blouse and touched me so soft it was making me tingle with desire. I couldn't resist to touch her too. I turned into her embrace and started to wander around with my hands, she felt warm, soft and deliciously sweaty.

"Err, I am, err, sorry I hate to interrupt you two but your friend is like trying to get your attention for about two minutes now?" The bartender said obviously kind of amused. 

"Oh, right" stumbled from my lips, I almost forgot all about him.

We quickly made ourselves a bit more decent and grabbed our purses and coats and hastily started to their car. 

It was a darker color, hard to tell because of the streetlights, a normal car, nothing fancy. It had four wheels and windows and stuff like any car and to be honest I wasn't really paying attention to the car. 

I started to have second thoughts about the whole thing. Somehow Lauren must have noticed my reluctance to get in the car. "Is something wrong?" She asked silently and reaching out to my hand. I took a small step back and looked at her and said,"Can you promise me that if I don't want to do this anymore, I can freely choose to stop and go home?" 

She looked somewhat surprised and said, "Of course you can, don't worry about it? It's his car right? I don't like either." she explained that he had it already from before they got together and she didn't like it and because of the late hour and no busses, they decided to take the car, she went on saying something about the seats. She sounded honestly enough for me to relax. 

So at last I got in and Lauren sat next to me, on the backseat and behind Chris. "So we can pick up where we left?" She asked, looking with big bright eyes and gently touching my arm.

"I'm sorry," Chris turned to face us and apologized, "but I have to stop at Mark's place first. I'll be in and out. Won't take long. Maybe a minute or two." Lauren gave him a frown, "okay, I guess?"

Christopher started the car and then we drove of. 

Lauren didn't wait long, she touched and stroked my thighs and asked, "panties or thong?"

"What?" I said, not knowing what she meant. 

"Do you wear panties or something else?"

"Panties?" I said a bit confused. 

She's started to open the zipper on the side of my pants. I was already melting again and wiggled a little to give her better access. 

With her other hand she had already opened her top and she said, "it opens in the front" in a lustful and playful way. 

It was such a cute sight, two perky little boobs covered with light brown speckles with small pink nipples. They barely jiggled while driving. They felt firm, soft and yummy. 

"I know, they are not exactly what you would call a rack and err, that," she waved her hand over her face and boobs with an apologetic look on her face, "is all over me. You should see it in the summer, it only gets worse." 

I smiled. "You're so cute" I said actually a bit overwhelmed by her naked chest.

"Lauren is a bit overly self-conscious about her tits and freckles but I keep telling her that she is beautiful just because of that. She's a real ginger, you know." Chris said while looking in the rearview mirror, "you should see her pubes, they're like fire, she always shaves it but we compromised on a little landing strip." He proudly said. 

"Do you shave or wax yours?" Lauren asked, changing the subject of the conversation to me. 

"I shave mine, waxing is to much torture for me." I replied. 

"Completely bald?" Christopher asked.

"Oh, now he's going to be interested," Lauren laughed while feeling my pussy, "she's bald alright!" 

She looked at me to see if it was okay to do that, I nodded.

"More?" she whispered in my ear and nibbling on my earlobe. 

"Uhuh" i whispered back.

The car stopped, and Christopher said,"behave like a good girl,okay?" looking at Lauren. 

"She's decent" she said smiling at me. 

"I'm talking about you. You know what I mean." 

"He's so worried about getting a fine for indecent exposure." She teased him and turned back 

to me.

He was out and running up the front steps of a nearby house. 

"So, what do you think? Still up for it? You seem a bit calm?" 

"Oh it's fine, it's me, I just thought I was going to be kidnapped or something, to be quite honest." 

"What?" She looked worried, "by us you mean?" She opened her arms and pulled me in for a hug. "Oh, Justien, come here you silly girl" and she started to kiss me on my lips, moving to my neck, collarbone back to my lips, and all over. 

I stopped worrying and started to really enjoy it now. I began to feel her up and kissing back.

In no time she had my top unbuttoned and had opened my bra. She started licking and kissing my now bare chest, holding one boob in her hand and kissing the other. I arched my back to give myself to her and she gave herself to me. 

"Look, hey, look, quick" someone yelled outside of the car, not that subdued and I snapped out of the ecstatic trance of the moment and hurried to cover myself. 

"You see something you like?" Another voice yelled from farther away than the first. 

The car suddenly locked itself. 

"Move on, come on, the show is over!" 

Closer now. I turned to look and saw a couple of teenagers sprinting in the opposite direction of from where Christopher came from. 

The car unlocked and the door on the driver's side flung open. 

"Babe," disappointed and a bit too sad, "I can't imagine what those two have seen" he said looking with his eyebrows raised. 

"Come here, I'll give you a kiss" Lauren said and whispered to me that I should kiss him instead. I smiled at her, still aroused from earlier and leaned forward to him. 

"I guess you two are quite horny, right?" he said while gently going through my hair. "Let's get moving then but please let go of each other for a minute or something?" 

We pulled out of the parking spot on to the road. 

Lauren gestured for me to look. "Honey?" 

He gave an overacted sigh "yes?" 

"Can I play with you while you drive?" She said in a humble but clearly naughty tone. 

"Okay but I'm driving remember that?" he said with a clear faked annoyance.

She turned her head and whispered to me, "go ahead, you take it out. Let's see if he notices. I bet you'll love the feeling of it when it grows in your hand."

"You sure?" 

Lauren nodded and gestured for me to do it and that she had no problem with it. 

Okay, I nodded back, smiling enthusiastically. I reached for his hips and slowly went to the front of his pants. I easily found his zipper and button and opened it up. My hand searched for his cock. 

He adjusted the way he sat to give me better access. I slipped my hand inside, feeling his pubes and then. 

He wasn't soft anymore, more semi-erect and it reacted positively to my touch. I reached further and took him in my hand, it was warm and started stiffening more as I tried to pull him out. 

"Justien?" He said. On backseat we giggled quietly. 

"Aah, he noticed" Lauren said, faking disappointment. "It's pretty big, isn't it?" She asked. 

I leaned over to get a better look, "hmm, and a beautiful pointy tip, it's a shame that I'm sitting back here," I said to Christopher, "in front I could do something else than hold it in my hand or stroke it" and reached further down to his balls. They slightly moved in my hand when I cupped them, it was like a little furry animal that desperately needed to be petted.

Lauren was kissing the back of his neck. "You like her touch?" She asked him. 

"Mmm, yeah and it's hard to concentrate on the road" He kind of moaned. 

"Oh, it's hard alright" I said smiling at her.

I went on discovering his thing and Lauren switched between kissing his neck and ears and me. 

"Okay, we're here" Chris said as he started to park.

On the side of the street was a car parked. In it were three people getting ready to get out as quickly as possible and two of them were almost completely naked from the waist up. One of them was me. Lauren didn't bother with her bra and only put her top back on and one button so her boobs wouldn't be visible to curious looks. 

I was reaching behind my back to close my bra and I was looking around to see if I could find my shirt. 

Christopher had almost no work as he worked his thing back inside his pants and did his button and zipper.

Once we were decent enough to get out, we got out and stepped up on the path leading to their home. 

Lauren fumbled a bit in her purse and quickly found her keys and opened the door.

We went inside and Lauren asked if I wanted something to drink while showing me the rooms. 

They had a normal house. A hallway leading to the stairs, on the left the living room and kitchen. On the right side a small bathroom and a door leading to the garage. We went from the kitchen to the living room and she went to get us our drinks and some snacks. 

Christopher was already in the sofa and gestured for me to sit next to him, so I did. 

"So, you still want to play with us?" He asked with a smile, while he softly stroked my lap and upper thigh. 

On that moment Lauren placed three wine glasses and a bottle of white wine on the table on the table and a couple of small bowls with nuts, cheese, chips and such. 

"Oh my God" she said with a sharp tone, "my husband is fooling around with another woman!" 

Christopher turned back to face me with one raised eyebrow and said, "you can tell that she's not serious, can't you?" He smiled at me, "I'm not her husband, we're not married. Yet."

"I have to pee," Lauren said and got up "you two are okay to be alone for a couple of minutes?"

"I'm sure we'll find something to keep us busy." Chris said.

Christopher put his arm around me and leaned in for a kiss. I closed my eyes and licked my lips with my tongue. He kissed me gently and then I felt his tongue against my lips. I opened my mouth a little to let him in. His hands were sliding from my thighs to my lap and then my belly and rested a bit there. It was a good feeling and he noticed that I was relaxing more and that I was kissing him back. 

His hand moved up to my boobs and he cupped my left one and he felt me up. 

"You like them?" I asked. 

He moaned affirmative and went up to started to undo my top. He kept kissing while taking it off. 

I automatically opened my bra and took it off, so he could get a better look and feel. I was caressing him and slid my hands down to open his pants for the second time that evening. I started to get his pants down and he raised his hips to make it easier, it didn't take long. 

He also took off his t-shirt. 

I slipped my hand inside his boxers and asked if I could let him grow in my mouth. 

He didn't object to that. 

I started to kiss him on his chest going lower and lower with each kiss. I kneeled in front of him when I reached his pubes and didn't stop kissing and took him inside. 

It twitched with every kiss and lick. It got bigger and stiffer every time I went up and down on it. 

After not that long it was hardened to it's full potential. I started to taste a little bit of saltyness. 

"Oh God, you're good" he moaned and I only reacted by continuing sucking and licking his shaft. 

All of a sudden I felt someone kissing my neck then my cheek and then joining me. 

Without saying anything, Lauren and I shared Christopher's cock. 

Every time that I or Lauren had him in our mouth he pushed his hips a little bit up.

He really liked what we were doing. It was a big one, like she had told earlier, longer than I had before and he couldn't fit in my mouth but Lauren could fit it in hers.

Then, when it was my turn again, she stopped me. 

"When it's in, try to get your tongue out a little," she said, "it will go deeper that way."

I tried and almost gagged on him. But by the fourth or fifth try, I was able to completely take it in. 

Lauren was licking his testicles and his shaft and my lips and then he said "girls, girls, wait I will not be able to hold it if you continue like that." 

"Okay" Lauren said and immediately started to make out with me and we undressed each other and then Chris.

"I'll turn the heat up," Christopher said as he got up and went to the thermostat. 

Lauren took me by my waist and placed me on the sofa and then layed me on my back on their comfortable sofa and placed herself on top of me. She was a good kisser and after a long passionate kiss while firmly kneading my tits, she slowly worked her way down making sure my nipples received the attention she wanted to give them. 

Sometimes biting, sometimes sucking them into her mouth. 

I was also feeling hers and admiring all the tiny light freckles all over her. 

She went to my stomach, placing kisses on the way down. Lower she went, making me wanting her kisses even lower. Finally she reached my pubic mount and she went on around it to my hips, my upper thighs, I opened my legs for her, longing for the next kiss. 

"Oh, Chris!" She suddenly exclaimed, "ahah, oh, yes right there" she started to move in sync with his thrusts. 

She raised her head to see me and said, "let's see how good you taste" and started kissing, licking and sucking me as she softly spreaded my labia. 

I couldn't think, I was in heaven. 

I felt she really liked it 

"Oh babe, that is so hot, seeing you eat out another girl." 

"She's tasty" she replied back, "maybe you can do what you are doing to me, to her after I have come, I'm so close." 

He pushed harder than before and I felt Lauren's head sometimes pushing into me as he did her. She wasn't paying attention to my pussy anymore sometimes she didn't lick or kiss at all. As she came closer and closer to orgasm, she sighed louder and licked less frequently. 

"Oh, yes, yes,"she panted, "oh, I'm there, take me," she said to him and went "mmmmmm, yes" still frantically trying to eat my pussy. 

"I want to feel you come" he said somewhat out of breath.

I remained laying down on my back on the sofa, my legs wide and wet from what Lauren did. 

She crawled out from between Christopher and me to let her boyfriend take me. 

He came over me and looked at me and my pussy. "You look tight," he kind of questioned. 
