 "Amy," I heard as I spun around looking for my best girlfriend. "Over here in the corner!"

I spotted Jenny jumping on the bench of a corner booth, waving frantically to be seen in the alcohol-fueled hustle of a Friday happy-hour hot spot. She made quite the scene, and certainly grabbed the attention of several attractive young men around her. You might wonder why a 26 year old young woman is jumping on a chair to be seen?? Understand that if Jenny stood tall, she MIGHT hit 5-2 and barely tips the scale at 100 pounds. Which is incredible considering she teaches an aerobics class three times a week, and is solid muscle and toned and super in-shape, and eats and drinks anything she wants. So, there she was, bouncing up and down on a booth bench in her stretchy yoga pants and crop top, long blonde ponytail flopping about, and not even her industrial-strength sports bra could keep her boobs from jumping around. So yes, all male eyes (and a few female) were glued to her. She had learned over the years how to stick out from the crowd!!

"Hey, great that you scored a booth," I said cheerfully as I pushed through the testosterone frenzy. "This place is such a zoo on a Friday. Brett's parking. So where's your fuck-toy Matt? I thought we all meeting here?"

"Matt and I broke up yesterday," Jenny said, suddenly losing her smile. "And we won't be getting back together, but I refuse to be sad. I want tonight to be fun for all of us!"

"O-M-G Jen, I am so sorry to hear that," I said in a sullen voice. "If there is ..."

"Just shut the fuck up and stop it!" Jenny laughed, cutting me off as some random guy helped her off the bench. "I am NOT going to be sad. I am going to party tonight. And as they say, the best way to forget about a man is to climb on top of another one." 

"That's the spirit," I laughed back. "Bret and I will do our part to keep you partying tonight. And from the looks of things, there is plenty of riding stock already lining up for you!!"

"Yeah, this place is dripping with big juicy sausages already, and I do plan to find me a poking buddy or two tonight!" Jenny said way too loudly. "But I need to go to the bathroom. Already had three beers, so well on my way. Hope YOUR boy gets here soon!"

Just as Jen scurried away, my boyfriend of 4 years, Brett, tapped me on the shoulder. "Did I hear Jen screaming something about getting poked?" Brett laughed. "You should have seen the guys in this area react to that!!" 

"Jen and Matt are done," I said quickly and firmly. "She wants to party and get laid."

"Oh, sorry to hear that," Brett said with a hard to contain smile. "But there is some super lucky dude out there tonight gonna get angry-break-up-sex with Jen. He body is smoking hot!"

Now I get that Jen is super hot, but I am no slouch in the looks department. Dark hair, eyes that are almost black, 5-5 and 145 pounds. And then toss in some perky 34C boobs and a nice little thigh gap, and I manage to turn heads too! 

"Hey here's your big hunk of a boyfriend," Jen shouted at Brett as she jumped to give him a big hug. "Did you hear I'm single again and out to get laid tonight??"

"Sure did," Brett said, holding onto her butt a little too long. "And you can have any guy you want tonight!! Matt never appreciated how great your were."

"I swallowed way too much to get treated like that," Jen laughed. "If I knew he was gonna dump me, I would have spit a lot more!"

"Well, Matt messed up dropping you," Brett said flatly. "He will never find another one like you."

"I want one like him," Jen said to me as she pointed toward Brett, already slurring. "I like 'em tall and toned and athletic and blonde. Like Brett. And I really need a big dick. Really, really badly. And from what you've told me, Brett here's packing a really good one. So I want a guy like you have."

"The night is young, so I bet Brett and I can help you find a guy like that," I said with a smile, and blushing a little as I looked at Brett. "But you weren't supposed to tell Brett I think he has a big penis."

"But you did tell me, several times," Jen giggled. "It's over 7 inches, really thick, curves a bit to the left when hard, and it's not circumcised."

"Oh geez, I ..."

"You even drew me a life-size picture of it one night," Jen interrupted me in tears from laughter. "I kept it and showed it to Matt. He was so fucking jealous. He said there was no way it was that big. Claimed he had seen Brett's thingy in the gym shower."

Mercifully the next round of drinks came, and we moved to a new area of conversation. Now, Jen is one of my best friends, but I can still get a little twinge of jealousy when another girl starts commenting on Brett's equipment. 

As loud as Jen was, I think every guy in this packed bar knew there was a hot drunk rebound girl at our booth. So the flood of drinks and guys just kept coming. After about an hour, none of the guys had yet to spark Jen's hormones, maybe because she got REALLY wasted. She is a tiny thing, and probably had 5 or 6 beers, and a couple shots. It was only 7, but we grabbed an Uber and we all went to Brett's place to crash.

Brett was pretty sober, so he walked to an Italian place a block away and got a ton of starchy heavy food. We all stuffed ourselves, and then crashed in Brett's living room. About 10 pm I woke up and heard the shower running, and Brett's and Jen's muted voices.

"What ya doing?" I asked softly as I leaned on the bathroom doorframe, startling Brett. He was in the bathroom, leaning against the cabinet as Jen showered. "I'm glad to see the curtain is closed, at least."

"Just keeping Jen company until you woke up," Brett said a bit sheepishly. "As soon as she's out you and I can jump in."

"There's plenty of room," Jen said as she opened the curtain a few inches and peered out. "And with the drought, we would be saving a lot of water!" Jen is not known for modesty, and she had most of one boob out for display. 

I looked at Brett, expecting him to jump in and tell Jen he would wait, but instead saw him looking at me with these huge begging eyes, still wide from seeing just one of Jen's pink nipples. I just sighed and gave a teeny nod.

Brett was trying to be cool, but it wasn't working. He did very carefully remove my clothes first, and held back the curtain like a gentleman as I stepped into the shower. But it was not MY butt he was looking at as he opened the curtain. Brett stripped in about 3 seconds, and was soon standing between me and Jen. Everybody all nakey.

We all just stood, rather awkwardly, for about 20 seconds. Nobody daring to look down. 

"Sorry Amy," Jen said smiling. "I gotta check IT out for real."

"Go for it. Right now it's as big as it gets," I said rather dryly as I looked at it. "Hope I didn't over-hype it." I grabbed a bar of soap and started lathering up my hands.

"Holy shit," Jen gasped. "I think you UNDER sized it!! You lucky bitch. That thing is PERFECT!"

"It is perfect," I said as Brett blushed. "And I like to keep it all smoothly shaved. Makes all those inches feel even better.

I moved Brett out of the water stream as my soapy hands gently cupped Brett's balls, and then slipped up his shaft, distributing the lather over his entire groin. I took a razor off the shower shelf, knelt down, and carefully shaved all around the shaft while Jen looked on breathlessly. 

"You ever shave a guys junk," I asked softly. "It is such a huge turn on for me."

"I never have," Jen almost whispered. She knelt down next to me and was looking at me as I worked the razor and check the smoothness up and down the full length. "But I want to."

"You can shave his balls," I said with a shy smile. "Just hold them firmly and shave all around them."

Brett's knees shook and wobbled, and he let out a barely audible "oh fuck."

I handed the razor to Jen, and she carefully held his sack with one hand, and worked the razor with the other. She really took her time, and seemed to enjoy doing it as much as I do.

"Is this good?" Jen asked as she set the razor on the shelf. "I am afraid I will cut Brett if I do much more."

I ran my hand around his balls and smiled. "Good job, girl," I said honestly. "Your testicle-shaving skills are excellent!"

Jen beamed. "Thanks," she said proudly. "Those balls are the perfect size for my hands!"

We stood back up, and Brett soaped up a washcloth. As Jen stood in the hot water, he carefully washed me, staring at my neck, and scrubbing every inch of me until he was kneeling and cleaning the bottom of my feet. He moved me into the water, and then re-soaped the cloth, and did the same thing to Jen. Jen and I then washed him, Jen using the washcloth, while I just used my soapy hands. 

We had been in the shower for probably 45 minutes, and we were all getting wrinkly. Brett was the first one out, and quickly dried himself. Then he took my hand, and pulled me out. He dried me with a big fluffy towel, and then jogged to this bedroom and came back with two of his dress shirts. He put one on me, and gave me a deep kiss. He then pulled Jen out, and did the same for her, but without the kiss. 

"I can't believe it is still rock hard," Jen said with awe. "And I swear it is bigger now than an hour ago."

"It's been a long day, so I will take care of it in a few minutes," I said with a sly smile. "I think Brett's gonna needs some attention soon!" He just groaned.

"Do you think it would be OK, just this once, if I helped out a little?" Jen asked in the sweetest little pathetic voice. "I will respect any limits you set for me."

Again, Brett and his painfully pathetic eyes. Silently begging me. 

"I think I just need to be with Amy," Brett said firmly but unconvincingly. "This would be quite the fantasy, but I respect and love Amy too much to do it."

"Oh fuck off," I said with a little smile. "Check and mate. You win this round."

"What do you mean?" Brett asked. "I'm serious."

"I can't take this opportunity from you," I was surprised to hear myself say. "So she can be in bed with us, but you only get to touch her. She can't touch back. At least not the important parts. Things like a back massage are ok."

"I can live with that rule," Jen said.

"Me too," Brett chimed in.

"Then let's get to bed," I said as I pulled the covers back.

"This is fucking awesome," Brett said in a rather odd high pitched voice. "I can't believe this is happening."

Brett pulled me into his arms, and held me tight as he ran his hands up and down my back. He was so incredibly hard and long that he could not press his whole body into me. Jen had taken off her shirt and stood behind Brett, massaging his back and shoulders. I directed Brett's body to a chair, and had him sit down. 

"You don't get to do this," I said to Jen with a teasing smile. "But I won't be down here that long."

I kissed his penis head, and then slowly slipped my lips fully around it. Brett's head went back as I stretched my mouth wide and started sliding it up and down his shaft, trying to get as much suction as I could on my cheeks. Jen moved to stand beside us, and then put her arms around Brett and climbed onto his lap, facing him. They kissed as his hands massaged her back and butt, and then she moaned as he rubbed her boobs, and then began sucking on her perky nipples. Her hips gyrated on him, rocking back and forth as if she was riding his cock. Brett's hands grasped the back of my head and ponytail, pushing and pulling my mouth to stroke his penis in time to her movements. 

Brett started to stand, and Jen and I did too. He led us to the open bed, and laid us both flat, face down, and he knelt in the middle between us. He massaged us, first using one hand on each of us, working slowly from our heads to our waists, and then moving to our feet, and working back up. He nudged us both to turn over, and he continued massaging, but now would do one of us for a minute, and then to do the same thing to the other. It was just incredible. I would moan as his hands explored my breasts and thighs, and then ache as I watched him do the same to Jen. Finally he put a finger in each of us and moved in and out slowly, making little circles on our g-spots. The bed rocked and squeaked as our hips reacted in unison to his finger. He pulled out, and gave us both a kiss.

Brett laid face up on the bed and smiled. "My turn," he grinned. "And don't be shy."

Both Jen and I lusted at his penis. Tall, thick, and so hard it was shiny. The top of the head glistened with precum, and it bobbed about in time to this heartbeat. I looked at Jen. "Sorry, that is my ride!" 

I straddled him, and used my hand to hold his head against my slit. I moved it back and forth as I slowed let it in, letting his precum and my wetness make it slippery. Then I started rocking back and forth, and with each motion I would let it slide in a ¼ inch deeper. Every stroke seemed like I was as stretched and as full as I could be, but the next stroke was even better. It took at least a full minute before I was doing a full stroke on his whole 7 inches and burying him deep in me. Jen looked almost sick from lust, kneeling there listening to me groan in ecstasy as Brett's gorgeous cock worked its magic in me. Once I got my fucking motion in full swing, she straddle his face, and thrust her clit toward his mouth. 

Brett's hands held onto her butt, guiding her so he could deliver his oral pleasure. She was groaning and gyrating just like I was, but no matter how good Brett's tongue felt, his dick was way better. 

Brett finally got Jen off, and she came with a deep guttural groan, and her body shook the bed as the violent pleasure shocks slammed through her body. Watching her orgasm was the final trigger for me, and I came hard, my pussy crushing onto his dick with rhythmic force, and my uncontrollable shaking adding to the ruckus the bed springs were already making.

Jen and I finished about the same time, but Brett had yet to cum, so he was pushing hard and fast into my pussy. But it was satisfied and stretched and ready to rest, so I pulled off and quickly dropped my mouth on him again. Jen joined me, and we quickly coordinated a rhythm where we ran our lips and tongue the full length of his shaft and head, and were pressing hard into it. 

His precum mixed with our saliva, and our lips raced back and forth over his rim. His dick hardened even more and his breathing became jerky and uneven. Then a small spurt of solid white semen shot out. Just a little, landing on Jen's nose. His ball sack jumped and tightened, and then he let out an animalistic "I'm cumming" as his knees jolted wider and he thrust his hips up. Jen and I kept our lip-strokes, but lightened the touch. Spurt after spurt flew from him onto his legs and thighs, and as he drained out, it dripped down his shaft and onto our lips. As the last spurts ebbed from him, I put my mouth fully over him to clean up the head and shaft, and Jen went lower and licked up his balls.

I got Brett a towel, and then we all laid down for a well-needed sleep. Brett snuggling happily between us.

I passed out hard, and not surprisingly, found myself having a pretty nice romantic dream about Brett. 

"I want you so badly" I heard him say in a low whispered voice. "I wanted to be in you since the first time I laid eyes on you tonight."

"And I ached for you all night," I murmured in response.

"You body is perfect and fits so well with mine," he breathed.

"I need to feel you inside me," I moaned back.

But then a small jolt bounced in my brain. It was Brett's voice, but the female voice in my head was not me, it was Jen's. Then a panic swelled through me. Was this really a dream?? Or was this really happening next to me??

I lay still, try to calm my breathing, and wait. Listening to hear if this was real or not. I lie there for several minutes, finally calming myself and gaining confidence it was just a too-realistic dream.

"That was close," I heard Brett whisper. "Too close."

"I'll go downstairs," Jen whispered back. "Join me when you can."

"I can't believe I am finally going to get to fuck you." Brett said softly. "It was you I was thinking of all the while I was in Amy."

So Brett had been wanting to fuck Jen all night, not me. It was her he was thinking of while I sucked him, and her that he wanted to be riding him. I wanted to shout. To let them know. To let Brett know how much that hurt. But I laid still. My pussy ached, and I could feel drops of wetness growing. The thought of Brett doing Jen was somehow exciting me. Something I wanted to happen.

They quietly slipped out of bed and headed downstairs. My head was spinning, trying to resolve all the weirdness going on around. I was hurt that that Brett wanted to be in Jen, and that he would be in her soon. But like a bad accident I had to see. So I waited until I knew they would be busy, and tiptoed to the bedroom door. I laid on the floor, and crawled just until I could peer into the downstairs. They were wasting no time.

They were on the couch, and the window filtered in just enough light from the street that they were in a romantic silhouette. Jen had her back on the seat of the couch, with her legs spread wide and above her head. Brett was standing between her legs, leaning forward so his hands could hold her legs steady against the top of the couch. Jen's hands were on his butt. His hips were moving in and out in a steady determined rhythm, and Jen's feet waved in happy response. This one probably my favorite positions with Brett. He was in total control, and he buried it all the way in.

My heart pounded in my chest as Brett steadily fucked her. There was no sound, but I knew they both were in ecstasy. I reached down and found the ache in my pussy, and let my fingers massage the hurt away. Brett slowed his pace as my fingers began circling my clit, and then I let them more aggressively stroke my hood as Brett began his final deepest plunges into her pussy. Spasms shot through me and I crunch my eyes hard to avoid making any noise. When I opened them, Brett was arched forward, head back and nearly still, as his penis emptied its stickey load into her. 

I crawled back to bed and got into the same position is I was when they left.

"What ya doing?" I asked Brett as he crawled into bed. "And where's Jen."

"I was getting a drink," he replied. "And I think I heard Amy downstairs in the kitchen."

I curled up some more, pretending to fall back to sleep, and felt the bed shake a bit as Jen climbed in. "Thank you," I heard Brett whisper ever so softly to her. The ache was back.