 Kyle weaved his lips to and fro in the summer air, pulling away at the last second and hearing Michelle's sighs around his earlobes, as she tried to latch on for a smouldering kiss. He smiled to himself, without giving it time to appear on his features. His hands gripped around her hips, allowing his fingertips to delve inside the waistband of her jeans, and discover her distinct lack of underwear. He sighed through his nostrils and held tighter.

 His eyelids squinted under the sunlight and, as he savoured the soft, bare flesh of her bum, he pushed his hips forward, reducing the strain of the erection against his jeans. He succumbed to his desires and allowed his lips brush hers. 

 They kissed deep. Using his toned arms, he hiked her higher on his thighs, hearing the bare soles of her feet lower to the bonnet of the car behind him, on which he sat. Her lips warm, moist and inviting, he teased his tongue through to taste the inside of her mouth. His eyes closed. 

 Leaning back against the hood of the car, he balanced his wife on his hips, giving him the freedom to run one hand up over her side and under her arm, to the nape of her neck. He opened his eyes for a split second, catching her gaze, and with a grunt that exploded from his lungs, he ripped open the front of her shirt. Buttons flew in every direction, dropping silently to the vibrant, green grass below. 

 Her breasts bounced, free from the material which had hidden them. She groaned into his mouth, thrusting her chest onto his. The soft, ample flesh moulded to the contours of his torso.

 His fully erect manhood surged, painful, restrained, against the tight material of his trousers, as her erect nipples scraped across his bare chest. His eyes flitted behind the closed lids, as liquescent echoes of their hungry kisses lingered all around. 

 Unable to hold back any longer, he swung his hips around, rolling his wife onto the top of the car. Before she had a chance to straighten herself, he plunged his fingers to the button of her jeans. He worked fast and without apprehension. The button opened and the zip slid down over the teeth and, as the flaps of material pulled apart, smooth flashed contrasted the denim blue. 

 He pulled the hindering article down over her hips, thighs and calves, pausing to manoeuvre the hem of each leg, past her ankles and off over her feet. His own clothing lowered in an instant, before he raced back to the reason for the throb in his groin. 

 He ran the palms of his hands up over the contours of his wife's body. Savouring every inch of warm flesh from the tips of her toes to the roundness of her breasts as they surrendered to his touch. His teeth gritted against each other, his eyes wide and alert. He dropped his hands over her belly and pubis to the insides of her thighs and pushed them apart. 

 Looking her directly in the eye, he pushed forward his pelvis and guided the bloated head of his cock against the wet folds of her pussy. Her prolonged moan, almost catching in her throat, filled his ears as he teased the entrance with his excited tip. 

 He lunged his entire length inside her wetness. Tingling all over, and gasping for breath, he watched every reaction on the face of his lover. 

 "Fuck me." She spat through grinding teeth, her hips thrusting to meet his rhythm. Fuck me hard. I want you to cum."

 He bucked his hips, thrusting for all his worth. His face contorted as the wet folds rolled over and milked the shaft of his cock. He opened his lips, but the words never formed, getting lost in the dryness of his throat. 

 "Now." Michelle pushed herself faster, against his penetration. "I want you to cum inside me now."

 Gripping his fingers tight, he clutched to the flesh of her inner thighs, pushing them wider apart around his hips. He tensed his stomach muscles and fucked harder. Faster. Harder. Faster. Harder. His breathing rasped as sweat beaded all around his face. 

 His pelvis jolted to a stop. He paused. Looking directly into his wife's eyes, he curled his lips into a smile and inhaled, loud and deep. He flexed the length of his erection inside her. With one fluid movement, he pulled back until the only the tip remained enveloped, and plunged deep into her loins. 

 His eyes danced in the sockets. The tip of his nose wrinkled and his lips stretched in silence. He grunted and groaned, loud, the sounds teeming through his teeth. Every muscle in his body tightened and flexed. His testicles twitched as they streamed their hot load through the length of his sensitive member. 

 Screaming, as pleasure exploded deep inside her belly, Michelle pushed herself up into a seated position and wrapped her arms around her husband. She wrapped her lips around his and kissed the sounds of ecstasy from his mouth. 

 The divorce papers lay crumpled on the ground by the front wheel. Forgotten.