 It was light as I walked into the small room and took a seat in the lone chair. I glanced around and found it not to be as disgusting as I thought it might have been. I was not the first customer to visit this room, and I wouldn't be the last. But for this moment in time I was the only one here and it was my room to be used as I pleased.

The full length window on the wall facing me was all that separated us - that, and the darkness that was your room. I could vaguely make out a bed, and only barely see your silhouette laying on top of it. As you sat up to shift positions I could see the outline of your form, but the details of your body remained as hidden from my view as your face. As you spoke, it became apparent to me that you were to remain my anonymous performer.

"Welcome. What's your name?" Your voice broke the silence through the speakers in my room - slightly muffled, with an electronic distortion that comes from a lower quality sound system, but still feminine and seductive in all its ways. Something in the sound of it, not the electronic translation, but in the way you spoke took hold of me and made me relax just a bit.

"Sean" I replied.

"Call me Kitty, Sean. Are you comfortable?"

The chair wasn't designed for comfort, but it was serviceable. "I'm ok" I replied. 

"Most of my customers prefer to stand. Why don't we get started?"

This was a new experience for me. I wasn't really sure how to "start." In fact, I wasn't really even sure why I was here in the first place. Sure I was looking for something different. Sure I wanted something new. My sex life had grown stagnant - stale, as my wife and I had settled into a monotonous rut. I'd stumbled across this establishment after searching the web for anonymous peep shows - thinking it would be something interesting to break the monotony of the boring nights. But the more I searched, I found this particular club to be unique among the others. Where most clubs allowed the customer to sit in darkness while the performer was well-lit, this club reversed those roles. Here, I would be the one bathed in light, while my "partner" remained hidden entirely in the shadows. Call it a fetish if you will, but the thought of being watched so closely by an anonymous stranger gave me a rush that I just had to investigate.

"Why don't you remove your clothes Sean, and let me get a good look at you."

At your request, I loosed the belt around my waist and undid the buttons on my slacks. They fell to the floor and I stood to remove them entirely. My shirt quickly followed and I felt so exposed standing there in the lighted room, in full view of you while you remained cloaked in the safety of the shadows. I could hear my heartbeat grow louder in my ears as the blood began to surge through my veins.

As I stood before you wearing only my underwear, I felt my cock grow inside its confines. The swelling became uncomfortable as the material strained to contain me. From your side of the glass you noticed my changing shape and commented. "That bulge looks nice Sean. Is that growing for me? You should release it and let me see what I have to work with."

I slipped my hands inside the waistband and pushed my undies slowly to the floor. Standing again, I was on full display for you. The light exposing me fully before you, allowing you to see me for who I am - a man, lost in the world and looking for something more than my routine activities had been able to provide. My erect cock jutted firmly from my body and still swelled as the thrill of being so exposed before you took hold of me. I didn't know how much more it would grow. This experience was foreign to me. And while I was certainly excited and felt sexually charged as never before, I could not shake the feelings of embarrassment at being on display before you so prominently. 

"Nice! You certainly are an impressive man! In fact, just looking at your well-developed body has already caused me to get a little wet and excited myself."

I stepped toward the glass, hoping to get a better view of you from a closer distance. Sadly, the darkness continued to mask you in shadows and prevented me from seeing more than your shifting silhouette. As I leaned against the glass I could see that your form was lying on the bed. Judging from the sounds and the way your shadow shifted, your hands were apparently sliding up and down your body and I could hear the faint sounds of moans and gasps as your touched yourself in your more sensitive areas. I could barely make out the movement as a hand slid down between your thighs and massaged your pussy in a slow and steady way. The light from my small room scarcely penetrated the glass, reflecting mostly back at me, but giving just enough life to the shadows on the other side where you remained playfully hidden.

The weak speakers sprang to life again...the hum of an electric toy distinguishable above the soft hiss of white noise in the sound system. A faint red light glowed through the dark - not enough to illuminate much, but bright enough to see through my glass barrier. 

"I hope you don't mind if I use my vibrator Sean. It's one of the more effective ways I pleasure myself for my customers." I could hear the sound intensify as the speed was increased and I watched with intent focus as the red light moved slowly to where I imagined your pussy to be. 

"This isn't going to take long Sean. I've been wet most of the day. I've been wanting to cum for a long time now. But none of my visitors have been appealing enough to want me finish. Seeing you remove your clothes to reveal that beautiful body and that magnificent cock has really pushed me to the verge already. Once this toy touches my clit it will only take a matter of minutes. Are you ready for that? Do you want to hear me make myself cum for you?"

The question caught me off-guard; her statements about my appearance even more so. I knew I wasn't un-attractive, but never thought of myself as someone the ladies fantasized about. I did workout...gym sessions each morning of the week to lift and run had certainly helped transform my physique from a 210-lb overweight and shapeless sponge into a svelte 165-lb muscular man with cuts and curves in desirable locations. Yet during my transformation I could not lose sight of that obese individual who I still saw in my mirror. And even as I strained to look beyond my own reflection in the glass, I could still see that pudge belly starring back at me in the reflection. Yet now this unknown muse was telling me she found me attractive and wanted to know if wanted to hear her cum for me - not just play for my pleasure and watch me climax, but she wanted to join in and enjoy her own physical release as well.

"Yes Kitty! Please make yourself cum. I want you to feel that release while you gaze at me and dream of how I would feel slipping between your thighs. I want you to imagine my touch and how it would feel for my cock to split your lips and drive deep inside."

As I watched your shadow writhe with pleasure...your hips gyrated with obvious intention, I grasped my cock in one hand as I leaned forward against the glass. My stroking intensified as I heard the sounds from your side of the glass rise and grow more intense. The sounds of your gasps and your deepening breathes became intoxicating in my ears. They drew me in and for the moment I grew lost in the sounds - "feeling" your breath on my body as I envisioned myself on your side of the glass with the heat of your body wrapped around mine. Then my carnal desire took over and my mouth took a mind of its own.

"Do you like what you see Kitty? Do you like watching me stroke my big hard cock for you? Don't you wish you could reach through this barrier and grab hold of it yourself? It feels so good in my hand - so warm, so hard, so throbbing! Its head is swelling and I can feel the cum building in my balls." 

The harder and faster I stroked, the louder your moans became. I could tell you were enjoying yourself - possibly as much as I was enjoying my own self-pleasure. "Do you wish my cock were inside you right now Kitty? I bet you would love to feel it slide between those wet lips and inch by inch slide inside your hot wet cunt. I bet once I was fully inside you and my hips came to rest against your thighs you would completely lose control of yourself. As my cock sat buried deep inside your wanting cunt I can imagine you would lose yourself and start to rock against me with everything you have."

I stroked harder and faster, listening to the moans and cries come from the darkness. I could see the light from your toy jumping wildly as your body surely must have convulsed. You were close to your own orgasm and I stood there stroking my way to my own.

"Cum for me Kitty. Let that pussy take control and tell you what to do. Let that pussy take control of your body and release your inner most desires through its engorged lips! Cum for me Kitty! Give control to your loins and cum for me hard!"

"I'm cumming Sean. Oh my god, I'm cumming. Your baby girl is cumming for you!"

I'd heard those words before. Maybe in a dream, but those words were exactly what I wanted to hear. It was too much for me to withstand and as my own pleasure reached a point of no return I felt my balls release and a surge through my shaft. My cock exploded and stream after stream of cum erupted from me as I shot load after load onto the glass. 

Spent, and sweating, I collapsed back into the chair and continued to listen to the sound of your toy; your screams now transformed into soft moans and your body now in a sensitive and tender state. I watched as my work dripped slowly down the glass. I listened as you continued to hum along with the rhythm of your wandering toy. I could tell that you were no longer stimulating your clit in the way you had done to reach that point, but you were still allowing it to linger and play with your body as the sensations would allow.

As I watched the glass and my eyes came into focus on my reflection contained within, I realized that I had not seen you at all - merely heard what you had wanted me to hear. Seeing myself sweating and weak in the chair, watching my shame slide down the glass, I was overcome with a wave of guilt. This experience had definitely been unique and in this moment of self-reflection I realized that I had been the performer for you. I had been the one on display. I had been the one baring myself for your pleasure. My exhibitionism before you was a foreign concept...never had anyone watched me in such a way. I didn't know what to say or do next. So I said the only thing that came to my mind...

"Ummm... Thank you... Kitty. Thank you for sharing this with me."

A pregnant pause from your side of the glass gave rise to my fear. Did I say the wrong thing? What was the proper thing to say at such a moment? Was I supposed to thank you or were you supposed to thank me? It was all so confusing and I didn't know what to do next. My anxiety grew in the silence and I started to reach for my clothes to cover my shame. Then, the silence broke...

"Thank YOU Sean. When you walked in that door I watched as you moved to the chair. I thought to myself you weren't bad looking, but still viewed you as simply another customer. But I have to be honest...most of my customers are not as physically appealing as you. I truly did imagine what it would be like to have you touch me. As you removed your clothes, I was drawn in by your physique. You really do have an amazing body and I found myself thinking how good it would feel to press up against it and feel it move above me. I don't let this happen to me often, but I allowed myself to think of you touching me while I played. I allowed myself to "feel" you from the other side of the glass. I allowed you to enter my thoughts as my vibrator brought my body close to release and when you spoke to me in such a dominating way, I found myself completely engrossed in you. I don't usually do this...but I think I really would like to feel your body in person."

With that being said, I heard a locked door click, and the barrier between our two rooms was breached. As you walked into my small lighted room, I gazed in amazement at the beauty that stood before me. My mind blanked...only one word came into focus...PERFECTION! As I watched your hand reach out toward me, my heart rose high in my chest...pounding hard and fast...feeling as though it would burst from my chest. And as if you could sense that imminent explosion, your palm came to rest directly over its beating encasement. Your hand made contact with my quivering chest. Your warm and tender palm pressed firmly against my breast...as if willing my heart to slow and remain safely tucked away. I closed my eyes, breathed deep, and heaved against your hand...and that's when I felt it...

Something felt different. I couldn't quite explain it. Something about this moment wasn't the same. My eyes snapped open, but only darkness greeted them. Had you turned off the light? Did I pass out? My mind was disoriented, a total oblivious gel. It took a couple of seconds for me to realize what was happening...it had all been a dream. Nothing about this had been real. But why then did I still feel the hand on my chest. I glanced down...the hand was there. My head darted to the right as I heard the soft sensual moans that had first come from beyond the glass. In the darkness, through the shadows, with my mind clearing to understand this moment I realized what was going on. Yes, this had all been a dream, but you were lying beside me. You were here in my bed. And in the night, your own dreams had taken hold and your body was responding in physical ways still.

I watched for a moment. Listened. Felt. Your hand on my chest was wandering. It trailed gently up and down my torso...squeezing my breasts, scraping softly across my abdomen, and reaching for my cock. As your fingers found their intended target, I felt how hard I was. For the first time since my mind had snapped back to reality I noticed that my cock was raging, partly from your touch...partly from my dream...but all of it begged for you. My hand reached down to join yours. As I found it, I noticed the wetness pooling all about. Your fingers were covered. Was that from me? Had I cum in my sleep? I hadn't had a dream so vivid since I was in my 20s, did I just have one again? I was wet, I was dripping pre-cum for you, but it wasn't all me.

I rolled slightly toward you, positioning myself to better observe your actions. And as I drew down the covers I watched as your gyrating hips came into view. Your moans grew slightly louder and more pronounced. They rung in my ears like distant bells celebrating the approach of a new year.

My excitement grew as I watched your fingers work between your thighs. They moved gently yet deliberately as your lips swelled to your touch. The sound of your soft cries broke as I heard the folds of your lips moisten and drip against your delicate fingers. And as those fingers disappeared inside, they returned to view coated in the juices of your desperate desires. I had never seen you so wet before. Your passion was at a point not previously seen. And as your left hand started to stroke and tug on my full cock, I knew that even in your half-sleep, your body wanted me in that moment.

Your legs spread open. Your fingers had forced them to do so. With your hand pulling me into position, I rolled over and followed your direction. Climbing between your open legs, I simply followed your moves. Your hand lined my cock to your wet and waiting opening. Then as your fingers moved out of the way, I took the lead. My hand joined yours on my raging shaft. My own head throbbing as I drew closer and felt the heat from your body. And as your clit made contact with my cock, I felt it swelling with want. We gently rubbed my swollen hardness between your lips...up and down, allowing them to part and welcome my head between their soft velvety tenderness. My own wetness provided the initial lubricant, but as your lips opened to receive me, your building anticipation provided the rest. Gently and slowly I slid into you...inch by inch - not wanting to startle you, but to give your body its full desire. And as my welcomed invasion neared its full completion your lips opened wide with approval and the soft distant ringing of the bells was replaced with the roar of a jet engine preparing for takeoff.

Your hands reached my waist...resting on my hips momentarily, then reaching behind as your body lurched into me. When your hands found my buttocks and squeezed them hard, your hips slammed against my own and we were joined tighter and more fully than ever before. From my vantage point I had a perfect view of your face and body writhing beneath me. It was alive...awake...full of the passion that I had seen in my dream a mere moments before. But this was no dream. This was flesh and blood. This was physical touch...reality...and as I looked at your face burning back in the night I saw the fire burning in your eyes. They were opened wide. I don't know at what point you had woke from your own imagined pleasures, but we were both feeling the reality of this moment. And the look in your eyes told me that you wanted more.

Fighting against the pull of your hands, I managed to free myself enough to begin the piston-like motion that your pussy demanded. Slow at first, but increasing my pace as your grip subsided. Your hands remained gently on my hips as I rocked in time with yours. Our synchronization only took a second to come to fruition, and with each plunge the sound of your wetness receiving me was drown only by the roar of your vocal approvals. My arms wrapped around your shoulders, pulling you harder into me. And as my thrusts reached a fevered pace I felt your spasms begin. As your body began to shiver, I thrust deep and hard one final time and held fast - allowing the fullness of my erection to fill you as your walls tightened and grabbed at its full length. Your cries reached a decibel level previously unknown. And as your lips found mine to muffle the screams, I felt the expulsion of your liquid desires run down my shaft and cover my balls with complete approval. You were cumming - hard and fast. You were cumming and every part of my body knew it as it happened.

Spent...you collapsed. Unable to move, you lay there as I hovered above. The smile on your face, the sweat covering your body, the pounding of your chest as your own heart threatened to break free all signified to me your satiated approval. I resumed my rocking - slow and smooth once more. Your tender pussy was on fire. The heat surrounding me was intense. The wetness allowed me to glide effortlessly back and forth. And as my angle changed ever so slightly, the contact with your hyper-sensitive clit sent chills up your spine. Only a few more strokes were needed. My own passion had been building since my dream-state. Your hands had only exacerbated that sensation, but entering you and feeling your body respond to me was the climactic moment. Once more slowly, then once hard and deep...and then my own explosion took over. I held myself hard against you; your hands reached around to my buttocks once more and pulling me firmly against your hips. And as my cock released its full load of white creamy love, I flooded your most remote recesses...filling you completely...giving you all of me in a way that only you can command.

Spent, I collapsed on you - my head on your chest, the sweat of our bodies mingling. I looked up at you. Our eyes love-locking the way our bodies had just done. And as I lay there on top of you, our eyes continued to make love the way our bodies could no longer continue.

Minutes later, with smiles permanently etched on our two faces, I rose up. Hovering above you once more and gazing lovingly at you like a love-sick teen.
