 My coochie yearned for his dick. She needed to be petted and in my mind, he would be the most suitable candidate. Deron was my car detailer. We flirted constantly. I thought about fucking him every moment of the day. I'll be in the grocery store, in a meeting, working out, and even when I ran Mr. Bigg up in me, every night. Deron's biceps were nice and thick. He had the sexiest lips and his many tattoos were a turn on. Deron wasn't model sexy; he was a bad boy, roughneck sexy. 

The day we met, I was on my way to Philly to a wedding, and I wanted to make sure my ride was looking good before I picked up my sister and her kids. I rode down High Street looking for a car wash, hand wash; anything to get the job done. After searching for what seemed like hours, I pulled into Mr. Bubbles Detailing and parked. There he was, Deron walked over to me with his doo-rag on and wet wife beater. His walk was mean; I noticed his sexy lips right away.

When he got to my car, I rolled the windows down I asked him how much for in and out job, he replied "what you tryin' to give me." I knew right then and there, he was a big flirt. I told him, five dollars, he laughed. He asked me to step outside the car, and when I did, he said "surely the ride is worth more than five," I laughed and I replied "you don't have enough money for this." I walked over to the raggedy picnic chair and watched for forty-five minutes the most intoxicating vision I had seen in a very long time and my car never looked so good.

Every Tuesday, I go get my car detailed just so I can see Deron. He flirts; I flirt back but never brave enough to make a move. I wanted more than just an adjustment from Mr. Bigg, I wanted Deron, but last night it did the job. I imagined Deron eating my pussy and loving it. He took the scenic route, kissing my breast, swallowing each nipple, licking my crease, lower and lower, making his way to my belly button, his tongue darting in and out, till he found the destination, my pearl. The throbbing sensation I felt every time he swirled his tongue around it. I was in a dream I hoped would never end. I could only wish the real thing was so good.

As I headed down High Street to Mr. Bubbles, I didn't see Deron. Where could my lover be? I pulled in and asked where was he, no one knew and rather than trust another person to my vehicle, I drove away disappointed. As I drove down Chestnut Avenue, I saw a lot of guys on the Ave, kicking it, but no Deron. I decided to carry my horny ass home, when I spotted him in front of a corner store. I sat at the light, watching him. He was fine. I swung my BMW over to the right and sat. I wanted to see if he notices me, which he did. He waved me over. 

"Hey pretty lady, what you doing over here? You looking for me?" He asked as he leaned into the window. I wanted to lie but he could see it in my eyes, I was hungry for him.

"Maybe I was and what?" I asked. 

"Let me in," he replied. I hit the power locks and Deron got in. 

"Where, we going Ma?" He asked. 

"To my house," I replied. He waved bye to his boys and I drove off. His cologne was giving me fever; I couldn't believe he was in my car. I drove straight to Chesapeake down Battlefield Boulevard. He was quiet as a church mouse until we pulled into my driveway. I asked him to come in. As soon as we walked in, he grabbed my hand and pulled me close to him. He ordered me to kiss him. I was such a slut but I wanted this to go down; badly. I locked my door and pulled him over to my staircase. I sat on his lap, swallowing every inch of his tongue. I pulled his shirt off, revealing his "Ride or Die" tattoo across his chest. 

He turned me over, ordering me to spread my legs open. He pulled my skirt up and pulled my panties down as he stuck his fingers into my pussy. I could feel the sweet pressure of his fingers at my "G spot." He then began to get on his knees and began licking and eating my ass. I couldn't resist moaning in pure pleasure. I held onto the banister as he ate my pussy from behind. I arched my ass up even more. I moaned for him to fuck me. He pulled his pants down and his dick poked straight through his boxers. It wanted this pussy. He stuck him in, ramming my pussy hard. Deron grabbed the back of my hair, twisting it in his hands as he pounded my pussy even harder. All I heard was the slaps from my ass hitting his thighs and the grunting noises from our powerful sexscapade. He was giving it to me good. He shouted for me to throw the ass back, and when I did, he moaned louder.

It must have been getting good to him; he pulled out of me and told me to suck his dick. I got on my knees and pushed his dick in my mouth. I spit on it, rubbing my saliva all over it, teasing it, pushing it in down to the balls and then back up. I wanted to show him I was no amateur when it came to dick sucking. I licked the shaft, slurping all my juices up, and then releasing them again. He told me I was good, demanding me to deep-throat it again as he held my hair tighter. I pushed my mouth all the way down and held it there, taking my tongue licking the sides of it, then letting my spit dribble out, then back up again. He watched the whole ordeal, I felt his thighs tightened up, he was ready for some hand and mouth action. I stuck my tongue in his shaft as I moved my hands around his dick counter clockwise at the same time. 

I told him to fuck my mouth; he did as he exploded inside. I swallowed his cum as he pulled up his pants. Deron asked if I had a bucket, I was bewildered by the request but he added it is Tuesday and I always wash your car on Tuesday's.