 The sound of a key in the lock made her jump out of her skin. Fai had been sitting on the bed for something between five minutes and fifty years, those eyes dancing before her, their look penetrating her soul. Her husband had returned, full of bluster and petty gossip from the office. He prattled on about a world she only knew about through him (her part-time job as a hotel receptionist was apparently a far cry from the mysterious microcosm of male interaction, idiosyncratic politics and indecipherable jargon that was his IT department) as he slid off his shoes and tugged off his tie. Thus divested of the trammels of work he collapsed on the bed beside her, barely noticing her silence. He ran an experimental finger up her spine and only when she flinched at his touch did he realise something was wrong. 

Over the last few months she'd seduced him minutes after he walked through the door. Where before she had been shy about her desire and sometimes seemed to avoid sex with him, now she was insatiable. It was like some animal had been awakened in her and he'd no idea what had prompted it, didn't really want to know if he was honest, was just glad that she now felt confident to express her love for him physically. When their bodies joined he felt so close to her, could whisper things in the heat of passion that he struggled to put into words in the cold light of the everyday. Making love transported them to another world, every time was something new and beautiful. Sex had gone from a tension-filled rutting, the pants and slight moans harmonized by the bang of the headboard against the wall, to something almost awe-inspiring. It had been like walking for so long through a dark tunnel only to find you've stepped out into the warmth of bright sunshine and have found yourself standing on a cliff overlooking a breathtaking view. It felt free and tinged with the divine.

But now something was wrong. He could feel the tension radiating from her and the image of that divine world they had discovered flickered in his mind's eye and threatened to crumble. He had to fix this, now.

A hand he hoped felt firm and reassuring rubbed her back and, lowering his voice to a level sonorous with sympathy, he asked her what was wrong. When his concern was met with silence the chill of panic began to rise in his gut. He gathered her long hair in his hand and coiled the sleek, black rope around his wrist, a seasoned gesture that followed them back to the early days of their relationship. With tender lips he kissed her exposed neck and again murmured his concerns into the vulnerable skin. Again he received no answer so, using her hair as a marionette string, he moved her head until she was facing him. He could tell straight away that her eyes didn't see him. She was looking at something or someone else and that image was not something she would be sharing with him. That icy feeling tightened in his belly and, not knowing what else to do, he leaned in and kissed her. He felt relief when she kissed him back but it was a blind kiss, disconnected. Gripping the coil of her hair so it pulled at the roots he kissed her more passionately. She opened her mouth and obediently allowed his tongue to caress hers. He pushed himself into her body, hoping the contact might thaw her and bring her back to him. It was an automotive response he could tell but she wrapped her arms around him and let him pull her close. Still kissing her with searching lips he laid her down gently on the bed and stretched her arms above her head. He pulled away to gaze down at her pinned beneath him. She was so beautiful, so sad and, despite the panic that permeated his body he felt himself becoming aroused. 

As his appetite grew he began to slowly unbutton her shirt. She closed her unseeing her eyes and inhaled deeply. Wherever she was now he got the feeling that his touch was still getting through to her. He peeled off the thin fabric, sliding it down over her arms, and revealed her small, pert breasts. Through the flimsy netting of her lurid pink bra he sought out her nipples, gripping one in his teeth and pulling on it hard. She let out a tight gasp that made his cock twitch and prompted him to swiftly release her breast and begin licking and sucking until it stood out, pink and tumescent. He unhooked the bra with difficulty, it was a skill he'd never got the hang of, and dropped it unceremoniously on the floor. His lust began to consume him as, feverishly, he descended on the other breast bestowing on it the same treatment. She had such sensitive nipples, a discovery that had delighted him when they first met, which he now manipulated to his advantage. She was moving beneath him now, her breath ragged in his ear and punctuated by occasional soft moans. Her eyes were still closed but she opened her thighs for him, drawing him close to her. He kissed her chest, her collar bone and nibbled at her ear as her hand moved his decisively to her nipple. He rolled it between his fingers and pushed his erection against the dampening cotton of her knickers. She let out a low moan and he felt elated. He really was getting through to her.

Moving his lips down her body he tugged off her rucked-up skirt. His kisses tattooed her stomach and she writhed in time to his administrations. He hooked two fingers inside the waistband of her knickers and slowly, teasingly pulled them off. The smell of her sex sent even more blood rushing to his cock, a flush of success. He spread her thighs wide and she whimpered with longing. He could give in now and taste the evidence of his hard work but he wanted to push her further, to give her as much as he could. He ran his tongue up the tender flesh of her inside thigh and she squirmed and cried out. Unexpectedly her hand gripped him by the hair and she tried to pull him towards the source of her acute need. Gently he removed her hand and pinned it by her side before running his tongue up the other thigh. Her moans were becoming more desperate and it took all his strength of will to keep at his work, kissing, licking, teasing. The sounds she made were incomprehensible, animal utterances and he knew she was completely lost to her desire. She wriggled restlessly on the sheets, her cunt turgid and climacteric; juicy and wantonly splayed for him.  He couldn't resist any longer.

The cry she let out as his tongue flickered over her swollen clit rang through his body. He was doing this to her, he was giving her this intense pleasure, those cries were for him. He licked and sucked, gently grazing with his teeth before circling, sweeping. Her fingers were once again in his hair, pushing him into her sex. She ground her cunt against his mouth, bucking and keening at his touch. Skillfully he slid a finger into her soaking hole and began to move it in and out. She spread her thighs as wide as possible to allow a second finger in to join the first. He sought out her g-spot, the way she had taught him to do, and massaged it, coaxing her towards the edge.

Fai could feel it building deep inside her. Already the intensity was making her light-headed. Fireworks burst behind her closed eyes as her husband's tongue continued its incessant caress. Her muscles fluttered around his fingers as it began to move through her body and then clenched tight as it swelled, crested. There, at the meridian of her orgasm she saw her, the woman. Now it was her eyes that were transfixed on Fai, it was her drinking in her pleasure. She saw Fai's body shaking, heard her cry of pure ecstasy as she surfed the tidal wave of her climax. She came so hard, the juices flowing from her cunt and her husband carefully, lovingly and almost hungrily licked her thighs clean as satisfaction radiated through her body. When she opened her eyes the woman's gaze had released its hold on her. All she saw was her husband, his face soaked, his eyes filled with lust.

In one swift movement she had him on his back, her mouth crushing his as she fought to remove all of his clothes at once. When she had him stripped beneath her, pinned between her thighs she sat back to look at him. He was so handsome and so turned on. She took his stiff cock in her hand and slowly, never breaking eye-contact with him, lowered herself onto it. He let out a guttural moan as she her heat and wetness engulfed him and she knew he wouldn't last long. Throwing back her hair and reaching her arms above her head to show off her breasts she began to ride him. Slowly at first, grinding herself against him but soon his fingers were digging deep into her thighs and he was begging her to move faster. His cock felt incredible inside her, seemed to be harder than it had ever been and once again she felt an orgasm beginning to build. He was arching his back beneath her and she ground herself harder against him. Their moans matched each other in volume and, through a haze of pleasure she saw the whites of his eyes as his head jerked back and he flooded her with his seed.

She collapsed beside him, her body still shaking and he grabbed her roughly and pulled her tight against his panting chest. He whispered that he loved her and she held his hand tight and promised that she felt the same. As she felt him drifting into blissful slumber, still trapped in his embrace, she looked across to the window and realised with a smile that a gap remained between the cream-coloured curtains, just wide enough for someone to look through.