 A tear rolled down her cheek. She stared for a long moment. Another tear fell, then another. Then it was like rain. She remained silent. 

I was at a loss, unable to discern her emotions. I began to think I had, once again, said the wrong thing at the wrong time. All through my life I seemed to have had a knack for it. An inappropriate joke when I should have been serious, or serious when I should have just laughed and let it go. I began to feel that familiar pain, that pain that accompanies the heart being torn apart.

*****

It was our first real vacation together. We had been seeing each other for nearly a year and while we had spent many nights together and a weekend here and there this was the first time we had a chance to be together for an extended period of time. I was nervous at first. Could we spend that much time in constant contact without hating each other? Would I get on her nerves? For weeks before I wracked my brain searching for bad habits. Studying everything I did, trying to find the slightest thing that would turn her away. Finally I realized if she loved me those things would mean nothing, and if she had flaws they were already lost to me.

Our week together had been perfect. We flew to St. Thomas, where I had booked a condo on the backside of the island overlooking Magen's Bay. Between the beach, snorkeling, tours and all the resorts amenities we stayed pretty busy, never leaving each other's side. And making love anywhere and anytime we could get away with it..

Now on our last night here, I knew it was time to make that final commitment. We went to dinner at The Petite Pump Room in Charlotte Amalie, where I requested a quiet booth in the corner. During dinner she snuck her hand into the pocket of my slacks, caressing and squeezing my excited manhood through the cloth of my pocket. I looked her in the eyes and whispered, "What you are looking for is not in there."

She looked confused, "Oh, I'm pretty sure I want this."

"I'm sure you do but there is something else for you in my shirt pocket."

She continued her ministrations while looking even more confused. I repeated, "What you are looking for is not in there." 

She tugged her hand out of my pocket. And sat there for a moment, simply staring at me. Her hand went to my left breast pocket and slipped inside, her curious stare transformed into an expression of genuine shock. Her jaw dropped, mouth agape she slowly retrieved the ring from my pocket and sat staring at it. That's when the tears began to fall.

She raised her head, looking me straight in the eyes and whispered a single word.

My heart seemed to register it before my brain could process her answer. The self-induced damage immediately fused and I felt absolutely blissful. There was applause from all around me, other patrons signaling their approval. Patricia threw herself at me, wrapping her arms around my neck and kissing me deeply. Her cheek slid over mine and I felt another tear fall where our cheeks pressed together. I am unsure if it was hers or mine, perhaps both. I know my own tears began to fall when she repeated her answer in my ear.

"Yes."

There was no sense attempting to finish our meal, we were both too overwhelmed to eat. I paid the bill, left a generous tip and we left to another round of applause.

Taking my hand in hers she led me through the lot, past the rental car and onto the beach. The late fall sunset here is always spectacular. Tonight the overcast sky amplified the color ten fold. We kicked off our shoes and began walking along the cool wet sand at he edge of the surfs reach. She put her arm around my back and held me tight as we walked. I returned in kind and she laid her head on my shoulder as we strolled.

It was nearly dark when we reached the point at the mouth of the harbor. Crabs, chased by the surf, skittered up the beach. As we turned back she stopped me. Looking deeply into my eyes she was silent. I opened my mouth to speak but she quickly covered it with her hand. She gazed at the ring on her finger. I kissed her palm and she replaced her hand with her lips.

I felt a drop of something wet on my cheek. Not a tear, it was cold. Then there was another and the shower began. Thunder rolled in the distance, and a jagged steak split the darkness far out over the water. Patricia looked up at the sky and laughed. She loved the rain and a thunderstorm was heaven.

She kissed me again; a wry smile curled her lips. She took my hands and danced around me in a circle, giggling, her wet dress clinging to her as the rain came down harder. Dizzy, we both fell on the wet sand, kissing and laughing.

Straddling me, she looked down into my eyes, her face drawn with desperate longing. She began quickly unbuttoning my shirt, I started to protest but she again covered my mouth.

"No more words tonight. You have already said all I ever needed to know."

She leaned down kissing me lightly on the lips, I caught her as she started to sit up, pulling her back down and kissing her deeply. She pulled away slightly and smiled, I knew there was no arguing.

Lightning flashed again, closer, the wind driving the chilly rain hard against our skin. She pulled her dress over her head, shaking out her long dark hair as she dropped the wet garment on the ground. Cold rain poured down her bare breasts dripping off her aroused nipples. I couldn't resist taking a drink. Sitting up I cupped her breasts in my hands and teased her nipples with my tongue. My hands, covered in wet sand, dragged down the smooth skin leaving a gritty trail that the rain slowly washed away.

She slid back, grinding her crotch on my still covered erection, sending chills up my spine. I fell back as she moved farther down my legs, reaching for the buckle on my belt. Deftly opening my jeans she reached inside as another flash of lightning lit the sky. Thunder rumbled and I felt a tingling throughout my body, whether from her touch or the reaching electricity of the storm I did not know. Nor did I care.

She slipped down to my ankles, pulling my jeans and briefs with her. I pulled my feet back and she removed them, tossing them carelessly to the side. Even the cold drops of rain pouring down on me could not deter my desire, nor hers. It seemed, in fact, to drive us on. She bowed forward at the hips, again taking my manhood in her hands. I shivered and rolled my head back on the sand as the heat of her mouth encompassed me. Her tongue licked back and forth along the underside of my glans, causing me to tense at the sensations coursing through me. She pulled away momentarily, her long, wet tresses dragging across my skin, allowing me to relax slightly before engulfing me again. I could feel her throat contracting around the head as she gulped.

Another flash of lightning split the air, the tingling stronger this time, as she crawled back to my lips, dragging her hardened nipples up my belly. She sucked at my lips as I rolled, taking her onto her back. Kneeling between her open thighs I rubbed my hand over her belly and down to her steaming sex. Her body jerked as my thumb brushed over her swollen clit, the pouring rain splashed on her skin as her throaty cry coerced my yearning. Her hips rocked upwards, imploring me to fill her. I obliged, lifting her hips to me, I rubbed the head at her slit, teasing as she begged me.

A small jolt of electricity from anther bolt of lightning surged through us, our bodies crashed together as our muscles tightened from the shock. Now adrenaline took over, our hips quickly found a common rhythm, gaining power and speed to a ferocious song of wind and thunder. I bent down kissing at her breasts as her hips gyrated against me. Her hands dug into the sand, screaming her pleasure above the din of the storm. My legs kicked out straight as another bolt of lightning wracked our bodies. Falling heavily on her my hips impacted hers again, shaking her. 

Her arms wrapped around my neck, rubbing sand across my shoulders our bodies continued, increasing the tempo. I kissed hotly on the nape of her neck, feeling the contrast of cold rain on my back and her warm flesh under me. She gasped, her body twitching as she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me hard into her. Wind driven waves lapped coldly at out feet. My legs tensed as I felt the rush of my orgasm, her own telltale shudders giving announcement of her own.

She cried out, as another blast of lightning ripped through us, our bodies tensed and frozen as nerves jangled from the mix of electricity from rapture and nature.

Lying tangled and senseless, our hearts pounding and breathing ragged, the storm quickly blew over. It was some time before either of us had the strength to move. The clouds parted and the stars lit the beach as we gathered ourselves and walked, exhausted to the car.

Our friends often comment that they are surprised by our loving, blissful relationship. Telling us often that they don't see the storms in our marriage that others seem to endure.

We simply smile at them.