 Lightning cracked, and crashed, lighting up the night sky overhead, instantly followed by the deafening roar of thunder. The wind blew through the trees with strong gales, bending most if not all sideways. Various pieces of debris, papers, plastic cups, aluminum cans, all were being carried into the sky before being tossed into the distance. 

They ran as fast as they could. They stayed too long and now sprinted in the hopes of getting to some shelter before the rain started. But it was too late. First a drop, then two, three, until the clouds opened up. The torrential downpour had them soaked within seconds, lightning and thunder still crashing in the distance. Stopping, they both stared into the clouds, vision blocked by rain, then glanced at their sopping wet clothes, before locking eyes with each other.

The young man shrugged, a large smile crossing his face, then promptly tore his shirt off and let out a bellow of joy and laughter. She quickly followed suit, twirling around and jumping as high as she could. Before they knew it they were splashing each other with the puddles that quickly formed on the concrete path and park bench. 

The storm showed no signs of stopping, and the two quickly found themselves wrapped in each other's arms, lips locked in a passionate embrace. She jumped, wrapping her legs around his waist, and he swiftly supported her with an arm around her back, and his other underneath her hips. Her tongue slid into his mouth, met by his in similarly eager passion. Another crash of thunder sounded in the distance as their bodies, slick with the rain, fought for friction with each other. 

He carried her to the bench, and kneeling so sat her upon it. Grabbing her pants at the waistline, they slid away easily, and his fell off in similar fashion. Without waiting he plunged inside of her, foregoing gentle slowness for raw speed and power. Her back arched, eyes wide as they gazed towards the heavens. She saw the next flash of lightning crackle overhead, the rain glowing as it shined through, the sight seemingly even more powerful due to the pleasure she was feeling. Her arms wrapped around his head, fingers clutching his skin. Her slightly painful grip only excited him more, and he thrust into her harder, faster.

She was screaming now, her voice rising over the sound of the rain, thunder, and wind combined. The strong gusts of wind had not let up, and they blew the rain into their sides with the stinging force of small pebbles. It might as well have been feathers for all the effect it had on them. Their fucking did not cease, attention focused completely on the other. Wild horses could not have dragged them apart, and from the force of their movements, one could suspect they were powered by a team of wild horses.

His groans were lost inside her chest, as he picked her up and rammed her in his arms. She tightened her grip, wrapping her arms around his back, the wet droplets making it incredibly difficult for her to hold on. As his legs picked up speed so did his grunts and groans, eyes closed as he concentrated on his task. Before long he was forced to lay her on the bench, and grip the back of it for stability, never stopping his relentless thrusting.

She spread her legs wide, and once more looked skyward, the rain mixing with her own juices, and creating the best lubricant Mother Nature could provide. Her body tensed and jerked upward as she came, another flash of lightning followed by thunder much closer than the last. Still, he did not stop, and his fucking, combined with the storm raging around them, brought her a second orgasm right behind the first. Leaning down he placed his lips to hers, and their tongues embraced each other. His own orgasm finally came, and it ripped through him as the lightning did the sky. He roared with the thunder, as another bolt of lightning struck the tree to their right, only a hundred feet away. Their gazes shot right, as the tree collapsed to the earth with a bone shaking crash. Panting with exhaustion, they stared into each other's eyes. He was still carrying her, and she met his lips again, albeit for a much shorter time than before. They quickly dressed, and sprinted for home.

When they arrived in their front hallway, no time was wasted. He pushed her against the wall, and held her hands above her head. Wrapping his mouth around her neck, she moaned in ecstasy. Their clothes were off in moments, and he was back inside of her, fucking her against the wall. Using the wall as support he wrapped his right hand around her neck, using his left to grab her ass. Once again she found her legs around his waist, deciding that this would be her favorite position from now on. He came to a similar conclusion in his own mind. 

Her juices spilled on the floor, flowing out of her with a fresh orgasm. More thunder bellowed its roar, and their eyes locked. Picking her up in both arms, he carried her out the back door and laid her down in the middle of the yard. Fucking her so hard that they sank into the moist earth, she dug her nails into his back, drawing blood that was quickly washed away by the falling rain. Still pouring, it matched their mood. Vehement, passionate, forceful. Slamming into the ground almost as hard as he was into her. Their bodies rocked with force, she clenched around him as he pulsed inside of her. They climaxed together, and continued fucking through the pleasure of the orgasm, bringing another to follow behind the first. His roars, her screams, when combined they put the thunder to shame, and the lightning was humbled in comparison to their passion. 

They now lay on their sides, holding each other and caressing their bare skin. The storm has calmed, and a gentle rain washes over them, tenderly caring for their heated, exhausted bodies. In their current state, any passerby might have mistaken them for Adam and Eve. When the rain stop and the sun begins to shine, they rise to go back inside. But not before they both catch sight of a beautiful double rainbow, right above their house.