 The thunder crashed around your house. The lightning raged, the flashes coming so fast at times, that it seemed like daylight. The wind howled over the ocean, whipping the waves into a foamy frenzy. They seemed so far away, because of the noise of the thunder.

You focus on your book, on the wine in your hand hoping to distract yourself from the discomfort you feel in the storm. It's working, but only partially.

Then, from nowhere, a massive gust of wind blew your front door open. You sighed, put down your glass of chardonnay, set your book on the end of the sofa, and got up to close it. 

The lightning flashed, and you see a shape in the darkness. At first the outline of the man shocks you, a sensation of fear tingles down your spine. The shape steps forward, and instinctively you begin to slam the door. 

"There's no need for that,love," the shape says. You instantly know my voice, the confident, powerful tone of it filling you with warmth.

"Oh my..." you gasp and run into my arms. The rain begins to soak quickly through your robe.

"There's no sense both of us getting wet," i say with a wicked smile. You take my hand and lead me inside, and lead me into the laundry room. You toss a pair of boxers and a tshirt in to me, trying hard, but still failing, not to look.

I smile wickedly, the skin tight around my freshly shaved balls, my cock already beginning to harden. "Just a moment dear. I'll be right out," I call to you.

The rain rages on outside, the pattering it against the glass window of your upstairs balcony almost as fast as the pounding in your heart, in your pussy.

I walk up to the bedroom, and lay down beside you, my body totally encasing yours, wrapping you in the safety and warmth of me. "I know you don't like these storms dear, but i'll show you how much fun they can be."

My hand travels lightly between the folds of your robe, finding your nipple and pinching it gently. You moan lightly and lean in for a kiss. Our lips touch first, parting ever so slowly, allowing tongues to tease, to slowly lick around the outside of your teeth, gently but firmly tasting you.

I get up off the bed, pulling you along with me. I lead you down the stairs, pausing only to grab a blanket. I drag you along with me, across the road and over the dunes, onto the beach. I spread the blanket out on the sand, and lay in the rain, luxuriating in the feel of it hitting my legs, soaking through the tshirt. 

I feel your eyes on me as i soak in the power of the storm, feeling it wash over me, as i feel your look. The desire, and the love in your eyes causes my cock to swell again as soon as i look at you. The rain soaked boxers hide nothing from your view.

You see me there, swiftly getting ready for you, and remove the robe. Dropping it to the blanket, you roll on top of me and press yourself into me. Gently grinding your shaved pussy against my totally hard cock causes me to moan.

Your lips lock over mine to savor my moan. We kiss, feeling the wind raze our bodies, the rain pelting your exposed back, the thunder crashing behind us.

You reach down, pulling the tshirt over my head, and quickly slide your hand down over my cock. Rubbing me gently through the boxers, you take one of my nipples into your teeth, biting down on it, and pulling it a bit. I feel your tongue flick across it, teasing me with your tongue. 

You look up at me, and smile evilly, your teeth still holding my nipple. I push against your hand in approval at how we look.

Your tongue slides slowly down my chest, teasing the curly red hair that's there. Working slowly down my stomach, i can feel your hand working faster, then suddenly releasing.

I see you still looking up at me, your eyes never leaving mine, as you grab the bottom of the boxers with your teeth and pull them slowly down my legs. I smile down at you, before closing my eyes to savor you.

I feel your lips working their way slowly up my leg, kissing, licking, nibbling, as you tease closer to what you want.

Your mouth closes slowly over my ball, sucking it into you, slowly licking the smooth skin, tasting it and working your perfect lips around it. With a pop, you let it out, and work the other. Your fingers begin stroking my cock, thick and rigid under your touch.

I feel your tongue lick up the vein, slowly tasting me, and flicking your lips ever so lightly around the head. Your tongue darts around the head of my cock, ever so slowly working your mouth's lubrication onto it. As quickly as you can lick, the rain washes it away, and you just take all of me into your mouth. You begin bobbing your mouth up and down on me, sucking deeply with each stroke, teasing carefully around the head and the slit of my cock.

My breathing becomes shallow and ragged under your incredible attentions. I can feel your fingers wrapping around my balls, slowly kneading and massaging my balls. I moan at your talented mouth, and fight the urge to just start fucking your mouth. I want to feel your pace, your speed, your wants.

Your head continues to dance over my cock, your fingers working my balls ever so slowly, massaging them in your hands, and then gently, slowly raking the very tip of your fingernails across them.

I cry out to the night, "I'm going to cum!"

You suck harder, working your mouth faster and faster over me, the lightning flashes, the report of a thunderclap slams over us, and i cum, shooting deeply into your mouth, watching as you drink me in, savoring the flavor in you.

You slide slowly up my body, kissing me all the way up, until your lips find mine, and close over them. The kiss still tastes of the slight saltiness of my cum.

"Now, it's your turn dear," you say with a wicked grin, pushing me down your sexy body.

I comply willingly, slowly licking down your neck, nibbling on it. Pausing at your perky breasts, i start by licking the underside, admiring how they stand straight up, tightly supported by your muscles. I lick around to your nipple, sucking it into my mouth slowly at first, then with more insistence.

My tongue works back over your nipple, imitating the way you teased me, my eyes locked on yours, seeing them roll back in sheer pleasure. I bite down gently, and then release. 

My tongue works between your breasts, down the firm line of your abs, slowly blowing on the rain soaked skin. I pause to tease around your pierced navel, the shining silver standing out proudly against your perfectly flat stomach. 

My fingers work their way across your thighs, slowly teasing and raising the goosebumps across your body. I see you react and know how ready for me you must be. 

My fingers slide quickly to your wet lips, parting them slowly and sliding two into you. I press on your gspot, teasing it lightly, then with faster insistence as my tongue reaches your clit.

I suck your clit into my mouth, holding onto it with my teeth, flicking my tongue across it. Teasing you faster and faster with my tongue. Working inside you with my fingers, feeling the tension of you leaving with my touch.

My tongue licks slowly around your clit, then moves faster, watching you as you twist and moan under my touch. My fingers work your gspot, teasing and working on you. I moan in to your pulsing pussy, "Yes, hon, give me your cum."

As the waves beat on the sand mere feet from us, I can almost see the waves of your orgasm washing down your stomach. Muscles tighen and release, then your pussy clenches around my fingers, your legs tense underneath me, and i feel the wash of your pleasure.

I slide my fingers out of you, and offer them to you to suck. I feel your tongue around them, your lips surronding them, and the pressure from your sucking.

As i slide up you, you flip me over and mount me. Your pussy so wet and ready for my hard cock. Your legs spread out to either side of me, i feel the pressure of you as you guide my cock into you.

Your wetness and tightness surounds me. I moan in sheer pleasure, feeling you around me. I raise my hips to meet your thrust, seeing your body sillouhetted in the lightning. A vision of perfection above me.

I feel you thrusting down on me, your pussy filled by my cock, the firm, strong strokes bringing me more pleasure with each one.

You lean forward, kissing me deeply as you rock back and forth on my cock, milking the second orgasm from me.

You sit back up, riding my cock faster and faster, putting your hands on my chest to stead you as you begin using your legs to lift you up and down on me. I can see your face contracting in pleasure, ready to explode on me.

You reach down and start rubbing your clit as you fuck me, faster and faster, working me harder, with a moan, my entire body tenses. The shudder of cum from my cock fills your pussy, and drives you over the edge, our orgasms in time with the thunder, an explosion of noise that seems to be a celebration from Nature of our pleasure.

You fall into my arms, and we kiss, and laugh in sheer joy at what we've just done.

We roll over on the blanket a bit, enjoying the sound, the feel of the rain on our naked bodies. I pull the robe around your shoulders and smile at you. You help me with the wet boxers and the dripping tshirt.

We hold hands as we dash back to your house, dripping all over the foyer as we strip naked again. With a soft chuckle, i look at you and say "Shall we shower?"

You laugh heartily and take my hand, leading me upstairs. Your turn, giving me a lovely view of your body, and say, "thank you hon, i think i'll lose some of that fear of storms i have after this."

I simply smile and look you up and down, drinking in the lovely form in front of me.