 Please feel free to vote and make constructive criticism of this story. 

* * * * *

John was outside when the storm hit. He was in the back part of the property when the lightning started. He was mending a fence at when he first heard the thunder. He looked up and saw the darkened sky when a flash of lightning illuminated the area he was in. The accompanying thunder jolted him. Heavy raindrops began pelting him and he looked up to see a few of them splash onto his face and glasses. "Damn" he thought, "rain again. I really need to get this done." 

He worked through the rain, letting his back get wet as he worked on the fencing. Rain dripped from his hat and onto his face, dripping down to his chin and then off to the ground. 

Alison looked out and saw the rain coming down hard, knowing that John was out within the storm working. She also wondered if she should expect the typical thunderstorm attitude he got in the summers. She ran up to the shower and washed off a few layers of summer heat from herself, just in case. 

John finished the last section of fence. He was soaked now. Water dripped from all parts of his body as he mounted the quad and prepared to drive back to the house. All the tools were in the trailer and he began the trip back. Through the stream, into the muddy section and finally up the back road to the house, he finally ended up in the garage, parking the quad and leaving the tools for later. He slogged into the mud room and starting stripping. His shirt, boots, and pants - all of it came off until he was down to his underwear. A towel over his shoulders and he walked his way over to the downstairs shower, jumping in for a rinse. He rinsed his long hair and washed off all the mud and dirt from his body, refreshing himself from the summer rain. 

A towel around his waist, he walked upstairs to the bedroom for some fresh clothes. Alison was upstairs in the bedroom already, having dried off from her shower as well. Hearing his feet on the stairwell, she quickly ran over to the bed and lay down on it, picking up a book pretending to have been reading. He entered the bedroom seeing her lying on the bed, on her stomach and reading a book. She was dressed in the violet merry widow and matching panties that she'd picked up a month ago. She even topped it off with some stockings as well. 

He smiled as he saw here, knowing that she had anticipated his mood. The rain had dripped over his face, down his arms, which, for some reason, turned him on. He even noticed that he had a suitable erection as he drove back from the back section of the property. It was then that he decided that he was going to fuck her when he got back. 

His cock again swelled pushing the towel out from his body. He let loose the 

impediment to his erection and stood in the doorway smiling at her. 

"Got a little wet out there?" she asked him. 

"A bit, get a little wet in here?" he replied with a smirk. 

"Yeah, a bit" she smiled back at him, welcoming him to the bed as he crawled onto the bed and kissed her. His large hands reached down to her bottom and grasped both her cheeks tightly, squeezing her to his named body. His mouth tended to her neck, kissing and caressing it with his mouth and tongue. He wandered down to the top of her breasts and kissed there as well. His hands grabbed tightly at her bottom, squeezing her ass cheeks almost painfully, causing her to gasp audibly. He smiled at her reaction. He knew that she would take him just from her response. Alison reached her hands down to her panties, stripping them off and throwing them teasingly as his face. He inhaled, knowing that she had only just put them on, as they still smelled clean from the washer. Slightly disappointed 

by that fact, always loving her scent in his nostrils, he still continued his attentions to her. His hand pulled down one of the cups of the merry widow, exposing her large and erect nipple to the attentions of his tongue. He licked it rapidly and lightly causing her to inhale at the attention. He grabbed her bottom with one hand and her torso with the other and pulled her up onto his body. He moved her over his erect cock and she moaned as his cock head caressed her outer lips. He grabbed his hips and pulled her down quickly onto his cock. She didn't resist as his cock quickly filled her. They both moaned as the cock filled her 

deeply. Her tongue found his as the coupled and fucked each other savagely. She rose up and down on his cock closing her eyes and sat up to ride him even harder. 

John thrust up into her as she slid down onto her. His cock thrust into her cervix, causing her to cry out momentarily each time he hit there. Alison's hand moved down to her pussy where she found her clitoris and started rubbing it. She closed her eyes tight as her finger strummed her clit and the cock slid deep into her. She rose and fell upon the cock, as it thrust deep into her. She quickly rose to her peak, now moaning deeply with her eyes shut tight. "Oh.... Ohhhhhh.... Oooohhhhhhhhhh........ " She moaned louder now, thankful that their 100 acres kept the neighbors far away from hearing their savage fuck. She reached back to his thigh with her free hand while she continued to stroke herself with the other. Her orgasm overwhelmed her, the walls of her pussy clamping down tightly on his rigid cock. She cried out loud, screaming his name as he smiled up at her. He loved to watch her cum. 

She slowed her ride as the orgasm in her subsided. She finally opened her eyes and laughed at him as she saw him smile up at her. She knew how he loved to watch her cum and she certainly had a wonderful one this time. 

He patted her on the side of her ass, indicating that he wanted to change position. "Stay right like that," he said as he crawled out from under her. He got up behind her and looked down. Her merry widow looked delicate as he looked down at her back and the straps of the garter belt framed her ass beautifully. He was reassured by this image what he needed. 

He kneeled behind her as she moved to her hands and knees. She knew exactly what he wanted and braced herself for what was to come. She shuffled back a little bit to remove her head from the headboard; she always hated how her mead inevitably struck the headboard when he fucked her from behind. 

His cock still slick with her wetness, he easily slid deep into her pussy again. He thrust deep, penetrating deep into her and groaning an animal like growl as he penetrated her. He grasped her hips with his hands and starting fucking her quickly. His cock sliding in and out while his arms pulled her into him. It was rare for him to fuck her this savagely, but summer seemed to bring this out in him, something about the summer storms is what brought it on. She grasped the headboard to hold on while he pistoned in and out of her. 

She realized that an orgasm had sneaked up on her and was quickly being put over the edge. She held on while his cock touched her deeply inside. She breathed in and out deeply, preparing herself for the explosion within her. This one was deeper. The previous orgasm was near the outside, this one deep deep into her. She held on while John continued his deep fucking. He was amazing when there was one of these storm related fuckings. He could go on forever if he wanted to. It was just something he did when the storms came. 

Her orgasm flowed over her, from her toes to her fingertips she shook. She yelped as the orgasm overcame her and his cock slid deep into her. She cried out again, this time in a high-pitched squeal. She erupted and her juices dripped out of her onto the bed sheets. That's what he was waiting for. This was the time to do it. 

He slipped out of her as she came down from the orgasm and ran his thumb into her pussy to lubricate it and then slid it up to her other opening. She knew exactly what was going on. "Please John, not that. No. Not now." She always protested when he fucked her ass as she never really wanted it to start, but once he started taking her, she always enjoyed the feelings of him rooting deep into her bottom. 

"My dear, I don't really give a damn what you want, cause I'm about to fuck your ass whether you like it or not." His thumb pushed deep into her rectum now and she knew that there was no stopping him. Her bottom wet and slightly open now, he slipped his cock deep into her vagina one last time and then pulled out. While this was a bit predictable, he always did this before he took her up the ass, it was still thrilling. His cock touched to the bottom of her ass now, practically dripping with her own juices. He slipped in the head now, they both groaned as his cock spread her open. While only average in length, he was notably thick in his size and she felt it every time he took her up the ass. 

She cried out slightly as he penetrated her deeper. He took his time, but he kept thrusting deeper. Her sphincter spread open, accepting this intruder that hadn't been within her for over a month. Soon he was all the way into her. They both sighed as his balls finally touched up to her pussy lips and she knew he was all the way in. While he had taken her this way several times, it wasn't that often that it happened. 

"You okay?" he asked her as his two hands touched to the side of her thighs. 

"Yeah, do it. Please.... Do me now..." she replied lustily. 

He didn't wait anymore. Grabbing onto her hips, he began to fuck her now. He slid in and out of her, his cock spreading her ass open and loosening her up. She felt his cock fill her and she squirmed at the slight pain in prying her ass open. A tear streamed down her cheek as his cock shoved deep into her and touched her deep inside. He grunted as his cock slid in and out. He pulled her by her hips against his waist, his balls slapping into her vulva. Her breasts swayed under her and she grasped the headboard to hold her self a little more steady. She knew this wasn't about her anymore. Once he took her this way, it was for him. He just had this thing about fucking her ass and when he did, she knew just to hold on and 

let him go. Thunder boomed in the distance and he pulled her against him. He fucked her savagely. There was only one thing going on now; him fucking her. He slid in and out of her easily now, her ass having been opened wide by his cock. She yelped slightly when his cock buried itself deep and she exhaled as he pulled himself out. 

John smacked her on the ass once, relieving her ass of his grip. Her asscheek 

wiggled after he slapped it and he loved the way that looked. A pink handprint rose on her ass, inspiring him. He smacked the other cheek now, raising yet another handprint. He loved the look of pink on her ass and this brought him closer to cumming. He renewed his grasp of her hips and pulled her into him, fucking her ass deeply. She moaned, further encouraging him. He smacked her ass a couple more times as he fucked her, his cock now thick with arousal. He swelled as he fucked her now, ripping her ass even wider. She sobbed quietly as the cock thickened and penetrated her tight ass. He grunted again now, his orgasm swelling within him. He slowed his thrusting but that didn't mean it was any less intense. He pulled her quickly against his cock; his balls swung beneath him and slapped 

her with their weight. He pulled one last rapid time and his seed began to fill her bottom. His cock pulsed with his seed, thick streams of pearly white cum filling up her ass as he thrust his cock home and buried it deep into her ass. He felt the heat of the spanked handprints against his thighs as he held her deep against him. His cock pulsed again and again filling her with his cum. Finally, he finished his orgasm and they both fell to their sides, his cock still in her, but slipping out now. They rested and his cock began to shrivel inside her.

Alison felt his cock shrink inside her ass and slip from her bottom. A trickle of cum slipped out of her bottom and over her reddened ass cheek to the bed sheet. Several other drops followed as John's cum leaked out of her opened ass. 

Alison now turned over, causing the cum to drip down the other ass cheek. She held John in her arms and kissed him. "Thanks dear" he said. "I love you" 

"And I love thunderstorms" she replied, kissing him again one last time before they both fell asleep in the bed. 

--== So now you've read the story, don't forget to vote on it! Thanks!! ==--