 This would never have been written without the help, inspiration and love of my friend Cosmic Knight

* * * * *

My name is Heaven, Heaven Gates, and yes, that is my true name, blame it on my parents, 60`s flower children.

I am 24, and I work for a law company downtown. There are 2 other lawyers there, besides me, Marti Beth Angel and Alan, who has the very strange and exotic surname of "Sinner." 

Alan Sinner, mmmmmm, Oh how often I sigh at the very thought of that man.

The Company name is Angel & Sinner, and that raises some very funny responses when I answer the phone, and it gives me ideas that I should not really have. 

On Friday if last week, I was asked to stay late, and help catch up on a big case that we have at the moment. Ms Angel had a dinner date, so we were left alone in the office for the evening. Alan suggested that we eat as we worked, and I called the local take out deli, ordering cheese sandwiches for us.

As we waited, we decided to sort the documents we required; into the order we would need them. As Alan took off his jacket and tie he said quietly " We may as well get comfortable Heaven, this could take all night."

I sat there frozen watching him, hearing him, my mind now in total shock. His eyes met mine "Is there something wrong Heaven, you look a little worried?" he asked. I could hardly raise my voice above a whisper, little did he know, how often I had lain in my bed, touching myself, dreaming of this very situation. And now, here he was, saying we might be alone together ALL night.

I just about managed to stammer out a very unconvincing "No Sir, everything is fine, truly."

Nervously I slipped off my short black jacket, my black dress was highlighting my long shapely legs. Smiling at him softly I tossed my hair to the side and slid off my shoes. Coyly adjusting my dress, I sat down and crossed my legs thighs which made the dress ride up my thighs.. Alan quietly cleared his throat, excitement I hoped, and continued talking about the case as he paced the floor. Without warning, suddenly, he was behind me. Placing his hands upon my shoulders, my body trembled with pleasure. "What are you doing Mr Sinner Sir," I asked, leaning over me he softly whispered. 

" You seem so tense Heaven I was just trying too relax you." Relax me!! I had not been this aroused in years, I could hardly speak, but finally, managed to say, "I, umm, am just worried about the case."

"Are you sure that is all it is," he asked. "Yes Mr Sinner" I replied, as his hands slipped from my shoulders. Returning to to his desk, he sat upon the edge, and I lowered my eyes slightly. 

He hesitated, before saying quietly " Heaven, your a woman of the world I hope, may I ask you a question?" 

"Certainly Sir" I replied, 

"O h Heaven, enough of this Sir business, please, call me Alan" 

He continued.

"I want to ask you about Ms Angel, I am very attracted to her, in fact I like her a lot, but, she never seems to notice me at all. And I was wondering if you could give me some insight into what a woman looks for in our men."

It felt as if my world had just crumbled around me, he wanted her, not me. Softly I replied, " We women are all different Alan, looking for different qualities in a man.

" What do you look for in a man Heaven?"

Slowly, I lifted my gaze to his face.

"Well Alan, I suppose that really, I look for personality, wit, one who feels secure with himself and is unafraid of showing his feelings." 

Allan smiled, and quietly asked "and have you found such a man yet Heaven?"

"Unfortunately not Alan, I still await my Knight in shining armour, to come riding in, and carry me off into the sunset."

He chuckled a little, and then a fairly serious look crossed his face "I must say that am surprised Heaven. I would expect someone as lovely as you to have many boyfriends.

I felt my face burning as I blushed uncontrollably. " Why thank you Alan, but I guess I am just to busy to date anyone right now." 

Looking directly into my eyes he said "Well then Heaven this will be your date" his hand reached out towards me. I was stunned, had I hear him correctly? Did he say a date? He took hold of my hand gently, and lifted me from the chair, and I followed him, to the middle of the room. Leaving me there he moved to the radio over by the window turned it on, and searched for some music. Glancing at me, he whispered, "shall we dance" by now, I was quivering, Although I tried very hard not to show it, pulling me close to his body, he took me in his arms, and we began too sway to the beat of the music.

It felt so wonderful being in his arms, looking into his eyes; I was totally lost in him. He leaned closer then closer, I responded, my lips brushed his, and then, just as I was about to melt into his embrace, there was a knock on the door.

Somewhat shaken, Alan opened the door, we had both completely forgotten about the food we had ordered., Alan paid the delivery boy, and I quickly moved back too my chair.

We ate in complete silence, until Alan coughed quietly, and spoke to me. 

" I am sorry Heaven" he said, looking at him I "Sorry for what?" His face reddened, "the kiss Heaven I am very sorry, I should not have done that"

Smiling as softly as I could, I said, "Now it wasn't really a kiss was it." He chuckled again, saying, "I guess not." I smiled again, but inside I was churning, cursing that damned delivery boy, why then, at that moment. All I could think of was what might have been. We resumed working on the documents; the radio was still playing quietly in the background.

Then it came on, my favourite song ever, "Your My Inspiration" Sighing to myself, I closed my eyes. Dancing with Alan, as this song was on, had always been one of my fantasies, my secret desires. "Is everything ok?" His voice bringing me back too reality.

"Oh, I am sorry Alan, it is just that I love this song, I lose myself in it whenever I hear it." 

"Mine too" he said, once again taking my hand, and drawing me too him. This time, he held me tight, our bodies together swaying together to the music, almost grinding our hips together. My eyes were closed, as my heart pounded inside me, and I rested my head on his shoulder. 

As the song slowly faded away, I lifted my head, and looked into his eyes, his hand brushing my hair away from my face, His finger tracing along my jaw, and under my chin. Gently, he lifted it our eyes now locked in anticipation. And finally, he kissed me, softly, tenderly, his mouth so warm on mine. My mind raced, as the passion of our kiss increased, I moaned quietly as I felt his tongue slowly parting my lips, I could not resist, and opened mine to accept him. His tongue crossed my lips, entering my mouth; I licked it, and slowly sucked him in. 

As we embraced his hands caressed my back, then he slid them up and unzipped my dress. 

"Heaven" He whispered, "I want you"

I couldn't speak, but I did not resist as he slipped the dress from my shoulders and let it fall. As I stood there, in my lacy bra and panties, he took a step backwards, looking me over. I watched his eyes; he seemed to be drinking me in. 

Leaving me standing there he walked to his desk, and sat on its edge.

"Heaven" He said, "strip for me please." Without a second thought, I reach around to unhook my bra, never taking my eyes off his, and coyly covering my breasts with my arms, as they came free.

Hoarsely he whispered, "Heaven, please, let me look at you?" I was shaking, and so hot from the spreading blush on my cheeks, my whole body on fire. I slowly lowered my arms, exposing my breast to Alan. 

Walking to me, he smiled, cupped my breasts in his hands he began to knead them, softly squeezing as I sighed, my back arching at his touch, pushing forward, offering myself to him. He took my nipples between his fingers, gently rolling and twisting them, I could feel them stiffening my arousal increasing with every touch. My hands were shaking, almost uncontrollably, as I started to unfasten his shirt, moaning softly, he whispered, "Yes sweet one, undress me, quickly please." Kissing his neck softly, I unbuttoned his shirt as fast as I possibly could. 

He took hold of my hand, pressing it too his groin, saying. "God Heaven, look what you have done to me." And my fingers closed upon his erection. The second I touched him, he grabbed me, pulling me to him, and kissing me more passionately then I had ever known in my life.

As I unfastened his belt, to open his pants, his hand slid into my panties. My excitement was reaching fever pitch as I slid down his zipper, then, in animalistic passion, we just ripped at each other's clothes, and tossed them aside. We started kissing, caressing, and fondling each other. I moaned loudly, as his hand covered my sex, my whole body trembling in anticipation. 

"Are you wet Heaven" he asked me, but before I could answer he slid his fingers along my slit, and we both cried out " YES", YES." I wrapped my hands around his shaft, as fingers probed my wet wanting love hole, and started stroking his hard cock, finding my entrance he slid his finger inside me and I parted my legs for his probing finger. I was stroking his cock harder feeling it grow ever thicker. He lowered his mouth to my breasts, licking my nipple, and then sucking it in hard. My hips grinding against his hand as my arousal increased. 

His finger sliding in and out of my pussy, and I could feel my juices dripping. I cried out "Please Alan I want you." Smiling, he removed his fingers, they were glistening with my juices, he sucked them into his mouth to taste me, and shouted out loudly "OH GOD, YES HEAVEN," and he lifted me, carried me to his chair, and gently set me down. Falling to his knees, he nestled between my thighs, and lifted my feet to his desk. My pussy was now just inches from his face. 

Licking his lips, he looked deep into my eyes, before snaking out and stabbing it at my pussy. Writhing on the chair, as my back arched, and moans of pleasure filled the office.

As his expert tongue lashed up and down my wet dripping, 

throbbing cunt. Alan was a cunnilingus Master, and I trembled as my orgasm approached, "OH God," I screamed, as he covered my clit with his mouth, and sucked my hard little pearl in. "PLEASE ALAN" I cried, as, panting and shaking, with my clit throbbing, and my juices flooding from my cunt. 

After sucking on my clit, he teased it with his tongue, flicking it side to side, while looking into my eyes whispering "Cum Heaven, cum for Alan." 

He followed this by pushing his tongue in my cunt, and lapping quickly, " YES ALAN I`M CUMMMIN" I screamed, my cunt exploded in a shattering orgasmic release, my juices pouring out into his thirsty mouth. He drank every drop I could give him, like a ravenously hungry tiger.

Removing my feet from the table, I placed them on the floor as I sat there, shaking, trying to recover. Alan glanced at me, and started too clear his desk, and with lust filled eyes, motioned for me to sit on the edge. I did as he wished, sitting there, as he moved to me, and parted my legs so that he was between my thighs and pressing to me, kissing me deeply. 

Then he whispered, "Lay back on the desk, this Sinner wants too enter Heaven's Gates." Holding his cock, he slapped it on my wet cunt, I cried out in delight, as he did this, again and again, finally he positioned his cock at my cunt opening. Slowly sliding it deep into me, long sensual strokes, in, out, in, out, then deeper as my cunt tightened around his shaft. 

His hips grinding, my body squirming, as each thrust became stronger and his pace quickened. My hips were bucking, matching his every thrust, as we raced towards sexual oblivion, when the door to the office opened and in walked Ms Angel, Alan's partner.

" So," she said " this is what goes on here when I am not around is it?" With Alan's cock still deep inside me, I tried too cover my nakedness. I had never been so embarrassed in my life.

"Oh Heaven" said Ms Angel " please don't go getting all shy on me now," as she walked towards us, tossing her coat aside, and stripping her dress off, "I must say, this looks quite delicious my dear Heaven."

She unclasped her front fastening bra, allowing her ample breast to spill out, bouncing as she approached, her nipples were dark and pointed and her tits round and firm. I was licked my lips watching her rubbing her nippes, as she drew closer to Alan, who, even though he was still fucking me, had his eyes transfixed on Ms Angel. She turned her back on us, showing her tight firm cheeks, as she bent slightly, and lowered her thong bikini panties abd stepped out of them, leaving her dressed in only her heels. 

Alan and I both gasped, at her incredibly beautiful body, as she turned, to face us.

Angel moved behind Alan, brushing her body against his, and scraped her long painted nails across his shoulders, and down his spine. i felt his body quaking, as he pushed deep inside me, moaning as she then let her hands squeeze the cheeks of his ass. 

"Fuck her Alan, I want too see you fuck her hard," she whispered in deep guttural tones. Crossing the office to her desk, she opened a drawer, and removed something, it was her "Pleasure Orb", a purple vibrating egg, just like the one I have. She sat in her dep leather chair, one leg over the arm, and one on the desk, smiling as she fingered her lovely cunt. Turning on the egg, she teased her slit with, moaning loudly. 

That was all Alan and I needed, he slammed his cock up into my cum, my back arching and my hips bucking. Angel rolled the egg up her cunt, until it touched her swollen clit, she cried out in pleasure "OH FUCK YES." 

Seeing her body tremble and flex, my cunt squeezed Alan even tighter, and Alan cried out again "OOOOOHHHH FUCK!" 

Angel was shaking as she moaned, " Fuck the bitch Alan, take your sluts cunt, and make it yours," as he pounded me, ramming every inch of his hard cock into my cunt hole. She stood up and then too my delight, the beautiful Angel climbed onto the desk and straddled me, her delicious looking cunt, with lips like angel wings bearing down upon my face. Parting her lips, she lowered herself to my mouth. I inhaled deeply, taking in her wonderful musky womanly scent, as I stuck out my tongue, t greet her sex. 

Softly, I let it touch her warm wetness, and started to lick her sweet love hole, my tongue working up and down her slick slit. 

Alan was fucking me so hard, slamming his hard fat dick deep into my hungry cunt, as he watched me eating Angel's. hHe grabbed the egg, that Angel had left on the desk, turned it on it, and placed it against my clit, I Screamed, moaning into Angel as she started to ride my tongue. 

"YES, YES," I cried, as he now fucked me faster, driving me closer and closer to my orgasm. 

My tongue was flicking along her clit, rolling it from side to side, when he moved the egg away from me and reached it up to hers, rubbing it there she ground her cunt on my face. Still he slammed into me, fucking me with reckless abandon, pounding his cock fully into, me humping me.

He alternated the egg back and forth between us, as we both moaned in ecstasy. My tongue probing deeply lapped at her now flowing cunt. "For fuck's sake CUM," he shouted, that was all I needed, Angel too, as we exploded in orgasm. I was shaking hard, with Angel's honey flowing into my mouth, as I came around Alan's pulsing cock. Orgasmic aftershocks racked my body, then, as they slowly subsided, as I felt his cock leave me, and heard him say to Angel, "You eat her cunt now, and then I can fuck you as well Angel." 

She moved off the desk, smiling at me as she bent over, and lowered her face to my sex. 

Alan held her by the hips, and slid his cock into into her still flowing cunt. I squirmed and writhed on the desk, as she lapped at my throbbing love hole. The harder he fucked her, the harder her face ground into me, driving me to another orgasm. 

She moaned into my cunt "Alan, fuck me Alan, please baby please fuck me." Drinking my juices, as fast as they flowed into her hungry mouth. My hands covered my tits, pulling and tugging at my nipples, they were so fucking hard. 

Her teeth closed on my clit, biting and pulling. 

I screamed out "FUCK, GOD, I AM GONNA CUM AGAIN," 

My body quivering in glorious passion, as my cream gushed form me, into Angel's waiting mouth. Alan grunted as his back arched, his face contorted in ecstatic pain, I knew he was about to cum too, Angel was screaming as her orgasm hit her again. Alan pulled his cock free from her, and ordered us both to get on our knees, and suck his cock. 

We just looked at each other, smiled, and shared a deep kiss before getting down on our knees for him. We both let our tongues slide over his rock hard, throbbing, pole, as he grunted and groaned, his hips thrusting ever harder. Angel and I smiled at each other, knowing he was about to cum, she whispered, "are you ready?" I nodded back at her.

That was when Alan screamed "ARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH," and his cock blasted ropes of hot sticky jism over us both, on our tits and our faces. Angel was jerking his cock, as i slide my fingers under his balls squeezing them, while she milked his cock, and his cum splashing on us both. We turned, and facing each other, started kissing, and licking his cum from our faces. It was delicious tasting his seed, as he stood there, totally exhausted. 

We knelt again, and both started cleaning his cock, licking it, and sucking hard to draw the remaining cum from his balls. Finally, he stumbled too his chair, and collapsed back into it, as we watched, both feeling a little embarrassed now, licking cleaning his cum from our bodies. 

Ms Angel then moved to his side, as i walked around the desk to his other side, and we both wiggled onto his knees, cuddling him, as the sun slipped away into the night.

For a few moments, there was a perfect silence, then, Alan spoke, "Ladies" he said, with a chuckle in his voice " Are we ready to do some fucking work, or what?"

We all laughed, each secretly wondering what kind of "work" he had in mind.

And my last thought on the evening?

Be you an Angel, or a Sinner, your final destination should be Heaven.