 So many nights, as I fight sleep, my thoughts bring you here to me. I ache so deeply to have you home with me, to be able to come to you and touch you, to know that you're real. You are all of my hopes and dreams, perfectly rolled into one and all I want is to be with you.

I went downstairs tonight and the living room was dark, still and quiet. I opened the curtains and peered out into the cold darkness as the moonlight spilled through the window. I wanted to feel you step up behind me in the darkness. I wanted to feel your warm bare skin press against mine. To feel you slide your arms around me, cup my breasts and pull me into you as you kiss down the side of my neck. Feeling you grow behind me with need, feeling my own wetness grow as only your touch can do to me. I wanted to feel your big hands kneading my breasts. Your touch absolutely melts me. It's unlike anything I've ever experienced and it's the only touch I ever want to experience. 

As I closed my eyes and let that vision take hold of me, I could feel myself relax against you. My head leaning against your chest, letting you touch and kiss me. I felt my breath change; soft moans escaped me that I wasn't even aware of. I struggled to think, wasn't sure I could speak. But I licked my lips and turned my head up to face you and I whispered, "Take me."

You leaned down and pressed your lips to mine and I knew before we made that contact that I was going to lose myself to you. As our lips pressed together I could feel my need for you swell to such an overwhelming intensity. Slowly we worked our mouths, slipping our tongues past our lips and as I felt the tip of your tongue gently graze mine that need inside me flared like a bright flaming fire that needed to either consume or be consumed. You pinched and tugged on my nipples as our mouths fed off each other, encouraging that flame to grow, that heat to rise.

I felt your big strong hands on my hips, coaxing them back to you, and as our lips parted, I knew we would feed that fire. I pressed my hands on the sides of the window frame and leaned forward, offering myself to you. Knowing I was mere moments away from losing what little control I had left, moments from surrendering to you in a way I never have before; a way that's only there to give to you. When I'm at my most vulnerable and yet I'm so deeply comforted knowing that I trust you in that way, I trust you so deeply that I can truly let myself go.

I feel the tip of you at my wetness and as I take a slow deep breath, I feel you begin to push into me. I'm so consumed by how amazing you feel as you slide into me. That sensation is unbelievably wonderful; it's all I want, all I ever want. You feel so right inside me. As our bodies join together, everything else fades away. You are everything to me, my whole world. As you push that last inch into me and more, my breath catches just for a moment until I feel you pulling back out of me. I'm reminded again of the heaven your body brings me and I take another breath. You slowly pump in and out of me until we can feel how slick we both are, how your big thick cock just glides in and out of me like a well-oiled machine. Just as I start swimming in the pleasure that is you, I feel your hands tighten on my hips and I know that you're about to fuck me so damn good and hard. I squeeze onto the sides of the window and brace myself, wondering which breath will be my last as the heat from my body fogs the cold glass. 

You thrust into me fast and deep, and suddenly you are fucking me with such wild abandon that I can't think, I can't breathe, I can't talk, I open my mouth to scream out but there is no sound. All I can do is feel; feel you fill me to the point where our fires combine and our heat flares to a new level. It's almost like I can see the flames rush each other and suddenly figure out how to dance as they merge and rise up higher and brighter. You use our bodies to feed what we both so desperately need, what we crave. 

Just as I start to wonder how I'm going to get my next breath, I feel you push me over the edge of pleasure, almost to the brink of pain, but not quite. You take me to a height of pleasure I never knew existed. Your cock slamming into that spot deep inside me over and over, until I feel something inside of me let go, you just know exactly how to release those flood gates. I feel you explode with me and suddenly all that hot raging fire has turned into cool, ocean waves that flow through us.

We take a moment to just stand there, still joined, not moving, but remembering how to breathe, trying to slow our thundering hearts. Just as my vision starts to swim back to me I feel you pull away. I slowly turn and step into you. You encircle me in your arms as we press our lips together and float on the waves of pleasure surrounding us. I look up into your eyes and the emotions I feel buckle my knees. 

As I strike the carpet beneath me, I look up and you're not there. I sit in the spill moonlight, looking out the window at the barren trees and snow covered ground, and I'm reminded of how cold and lonely it is without you here. I tiptoe up to bed and as my mind drifts back to you, I discover sleep has not eluded me after all.