 I never dreamed I'd be one of those people who have a sexual relationship with a co-worker. Mostly that's because I'm happily married and have been for more than twenty years. A second reason is I've always felt that having relationships at work is wrong. It isn't that I haven't given some of the females where I work some thought. I've spent some daydreaming time having fantasies about a few of my female colleagues. The third reason is I have friendships with quite a few of my female coworkers and have never wanted to mess up those friendships. I've seen sex screw up too many perfectly good friendships.

Then last Thursday evening something happened that blew everything I believe about sexual relationships at work right out of the water.

I was in my office quite a bit after my normal quitting time last Thursday evening, so late it was dark by the time I finally got my things together and got ready to leave. I'd already called my wife and told her I'd be late, not that it was going to mess up any of plans since she already had a meeting scheduled for that night.

As I was locking my office I noticed that the lights were on in an office down the hall from mine. That was unusual because I'm almost always the last one to leave. The still-lit office belonged to a female coworker named Terry. OK, she is one of the women I've harbored an occasional fantasy about, in case you were wondering. Since she usually is out of the building long before I am, I thought I'd check and see if anything was wrong.

I've known Terry since my company assigned me to this particular office complex about three years ago. She's in her early forties, is divorced, and has a couple of teenaged kids. She's quite attractive, with frosted hair she wears layered and cut just a bit lower than her ears. She's also slim, but that doesn't mean she's shapeless. Her breasts are small - I think they're exactly the right size for her - and she has a small, firm, extremely well formed bottom. She wears slacks a lot, and even though they aren't snug fitting, I find watching her walk away from me one of life's little pleasures. She also has a habit of combing her fingers through her hair; an unconscious, but sexy move that drives me crazy.

As I got close to her office door, which was slightly ajar, I heard sounds that were suspiciously like the sounds of a woman crying. I knew Terry had been talking about the pressure she'd been under the past few weeks - actually the company had a productivity push on and all of us were feeling the heat - but I had no idea she was that strongly affected by the increased pressure. Her door was open far enough so I could see her sitting at her desk with her head in her hands. She was crying. I knocked softly on the door. "Terry, are you all right?" I asked softly.

Terry was wearing a charcoal gray turtleneck and black corduroy jeans, a typical outfit for her in winter. She jumped, turned, and looked at me, clearly startled.

"Didn't mean to scare you," I said, stepping into the room. "I was leaving and saw your light was on, so I thought I'd check and..."

She took a tissue out of a box on her desk and blew her nose. "You...you heard me crying..." she responded.

I nodded. "Are you all right?"

She shrugged.

"Is something wrong?" I asked.

"Is anything in this goddamned world right?" she snapped in reply. She took another tissue and blew her nose again. A third tissue was used to wipe her eyes.

"Sounds like you've had a worse week than I have," I said. "I thought my week sucked, but now it's starting to look pretty darn good."

"Well, at least I seem to have accomplished something," she snorted her voice filled with sarcasm. Then she began to sob deeply, so deeply her body shook.

I wasn't exactly sure what to do. I felt a little guilty about making her cry again, but I was pretty sure there was a lot more upsetting her than the comment I'd just made. I pushed her office door closed. I'm not sure why I did it, but I twisted the deadlock as I did. Maybe I didn't want the cleaning people to walk in and find Terry as upset as she was. Who knows?

I walked over and sat on the edge of the soft leather sofa she has in her office. "You want to talk about what's bothering you?" I inquired after her sobbing began to calm.

More nose-blowing and eye wiping. "What's the point?" she asked. "It isn't going to change anything."

"Maybe not, but sharing how you feel with someone else sometimes does," I responded. "At least it usually does for me."

She turned in her chair and looked at me. "Is this stupid push for productivity making your life hell, too?"

I laughed. "Only as much as I let it bother me. Remember, I've been around a few years longer than you have. I've seen stupid stuff like this come and go before. I've also seen the managers who come up with these dopey ideas come and go, too. From my perspective, the key to survival is not taking it seriously - or personally."

"But how can you not take it personally?" she asked. "You don't falsify your reports, do you?"

I shook my head. "Nope, but whenever something like this happens, my reports become a whole lot more detailed than usual. One thing I've learned over the years is that the longer a report is, the less likely it is that the boss will read it."

For the first time since I walked into her office, a trace of a smile showed on her face. "You're kidding, right?" she asked.

"Nope. I just finished my weekly activity report this evening. It's twenty-seven pages long. Last month, my report for the same period of time would have been three pages, if that."

Terry's eyes widened and her mouth dropped open. "You're kidding!"

I chuckled and shook my head. "Nope. When they act like jerks, I bury them with paperwork. Never, in the twenty years I've been here, has a manager actually read anything I've submitted that's over three pages long." I smiled. "Actually, I'm not sure how many of the three page reports they read."

Terry giggled softly. "You ought to give courses, you'd make a fortune," she said. "Thanks."

"Is that all you were upset about?" I asked.

Her attractive face clouded over and she shook her head. "No. God! My life's a mess at home, too."

"Teenager problems?" She had two at home and I know from experience teens can drive you nuts.

She shook her head again. "The kids are great," she responded. "I'm lucky there."

I was pretty sure she was doing OK financially. At least I'd never heard her complaining about money. I know she makes at least as much as I do, and I think my salary is pretty good. In fact, she'd once commented she was very fortunate to have an ex-husband who actually paid his child support. Since the other problems weren't the kids or money, that meant...

She began to sniffle. "The guy I've been going out with told me he wanted more...more than...more than he says I...I...was putting into our relationship," she stammered between sniffles.

"How long have you been seeing him?"

"About a year," she said. "I probably should have seen it coming, I guess."

"Seen what coming?" I know, that was a stupid question. Sometimes I don't think before I talk.

Terry started crying again.

"You mean he wants to break off your relationship?" I asked. I couldn't keep my feelings of incredulousness out of my voice, I guess. But what kind of guy could be crazy enough to want to break up with a woman like Terry?

Terry stopped crying and looked at me with an expression of puzzlement. She nodded. "Yes...he...he says he needs to find someone who wants to put more effort into fulfilling his needs."

"What about your needs?" I asked.

"Excuse me?" Terry responded.

"How much effort has he been putting into fulfilling your needs?"

Terry was silent, looking thoughtful, for a few moments. "I...I guess can't really say he has been putting a lot of effort into that," she replied softly. "I mean..." Her face reddened a little. She combed her fingers through her hair like she always does, but this time I was surprised to feel a small twinge in my groin. "You know, I haven't really thought much about it," she said. She stood up. "If I really, honestly, look at our relationship, I...I have to admit...I hate to admit...that I've pretty much let it become pretty one-sided." She shook her head. "Isn't that something? Here I am, a woman who prides herself on her independence and ability, admitting I've pretty much been a doormat for the guy I've been seeing for the last year." She walked over to the sofa, sat down on it, and looked at me. "Is that weird or what?"

I shrugged. "It sounds like something I've seen happen with other women," I commented. Terry combed her fingers through her hair again and this time the twinge I felt in my groin was a little stronger. I felt my penis begin to stiffen a bit.

Terry studied me for a few minutes. "So are you saying I'm part of a group of weird women you know, or..."

"That wasn't what I meant," I said quickly. "I meant what's happening to you has happened to other people, is all."

"Oh," she said. Again her fingers stole through her hair. God, I wanted to know what that felt like. "You're different," she said softly, gazing at me.

"I am?"

She nodded. "You really listen. And you hear what the person you're listening to is saying." Her fingers again combed through her hair and my penis tried to straighten itself out in my slacks.

"I guess that's what makes me good at my job." I didn't know what else to say. I'm not overly good at handling compliments.

"It's something I noticed about you from the first time we me," Terry said softly. "I...I've always felt comfortable talking with you. And it's because I always get the feeling you are really listening and care about what I have to say."

My face felt warm and I knew I was blushing. I shrugged. I didn't know what to say.

She smiled at me. "I've embarrassed you, haven't I?"

I nodded. "I...um...I don't take compliments well, I guess."

She surprised me by sliding across the sofa, closer to me. When her knee bumped against mine, my penis finished straightening itself out. I wasn't sure how I was going to get out of Terry's office without her seeing that I had a hard-on. And I was pretty sure having her see my woody might have a negative impact on our relationship. After all, my reaction could be interpreted as sexual harassment.

Terry leaned toward me. "You shouldn't be embarrassed," she said softly. She reached out and laid a slim, warm hand on my cheek. My penis, already straight and hard, felt as if it had turned to steel. "You're a very nice person. You shouldn't feel embarrassed to be told that."

"Yeah," I thought, "I'm a really nice person who can barely think of anything other than tearing your clothes off and jumping your bones."

Terry's hand remained on my face, caressing it gently, adding immeasurably to the turmoil roiling inside me. "You are so easy to talk with," she said, her voice sounding huskier than I remembered. "I'm glad you stopped to check on me. I really am."

"Ah...no...um...problem..." I croaked. "Glad to...I could...you know...be of...um...help."

"You did help me," Terry said softly. "A lot." Her next action took me totally by surprise. She bent forward and placed a gentle kiss on my lips. "Thank you, thank you so much," she said softly after the kiss ended. I was too stunned to talk. She surprised me yet again when she put both of her hands on my cheeks, leaned forward, and kissed me again. This time the pressure from her lips was a little stronger.

The kiss ended and I opened my mouth to say, "You're welcome," but before I could, I felt her hands tighten, then her lips were pressed against mine again. Only this time her mouth was open. When I felt her tongue spearing between my lips, I grabbed her, pulled her into my arms, and returned Terry's kiss with as much fervor as she'd given it. It was the most passionate kissing I can ever remember engaging in - as if we were trying to eat each other's faces - and it went on and on while wave after overpowering wave of passion crashed over me. Terry and I were both making feral sounds and our tongues were driving deep into each other's mouths.

I'm not sure exactly how things happened, but I do recall suddenly feeling bare flesh under my hands. I slid them upward, pushing Terry's turtleneck ahead of them. I felt her shudder and heard - and felt - her moan into my mouth. I realized then that she was working at the buttons on my shirt. We ripped our mouths apart briefly, gasped air, then clamped them back together again. My hands had found Terry's bra and I got the clasp undone with surprisingly little difficulty.

Terry was sort of leaning across my lap and the position wasn't going to allow me to do much, so I turned and laid her back on the sofa, sliding onto the floor so I was kneeling next to it as I did. In the process, her turtleneck seemed to disappear. Looking back on what went on I realize she took it off as I was laying her down, then all I knew was that it was gone and that her bra, too, had disappeared. Her petite breasts pancaked into her heaving chest, but her nipples, startlingly large for how slim she was, jutted from them like little fingers. I could hear her groaning as I started kissing my way from her lips, down over her neck, to her chest. I had to have those nipples between my lips.

I did finally manage to kiss my way down over Terry's heaving chest and onto her right breast, the one closest to me as I knelt there next to the sofa. "Mmmmmnnnnhhhh!" she groaned. Her hands clamped around my head when I sucked the unyielding nub of flesh between my lips and began lashing it with my tongue. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her slim body moving sinuously, insistently.

"Ohhhhh! Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, Goddddd!" she moaned continuing to clutch my head firmly against her while my lips ventured from one rigid nipple to other. I licked and suckled her and could feel the sexual tension building in her as I did. I'd never, ever, been with a woman who responded more passionately.

While I continued to worship Terry's nipples with my mouth, I slid my hand down over her wildly rocking, but impossibly flat belly to the waist of her jeans. I continued to surprise myself with my dexterity when, with one hand, I managed to open both her belt and the button holding her jeans closed. Her movements and the sounds she was making became more and more frantic when I slid my hand under the loosened waistband of her jeans pushed down until I felt my fingers touch the elastic waist, then the fabric, of her panties. It felt soft, like cotton, not slick, like satin.

"Mnnnnnnhhhhhh! Mnnnnnnnhhhhh!" she moaned. Her hips lifted and began twisting and rocking. It was as if her body was beseeching me to touch her vagina. As my I inserted my fingers under the elastic waistband of her panties and their downward journey continued. They first encountered soft, but damp pubic hair, then they encountered incredibly hot, soft, slick flesh.

"Unnnnnahhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" Terry's hips began an up and down rocking motion. I explored her unbelievably slick opening with my finger, savoring how it felt and also how ardent her response to my caresses was. Her hips were plunging up and down and she had such an incredibly tight grip on my head that I couldn't have lifted it from her chest if I'd wanted to. I didn't want to and, since I couldn't move, I continued to suckle and lick her right nipple while my fingers teased and explored her need-slippery opening.

I pushed two fingers into her, surprised by how snugly her vaginal walls gripped them, then I began slowly sliding them in and out while her hips moved in concert with my actions. At the same time, I used my thumb to caress her engorged clit, sweeping it back and forth over the stiff, fleshy bud at the top of her vaginal opening.

The movement of Terry's hips got even wilder and her grip on my head got even firmer. "OhGodohGodohGodohGodohGodohGodohGodohGodohGodohGod!" she babbled; her passionate exclamation told me she loved what I was doing to her.

Then..."Ohhhhhhhahhhhhhhhohhhhhhhhhh!" The new sound accompanied a stiffening of Terry's body, but it didn't remain still. It was as if all of her motions had increased to the point where, literally, she was vibrating. I shoved my fingers deep inside her and continued sweeping my thumb back and forth over her clit. Her vaginal walls rippled along my fingers, telling me she was coming.

As her orgasm waned in power, it was almost exactly the reverse of what had happened before she came. Her vibrating movements calmed to the rocking motions I'd seen, then those calmed to gently undulating movements. Her fierce grip on my head relaxed. Finally she lay on the sofa, my fingers still in her. I could feel the gentle after-shocks of her orgasm on my fingers as the last of her calming took place. I let her still-erect nipple slip from my mouth, raised my head, and looked down at her flushed, but incredibly pretty face.

I leaned down, placed a gentle kiss on her lips, and was again taken off-guard when one of her hands clasped my head to her face and her mouth opened under mine. At the same time, her free hand slid down between us, grasped my almost painfully erect cock through my slacks, and began squeezing it. For a second I was afraid I'd come like that, but I somehow managed to gather enough self-control to settle myself down a little.

Terry continued to squeeze and tug on my erection. "I...want...this...in...me!" she panted when our kiss ended. "Now!"

Given how powerful her orgasm was, I found it amazing she obviously wanted to continue, but there wasn't any way I was going to ague with her. I sure as hell wanted her, probably more than she wanted me.

I pulled my hand out of her pants and began opening my belt and slacks; and had a lot more trouble doing so than I had getting Terry's bra and pants open. Despite my suddenly bumbling fingers, I finally did feel my pants dropping, stood up, and stepped out of them. Before I could do anything about my jockey shorts, my slim partner was pulling them down. I glanced down and realized that she was totally naked. She must have shed what was left of her clothes while I was fumbling to remove mine. Her slim fingers wrapped around my erection. "Please! Oh, God, please! I want this!" she moaned. "And I want to be on top."

I didn't care what position we used, so I stretched out on the sofa. It was a bit of a tricky maneuver because Terry never let go of my distended penis while I did. The minute I was stretched out on my back, she swung a slim leg over me, and began lowering herself while she held my erection in the proper position. By this point it was so hard I don't think she really needed to hold it, but...

"Oh, God!" I groaned when I felt the tip of my erection slide between her incredibly warm, wet labia. I wanted to grab her hips and pull her down onto me, but I resisted the impulse. It seemed as if she wanted to be in control and I was more than willing to let her be.

"Yesssss! Oh, yessssss! Oh, yesssssss!" Terry hissed as she sank down onto me slowly, absorbing more and more of me into her warm, damp, snug opening. "Oh, yeah, this is just what I needed. It feels so damn wonderful!"

I gazed up at her and watched a look of incredible bliss form on her lovely face as she took more and more of me inside her. Her nipples were so swollen they looked as if they were about to pop off her chest and the tips of her breasts surrounding them were reddened from all the attention I'd paid them with my lips and tongue earlier.

"Yesssssss!" Terry murmured when, at last, her hips settled against mine, indicating that all of me was inside her.

I couldn't remember ever being in a woman as tight as Terry, but then I haven't been in all that many women. Her vaginal walls gripped my erection like a warm, rippling sleeve. It was an absolutely wonderful sensation.
