 The rain caught Laurie unprepared. When she entered the corner deli the sky was blue and speckled with benign white clouds. By the time she'd finished her lunch, dark grey clouds hung heavy and ominous overhead. She walked as quickly as she could in her impractically high-heeled sandals, desperate clacking marking her progress along the sidewalk. The trees swayed threateningly as she passed, rustled by the humid breeze. It was only three blocks back to the office. 

She thought about a game she'd played at camp as a child. The campers divided into four sections and each progressed in turn from snapping their fingers to clapping their hands to slapping their knees to pounding their feet on the floor, then back again in the opposite order. It imitated the sound of a rainstorm gradually rising in intensity, reaching a thundering climax, then slowly dwindling. 

This storm started with a series of light snaps. One fat raindrop splashing against her toe. Snap. Another moments later plopping onto the sidewalk. Snap. One landed on her head, one on her nose. Snap snap. Then dozens more in rapid succession, dappling the sidewalk, dampening her hair, snaking down her bare arms. Clap clap clap. Still two blocks away. Laurie's pace quickened to a jog. 

She cursed herself for her choice of outfit. Why had she worn the delicate strappy heels that pinched with every step? (Because they showed off her slim legs and her pale pink pedicured toes.) Why had she worn the breezy white sundress? (Because it was pretty and feminine and perfect for summer...and emphasized the slight curves of her slender frame.) Who was she, a lowly intern, trying to impress? (Her boss, Daniel. Her totally professional, totally uninterested boss.) 

Distant thunder rumbled and the rain intensified, streams of it slap-slap-slapping her brunette waves flat against her head, darkening the fabric of her dress. Underneath she wore nothing but a sheer lace bra and matching thong, light peach in color to blend with her skin tone. 

Yes, she had worn these things with Daniel in mind. She knew he only saw her as an intern, a college kid. She knew he didn't think of her sexually. And yet it pleased her to feel sexy around him, even if he'd never know. She hoped he'd never know about her ridiculous crush. 

Her feet ached and her breath quickened as she slapped and splashed along the sidewalk. One block away. But she couldn't outrace the deluge that now began to truly pound, rain thick as a blanket, drenching her as thoroughly as if she'd jumped into a swimming pool. Completely soaked through, her dress was transparent. Thankfully the heavy rain and sea of umbrellas shielded her from the view of passers-by. But once she got to her office building... 

Laurie tried to cross her arms over her chest to cover her protruding nipples and clearly outlined areolas, but then she couldn't keep her balance at her current jog. Surrendering, she slowed to a walk. The storm had already won. 

Finally she reached her building. Heart pounding with dread, she entered the lobby. She knew how she must look. Drenched and bedraggled, hair falling in limp wet strands over her face, nothing of her body left to the imagination. She hurried to the elevator but didn't escape the gaping stare of the security guard. She blushed furiously and looked at the floor as his eyes followed her, shamelessly raking up and down her body. In the elevator she prayed desperately that no one would be sitting at the conference table and she could dart unnoticed into the bathroom. 

Sadly her prayer went unanswered. The elevator opened to the office's main area and Laurie's eyes met Daniel's immediately. He sat at the conference table along with the Executive Director, Mia, papers spread out in front of them. Laurie frantically pressed the "door close" button, but Kent the obnoxious Analyst shoved his arm inside the elevator and slid in beside her. 

"Whoa, Laurie!" Kent exclaimed. "You look like a drowned..." He trailed off and his eyes widened as he ogled her practically naked body. Trying not to cry, Laurie shoved past him, intending to run to the bathroom. But her shoe caught on a chair leg and she tripped, landing on her hands and knees with her ass in the air. Her skirt flew up and bunched at her hips. The sheer scrap of her thong did nothing to cover her bare ass and pussy, now on full display to her boss and the Executive Director. 

Tears flowing, Laurie scrambled to her feet and wobbled toward the bathroom. But a firm hand on her shoulder stopped her. 

"Laurie," Daniel said, "In my office." 

"I just need to—" 

"Now." 

The command in his voice was unmistakable. Humiliated and defeated, she kept her eyes on the floor as he steered her through the maze of cubicles toward his office. She heard the gasps and giggles of the other staff as she passed in her exposed state. Her cheeks burned with shame and stung with tears. Finally they reached Daniel's office and he guided her inside, closing the door behind them. She heard the lock click. 

"What the hell is this?" Daniel demanded. "Look at you." 

Laurie thought about him looking at her. Imagined his eyes roving over her small but perky breasts with their blushing areolas, her prominent nipples straining against wet fabric. His eyes following the gentle swell of her hips, centering on the thin strip of dark hair between her thighs. Oh God, she was wet there, and it wasn't just from the rain. She wanted him looking at her. Shameful as it was, she was undeniably turned on. 

She took a shaky breath. "I got caught in the rain..." 

"I can see that. Why didn't you duck into a building and wait it out?" 

Laurie looked up at him, stunned. Why on earth hadn't that idea occurred to her? "I...I didn't think..." 

Daniel sat on the edge of his desk, arms folded sternly across his chest. She felt a sharp jolt of arousal low in her belly. He was so sexy when he was stern. With his bald head and glasses, he probably wasn't every woman's idea of sexy. But his dark eyes were warm and expressive and there was something both confident and gentle in his crooked smile. And thanks to the hour he spent at the gym before work every morning, Laurie knew his body was lean and toned under his suit. Now, with his arms crossed, she could make out the bulge of his biceps. She bit her lip to keep from moaning out loud. 

Sighing, Daniel uncrossed his arms and leaned closer to Laurie, lowering his voice. "Or maybe you knew exactly what you were doing." 

"W-what do you mean?" 

His eyes dropped, lingering on her breasts, then lowering to slowly take in the rest of her exposed form. Her pussy clenched. "Maybe you're trying to get my attention." 

"No!" Laurie cried. "I would never—" 

He held up a hand to silence her protests. "Drop the innocent act. You think I haven't noticed the way you look at me? It's...unprofessional, Laurie." 

"I'm sorry," she whispered. His tone was neutral and she couldn't read his expression. Was he angry? Flattered? Disgusted? 

"Go to the window," he ordered. "Stand with your back to me facing the street." 

Confused, Laurie complied. What else could she do? 

Outside lightning streaked jaggedly across the grey-violet sky. Miniature waterfalls flowed down the window glass. It was a savage and beautiful display of nature, Laurie thought. And it had been her undoing. 

Sounds behind her. Rustling. Footsteps. She felt the prickle of Daniel's presence at her back, felt his warm breath on her neck. Her pulse quickened. 

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" Daniel asked, echoing her thoughts. "The violence, the chaos. The sky letting go so completely. I've always enjoyed storms. Watching them, that is. Getting caught in them is a different story. But you, Laurie...you make me want..." 

Trailing off, he traced one finger slowly down the length of her spine, over the curve of her ass. He flipped up the hem of her skirt. She trembled. Her eyelids fluttered closed. 

"Daniel..." 

"Put your hands against the glass." 

Laurie flattened her palms on the window, bending forward slightly over the ledge. Her ass brushed his crotch. He pulled her hips toward him and she felt his erection pressing against her through wet fabric. Daniel was hard for her. A low moan escaped her throat. She had to be dreaming. If so, she intended to enjoy this dream to the fullest. 

"Shh," he whispered against her neck. He nipped lightly, making her shudder. She started to turn her head toward him, but he stopped her with a firm hand on the back of her neck. A claiming hand. "No. I want you to look at the storm. I want you to tell me what you were thinking walking back here in the rain." 

"I...I was thinking...about you. That I wore this outfit and this lingerie to be sexy for you. That I was ridiculous..." 

He kissed her neck, her shoulder, licked and sucked at the skin as though relishing her taste. 

"You're not ridiculous," he murmured. "Do you know what it does to me to see you every day in those skimpy dresses, looking at me like you're begging me to fuck you? Do you know how hard it's been to keep my hands off you all summer?" 

"I didn't think you saw me that way." 

He sighed. "Can you be discreet, Laurie?" 

"Yes." 

He rocked his hips into her, rubbing his erection between her ass cheeks. "You won't tell anyone about this, will you?" 

"No, never," she gasped. 

"I don't know," he said. "Showing up here soaked through and exposing yourself wasn't very discreet, was it?" 

"N-no." 

"Perhaps punishment is in order." 

"Punishment?" 

Thunder cracked. A moment later Daniel's hand cracked across her ass. She cried out softly. No one had ever spanked her before. The sharp sting was somehow exactly what she needed, radiating exquisite tingles throughout her body. Her pussy spasmed. She parted her thighs wider, bent lower, inviting more. Behind her, Daniel groaned and ripped her panties down, kneeling to lower them past her knees and onto the floor. He lingered there, his breath warming her bare pussy from behind. He inhaled deeply. Moisture trickled down her inner thighs as rain trickled down the window in front of her. 

Daniel stood. He reached between her thighs, fingers tracing along her labia, up and down her slit, circling her clit without touching it. She rocked back into his hand, whimpering with need. He touched her so softly, so gently, teasing her unbearably. Finally he pushed two fingers inside her, penetrating and probing her slick inner walls. Her thighs quivered as he fucked her with his fingers. Rain pelted the glass. Pleasure mounted in her core. 

"You like that?" he breathed against her neck. 

"Oh God, yes," she sighed, head rolling back onto his shoulder. 

Thunder roared. Another sudden, stinging slap to her ass. She wailed as lightning whitened the sky. The storm was getting closer. The heady combination of pain and pleasure intensified the throbbing pressure centered in her clit. 

He fingered her faster as rain pounded the glass. Thunder rolled in waves and his palm struck her flesh in time with each rumble. Crack. Slap. Crack. Slap. His fingers never stopped their furious work inside her. The storm built without and within. Torrents rolling down the glass. Clash of thunder and flesh forming the beat to their own primal music. Sweet torment of pain and unbearable pleasure. His teeth on her neck, his warm body pinning her to the cool glass, his fingers penetrating her most intimate depths. She panted shamelessly, hips rolling with the rhythm of his fingers, the rhythm of the storm. Crash of thunder, blaze of lightning, exploding in waves of violent pleasure as orgasm overwhelmed her senses. She shook helplessly, rattling the glass, crying out as he bent to kiss her and swallow the sounds of pleasure from her throat. 

Laurie collapsed against him, weak and breathless. He kept his mouth on hers, tongue plunging deep as his fingers retreated from her pussy. He rubbed his palm gently over her ass cheeks, soothing the burn of her punishment. Then his hands were gone and she heard his fly unzipping, his pants hitting the floor. He withdrew his mouth and pushed her hands back up to the glass. He grasped her hips and pulled forcefully, bending her more deeply over the window ledge. His breath shuddered against her neck as she felt his hard cock probe her entrance. 

"You're so wet," he groaned. His left hand slid up under her dress to toy with her nipple, pinching it between thumb and forefinger and twisting roughly. 

"Ahhh," she breathed as the pangs shot straight to her sensitized clit. "Yes, Daniel..." 

"Do you want me to fuck you?" he whispered in her ear. 

"Yes!" 

"How much do you want it?" Meeting no resistance from her well-lubricated pussy, the swollen tip of his cock slid inside. He stopped there, awaiting her response. 

She gasped sharply. "More than anything. I've wanted you all summer. I've tried to stop wanting you, but I can't. I want...I need you inside me. All the way." 

With a groan he thrust himself inside her to the hilt, filling her completely. Her pussy walls clenched around him. His hot breath quickened against her neck as he moved inside her. Slowly at first, then rolling his hips in time with the thunder, driving into her over and over without mercy, like the driving rain cascading over the glass in front of her. Pounding, pulsing, throbbing, storming passion inside and outside and all around her. One hand massaging her breast, fingers stroking and pinching her nipple. Other hand fingering her clit, working her relentlessly toward release. Slap of flesh on flesh echoing slap of water on glass. 

Laurie felt him trembling against her back as he took her faster, harder, claiming her with a savagery that matched the raging storm outside. Warm sweat rained from his face, trickling down her neck along with the cold rainwater from her drenched hair. Waves of sensation rolled through her body. Humid pressure built within her core, a rising storm of pleasure about to break. 

Daniel's thrusts became erratic, desperate. "Laurie...oh fuck," he rumbled in her ear. Thunder roared and Daniel roared as his cock spasmed inside her, his hot seed spurting into her and filling her in wave after wave. Lightning blasted across the sky and Laurie blasted apart as her orgasm took her violently. Pealing thunder drowned out her screams. The flow of their combined fluids down her thighs mirrored the flow of rain down the windowpane. 

Daniel's weight sagged against her back and he breathed raggedly into her ear. Laurie laughed with breathless exhilaration. She turned, meeting his hazy eyes and dazed grin, clasped his face with both hands and kissed him deeply. He kissed her back, wrapping his arms around her, not caring that his shirt was now nearly as wet as her dress. They held each other, heart rates slowing together. 

Outside the rain slowed. Thunder faded to a distant murmur. Pounding receded to slapping, to staccato clapping, to soothing, rhythmic dripping. Just as suddenly as it had begun, the storm passed. 

Daniel pulled away with a sigh and unbuttoned his wet shirt, draping it over his chair. He was fully naked now. Laurie's mouth watered at the sight of his lean-muscled torso, lightly shadowed with hair around the nipples and trailing down the middle of his belly to the tuft of soft curls above his cock. "Let's stay here a while until we dry off," he said. 

She nodded and retrieved her panties from the floor. Daniel grasped her wrist. 

"You won't need those," he said. "You only have a few weeks left in your internship and I intend to make the most of them." 

Laurie's stomach fluttered. She opened her hand and let the thong drop. "Whatever you say," she whispered huskily. "You're the boss." 

He smirked. "Then I'll give you your next assignment. It's supposed to storm again tomorrow. Wear another sundress. The flimsier the better."