 She was nervous, excited. They were meeting today--THE RENDEZVOUS. They had been talking about it for days. He had made arrangements for a room, but she didn't know really all that he had in mind. She was on edge--in a good way--anticipating. The sexual tension in her was about to burst. 

They were meeting for lunch at a very nice seafood restaurant. He told her what car he would be driving. She told him what she would be wearing--black skirt with a split almost to her hip and black heels, black tank top and dress jacket. She wanted him to want her. 

She told him that morning that there would also be a surprise when they met--no panties and access in the crotch of her pantyhose. She tantalized him with the idea of her touching herself before getting out of her vehicle, and giving him a taste of herself before going into the restaurant. She could hear his breath catch when she shared this plan with him on the phone. She smiled to herself. She knew he liked the idea.

She spent much of the morning in preparations--a long, hot, luxurious shower. As she washed herself with the soapy washcloth, she imagined it was his hands sliding over her body--and moaned with the pleasure of anticipation. She washed her hair--again and again until she was satisfied that it would be perfect when dried. She dried and powdered and perfumed. She let her hair dry a little bit on its own while she made sure her clothes were just right. She styled her hair, taking time to make sure that it lay prefectly. Then, it was make up time--nothing too much--just a little foundation and a bit of blush. She waited until just before time to meet him to add a little lipstick--nothing too brash or bold. 

She drove to the restaurant. Her mind was awhirl with anticipation of what was to happen later. When she was almost there, she spread her legs as she drove, and dipped her fingers inside her quim, and covered them with the scent of her love nest. 

She drove to where she thought the restaurant was, panicked a little when she wasn't finding it, but drove on a little further and saw the sign--Jim's Seafood. The parking lot was full. She couldn't find his car. But, he flashed his lights for her, and she pulled into the space beside him.

It was raining. He got out of his car, and brought an umbrella with him. She got out of her van when the umbrella was opened, and they stood together in the rain and kissed briefly. He asked for a taste of her fingers, and moaned with pleasure as he sucked her love juice from them. 

They made their way into the restaurant and were ushered to a small table in the back by a window with a wonderful view of the river. The river was low and the tumbling of the water over the sluice was almost mesmerizing. Small talk ensued. They discussed what to order. There were a few allusions to later--a couple of blushes by her, and some smiles of anticipation from both of them. The lunch was delicious. He ordered Boston Scrod and she ordered Galveston Oysters. They talked and laughed and enjoyed each other's company. 

Mutually, they agreed that it was time to leave. The rain had stopped. There was a freshness in the air that always follows a good rain. They walked to the cars, kissed. She followed him in her van. The anticipation was welling up in her--slightly jangled nerves--raw with excitement about what was to come in just a little bit. His left blinker was on. Oh, my! She followed him through the parking lot of the hotel. Her nerves were atingle. Her legs felt weak. Would she be able to walk with him? 

He parked. She parked. She managed to get out of the car and bring her bag of "necessities." He smiled at her. She calmed a bit. They walked together. He made small talk--bits and pieces about nothing in particular--to calm her. He was a bit nervous too, but more confident than she. 

When they got to the door, he unlocked it and held it for her to enter first. It was as he had described--a nice room with a king sized bed. He had turned back the sheets already. Her breath caught in her chest. He turned on some lights, and came back to her. He took her in his arms and kissed her deeply--soul to soul. She responded in kind, her small tongue waging passion's war with his larger one. There were no losers in this war--only winners. This kiss ignited the passion that had been dwelling within both of them. She could feel him grow hard against her as her quim became damp. 

He broke the kiss and said he was going for ice for later. She walked around the room, unsure of what to do. Within a few minutes, he was back. He came to her again and kissed her gently. He slipped her jacket off her shoulders and very carefully hung it up. He kissed her again. This time he moved down her neck and kissed her chest. He took the bottom of her shirt in his hands and started to pull up. She raised her arms to help him take it off. Her shirt was off. He put his arms around her, kissed her again. He ran his hands over her shoulders and back. It was the first time he had touched her skin there. The tingle from his hands was electric to her. It sent shivers up her spine and fire into her groin. She responded--kissing him deeply, passionately. He moved his hands up to the hooks of her brassiere. Within seconds her breasts were freed. He took a moment to look at her, bent down and gently teased each nipple with his tongue and hands. Her breath caught. She thought her knees would buckle. He started to unzip her skirt. It caught, and she helped him finish. It fell to the floor in a pool of black. She was clad only in the crotchless pantyhose. She slid them down, and there she was, just as God had made her without the encumbrances of clothing. He held her, kissed her, running his hands over her body as if he wanted to melt her into him. 

It was his turn to undress. He asked her to lie on the bed and wait for him. She watched as he undressed--slowly. Her loins were aching. She wanted him to hurry, but she was patient--he would be hers soon. First, he removed his jacket and hung it next to hers. Then he removed his shirt and undershirt. She was getting anxious--she wanted him next to her. Finally, he removed his pants and underwear. Oh, she could hardly wait for him to walk across the room!

He moved to the bed and lay down next to her. Her heart was pounding. She was breathless. He put his arms around her and pulled her close--body to body, skin to skin. It felt so good to be held. They kissed--deeply as if their tongues could touch the other's soul. She moaned in pleasure. 

Intent on pleasuring her, he kissed her chin, her jaw line, her neck, and moved down her body to kiss her chest. In turn, he gently kissed each nipple, lightly running his tongue over each one. Her nipples immediately hardened in response. He moved on down her body, kissing lightly over her abdomen and down to her naval. He ran his tongue inside French kissing that hollow. She gasped and moaned at the sensation. Her hips were already starting to move in anticipation of the delights that were to come. He moved further down. He kissed the inside of her right thigh, moving all the way down to kiss the sensitive spot on the back of her knee. Slowly, deliberately, sensuously teasing her senses, he moved back up her right thigh. She thought he was going to her quim, but he moved to her left thigh and slowly and deliberately repeated the process. He kissed her gently down the inside of her left thigh to the back of her knee and then back up. She was breathless with anticipation, making pleasure moans with each touch of his lips and tongue. Her hips were starting to thrust. She wanted him so! 

Her legs were quivering with excitement. He gently pulled her dew lips apart. He flicked her clitoris with the tip of his tongue. The touch sent a jolt of electric pleasure throughout her body. Her body tensed. She moaned unable to express her pleasure in any other way. She pushed towards him. His lingual attentions to her quim and clit became more intense. He started at the entrance to her love canal and gently but quickly licked up over her dew lips to her clit. She cried out at the sensation. She was even wetter. He had his hands on her hips. She put her hands on his and gripped tightly. Raising her pelvis she thrust to his mouth, rocking her hips in rhythm with his flicking tongue on her clit. She made breathless sounds of pleasure with each brush of his tongue. Her breathing became ragged. Her cries were coming more quickly. Her pelvis moved more fervently. His tongue darted on her clit stimulating it to an intense hardness and sensitivity. She could feel her orgasm building deep inside her. She could hold it no longer. There was an explosion from within her that felt like jolts of electricity to every part of her body, especially from her quim. She had cum! He tasted the sweet spiciness of her love juices--cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg. He loved the smell of her--the taste of her. He took all of her in, basking in the joy of the orgasm that HE had caused--relishing the satisfaction at being the one to make her feel such pleasure. 

He kissed her clit one more time--kissed her dew lips and her thighs, and then moved up to lie beside her. He moved his hands over her body, talking sweetly to her. Her breath was still ragged from the orgasm, and her heart was racing. He could feel its rapid rhythm in her chest. He talked to her, encouraging her to slow her breathing and relax in the afterglow. He turned her face towards his, and leaned down to deeply soul kiss her, tongue to tongue--allowing her to share in the taste of her cum--the results of their passion. 

She kissed him fervently. She nudged him onto his back, and climbed on top of him and lay her body the length of his. They were nose to nose, breast to chest, pelvis to pelvis. She spread her legs so she was astride. She continued to kiss him and he responded in kind. He put his arms around her and held her closer. She kissed his lips. She kissed his face. She kissed his eyes. She moved down and flicked her tongue on his earlobe. He moaned with pleasure. She moved further down his body. She kissed his chest with soft butterfly kisses. She kissed and teased each of his nipples to hardness. Further, further she moved down his body. Slowly, she kissed his abdomen. She French kissed his naval. He groaned with pleasure. She kissed further down. She moved her hands over his belly and legs. She kissed his inguinal areas. She kissed the insides of his thighs--light kisses--just flicking her tongue on his skin. She teased his manhood with her hands--just very lightly running her hand over the head and down the shaft. 

Gently, she squeezed his nut sacks. He moaned. He was getting hard. She moved down and took one of his nuts in her mouth and sucked--running her tongue lightly over the skin. He moaned again with pleasure. She took the other one in her mouth and again teased the skin with her small darting tongue. He moaned at the sensation. He was even harder. She started to give attention to his dick. She started at the base, and began to lick up the shaft with soft wet licks--with her tongue flattened so he could feel the velvety wet smoothness against his sensitive skin. Slowly, slowly she moved up--licking all the while. He called her name, and told her how good it felt. She smiled to herself, pleased that he was enjoying her ministrations. Further up she moved. She reached the frenulum. She flicked it lightly with her tongue. He made the pleasure moans and sighs again. Then, she took the head inside her mouth and began to suck--all the while moving her tongue all around the corona, paying particular attention to the frenulum and licking up onto the glans. He was ramrod hard. His breath was coming rapidly. 

He reached down and took her hands, and gently pulled. She looked up. He told her he wanted her to come back up to him. She gave his dick one more suck and lick and kiss on the glans. She moved back up, and they lay together again--nose to nose, lips to lips, breast to chest and pubic bone to pubic bone. They kissed again and again, deeply--their tongues dueling passion. She spread her legs and was astride. She sat up and raised up a bit. With his help guiding his dick to her love cavern, she impaled herself on him with a gasp. They started to move together--rocking with the rhythm of lovers who have known each other for years--it was as if they instinctively knew what would please the other. On and on they went. She felt a wave of pleasure as he thrust from beneath her. She rocked on his manhood with small circles, tightening her muscles around him. He moaned in pleasure as her quim muscles hugged his shaft again and again. The smooth friction pleasured them both. They stared into each other's eyes living in the moment of this excitement. She felt her orgasm rising again. She called out as she came, and lay back down on his chest. They kissed deeply, both moaning with the sensations that tingled their bodies. 

He guided her off of his body and helped her to turn on her back. He had to taste her again. He was insatiable. It was as if his first taste of her had created a craving of her that he just had to have--that he couldn't live another second without having the taste of her on his tongue. He wanted to feel her body shudder with the orgasm as it filled his mouth. He pulled her lips apart and kissed her clit, gently but ardently flicking with his tongue. She responded with gasps and tightening of her muscles. She grabbed his hands on her hips again and held on tightly. He moved to the entrance of her love cavern. He darted his tongue in and she called out at the sensation of his tongue inside her. He licked again from her love cavern up over her clitoris and sucked and licked. She was panting with the pleasure. He spelled the alphabet on her clit--slowly and deliberately with his tongue. He spelled their names on her clit. He spelled the word CUM on her clit. She was breathing raggedly with the pleasure. She felt a burn-tingle beginning in her groin and spreading over her buttocks. She bucked harder against his mouth. The more she moved, the more intent he became on making her climax the most intense she had ever had.

He continued with small circles with his tongue on her clit--to the left and to the right--up and down with his tongue on her clit--side to side on her clit. She was getting louder with her ragged breathing--almost a squeal. She was bucking her hips more--squeezing her hands on his tightly. The muscles in her legs and hips were quivering. Her pelvic muscles were contracting tightly. He fully licked her again from bottom to top several times. She squealed each time--the burning-tingle was spreading down the backs of her thighs. This pleasure torture of his tongue on her clit was almost unbearable--but she didn't want him to stop. She wanted the sensation of that pleasing torture to go on and on. The burn-tingle moved down the backs of her calves and into her ankles. She was breathing hard, moving against his tongue as he licked and sucked, and then spelled their names again. The burn-tingle had reached her toes. The climax came as her body tensed and her love juices exploded from her. He was taking all of it into his mouth greedily--as if he had been given the most delectable dessert that could be imagined. The sweet spiciness of her tantalized his senses. Her scent excited him. Her tasted enthralled him. He couldn't get enough of her. He had brought this pleasure to his lover. He was pleased with the efforts. 

Her breathing was still hard and fast, and her body quivered as the waves of the orgasm had washed over her body and the ripples were slowing. He gently moved up to lie beside her again. Kissing her gently, he moved his hands over her body to calm her and told her to take in deep slow breaths to relax. 

He told her it was time for a rest. He turned to his right side and encouraged her to do the same. They spooned their bodies together--her back to his chest. She moved her legs back towards his. He let her slip her legs in between them so their legs were entwined. He had his right arm under the pillow that her head was on. He put his left arm around her and let his hand rest gently on her breast. He kissed the back of her neck, and told her to relax and rest. She snuggled back into him. Now and then she made little purring sounds. He smiled to himself--pleased that he had been able to arouse such passion in her and that she had cum so intensely and that she was still basking in the pleasure of her orgasms. He leaned in closer to her so he could feel the softness of her hair against his cheek and he could smell the scent of her body. Her breathing slowed. She was relaxed in his arms. He could feel the tension leaving her body as she rested there against him. Then he realized, with surprise, that she had fallen asleep. It made him happy that she was comfortable enough to fall asleep. Her nap was not long, but he held her the whole time, smiling to himself at her contentedness, and was himself contented in the remembrance of the passionate love they had just made. He watched her sleep, enjoying the closeness of their bodies spooned together as if they were made to fit into one another.

She awoke with a little start. He spoke soothing words to her knowing that she didn't realize where she was. When she apologized for having fallen asleep, he assured her that it was fine and that he had loved holding her and watching her while she dozed. He held her closer and kissed the back of her neck and her shoulder blades. She moaned that purring pleasure sound that he so loved to hear. She turned to face him and they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed, deeply passionately for a long, long time. It was as if time were standing still, and they were the only two people in the world--at least the only two who mattered as they explored each other with their hands--their fingers kindled the fires of passion with the merest feather touches and their tongues danced together sparking those kindled passion fires to a roaring blaze. Rushing blood engorged love's body parts as he became aroused and she became wetter with the anticipation of the further lovemaking that awaited them. It was as if Aphrodite herself had put a spell on them, and their passion became all-consuming. 

She sat up and moved down to his groin area and took him into her mouth. Her small darting tongue gave him tingles of pleasure throughout his body. He looked down at her. Her position gave him excellent view and access to loves grotto. He touched her ever so lightly, running his finger the length of her from the love canal up to her clit. She gasped as she was kissing and licking his manhood. Her body convulsed with the tingle caused by his finger on her sweetness of Venus. The pleasure she experienced caused her to squeal in delight--she laid back and spread her legs further open for him. She continued to stimulate his ramrod hard manhood--moving her hand gently but firmly up and down the shaft and teasing the head and corona with feather touches of her fingertips. Her climax was building. He could see her contracting muscles as her hips bucked against his fingers. The orgasm burst from her--the creamy white cum squirted from her love canal. The site of it, the scent of it brought his senses to a level that he almost could not bear. 

He moved to position himself on top of her, raising her legs to his shoulders--opening her wide and he gently moved his manhood to the gate of her secret garden of delights. He moved inside her just a tiny bit at a time--wanting to prolong the sensations for both of them. He thrust deep inside her--her love muscles encircling him, undulating caresses up and down his sabot shaft, causing him to moan in pleasure. They were rocking slowly together, looking into each other's eyes as if staring into their eternal souls. She moved her legs down to hook them around his thighs to aid with her leverage to meet him thrust for thrust. As he saboted her with his love rod, she thrust back moving in small circles and rippling her love muscles around him. He told her to look into his eyes and cum for him. She held his arms tightly with her small hands, and met him thrust for thrust taking pleasure in the moments of their enjoined bodies. Breathless moans of pleasure emanated from her. They were drowning in each other's pleasure--their love scents co-mingled and filled the room. Still looking directly into his eyes, she exploded with love's rapturous orgasm, dropping her hot cum to envelope his dick as it continued to thrust inside her. At her climactic moment, his cum exploded into her as well. They cried out together at this joy. She continued to contract and undulate her muscles around his manhood, milking that sweet nectar to mingle with her own love juices. 
