 It's late, after midnight on a Thursday and as is my routine I stopped off and had a couple of beers on my way home. I let myself in to the house and head for the shower. My pajamas are laid out in the bathroom, which usually means my lady wants me to be quiet so I don't wake her when I head upstairs fumbling through the closet looking. I shower quickly and dress so I can head upstairs to sleep, I am off on Fridays and I am looking forward to getting some yard work done before my girl gets home from work so we can hit the town. 

As I reach the top of the stairs I can hear her shuffle across the bedroom floor I reach for the door I hear the first few bars of Mazzy Star's Fade Into You start up. I pause briefly realizing what I am hearing and what that sound might mean. 

When I walk into the bedroom I am greeted by a vision cut from my deepest fantasies. My girl is standing at the dresser adjusting the volume on the stereo, her back to me, dressed in one of my flannel shirts and a pair of white cotton panties, if she had acknowledged my presence in the room I might have just assumed she had smoked a little pot and hadn't expected me home yet, but when she didn't turn to face me I knew what she had in mind. 

I crossed the room quickly and wrapped my arms around her waist I shifted my face around her long brown hair to nuzzle against her neck. She pressed her body against me and sighed deeply. I slipped my hand inside the shirt she was wearing to softly cradle her breast and squeeze her nipple between my first two fingers, the change in her breathing was all the signal I needed and I slid my hand down the front of her shirt to glide across the front of her panties, only to find them already damp and so warm. Gently I pressed my palm against her mound while she pressed back against me, with the difference in our height my cock, already hard and sensitive pressed against the small of her back. 

I reached down and picked her up, cradling her in my arms I swung her around as I kissed her, after we kissed for a couple of moments I laid her down on the bed we slept on, as I began to step out of my pajamas she unbuttoned the green and black flannel she was wearing. Immediately the smell of her arousal filled my nostrils, making me a little crazy. I leaned in, taking her nipple in my mouth softly and running my tongue across it until it peaked stiff in my mouth. While slowly sucking on her nipple I slid my hand down her stomach tickling, rubbing, pressing until I passed through the thatch of hair between her legs. As I rubbed her I splayed my fingers so I could rub the swollen lips of her sex and then bringing my fingers up to rub either side of her clit. After a moment or two of this teasing and her realizing that I am not going to penetrate her she puts her hand on the back of my neck and with a little insistent pressure she makes her intentions and desires abundantly clear.

I waste no time in sliding over her and slipping down between her legs offering up a kiss on her stomach and on each one of her thighs before running my tongue up either side of her panties. I bring myself up onto my knees and she puts both feet on my chest as I slide her panties off of her legs. She lays back and spreads her legs I can see the moisture gathering in the dark patch of hair that lay between her thighs. 

I lean over and plant a soft kiss against her mons without actually touching her clit, which is already starting to swell beneath its hood. Slowly I slide my body over hers kissing my way up her stomach, stopping briefly at each breast circling each nipple slowly with my tongue before sucking it softly between my lips and teasing the end of it with the tip of my tongue.

I continue my journey upward until I am poised over her, my lips planting soft kisses on her neck and earlobes and the swollen head of my cock pressing against her clit, she begins to grind against me trying to coax me inside of her and while it takes all of the control I have I pull back because I can tell she is just as ready as I am and if I allow myself to slide into that warm and inviting place we will both begin a quick decent into soft oblivion and while it would be satisfying it would also be skipping my absolute favorite part of sex with this vision, my goddess, my love.

I disengage myself from her and slide back down between her legs with a little more urgency then I had when I made the journey up her beautiful body, as I came to rest between her legs she draped both thighs across my shoulders and I slid my hands up her ribcage, I then ran my tongue first up one side of her pussy and then down the other as if framing out the space in which I intended to focus and then I slide the tip of my tongue between her lips and up until I find her clit already so engorged and sensitive, I begin to lavish it with firm even pressure from my tongue and lips. Long evenly pressured strokes with the flat of my tongue, after a few strokes she rewards me with a long sigh and a hand almost absently stroking my hair. These are the signs that I watch for as I continue making love to her beautiful pussy with just my mouth while exploring her ribcage and stomach with my hands, I avoid touching her breasts at all during this because I am waiting for another sign from my love, for it is part of the beauty of our dance, the nonverbal cues sent from her to I and from I to her, that signal our desires and arousal. 

After a couple of minutes of slowly licking and sucking her clit into my mouth I slide my tongue down to her entrance already wet from her excitement and my own, now I do not linger but just brush across her on my way back up to her clit. Then I see the other signal I had been waiting for she removes her hand from my head and the other from behind her head and begins pushing her breasts together rubbing and pinching her nipples lightly at first but then with more force as I continue my ministrations.

I then slide my left arm underneath me to support my weight and using my right middle finger I begin to circle the opening to her vagina, her breathing quickens and her eyes are tightly closed as I slide that finger in to the second knuckle, she pushes back against me firmly and I press up slightly before beginning to thrust in and out against her G-spot timing the circles my finger is rubbing against her spot with the circles my tongue is drawing around her clit all while keeping the backs of my fingers against her outer lips trying to stimulate her as much as possible, when her breathing becomes a soft almost continuous moan I slip my ring finger into her as well and begin stroking as deeply as I can all while keeping the pressure directed upward, after a couple of moments I suck her clit into my mouth and begin to work faster, I know she can feel me breathing harder myself and this urges her on to her climax, she begins to thrust her pelvis harder against me and calls out " Oh God, Oh baby ". Then it hits her, her entire body tenses and I pull her clit into my mouth and hold my tongue against it, I continue to stroke my fingers in and out just to coax her on a little higher. 

After a moment she relaxes and I withdraw my fingers, soaked now as are my face and goatee, I lay between her legs my head resting on her stomach and I can feel the warmth radiating from between her legs onto my chest. After a moment she pulls me up to her and I begin to kiss her neck and face both flushed pink with a light sheen of sweat.

She pulls me into her and the feeling is glorious my cock is throbbing and she and I both know that I will not last long, but at least I know from the soft glazed look in her eyes and the soft whispered " God I love you" as I slide my cock into to the hilt, that my love is satisfied and that is all the reward I need. I prop myself up on my forearms so that I can cradle her head beneath mine while I stroke slowly in and out of her wet heat. I can feel my pubic bone grinding against her clit and within a couple of moments she begins to tense beneath me and it is more than I can take, even though my pace has been incredibly slow as her second orgasm begins my takes me over as well. I hold my self as deep into her as I can and she grinds against me as I come over and over again. 

I lay next to her and she lays her head on my chest both of us breathing heavy and content, I would love to repeat the whole process again as I can never get enough but I know she is way too sensitive too touch right now and she has to get up early for work. So I watch while she gets up from the bed and begins to clean up I chuckle a little as she kind of waddles out to the bathroom to keep our come from running down her legs. And she shoots me the finger as she leaves the room knowing I am having a laugh at her expense.

I roll over and set the alarm and begin to rummage around for my smokes I pull out one for each of us while I wait for her to return probably with a big glass of water wearing her big baggy pajamas, talking about something crazy she encountered during the course of her day as if nothing more happened then a quick handshake and I smile to myself and wait for my love to