 (This the second half to my story Thursday, but no worries if you have not read it for this story stands on it's own ;))

It had been 6months since that Thursday when he had touched me, violated me in the most pleasurable of ways. For so long I wondered and worried if he would come back. He never did, but in the back of my mind I wanted him to. I knew what he had done was wrong, in a sense he had raped me yet I enjoyed it, I had wanted it. He had forced that wanting on me; I did not ask him to come inside my apartment that afternoon, I did not ask him to fuck me till I was raw. Though I didn't beg him to stop once he was pounding my holes unmercifully. 

I think of him constantly it seems, hating him and wanting him at the same time. One afternoon while dropping off my rent check I ran into my landlord at the mailbox, we started a casual conversation when he mentioned "him" his son. My heart skipped a beat and my palms began to shake, I didn't know if it was in fear or lust. He told me that "he" had joined a band and they were touring on the east coast, he laughed and said it was his sons calling to travel from one club to another, that since he was young he was obsessed with music. I didn't know how I felt knowing that he was no longer in the same state. 

My confusion continued for what seems like forever. I dated off and on in the 6month time frame, sometime casual dinners and brief making out, other times hardcore fucking and a fake I'll call you sometime. I didn't care really; I wasn't looking for some one on a permanent basis. On the nights that I was alone I would lay in bed, the same bed that he had done those things to me on and I would fantasize about him sneaking in while I slept. I would imagine his fingers trailing lightly up my arm down my cheek, lightly caressing my lips. I would be startled awake and he would press the palm of his hand against my mouth 

"shh" he would whisper; holding a finger up to his pursed lips. He would tell me with his eyes alone that I was not to make a sound if I knew what was good for me. My body would writhe and slide on my sheets as my fingers would play along the creases of my womanhood, as I imagined them being first his hands then his swollen cock. I would climax hard, drenching my fingers in my juices, once I had my heart under control I would curl up and cry myself to sleep. What was wrong with me? How could I lust and need someone who I knew had violated me? Slowly I was realizing that in my own way I was falling in love with this person I did not know any good of. I tried therapy but it did nothing for me, just made me feel even more of a fool. That’s when I decided to visit a friend, maybe getting away from it all would heal my body enough that I could get back to my normal routine of being a nonchalant, sex is for fun, fuck em and leave em female again. 

Casey lived in Boston, Mass. and for years had invited me to come visit her. She had moved there for college and once her 4 years was up she decided to stay permanently. She seemed to love it.

"You really should come and visit, you'd love it here." she would say and finally this time I agreed, so here I am. I was waiting for Casey to get out of the bathroom; we were going to a local club that was featuring a hardcore type band called Regrets and Mistakes. I had never heard of them but the name got my attention. I was the odd man out where I lived in my music choice, but here I fit right in. I was looking forward to our night out, good music good company and maybe after good sex. Laughing to myself thinking 'a girl could dream' I turned to see Casey standing in the doorway to the bathroom looking stunning as always in black jeans and a black mock turtle neck tank top. 

"Well you ready to get the hell out of here?" she asked me reaching her hand out and clasping mine.

"Absolutely" I smiled, squeezing her hand. We drove to the club with music blaring and the windows down letting the wind make a mess of the hair we had spent time trying to make manageable. Walking into the club we were surprised at how packed it was, it was an hour yet till the main band was to start yet it looked as if every seat in the house was taken. We ordered our drinks and proceeded to hunt down a table with a couple single guys; thinking maybe if we flirted a little they'd invite us to sit. Luckily for us the house band sucked and a couple at a table near the stage decided to leave and offered us their seats. Not hesitating a moment we sat and got comfy, chatting about mundane things such as clothing, shoes (both of our passion) and music. 

Shortly the lights went down and the Mc got on stage to announce the band. They came on with a vengeance. The crowd all stood up and sorta yelled, screamed and moved the best we could to the hella hott music. They were awesome; the lead singer wasn't bad looking either. The rest of the band was still in the dark as the lights hadn't come all the way up. Then out of the darkness there "he" was. He had stepped forward to start screaming emotionally into the microphone. My heart stopped right then and there. 

It had been 6 long months that I had hated, dreamed, lusted and wanted him, now there he was standing right in front of me. I just stood there staring at him, he looked gorgeous under the lights, his hair looking like dark silk and his dark eyes sparkling, he looked perfect screaming the heart breaking lyrics. Casey tapped my arm.

"Hun you look like you saw a ghost, what’s up? do you not like em?" she asked. I just looked at her for a moment. What could I say? I couldn't tell her that the bassist, yelling his heart out had had his way with me and pretty much raped me could I? No I snapped out of it, he didn't see me, he wouldn't see me I decided. I smiled at Casey.

"No I'm fine, sorry, just kinda got lost in the music," I say laughing "I'm gonna go get another drink" I tell her walking off. I would so need another drink if I was to make it through this night. walking back to my seat, with my nerves a little more calm I nearly ran into a drunk guy which draws the attention of the now conversing with the crowd lead singer. 

"Oops watch it there" he laughs and all eyes are on me. Two steps from my seat and he sees me. He recognizes me, he stares and I stare. I keep walking never taking my eyes off him. Then he does something that I would expect, he smiles that devilish grin. I reached my seat and fall hard into it. Damn him, he has made my knees weak. This isn't happening I think to myself, for Casey's benefit I try and get control of myself and enjoy the rest of their set. To be honest they are awesome and their lyrics are killer. Soon I’m enjoying and forgetting that "he's" up there. 

After an hour of playing they leave the stage for what I assume is the back stage area and hopefully out a back door. Casey and I sit there drinking our 3rd drink of the night and discussing the band in general. We both agree that they were well worth the 5dollar cover charge. Suddenly I see Casey's eyes grow round as saucers, and I know someone is behind me. She smiles this shitty grin as I feel a tap on my shoulder then the press of someone’s cheek against mine, and the warm whisper of:

"Never thought I'd see you here princess." Instantly my pulse speeds up, it all comes rushing back to me. My body reacts, my hands become sweaty, my heart beats faster, my breathing becomes rapid and shallow. Not to mention that my nipples get hard and my pussy gets moist. He does all this to me without laying a hand on me. I turn and look into his dark foreboding eyes. I just stare, I don't know what to say to him, I mean what does one say to their attacker, all be it an attacker that I've lusted after for 6 months. Casey saves the moment by asking to be introduced. Reaching for my drink I take a huge swallow trying to moisturize my now dry mouth. I introduce them and he invites himself to sit down. He talks to Casey making small talk. I can't believe the balls on this kid, he's just sitting there as if we are old friends and not what we are. He places his hand on my thigh and starts rubbing up and down, slowly gliding is fingers to the inside of my thigh. My god it feels so good and deep down I know this isn't a sane thing to be happening but at the moment I no longer care. I open my legs a little wider letting him know how I want things to advance.

"Excuse me, or us for a moment would you? I would love to dance with this beauty." He says to Casey, reaching down and pulling me to my feet. I don't say a word I just follow him. He leads me to a small dance floor located to the side of the stage. Pulling me close in his arms he starts talking to me in hushed tones.

"I've thought about you a lot, thinking of how good it felt to be inside you. How you said no, but your body said yes." I tried pulling away from him at his reminders. He held tight not letting me move and inch. 

"No princess, your not going anywhere, your right where you want to be and we both know it. Why bother denying it? I could feel the heat from that sweet pussy of yours." My face turned beat red, not that I could see it but I certainly could feel it. He was right and it was futile of me to deny it. He pulled me as close as he could and kissed the side of my neck, instantly goose bumps formed all down my skin. His teeth glided down my neck then at my collar bone he bit me. Not hard enough to draw blood but enough to make me cry out in mild pain. His hands then went to my ass and squeezed, looking in my eyes he said

"I'm gonna fuck you, tonight right now." I tried to shake my head no, how? there was no way. 

"Oh yes doll, I'm gonna slide my thick, hard cock deep inside that tight wet pussy of yours. I'm gonna fuck you till your screaming in pain and pleasure." My muscles turned into liquid at his words and he held me tighter keeping me from hitting the floor in a heap. He laughed that evil laugh of his that probably sent girls to their knees at his feet.

"Lets go princess." he pulled me towards a dark hallway.

"Wait, I can't just leave I have to tell Casey." I say digging in my heels trying to get him to stop.

"No worries we aren't leaving the club." Never stopping he pulled me down the hallway and opened a wooden door painted black. It was dark at first, he pushed me in and shut the door making it even darker, then he flipped on a switch and the room was illuminated; revealing a large bathroom with black and white tile floors, a long black counter top with a sink, two stalls with black painted doors and a long wide comfortable looking black leather sofa type thing. I turned to look at him.

"You...we are gonna have sex in a bathroom?" I questioned. He didn't bother with an answer he just pulled me by my waist and slammed me up against the door. grabbed my wrist and held them with one hand over my head, then pasted his mouth against mine. Wasting no time in driving his soft hot tongue into my waiting mouth. Christ I wanted this boy/man whatever. I didn't care anymore, I didn't care that I was in lust or love with my molester, I didn't care that it was wrong, all I cared about was getting this undeniable craving for him out of my system. 

We kissed each other brutally like it would be our last kiss, as if our lives depended on this kiss for survival. Never pulling back from my lips he pulled up my shirt and yanked my demi cup bra under my breasts. His fingers reached for my aroused pink nipple pulling, twisting and tweaking it the way I loved for them to be. My pussy was dripping with the juices of my desire, and my mind was reeling with the fact that soon his hard cock would be fucking the hell out of me. His mouth left mine and started traveling down the side of my neck then to my full breasts, when his mouth latched on to a nipple I moaned out in ecstasy, and when his teeth bit it gently I moaned even louder, not caring if the people outside the room could hear. 

"oh fuck that feels so good" my hands had been released and I was running my fingers through his hair, pulling his head closer. He moved over to the second breast giving that nipple the same attention as it's sister. I was dying by then; I needed his fingers, his cock something inside my aching cunt. He must have read my thoughts somehow. he pulled me over the couch and sat making me stand.

"take your pants off and let me see that sweet cunt of yours." I hesitated for all of 3 seconds before undoing my jean capri's and pulling them down. 

"I see you still don't wear panties" he laughed rubbing the back of his finger against my smoothly shaven pussy lips. My lips were swollen and pink, the liquid shined like a welcome sign. He took his index finger and started rubbing my swollen clit. I know I have a huge clit and thank god for it too. It makes everything so much more pleasurable, and I had no idea if my large clit has anything to do with that fact that when I got it good I could squirt what felt like buckets. I leaned into his finger holding onto his strong sinewy wrist. He pulled away and commanded me to undo his pants and pull out his cock.

"On your knees doll, I want you to please me good before I make you cum." I fell to my knees quickly undoing his huge XXX belt buckle then gently drew down the zipper on his black jeans, pulling his straining 8 1/2 inch cock out. Just looking at it made my lips water, I didn't need to be told what to do I instinctively knew what he wanted. I wrapped my tiny hand around his huge organ and started stroking up and down slowly. Pre cum dripped out of the head and I reached up rubbing the palm of my hand around in circles over the head lubing it up. It wasn't enough for me so I leaned down and spit on the head letting it slide down the shaft before taking my hand and stroking it up and down again. He was nice and lubed and was throbbing in my hand.

"God princess that was so fucking hot, I loved seeing you spit on my cock, you did that like a good little slut should." He moaned, biting on his lip a little as I sped up the stroking of my hand. Sucking in air through his teeth he told me. 

"I want you to suck me now baby, suck me nice and good then I'll fuck your holes for you." I smiled and wasted no time, I leaned down and wrapped my full, faded purple painted lips around his engorged cock. Making sure my teeth were cushioned I slowly so very slowly started sliding my lips down, down the length of his cock. Taking as much of it as I could into the hot recesses of my mouth. I had more than half in when he placed his hand on the back of my head and started forcing my face down further, I swallowed trying not to gag as I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat. The muscles of my throat started spasming and I began to gag, saliva running down my chin and down his cock to the fullness of his ball and down the crack of his ass. He let up a little and I was able to pull up. Again moving my lips slowly up his cock, caressing it with the soft tissue of my skin. As soon as I reached the head he forced my head back down, all the way down. Then again I would slowly work my way up the shaft. 

After a couple times he lost his patience and grabbed a handful of hair on each side of my head. His hips started ramming up into my face and I no longer was controlling the motion of my head. He guided my mouth up and down; this was no longer a blow job but now a face fuck. His hips slammed up and down and his cock rammed it's way inside my mouth over and over making me gag repeatedly. I couldn't control the amount of saliva that dripped out of my mouth. I was becoming a mess.

"Ohhh fuck yeah baby, your throat feels soo good. sooooo good." He never let up; my eyes just stared up at him. Huge pools of green.

"you like that don't you little slut, you like having me skull fuck you?" He panted. I thought for sure he was gonna shoot his load down my throat any minute. But he shocked me by pulling his cock out of my mouth with a loud slurping, popping noise.

"I'm gonna fuck you now princess, I'm gonna pound that tight hole of yours so hard right now." He pulled me up had me kneel on the couch my ass facing him. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down the slit of my exposed cunt, letting my juices coat him. He placed the head at the mouth of my hole, sliding it in then out a couple times, then shocking the hell out of me and slamming the entire 8 1/2 inches inside me. I screamed out in pain, how could I not? Though I was sexually active I was extremely tight and worked to make it so. Most of the men I had sex with were of average size so his large cock was quite an intrusion in my pussy. He stood there a moment just letting me get adjusted to his size once again. My pussy clenched tightly around his cock. He moved in and out slowly a couple times and the pain started to subside.

"Oh my. princess I didn't forget how sweet your cunt was but I didn't remember it being so fucking good." he punctuated his words with a harder thrust, making me bite my lip. His cock felt so good sliding in and out of my cunt. I could feel every fucking length of skin on his hard cock, and my cunt was dying from the heat of it. I pushed my hips back into his thrusts. I could hold back no more, I wanted brutal, I want rough, I wanted that Thursday afternoon back.

Turning my head looking at him over my shoulder, my hips moving back faster and faster, feeling the cheeks of my ass ripple slightly as he pounded into me.

"Fuck me baby, fuck me so hard, do me like you did that day. Make me scream you bastard." I gritted through my teeth. He didn't hesitate but laughed breathlessly

"Ohhh yeah bitch, I'm gonna fuck you. I'm gonna make you my slut again, my little whore forever." His hips jack hammered into me brutally. My cunt was starting to ache from it but I loved every second. He grabbed a hand full of hair in each hand and used it as reins. Pulling my head back.

"Mmmmmm fuck yeah, who's my slut huh? who's my nasty lil slut?" He questioned fucking me harder than I've ever been, I could feel my muscles begging for it to stop. 

"I am baby, Oh god I am; make me your dirty whore please." I cried out pushing harder against him, he took one hand out of my hair and wrapping my hair around one hand he to the other and spread my cheeks a little and started using a finger to play with my asshole.

"I think I should finger fuck you tight rosebud too." he said, taking his hand and reaching around my front rubbing on my clit getting his finger lubed up. He then returned his finger to my ass popping the tip in sliding it in past the first knuckle. His hips had slowed slightly so that he could get his finger in. He pushed it in past the second knuckle. The feeling was amazing, but things got even more so when he pushed a second finger in. I moaned out loving the tight slightly painful feel. Slowly a rhythm was developed and my body was humming. His fingers slammed in and out of my tight ass while his huge dick pummeled my tight cunt. 

"Mmmmmm mmm mmm More, more yeah baby give me so much more. rape my ass with your fingers." I screamed no longer holding back, not caring who could hear what was going on. Hell they could walk in and watch and I wouldn't care. 

"I'm gonna make you cum so hard, I want you to cum on my cock, drench me in that sweet cunt juice." he said slamming so hard that my head hit the wall, his fingers digging into my fleshy hips. No longer are there fingers in my ass. I'm so close to cumming. I want to let go yet I don't, I don't want it to end.

"Oh fuck babe I'm so close, I'm getting ready to cum." I'm panting now, and then he does it. He leans forward across my back and reaches his hands up; placing them around my throat he squeezes and slams his cock inside me hard, harder than I've ever felt. The combo it soo much.

"Yes bitch yeah, your gonna cum now slut, cum for me baby, cum on my cock right now." he says squeezing my throat harder, that’s all I need I start squirting my juices, I can feel them flooding down my thighs. Once he feels those first drops he releases the pressure on my neck some. Pounding all the harder. My muscles clench around his cock so tight that he can no longer pull out.
