 Nishant fretted as he looked into his smart phone and read his friend's texts on a chat group. They were poking fun at him. He was in an unusually complex situation. Nishant was single. He wasn't a virgin though. He had dated before, but none of the relationships had been sexually satisfactory in his scheme of things.

'Nish' as his friends called him, had won an 'all expense paid' trip to the beautiful Island of Krabi in Thailand and yet was in a terrible fix. He had called in on a radio channel and won three gruelling rounds of a very competitive quiz. Trip expenses included flights, 3 nights and 4 days stay at an exotic beach resort, lavish gourmet meals, sun bathing at the famous James bond island and treatment at one of the most reputed and exclusive spas owned by the resort. He was most kicked and excited actually, about the scuba diving expedition which was also inclusive as part of the trip.

The catch, unfortunately was that the trip had to be made with ones girlfriend or wife coz it was the freaking valentines day quiz and the folks from the channel would interview them live from Krabi. He had even written a very mushy paragraph of what his love meant to him. That had got him through the qualifying round. Now he'd won the damn quiz and didn't have someone to go with. His friends on his school chat group were having a blast and laughing themselves silly at his plight. What could be worse!! If only he could ask a good looking chick at a bar if she'd like to go on a Thai trip with him! The trip was 3 weeks away and passport formalities just 2 days away.

Nish settled in his office the next day and prepared to call the radio guys to cancel. He was surprised to see a personal message flashing on his chat app. It was from his school friend Tanya. He remembered Tanya to be an average, shy, 'have been' from somewhere in his class. She used to be rather plump and wore braces in her teeth. In school she used to keep mostly to her group of 2 girlfriends who were also quite inconspicuous as her. They could have faded in any class and no one would've noticed.

Nish was bewildered as Tanya had suddenly texted him out of the blue and was asking if he was still looking for someone to go on the trip with. He hadn't seen her since 10th grade and hadn't heard from her either. He was even more surprised when she wanted in on the trip. 'What the hell!' thought Nish. It was either a trip with Tanya or he'd have to miss out on scuba diving which was top on his bucket list of adventures. Not to mention waste of a lavish vacation in Thailand..

All he could text back was, "Sure, it's a pleasant surprise. The last I knew you wore braces and a school uniform! Are u sure you're the same Tanya? Do send me a copy of your passport so I can get it processed". He was surprised that he sounded so cold and business like. He thought, it was probably because he had no feelings for her. She was just a means to a classic vacation. Three weeks flew by in a jiffy.

Nish stood at the airport waiting for Tanya. He had still not seen her. Only a few business like texts has been exchanged on chat. He wondered if she looked the same after so many years. He was 30 and had settled well into his family printing business. He had even made forays into new avenues and was doing rather well. He wondered what Tanya did? He hadn't even bothered to ask and neither had she. They were just going to go on a 5 day trip together. That too as a couple!

There was a tap on his shoulder and he turned around to see who it was. He almost stiffled a gasp! Tanya stood smiling and beaming at him. She was saying things like "oh you look different.. it's been ages.. how have u been.." Nish was speechless at seeing Tanya who looked stunning in a sleeveless polo neck sweater and jeans that clung to her. She had tied her hair high and wore glasses. Two large bronze circles of earrings dangled from her ears which looked stunning to match with her black on black ensemble! Saying that she looked quite in shape would be an understatement. She looked svelte! Slim and fit! Nish only extended pleasantries. He helped keep her bag on the trolley and they proceeded to the terminal. He might have been spell bound.

Nish had just stared at Tanya's toned hips as she walked slightly ahead and made small talk. Nish was at a loss of words through the 6 hour flight but Tanya kept the conversation going. This despite 2 glasses of wine. He wondered if this beauty was the girl he knew in school. He also wondered why she was with him on this trip. He hadn't gathered the courage to ask. Probably he didn't want to mess up the trip, whatever be the reason. Nish was unusually silent through the flight. Her perfume was captivating..

They landed quite early at Phuket airport and slept through the cab ride to exotic Krabi! They could smell the ocean air as soon as they set foot in Krabi. They marvelled at the luxury in their honeymoon suite! It was part of the trip. There was a bit of palpable awkwardness which both couldn't define. After a quick lunch they crashed like logs for few hours. Nish slept on the couch in the drawing room next to the massive window. It had a majestic view of the Andaman seas. Tanya had chided him that he should be making love to her since they were on a couple vacation. Could she be having similar feelings for him? She didn't even draw the curtains, let aside closing the doors between their rooms. Nish was more confused than ever. And perhaps very aroused.

At 6 they were scheduled to see a live performance at the beach side restaurant and enjoy Thai cuisine. Nish freshened and put on a casual beach dress, a lose t-shirt and khaki shorts. The t-shirt fell on his chest to show off his fit pecs and the shorts revealed muscular calves. Nish cycled and worked out regularly. Tanya had requested him to go ahead and that she'd join him at the restaurant. Nish got up as if automatically when she walked in.

Tanya had worn a jade oriental gown that fit her like skin. It had a collar with work on it, short sleeves that showed off her beautiful wheatish arms and a classy touch of dark blue floral designs. She looked like she was gliding. Her emerald earrings shone with the yellow lights of the restaurant. She was beaming as usual. The gown carefully outlined her shapely breasts. They weren't huge, but they were so perfect for her body that they took her beauty to another level. Nish pulled a chair for her. They had a most scrumptious dinner and enjoyed the folk performance. They walked leisurely back to the suite and Nish held the door open for her. The wine, jet lag, food and new experiences had tired them. They waited at the bedroom entrance like a guy would wait at the girls place before seeing her off and the awkwardness came back. They could have kissed, but it seemed so odd as they were sharing the suite. He wasn't about to go anywhere. They came close, but she kissed him on the cheek and said, "get some rest, we need to go dive into the sea tomorrow".. Nish obeyed but couldn't sleep much..

Morning saw them have an early breakfast. Tanya wore a light floral yellow dress that flew with the wind and revealed a satin pink bikini underneath. She was a complete tease. Nish wore a tight fit Jersey and tracks. They started their dive training early and set out for it on the yacht. They changed to wetsuits and started putting on gear. Nish noticed Tanya feasting her eyes on his toned form more than once. Thank god for the hours in the gym. She looked flawless in her wetsuit and her figure was as if it was drawn on paper by a talented paint brush! They dove! They marvelled at the swarms of exotic fish, the turtles, the corals, the life under the ocean. They held hands, swam, showed each other interesting fish. Nish couldn't understand if he was excited, exhilarated, relaxed, enjoying, desirous or confused. He was also trying to hide a massive hard on that would be quite visible from a wetsuit. He felt sparks go through him when Tanya held his arm on the upper deck of their yacht on their way back. Her breast brushed his arm as they stood enjoying the breeze. Nish wanted her. He probably knew, she wanted him too. This felt so different from school times when guys lusted after the coolest girl in class. She was just a 'have been'.

At the hotel, a beautiful service of the finest Japanese Sake and Thai seafood starters awaited them in their room. She teased him and told him to pour out some Sake while she showered. Nish did. A few moments later she called out to him and requested him to hand her her glass in the shower. The shower was a large room with glass roof that let sunlight pour in. It was bright with natural light. She sat in her satin pink bikini in the large central tub that had features of a jacuzzi. Nish wanted to dive in! When he handed her wine glass, she said, "where's yours? Aren't u coming?" and gave him the most naughty smile he had ever seen. Was this gorgeous beauty the braces wearing girl from school?

Nish took off his bath robe and entered. He made no effort to conceal his rock solid member. He was pleased when Tanya gave it a long stare and took a large swig at her wine. The water was warm and fragrant. Nish was ravenous but sat across of Tanya. There was enough room for 4 adults to sit comfortably in the tub! His well formed shoulders and arms spread eagle and perched him on the edge of the tub. The awkwardness had vanished. He wanted her ravenously. She was enjoying the tease too. They sipped Sake in silence. They feasted on each others bodies. Tanya, then picked up her glass and moved towards Nish. She gingerly placed her glass as far behind Nish as she could reach. In the process she straddled him and sat on his throbbing phallus. She pressed her body into his relaxed muscular framed that tensed as soon as she pressed. She reached to her glass and drank while still embracing him right. Her hair smelt ethereal. She switched on the jacuzzi to lowest and fragrant water lapped against their bodies. Their senses were being spoilt for choice. Now Tanya slowly rocked her bottom on Nishs lap while still holding him firmly. His member felt like a rail track on which a grooved wheel were moving back and forth.

He wanted to devour her. But she gently spread out his arms to their position every time he tried and smiled wickedly. Nish was raging with desire. While still rocking on him, Tanya reached behind and unbuckled her bikini top. Now she arched back while rocking to reveal the most stunning breasts Nish had ever seen. She had delicate shoulders, a long neck and inviting breasts. He bent in and sucked on one of them. She moaned with pleasure, her body still arching back and ass still rocking. Trance like. She then held his head and pulled him in for him to take in more of her breast. Nish bit her lightly and she moaned again. Nish was almost ready to explode.

Then she slowed down came ahead, indicated for him to not move his hands yet. Nish sipped from his glass. She stood in the tub now and Nish was mesmerised to see the water stream off her curves like waterfalls in a forest. She now turned, her derriere very close to Nish's face. She bent down all the way to her ankles and hooked the satin pink thong of the bikini off her shapely legs. Between her toned cheeks, was the most titillating sight. Her tight shaved pussy was ever so inviting. Nish bent forwards and flicked his tongue along one lip. She gasped. She waited just a moment more. He flicked the other lip and resisted an urge to pull her close and enter her wildly. He was going to play along! He tasted some of her juice the next time as he sucked and pulled on one lip. She slowly turned and straddled him again. This time her bare moist pussy rubbed against his throbbing shaft. Was she going to tease him all night? He doubted if he had so much patience and control.

She then grabbed her glass and gulped the rest of the wine. She began rocking again. While going back on one of the strokes Nish's tip engaged her canal. She smiled, adjusted and slowly pressed down on it. Moment of truth. Nish was on fire. She leaned in close to him, angled and pressed down on his shaft. Nish could have felt every millimetre of her wall as he went in slowly. Every bit was stretching to devour his shaft whole. Tanya moaned loudly. Nish was all inside. Tanya's vault held him firm. Now she was rocking again. She moaned softly in his ear. Her breasts brushed against his chest as she swayed and gyrated rhythmically. She pushed back another of Nish's attempts to touch her. She was in control.

As she picked up pace, small waves lashed back and forth on their bodies. Tanya's moans grew louder. She would engulf Nish's member whole and then close in on it while coming off. She was milking him. Nish thought she must do kegels often. Now she angled closer like a horse rider goes closer to the horse prior to a gallop and picked up pace. Tanya was petite but she held Nish around his shoulders with a powerful grip. Nish shot inside her heavily. She nearly shouted as she came as well. She slumped onto him and breathed hard. Nish loved the silken feel of her breasts on his chest. He hadn't felt this way in ages. He breathed deeply too. She then got up and stood under a jet of shower. He watched as she lathered herself. She was facing away and Nish got a spectacular view of her smooth behind. He was still hard. He could go over and over again. She then towelled herself dry, bending again and again in the process and put on a robe. She dropped Nish's robe close to him, filled her glass and left for the bedroom. Not much was spoken. Nish was left craving for more. He refilled his glass, showered and exited to find her deep asleep in the bed. She was naked under the silken covers. Was he supposed to join her? He didn't want to wake her up. He left and slumped in the couch again.

Nish woke up with a start. He found Tanya sipping coffee in the armchair near the window. She had another summer dress and she looked fresher than ever. They reached an hour late for the spa. There was a separate treatment for each and then for both together. They felt relaxed at the end of the spa. They were fragrant with all the petal flavoured oils and lotions with spices that were meant to tingle. Nish contemplated. Here he was on a couple's trip with a girl from school days, having the time of his life and there he was going to cancel the vacation just few weeks ago. His courage of going on an almost blind vacation date was paying big time. Was he also feeling closer to Tanya or was it just good sex! He didn't want to reason. Yet he still knew nothing of her.

They went out to the veranda of the suite which was on a hillock overlooking the ocean. He breathed a mixture of the flavours of the sea and a beautiful fragrance from Tanya's hair. He was hard again. He thought his hard on hadn't died since the dive!

He gathered courage and slipped his hands gently around Tanya's petite waist. He was afraid shed resist but she shuddered and allowed it. He pulled her close, her back towards him and they stared at the ocean. He didn't care if she felt his throbbing member. He kissed her on the head, breathing more of her hair. Now he moved his hands on her waist and slowly cupped her breasts. They were ample enough to fill his huge palms. And soft and sensitive. She arched and leaned in on him. She exhaled heavily. It was his turn. They didn't care they were in the open. With her on heels, her ass ground right against his cock. He slowly and deliberately took one hand across her breast, then her slim and curvy waist, pubis and landed at her bare thigh which was only a few finger breadths below the curve of her ass. She was silken smooth. The oils and spa had given her skin a texture like no other material. He moved his hand up along her thigh and felt her thongs edge. She stiffened and moaned. Now he pinched her nipple through her dress with one hand and brushed her pussy lip with the finger of another. She was wet and slick. Her back still against him, she put one arm around his neck and massaged his manhood with the other. She was very wet.

She leaned on the landscape fence in the veranda , her arms resting on it and ground her ass into Nish's groin. She brought her ass as far up as she could, invitingly. Her light floral dress broke into a softer flowy part after her belt which nestled on her curvy hips. The dress extended just a little beyond the belt to show the beginning of her ass above her thighs. Nish brought out his member in a fraction of a second. He reflected her dress to turn over her belt and it revealed the treasure which he hadn't been able to touch the previous night. I a flick of her head, she waved all her hair to one side and looked longingly behind at him. Nish was elated. He rubbed a finger down her crack. Felt her hole pass by. She gasped. Now he slipped his finger into her vault. It Felt smooth as honey. She could have been dripping. He placed the tip of his cock at her verge. She moaned. He grunted. He rubbed front and back against her opening twice or thrice till either couldn't bear it any more. Then he plunged ever so gently. In two or three strokes her vault had swallowed him whole. He devoured the erotic sight of his shaft disappearing inside her. She moaned again, louder. Nish had now picked up pace. Her sighs were faster as well. He was gathering a lot of momentum. She was loving the force and literally crying out with pleasure. He steadied her with one hand gripping her waist belt and another cupping her breast over her arched was it. He rammed harder. She held onto the fence till her knuckles were sore. Nish was loving the loud smack that his flesh was making when it rammed against Tanya's rounded and firm bottoms. He was almost there. He sensed Tanya was also about to come.

But he slowed down pace suddenly. She looked around at him in a panicky pleading way as if to tell him to go on. But he slowed down. Pulled her up so she was now standing, back leaning into him. He held her by the breast and fingered her clit. He was still deep inside her. She moaned. He slowly with drew. Turned her around and carried her to the bed. He was now taking it slow. He poured both of them some wine while she wondered as to what had caused him to stop. He gave her a glass. Gulped some himself.

He laid her down on bed and kissed her passionately. He unbuttoned her dress as he slowly started kissing his way down her body. She squirmed everytime he kissed or caressed a sensitive spot. He gave a lot of attention to each nipple. She moaned with pleasure. He was in tease mode today. He had now descended to the shaved patch just above her tunnel. She had arched in bed and was moaning with pleasure. Then he suckled and teased one of her lips. He caught it between his teeth and pulled at it gently. She squealed with pleasure. After a few strokes he dug his tongue deep in her vault and felt her salty fluid. It was time. He pulled her to the edge of the bed. Kept one of her legs on his shoulder and the other was hanging off the bed. He rubbed his shaft at her verge and entered. He thrusted full, deep and smooth. His knee on the bed beside her and one on the floor gave him great thrust power and control. He kept thrusting till she was about to come. But He withdrew abruptly. She was beginning to understand his tease. She was smiling wickedly now. But she was going to be a sport.

Now he turned her on her back. She perked her vault up at him. He entered, thrusted till she was at the brink and withdrew again. When she tried to turn around, he again caught her midway. Took one of her legs close to her chest and entered from her side. Thrusted hard till she was ready to come for the fourth or fifth time, but withdrew before she actually did. It was driving her crazy! She gave out a nervous laugh as she under stood hid game. Now she sprang up on him to try and win over his tease. He laughed heartily. He pinned her arms above her and entered missionary style. This time he glided in and out gently. He enjoyed every passage into her and so did she. He slowly picked up pace. His breathing was heavy and rhythmic. He changed direction after every few strokes and this was working wonders as his shaft caressed a different wall of her vault with each stroke. She screamt with pleasure. This time though he shot a cumload of his juice inside her. She may have come twice or even thrice. They woke up in each others arms. They showered, ate together and went for an outoors trip to the local sights in Krabi. They enjoyed the local culture and bars and nightlife. They looked like they could have been in love for years..
