 Part II: The Insemination

Chapter 5

Day one:

Very little conversation occurred between Tia and Tim as they started the 15 mile drive through the countryside to The New Life Center. The long route allowed Tia to concentrate on lasting thought. Capturing the memories of the next three days was important to her. She had packed a diary. 

It was a cool spring day. The tiny flowers were beginning to blossom. She sensed passions rising just as the flowers were beginning to bloom. Eggs were ready for pollination.

She compared her observations to her impending mating. She noticed a local farmer cultivating his land in preparation for planting. Thoughts of Greg caressing and stroking her most intimate areas left her prepared for his deposition of seed.

Another rural worker was observed opening a furrow in a row of soil and preparing the ground for implantation. Metaphorical Images of her labia opening and welcoming an impregnator occupied her thoughts. 

Another gardener was seen gently placing a stake in the ground, opening a hole in the soil and dropping several seed. That visualization was overwhelming. She could almost feel Greg enter her vagina and unload his sperm.

A few miles down the road she noticed a young bull parading amongst several young heifers in search of his next insemination. She felt a kinship as it was time to join the breeding stock.

As Tia and Tim arrived at the Conception Suite they were greeted by Terri and Dr. Morgan. Dr. Morgan welcomed Tim and Tia into the program and wished them luck. She told Tia that when she left here on Thursday morning she felt certain that her impregnation would be a success. Dr. Morgan turned the rest of the welcome over to Terri. Terri helped Tia bring her luggage into the breeding room and prepared her a warm bath.

After a briefing on the electronic locking and intercom system Terri prepared to leave. 

Tia stopped Terri, and placed a little wax-like object in her hand. 

Terri's mouth fell open in a look of surprise as Tia said, "I saved the last one for you. Be careful with it. Your handsome little fiancée is going to wonder what happened to little miss prim and proper. It's everything the reports indicate."

"Thanks Tia, He's waiting for that slutty side of me to appear," whispered Terri.

Somehow I don't think he will have long to wait. But keep an eye on me for the next three days. I know you are going to witness some of my most intimate moments. I want you nearby," said Tia. 

Don't worry Tia, I'll be looking over you. Remember, it's my job. I'm on 24 hour call and am as close as your signal. I will visit each morning, bring you some breakfast and collect the sperm samples. They want you to sleep till 10 AM. If there's anything you want or need I'll take care of it. 

As Tia began to put her clothes away she began to warm to the environment. Everything in the room suggested that this was breeding time. All of the special equipment, pleasure tools, sex drugs, mood setting light and sounds were going to be focused on her. It was so sensually intoxicating. She wanted to experience everything.

Tim sensed that Tia wanted to be alone and wait for her donor. He gave Tia a light kiss on the cheek and said, "Good luck, I have some errands to run and I should be back around 6:30 PM. 

Tia said, "Tim, thanks for allowing me some free time and space, but I want you nearby when the breeding starts."

"Don't worry Tia that little green light will be on when the observation room is occupied and I'm the only one allowed in there for the next three days. I can enter and exit through the outside door. You need to devote all of your attention to Greg for now and let's make this a success. I will see you after Greg leaves tonight."

Tia' quickly gave herself a bath and with the help of some baby oil slid the Ovuxcel insert into her vagina. Greg was due at 6 PM and she wanted to be well prepared. Thoughts of Greg initiated her arousal.

Tia had selected a white sheer negligee to cover her opaque bikini panties. A dark neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair covered her mound and could be seen seductively beneath the fabric. She pulled the full body length gown together just below her breast. The dark aureoles of her breast matched her freshly shampooed hair. Her breast provided a base to display her sensitive nipples. The depths of her sexual desire began to respond to the Ovuxcel insert. 

Tia covered this beautiful display with a red satin housecoat.

Tia was startled by Terri's intercom message that notified her of Greg's arrival.

Tia let Greg in the door and nervously gave him a welcoming hug. Greg took a look at Tia and raised his eyebrows in astonishment. "You are so beautiful."

"Thanks Greg, why don't you get a quick bath. No rush, just get back in here real soon. We've got a lot of loving to do," teased Tia. "I'll pour you a small glass of wine and setup Dr. Morgan's orientation video."

Greg finished his bath in record time. He settled down beside Tia in a navy blue terrycloth robe. She started the tape with a flick of the remote.

Dr Morgan covered the introductions, the purpose, the equipment, and the reasons Greg and Tia were here. Greg and Tia were not very interested in the preliminaries. They had heard it before. Furthermore they were more interested in each other.

Playfully Tia ran her hand inside Greg's robe and smiled, "I see we have on loose fitting boxers tonight.

Greg met Tia's flirtation with "yes but it's what's inside that count's and they are easy to remove."

Tia laid her hand on top of his cock as Dr Morgan began the special video instructions.

The First Insemination:

The tape ended. Greg stood Tia up and walked her to the bed. The front of her satin housecoat was already open. Greg slid it from her shoulders and let it land on the floor. He felt Tia tremble as she reached inside his robe. 

Tia's arm's encircled his back as their lips met. She welcomed his embrace. She sensed that she would be serviced well. His generous manhood pressed into her mid-section.

Greg gently lay Tia onto the king size bed, and unleashed the string that held her negligee. The filmy white cloth laid spread on each side of her lovely figure. Her beautifully shaped bikini clad hips would easily allow his carnal invasion. She elevated her hips and assisted Greg in removing the last piece of her clothing. Her labia were already swollen and lubricating. Her bone structure appeared well suited to carry a baby.

Tia was trying to slow the torrent of lust resulting from the Ovuxcel. Greg shed his robe as he hovered over her fully naked body. She could wait no longer; she had to see his cock. She had to touch it. She wanted to experience it. It sprang free from his boxers. Greg possessed the perfect breeding tool. She hoped the wait would soon be over.

But no, Greg pulled his cock away and settled between Tia legs. His tongue traced her swollen outer lips. He could hear low sounds of deep breathing as he gently assaulted her opening. He savored the taste of passion fluids. Tia's hips began to undulate under Greg's tongue. He sensed that the first orgasm would be quick. Greg knew the Ovuxcel was fueling her passion out of control. The first one came. Greg kept his tongue in firm contact with her clitoris. With his finger implanted in her vagina, he felt her clutching spasms. He had her g-spot and clit between his tongue and finger. She could not escape the pleasure. Soon the first orgasm was over. The first insemination had just begun.

Tia's hunger subsided very little after the first release. She begged Greg to let her feel. Tia handled his cock with tenderness. She slowly stroked him. She felt him swell harder in her hands. His cock was beautiful. She squeezed the pre-cum from his opening and lubricated his engorged phallus. She took him in her mouth. His balls felt tightly drawn, yet so sensitive, so full of life. It was her desire to completely drain Greg of every last drop of semen he had to offer in the next three days.

Greg pulled free. The first penetration was about to occur. Tia was ready. Greg was ready. They began to softly discuss the union. Greg placed his cock at her vaginal opening and asked, "Are you ready?"

Tia nodded and helped Greg begin the penetration. Tia very confidently began to whisper, "I feel the head pressing...now push it a little more... oh, it popped thru.... hold it still. Let me feel it...slowly...OK... push a little further...oh stop ... let me feel that sensation...can you feel my pussy adjust to your cock...push a little more... ahh, aaahh...ok some more...I've never felt one this deep before, it is soooo good....a little more.....I feeel so full... push it all the way...ow, ow, oh some pain....its feels better now....bump my clit ... I want to know if you have it all buried...oh yes ...keep it there...feel that...it is unbearable...you are very long...now back it out... completely...lets do that again."

Greg slowly withdrew and stroked the entire length repeatedly. Tia was in ecstasy, as she adjusted to his oversized intrusion. He placed a special shaped cushion under her elevated hips. This provided a new angle of attack. He began to plow her pubic bone and pressure her g-spot on every stroke. 

The direction of Greg's thrust gave Tia an even greater sensation of deep penetration. She sensed that a pleasure was building deep within her gut. Greg's deep thrusting continued. Tia sensed repeated contact with her womb. Suddenly from deep within, a burst of cramping seized Greg's cock. Flashes of intense pleasure exploded from her clit. 

As soon as Greg sensed Tia's orgiastic explosion, his own erupted. It was huge. He surged and pumped a charge into Tia that had been built up over two weeks. He buried himself as deep as his body would allow. Unconscious groans of animalistic pleasure escaped Tia's breath as Greg stretched her reception chamber. 

Tia wrapped her legs around Gregs hips and matched each spasmodic thrust with one of her own. Greg emptied his massive load. Tia's hands clutched his balls as if to milk every sperm from his cock. She could not retain his entire charge. She settled back with her hips resting in a raised position. Fifteen minutes of rest in this position was welcome. 

God she was glad that she had used the 8 hour dose of Ovuxcel. It was only 7 PM and a lot more insemination was scheduled for the evening.

Greg eased himself alongside Tia, crossed his legs and sat down. He noticed a sleepy smile on her face. As she looked at Greg, he asked, "a penny for your thoughts."

Tia chuckled and said, "Here I am on my back, my hips raised above my head, completely nude, not a pretty sight. I am along side this beautiful man and he is completely nude. I have only met him on two earlier occasions. This man has just screwed my brains out, and I have just experienced the most intense sexual pleasure of my life. This man is not my husband, he's not my lover, nor is he a prince charming...well maybe. It all seems so strange. Yet I feel so turned on. I feel so comfortable in his prescience. The sex was, is and will be great. I think he's excellent breeding stock."

Greg laughed at Tia's comments and said, "Maybe we have to remind ourselves why we are here. We are here on a mission to create the most special thing in your life. I think that overcomes a lot of obstacles."

Tia noticed that they had spent the required time in "hip raised" position. "Greg, the evening is just beginning. What's our next assignment," she asked?

Greg responded, "It's the multiple orgasm phase using the sex chair. You may have to explain how it used."

"Gladly, let me show you as we go. I think you will get the hang of it and then turn mother-nature loose." Tia walked over and seated herself on a seat molded into the shape of her rear. The seat was draped with a terry cloth towel to absorb the fluids of passion. She settled in the small seat and placed each of her legs on an independent support. Tia then instructed Greg to secure each ankle to the support. Next each knee was tied with a padded cuff. Then she demonstrated how she could open her secured legs and expose her vagina. The leg supports locked in three raised positions. The release switch was located on the arm rest. Tia secured herself to the seat with a seat belt in anticipation of a pleasant ride.

Greg approached Tia's lovely nude body and followed her continuing instructions.

Tia told Greg to tilt the sex chair into a position where her head and shoulders were in a lay down position. Next she directed him to adjust her seat so that her hips and vagina were angled up toward the ceiling. She spread her legs, then raised and locked her knees beside her breasts. Following Tia's request, he fastened her arms to the armrest and placed a blindfold over her eyes. She had now prepared herself for the next carnal experience.

Greg seated himself on the small seat below the spread leg rests. His face was now inches away from Tia's sex. He took a warm wash cloth and gently bathed Tia's exposed vagina. Next he applied a fresh hot cloth. Greg softly laid it onto her vagina and allowed the soothing sensation to relax Tia further.

Tia moaned, "Ummm, where did you learn that, it feels great."

"Just thought it was the right thing to do." said Greg. Everything needs to drain toward your womb."

Tia told Greg he would need the clit stimulator and g-spot massager for next exercise. She then said, I am now securely bound and locked in a position for you to have your way with me. 

Greg retrieved the two items that Tia requested. He removed the warm cloth and began to caress the tender area inside her thighs. His lips touched the lips of her sex. His hands moved across her hips and lightly touched her tummy. His fingers played in her navel. He detected the scent of her rising passion.

Tia's leg positions pulled her swollen labia open. She sensed his tongue separating her inner lips. Her opening was fully lubricated, ready. 

Greg then dipped his hand in the hot water and let it drip down across her clit and down between her pussy lips. He noticed her flinch and take a deep breath. Next he placed an ice cube on her clit. That produced a surprised groan. He circled her most sensitive spot with his tongue and slowly advanced on her clit. He stood up and placed his semi-erect cock just inside her opening.

Tia's body began to strain against her restraints. From behind her blindfold, she focused on each mysterious touch. The feel of his cock was now familiar to her. Her entry sphincter started to tremble and clutch. Next she heard a familiar hum followed by an intense touch to her clitoris. Then he pulled out. God, she couldn't stand the tease.

The next orgasm rocked her womb as it drank from Greg's initial insemination. The image further stoked her lust. The effects of the Ovuxcel had her body on fire. She struggled for the next release. Her entire body struggled to free itself of Greg's attack. Finally, her clitoris could not stand it any longer. She twisted and turned, failing to free herself. Her gut cramped. Her head tossed from side to side. She begged for mercy. Greg finally eased his onslaught.

Greg removed Tia's blindfold and wiped her forehead. He gently kissed her breast as she relaxed.

Tia's lay peacefully, yet the Ovuxcel maintained that urge for more. The medication fueled her craving. Free of the blindfold she noticed Greg going about his work very methodically. She had chosen well. She imagined herself strapped to a surgery table being expertly operated on by a skilled surgeon. Her surgery was going fine but not yet complete.

Greg said, "I don't like that blindfold. Your expressions are so erotic and you are so very beautiful."

Tia's suddenly detected the sound of intense humming coming from a couple of the pleasure toys. She smiled and said, "Sounds like we are in a bee hive. Do you think we could make a little honey?"

"Could be," Greg responded, "Any pleasure for the Queen Bee."

"Then lets not keep her waiting," Tia teased as she wigged her restrained groin. Next she felt the g-spot massager enter. She verbally helped guide the invasion, of the forward curved shaft, "There…there...that's it...right there." She sensed the external contact of the clit stimulator. The excitement was intense. All of her pleasure circuits were firing from that small area of vibrating pressure. There was no way to escape. 

Her body tripped all circuits as the climax exploded. Her body flailed against the restraints that held her secure in the sex chair. Tia was determined to test her limits of pleasure. "Keep it there, keep it there; don't stop."

Greg wondered how much Tia could take, as he responded to her urgent pleas. He saw her eyes roll as her body lurched about. With one violent shudder, Tia went limp. Greg quickly pulled the vibrating weapons free. He feared that he had injured her. What a relief to see her draw a deep breath. He kissed her, touched her face, and caressed her brow. 

Tia felt herself being lifted from the chair. Her body seemed completely drained of all stress. The peace was marvelous as Greg easily lowered her on the bed. The first insemination was over. Her breeder had left the room to take a shower. She had to wait until the second insemination to take hers. It was barely 8 PM and two more breedings were scheduled for the remainder of the evening. The small green light on the panel indicated that her husband was there with her in the observation room. She needed that.

Greg returned fresh from a clean shower as they exchanged places in the bathroom. Tia took the semen and urine samples. Then, she wiped her face with a steaming hot towel. The effort was somewhat invigorating but nothing like a hot bath would have been. She was minutes away from the second insemination. Thanks to the Ovuxcel she was ready. 

She returned to Greg and playfully began another arousal session. She asked, "Are you ready to start the second insemination." She smiled as Greg's cock started to firm from her stroking. 

Greg's interest in the Life Center work was revealed as he asked, "Why are two and three inseminations required each day. I can anticipate the obvious answer but I wonder if other clinical factors are involved that I'm not aware.

Tia continued her erotic massage. Greg's balls felt so interesting, unexcited they hung free and loose, excited the sac became taught and his balls were drawn tightly against the base of his cock. Her inquisitive mind marveled at the stimuli and human mechanisms involved that produced these male responses. She was pleased to respond to Greg's question.

"The obvious answer is that several depositions increases the quantity of semen delivered to the target. Our studies are looking at the effects of competing semen depositions. That's why my husband will finish off tonight's insemination. There is some indication that combined semen may be more acceptable to the target female. The opposite may also be true. 

We had one case of a husband impregnating his wife, following a donor's insemination. It was totally unexpected, but a very desirable result. We have found a new area of research if we can develop medications that turn off sperm production in surrogates. The beneficial effect may be the deposition of seminal fluids by a surrogate that combines with a husband's sperm making it easier to impregnate a wife.

Greg continued his interest in the subject. Tia's relaxed caresses had brought him another erection. "What if you are pregnant before your husband's insemination?" 

That's the reason for the blood test after the second insemination. If I am, we get a unique set of results, and if not another set of results are produced. We want to know if the environment of the vaginal canal changes before and after impregnation."
