 Note to readers: This story is a continuation of Tia and Tim's evolving sexual relationship and its impact on producing a family. The reader is challenged to accept that these morays could easily exist as normal in the 22nd century.

*

FOREWORD

In an early afternoon telephone conversation, Tia informed Gwn that she expected to be fertile over the weekend and suggested that it would be a good time for Greg to come over. Tia also let Gwn know that her husband, Tim, would be at the beach cottage doing some repair work and would welcome her presence if she could arrange it. 

This, of course was a general plan that the two couples had discussed earlier in Tia and Tim's efforts to have their second child. Soon after Tim and Tia were married they discovered that Tim was infertile. In their efforts to have children a special program was developed for them by The New Life Center (NLC). They finally decided on a sperm donor program that involved person to person intercourse for impregnation. Greg was selected by Tia and Tim to become the biological father of their first child. The impregnation was successful and the result was a son for Tim and Tia.

At the time of her first pregnancy, Tia was a senior research assistant at The New Life Center and was able to benefit from the some of the most modern techniques of creating pregnancy. Tia had now become a full-time research associate.

Tia's first impregnation was an intense, highly erotic, physically demanding three days of sexual activity conducted as a scientific experiment. There were no regrets. Tia fully understood that the process of impregnation was a very intimate process. It was supposed to be focused more on the physicality of conception. The entire breeding experiment was designed to be unemotional, without any long-term attachment.

Contrary to those objectives, Tia found that, indeed, an emotional tie had resulted from the first impregnation. While she was part of a research group specializing in objective approaches to human reproduction, unintended consequences seemed to have taken place. She had longed to make contact with Greg again. When he performed his first breeding function with her, it was supposed to be without emotion. His purpose in the procedure was only to inject the sperm into Tia's fertile womb. After that function was performed successfully a longing for him lingered on, even after little Rik was born. She was left wanting. She yearned to get to know him better; after all, he was the biological father of her first child.

In a unique circumstance of luck, Tia and Tim ran into Greg and Gwn at a shopping mall in a nearby city. Tia had not seen Greg since the initial breeding and was quite surprised when they met. Nervousness crept over her after seeing Greg again. 

In addition, this was the first time their respective spouses had the opportunity of meeting. 

Greg's wife Gwn was an attractive petite, tiny waisted brunette who looked even smaller beside her 6'4" husband. In another twist of fate their respective mates, Tim and Gwn, seemed to hit it off immediately. 

Tia and Greg's conversation centered on little Rik with Greg becoming very interested in hearing everything he could about his biological son.

Greg and Gwn were parents of three year old girl and both still wanted a little boy.

The lucky meeting rekindled new desires in the two couples and as a result they reconnected sexually and interchangeably on two previous occasions. Both couples had been looking for an opportunity to expand their sex lives. The timing was perfect. Greg, being the natural father of little Rik became the person Tia was looking for to both enhance her sexual craving for the occasional outside partner and was the most appropriate subject to impregnate her with her second child. Two children resulting from the same biological parents would mean that both would be true brothers and sisters. Tia thought that would be special for the kids.

The sex between Tim and Gwn was developing into a real pleasure respite for the both of them as well. 

Both couples had agreed to keep their meetings to about once a month so that the anticipation of wait would drive them toward that intense pleasurable coupling. Tia's motivation was timed to land on her fertile days when she was at her peak libido period.

I. Tia and Greg Again 

Tia could hardly contain her excitement as Greg drove his car into the garage. Conveniently, both couples had purchased identical cars so that little or no suspicion would be raised with the neighbors as they pursued a very private interchanging relationship.

On this particular evening, Tia, knowingly was feeling extremely horny. She attributed most of these feelings to the fact that she was ovulating. She had taken all of her vitamins as well as the gender pill that would insure that she conceived a little girl. She had already decided that tonight she would completely free herself of all inhibition and completely make a slut of herself. She now felt comfortable enough with Greg to show the uninhibited side of her personality. 

As Greg entered the Kitchen area, Tia approached him in a full frontal assault and walked him against the wall, keeping her breasts firmly pressed into his midsection. There was no talking; their lips met briefly and their mouths opened to consume the other. Greg cupped Tia's ass in his huge hands and rolled her pelvis into his groin. Tia returned the pressure as she tore open his shirt while emitting a low tone passion filled moan. 

Reluctantly they parted, backed away, and stood motionless admiring the lust filled condition in each of their bodies. Tia reached in her hair, pulled a ribbon and her beautiful blonde hair cascaded onto her shoulders. Without speaking, both simultaneously began to remove their clothing. There would be little foreplay; no time wasting preliminaries. Each of them was driven to get on with the selective breeding they had planned. 

They stood alone admiring the aroused state of the other. Tia smiled, cupped and pushed her breasts up in a brazen display of arousal for Greg. She was presented a view of Greg's engorged cock leaking pre-cum. The wanton display of Greg's swollen organ intensified her hunger. Her imagination magnified her lust as she paused to admire this breeding animal standing before her. His plus size cock stood slightly raised, glistening, in coital fluids. She could hardly wait to be impaled and pounded into a complete mass of quivering flesh.

Tia approached Greg, reached out and gathered his fluids in her hand and coated his cock with gentle loving strokes. She tenderly mixed his fluids with her profusely flowing lubrication. Her sensitive clitoris was made ready for the anticipated phallic massage. Greg attempted to stand motionless with his hands on hips and his legs slightly spread. Tia marveled at the prize stud she had chosen. She, herself, was an animal in season. She softly caressed Greg's scrotum and noticed how tight his balls were being pulled into the base of his cock. Tenderly she held a testicle in each hand and shuddered to think of the life being produced in each sack. "That feels so tense, how much sperm and semen do you have in there for me," Tia smiled and asked?

Laughing quietly, Greg said, "I think we can make a three or four cum run if you don't give out on me."

Tia took up the challenging banter and responded, "Before I'm through, you will be completely drained. I want to be so knocked up before morning." 

There was no doubt in her mind that the forces of procreation would be satisfied this evening. With Greg's cock in hand, Tia slowly raised her right leg and encircled his fine tuned gluts. To balance herself she tucked the back of her heel in the crack of Greg's butt and angled his hardened member downward, placing it between her swollen labia.

Greg, with his back against the wall helped Tia maintain her balance while she undulated her groin on top of his hardened cock. Squishing sounds of their well lubricated genitals added to the carnal rutting of each partner. That indescribable odor of sexual arousal flooded their nostrils. Greg's glans probed the back of Tia's hungry opening. 

Suddenly Greg grasped Tia's butt and lifted her into his arms. Tia's lips urgently found his. Her gut arched in a position of reception. The penetration was quick...it was swift. With the precision of a surgeon and the ferocity of a enraged predator, the coupling was complete. Quite sounds of ecstasy escaped Tia's lips. She gasped for breath and absorbed the pleasure of the sudden invasion. She sensed a deep fullness that only Greg could administer. Fully impaled on Greg's massive cock, Tia locked her legs around his back and anchored her labia solidly against his pubic bone. 

Through the fog of lust, Tia sensed that she was being carried to her bedroom by a mass of male muscle. Greg's plundering rod probed depths she was not accustomed. She rode his flesh savoring every once of ecstasy she could experience. 

Greg reached her bed and with great strength continued to cradle her in his arms while lowering her into a reclining position without any hint of withdrawal. 

Tia held on clasping and massaging his cock with her fine tuned inner cunt muscles. With her long legs tightly locked around Greg's back, she refused to allow any exit. She arched her back onto her shoulders and lifted Greg's entire weight onto the back of her thighs. At that moment, she opened her legs to allow the deepest penetration possible. 

Each stroke Greg administered was done slowly and each time he plunged his full length to her greatest depths. Amidst frequent groans Greg muttered. "That is so fucking good...I'm close...Can't hold on much longer."

Tia had put herself in a position that allowed Greg a constant and repetitive bumping of her cervix. Under more normal circumstances the feeling would have been uncomfortable, but on this occasion, the perversion was extremely erotic. The primal sounds coupled with the unique pounding her cervix was getting hastened her first orgasm. Tia sensed that last second pre-eruption swelling in his cock. "Give it to me...shoot that cum in me... fill me up...knock me up Greg", she cried.

Hearing Tia's passionate pleas triggered a massive explosion beginning deep within the inner recesses of Greg's balls. His gut cramped and uncontrolled spasms ejected several massive streams of cum onto the face of her uterus. Spasmodic clutches of Gwn's inner muscles milked and soothed Greg's highly sensitive organ. 

The spasm's faded and the most peaceful feeling a man can experience began to flow from the top of Greg's head to the tips of his toes.

Gwn was still positioned so that her raised hips supported Greg's collapsed weight. Somehow they had placed a couple of pillows under her buttocks to keep her uterus elevated. While it looked somewhat uncomfortable, Gwn seemed to possess amazing strength at this moment. She kept squeezing his wilting hardness, refusing to let him withdraw. Her vagina could not contain the huge quantities of semen and sperm that Greg had injected. Copious amounts flowed out onto her labia and around the base of Greg's buried cock. She had an instinctive feeling that she had just been impregnated, bred, conceived, knocked up...she didn't care, all of these thoughts worked for her.

After about ten minutes of peaceful rest, Greg withdrew, and rolled over to lay on his back. Tia nestled into the crook of his arm, laying her head on his shoulder. Greg placed an affectionate kiss on her forehead and said, "It doesn't get any better than that."

"Thanks, you were wonderful. I want you to know that you just knocked me up again."

'And how would you know," Greg asked?

"Well, because you weren't wearing a rubber and I'm not on the pill, Tia responded somewhat playfully.

"That's makes perfect sense to me," agreed Greg. You know I hate rubbers and I can never pull it out when I'm coming."

Tia continued, "This time it's not going to be a one time thing. I want to see you about once a month while I'm pregnant. I was extremely horny during my first pregnancy and I'm sure it will be the same this time. Even after the baby is born I hope we continue the exchanging relationships that we have started. I know Tim is very happy with the sex he is having with Gwn. Oh by the way, did Gwn get to go down to the beach and meet Tim this weekend."

Greg smiled and responded, "You should have seen her. As soon as you got off the phone she took Geni over to the babysitter and was packed and on the way to the beach within an hour. She was so excited to get see Tim this weekend."

Tia responded, "I'm really glad for Tim because I know he gets depressed about his infertility from time to time. I keep reminding him that he was the primary reason one of our patients became pregnant at NLC. I've already told you that his semen is universally compatible with most sperm types which allows him to impregnate a female whose vaginal environment is hostile to a husbands. We have developed some ingenious ways to mix the husband's sperm with Tim's semen."

Greg paused for a moment as he thought about Tia's latest comment. 

Tia continued to snuggle up to Greg. His brief silence prompted her to ask, "What are you thinking? I see some deep thought swirling around in your head."

Greg began to explain, "I don't think I have ever told you about how Gwn became pregnant with Geni. Gwn and I came to NLC when she was unable to get pregnant. They found out that my large penis size created a stress trauma condition in her uterus during ovulation. This stress would then cause her uterus to expel an egg prematurely even if it had become fertilized. When she tried to get pregnant she would always have her period right after ovulation.

NLC helped us discover the problem and arranged for Gwn to be artificially inseminated. Now, Gwn and I want a little boy. I remember you telling about Tim's ability to fertilize a woman after being injected with another man's sperm. I wonder if that would work in our case. Gwn never liked the artificial insemination process, in fact, she hated it. It was much too impersonal for her. I don't think she would have another child if she had to go through that process again. I have heard her comment on the lack of warmth and affection she feels necessary for an impregnation. I think she would love to get pregnant again if Tim could be used to inject the sperm."

Tia listened to Greg's story as she lay in his arms and said, "Are you kidding...I'm sure he would."

With their passion lying dormant at the moment, Tia's hand slowly stroked Greg's cock in a loving show of affection. "I remember hearing about your case in some of my early graduate school classes but I never realized it was you and Gwn."

"Oh yes," responded Greg. "We had established a professional relationship with NLC and they indicated to us that I might be a candidate for their sperm donor program. Gwn encouraged me to do it as she had learned in her psychology research work how important it was for the impregnation to be done on a personal man to woman basis."

"Even though she had been artificially inseminated," Tia asked?

"Yes, she even felt stronger about it after her pregnancy," replied Greg. She didn't like the artificial insemination process. She felt a human donor would be much better even if it wasn't her husband. 

Keep in mind that we had an open relationship with another couple at that time and having sex with another man was not so unusual for her. Her parents were in an open lifestyle marriage and had brought her into it at an early age. She in turn introduced me to the open relationship lifestyle before we married.

She felt that if I could not make her pregnant then I should be allowed to get someone else pregnant. I know it sounds strange but in her mind that seemed to validate her pregnancy. Her psychology training has influenced her thinking along these lines as well."

"I don't think it sounds so strange," said Tia. "I feel the same way about Tim. I felt so proud of him when he helped impregnate a patient at NLC. I know it helped his self esteem tremendously."

Greg responded, "I will talk to Gwn about it. I think she might be agreeable if Tim would be the one to make love to her and plant the sperm. I know she is not interested in artificial insemination unless it's the last resort." 

Gwn displayed great interest as she said, "The timing may be perfect. Our research group is now working with a small biogenetic company to develop a "home use" protein that will suspend the sperm in a wax medium. In addition the mixture of sperm and wax protein breaks up into small spherical pellets at temperatures below body temperature. These pellets can then be mixed with a liquid medium and injected into a male donor's prostate. When injected into the woman through normal intercourse the protein is absorbed into woman's body and the sperm are freed to complete the fertilization."

"Doesn't this require an alternate male sex partner for the woman," Greg asked? 

"Oh yes," Tia continued. "The NLC recognizes that relationships exist in many forms and in order to help people with fertility problems they have to recognize that multiple types of relationships exist. Often a couple brings in a second partner of their choosing. We are now helping women with multiple male partners in various experiments and vice-versa. We are addressing the procreation needs of gay couples as well."

"So you don't see the situation with Gwn and me that unusual."

"Not at all, that's why we are bringing many of the fertility drugs to a point where they can be used at home," Tia stated. 

"Let's change the subject. I have a fertility drug of my own that needs to be injected somewhere. Any ideas?"

Tia smiled and rolled over on Greg's chest and in doing so spread her legs and nuzzled her vagina against the tip of his cock. Her engorged vaginal lips were spread open exposing her clit and opening; all coated in liberal amounts of lubrication. Greg's cock rested in the furrow of her vulva. In an act of flirtation Tia batted her eyelids and light heartedly asked, "What kind of needle are you going to inject this drug with, sir?

Responding to Tia's innuendo, Greg lurched as if to penetrate her opening. "This is the needle I had in mind."

"Oh heavens no," Tia cried in feigned surprise. "That thing is too big."

"Bet you can't keep me out," Greg teased as he kept parting her entrance ever so slightly before withdrawing. Greg's own lubricious flow was making the impending sting easier to complete.

Tia's body strained to betray her playful resistance to Greg's teased invasion. "I'm not going to let you in," she said as she clinched the muscles surrounding her vaginal opening very tightly.

Greg continued to probe her opening finding some resistance in Tia's effort. He had plenty of time and was enjoying the tease. He sensed heavier breathing from Tia as he continued to probe her opening. He would hasten his withdrawal at the slightest sign of Tia's acceptance. He sensed her creeping lower onto his midsection in effort to capture more penetration. Again, he would back out.

By now, Tia had given up her game. Carnal lust had taken over. She couldn't wait any longer. She nipped Greg's earlobe within her clenched teeth and in a demanding whisper said. "Dammit Greg put that big cock in me and fuck me pregnant, I have got to have it. Come in me and cum in me." She suddenly sat up and with her left hand grabbed the base of his cock and with the other cupped his balls very tightly. She finally had him in a tight squeeze. He could not resist any longer.

Slowly Tia began to lower herself onto Greg's huge cock. Her vaginal lips spread as his glans slowly invaded her entrance. She paused to allow her opening to stretch and adjust to his size. The sensitive ridge of his helmeted tool popped through and again she paused to savor the intense pleasure. Lower and lower she descended upon Greg's cock. She felt his prodigious member contact her uterus as it plowed further into her depths. Finally she had her clitoris resting in the matted hair at the base of his cock. 
