 Note: The following story was suggested by a Literotica reader.

*

Tia sat in front of her computer. The room was almost quiet except for the CD player softly filling the room with her favorite smooth jazz music. She liked the beat of it and felt it helped soothed her mood and masked any sounds that came from her room when she was on the computer. 

Tia spent some time in chat rooms and some time searching for information about things which interested her or would help her in her graphic arts business but most of the time she spent alone on the computer was looking at naughty pictures and reading erotic stories. This evening was typical. Her dark brown eyes were intently riveted on the monitor.

Tia had a wry smile on her pretty Asian American face. Her beautiful pouty lips and soft eye lids opened and closed in response to the pleasure that ran all through her body. She sat in her chair leaning back with her hips pushed forward just a little on the seat. 

The sneakers on her feet extended forward and were almost always apart. She seldom if ever put her feet together while she was reading her stories. Her left hand was down inside her dark blue sweat pants fingering her pussy and clit as she read. Her right hand controlled her mouse when she wanted and alternately toyed with her nipples and breasts under her light yellow t-shirt. 

She usually wore loose clothing and no underwear when she was on the computer to let her small breast and hard nipples remain accessible to her whenever she wanted to touch herself. 

She liked to wear dark colored pants to hide any wetness that dribbled out of her sopping pussy as she read the stories and looked at the pictures she found interesting. She almost always spent time on the computer when her husband James was in the next room entertaining himself or sleeping. 

She liked being naughty in her room while he watched television or slept nearby. It was a turn on. She knew he could easily come in a catch her being naughty if he wanted to. She liked being really nasty in private with the door closed but unlocked. 

She always tried to notice if the sound of footsteps indicated a possible intrusion and kept one website minimized and ready to cover up all of her desktop if someone turned the door knob to enter her sanctuary. Whenever someone approached her room heart raced and she quickly clicked her mouse to hide what was on her screen and pulled her hand out of her clothes to make it look like nothing was going on.

Tia was reading a story written by an online friend. The story was based on her as the main character and she easily put herself in the role of the protagonist as the other characters in the story poked and prodded and played with the body of her character Tia helped herself to the real thing. The images in her mind were intense and vivid. They usually stayed with her for a few days after reading a particularly exciting story.

On this night Tia was extra turned on. The story she read she knew was written with her in mind by some hard cocked man she had never met. She marveled at his descriptions of her body and feelings. 

He hit the mark more often than not and she felt the intensity of feeling he had written about as she imagined her character acting out on paper what she could easily imagine herself doing in real life. The fucking and taunting, the flashing and delicious times when her character was taken against her will filled her with lust as she read. 

She already had three orgasms and tried to remain quiet while her body sparkled with pleasure. The orgasm shot through her taking her inhibitions and excited her to want more of the delicious feelings they brought. 

The story was a long one and her character was involved in many situations which required her pussy and ass to be exposed for someone else's pleasure. Tia toyed with her breasts and moaned when her fingers moved her clit to orgasm. The tiny fingers in her vagina brought her to orgasm again and again and finally she couldn't take any more teasing. She wanted to be fucked.

The story ended with her having gone to bed with her husband too tired to make love that night after several adulterous indiscretions with others throughout the day. Her character slept soundly all night and in the morning she attacked her husband from a deep sleep to have her way with him. 

The images in her mind as she had her final solo orgasm were of her husband's cock inside her. Tia's tiny fingers plunging into her vagina again and again weren't reaching deep enough into her for full satisfaction. She minimized the windows on her computer screen so she could return to them later and got up from the chair to exit the room.

Tia walked down the hall to their bedroom and entered where her husband lay sleeping. She was hot and things in this room were about to get hotter. She walked around the bed and knelt beside the mattress where James lay sleeping on his side. 

He hadn't undressed and except for removing his shoes he remained fully clothed. She pulled the light blanket off of him to get at his body. He slept without moving but gently moved his hand over his upper arm to keep warm. 

Tia unfastened his belt an pulled his pants open at the waist. She unzipped his fly and reached into his briefs to get at his cock. James was soft and sleeping and she was hot and horny. The only thing she knew she could do was to put his cock in her mouth and struggled to get the small relaxed cock close enough to the edge of his pants so her mouth could do it's work.

Tia could smell his manhood and the sweat still on his body from his work that day. She was both repulsed and excited by the odor. She pulled on his cock between her thumb and forefinger and licked the tip of it with her hot tongue several times before she felt it was beginning to grow.

James still had his legs together and his cock was pulled back away from her. She pushed on one of his knees and as his leg straightened out the cock in her fingers turned up just a little. 

She slipped her lips over the head of it and used her spit to make it wet. Tia sucked and ran her tongue around the cock head a few times and within a few seconds it grew to twice it's original size but had a long way to go before she could be satisfied.

Tia pushed on James' shoulder and he rolled back just a little. She pulled his cock out of the slit in his briefs and grabbed it with her other hand. She redirected it out of the hole and over the waistband of the briefs then pushed the underwear down beneath his balls and out of the way. 

He unconsciously cooperated and his cock grew longer and fatter as she continued to lick and suck the head of it. Soon she could get the access she wanted and she took the entire cock into her mouth. 

Tia didn't need to use her hands on his cock now unless she wanted to. She concentrated again on her pussy and thrust her left hand back down inside her sweat pants to continue moving her fingers in and out of her sopping pussy. 

The two stimulations from her mouth and vagina were enough to let her have another orgasm. She began to feel it shoot through her body and she closed her eyes as it slammed through her insides. She didn't notice that her movement on James' cock was slowly waking him up but if she had noticed she would be pleased.

The cock was responding well in her mouth and she gave it the licking and sucking that she knew he enjoyed. James moved his hand off of his upper arm and placed it on top of the jet black hair on her head. 

She felt the pressure of his hand force her down on his cock and as her lips remained round and wet slipping along his cock she smiled inside as she knew she was awakening him from her pleasurable touch.

In almost one motion Tia raised herself from her knees and stood next to the bed. She kept her head down on her husband's cock but kicked off her sneakers and pushed her sweat pants down off of her waist and hips to let it puddle around her feet. 

She stepped out of the clothes and moved her leg up against the bed. James took the hit and removed the hand from the top of her head to place his fingers into her wet pussy. She felt two large fingers enter where her tiny fingers had been and swooned when he let them slip all the way into her body and kept moving her head up and down on his hard cock.

Tia's knees nearly buckled when she felt him finger fuck her. She moved her feet apart and pressed back against his hand. The pressure from her lips and tongue were making him hard enough and she took hold of his cock with both of her small hands. 

The tip of her tongue she moved around the head of the cock in a circle endlessly rounding the mushroom head of it. James groaned and pushed into her with is hand. They stayed in this position for a few minutes until they both knew it was time to move on. 

He didn't want to come yet. With one hand he took hold of his wife's small body. He easily pulled at her waist. Tia's mouth popped off of his hard cock as her torso was tossed across his chest. She pushed with her arms and kicked with her legs but she couldn't move off of him. 

He held her where he wanted her and she wasn't going anywhere unless he approved. Tia felt his arm lay across her back and thought she was going to be able to move around and fuck him as she wanted to any second. 

James raised his hand high in the air and slapped it down on Tia's left cheek of her ass very hard. It sounded much louder than it really was but she yelped and tossed her head back then buried her face in the mattress in response. 

James raised his hand again and brought it down on her other cheek just as hard. Tia responded with more struggling but even as her feet flailed in the air she knew she was going to be in his grasp until he was finished with her.

He knew she loved it when he took control. The next thing he did surprised her. He sat up and pulled her around to face him. She acted like she was resisting his advances but was really excited. He pushed her up in the air with both hands under her arms and slowly let her down over his hard cock. 

Tia opened her legs and let his cock slip into her wet pussy as he lowered her. She kept her eyes open to look into his face and she saw his wince when the zipper of his pants moved up to snag some skin on his cock.

"Shit!" He yelled and pushed her off of him and threw her over onto the bed beside her. 

Tia quickly moved around the bed still naked from the waist down and let her hard nipples show through her thin yellow shirt as she pulled on his pants and underwear until he too was naked from the waist down except for his socks. 

He pulled at his shirt and got it off. They threw the clothes down and Tia crawled up over his body again. 

She put her mouth on his and they began to kiss. James held his cock to position it under her pussy and Tia moved back down onto it. This time there was no pain to prevent his full penetration into her small body. The cock felt her heat as it entered her and James her husband groaned as she pressed her wet pink flesh over his mushroom headed cock.

Tia closed her eyes and James took two very large handfuls of her fleshy butt in each hand and pressed his fingers into fists pinching her hard as they fucked. Tia pressed down on his cock as much as she could. He moved with her and they began a smooth rhythm fucking as couples who know each other well can do. 

Tia yelped as the pain of her gathered skin pinched. She felt his brutal grasp and loved it but it hurt and she let him know it. The cock inside her was doing what she wanted and she was more aroused now than when she was pleasuring herself in the other room. She knew she had made the right decision to attack her husband. It was exactly what she needed for the moment.

James continued fucking her and pinching Tia's ass. He would occasionally release her ass and slap it with his hand. She yelled out and the skin of her butt grew red and more tender all over. Tia concentrated on how his cock felt inside her. The pleasure was overpowering. Soon she had the feelings of yet another orgasm shoot through her body. She had her eyes closed when he moved.

Her husband rolled over putting her on her back and pulled the shirt off of her torso. He moved his mouth down and took her naked breast into his mouth concentrating on the hard nipple with his tongue and teeth. 

They fucked with her legs wide apart and high in the air. Her small feet dangled as he pumped his cock into her. Her feet seemed relaxed on the end of her bent legs and the toes bobbled around each time he thrust his cock deep into her womb.

Tia kept her eyes closed and imagined that the cock that was thrusting inside her belonged to one of the characters in the story she had just read. She imagined she was being taken her against her will and that her hands were tied to the top of the bed. 

She pressed her wrists against the pillow under her head as if held in place by the imaginary black ropes that her assailant had placed around her wrists and fastened to chains which were welded to the headboard of the bed.

Tia moaned and lightly struggled against the imaginary restraints. She tossed her head from side to side and mentally resisted the assault. James didn't want to come just yet and he had other ideas for his wife before he was finished. Without warning he pulled his cock out of her and stroked it to keep it ready.

"Turn over!" He yelled loudly.

She awakened from her momentary fantasy to find she was no longer making love. She heard his voice and it took a moment to sink in that she needed to do as he said. Tia knew better than to resist. She rolled over and pulled herself up on her hands and knees. He pulled her by the hips making her pussy fit where he wanted it then released her completely again. 

Tia felt the crashing hand come down on the cheek of her ass once again and yelped in pain. The hand rested against her tender red flesh for a moment and she again felt the tip of his hard cock penetrate her tunnel as he thrust into her body once more.

This time she imagined her hands were tied together and pushed her wrist against one another. Tia held herself up on her elbows but kept her wrists tightly together as if they were bound in place on the pillow at the head of the bed. 

She closed her eyes and wrapped herself in the image from the story that the assault against her body was an unwanted rape by a total stranger who she met on the bus as she returned home from the city.

James licked his thumb and made sure he had enough spit on it so he didn't hurt his wife. He pressed his thumb against the rosebud of her small Asian ass and pressed it into her body as he fucked her.

"Oh no!" Tia yelled wrapped up in her imagination.

"Fuck!" James said as his cock and thumb penetrated her body as much as each could possibly go.

He grew more excited as they fucked. Slowly he pushed in and out of her ass with his thumb as his cock quickly slammed into and out of her pussy. She wriggled and acted like she was resisting him. He didn't know for sure but suspected she was imagining something other than what he was actually doing. 

It was just a fleeting thought that he had but sometimes he didn't understand his wife and her passions. He liked that she enjoyed being fucked and almost never had to ask and be refused by her. He pushed his thumb harder into her chute and buried his cock in her womb as he shot his sperm into her small body.

Tia felt the heat of the sperm deep inside her and yelled out in response to her imagination.

"No!" She said loudly onetime and began to cry.

She felt him finish off inside her and pull off of her body. She fell flat on the bed face first into the pillow and adjusted her face and hands so she could breathe. She kept her legs together simultaneously trapping the sperm inside her and keeping the return of her assailant from being too easy to access her another time. 

Her emotions were nearly out of control and she sobbed gently into the pillow having been taken in her imagination just as if it were a real event.

James crawled off of the bed and went into the bathroom leaving Tia naked and well fucked on the bed by herself. He sat on the commode and waited for his body to allow him to relieve himself. 

The time passed as he sat silently. As he did he smelled the fragrance of his wife's pussy on his fingers and after his cock drained itself of urine he felt the need to stimulate himself. 

He took hold of his softening cock and slowly stroked it as he smelled his fingers. The sent of his woman on his hand was intense and potent enough to make his cock hard again. He stroked faster and faster and smelled of her deeply. 

He closed his eyes and let the image of fucking her doggy style fill his mind. Soon he bent forward and pointed his cock into the bowl spilling his seed into the sewer but imagining it going into his beloved partner. His hand did it's job and he was ready for some sleep.

He returned to the bedroom and found Tia still lying where she was when he left. He threw the blanket over her and crawled under it next to her. They drifted off to sleep for a little while and he laid his hand on her backside as they slept. He liked to touch her even if she didn't respond.

Tia felt satisfied as she awoke from her dream. There wasn't much to tell if anyone asked. She dreamed that someone with no face was using her pussy again. The cum from her imaginary lover seemed to be slipping out of her pussy. 

She moved her hand down to check and sure enough she felt the combined juices from her husband and her seeping out of her body between her legs. It was at that moment that she remembered exactly what had happened and she opened her eyes to confirm she was in her own bedroom.

James moved his hand down Tia's ass and slipped it in between her legs from behind. He pushed on her ass and she moved her knee up on the bed to let him please himself. He slipped a finger into her pussy and felt the wet slimy juices that remained from their lovemaking.

Gradually he entered her with three fingers one after the other and gently brought her arousal up to where she was when she woke him earlier. He could tell as she moaned that she was ready for more. Without a word he got up behind her and pulled on her hips. 

Tia cooperated even though she tried to keep her eyes closed and act like she wasn't interested. He used her relaxed mood to slip his thumb back into her ass. She took it and gasped when it went in as far as he could make it go. 

The cock behind her slipped up and down against the tender inside lips of her wet pussy several times before he let it slip into her body. When the cock slipped back into her tunnel she took a deep breath and tightened the cheeks of her ass. The pressure on her groin was immense and she couldn't help but respond by pressing her fingers into the soft flesh of her breast with one hand as she tried to hold herself up on all fours with her other hand.

"Gawd!" Tia said softly.

James pumped in and out of her wet pussy with his cock several times and had plans to take her ass. He used his thumb to open her wider and slowly moved another finger into her as they fucked. Tia kept her eyes closed and let him please himself. She was aroused to the point that anything he did would be acceptable. She gave herself completely to him to be used as he wished.

She let herself get very involved in her own thoughts and feelings. Soon it was time for her to have an orgasm. James kept pumping his cock into her and she felt selfish for a few moments as she pressed her fingertips into her breasts as hard as she could and shuddered with her orgasm flashing up from her pussy and all through her tummy, chest arms and legs. She was one large raw nerve when he shot his hot sperm inside her.
