 I can tell that you aren't really sure if you want to do this or not, but I find it's easier to get you to say yes with your cock in my mouth, so I lean down and take you all the way between my lips, and lick you, up down, circle my tongue around the head of your cock and suck softly, stroking your balls lightly with my fingertips, taking you all the way into my throat. "Come on, sug, please? I just want to try it..." "Fuck, yeah, okay." 

I make you lay down full length on the bed and tie you, hand and foot to the bedposts. Not so tight you can't move - you could get loose if you wanted to - but you know I want to do everything. I can hear you ask what the hell I'm doing as I leave the room for a sec, but really it's only change into the new lingerie I bought this afternoon - a black lace shelf bra that's slightly too small so my tits are straining against it, matching thong and thigh highs, plus black spike heels that I don't ever usually wear. By the look on your face when I get back, I can see you don't mind so much. 

I straddle you on the bed, and you can feel how wet I am already through my panties, but I'm not going anywhere near your cock yet - just leaning over to kiss you, putting my tits in your face and pinching my already hard nipples, moving down your body a little and licking your nipples, planting little tiny kisses on every inch of exposed skin. My ass is backed up all the way against your dick now, and I can feel you pushing against me slightly, so I get up and move down between your legs, kissing and licking my way up from your ankles. You're squirming, so I think it kinda tickles, but I don't care. My mouth is close enough to your shaft that you can feel my breath on it, and I can see pre cum already on the tip - I lean over and lick it off quickly and hear you groan way back in your throat. 

You want me to suck you, but I'm not ready yet - I lean over instead and lick your balls gently, taking them into my mouth and sucking on them softly, and then lick one big lick all the way up to the head of your dick. Still not ready to go down on you yet, but I kneel between your legs, spread my legs and brace myself against your thighs, pushing my panties to the side. I'm so wet that my fingers slide easily over my clit and all the way up into my pussy, then I lean over and stick my fingers in your mouth - then back to rub those little circles on my clit. I'm pretty much ignoring you now, concentrating on getting myself off, pinching my nipples, rubbing my clit hard and I start to come, but stop then - I want to wait for you. 

Climbing back up on you, I slide down on you once, quickly, then back off, just enough for you to feel how wet I am, and I lean over and kiss you again, bite your neck. Turning around and sticking my ass in the air so my pussy is close to your face, but not close enough for you to do anything about it, I take your cock in my mouth again, all the way, and suck you slowly, long strokes up and down, never letting the head out of my mouth, tasting myself on you, which only makes me wetter and I feel my cunt dripping on you. Stroking you with my hands and my tongue, licking little tiny licks all around the head, the underside... I sit up slightly, strip off my bra and take your dick between my tits - it's a little awkward but it works - you're wet enough that you slide between them easily and I can still lick you while you fuck me - though I guess I'm fucking you, aren't I? Your breathing changes and I know you want to come soon - so do I. 

I get up, straddle you, still facing away and guide your cock into my ass a little at a time, using the other hand to rub my clit again - I'm so wet for you - and start to ride you slowly, then a little faster, bouncing up and down on your dick, faster, rubbing my clit, and I'm so close and fucking you so hard. I feel your hands on my hips, pushing me down while you thrust up into me and it hurts and it's so fucking good, and I scream your name as I come and you're coming too, so hard that I can feel you emptying inside me. I stay there, loving the way you feel, the way you sound... 

Lifting up off of you, I lay down beside you with one leg across yours, an arm across your chest and your arm around me, laugh and ask you if it was worth the wait? Your smile is all the answer I need.