 She woke up with a throbbing between her legs, feeling turned on even before she was fully awake. As she became more aware she noticed the skilled hands and hot mouth trailing over her body and moaned softly. She heard his laugh.

"Good morning," he murmured, between sucks on her left nipple. She groaned in response, relaxing into his touch. He was kneading both her breasts and his mouth was teasing her; she had never been able to resist the sensation of his tongue on her skin and she wasn't going to have any success if she tried to start now.

She moved to tangle her hands in his hair and realised suddenly that her wrists were tied, and that her spread-eagled position on the bed was no accident.

"Bastard," she managed to choke out between involuntary groans, and he laughed again.

He slid a hand down her stomach and between her legs, and she clamped her thighs shut.

"Untie me first," she muttered, trying to disguise how much she was enjoying even the limited movement his fingers could find trapped by her strong muscles.

He edged his hand in further and the tips of his fingers found her, wet and hot.

"I don't think so," he told her, and dropped his head once more to her nipples, first one and then the other. It took all her concentration to keep her legs firmly closed, and it was more than she could do to resist the way his teeth grazed across the skin of her breasts. She moaned out swearwords and gasped imprecations, and still his fingers teased her, sliding into her tight wetness and then flicking her hard centre.

Still caressing her breasts with his free hand, he began to lick his way down her body, between her breasts and across her stomach. She bit her tongue against the pleasure, realising that her mind was turning to mush and would soon give in to the revolt her body was mounting as her arousal increased. She decided to play dirty.

He laughed when she finally opened her legs, and slid his fingers further into her, though the slow pace of his mouth over her belly did not change. It took him a second to notice the progress of her foot up his thigh, and then she heard his gasp as she ran her long toes over his manhood. She was pretty gratified to find him semi hard already, and it was her turn to laugh as he let out a squeak of protest and pleasure as she teased him through the thin silk of his boxer shorts.

His movement against her foot was involuntary, but still he licked her, parting her legs with his hands and nibbling her thighs as he continued to probe into her with his strong fingers. He teased her, his breath hot and fast on her skin as he let his tongue travel the crease at the top of her leg, then nuzzled the mound of flesh and licked quickly, only to withdraw again before she had a chance to savour the feel of his mouth. She spread her legs still further and forgot her own revenge as she pushed herself up into his face, begging now.

"Please... please..." she gasped, and he laughed, then plunged his mouth deep into her, exploring her with his tongue, eating her out with gusto and with skill. His hands roamed over his skin, reaching up to roll her nipples between his fingers, digging his fingers into the flesh of her buttocks to pull her closer, teasing the skin of her thighs.

As he licked deeper he pulled first one and then the other of her knees up and over his shoulders so that he could push his face further into her pussy, savouring the hot wetness of her. He moaned into her and the sound and feel of his pleasure in her body made her wetter still. He sucked and licked and nibbled every part of her, and as he moved closer and closer towards her hard centre she squealed with pleasure, writhing beneath him, both frustrated and turned on by the restraints that would not let her touch him or touch herself.

He slid two fingers inside her as his mouth moved over her clitoris, and as he sucked her between his lips he found her g spot. She cried out with the shock of pleasure and bucked beneath him. He sucked hard, almost too hard; and then kept on sucking so that she could hardly breathe. He felt her tighten around his fingers, and the sensation made him groan into her, his lips and tongue now vibrating against her clit so that again she yelled. He felt her tension mount as he made love to her clitoris, pushing back the tiny hood to tease it with his tongue and even with the gentlest touch of his teeth. He felt her muscles start to spasm and did not need to hear her shout out to know she was coming, and coming hard. Still he worked her, caressing her g spot with a gentle but firm touch, and enjoying her juicy wetness and the swollen hardness under his tongue.

She was lost in intense waves of ecstasy, unable to tell when one orgasm ended and another began, and when he finally started to draw away, and the pleasure began to subside, she fell back onto the bedclothes exhausted, spent, wiped out, but still sensitised to his touch as he stroked and licked his way back up her body.

When his face finally appeared, smiling down at her, she scowled at him.

"I hate you. Untie me!"

"Not on your life," he answered, and bent to kiss her. She started to protest, but her words were lost as their mouths met. She was in no mood to have mercy and he groaned as she gently bit his lip and then sucked on his tongue suggestively, leaving his nerves jangling and his crotch on fire.

She knew exactly the effect she was having on him, and took the opportunity to push her pelvis up into his and grind against him, letting out little cries of lust and arousal. He moved himself sideways, eyes closed with the effort to resist, but she simply rubbed herself against his thigh, leaving a trail of damp temptation over his leg.

"Untie me... and I'll ride you hard," she whispered throatily. He groaned. Without any conscious thought his body moved so that his erection grazed the inside of her thigh, and she sighed and rubbed herself against his hard, thick length through his underwear, closing her eyes, mouth open, licking her lips in a way that he found almost unbearably sexy.

"Or I can just ride you," he managed to gasp out, and she shrugged, lost in her own world of pleasure as she manoeuvred her clitoris against his now rock hard penis.

He was lost, he knew it, and automatically he reached to untie the bonds, longing to feel her hands on his skin.

As soon as he undid her right arm, her hand moved to his crotch, pushing down his boxers and lightly but appreciatively encircling his penis, smiling for the first time as she rubbed her thumb up the full length of him, laughing as he gasped and swiftly kicked the superfluous garment away. As he freed her left hand he let her guide him into her, and then she rolled him onto his back and started rocking above him, head thrown back as she slid away then thrust herself down, as if she were trying to impale herself on him. Her full breasts swung above him and he could not resist reaching up and massaging them, making her whimper with pleasure. She leaned forwards so that he could guide first one and then the other to his mouth, suckling at her nipples and the soft roundness of the flesh, moaning his appreciation into her skin. His fingers strayed down and found her hard centre once more, rubbing her in time with the rhythm she had found, and making her gasp. 

She savoured the feel of him inside her, his cock thick and strong between her legs. As she rode him she angled herself to feel him as deep inside as he could go, feeling so full of him that it was almost unbearable. Her clitoris throbbed at his touch and then she cried out as she started to come. Still she rocked above him, unwilling to let go, and he was hard inside her still as he caressed her breasts and teased her hard centre. She pleasured herself against him, and then when the feelings overtook her she let him roll on top of her and laid back, panting in ecstasy as he thrust into her again and again, her body bucking and writhing under him. He savoured the feel of her round him as he drove into her, the way her body was responding, tightening around his cock till the breath hissed out between his teeth with the pleasure of fucking her so hard. His eyes drank her in as she lay prone beneath him, her skin slick with sweat, her hands clenched into the bedclothes, gasping with each deep, penetrating stroke, and he fought for control so he could keep riding her, keep pumping into her heat and wetness and tightness.

Finally she felt him come inside her and as the warmth flooded her he collapsed on top of her, the heat and weight of him, his skin damp with perspiration, and they kissed once more.

For a few minutes they lay, inert and exhausted, and he was too shagged out to protest when she gently pushed him off and knelt over him, reaching to the far corner of her bed.

"What are you doing?" he murmured idly, taking her nipple between his thumb and forefinger as it swung in his face. Then, as he felt the soft material constrict around his wrist he looked up with startled eyes.

"My turn now," she told him in a husky voice, looking down with a wicked smile and running her tongue along her teeth. She winked before she turned back to the knot she was pulling tight. Her body was still flushed with the heat of "his turn" as she moved above him; he found himself willingly giving her his other wrist. She might call this her turn – but he couldn't wait...