 (It's been almost two years since I wrote anything for Lit. Please enjoy.)

*

To say she was in a bind would be putting it mildly. 

Rose was in her bed. That much she understood to be clear. The blankets she normally snuggled under were on the floor instead of on the bed. She would have done her first instinctual move which would be to put the blankets and sheets back on the bed if she wasn't in the situation she was in. She looked up at the right side of her headboard, at least right from her perspective and saw one of the sources of her predicament. 

Her right wrist was tied to the headboard by one of her scarves from her closet. 

She looked to her left side and saw the same predicament. It took every ounce of her control to not scream for help at that moment. Especially since her lover was not only still in the house, but also was the orchestrator of this situation. As she sat there trying to calm down, she remembered a Skype conversation she had with him. Damn the alcohol that loosened her lips enough to reveal her desire to be tied down. Damn his vivid memory that seemed to remember after their first night together the previous night. 

Their first night after "Jack" arrived was a mostly vanilla night. They spent the first few moments in the shower after Jack's flight exploring each other. It was then that Jack discovered how sensitive Rose's nipples were. He spent a long time kissing, suckling and softly pressing her nipples before he felt Rose get weak in the shower. The moan she released seemed to bounce off the tile in the shower and Jack had to assist a naked Rose into the bedroom. 

It was as he laid her on the bed that he checked out Rose more, in person. He took stock of her brown shoulder length hair with purple highlights. She mentioned to him in a chat earlier that week that she did it just for him. He also noticed her sparkling hazel eyes and her sensuous lips. He thought to himself how much he would enjoy feeling those lips on him throughout the weekend. He looked down at the focus of his attention earlier and noticed how erect her nipples were, begging to be sucked on again as if she needed to nurse. Her breasts were the mature breasts of a woman and mother and not of some stick like college coed. Rose was the woman Jack desired above the blonde bimbos at his college. 

As he looked down her body, he saw her legs seem to try to hide her privacy from his view. Jack knew he would have plenty of time to explore that area as well over the weekend. As he started looking through her closet for some ideas, a plan formed in his mind that gave him the wicked smile Rose loved. Unfortunately, it was then that Rose surrendered to sleep and Jack had the whole night to make his plan come to fruition. 

When Rose awakened hours later and she saw her wrists bound, she had many thoughts rush through her mind. They vanished when Jack walked into the room looking at her, almost mentally devouring her in his mind. Jack's hair was dry from the shower by this time and his short spiky black hair looked like he moved gel through it. His blue eyes pierced through her, like an arrow through its target. As she looked down his body, she saw the tell tale tattoo of the heart on his chest. She then looked down and saw his snake was already aroused, as if ready to strike at any moment. 

"I'm sorry I..." she started to say before she saw him hold his index finger to his lips. 

"What did I say about apologies, Pet?" he asked. 

Her response was looking down at her toes. Her toes painted purple to match her new highlights. The same purple that Jack said was his favorite color. She thought about everything she did for this moment. Not only picking him up from the airport, but coordinating the visit to ensure her husband and son were away at his relatives for the week. She needed to be desired, to be craved as the object of desire she wanted to be. It was at that moment that Jack walked to the head of the bed. 

"Do you remember what you told me last night?" he asked. 

She nodded. 

"Tonight, you can moan as loud as you want. I am going to show you how much I need you." 

He punctuated that statement by leaning down and taking her right nipple between his lips. Rose closed her eyes for a moment to savor the feeling before opening them again. She told Jack before about how much she missed breast feeding her son just because how hot she became when he fed. It was too naughty to tell her conservative husband and after she started expressing milk, her husband's desire for her went down. All efforts she tried to get him to pay attention to her as he did before she was pregnant went to naught and she suffered for years with her toy and a supply of batteries before Jack popped onto the Porn board. Jack represented what she needed. She wanted to be desired, to be savored like the goddess he said she was. 

She started feeling his teeth lightly graze her nipple as his fingers started to trace down her mid section. Jack loved softness of Rose's stomach and the evidence of her real womanhood. She confessed she was self conscious of her stretch marks, but feeling Jack's fingers slide along them made her feel sensual. His fingers followed the trail of sensuality until it touched the tip of her vulva. 

She moaned instinctively. She was already close to cumming already just by his ministrations on her breasts alone. It's what led her to Jack in the first place was the fact he claimed to be a "tit-man". Jack's lips kissed a trail down her right breast and up her left breast. It was a moment until her left nipple was within his bite. He suckled her breast hungrily, as if he needed the milk contained within. She moaned a bit louder by this time as his fingers began to circle her vulva more. She already knew she was wet. In her mind, she hoped to feel his tongue down there as well. 

One last bite and Rose began to moan loudly. Jack looked up at her face and smile knowing it would be the second one at that point. He started to lick downwards until his tongue licked the tip of her vulva as he slid a finger deep inside her wetness. Rose began to moan again. She could only imagine how coated his finger was with her essence as she felt a second finger slide into place. In her mind, she knew what Jack was looking for. Once his tongue licked inside her wetness, she knew she could not hold back and she felt another climax. Jack smiled keeping count in his head as he slid onto his arms and watched his cock touch her trimmed mound. 

"Please!" she yelled before Jack slid his cock up and down her gash. 

"Please what, Pet?" he asked almost sneeringly. 

"Please fuck me, Master!" she yelled, correcting herself. 

His first thrust was strong, full force. His seven inch cock penetrated her needy cunt with desire and she moaned on contact. As he thrust inside her, he tried to hold back, knowing he had wicked ideas in mind to tease his new conquest. As his snake slid from the hold covered in her juices, he quickly walked to the head of the bed and presented it to Rose. Rose opened her mouth, almost as if on cue and started to taste her essence on his cock. She thought in her mind for a moment how it had been so long since she took a cock between her lips and was afraid of disappointing her lover before three inches slid between her lips. 

An instance later, Jack slid back inside her, pleased that she was wanting as much as she claimed. His hands found her hips as he started pounding her pussy and she started moaning. It was then he spied her nipples again standing proudly. He reached over to the side of the bed and grabbed two clothes pins. Rose saw them and a look of alarm appeared on her face before he threw them down. 

"That comes later, Pet," he said as he reached for her right nipple and pinched slightly. 

A shockwave went though Rose as she felt it throughout her body. It only took a few more moments before Jack started to feel the rush in his groin, knowing full well he would be blasting Rose. He looked at her before he felt her legs trying to surround him, letting him know her intentions. The next stroke was pure explosion as Rose received Jack's offering in her pussy. It was a few moments before Jack pulled his softened cock out of Rose and offered it to her lips again. 

As Rose tasted Jack's cum for the first time, Jack began to untie the knots holding up her right wrist. Rose freed hand immediately went to his cock to stroke it as Jack watched. It was going to be a good weekend.