 Slowly, I seem to be waking and welcoming consciousness but something is different. I try to move my arms, but I can't. They are laden with sleep; I convince my mind and drift back into a dream. Attempting to roll over, suddenly I am very awake and aware that I am restrained. I realize that not only are my arms bound but my legs as well. I lift my head up to look around but it is too dark; I cannot see anything. Then I realize, it isn't really dark, I have a soft blindfold keeping sight from me.

Testing my tethers, I feel them tight on my wrist as I pull. I try each of my four limbs and I am most definitely under your command. I whisper your name. No answer. I call out to you and you hear a little panic in my voice. I feel your finger on my lips and all you tell me is, "Shhhhhhhhhhh." 

Gooseflesh travels my body, up and down my spine, as the cool chill of the morning air hits my naked, spread-eagle body. I feel so vulnerable at this moment: naked, tied, blindfolded, and under your complete control. This is what I want, I remember. This is my fantasy I shared with you several weeks ago. This is exhilarating and I can feel the tingle start to spread through my body.

It is said when you lose the use of one of your senses, the others become more acute. I believe this now. I can smell the orange ginger wafting through the air. The faint hint of rose catches my breath as I breathe in deeply. However, I cannot tell where you are. 

Something is tickling my nose and I think it is my own auburn hair that has traveled over my face. I move my head a little and try to flip my hair, but it comes back, brushing against my nose. I try to blow air up from my mouth to remove the irritant, but it is still there. It moves down to my lips and throat and I realize it is a feather, soft as a sigh, trailing down my torso just barely touching my skin. I am ticklish and you decide to torment me by tracing my limbs with the feather. Starting at my silk-bound wrist, you move the feather in maniacal patterns on my ivory skin, spending time on those places you know I am ultra-sensitive. I wiggle to try to get away from the feather but you continue, relentlessly tormenting under my arms, the side of my ribs, my outer thighs and down to my feet. I can't help but gasp and giggle and I wonder if you are enjoying this teasing of me? I feel my body responding to your touch, my nipples hardening, and the warmth increasing between my legs.

Suddenly, the feather is gone, but the smell of rose is pungent in the air. I feel the velvet softness on the swell of my breast first and it causes me to arch my back in surprise. You circle that softness around the entirety of both breasts in a slow figure 8 motion several times and quiet whimpers come from my lips. Brushing against my hardened nipples, I realize the object you have is indeed a rose, and that softness is the opening petals of a blossom. You brush each sensitive nipple several times before moving the rose in the valley of my breasts and move it up to my chin and then straight back down. In a straight line, you are headed to my navel, which you swirl the rose around a few times and then, the rose is gone.

Tingling in anticipation of your next move, I let out a content sigh. You are so quiet and stealthily moving about- I can't wait for your next move. I feel the movement of air and then, quite unexpectedly, the feeling of that velveteen softness on my inner thigh, heading straight up to the source of my heat. It is so soft on my freshly-shaven lips, so cool on my heat. I buck my hips as much as I can with my ankles restrained and moan as you slide the petals up and down my slit, gathering my dew. 

Raw heat emanates from me due to your tender ministrations: achingly wanting more touch, more contact other than a feather or rose. I whisper these things to you but you won't respond. You keep on with your soft tormenting of my body. Suddenly, the rose is gone too. No, bring it back; it is exquisite torture.....and I am on fire.

Cold! Is that cold water dripping on my breast? I jump as you bring an ice cube to the soft underside of one breast. I can feel the frigidness of the ice as it directly touches my skin and the subsequent pooling trail it leaves. My skin sears the liquid edge and instantly melts it upon contact. You draw half circles with the ice, alternately under both breasts, and then bring the ice up to my neck and tease the sensitive spot just below my ear, and then down my neck and clavicle. Surprising me, you put it on my lips and I open my mouth so that my tongue can snake out for a lick. Once again, I feel it travel down my body, to the very pink, hard nipples crying from your encouragement. So very cold on them, I can feel them tighten, enlarge, and start to become numb from the ice. Oh, how I long for your warm wet mouth to capture those sweet tips in your mouth! I think about that and can't help but moan and try to move closer to you as the ice melts on me and rivulets of cold water wash down my breasts.

Something quite warm is drizzling on me in a line from between my breasts and down, pooling in my navel and stopping just shy of my red curls below. I giggle a little at the sudden change in temperature and feel the generous amount of fluid rolling down my sides. The smell is exquisite, the soft scent of orange ginger I realize just as your hands start to spread the oil on my skin. You massage me beginning with my breasts. You are so skilled, rubbing and working the oil into me. I can feel it spreading even more of a warm glow on me. Your hands cup, squeeze, and rub each breast and I can visualize your fingers coming together as you pinch and pull on my nipples.

Moving down, you use the flat of your hand and rub the warm oil in circular motions all around my body down my tummy, playing in my navel and causing me to pull yet again at my restraints. I'm so very warm, hot, and in need of more of your touch! You continue spreading out the oil liberally all over my skin I feel your fingers on my outer lips. You are applying more warm oil with your fingertips in a soft, slow tease. Your fingers trail up and down each side, rubbing that intoxicating oil into me. My hips arch up to meet you, but I can only pull more against the silk that binds me. You massage my clit; I don't know if I can take much more of this! I feel your fingers gently plying my lips open so that I am fully exposed to you and then your sweet breath is on me. The feeling is almost more than I can take as I writhe within the confines of my bound state. I am moaning and pleading with you to take me, I need you so badly.

I feel your hands slip underneath me to hold each of my cheeks in your hand and your breath is closer to my pussy. Jolts of pure pleasure shoot through my entire being as your lips gently yet insistently nibble on me. I can feel your beard brushing me and I so wish that I could see you, run my fingers through your hair, hold you to me as you continue to taste of me. Your tongue is like a velvet touch on me as it delves inside of my core. Holding me up to feast on me, I am yours. Feeling like a million sparks are emanating from those few contact points of your flesh and mine, I know it is only a matter of time before I explode. Can you feel the tightening of muscles knotting inside of me as you continue your delicious torture of me? Your hands holding me up squeeze my cheeks and you are lapping up my juices, using the flat of your tongue to open me before you dart within my core only to repeat. I can hear and feel a barely audible moan thrust into me and the vibrations from your mouth only fuel my desire. Involuntarily, my body writhes before you and I cry out to you as I come and you wickedly stay there, buried between my thighs and continuing to tongue me as my orgasms continue. 

How many did I have? Many or was it one continuous feeling? How long has passed? I do not know.....minutes, hours, a day? I don't know, as I am beyond thought or words. I do know you have climbed into the bed with me and are laying beside me with your arm wrapped around me and a leg thrown over me. Still blindfolded and very much bound to the bed, I am left with my other senses to tell me that you are indeed nude and certainly aroused as I can feel you hard, pressing into my thigh. You are holding me with your face lying softly on a breast, nuzzling me. My entire body is still warm; the fire you created still glowing embers. Untie me so that I can hold you and return to you the pleasures you have bestowed upon me. Softly pleading I whisper to you, "Untie me." You shake your head against my breast, pull me closer, holding me tighter to you and reply, "I'm not done with you."

And, with that, desire overcomes me, my senses paralyzing my consciousness as I lose myself to you...