 Well...it has been one of "THOSE" days at work and I am tired. All I want to do is come home, climb into your lap and feel your arms go around me as you reassure me that everything will be fine.

I open the door expecting to see you slouched out on the couch with your favorite beer in hand, waiting for me, but the den is oddly silent. I set my briefcase in the kitchen and slip off my shoes and go in search for you.

I finally find you in the bedroom. You are in your boxers and your hair is wet. You must have just gotten out of the shower and fell asleep waiting for me. I see that you must be dreaming. There is a small smile on your face and you are semi-aroused. I can see the tip of your cock protruding ever so slightly from your boxers. This brings a smile to my face as I begin to undress quickly and quietly.

Once I am fully nude, I climb into bed with you and just watch you sleep for a few moments. You are so wonderfully relaxed and look beautiful, as you lie there unaware that I am watching you sleep.

I can wait no longer. I slide down the bed until I am lightly breathing in your scent and begin to nuzzle your cock with my face. I hear you moan softly and at that moment, I take the tip of your cock in to my mouth and gently run my tongue around it. I feel your breathing become deeper and your cock slowly starts to harden under my gentle touch. As I feel you getting harder, I start to slowly take more of your cock down my throat and suck with a little more pressure. At the sign of the wonderful pressure that I am giving your cock, I can feel you become more and more aware of what is taking place.

You are finally awake and your fingers are entwined in my hair, guiding the movements of my mouth and tongue in ways that will give you ultimate satisfaction. I can feel you getting nearer and nearer to your orgasm. You suddenly pull me up so that I am lying completely atop your body. You whisper against my lips, "That was the best wake up call that I have ever received Angel." With those words, you bestow upon me the sweetest kiss imaginable.

By this time, I am so very aroused and deepen the kiss to tell you how much that I want to feel you deep inside of me. You can feel the urgency in my kisses and respond in kind. You can feel your hard cock teasing my clit as I slowly rock my body against yours. You can feel the wetness that surrounds the tip and you slowly begin to slide deeply into my tight and waiting pussy.

As you slide deeply within my body, I capture your lips in passionate kiss. You can feel the soft and breathy moans that are coming from within my throat and this spurns you to thrust gently again and again. My body is on fire and I slowly sit upon you so that I feel all of your hard cock deep with in my pussy. I ride you slowly, moving just enough to tease us both. You soon tire of this teasing and roll the both of us until you have gained the dominant position and thrust deeply into my wet and waiting pussy. This elicits a deep moan from my throat and you feel my nails sink into you at your waist and slowly move up and down your back as you continue to thrust deeply and slowly. I feel you moan at the sharp pleasure that my nails are giving you. You reach between our bodies to stroke my clit. At your touch, I reach up to kiss you deeply and move against you faster. You can sense that I will be cumming soon. You thrust harder and harder as you finger my clit faster and faster. I whisper into your ear, "I am going to cum Sweetness." At my words, you kiss me deeply and that sparks my orgasm.

You feel me hold you tightly to my body in a fierce hug as my pussy squeezes you tightly over and over again. This is more than you can handle as you helplessly begin to cum deep within me until I have milked you dry.

I hold you close to me, gently kissing your temple and smoothing your hair away from your face. After a few moments, you look up at me and smile..."Welcome Home Angel".