 A scenario I shared with a long distance friend.

We take a shower together, just teasing each other. We dry off and head to the bedroom, letting our towels find the floor as we climb into bed. Our tongues find each other and entwine as our lips lock in a deep and passionate kiss. We continue kissing, occasionally nipping at each other's lip. I move in and kiss your lobe, gently sucking as I pull away. Then I work down your neck slowly with my kisses.

As we begin to make out passionately leaving reminders on our necks, I slowly guide your hands above your head. I kiss you deeply as you feel the cuffs close around your wrists. I return to kissing you, biting you softly as I pull back to start kissing down your neck, being sure to leave a reminder no one can miss.

I continue across your chest, reaching your right nipple. I kiss it, gently pulling with my lips a few times, then I start to suck lightly as I teasingly lick it as well. I move to your left nipple and give it the same attention. Thinking I'll move down your body, you let out a little frustrated sigh as I return to your right nipple, kissing it again, then sucking and licking more intensely.

As a moan escapes your lips, I reach up and gently force the gag into your mouth that had been hidden under the pillow. I lightly buckle it, knowing you can't remove it or tell me to stop any longer. I continue with giving more attention to your other nipple. Then, I begin to kiss my way down your belly, pausing briefly at your navel.

After making it to your hips, I begin slowly down your right leg. As I make my way down, I pull your leg towards the corner of the bed. After giving your ankle some attention, I wrap your leg with soft ribbon, securing it to the bed. As if in slow motion, I work back up your leg and across your hips. Knowing what's coming doesn't make my progress down your left leg any faster. After securing it as well, I begin back up your leg, but move to your inner thigh, kissing it while lightly tracing figure eights on your right thigh. After a few moments, I change it up, kissing the right and tracing eights on the left.

Finally, I move between your legs, kissing up one side of your mound and down the other, never touching you where you need it most. I kiss you once at the top of your lips, then I start to lick them gently, never parting them. You whimper and plead with your eyes, so I slowly part your lips little by little with each successive lick. With your lips fully open, I lick you harder, but never enter you. Your moans make it clear what you need, but I only dart my tongue into you once, eliciting a deliciously frustrated moan.

I start to gently suck on your hood, finally giving you some of the pleasure you've been craving. Your moans grow louder and you would cry out if you could as you feel my tongue work under your hood. It cups your lovely button, sliding back and forth. As your body begins to quiver, I pull away. The frustration evident as you can do nothing but let your body calm back down.

Soon though, I return, pushing my tongue into you slowly and gently, bring forth a new round of moans. I begin to curl my tongue upwards, rubbing your special little spot with each thrust. When you begin to buck your hips, I reach up and play with your nipples with one hand, rubbing, pinching, pulling, twisting. At the same time, I start to alternate between your clit and thrusting into you, rubbing little circles on your button, while I'm pushing my tongue into you.

Finally, your body begins to spasm with your intense orgasm. I reach up and remove your gag. I kiss you deeply, sharing the intoxicating taste of your juices as I continue stimulating you with my hand. When you come down, I lick you some more, gathering as much of your juices as I can, before making out with you again as you recover.

When you seem to have gotten some strength back, I start licking you again, your taste making my head swirl with my need for you. Once you start moaning and moving your hips, I climb onto you and kiss you passionately as I slowly enter you a little more with each thrust.

I keep a teasingly slow pace for a short while, then begin getting a little faster with each thrust. As we get lost in our wild abandon, I start kneading your breasts and reach down to rubs little circles on your clit with my thumb, slowly pushing away the hood.

We collide harder and harder and I start working my fingers into you opposite my thrusts, while keeping my thumb going on your sensitive nub. Finally we both spasm with our shared climaxes. After stiffening, all the tensions leaves my muscles and I lay atop of you. All we can do is mindlessly rock our hips until the pleasure finally releases its hold on us.

Bodies still entwined, we drift off to sleep as one being, no longer two separate people.