 (This is the sequel to On The Steps, but you don't need to read it first. I just wrote it to introduce my characters and lay stuff out. Happy reading, I hope!)

We finally got up and got something to eat, and then we got sidetracked on the kitchen table with some juicy peaches... then we were tired so we went upstairs to his king size bed – I love big beds, they have so much potential – and fell asleep, exhausted. 

I stirred, waking up fully without opening my eyes. I reached out, hit flesh. Mmm, nice, soft – yet solid, warm flesh. It all came flooding back.

"Oh god" I rolled over. I had just had sex with a guy I had just ... Okay, don't think about that now. The point is, what's done is done, and I have a hot sexy male in bed with me. I rested on my elbow and looked over him. That face, the silky hair, the strong shoulders, muscled chest and arms, narrow hips... that wonderful dick half hard in his sleep. He was smooth and solid and warm all over. I couldn't let this go to waste. But first... hmm, that would be just yummy. I lean over and open the bedside drawer. Jackpot! Velvet lined handcuffs, perfect. I quietly took two pairs of handcuffs and attached both his hands to a bedpost. Then I grabbed some silk ties and tied his feet to the bottom bedposts. I leaned back to admire my handiwork. Lovely. Just Delicious. I smiled and set to waking him up.

I started kissing him on the mouth, softly, moving over his face, then down to his neck. He was still asleep so I used my teeth on his neck, nuzzling, biting, then licking soothingly. I moved down to his chest on all fours and bit his nipple hard. He jerked awake and tried to rise. I looked up from his chest and smiled devilishly. He relaxed and leaned back.

"I see you've got me all at your mercy here"

"You better believe it stud." I licked his nipple and made him shudder. I went at him with no mercy, licking and biting and sucking his flat nipples, occasionally heading downward, til his stomach muscles tensed, then moving back up to play with his upper chest. Yup, I'm a tease. Proud of it. I licked up his chest, up his arm to his hands. I licked the palm of his hand, nipped at his wrist, finally sucking his fingers into my mouth. I bit them just lightly and sucked them, letting him feel the heat of his mouth. He was moaning and pulling at the cuffs. I moved to his other hand and allowed my pussy to rub along his abs. I French kissed him, loving the feeling of him sucking hard on my tongue. I broke away and gave him one smacking kiss before rising. "You just wait here a moment, sexy"

I went downstairs to the kitchen, picked out a few choice foods. I returned to his room, and smiled at him. I put the stuff on the floor by the bed. "Guess what babes. You are really, really tasty. But even the you could use some toppings." I smile and hold up the whipped chocolate cream.

You're breathing hard, not talking much. There's nothing for you to say or do, I'm so ready to ravish you. I pour the cream in little circles around your nipples. They're oh so sensitive, I've discovered. I lick them up, not touching your nipples at all, leaving you wanting. I draw a heat on your stomach for fun, and follow it with my tongue, licking it up. I put lots all over your hips, still avoiding your cock. I spread it around with my hand, rubbing your lower stomach, so close to your cock aching to be touched. My fingers are all covered with whipped cream, so I stick them in my mouth one at a time, licking them, sucking them.

"I can do that", you gasp.

"Say please, baby"

"Please, please let me suck your fingers." I put them in your mouth, and your mouth tugging at them makes me clench. Once their clean, I move down to start licking the cream off your stomach. I work in long, efficient strokes, licking it up, smiling at you through my hair. I haven't touched you dick at all, and it's aching. To tease you, I flick my tongue just over the top, driving a moan from you. I crawl to the top of the bed and kiss you.

"Oh baby, you won't believe how hungry you've got me." I smile and look at your dick. I lean down and grab a banana. "So, so hungry." I peel it and squirt a bit of cream on it, then lick it off. Now you see where I'm going. I look into your eyes, grin, and stick the banana down my throat, as far as it can go. I pull it out, still intact, and bite off the top. "Mmm. That tastes great."

"You tease", you gasp, your cock aching from my little display. I smile and stick it back in my throat, biting off a big piece. I finish it off and say, "Aw baby, I'm still hungry."

You're eyes are glowering into mine. I slide my tongue over my lips. "You look really hot. Let's see if I can help you there." I grab a small tub of ice cream, which has been melting nicely for a while. It's still cold and mostly solid, just more pliable now. Just the way I like my ice cream. I spoon out some and take it in my mouth. I bring my mouth to your stomach and let the ice cream fall out, but keeping my mouth around it, sliding down. 

You jump from the cold, contrasting with my hot mouth, and where my mouth's heading. I let some ice cream drip over your cock, making you shudder from the cold. Doesn't deflate your hard on at all, though. I lean down and, starting from the base, I lick up the ice cream in strokes, bottom to the top. You're moaning and thrashing, and it makes me so hot. I take another mouth full of ice cream and slide my mouth around the head of your cock. 

You're so relieved I've finally touched you, but you're aching even more now. Again, the contrast of the cold ice cream and my hot lips is sending shivers through you. I take you way into my mouth, sliding up, then down, letting you feel my hot lips run along your cock. I look up at you, and the look in your eyes is so hot... I deep throat you, once, twice, and then crawl up to the top of the bed, licking any left over whipped cream or ice cream.

I untie you, and you immediately grab my hips and pull me down to your face. I'm surprised, and your tongue is deep in me before I can think. But then I can't think. You flip us over, leaning me against the headboard. You dive in between my legs, attacking my clit, thrusting a finger in my cunt. I cry out as you drive me up and up. You're licking me up and I'm shaking so much all I can do is lie there. I feel an orgasm coming up almost there, and you pull away.

I gasp for breath as you pull me flat on my back on the bed. You pinch my clit and thrust your rock hard dick in me, driving a moan from my throat. You hook your arms under my legs, pulling them and wide open, opening me wide. Your hips are pinning mine to the bed, my legs are high in the air: there's nothing I can do to control your pace. You don't have a pace, you keep changing it so I don't know what to expect. I can feel myself cumming already, and you don't stop or anything, just keep driving in me, riding me through my orgasm, giving me no time to recover. You don't stop, you just drive me up again, and by now I'm sobbing and moaning, senses slamming into me without mercy.

As my orgasm nears, I can feel you swelling. The pleasure hits me, and I clench tight around you, making you cum. You pump into me, making me writher and throw my head back into the pillow, crying out in pleasure. You muffle your cries in my neck, giving me a little nip for good measure.

Finally we lay still, my legs wrapped limply around you, our breath still heavy.

(To be Continued, maybe, if people like it)