 This is a story based upon a reply to a sex survey in a women's magazine.

* * * * *

Mark had been seeing Tara for a couple of years and they had been living together for just over a year. They'd had their fair share of ups and downs, but were basically a happy couple with a healthy sex life. They were always more than willing to please each other as long as they were comfortable with it. During one particular month they both seemed horny as hell and were making love almost as much as when they first met. One night Mark arrived home one evening to find Tara feeling particularly horny, meeting him at their front door with a passionate kiss. The kiss got longer and deeper, with them both groping each other as they moved in the direction of the living room. Tara was still wearing her suit – pin striped with a crisp white blouse underneath and what Mark just knew would be hold-up stockings underneath the skirt. These clothes were guaranteed to get Mark hot. Tara broke the kiss to check on the dinner she was preparing for him. Mark walked into the kitchen while she was washing her hands and stood behind her, his arms encircling her waist. "Where were we?" he whispered in her ear.

"You were squeezing my bum" giggled Tara.

"I've found a couple of other things to squeeze now" Mark said as he pawed her breasts.

"Mmmmmm"

"Do you want me?"

"Yes"

"Really?" He asked as he unbuttoned her blouse.

"Uh-huh"

Mark pulled her jacket from her body, then began to slowly drag the blouse from her shoulders, kissing the nape of her neck, and every subsequently exposed piece of flesh. "Do you trust me?" he whispered in her ear.

"Oh yes, you know I do"

"Enough to try something new?"

"Yes"

Mark continued to slowly pull the blouse further down her body and arms until with some of the buttons being still fastened, there was enough sleeve on each arm to tie in a knot. Moving Tara's arms behind her back, he did so, pinning Tara's arms behind her. Pulling down her lacy bra cups over her ample boobs, Mark felt them spring out. Taking her breasts in his hands, Mark hefted them, feeling their weight before circling his fingers inwards to her rapidly stiffening nipples. As he flicked, pinched and gently tugged them, Tara sighed. After teasing her awhile, Mark lead her to the lounge and placed her on her hands and knees on a duvet on the floor. Joining her on, Mark raised her skirt over her bottom, exposing her bum clad in tight black lacy panties. Moving his hand to the crotch, he could feel the warmth and damp emanating from her quim. 

"Why are your knickers so damp?"

"I've been thinking"

"About what"

"You"

"And thinking about me makes you wet does it?"

"Yes"

"Anything in particular?"

"You making love to me"

"Does being like this make you feel naughty?"

"Yes" replied Tara as Mark pushed his thumbs through the waistband of her knickers, and pulled them down to her knees. 

"Then I think you should be punished"

"How?" she asked wiggling her bum.

"Like this" Mark told her as he slapped her bottom gently.

"Ow!" Tara giggled

"Not hard enough eh?"

Smack!

"Ouch"

Smack!

"Ohhhh"

Smack!

"Ohhhh"

Smack!

"Ohhhh"

Removing his clothing and moving under Tara's pussy, Mark began to lick.

"Mmmmmm. Oh yes. Make me cum. Please."

Mark pushed his tongue between the petals of her sopping sex, moving it upwards towards her clit, mopping up her juices. Using his fingers to spread her plump cunt lips wide, he stabbed at her hole with the tip of his tongue. Then, drawing concentric circles on her opened quim with his tongue, Mark moved back towards her hole. He felt the tell tale trembling in Tara's body which told him she was about to cum.

"Fuck. Oh Fuck yes. Fuck me!"

Sliding out from underneath her, Mark positioned himself behind her and rubbed the tip of his dripping cock from the top of her bum cleavage to her clit.

"Put it in!"

Beg for it.

"Please!"

Not good enough.

"Please put your cock in me"

In which hole"

"In my cunt"

"How bad do you want it?"

"Very"

Tara gasped as Mark slowly pushed his member easily into her soaking pussy.

"How does that feel?"

"Good"

"Do you enjoy being taken like this? Does it make you feel slutty?"

"Yes"

Holding onto Tara's hips, Mark slowly began to move in and out of her.

"Fuck me hard. Please"

Pushing an index finger into her snatch alongside his prick, Mark began to pump faster. Pulling the finger out, he circled Tara's anus with it. Again, he pushed it into her quim, lubricating it before pulling it out and pushing it against her tight arsehole. He repeated this a couple more times before pushing his finger into her ring, causing her to squeal.

"It's no use protesting. As a slut you should be happy for me to use you in any way I see fit. I might push another finger into your bum or even my cock. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

"No. Please don't. It's too tight"

Mark began to move faster, brushing his other hand against her clit, making her squeal. He took his finger from her arsehole and began to play roughly with her swinging tits and nipples.

"Oh yes, oh yes, I'm cumming. Cum in me. Do me."

Pumping harder and faster, Mark could feel himself about to cum and continued to rub Tara's clit.

"Don't stop. Don't stop. Oh yes. Fucking hell, I'm cumming."

"My slut wants to cum does she?"

"Yes, please let me cum. I'll do anything for you. Just make me cum."

Mark couldn't believe how filthy Tara was being and speeded up with both his hand and his cock.

All of a sudden, Tara let out a wail and he could feel the walls of her pussy clamping his cock tight, trying to milk him. He felt the cum rise from his balls and rush up his cock and holding Tara tight, sunk his prick into her to the hilt, spewing cum all over her insides.

They collapsed exhausted onto the bed, panting with pleasure. After untying her, the first thing Tara did was slap Mark hard in the face.

"Ow! What was that for"

"For being such a bastard"

Then she kissed him savagely.

"And that was a thank you for being such a bastard."