 On a warm summer day out by the pool was a very sexy, and sensual young girl laying out in the summer heat. Her body was firm, and her skin glowed with the color of her bikini. Her tits were firm and her ass was tight as she walked across the platform. You could catch the glisten of sweat running down her inner thighs as she laid out with her legs slightly apart. Providing a sexy view of her crotch. I didn't swim much for fear of my hard-on showing through my swim trunks. I think part of the excitement was generated by her youthful spirit and looks. She was 5'8" with Brown hair that flowed down her back. Her breasts had to have been at least a Full C size. I loved the way her tits parted from the confines of her bikini top. 

My bulge would get bigger. My cock ached from the pulsating feeling I started to have. To tease her I would jump into the pool and stroke my cock and then get out of the pool with a hard on hoping that would get her attention. I once thought that I caught a slight smile from her but I could not be sure. I laid down on my towel. I am 6'1" with short dark hair and blue/green eyes. My cock is about 7 inches when fully erect. I had a definite pole in my tent. About 15 minutes later Tiffany began to leave. She stood up and put on her T-shirt. It was a half tee, which showed off her slim waistline. She then stepped into her jeans shorts and without bending her knees she reached down to pull her shorts up. She bent over in front of me, and I nearly lost my sense of well being. She picked up her bag and headed to the women’s shower room. Knowing that evening was upon I headed out the door myself a couple minutes after she left.

To my surprise, she was just exiting the ladies room right before me. She had changed into a outfit that was probably sexier than her bikini. She had dawned a white buttoned up the front shirt from which the material hung off her tits, and a very short green satin mini-skirt. She wore heals that made her ass stand out from under her skirt.

She winked at me as she passed by me. "What was this," I thought to myself. Do I detect an interest on her behalf? She had the deepest eyes. I couldn't tell if those were "Fuck me eyes, or fuck you eyes," that she glared at me. As she walked away from me she motioned for me to follow her. I quickly sprang into action. She walked me over to the house across the way. She said, Hi...My name is Tiffany! Come on in. I saw you watching me. Did you like what you saw?" I responded yes. She asked me if I wanted to see more. When she talked her full red lips re-woke my cock to a polite salute. Come on in. My parents are away.

Now, I am 22 and I usually don't have a problem with parents, but this was a different matter. She showed me to her room and asked me to sit down on the bed. She said with a smile, "I saw you looking at me and I appreciate you getting out of the water before me." I was still wearing my suit, which had dried by then with one exception. I had on a T-shirt too. She bent over in front of me like she did when she pulled up her shorts at the pool. My eyes widened when I noticed that she was wearing a pair of red satin thong panties under her satin green skirt. WOW! She stood up and asked me "Do you like my body?" I nodded a yes. I think. 

She gently started to unsnap her buttons from her white blouse. Her nipples began to pierce through her shirt. She knew she was being a naughty girl. To my surprise she was wearing a white lacey bra and her nipples were hard as nails. I reached over to run my hands up her thighs. They were soft to the touch. She shivered at my slightest touches. I slide my hand up her satin skirt and felt her wet mound through her panties. She was already very moist. Almost oozing from her pussy. I reached up with both hands and curled my fingers around her panty strings. I gently slide them down from her ass. As they pulled off of her the crotch of her panties snapped from their moist inner chambers. I could smell her inner juices flowing from her. "You are a Bad Boy," she said. I just smiled and returned the compliment with a grin.

My next instinct was to turn her around and push up her skirt up off her ass. Exposing her mound from behind. I began to lick her ass and slide my fingers to her well-shaved pussy lips. Her pubic hair was soft and a light brown color. She dropped her blouse to the floor and I reached up to unlatch her bra. I also unzipped her skirt as it fell to the floor. She stood there before me with her pussy bare. She held her bra on as the straps feel off her shoulders. 

She lowered her hands so her bra could fall from her breasts. My cock could not be restrained any longer. I stood up off the bed and she pulled down my swim trucks as I pulled off my shirt. I was naked and my cock stood there waiting to be invited in. She smiled and then began to lick down my chest. Slicing with her tongue down my body. She put her hands under my balls and put her full red lips over my shaft. She pulled off and licked the full length of the back of my ripe cock. She swallowed it again and this time she had her ruby red lips completely wrapped around my shaft. Ahhhh. She felt so good. She sucked until I was about to cum. She stopped and said, "not just yet." I knew right then, and there she was not new to this experience.

She laid down on her bed and began fingering her pussy. Slowing stroking her finger through her slit. Taking a little extra time at the top. Exposing her clit at times. The moisture pounded out from her juiced lips. I kneeled down in front of her and pushed her long legs apart. I lapped my tongue across her inner thigh as I headed to her creamy pussy. She let out a soft moan as I stroked her pussy with my tongue. The smell was inviting and I continued to eat her out as she flowed onto my tongue. She let out a soft moan. Her body began to quiver. My cock had to feel her from the inside. I pulled my cock into my hand and positioned it to her pussy lips. I slowly slid myself into her tight pussy. 

She let out a louder moan. I started to pump my cock into her slowly but began to fasten the pace. Her moans grew louder and her gasps for air became shorter. Her tits as firm as they were could not hold back as they bounced from my thrusts deep inside of her. My cock swelled to new extents, and she began to shift uncontrollably. Her moans grew loud that I knew she was about to cum hard. 

She said, "Fuck me harder so I can cum!" I began to fuck her as hard as I could, and sure enough her pussy began to pulsate around my cock. I began to feel a rush in my cock that I wanted to explode. I pulled out and shot my sweet hot juices onto her stomach and into her pussy. She began to massage my hot cum onto her tummy. Taking a taste of it into her ruby red lips. "Mmmmmm," you moaned as she sampled my hot cum. She reached for another sample. This time with her three fingers. She licked her fingers clean as my cum moistened her lips. The sun glistened in through the window making her lips shine with my cum. I laid down, spent, next to her. She whispered in a broken voice that we will have to do it again sometime. All I could manager was a sincere smile. :)