 I was sitting in my office just after 5 when she walked in. I had thought I was the only one left and wondered why she remained.

I asked what she wanted when she turned to lock the door and lower the lights. She gave no response as she moved toward me.

Her name was Jenny, and for months we had flirted with one another. We would tease each other with emails, and suggestive touches, but until now it remained just that.

As I turned to face her she reached down and removed my tie

Once pulled from my neck she placed it over my eyes and tied it tightly behind my head. She then tied my wrists to the arms of the chair with some form of material that felt like a scarf. She made sure my constraints were nice and tight before stepping back away from me.

I was both turned on and a bit alarmed at what was taking place, and it seemed like an eternity as I sat there in silence.

I called out to her several times with no reply. At this point, I was getting frustrated and tried to free myself, but she proved to be a skilled expert in the tying knots.

Just then I felt the cool sensation of her breath on my skin. It started near my ear and moved down my neck.

I could then feel the buttons of my shirt being removed as her lips lightly traced their way down my chest.

I sat biting my bottom lip as her nails ran down my chest.

With delicate fingers, she unbuckled my belt, and gently unzipped my pants. My breathing increased as I felt her hand wrap around my hardening cock.

With slow and deliberate strokes she began running her smooth hand up and down my shaft - then, without warning she released me. I inhaled deeply, longing for her touch once again.

With my cock standing at full attention I could hear what sounded like the removal of her clothes. Then, from the silence, I could hear a faint whimper escape her lips. 

She was touching herself as she watched me sitting there helpless.

I could smell her sex as she ran a wet index finger across my lips. I opened my mouth sucked hard, the taste of her pussy making me want her even more. If I could only free myself, I would throw her across my desk and devour her until she screamed out my name - but this was her game, and she was clearly in charge.

Reaching down, she removed my pants and briefs, knelt down between my knees and spread my thighs. I was completely exposed to her, and My cock was as hard as I could have ever remembered.

My cock twitched as I felt her breath on my shaft - begging to be inside of her. I could feel her lips grazing along my length as she took in my own scent. Then her tongue would flick across the head.

Slowly she began licking my shaft from top to bottom - then with one fluid movement, she took my entire shaft past her lips. Her warm wet mouth engulfed my cock, and I let out a deep moan.

She held me there as her tongue swirled in deliberate motions. I tried to lift up to fuck her mouth, but her hands held my thighs down, reinforcing that she was in control.

As she released my cock from her mouth I began to groan to myself, begging for more... 

It seemed like an eternity as I waiting for her. My cock stood at attention, slick with her saliva, my hands straining to get free.

Then, from the silence, I felt the warm and wet sensation of her pussy sliding down over my cock. I held my breath as her lips swallowed every inch of me, her juices slowly dripping down onto my balls.

She sat there for some time before raising herself to the top of my shaft. Then with force, she lowered herself once again. Over and over - fucking my cock like it was a toy.

Grunting loudly I told I was about to cum. 

Abruptly she stood up, allowing my cock to slip from her folds. Then I felt the ties around my wrists loosen and my hands were free.

I immediately removed my blindfold and looked up to see her leaning over my desk with her ass in the air. From between her thighs, I could see her fingers sliding in and out of her pussy.

Without a moment of hesitation, I got up and walked towards her - thrusting my cock inside her with one fluid stroke. She moaned as I entered her hard and fast. Now, I was in control.

With my hands on her hips, I began thrusting inside her, until I heard her crying out that she was cumming.

As her orgasm subsided I removed my still hard cock from her sex and slide it gently through my fingers. She turned and fell to her knees before me staring directly into my eyes.

As I placed my hand on the back of her head, she leaned forward and took my cock back into her delicious mouth. I looked down and watched it disappear past her lips and down her throat. She moaned as she sucked me, sending shivers down my spine.

With one final thrust, I exploded in her mouth. My knees shaking as she swallowed everything I had to offer.

With sweat dripping from my brow, I removed my softening cock from her lips and helped her to her feet. My hands caressed her body as I held her close.

"Next time, I am going to tie you up," I said.

"Next time I'll let you," she replied.