 I arrived at the hotel room a few minutes early. It was a nice hotel - her business travel had brought her to a nice place for our first tryst. As I approached the door I began to get cold feet again. Who was this woman? She certainly was secretive for someone willing to meet a stranger naked. The only two pics I'd seen of her could be anyone - I really had no idea what she looked like. And I wouldn't find out until we were both naked. It seemed quite a risk.

She could be anyone. What if she was -- well -- unattractive? Or insane? Or a guy? 

But I'd never know if I didn't go inside, I was telling myself as my phone chirped. A text: 'Are you close?'

'At door', I answered. I heard her phone beep through the door. The door unlatched. I took the handle and waited a few seconds before going in. The bathroom was just inside the door and I was able to duck in without entering the main area of the room. 

I undressed. Being naked so close to her erased many of my doubts. "This is it", I thought, looking at myself in the mirror. My dick was hard with excitement.

I stepped out of the bathroom and came to face the bed. She was standing at the foot of the bed, returning my gaze. Completely nude, and shaved, as was I. She was pretty. Prettier than I had thought based on the photos. 

'Hey', I said. 

'Hey', she responded. Her nipples were hard but she looked nervous. 'Why don't you come over here and let me lick that chest of yours', she said. 

I stepped toward her, putting my hands gently on her naked hips. I leaned in to kiss her and then stopped. She was trembling like a leaf. 

'Oh my God,' she said. 'I'm actually doing this. I don't even know you.' 

I smiled at her. 'Do you want to fix that?' She looked at my chest and arms, and the expression on my face, and smiled. She nodded and began nuzzling my right shoulder and bicep. I began to put my arms around her. 

She turned away, exposing her naked ass to me for the first time. It was shapely and inviting. My erection stiffened. I began to kiss the back of her neck as my throbbing erection pressed into her soft, sweet skin. She moaned and reached behind her to take me in her hand and caress me as I pressed against her. 

She stopped suddenly. 'I can't.' 

'Why not,' I asked. 'Is everything okay?'

'What's my last name?,' she asked. 

'I don't know.'

'That's why. We aren't drunk, we aren't old friends, we are just two people who don't know each other. What happens if this isn't fun? If the sex is bad, or if you don't like me, or if we can't make each other come?' She reached for her panties on the dresser and turned to face me. 'I'm sorry. We're strangers.'

'That's why it's okay', I said. 'If you were at a nude beach and saw people you work with, you would not want to undress. But if they're all strangers it's safe. It's the same reason you can tell a stranger your problems over drinks at a bar. If you'll never see her again it's safe.'

'You can be free.'

'Free?' she asked. 'How free?' 

'Completely', I said. 'In this room tonight, you are freer than you've been with any partner before. There's no reason to worry about tomorrow. No expectations. Just freedom to be exactly who you want in this bed.'

She looked up at me. 'I may hold you to that.' She smiled. 'After all, we're already naked. It's a shame to waste that.' I leaned forward and kissed her again. 

'Hold that thought', she said, pulling back gently. She turned to her suitcase and rummaged inside for a few seconds before turning to face me, her nipples hard with excitement, a pair of handcuffs in each hand. 

'So, did you mean it?' she asked. 

'Yes.'

She gestured to the bed. I lay back on the bare sheet with my head on the pillow. She leaned over me. 'Do you want me?' 

'Yes.' 

'Good.' She smiled and cuffed my left wrist to the bed. Then she slid over me -- pausing to let her thigh brush slowly against the head of my dick -- and cuffed the other wrist. 

She put her hands on either side of my head and lowered her face to mine. 'You see', she began, 'I have always wanted to see how hard I can make a dick get. How hard I can make it, and how much I can make the guy want me without letting him do me. At least for a while.' She smiled. 

'It is pretty hard right now', I said. 'Why don't you feel it and see?'

'Oh, we've got a long way to go,' she answered.

At least two hours passed as she teased me. She did everything she could think of to excite me. She kissed and licked my chest, arms, and shoulders. She kissed the insides of my thighs. She kissed and licked my dick for brief moments, occasionally letting me slide into her mouth for a second before pulling her head back and resuming whipping me into a frenzy.

My erection throbbed. I couldn't remember any like it. My heart pounded and my dick felt as if it would explode. She teased me until I thought I would come without her even touching me. She teased me until it became unbearable. And more.

She climbed on top of me and straddled my face. Holding her lips open to expose her clit, she lowered herself to my mouth. She was incredibly wet. I licked her clit eagerly, loving the taste and the smell of her beautiful pussy. I longed to be inside her. I licked her again and again until she began to moan. The moans turned to gasps and the gasps turned to little yelps, until at last she let out a ragged, moaning shout followed by my name in a high-pitched squeal of pleasure as she came.

She backed away from my face and crawled backwards down the bed, letting my dick rub all the way up her body as she went. Halfway down she paused and licked me twice before backing away and off the bed.

I thought I could take no more. I watched as she stood and returned to her suitcase. She came back holding a dildo. 'My favorite,' she said. 

'You don't need it,' I responded. She smiled, then leaned over and whispered in my ear, 'Free.'

She walked to the foot of the bed, turned to me, and climbed onto the mattress. She pushed my legs apart and pushed herself forward to sit between my knees, facing me. My dick throbbed with anticipation. She pushed herself closer, spreading her legs and placing her feet on either side of my thighs. Her sweet, inviting pussy was now just over a foot from my incredibly hard dick. 

Looking me in the eye and smiling, she began rubbing the head of the dildo against the lips of her pussy before sliding it in, gasping. Her head rocked back as she moaned, then she turned back to look me in the eye, moaning my name as if it was me inside her instead of the toy. At least ten more minutes went by like this, as she looked me in the eye and fucked herself while moaning and gasping my name. My dick was an angry, dark red by then, and my heart raced as if I had just run a mile at top speed. 

Finally she stopped, leaned forward, and favored my cock with one slow stroke of my dick inside her mouth. 

'It's time,' she whispered, and began to straddle me. Her pussy hovered over my dick. 'Or... maybe not yet.' 

I gasped. She turned around and straddled me just below where she would to fuck, facing away from me this time and leaning forward. Her pussy, glistening with wetness in the light of the table lamp, beckoned. She leaned forward as if to receive me from behind, her pussy now inches from the head of my dick. She reached behind herself with the dildo and slid it in again. She moaned my name again and again as I watched the dildo, slick with her amazing wetness, pumping in and out of her. Each time she withdrew it her hand would brush against the head of my dick. This was too much. But it continued. Twenty minutes more like this. She came again and again. Each time, she screamed my name. 

And then she stopped. 

She put the dildo on the night table and brought her lips to my ear. 'Do you want me?', she asked. 

'Yes.'

'I've made you like a wild animal, haven't I?'

'Yes.'

'So fuck me like one.'

She stood and walked away again, her body lovely in the light. She returned with the handcuff key. She unlocked my left wrist and whispered in my ear, 'Ready... set...'

As she unlocked the right cuff, she whispered, '...fuck.'

I sat up, taking her forearms in my hands and then pinning her back on the bed. Her hair framed her face beautifully as she smiled up at me for a brief second before I pushed her legs apart and she gasped. 

I had never been so hard in my life. I slid into her, her wetness gliding against my skin. My unbelievable hardness drove into her like an iron bar through whipped cream, over and over again. She screamed in my ear as she came. She screamed my name and shrieked as her orgasm rocked through her body like an electric shock. 

'Come inside me -- now.' 

Perfect timing - I was about to come as she spoke. I drove into her, finally coming harder than I ever had before. I came into her, filling her with my cum as she gasped and I moaned... I collapsed on top of her, panting. 

She kissed my ear and whispered 'That's what I've wanted to do for so long.' 

I responded, 'Me too.'