 Roger helped Tiffany up from the soft carpet. Her long legs had gathered some strength, after the heavy, rapid release they both went through. She hadn't been sure if she wanted sex right away, but her body decided for her. The fact that Roger was so gentle with her helped, too.

He was everything he'd told her in their letters, and much better looking than his picture. She watched as he went in to start the water for their shower. His lean body belied his years. She couldn't believe the man that just made her cum so good was fifty years old. His body performed like someone half his age. The warmth between her legs was proof that he was there. The swollen vulva was red and puffy, the inner labia distended from the recent activity. Her mind and body ached for more.

Their mixed cums ran out of the cleft, and down her thighs. Curious, she scooped some with her fingers, and tasted it gingerly. Surprised at the pleasant flavor, (not  having tasted a man's cum in so long) she licked her fingers clean. She watched as he turned around, and gasped softly when she saw the semi-erect flesh hanging from his belly. 'Was all that in me?' she thought to herself.

Tiffany joined her man, 'My man.' she thought, in the shower, holding on to his arms as she stepped under the hot spray. "Hey, there. Glad you could make it." he said as he kissed her softly. He got a better look at her trim body as he soaped it down. He felt each thigh, knee and toe individually. He payed particular attention to the treasure between her legs. A short, thick pair of puffy lips sheltered the inner labia. They resembled the wings of a soft pink butterfly. The thin slit held the small erection of her clitoris in the sheath at the top and the small hole at the bottom that had just received him. ' She does  have a pretty kitty', he mused.

The light patch of hair above the mound was trimmed short in a triangle. A little lighter in color  than her head. He kissed up her belly to her navel and licked it softly. She held his head to her belly and moaned softly. "Oh, my." His exploration traveled up her body to her neck. His mouth sucked gently on the flesh. Her long hair was plastered down her back, and he pulled it aside. Kissing down her chest, he centered his attention on her small, firm breasts.

The dark nipples were stiff and inviting. Roger sucked each one softly into his mouth, and circled them with his tongue. "OHH, Roger. MMMM, that feels so nice."

"You feel very nice, to me, too." he replied

"You're still 'ready'!" she gasped when her long fingers wrapped around the stiff penis.

"I've been ready for you a long time, Tiffany." he said softly. "I'm sorry I rushed you, in there. It seemed we both needed to take the 'edge' off, and it just happened."

"Oh, no. You don't have to be sorry. It was really good! I.. I just wasn't sure  it would be so soon, but I'm glad we did it." 

She stroked the hardening flesh gently, and kneeled in the streaming water. She examined the massive penis that easily measured the eight inches he had described. Her long fingers just barely surrounded the turgid member as she put her thin lips to the swollen purple crown. Roger stood still, his hands gently holding her head, as he watched his erection disappear into Tiffany's hot mouth.

Her lips moved down the hot flesh, towards the short, well trimmed hairs on his belly. Fingers wrapped the heavy sac below, softly cradling the large testicles. She could see the small scar from the vasectomy, verifying that he was 'safe'. She was on birth control, but it was comforting to know that he was cut, too. She pulled the foreskin all the way down, and tongued the sensitive flesh under it.

Roger moaned, "Ohhhh... Tifffff....you're gonna...ohhh...make me cum....if you keep that up. Her throat was nearly full with him, but she hummed her answer, "MM-MMM" and bobbed her head. Tiff pulled his throbbing flesh from her mouth to tell him, "I want to taste this right from the source." before resuming her oral worship of 'her man's' penis. It filled her throat when she swallowed, finally taking almost all of him down.

His breath came in short gasps, he could feel the fire boiling in his belly. She could feel his heart pulse in the back of her throat. He began to swell, the sac tightened in her hand, and he held her face  firmly.

 "AHHH.....yesssss....here...it...CUMMMMMMMSSSSSS.!!!! He shouted when the hot fluid raced through his body. It felt like it came from his toes as he blasted her throat with his hot, thick semen. Tiff swallowed pulse after pulse of his cream, letting it fill her belly with its warmth. Slowly pulling away, the last drops lingered on her tongue. He pulled her up, and did something a man had never done with her before. Roger thrust his tongue deep into her mouth, and took as much of his own juice as he could from her. "Mmmmm." he said softly. "That's something that should be shared, don't you think?"

Her surprise registered in her eyes, but she answered. "Um..Of course..Yeah, I...I guess so." 

"I think every thing should be shared, as equally as possible, especially pleasure." He smiled, and turned the water off as he stepped from the shower. He took a large towel, and began to dry Tiffany's lean, athlete's body. She was spectacular in his eyes. Each time he studied her, more of her features came to light, the gentle swell of her lower belly enhanced the taper of her long legs where they met at the soft puffy mound of he sex. Her waist was firm from exercise, her navel a gentle indentation in the smooth , hard body. The way her breasts stood above, denied the fact she had borne a child. The nipples were small and stiff, the areola dark and about the size of a silver dollar. 

Her neck was long, the outline of her throat was a gentle transition from shoulders to face. He dried her long hair with the towel, the picked up a brush.

"Sit on the bed, Tiff. Face to the window." He said simply.

Tiffany did what he asked, and Roger spent the better part of the next hour brushing out the fine, soft hair. It felt so good in his fingers, and he finished by braiding it loosely down her back.

"Where did you learn that?" she asked incredulously.

"My daughter had long blonde hair when she was little." he explained.

The sun had lightened some of her waist length tresses, as a result, the french braid had interwoven light and dark streaks.

"It's beautiful, Rog. Thank you." she kissed him, and wrapped her arms around his still nude body. "What have we got to drink?" she asked.

"Wine, ale, coffee, tea. Take your pick."

"Mmm..A glass of wine would be nice." she purred.

Tiffany started to pick out something to wear, looked at Roger's nude form, and decided she was in the 'appropriate' mode of undress for the evening. She walked into the living room and sat in front of the fireplace on the soft rugs.

Roger had selected a chilled white wine, and joined Tiff on the rug with two glasses. He sat back against the couch and Tiff leaned over to rest her head on his shoulder. Her eyes traveled down the muscular body, still in wonder of the semi-hard flesh between his thighs. 'How does he keep it like that?' she thought as her hand lightly stroked his leg. 

Roger took in the scent of her hair, and the softness of her skin. Her hard body figure stretched out next to his, their legs touching full length. He softly massaged her upper chest with the hand over her shoulder, as they sat quietly watching the fire. Her face turned to say something, and their lips met in a soft, passionate kiss.

The wine had started to warm her insides, but not like the warmth she felt between her thighs. Lifting one leg, her thighs parted and his other hand slipped down her firm belly to caress her swollen mound. He found her to be wet, again. Her nectar was flowing in a gentle stream through her cleft. Roger put his fingers at her entrance and felt her legs separate, allowing him access to the treasure he sought.

Tiff moaned softly, as two thick fingers penetrated her vaginal opening. She set down her wine, and intensified the hot kiss. Her hands pulled Roger's face tightly to her own, and her hips moved up to capture his probing fingers deep inside her.

"Oh, Tiff!" he exclaimed. "You are so hot and wet, down there!"

"Mmuuuhhhh!" she groaned when his fingers curled up to find her "spot". "Feels so good. Ohh yessss. So hot for you!" Her body shook in a small release as he manipulated his fingers gently.

"Can you umm again .so soon?" she stammered.

"If we go slow, I'm sure." He replied.

"Yess, ohgod, yes." She murmured softly. "Let's do it again."

Roger moved the wine bottle and glasses, then rolled Tiffany on to her stomach. He gently lifted her hips, and placed her lithe form in "doggie" position. He knelt behind her soft butt and placed his erection near her slit. Tiff rocked back at the same time she pushed his penis up into her vulva. Her body took in the shaft slowly, savoring the fullness that position allowed. 

When she had impaled herself completely on the eight-inch flesh of her lover, she began to rock on her knees. Roger remained still, to let Tiffany have control of the motion. He could feel the crown of his penis bumping the entrance of her womb with each of her thrusts. He, in turn, reached around her slim waist to find her clitoris with his finger. Each time she moved him in or out, her trigger button was grazed, sending shock waves through her aroused body.

The aroma of sex filled the air around them. They were lost in the lover's dance for what seemed like hours. Gently stroking his throbbing shaft with her tight vagina, the fire in his belly began to rise. Her body had not forgotten the way, with a sense of it's own, it coaxed the release from Roger's loins. She felt the massive organ begin to swell, her own orgasm was fast approaching as well.

"OOOhhhhmigoddd!  I'mmm cummmmmming Roger!! Cummm with meeeee!!" she almost screamed the request.

In answer, Roger growled like an animal as he felt the liquid fire flowing through his body. He pulled Tiffany close to his belly and pushed his expanded penis further into the writhing girl beneath him. Jet after jet of hot semen filled her belly as her own orgasm shook through her body. So intense was the release, they collapsed on the floor in a panting heap. Gasping for breath, Tiffany rolled over on her back with Roger beside her. 

The fire was dwindling in the stone chamber, the candles in the room were growing short as they kissed softly.

"That was wonderful, Roger." She purred. "Thank you."

"You were very good, yourself. Thank you."  He returned.

He got up slowly, and began to move about the room, extinguishing the candles as he went. After the last was out, he stood in the doorway and held out his hand. "I think it's time we found the bedroom, don't you?" he asked.