 It had been almost three months since Matt took my virginity. I didn't see him that often outside of class. He was afraid the administration would discover our little tryst. It would mean an immediate dismissal and black mark on any future positions. What parent would want a man who had sex with young girls teach their daughters? Of course I still teased him a bit. I always wore a short pleaded skirt and no panties. I was sure to sit in front and keep my legs open. I could see the bulge in his pants. The trouble was, so could the other students. All of the girls swore it was them he wanted. All the boys tried to steal back their focus by swearing Matt was gay. I just smiled. 

I hadn't been with anyone else since Matt. When a man makes love to you, it's hard to be turned on my boys. So I just kept to myself making everyone believe I was a prude. If they only knew. Every night I went home, stood in front of the mirror, and began to strip off my clothes. My skin had a slight tan. My hair unbraided cascaded like a cape down to my ass. My breasts were firm with erect nipples from the constant sexual frustration I felt. My hand crawled down my stomach to the fuzz of my pussy. I stroked it for a while awaking the desires spurned throughout the day. I lay on the bed being sure I could still see my pussy in the mirror. I watched as my fingers teased my clitoris. My pussy opened aching for attention. I slid my fingers inside. I was wet and warm. I flicked them back and forth the way Matt had taught me. I was excited even more. My hips bucked and circled uncontrollably. I did it faster. I thought of him, his lips kissing, his teeth biting, his hands clawing at my body. And then I thought of his cock. I missed the way he moved inside me. I imagined it was he inside me not my own fingers. And when I got to the point when I could almost feel his sweat on my skin, my pussy closed and burst with the juices of my orgasm. I lay on the bed sweating, my breath heavy, and my hunger satisfied. I showered to wash away the womanhood I enjoyed and slipped back into the girl my parents assumed I still was. It was the perfect disguise. But secrets sometimes have their own repercussions.

I put on my robe and combed through my hair as I came downstairs to say goodnight to mom and dad. "Oh, Tiffany, I'm glad you're here."

"What's up, Mom?"

"Good news! We have a wedding invitation." She smiled proudly.

"Oh really. Who's getting married?" I was wondering how Mom could be so happy about someone else's wedding. Of course this is the woman who cried when my brother got married.

"Matt!" I froze. "He's finally settling down. Surely he must have mentioned this in class?"

"No, he mentioned the signing of the Declaration of Independence, the battle of Bunker Hill, hell he even told us about the affair Jefferson had with Sally Hemings. Yet he managed to forget his own love life."

"Well this is just wonderful! Too bad in a way. I was hoping he was waiting for you to come of age. But I'm glad he's fallen in love. He's such an introvert."

"Introvert? Mom, that's not a word I would use to describe Matt."

"What are you talking about." I thought it best to shut up. "Do me a favor and find out about this girl. Matt thinks of you as his own little sister. You might be the only one who can get it out of him."

"I'll get it out of him all right." I went upstairs and spent the night tossing and turning. So this is why he hasn't touched me. This is the reason he's been so distant. He takes my virginity and tosses me aside as if I'm nothing. 

I woke up the next morning with the intention of getting his attention. I braided my hair, slipped on a short shirt the showcased my breasts. The skirt I chose was short and tight. By the time I got to Matt's classroom, I had been hit on fifty times. I get propositioned more before nine a.m. than most people do all day. Class ended and I went up to talk to my former lover. "Mr. Yeoman?"

"Yes," then he turned to see me. "Oh, Tiffers, how are you?"

"Don't call me Tiffers after you've fucked me. That's just plain rude."

He grabbed my arm and took me to the side. "Keep your voice down! Do you want everyone to know our secret?"

"You have plenty of secrets, don't you Mr. Yeoman?"

"What are you talking about?"

"We got the invitation."

"Oh," He turned his head away. "I was hoping to talk to you before your family got that. I'm sorry, Tiff."

"Sorry? All right. That's fine. Hey, you fell in love. Great. You met some woman, dated her, fell in love, and proposed all in a matter of three months. So is this a new practice, speed matrimony?"

"I didn't just meet her in the past three months."

"When did you meet her?" This time I turned away.

"Two years ago."

"And you just now started dating." I looked into his eyes. He turned away from me. I could see that was not what he meant. "You were seeing her when you were fucking me?"

"Yes."

"Does she know?"

"No. She doesn't know anything about you other than you're my best friend's baby sister."

"You have a lot of nerve calling me that now."

"Look Tiffany, you wanted it. I gave it to you. I know you loved it. I know you want more. But I love Julia. She's the woman I'm meant to be with."

"You said you loved me."

"I was just caught up in the moment, I guess."

I turned and left his classroom. I waited for him outside after school. I had to know what this Julia looked like. I drove that day so I could follow him. He drove to the next town. I followed him to an apartment complex where a blonde woman met him. She was a bit taller then I. Her hair was shoulder length and wavy. She had a slight build with perky breasts. She was pretty. She looked like some sort of businesswoman. I was overtaken by jealousy. I never wanted to be the other woman but that is what he made me. But I didn't want to be seen just yet. I followed them into one of those stripper bars. So, Blondie had a wild side.

I let them go in first and then I stepped though the door. The doorman accosted me right away. "You're late. That's not a good impression on the first day. But at least you're in costume already. Get that pretty little ass in there."

"Watch your mouth." I didn't know what to do so I played along. "Isn't there a back entrance for the dancers?"

"Sure thing. Just go down this alley and knock on the door three times. The rest of the girls are here. They're expecting you. Watch out for Erica though. You're just her type."

I followed his directions and knocked on the door. A red head answered it. She was wearing a pink and white satin robe. "Hey, the new girl's here. Come on in, honey. We're just getting ready. Your table is in the corner. Sorry it's right by the door. It use to be Jane's. She moved on to bigger and better things, I suppose. Like your costume but it needs a little help. I think the naughty school girl would look a little better with stockings and a garterbelt, don't you?" I didn't know what to do. I just let this woman dress me. There were about eight girls in the room. Most were at least topless, some completely naked. It was easy to pick out who was playing what role. My personal dresser was Alex. She was wearing white and lace lingerie. She was the eager virgin. Erica wore leather and carried a whip. She also grabbed my ass. There were girls for every fetish. There were exotic, whores, farmer's daughters, teachers, secretaries. Every fetish was covered save one. Me. I was the schoolgirl. And from what Jane left on her table, apparently so was she. I don't know how long Matt had been coming here. But tonight he was going to see a performance like no other.

I looked in the mirror before I went out. The girls knew it was my first time and they were all so important. I was missing one piece of my costume though. "Erica?"

"Yes, Alicia?" I had chosen that for my stage name.

"Can I barrow a mask?"

"Anything I have is yours. Here. Use this black one. It gives you a sort of Batgirl look."

"Thanks." I put it on. I was wearing a white shirt, pleated skirt, stockings garter belt, and a thong. I left my hair in braids. I thought it added to the effect. I heard my name called to the stage. It was time to put on a show.

The place was packed. The lights were shining right in my eyes so I could barely see anyone. And as the music began, I realized I forgot to ask how far we were supposed to strip. I decided I didn't care what we were suppose to strip down to. I was taking it all off. The music started. It was "Angel of the centerfold." Perfect. I took a turn around the pole and began to take off my shirt. I caught Matt out of the corner of my eye. He was groping Blondie while he was watching me. I focused my attention on him as I tossed him my skirt. They were both staring at me now. I could see the desire in his eyes as well as hers. I crawled on the runway as I unhooked my bra. Then I lay on my back and took it off. The place was on their feet applauding and I was making quite a bit as they slipped bills in my thong. The music was almost over. I walked to the back of the runway. The spotlight was shining right between my legs. I grabbed the bills and ripped off my thong with one pull of my hand. The audience went wild. Apparently I was not suppose to take it all off. Oh well. 

As I stepped backstage, the rest of the girls were waiting. Erica had this Chesire cat smile. The rest were surprised and a little miffed. "How am I suppose to follow that," said Alex.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I had an old boyfriend to impress."

"Well in that case, good job. I do believe you plan is a success. Could it be the tall blonde at the bar handing Kevin a twenty to find out who you are?" Alex said with a smirk.

"How do you know what Matt's asking?"

"I've worked here for three years. I know. Why don't you go out there and offer a lap dance?"

"We do that here?"

"Alicia, that's where we make most of our money. I've had customers give me a couple hundred for 'inspiration'."

"Can I leave the mask on?"

"Yeah," Erica explained. "It makes you more mysterious."

"Thanks. I'll be back."

I put on my thong and bra. The bouncer gathers the clothes after the performances. My thong was actually velcro so there wasn't any problem. As soon as I stepped out among the audience, I was being offered twenties, fifties, and a few hundreds. I did a few lap dances. And then I reached the table where Matt and Julia were sitting. She was the one who actually stopped me. I didn't say anything. I didn't have to. She gave me a hundred and positioned herself right in front of me. She didn't want the lap dance for Matt. She wanted it for herself. Two girls dancing together caused quite a bit of attention. But I began. I straddled her and began to grind against her. Her hands glided down my waist to my hips. She slipped a bill in my thong. My bra came off. She pulled her dress down to bare her breasts. Before I knew what was happening, her lips touched mine. Our tongues intertwined. Her kiss was passionate and awakened curious desire I didn't now existed. To feel her soft hands touching me, to feel her breasts pressed against mine gave me such a forbidden thrill. When we stopped, I looked around to find everyone looking at us. I simply stood up, put on my bra, and nodded my head as a thank you. I went back in the dressing room to find the real new employee waiting. The owner realized the mix up. He was rather attractive man himself. He had grey and black hair. His face was good looking with some character lines. His body was tall with a bit of muscles. And I can't explain the feeling he gave me. He seemed sort of like a high school principal with an incredible sexual energy. I was sorry I didn't work here. Would like to spend a little more time with that.

"Look honey. I don't know what your motivation for doing this was and really I don't care. I made a lot of money with you dancing and the job is yours if you want it."

"Well Mr..."

"Chandler."

"Mr. Chandler. I'm in high school. I'm eighteen. And I would love to dance every night. I'm free Saturday and Friday nights only."

"That's great. The job's yours."

I walked out of that place with about four hundred dollars. Not bad. But I noticed on one was the name Julia and number. I pulled out my cell and dialed it. "Hello." A woman's voice said."

"Is this Julia?"

"Yes. Is this that dancer from the club?"

"Yes, my name is Alicia. What can I do for you?"

"I'm interested in seeing you."

"I'm free after the show on Friday. But I'll see you and only you." Didn't want to run into Matt just yet.

"I'll be there."

I got home a bit late. Mom was pissed but when I told her I got a job she seemed a bit better. Amazingly enough, she didn't really ask where. She always did trust me a bit too much.

The next day, I dressed down a bit. I wore a pair of shorts and a T-shirt. This time I wrapped my hair in a bun. Caught a bit of attention. The kids had never seen me without my braids. But when I walked into Mr. Yeoman's classroom, he dropped his book when he saw me. Forgot the bra today. Oops. I sat in the back of the classroom. I never noticed but that's where all the guys sat. They were particularly happy to see me. Mark Hudson sat right next to me. He was an attractive boy in my class. He had dark, wavy hair, green eyes, and six feet of sheer muscle. He was really happy to see me. I could tell because he was wearing sweatpants. He apparently forgot his underclothes as well. I propped my feet up on the basket in front of me and began the first stage of my plan.

"What are you doing back here, Tiffany?"

"Let's just say I got tired of Mr. Yo's face."

"Well, I'm glad some girl in this class is. You're looking hot today. Come sit closer to me."

I love it when men make an offer they don't expect a girl to take. "K." I moved my chair closer to his. He slid his fingers down my leg. It sent pulsating chills throughout my body. My back arched a bit.

"Do you two need to get a room or can you wait for the bell?" Mr. Yeoman bellowed.

"Oh, that's okay. You can watch." I snapped. The class gasped. I had never been so blatantly defiant especially to him.

"I want to see you after class, Tiffany."

"Whatever." He just glared at me. I let Mark play his little tease. He lightly stroked the back of my neck. He went on stroking my leg. I just lay back and let the scene play for Matt. He could barely hide his anger. The class ended and I grabbed my books and head for the door. 

"Forgetting something, Tiffany?"

"No, are you?"

"Come here." He locked the door and pulled down the shade. "What in the hell do you think you are doing?"

"None of your goddam business."

"It is when you do it in my classroom."

"Fine, I'll do it out of your classroom. Good day, Mr. Yeoman." He grabbed my arm. He was so close; I could feel his breathing on my face. "Let go of me!"

"That boy is a player. He will use you and toss you aside. I've seen him do it to one girl after the other. They always end up crying in my office."

"A player, huh? Takes one to know one."

"Come on, Tiffany. I care about you. I don't want to see you get hurt."

"Then why did you?"

"You asked me, didn't you?"

"I didn't ask you to lie."

"No, you just asked me to fuck you." 

"Bastard!" I exclaimed as I slapped his face. He let go of my arm for a moment. I headed for the door. He caught me again and kissed me hard on the lips. He backed me up against the desk while reaching his hand inside my shirt. He cupped my breast squeezing my nipples hard. 

"Do you really think Mark is going to know how to please you like this?"

"Please me like what?"

"This." He pulled down my shorts and slid them off me. In one moment his cock was out and plunged inside my pussy. I let out a sigh trying very hard not to make a sound. With mastery only he possessed, he fucked me. His cock pounded against the very bottom of me. His mouth sucked my nipples. His hands groped my body. My hair came undone. He pulled it with each thrust. I wrapped my legs around his waist crossing my feet. I didn't want him to stop. I hated him for what he did to me. But that made my desire all the more intense. The orgasms came one after the other. In a span of just fifteen minutes, he satisfied me. With one deep, hard plunge I could feel him explode inside me. "If you want to be fucked, Tiffany. You come to me. Do you understand?" He said it with the authority of my teacher. "I have class. You better go. I'll write you a note for being late." I didn't occur to me to argue. I was still coming. I took his note and left for calculus. 

I twisted my hair as I walked to class. Just as I was about to pin the bun, someone grabbed my waist and pulled me into the janitor's closet. My back was turned so I didn't know who it was. He was grabbing at my breasts, my ass, everything he could touch. I stepped on his foot and elbowed his face. He let go and stumbled back. "Ouch, why the hell did you do that?" I turned. It was Mark.

"Oh, I just didn't feel like being raped today."

"You didn't mind me touching you in class."

"That doesn't give you a green light to fuck me."

"You're a fucking tease."

"Whatever. Bye Mark. And if you ever touch me again, I'll castrate you."

The rest of the day went by quickly. But it was Friday. I had to get ready for tonight. The teachers had some sort of meeting that night so I knew Matt wasn't going to be at the club. I gathered a costume together and headed for work.

The club was packed. There was a line waiting to get in. The bouncer just looked at me and smiled. "They're here to see you, Alicia."

"Really? Thanks Mike." He was a sweet guy. The girls were telling me about him the last time I was here. They said he saved Alex from being raped. He took a knife wound in the process. He and Mr. Chandler were brothers. And they considered it their highest priority to keep all the girls safe. For that reason, they implemented the following rules. One, no turning tricks. Whores get hurt. And they didn't want that. Two, no boyfriends at the club. Men get jealous and do irrational things. Three, no one walks to their car without a bouncer. They were firm about that. That's the rule that saved Alex. Four, we come to them with any problems. They didn't want us stripping for the wrong reasons. We did it to make money and that better be the only reason. And five, no cat fighting. We got along or we were out.

This night I went a little younger. My hair was braided. But this time I wore a nighty and carried a teddy bear. Again, I was a hit. I made a bit more than I did the last time. And just as I was ready to step into the dressing room, I saw Julia. "It's nice to see your face this time."

"Thank you. I'll be out in a minute." I got changed into a pair of jeans and tank top. I let my braids unravel and stepped outside to see her. "Let's go. I got to get Mike to walk me to my car. It's a rule." We walked to the door. "Hey Mike, can you walk us out of here?"

"Sure thing, sweetie. Who's this?"

"Oh, this is Julia. She's a friend of mine."

"She's pretty too. Did you ever think about dancing, honey?"

"No, I just like to watch." So this is your car, Alicia?"

"Yeah. Thanks Mike. Have a great night." We got into the car and drove to her place.

"This is where I live. Well, for now anyway. I'm getting married soon." She opened the door and we stepped into a beautiful, modern apartment. There weren't a lot of knick-knacks lying about. Everything had a purpose. The colors were white and beige. It wasn't exactly my taste. But it streamed lined her life. "I hate a lot of house work so I keep things simple. I'm in advertising so I don't have much down time."

"No, I like it." We walked into the kitchen where she offered me some wine. "Thank you. I'll have just a sip. Did you say you were getting married?"
