 Day 2 continued or it could be Evening 2 by now. Either way I've had a nap with pretty girl in my arms with a slight worry on my mind about what we'd done earlier in the afternoon. I slowly made my way out of Bunny's arms, trying not to disturb her nap, and made my way to the washroom. Quick hot shower to get me out of chills of the room and an adjustment to the thermostat. I hopped into my clothes and grabbed my wallet, prepped to head out to the pharmacy. Before I left I had to check on the most important part of the room, Bunny. Quietly I walked over and tucked her better into the covers, gave her a peck on the cheek, and made my way out.

Chilly as I was since I'm not used to this weather. The pharmacy wasn't hard to find though and I stepped in and bought about a bunch of after-pills. I say "bunch" because I get the feeling Bunny is going to stop by my room several times in the near future and it'll a good idea to keep them handy. The look the lady gave me was kind of funny. I would've asked her if she was free tonight, but again the princess sleeping in my abode is priority. 

Back at the hotel I decided to stroll around for a bit and bought some strawberry shortcake for Bunny and Tiger. With Bunny in my room I thought it best to check on Tiger since haven't heard or seen her since last night. I stop by her room and knock on the door. No answer. I knock again for the next 5 minutes. Still no answer. With that I went back to my room, hopefully with Bunny still there. I wouldn't want this cake to go to waste.

As I arrived and entered my room and I see Bunny up and all cozy in a bath robe, drinking tea and watching a show. Plopping down on the sofa and raising the dessert in direction I smiled and hope she'd like it. However... she got up and placed the cake on the table, then straddled me. She pulled me in for deep kiss, and into her sexual allure. It just seemed too soon but her kiss gave me all that I needed to get started. 

Quickly and calmly with Bunny still straddling me I loosened my belt and slipped off all the bottom clothing. After I'd done that Bunny reached my shirt and pulled it off of me. I undid her robe and opened it up to take a glance of her beautiful body then started licking her nips. Bunny herself grabbed my shoulders and rubbed along my erection until we were connected again. After she placed me in herself I ceased the licking and went on to look in her eyes while she slow rode me.

My hands on her hips now forcing her harder on my cock every time she came down. I swear, every time she came down on my cock she would voice out a moan that would make my erection harder than it already had been. I'm not sure if she could notice it but she was looking at me with that look in her eyes as if she knew. A sudden shock hit me and I quickly looked over to the table. I thought I'd forgotten to buy the pills earlier today. When I made sure they were on counter I had a great moment of relief. Bunny slowed to a stop to see what I was looking at. She must have figured out what it was as a grin appeared on her face. 

I locked my eyes on her and smiled, then pulled her in by her robe to kiss her while my other hand was moving her hip trying to keep my cock stimulated. Breaking the kiss she started slow riding me again and gripped my shoulders. Her moans started to fill the room again, her juices beginning to soak all around my balls. Life was wonderful... until we were abruptly disturbed with significantly loud knock at the door.

Bunny and I stopped and turned our heads to the door in surprise. With a little bit of irritation on her face she fixed her robe and walked over to the door. She looked through the peephole for moment and to my interest she opened the door and stuck her head out. I got up and grabbed the other bathrobe from the closet and covered myself. I went over to see if everything was alright since Bunny was just there, but couldn't hear any conversation taking place. I was stopped midway when Bunny brought in the stranger at the door. With Tiger lip-locking her.

Surprises just keep coming one after another as I just stood there, with the word "impressed" just written all over my face. What had happened was Bunny lured in the the lovely Tiger, dressed in jeans and a Greek-style modern toga shirt thing, with a kiss and now had her up against the door. Soon enough as the two ladies stopped kissing and turned their attention towards me. Bunny, looking at me with a little grin and Tiger, a little red. She's embarrassed about something and it could be that Bunny and I were in our bathrobes. 

Bunny breaks the silence, sort of, by grabbing Tiger's hand and kissing me. At this point I figured what was happening now and my instincts and hormones pushed for action. I stopped kissing Bunny and turned my attention to Tiger. Pulling her close I undid her belt while Bunny slipped her hands underneath the shirt to massage Tiger's breasts while kissing her neck. With my help Tiger was free of her jeans as it dropped to her ankles. I looked in her eyes and kissed her deeply, my tongue meeting hers. Bunny reaching deep into Tiger's panties with her fingers rubbing around the edge of the labia.

Bunny's fingers are making Tiger moan into my mouth. I wanted her now, but I also kept in mind Bunny's feelings. Breaking the kiss from Tiger I removed my robe and took both of them by their hand to the bed. All three of us on the bed I maneuvered the now naked Bunny onto my cock to finish off what we started earlier. As with Tiger I moved her around until she was facing the headboard with my lips just inches away from her special set of lips. A warm slippery feeling enveloped my member; I was inside Bunny again. I savored that feeling for a second or two, then I focused my attention, and my tongue, and started licking away at Tiger's cunt.

Tiger almost lost her balance and had to hold on to the headboard while I did whatever I could to keep her pleasured. My tongue rimming around and entering as deeply as I could push into her cunt, lapping up her juices like a thirsty dog. I must have been doing something right because she started to move her hips in tandem with my tongue. Down south where the Bunny rides, I could feel her shaking; her orgasm running down my cock and coating my balls. As if instinctively I moved Tiger off of my face to the side. With Bunny still shaking I brought her in for a kiss, held her tight, and fucked her while she was still in her orgasmic state. Bunny was in tension from my thrusts and now gasping for air. I'm sure she came two more times before her body became limp and relaxed.

Seeing that Bunny was satisfied I went on to focus my full attention towards Tiger. Bunny slid off me and rested to the side. Tiger was nervous but eager, on her back and legs spread waiting for me to make my move. Of course I accepted the invitation and positioned myself. But first I kissed navel, moving on over to give her nips a second long suckle, then finally my lips meeting hers. While she returned my kiss I rubbed my cock around her cunt until I finally entered her pleasurable embrace. My elbows gripped onto the bed, my hands firmly on her shoulder from underneath, and I was off into the moment of eroticism where Tiger resided.

Slow momentum at first Tiger let out a soft moan for each thrust. My kisses softly ravaged her neck and lips, her eyes following mine once in a while. A couple minutes later her legs wrapped around me pulling her hips and I closer placing more feeling in each sexual contact. Her hands running through my hair and hugging onto my neck she meets hastens up her hip movement. I took that as a signal and went on to fucking her with each thrust becoming faster and harder. Tiger released her hold on me and softly clawed at sheets while I took my hands off her shoulders and placed myself up into a missionary position. With this I could see the entirety of Tiger's body and it aroused me a little more.

Suddenly from the side Bunny came around from her rest and moved in on Tiger. It seemed like teamwork where I was busy pounding away at heaven and Bunny was kissing and playing at her breasts. It may have been too much for Tiger as I felt her cunt tighten up and convulse (if that is the word)drowning my cock in love juice all over again. A sudden urge hit me and I changed my pace to a slow, but very hard pace. On elaboration, every time I reared my thrust I would pull out just enough so that my knob (refered to as the head of the cock from time to time) would still remain inside of Tiger, wiggle it a few times as if feinting to slam back into her, and then after the feint the actual slamming thrust into her. It was a new sensation to her and she came hard again after almost each thrust until finally it was my time. On my final thrust I went in as deep as I could and ejaculated deep inside her not moving out a single centimeter until I unloaded all of my satisfaction deep into her cunt.

Tiger lay limp and exhausted still voicing out cute little moans. As I pulled out Bunny came around and started licking on Tiger's cunt from the side. I could see her lapping up the cum that I ejaculated into Tiger. With that sight I became a little more energetic again and moved around a bit with an idea in mind. I moved Bunny over Tiger's face as if in a 69 position and let them play around a bit. Tiger was up and returning the favor, thrusting her tongue into the cunt in front of her. 

I positioned myself to enter Tiger again and Bunny noticed. She lifted her head up and sucked on me for a moment, then I went and jammed my cock into Tiger's cunt. Tiger came immediately, but from what I saw she didn't stop eating out on Bunny. Right off the start I fucked in a steady manner, not too slow, not too fast. Bunny and Tiger had their own little battle going on; Tiger holding Bunny down to her face while she pleasured and moaned into her cunt, and Bunny herself fighting to reach and kiss me. Even though we were in an atmosphere of pleasure Bunny and I thought it was a little cute and funny what she and Tiger were doing.

Bunny gave up on trying to kiss me and instead went down to the slippery meeting place of cock and cunt. When she did I pulled out and let her play around with my member before slipping it back into Tiger. This went on for a few minutes, thrusting a few times then pulling out to be sucked off. It was a new feel, but a good feel nonetheless as Bunny was still getting tongued. But in the final moment when I returned to thrusting Bunny had me slow down. She went down and licked away at Tiger's clit and the shaft of my cock while I was still fucking away. Tiger let out a sound that was cute and surprising. Not before long, with my slow thrusts and Bunny's stimulation, Tiger came and with it a moan that almost sounded like a scream.

Tiger went limp again with a series of short whimpers. Bunny was now free and came up to kiss me in which I came to meet her for the same thing. It seemed like a passionate kiss and it had me yearning for her again. I lay next to Tiger and pulled Bunny on top of me. She grabbed my cock and settled herself upon it going on to ride me with her eyes looking into mine. A slight shiver ran down my spine when our eyes met and instantly I reached for her breasts. I gave her nipples a soft, playful press with my thumbs, rubbing them around from time to time. 

Bunny moved my hands away and came down to be close with me. Our bodies caressed each other in cold sweat and our lower areas soaked in liquid pleasure. I turned my head to the right to check on Tiger. She was conscious and, just as with Bunny, stared into my eyes and sent the same feeling down my spine. Placing my arm underneath her neck I gently pulled Tiger close and kissed her deeply for a moment. Bunny noticed and turned her head to show a smile, to which Tiger pulled her close and gave her a series of deep and light kisses. With Bunny occupied I grabbed her ass with my free hand and moved her faster on me while I lifted my hips and thrust in her deeply.

A slight gasp hit Bunny but Tiger carried on with the kisses. I could feel Bunny tighten around my cock. I'm sure she was close to orgasm and I wanted to cum when she did. I hurried with my hip thrusts and I could feel it coming. Bunny followed suit and began to move her hips faster as well. In an instant and almost in unison Bunny and I reached the climax. I pushed down on Bunny's hips and cunt hard on my cock and ejaculated into her while Bunny was shaking violently from her orgasms. As my balls drained out into her I still pumped in and out of her cunt savoring the feeling of our connection. She was exhausted and finally placed her head on my chest while I did so until she was finally calm and still. 

I left my cock inside Bunny until it calmed down and became flaccid, slipping out of her sweet spot. Looking over to Tiger she smiled, kissed me, and fell asleep on my arm. Bunny was asleep as well on my chest and I didn't mind at all. In fact I enjoyed having these beauties rest on me. It was the least I could do for giving me one of the most intriguing and interesting times of my life. I kissed both of them on their heads and fell asleep along with them. 

I hope the cake lasts...