 "Hello, my love! How are you? Almost here?" Sandra's voice was a bit strained, eager to hear the answer and wanting to express how much she had missed her husband these last two weeks. 

"Baby, so good to hear your voice, I'll be home in.....two hours, sweetie." She knew he had glanced at his watch and was looking back at the road. 

"Can you hang on 'til then?"  Amusement was in his tone now, and he had that familiar grin on his face, she was sure of it. 

"I guess I'll have to bear it, and it'll give me time to warm up for you," she said teasingly, knowing that he was looking forward to their night together as much as she was. 

"Two hours, and then you'll forget I was ever gone," he boasted, his voice rich with promise and anticipation. 

"As long as it's the last time, I'll forget anyway," she teased back, thinking of how proud she was of Tim. He had spent the last two weeks writing examinations for his Doctorate in Natural Medicine, in Philadelphia. 

It was the first time they had been separated for this long since they were married four years ago, and they were both feeling the strain. It wasn't just that they had missed each other, but that the trip had interrupted a new aspect of their relationship that they were just beginning to explore, and it was worse than when their honeymoon in Switzerland had ended, having to get back to their busy lives at home.  Expanding their horizons sexually was almost like another honeymoon, Sandra had often thought, fitting it in when they could. 

Hanging up the phone with kisses, she jumped up from the bed and dove into the shower.  It had become a ritual, both calming and deeply exciting, preparing her body for him. She began by using an exfoliating scrub, shaving carefully, and going through her normal cleansing ritual twice, taking her time to lather up her favourite scented soap and deep-condition her hair.  Running her hands over her body, she sighed deeply, and while still under the streaming water, she picked up her favourite toy, a small ridged dildo that was wonderful for giving herself deep and intense orgasms and that doubled as a plug. Coating it liberally with water-based lubrication, she held it poised at the entrance to her puckered bud and slid it in slowly, standing with her leg on the side of the tub and letting the warm water continue to jet out over the front of her body. Eyes closed, she sighed with pleasure when it was all the way in, the base keeping it effectively in place as she stood again. She grasped her nipples tightly between her thumbs and forefingers, feeling the anticipation as she squeezed them a few times, then gave herself a final rinse as she stepped out of the shower. 

Oiling herself with a light blend of ylang-ylang and hibiscus, further sensitizing her skin, she smiled as she looked at herself in the mirror.  She was pretty happy with what she saw there, and Tim was more than happy with her, she knew.  Shoulder-length dark blonde hair with golden highlights, great skin, C-cup breasts that weren't sagging but swayed nicely, small pink nipples that turned almost bright red when aroused and stimulated, a waist that curved in sharply underneath her ribs and flared out with her ample hips, and a heart-shaped derriere that she swore her husband had a fixation with at times. She shaved herself completely bare for their play, so there was nothing in the way of his sometimes gentle and sometimes rough and demanding touches.  She shivered at that thought, running her hands over her long curvaceous legs and feeling her temperature rise. Enough of that, she told herself sternly, wait until he's here, only another hour or so.  Sighing with anticipation, she slipped on a housecoat and went to the kitchen, making herself a tea while she waited. 

When the doorbell rang, Sandra jumped up eagerly, then frowned, not expecting anyone other than Tim, who would have let himself in. She walked quietly to the door, looking out through the side panel window, and saw her husband, holding a huge heavy package that he was having a hard time with, a wide grin on his face, his eyes lighting up at the sight of her.  

"Tim!" Having thrown open the door, she could only help him keep his balance as he half-staggered inside and with a groan, deposited his heavy load onto the hallway table.  

"Ah, finally." He pulled her forcefully into his arms, kissing her deeply, running his hands over her back and buttocks as he pressed them together.  Sandra kissed him back hungrily, happiness coursing through her veins, and when they pulled apart again, she laughed breathlessly. 

"Guess who's happy to see me, " she purred at him, letting her hand cup his groin, squeezing him lightly. She laughed again, looking at the package, curiosity obvious in her expression. Knowing him, it was something unusual as well as something useful. 

"Ah, my dear, you'll have to wait, but I'll give you a hint: 'All the better to see you with, my precious...'." He growled the last at her, pretending to bite her neck, making her laugh as his warm mouth made shivers of longing run down her spine. Hugging him again, tightly, she held on for a moment, happy just to be touching him. 

"Come on, have some tea with me, distract me from the irresistable urge to rip it open already." She smiled and took his coat, hanging it up in the hallway closet as he went inside.  He caught her to him as she went into the kitchen. Kissing him eagerly, she gave herself up to their obvious need for each other, his hands pressing her against him, seeking out the slight protrusion between her buttocks and pressing against it lightly as he groaned deeply in his throat.  Feeling his erection against her, she broke off their kiss.  

"On second thought, let's go take care of this," Sandra whispered, extracting herself from his arms and leading them to the back of the house. He grinned and gave her a gentle push.

"Go," he said, winking at her. "I'll be right there, get naked and under the covers for me."  

A few minutes later, having fluffed up the bed and waiting with a great sense of anticipation as she listened to him rummaging in the hallway and washing up in the bathroom, Sandra smiled as she saw Tim come in, naked and carrying his contraption, still covered by a dark cloth.  He grinned as he saw her slightly flushed face, set it down on the table at the foot of their bed, and removed the cloth with a flourish. 

Sandra's eyes grew huge, as she saw the state-of-the-art video and audio equipment, having expected another type of toy, perhaps the swing that they had been talking about. Tim stood back, grinning, taking out a small box of wiring and accessories and proceeding to connect them. 

"Tonight, we will make history, my darling," he said with an all-important voice, beaming. "For ourselves, anyway. You're going to love this, I'll explain it all later, love." 

Sandra sat up, watching how he enthusiastically set the equipment up, not wanting to say anything but feeling a little anxious, waiting until he was finished. His body was glistening with a fine sheen of moisture, lean and muscular and lithe as he busied himself, and his enthusiasm was endearing. 

Finally, he was satisfied. The camera was mounted on top of a bookshelf high above them, everything was lit up, the speakers connected, and the remote control was in Tim's hand as he slid himself beside his wife, reaching for her. Wrapping his arms around her, he kissed her hungrily, pulling her body in to fit snugly against his as they lay on their sides. 

"I've been looking forward to this for days, sweetie." 

"And what exactly is 'this' then? Who are we putting on a show for?" Sandra asked coyly as she wrapped her leg around his, her hand squeezing his buttock and caressing him under the covers. 

"Not for anyone, dear, this is just for us, " he chuckled, seeing that she was a little unsettled by it. "The swing was sold out, so I had to settle for this," he joked, his eyes twinkling. 

"Mind reader!" Sandra laughed, blushing a little. 

Placing the remote on the headboard, Tim set about seriously distracting his lovely wife. He kissed her deeply and thoroughly, until she sighed and clung to him, her arms around his neck as he ravaged her mouth and neck. She was trembling when he stopped and looked down at her, her brilliant blue eyes heavily-lidded and her mouth pliant and moist, bright red from his kisses. He licked her lips, pressing his growing erection against her soft mound and slipping his hand behind her buttocks, finding the plug again and giving it a gentle push. 

"Lassy of mine, are you ready to submit to your Master?" He asked huskily. 

"Ooohhhh....." Sandra moaned and pushed her hips against him involuntarily, closing her eyes as her body responded to his voice and her mind to his request. 

"Oh, Tim, I missed you so much," she said softly, her eyes filling.  He smiled gently, reaching down to seize a nipple between his teeth, tugging lightly and nibbling before taking it deeply into his mouth.  Her entire body tensed against him again, and she held his head tightly against him as the sensations coursed through her. When he raised his head she was smiling, inviting him to continue. 

Reaching above him, Tim palmed the remote and pressed a few buttons, and light flared more brightly from above, illuminating them.  A slight whirring sound alerted them to the video camera starting, and music filled the room immediately after, sultry blues playing softly in the background. 

"Wow," Sandra said, then giggled at herself. Tim lifted the covers off of them, tucking it firmly down at the bottom of the bed, exposing them and creating a backdrop with their light beige satin sheets for the filming of their lovemaking. 

"Up here now, love." Tim said in a more commanding voice, patting the headboard. She knew that he wanted her to place her hands on the headboard, kneeling, lifting her hips and spreading her knees so that he had full view of her buttocks and the back of her thighs. They had experimented with a bit of spanking and paddling, somewhat more aggressive sex, and were beginning to become more familiar with their roles as Dominant and submissive. 

As she got into the position, he reached into a dresser drawer, taking out a few wrist-bands and a small switch, then nipple clamps and a vibrator, and laid them all out beside her. Seeing them, her breathing escalated, and she waited patiently as he wrapped her wrists and moved her back so that she was stretched out more fully, her weight on her knees and her arms. Running his hands over her buttocks, caressing them firmly, he picked up the switch and stood beside the bed. 

"Cry out if you need to, but stay in position, my sweet," he said, and she nodded, bracing herself for his strokes. 

He let the switch trail over her lightly at first, touching the insides of her thighs and tapping them to indicate that she spread herself out even further for him.  She arched her back as she presented him with her beautiful pussy, moisture glistening between her lips, the plug clenched snugly within herself, her buttocks taut and round. He felt his mouth water at the sight of her, and let the switch snap against her on its first stroke, hitting her squarely on both cheeks.  The sting was only slight, he knew, and it was mostly the idea of it that had his wife gasping.  He quickened the blows, light and firm but stinging, covering her cheeks with a dozen swats, until he heard her moan. 

He stopped then, breathing heavily, not from exertion but from sheer anticipation and arousal, and picked up the nipple clamps. Sandra was breathing erratically, her breasts hanging down beautifully, her nipples extended, eyes closed to brace herself for each stinging blow. She waited as he reached under her and fastened a clamp securely on each nipple, tightening it until she gasped, opening her eyes to look up at him. He thought he would never forget the look on his wife's face then, the longing and total submission that he saw in her eyes, her sultry passion-filled expression.

Tim stepped behind her again, opened another drawer and removed a flogger, hidden completely from her view. He stroked it softly, feeling it slide smoothly between his fingers, about 20 strands tickling his palm. 

"Close your eyes, lassy, and only speak if you can't wait another minute to feel me inside of you." 

Lifting the flogger above her, he let it fall between her shoulder blades, not hard but firmly making contact, and slid it down her back, over her buttocks. He heard her gasp of surprise, and smiled to himself. She would not open her eyes or say anything, even if she was in pain. She had been instructed countless times before that once the session had begun, she could only speak to beg him to fuck her, and he was counting on making this their most memorable time yet.  

Bracing himself now, he lifted the flogger and let it fall repeatedly, first on her shoulders, then moving predictably down her back. When he reached her lower back, she was gasping audibly with every stroke, her arms and shoulders tensed and her back arched. The moisture between her folds had increased considerably, he saw, and he almost could not prevent himself from leaning forward to catch the drop of her juices that threatened to drip down from her lips.  He changed tactics then, to distract himself, and let a few blows fall randomly on her back and buttocks and thighs, watching her twitch as the flogger hit the plug buried deeply within her. 

She moaned, as he knew she would. The drop of moisture had trickled down her left thigh, and more was welling from her swollen inner lips. He knew that if he plunged deeply inside of her now, it would be heaven, but he wanted more from her.  He wanted her begging, her entire body straining and focused on her pussy and her own need. And he wanted her to respond to him, to cum when he commanded her to, something that they had begun to work on before his trip. 

Stopping and taking a few deep quiet breaths, Tim glanced at the camera lens, got up from the bed, and continued. He rained heavier blows on Sandra's back and buttocks, then on the back of her thighs, making her quiver and jump as her body reacted in surprise. He trailed the flogger gently over her in between blows, then snapped it underneath her, and she squealed. He repetitively flogged under her body, the strands almost getting caught on her nipple clamps, until her chest was heaving, her breath coming quickly. Her nipples were becoming dark red, her face and neck were flushed, and she was pushing her hips back, completely open and straining to be filled, he thought.  He wondered for a moment why she wasn't begging for his cock, as she usually did by now, and realizing that it was the camera, he smiled grimly to himself.  

"Sandra." He spoke quietly, waiting for her to realize that he had stopped. 

"Yes, Master," she whispered, almost in a trance, poised and ready, still not opening her eyes. 

"Open your eyes, sweetie."

"No, I can't," she said then, her face flushing deeply. 

He lifted her chin with his hand, smiling, and repeated the command. 

"Open your eyes. Now."

She opened them, and her desire-filled eyes were slightly clouded with embarrassment. 

"Smile for the camera, sweetie," he said smugly, and she blanched visibly. 

He laughed and turned to the lens, his erection in his hand, the precum on his glans visible in the bright light. 

"Darling, lick your Master clean," he said huskily, in a low voice. He knew that she would not want to refuse him, and that she would forget about the camera and be as comfortable as he was. 

Things were progressing differently for Sandra than she had expected, but seeing Tim's straining erection before her, his arousal and desire more than obvious, his command to take him into her mouth exactly what she had been fantasizing about moments before, she more than happily complied. As he moved closer to her, she reached over and took him into her mouth, licking the head slowly and luxuriously, tasting the silky liquid and swallowing him in his entirety, moaning as he pushed himself deeply into her throat.  Setting a slow and steady rhythm, he closed his eyes, his face a picture of rapture as she repeatedly caressed him with her wet and warm lips and tongue. She looked up at him as she took him in more deeply, seeing his pleasure, and moaned again, her body rocking to their rhythm, needing him inside of her but unwilling to say so as he came close to his release. 

Opening his eyes, Tim saw that she was soothed and eager for him, and gently stopped their movements. He smiled down at her, placed her hand back on the headboard, and as her eyes followed his glistening cock, her mouth obviously still watering, he reached under her to hold her nipple between his fingers. 

"Close your eyes, honey." She closed them, sighing deeply, and stifled a moan as he squeezed the nipple, flicking his finger over the extended bud. 

"I am going to enter you now, and thoroughly fuck you, darling. Pay no mind to the camera, it's for our eyes only. What I want you to do is to wait until I tell you to cum, not before.  Wait until I give you the word, even if you have to hold yourself on the verge of cumming,  and if you feel like you can't hold back, ask me to cum. Can you do that for me, love?"

"Yes, Master," she breathed, trembling as he released her nipple and let it fall, the gentle bite of the clamp replacing the warmth of his fingers. 

He moved behind her then and filled her completely in one smooth stroke, holding himself still within her because he was so close to cumming. Gritting his teeth, concentrating on her, he began to move, feeling the walls of her drenched and swollen pussy gripping him with velvet strength, caressing him firmly and drawing him in. Holding her hips, he pushed himself in deeper, holding himself there, moving only a few inches in and out, slowly and deliberately, until she began to whimper. He knew that he was stroking within her with maximum sensation, and with the plug in her and the session being a surprise, she was very close. He reached down to turn the plug in her, and she moaned loudly, tensing herself,  beginning to pant as he continued to thrust. He held her with one hand and moved the plug slightly in and out with the other, and was rewarded with her beginning to wail softly, mewling with each thrust. She was lightly sweating now, small drops glistening on her creamy skin, and he thought she had never looked lovelier. She was pushing against him, urging him on, and he began to withdraw further and slam into her dripping pussy harder, his balls tightening under him as he felt his own impending release approach. 

"Oooohhhh, please!" Sandra suddenly cried out, her body poised and still and quivering, obviously on the verge of release. He wanted to make her wait but found himself unable to hold back, holding on long enough to utter a hoarse command.....

"Cum for me, baby!" He plunged into her, lost in the sensation of a blindingly intense orgasm, his body a bow of exquisite pleasure, releasing his essence into her as he felt her orgasm overcome her and her pussy clenching him tightly, repeatedly, hearing her crying out as if from a distance as he bent over her to hold her as they shook together. 

Minutes later, still breathing heavily, he withdrew himself slowly from her, leaving the plug in place, and lifted her away from the headboard, pulling her into his arms.  She was breathing shallowly, her eyes still closed, her face a picture of bliss and peaceful calm. Smiling, he kissed her lips gently, fitting their bodies together and laying them down. 

"Mmmmm," was the first sound she made, and opening her eyes, she smiled slowly, returning the warm pressure of his embrace. Tim laughed, hugging her to him tightly, kissing her deeply. 
