 I was setting at the bar of my favorite hangout just drinking a beer and looking at the mirror behind the bar. I just happened to look it the door in the mirror when the most beautiful girl I had every seen come though the door. 

She seemed a little nervous and looked all around the place. I could tell she wasn't looking for any one particularly but just looking the place over. 

Even though she had on a pair of faded tight jeans with a cowboy shirt that had pearl looking snap button down the front and on the two pockets I know she was use to wearing finer cloths that jeans. These looked like they and be faded on purpose. 

The shirt was as tight as her jeans and there was gap between each snap that showed skin. The space between the top two buttons was so wide that I could see her cleavage and part of her round and slightly over size tits. You sure as hell couldn't have put anything in the shirt pockets, Her breasts had them pushed out so far. 

I wandered why she headed straight toward me when I realized the tool beside me was the only empty stool or chair in the place. 

I took a swig of beer just as she got to the stool and asked, "anyone setting here?" I said, "No honey I've been saving it just for you", and leaned over so she could get on the stool. 

She smiled at me and said, "Thanks for saving me a stool cowboy", as straddled the stool. 

I said, "I know a beautiful lady like you is use to something better than beer but I would consider it a honor if you would let me buy you a beer." 

She looked me in the face and smile, "Why think you, that would be nice of you cowboy." 

I said, "you look like a Bud lite woman, you sure couldn't drink regular beer and fit in those jeans." 

She said, "a Bud lite would be fine."

I yelled at Joe the bartender to bring the lady a Bud lite. Joe brought the beer but no glass. I said, "I know you don't see high class ladies like this in this dump but this lady don't drinks from a bottle bring her a glass."

She tuned the bottle up when the beer was hitting the bottom of the glass and making lots of foam. I took the bottle and the glass from her and said, "I knew you don't drink beer", and pour the beer down the side of the glass so it wouldn't foam.

I said, "See, If you tilt the glass a little and pour down the side it won't make a lot of foam. You don't like lots of foam do you?" 

She just smiled and took a couple of gulps from the glass and then made a face that told me she didn't dring beer at home and hadn't developed a taste for it. 

I said, "It don't have the taste of fine wine but it give you the same effect." 

She asked, "What affects do you mean."

I said, "Loosens you up, lets the true you come out, your feeling and desire come out." She drank the rest of that glass and poured the rest of the bottle in the glass like I had showed her. 

As we both continued to drink our beers she said, "You think you know a lot about women don't you?" 

"I sort of have a hobby of figuring out people and I'm very seldom wrong", I replied, and finished off my beer. She finished off hers too and I ordered another round. 

We were drinking our third beer when she said, "Tell me what you think about me." 

I said, "Let's dance and I'll tell you while wer're dancing."

As we were going to the dance floor she said, "You don't look like the dancing type." I grinned and said, "I am if those are steel toed booth you have on." 

We both laughed as I put my arm behind her and pulled her close. We two stepped all round the floor and I though in a couple of fancy steps. 

We were both feeling good after having three or four beers and after I had twirled her and pulled her hard nipples against my body. She said, "Now tell me who and what I am."

I said, "You come from a rich family and married a man with lots of money and live in a big house. Really more of and estate with servants. Your husband isn't talking care of you in bed and you have been planing for a long time to come down and see why us plain folks seem to have so much fun on Saturday night." 

She didn't answer and the band stopped playing and we went back to the bar and had a couple more beers. We both went to the restroom and by the time we go back the band was playing again. We when back to the dance floor and I held her even closer than the last time. 

I asked, "Am I close?" She said, "I don't see how we could be any closer." I laughed and said, "How close was I about you?" 

She just said, "You are a pretty good judge of women." 

I let my hand slip down on her firm round ass and rubbed her pubic area against my thigh and said, "And I will tell you something else. There is a hot wet pussy inside those tight jeans that wants a hard dick in it." 

She just smiled and said, "You're close but instead of a wet pussy down there, there's a hot hungry tiger that bits off hard dick that tries to go in it's mouth." 

I smiled and said, "I'm willing to bet that tiger wouldn't bit my dick if I put it in its warm wet mouth." 

She surprised me when she asked, "Where can we go to find out?" 

I smiled and said, "Joe has rooms back at the back that he rent by the hour." 

She said, "That don't seem to appealing to use a room that you know someone else has just got though fucking in. The bed would probably still be warm and covered with cum and pussy juices. I saw a pretty nice motel down the street. If they have a room I spring for a nicer clean room."

I said, "Honey you don't have to worried about that, I'd buy the hole damm motel just to get inside those jeans. You want another beer before we find out if that tiger bits or not?"

She smiled up at me and said slurred voice, "I don't think so, you might have to let me lean on you to get out of here." 

We left and when down the street. As we were staggering more than waking I said, "I need a name to call you even if it phony, I can't keep calling you rich lady." 

She said, "just call me Anne and I'll call you John and I hope you are a Big John", and laughed.

I check in to the motel under a phoney name.

The clerk asked,"You going us that room all night?" I smiled at Anne and said, "If I have my way we will." 

When we got to the room Anne just looked around for a few second and then she flopped on the bed, "Dam that beer get to you faster than wine."

I got on top of her and kissed her deep and wet and one by one unsnapped the pearl looking button. Anne put her arms around me and kissed me back as I kneaded her firm but soft breasts. Her nipple was already long and hard as I tweaked them between my fingers. 

I moved down and sucked her round but firm breast and then latched on to her long pink nipple and sucked it and circled it with my tongue.

Anne said, "A tit man hun? I just love to have my tits sucked, make that tiger want to jump out of my jeans." 

Anne hunched her pussy against my hard dick, which was still inside my jeans. 

I finally got off of her and set her up and took her shirt off. Anne laid back and I pulled her boots of and then worked her tight jeans passed her hips and down her legs. She raised her ass and I slipped her black lace panties under her ass and down her legs.

I cupped her hot wet pussy and ran a finger in her hole, "See, that tiger didn't bit my finger", and laughed. Anne said, "It's waiting for a bigger piece of meat", and smiled back. 

The smile left her face when I flicked her clit with my stiff tongue. Anne gasped loudly and arched her back and her hands went to the back of my head. 

Her little pink bud protruded enough I could get my lips around it and suck it.

Anne screamed, "OH MY GOD, most men don't even know where a girls clit is, but you went right to it. OH god yes you've got it, that it, suck it, oh god suck my clit."

I really didn't have much choice, she had my face buried between her soft full lip and was pressing my lip against her clit hard. 

She had her feet on the bed and hunched her pussy up and down my face screaming, huffing and gasping for air. She was filling my nose with her woman juices as she bucked so hard my nose was going in her very wet pussy and I was having trouble breath.

She quit moving and gasp, "Dam cowboy, you sure know how to get a girl off fast. That will sober a Cowgirl up in a hurry. It was so good but it isn't my favorite way to get off. I prefer a long hard dick in my pussy when I cum." 

I stood up and started taking my shirt off when she sat up and she said, "Oh no, I get to under dress you." 

Anne staggered to her feet and I took her place on the bed. She pulled my boots off and had to yank really hard to get my jeans off, even though I raised my ass to help her. 

She unsnapped my boxer and my hard dick sprung free. Anne said, "Hum, what a nice one", and she took my cock in her hand. "I just knew you would have a BIG JOHN that like to explore caves", as she licked and sucked the head of my dick and squeezed my shaft. 

I gasped loudly as Anne kept sucking me and circling my head with her tongue, then she deep throated me. I gasped loudly and said, "Oh my god Anne, you're going to get me off before I can feed that tiger."

She said, "I would want that to happen as she pulled my boxers off and crawled on top of me. She kissed me deep as she guided my hard dick in her wet hot hole, "Oh god that feels so good. You're so big I almost virgin again", she said as she took more and more of my cock inside her. 

"Oh god yes", she gasped and she raised and lowered her ass slowly on my hard cock. Her pussy as tight but she was so wet I slipped in and out of her pussy each. 

Anne gasped, "I haven't had one that big inside me since I was in college", as she road my dick hard and faster and move her pussy forward on the down stroke to stimulate her clit. "Oh god I'm gone to cum. I thought I was to drunk to cum again that fast. "Oh yes, Oh yes, Oh yes, god it fell so good to cum, Old god yes, Oh god yes", she gasped. 

I don't know how I kept from cumming except I had had about three more beers than she had. God her pussy was tight, wet and hot and milked my dick unmercifully. Her husband must not have a big dick as tight as her pussy was around my cock. 

Anne finally slowed down and took my cock in and out slow and deep. I asked, "How about a little dogie now?" Anne said, "Sounds good to me", and crawled off of me and got on her hands and knees and said, "Ram that big cock in this little heifer." 

I got behind her and pulled the cheek of her ass apart. God her lips were so full and wet from her on juice. I guided my cock inside her slick hot hole and took her hips in my hands. I ran my cock in her slow and deep for several minutes and she gasped each time I hunched her. 

I took her tits in my hands and kneaded them and pinched her nipples hard as I rammed my cock in and out of her hot pussy like a jackhammer. 

Anne gasped, "I want to cum again so bad but I can't.

I rolled her over on her back and put her legs over my shoulders. I guided my dick in her again and came down in her hard and fast. I had he knees spread so wide that my cock head was banging her cervix each time I came down deep inside her. 

Anne didn't scream this time but I knew she was cumming again when she started hunching me back and gasping, "Oh shit, Oh shit yes". 

I gasped, "Time to give the tiger cub some cream", as I shot massive stream of cum deep inside her hot wet pussy. "OH, OH, God yes, give my little tiger lots of hot cream", she gasped as she hunched her pussy up to me. 

I shot my last blast deep inside her and waited for her to finish her orgasm but she kept fucking my cock like there was no tomorrow. The next think I knew she had me on my back without my dick even falling out of her hot wet pussy and kept running the full length of you cock in and out. Dam, she was having either one long orgasm or several satisfying ones. 

Even though her tits were firm and round they were flopping up in down in front of my face. I grabbed them and pinched her nipples hard, which made her fuck my dick just that much harder and faster. 

Even though my dick felt so good inside her hot wet tight pussy I know it wouldn't be long before I started gone soft. I just hoped she finished before my cock fell out of her pussy. 

Anne collapsed on top of me and put her arms around my neck with my soft cock still inside her, "Oh God that was so good. I've never had a man to get me off twice or is that the third time in one night. Hell I don't know, who give a shit just as long as the fucking is good", she gasped as she tried to catch her breath. 

I was still kneaded her breasts softy when I replied, "All my pleasure tiger lady. I'm just sorry I went soft." Anne snickered and said, "Even soft, you are bigger than my husband's little peanut size dick. My tiger must have like you, he didn't bit you dick did he"? 

I smiled back at her and said, "He didn't bit but he sure squeezed my meat tight and slobbered all over it." Anne said, "I told you that it has been a long time since he's had meat that big in his little mouth." 

Anne rolled off of me and asked what time it was. I look at my watch as said "Almost two thirty. Do you have to be home at any certain time?" 

Anne said, "I should be home before the maid get there. I messed up my bed before I left like I had sleep in it just incase I didn't. We have plenty of time to let you feed the tiger again." 

I said, "It will be a while before I can feed your tiger again, why don't we go get something to eat?"

Anne took my cum covered dick in her hand and played with it as she said, "Naw , food might sober me up and I feel so damm good right now. I need to go pee and get your cum out of my pussy. When I get back I'll get your meat ready for my tiger again. I'm and expert at getting a man hard again." 

I relieved my self after she did and we both crawled back in to bed. She rolled over with her tits on my chest and her face over mine with a pleasant smile on her face, "I might forget to tell you later so I just do it now. I want you to know that you have fulfilled all this cow girls dreams. I'll probably never get the change to wear these tight fitting jeans again but I'll always remember the wonderful time we had at the bar dancing and drinking beer and the wonderful way you feed my tiger in this room."

I kneaded the side of her soft breasts and ran my thumbs around her nipples as I replied, "If Conway Twitty hadn't already written the song Tight Fitting Jeans I would swear he had followed us around tonight and written the song about us and this night. God, you are some find lady to be in bed." 

Anne smiled and moved the full length of her body over mine and moved her public hair over my limp dick and said, "This night isn't over yet." 

She smiled and then slid down without her eyes ever leaving mine and took my dick in her mouth, just sucking and circling my head with her tongue. I gasped as she sucked me harder and took more of my dick in her mouth. It wasn't long before I was fully hard again but she kept take me deeper in her mouth and kneading my balls. 

I was watching her so see what she was doing to make my dick feel so good and she was looking up at me and smiling expect when she had my dick down her throat. 

I really gasp when she started taking my dick down her throat so deep that she licked my balls with her tongue. I gasped, "Dam, girl where did you lean to do that?" Anne stopped sucking me long enough to look up at me and said, "A girl learns more in college than what is in the books", and went back to deep throating me again. 

I pulled her up off my cock and was going to roll her on her back, but when we were on our sides she threw a leg over my hip and guided my cock inside her hot wet pussy. She hugged me tight and said, "Slow and deep cowboy, make it last for ever." 

I moved my hands to her round full ass and squeezed her cheeks as I ran the full length of my cock slowly in and out of her hot wet pussy. I bowed my back and sucked as much of one of her breasts in my mouth. I would let it slip out and then raked my teeth over her hard nipple in rhythm with my dick going in and out of her hot pussy. 

Anne gasped, "I didn't think there is any way I'm going to cum again but if you keep sucking my tits I just might." 

I tried to keep the sucking and fucking slow but she wasn't having any of that, she was to close to the edge. Anne speeded up and hunched back when I went deep inside her, "OH God I'm so close Oh god I'm close but I just can't, ha ha,ha, God dam I just can't I want cum so bad, It feel so good all over when I cum but I can't", she gasped. 

I pulled the cheeks of her ass apart and circled her asshole with my index finger. Anne gasped louder and hunched me harder. I ran the tip of my finger in her asshole and she started taking my cock in and out of her pussy harder and faster. I ran my finger in her ass up to the knuckle. Anne screamed and her ass was moving so fast I could hardly keep my finger in her ass, "Ohhhh, Ohh god, Oh God yes." 

She raised the leg that was over me and grabbed my ass, pushing my cock in her so deep that I could feel my head hitting her cervix. 

I had brought several women to climax with the old finger in the ass trick but none of them had an orgasm as intense as Anne was having. She was hunching me so hard I thought my balls might go in her pussy along with my dick. 

She gradually slowed down and I took my finger out of her ass but she keep taking my cock in and out of her very wet and hot pussy. "Oh my god I though sure I had died and gone to heaven", she gasped as her tits heaved against my chest and her pussy was still milking my cock. 

I rolled her on her back with my cock still inside her and pumped her slowly while she got her breath back. 

I was on my elbows over her and looking down in to her smiling and contented face when she asked what time it was. I looked at the clock on the nightstand and said, "Just a little after four." 

Anne said, "I've got to good, the sun will be coming up by the time I get dressed and you take me back to my car." 

I said, "I know and I hate to see this night end, you're some find lady, the best pussy I've ever had." 

Anne smiled back and took my face in her hands and pulled me down and kissed me soft and tenderly, "I came down here tonight to play out a fantasy that I have dreamed of for years. I really didn't have any hopes of my fantasy playing out any were close to my dream. I didn't think I would have any trouble of finding some man to fuck me, but ever part of my dream came true thanks to you. You're some find cowboy." 

I said, Hell Anne, I'm far from a cowboy, I work on the assembly at GM. I've never been out west except when I was a kid." 

Anne chuckled and said, "You're my cowboy, you are the cowboy in my dream. You showed me a good time at the bar and then you brought me up to this room and fucked me so good and in so many ways. Even in my dream I didn't cum so many time and in so meanly different positions. I'll have to teach my husband the finger in the asshole trick when I want to cum", and smiled real big.

I pulled out of Anne and my cock was still hard as rock. Anne noticed how hard I was and said, "It's shame to waist something like that, but I really have to go."

I said, "Yea it sure would be, If you have fifteen more minutes I have a position that I guarantee you'll get off one last time and I can empty this thing so it will go down." 

Anne smiled and say even if I am late getting home it sound to interesting to pass up, take me in that special position but there is no way I'm going to cum again." 

I moved her to where her head was on the edged of the bed and then stood up and lowered her until her head was on the carpet and her ass even with the top of the mattress. 

She smiled real big and said, "Your cock isn't long enough to fuck me from way up there." 
