 I want to have my way with you on Friday.

I'll come over to your house when no one's home. When you open the door to me, I'll put my finger to your mouth to tell you not to say a word. You'll nod in acknowledgement. 

I'll grab your hand in mine and lead you to your bedroom.

I'll make you stay standing and I'll slowly unbutton your shirt, but not touch you in any other way. Your shirt lying on the ground, I'll start to kiss you all over – starting from your chest and slowly make my way down until I reach the button on your pants that is the only thing that's keeping me from your cock.

Now on my knees I'll undo the button feverishly with my anxious fingers and undo the zipper with my teeth. I'll then strip off your boxers and you'll be left standing naked in front of me, your erection very obvious. 

I'll then lead you over to the bed and lay you down. I'll then put on a mini-strip show for you. I'll remove my shirt slowly, keeping eye contact with you and then throw it into the corner. I won't wear a bra or any panties so my breasts will now be free and my nipples erect. I'll rub my breasts unconsciously because I'll be so horny but seeing you smile I'll remember my want to please you and I'll hastily rip off my denim miniskirt and saunter over to you. 

Kneeling next to you I'll bend over and make you suck my nipples whilst my hands wander and stroke your inner thighs. I'll moan because I'll have forgotten how good you are with your mouth but I won't let this distract me from what I'd plan to do. Today is your day, I'm going to please you today. 

I'll kneel between your legs and look up into your eyes as I tease the tip of your cock with my tongue. I'll leave my tongue there for a minute and not move it, even though you'll beg, and then finally I'll wrap my lips around your erection. You'll gasp in pleasure and this encouragement will cause me to force your cock as far into my mouth as I can take. I'll then slowly withdraw and then looking into your eyes I'll slowly make my way down your cock, as teasingly as I can manage. I'll take a mouthful of cold water from a glass that will be next to your bed and then I'll continue to suck your cock slowly. The sensation of the difference between the cold of the water and warm of my mouth will almost send you over the edge and I'll have to be careful not to let you do that, I'll want to tease you as much as possible before I pleasure you. 

I'll suck on the head for a moment and then start sliding my mouth up and down your cock, getting faster every time until you feel you are going to burst. I'll make you tell me when you're going to cum and the moment you do I will stop and leave your dick pulsating in my fist. After giving you a moment's rest, and without warning I will straddle your hips and quickly impale myself on your cock. There will be no resistant because giving you a blowjob will get me very wet. I will remain still with you inside me for a moment to adjust to the size of you but I will soon start rocking my hips up and down on your erection, the pleasure this causes urging me to move faster and faster. As the sweat drips off me I will arch my back in pleasure as my first orgasm hits me and throws me into the sweet sensations that I always feel when I am with you. I will feel myself give into you and unhappily lift myself off your cock for a moment, roll over onto all fours and have you fuck me from behind – doggy-style. You know this is my favourite position, and the one I orgasm the most in, therefore making it your favourite. 

It will now be your turn to tease me and you tease my pussy with your cock and however much I will try and push back, try to fill myself with you, you will resist, and wait till I'm waiting completely still, completely under your power, till you suddenly thrust yourself inside me and the pleasure that follows is unimaginable. You will then grasp my hips and rhythmically thrust in and out of me until I beg you to stop because I have had enough, but then you will still continue, knowing that even though I want you to stop, I also want you to keep going because I am never satisfied. The pleasure will become too much for me and I will have wave upon wave of orgasms wash over my body and my cunt muscles will tighten on your cock, milking the cum from you. 

You will then cum, after you are satisfied that I am satisfied and I will get some of your cum and rub it on my breasts and lick the mixture of yours and my cum off your cock with delight. We will then collapse in a heap after our efforts and just when you are sure that I am too exhausted to even speak I will roll on top of you again and say, "Don't tell me you're tired already because I'm going to fuck you again and again, 'till you beg me to stop."