 I don't know how I got here.

But it's started; it's happening. And I'm here.

Steve is my friend's ex-boyfriend. I met him a few times when they were going out. There was even a drunken discussion between us, where things almost went too far. I don't take any responsibility for that time. After all, nothing really happened; we talked, and there may have been a hug or two... a kiss on the cheek. She had told me he was a very friendly person - add a bit of alcohol and lines blur.

Now, as I push these thoughts from my mind, Steve looks down at me, and his lips move closer to mine. It's not my cheek that he kisses this time. Our lips touch; nothing more than a press to start with. Then the innocence of it all disappears. My lips move against his, and I open my mouth with a need for more. I can't blame anyone but myself because I want him.

I slide my tongue into his mouth with a small moan. He knows its alright now; no need to hold back. He meets me with the same urgency, his hands sliding down from my face to my hips. As he pulls me closer I can feel the beginning of his erection pressing against me. Steve's hands linger for a moment, before I feel his fingers tracing higher.

I take a step back from the embrace, ending the kiss. My breath leaves me with a sigh, only to quicken as I unbutton my shirt. I'm nervous. My fingers are shaking as I pop each button, revealing more and more of myself. Cleavage spills from the top of the black lace bra; my skin seems so pale against the sordid black. 

I had bent my head to the task, golden brown hair hiding my face. As I look up into his eyes, I can suddenly hear my heart pounding in my ears. His eyes tell me he's going to fuck me. Fuck me hard and loud. He's going to make me beg. No one has ever looked at me like that before. 

His chest is bare now, the t-shirt discarded. He's in good shape; lean and defined. My fingers are itching to feel the smoothness and trace the ridges of his flat stomach. I feel a blush creep up to my cheeks - surely I am getting the better end of this deal?! He's exotic looking - olive skin, with almost transparent green eyes. I feel plain next to him - dark blonde hair, soft body, dwarfed by his height...

Without looking away from me his hands find his belt. The noise makes me shudder with anticipation... the metal buckle clanging against the buttons of his jeans. His fingers slip down the denim. The jeans are on the ground and kicked to the side with an ease I know would escape me. I hesitate, my teeth biting at my lower lip. I try to hold my tongue but the words are out before I have a chance.

"Steve, this is wrong."

Such a clichéd statement. It's also true - I know what I am doing is wrong. But there was no conviction behind the words. They hang empty in the silence.

His face softens and a smile turns the corner of those wonderful lips. As he closes the space between us I it dawns on me he is clad only in boxer shorts; shorts that do little to hide just how right he thinks this is.

I am wrapped in him a moment later. I can smell a subtle cologne, and heat. His kiss pushes my head back, bruising my lips with the intensity. I moan into his mouth as his hands knead my breasts, my nipples hard and aching against the lace.

Wet kisses trail down my neck as his fingers caress their way around my back and unsnap the bra. I hold my breath as he slowly pushes the straps off my shoulders, until the bra falls from my arms. I fight the urge to cover myself. His Ex was small and slim - tiny pert breasts and no hips. I want to hide my curves....

He groans at the sight of them. His hands cover them, rubbing and circling. My gasps fill the room as he pinches my rosy nipples until they are rock hard.

"Don't close your eyes Lily. Watch..."

I stop my eyelashes from fluttering closed and watch as he drops to his knees in front of me. He gives them both a final twist, almost to the point of pain. 

A hiss leaves my lips as he draws each nipple in turn into his mouth, sucking hard and biting lightly. I can feel the wetness between my legs growing. I'm throbbing and hot.

I sink to my knees, joining him on the floor. His hands cup my breasts as I kiss his mouth, tasting him, and at the same time forcing him to on to his back.

Kneeling over him, a break the kiss, and let myself drink in his body. My hands follow my eyes, trailing down his chest to his nipples. A kiss each one, lathing my tongue over the buds as he did to me. Then down further - eyes, hands, then tongue... His tight stomach clenches beneath my kisses.

As I reach the band of his boxer shorts I pause and look back up his body to his face.

"Yes yes," he urges breathlessly.

I tease at first, drawing out the sensations - stroking his large erection through the thin cotton. I use my hot lips and breath.

"Oh god..."

I pull at the elastic and suddenly Steve's hands appear and yank the boxers.

I can't help but let out a giggle, "All good things come to those who wait."

"I've been waiting to cum in you since that night we talked."

My eyes flash with a million different responses to that comment, but instead I lower my head, grasp the base of his hard cock in my hand, and drag my tongue along the 7-inch length.

I take my time with him, licking the shaft and sucking the bulging head. My hands cup and lightly squeeze his balls, drawing pants of pleasure from him.

Finally, I suck his cock into my mouth an inch at a time. Slowly I draw him in and out of my hot mouth. As his cock leaves my mouth, I lightly scrape my teeth along the head, before licking and sucking him back inside. As I start to suck harder, and to draw him in deeper, I feel his hands tugging at my hips. With a grunt from him, and a squeal of surprise from me, he changes my position, lifting me to straddle his legs.

His cock pops from my mouth as he roughly pulls me into a better position. I wait with baited breath... He flips my skirt over my hips and I feel his breath on my inner thigh. Fingers ease into the crotch of my panties, pushing the fabric to one side, and rub at my pussy lips.

I start to rock on his fingers, urging him deeper, as I wrap my lips around his cock once more. As I suck his cock harder and deeper into my throat, his thumb finds my clit. I lose myself in the moment - so many sensations at once: the taste of his pre-cum, his tongue lapping at my juices, his fingers plunging deep inside me, and his thumb circling my clit.

My moans vibrate around this cock as I suck him into my throat, my lips stretched tight at the base.

Without warning he lifts me again. I feel the floor at my back as I hear the ripping of my panties. The satin and lace bite into my skin with a sharp pain, before they rip away from my body. Then his lips are on mine. I can taste myself as his tongue moves in my mouth. His lips are wet with my juices.

I glance down between our bodies. My skirt is still on, obscenely pushed up to my waist. His cock rubs against my shaved pussy. Both are glistening wet.

"Tell me to fuck you," Steve orders as his teeth drag teasingly down my neck.

"Yes... fuck me." And I want it. I am aching for it. I arch my back and spread my legs wider.

His fingers dig into my hips as he pulls me closer. I can feel the head of his cock brushing against my wet pussy lips.

"Tell me to fuck you hard. Tell me how much you want it."

"Please. Steve. Do it. Fuck me. Fuck me hard and now. I want you now!"

Steve pushes himself inside me, once, twice, and he is buried deep. His cock fills me completely. I squeeze my eyes shut as he thrusts himself over and over, waves of pleasure climbing over me. My fingernails dig into his arms as he leans over me, pulling my hips to meet each of his thrusts. Each time he enters is deeper and faster than the last. A scream is building at the back of my throat waiting to tear free.

His body tenses above me and I scream as he cums, frantically pumping me hard, before his body collapses heavily on top of mine.

I lie for a moment, my eyes still shut. When I open them I have to blink several times before the colours stop dancing around me. Steve's breath is hot against my breasts. He gives them a last caress before pushing himself off me. He stands, his body gleaming with sweat, and pulls on his boxers.

I close my legs, the muscles quivering, and smooth my skirt back down. I want to cover myself now - the sleaziness is real now that it's over.

I stand and reach for my shirt and bra. Steve beats me to them.

"You always seemed like the nice one, the girl who'd never fuck anyone," he comments, still holding my clothes.

"I am nice. That doesn't mean I don't like sex. Can I have my top please?"

"This wasn't just sex. We fucked. It was good. I'd like to do more..."

My expression must have said more than words ever could and he laughed.

"The things I could do to you... you don't have to be embarrassed. It's even sexier that under your semi-uptight-appearance, you like it rough and..."

I cut him off by lunging for my clothing and snatching it from him. "I'm not that prim and proper! And we shouldn't have done this. It's not happening again..." 

I could hear myself babbling, so I turned away and busied myself with dressing. I bent down to pick up my ruined panties.

In a flash, Steve's hand flipped up my skirt from behind and slapped my bare arse lightly. I righted myself with an indigent gasp, turning to confront him, but he stopped me. His hands naked out from behind me to my breasts and squeezed hard, locking my back to his chest. I struggled against this embrace, but he simply nuzzled my neck and whispered in my ear:

"Till next time."

His hands dropped away and I turned, speechless, but he was already walking out of the room.