 It was two years since Lynne had graduated magna cum laude with a major in Modern American Literature. She'd met George, an unemployed drifter, in a bar and it was lust from the first night. George had done several stretches in jail and when her wealthy parents learned of the relationship, they cut off all contact. Lynne found herself uniquely unqualified to work and after a few temping assignments, where her terrible keyboard and phone handling skills did not earn her many assignments, she ended up as a checkout clerk in a grocery store. Meanwhile, George was content to laze around in the modest apartment they shared, taking the lion's share of her weekly paycheck while complaining that it was meager. 

1. The first thing that Lynne felt was a warm feeling between her thighs. She stirred gently in her sleep, and moaned softly. The feeling grew more real and insistent. This was a very vivid dream, she thought. She came awake very slowly, and gradually became aware of George's head between her thighs and his tongue gently teasing her vulva. 

'Oh, God, its almost nine,' she cried, suddenly sharply awake, 'I'm going to be late and Mr. Bledsoe will kill me... '

'Relax, baby,' George said soothingly, 'All in good time. '

He returned to working on her crotch. He now became rougher, but was amazingly adept. His tongue raced around her thick nether lips and found her clitoris unerringly. Within a minute she was gasping again, this time more quickly and sharply. Wordless cries came from her mouth. Within another minute, she began to come. He slowed, but did not stop. She was arching her back and bucking as she came, but his grip on her thighs remained firm and his tongue did not lose contact. 

The next thing she knew, his hot musky breath was on her neck and she felt his hard manhood at her crotch. He entered her without ceremony, not gently, but with a smooth thrust. He was huge, both thick and long, bigger than anyone she had had before. She was very tight on him and stripped back his foreskin effortlessly. He was six inches into her with his first thrust, another two with his second and entered her with practised ease completely only with his third. 

He began to piston her, with a hard, driving rhythm and now her cries were loud and unrestrained. She began ascending to a second climax very quickly and just as she felt its contractions engulf her, she felt the flood of thick, hot, viscous semen shoot into her womb and fill her. He kept pounding at her in short stabs for another minute before he slowed and stopped. He withdrew gradually and she felt his thick come slowly sliding down her thighs like lava. Her fingers fluttered down and she felt herself wet from belly to lower thigh. 

His face rested between her full breasts. 'Can't let you go to work unless you're well fucked,' he grinned. 

She rolled her eyes. 'I'm really going to pay for this,' she said. 

2. As soon as she go to work, Mr. Bledsoe, came by her station. 'Get someone to relieve you and come back to the stock room,' he said curtly. 

'You mean your office...?' she began. 

'The stock room,' he repeated, sharply. 

She nodded miserably. He was waiting in the stock room with his back to her. He swung around as the door to the stock room swung shut. 

'I'm afraid I'm going to have to fire you, Lynne,' he said. 

'No, please Mr. Bledsoe,' she pleaded, 'I really need this job. George isn't working at the moment... '

'Then, we'll have to work out an arrangement, won't we,' he said, grimly. 

Without preamble, unbuckled his belt, dropped his trousers and stepped out of them. He never wore underwear and his manhood swung out in its semi-tumescence. Lynne gasped. She would never have associated Mr. Bledsoe with such a cock!

'This is a sexual harassment suit right now,' she said tightly. 

'I know, I know, but we can discuss a settlement afterwards,' he said thickly, advancing on her. She backed away and by the time he reached her, her posterior was against the stock room door. He did not waste time with pleasantries. His left arm went around her and his lips were on her throat, his thick tongue flicking out to tease and excite. His right hand slipped through seam in her skirt and unerringly found her crotch. He felt her full breasts and hardening nipples against his chest through her thin blouse and lace brassiere, as she struggled to push him away. 

It was a hopeless fight, in more ways than one. His strength was overpowering, but in addition, her will to fight began to melt away. 'Lynne, I'm going to fuck you or fire you,' he hissed, as his hand expertly kneaded her clitoris through her panties and his tongue worked quickly and adroitly on the sensitive skin of the sides of her throat. Her breathing started to give her away. She gave a deep groan and almost immediately thereafter, her crotch began to moisten. He found the catch of her wrap-around, red uniform skirt and unfastened it. It slid off and pooled around her feet. Then he pulled her thong panties down and she willingly stepped out of them. 

His hands found her round derriere and he lifted her off the ground. Her legs scissored around his waist with practised ease. 'Not the first time, is it, darling?' he thought, 'Drunken romps in college dorm rooms, no doubt. '

His cock was now fully erect and rock-hard. He bent his knees to guide the tip of his huge prick to her thick nether lips. The residual wetness of George's semen burbled out of her and her breath came in quick gasps. She wiggled her bottom to help him position himself. Then he straightened his legs and pushed into her. He could feel George's jism in her cunt. 'Been fucked already this morning, have you darling?' he whispered. She cried out and he grunted as her tightness peeled back his foreskin. She had not realised how big he was – he was as big as George! - and she felt stretched and her throat felt constricted. 

Her tightness and wetness drove him on and he sank the rest of his eight-inch length into her, grunting his satisfaction as he did so. She was moaning now, her crotch firmly ensconced against his belly. She arched her back, bracing herself against the door. With this signal, he began to rock into her, slowly and unevenly at first. Then he found his rhythm and soon he was working his cock like a piston in her cunt, each pile-driving thrust resulting in a wet smack of her mount against his. Her torso began to twist and he felt her nipples thicken further as her breasts slipped free of her brassiere. 

'Oh... OH... Aaaaahh... OH... AAAAAAAAAHH... my God... fuck me... fuck me now!!!... oh my God... I'm coming!!!... I'm coming!!!... Now!!... Now!!!... NOW!!!... '

She continued to cry out inarticulately, as she came. It was a wrenching, powerful orgasm; he could feel her tight cunt contracting spasmodically and milking his prick until he too climaxed. He erupted, groaning, and began to pump his load into her in rough, uneven thrusts. 

When he was done, he slid out of her, and leaned on her, pinning her to the door. She was oblivious to his weight and to the thick, viscous semen oozing out of her cunt, running down her stockings and into her shoes. They were both sweating in spite of the air conditioning in the stock room. Finally he led her to some full cardboard produce boxes at the back of the stock room and they collapsed on to them, his arms going around her, even now undoing her blouse and unfastening her brassiere. 'I think I won't need to fire you after all, Lynne,' he murmured. 

Her mind was a whirl. First George, now Mr. Bledsoe, all within an hour! And she had come really hard with both of them!

3. They left the stock room separately, within a few minutes of each other. Lynne went to the ladies and cleaned up as best she could. Her stockings were damp from her attempts to sponge off Mr. Bledsoe's semen. To her horror, she would not find her panties. Leaving the ladies', she returned to the stock room, but they were nowhere to be seen. She knew they were soaking wet with her smegma, and hoped that they would not be found immediately. 

She returned to her station and took over again. She had been there just a few minutes when Mr. Bledsoe came by again. She was serving a customer and tried to ignore him, but he leaned over her cash register to whisper in her ear, 'Don't worry – your panties are safe with me. '

Time inched by and finally it was eleven – time for her break. With great relief she gave over the register and went out of the store with Tracy, one of her co-workers. Tracy was smoking a cigarette and telling her about her problems with her mother about coming home late, when Lynne saw George's beat-up old van pull into the parking lot. She hoped he wasn't going to ask her for money, as he usually did when he came by the store. He drove up to them and leaned out of the window. Lynne saw that he had a big black man in the front with him. 

'Lynne, you on break, right?' he said. 

'Yes,' she said uncertainly. 

'Come on with us, I'd like you to meet me friend, Dave. '

She waved. 'Hi, Dave,' she said. 

'Come on, Lynne,' George said, with exaggerated politeness, 'Let's get a quick coffee and I'll run you back here. '

'George, I'll see you after my shift. I was late this morning... '

'Lynne, Dave's got to go very soon. Come on. ' George's voice acquired an edge. 

'Oh, all right. But just a few minutes. '

She walked around to the passenger side and Dave opened the door. He leaned down and swept her in, onto his lap just as George gunned the motor, throwing her back into Dave's arms. 'George, what's going on? I have to get right back... ' neither one of them paid any attention to her and by the time George drove out onto the main road, Dave was kneading her full breasts through her thin blouse and lacy brassiere. 

'Oh, George, this is really great,' Dave said thickly. While bigger and stronger than George, Dave did not appear to be overly bright. 

'Dave helped me a lot in prison, Lynne. I'd like you to be nice to him. ' George drove out on to the road out of town that was virtually devoid of traffic after rush hour. Lynne was twisting in Dave's lap, but not very successfully. He had managed to unbutton her blouse and then manhandled the catch of her brassiere till it came undone. Now he giggled as he kneaded her naked breasts, pinching the nipples roughly. For the third time that morning, her breath began to grow shorter and her nipples began to harden. 

Then, holding her across the breasts with one hand, his other slipped through the seam in her wrap-around skirt and found her crotch. 'Oh, George, like you said, she's really ready, she's not got any panties on!' Dave said excitedly. He undid his fly and pulled his trousers down, freeing his dick, which was now rock hard. 

Her legs were splayed over his lap and he hiked her skirt up around her waist. He now pushed her forward until her cunt was positioned over his cock. He arched his back and pushed up. A deep groan escaped him as he entered her and her tight cunt stripped back his foreskin. A mixture of George's and Mr. Bledsoe's semen burbled out and oiled his huge dick. However, Dave was oblivious. 

She let out a low moan and sank down, taking the rest of him into her. Soon she was bouncing on his lap, her hands gripping his knees. He grasped a breast in each hand, kneading and tweaking her nipples. 

"I'm coming,' she gasped, 'Hurry, hurry, HURRY! My God, my GOD! Oh, my GOD!! OH, MY GOD!!! I'M COMING, YOU BASTARD!!! YES! YES!! YES!!!'

Her contractions were too much for Dave and he came in a series of mighty eruptions, pumping hot semen into her through several deep thrusts. 

4. George and Dave dropped her off without ceremony and drove off in a cloud of filthy exhaust. Her legs felt weak, but she managed to make it to her station, relieving Sarah, a young teenager. What a day! And it wasn't even noon yet!