 I look up from the stacks of papers and books that surround me as I work, precariously positioned on the bed, so as not to disturb the order my pieces lie in. I am tired. My tasks have become tedious, and I can't think about anything constructive as my gaze falls to the back of your head. You sit at your desk in your chair, also working. Your dark, brown, voluminous curls halo your head in the crazy, disorganized way that prompts you to get a haircut, but that I love the most. I want to touch them, to smell your shampoo, to feel their roughness on my fingers and face...and then...

A low shudder rolls slowly through my body. In this moment - at the peak of my interest, where you don't notice that I am looking at you, envisioning all of the loving and terrible things I want you to do to me - I hesitate. I shift slightly, feeling a jolt as my light pink boy shorts glide against quickly-forming wetness. Something in my chest lurches. My breasts, small and round like two tennis balls, heave, and my nipples are already hard to the touch through the thin cotton of my tight grey shirt. I bite my lip and stroke one absently with my nail through the fabric, feeling secret places below move, involuntarily, in tandem. Can I take a break?

Can you?

I go over to your chair. Placing my hands on your shoulders, I lean down, my face next to yours, feeling my cheek brush with your stubble. I pretend to look at what you are working on for a moment, running my fingers through your hair, before lowering my lips to kiss your warm neck. You are still typing as I kiss higher, my tongue circling your ear, my lips massaging the lobe. I hear a groan rise in your throat, and the steady clicks of the keyboard slow to a stop. You want more. I climb into your lap, letting your broad shoulders encircle me with warmth. I can feel hardness forming. I look into your kind, brown eyes, my head so crowded with thoughts of desire that I can't speak.

"Yes?" You tease me, pretending you can't read my eyes and body.

I bite my lip again, desperate.

You brush my nipple, pleased, both with the lurch it sends through me, and with my look of sadness when your hand moves back to rest on my hip.

You lean forward and kiss me tenderly, your warm, full lips melting into mine, as your stubble scratches me. I love that your kisses sometimes cause me discomfort, even when you are gentle and loving. I often see the red marks of your affections hours after, records of my having pleased you etched in my face. Your hands roam across my hips, butt, and back, as I bury mine in your hair, selfishly gathering it in fistfuls, and our kiss intensifies. I moan quietly as your tongue massages mine.

You look at me and smile. 

"Do you want to take a shower?"

I nod emphatically as I climb off your lap. Our hands gently touch as we enter the bathroom. 

I wait while you turn on the water, testing the temperature with one hand. When you look up, I remove my shirt, my bare breasts bouncing as the fabric parts from my body. My pink nipples are engorged with arousal. They are extremely sensitive - second only to my clit in giving me pleasure. Your eyes stay locked on them as you pull down your boxers, both of us thinking about how your fingers and tongue will soon play with them, deliciously torturing me, before my breasts are fully encapsulated by your rough hands. You watch me, unapologetic and entitled, absently stroking your hard cock as I remove my shorts, fully exposing myself to you. You can see everything - the closely-trimmed hair on my vulva, the dimples over my round ass - as you follow me into the shower.

The water embraces us with warmth. Streams fall all around us as we kiss, finally pressing our naked bodies together, feeling the sensory overload of simultaneous caresses from lover and water. Your erection bumps against my hip as you kiss my neck and pinch my nipples. I kneel, looking up at you as I begin to lick around the upper edges of your cock. One hand massages the backs of your legs and the other wanders towards your balls, cupping them gently, tugging, exploring the surfaces of their folds. I watch your face while doing this, and see that it pleases you. I smile, as I suck on the tip of your cock, and make gentle pulsations in the tips of my fingers. A rush of desire to please you, to fully worship the organ in front of me, flows through me. I look up at you one more time before I take your cock firmly in my hand and, after giving your inner thighs a few lingering kisses and licks, take your balls into my mouth. I feel their gel-like texture as I suck on them, each in turn, gently, stroking your cock all the while. I love your cock, but I also love your balls. I love exploring them - burying my face in them, feeling the crevices with my tongue, even more prominent as the water flows over them. I love the way that giving them my full attention gives you extreme pleasure and makes me feel like a dirty whore.

Your head is tilted back, eyes closed as water trickles over your entire body. Moving away from your balls, I suddenly take your entire cock into my mouth, sucking hard. I hug your waist with my arms, knowing that you are nearing your peak, and I want to feel as much of you as possible. But you are pulling away. You come down to sit crab-legged on the floor of the shower, and take my waist, guiding me onto your lap, facing you, so that you can sit inside of me.

I whimper as I feel your cock up against the outer edge of my entrance. Looking into my eyes, you pull my waist down and thrust, my cunt clutching you as you penetrate me deeply. We rock back and forth slowly as the water rains down on us, our foreheads pressed together in concentration. As your cock rolls inside me, stroking me, your pelvis grinding against my clit, every part of me is pleasure. I am drunk with it.

Your lips are by my ear.

"Come for me," you say.

And then I do, leaning back as one of your hands massages the small of my back, the other gently pulls my hair. I undulate powerfully as explosions of infinite waves and primal moans overtake my being, sensations increased exponentially by the liquid warmth flowing continuously over my body.

And then it is your turn. As you pull me back up to sitting a sitting position, I feel you let go, moaning as you hold my body against yours. Your cock makes sharp, powerful movements as you release your cum inside me, your head tilted back, eyes closed. I love to come, but I enjoy your pleasure even more - being able to feel and watch you in ecstasy has the same effect as orgasm for me.

A calm overtakes us both as we sit underneath the water, still joined, panting, processing what our bodies and minds have experienced. Soon, our break will be over, and we will have to return to our work. But not yet.