 This is my first submission, let me know what you think but please be kind. :)

*****

Every night, Jamie laid in bed just thinking about what has happened. It had been two years in his relationship and she just decided to up and leave.

Maria wasn't perfect by any means, but he liked her, maybe even loved her. Her raven hair that shown almost blue in certain light. Her curvy figure and her sultry voice were also a bonus for him. She wasn't what he would call a perfect lady but she also wasn't uneducated by any means. There was just something between them that never fully connected and he knew that.

On that evening, the evening that would change everything for him, he had just come home from work. Like so many books and movies he had seen, nothing special was going on. Nothing in the slightest. A letter in the mail with no return address was for him. He stood alone in his apartment, waiting for Maria to come home and staring at this one letter for some reason that he couldn't explain.

He sat his other mail down and opened this one up. Inside, there was just a plain white paper with the words "It's time for a change." typed in the middle.

"Strange", Jamie said out loud. He then realized he was talking to no one and felt a little embarrassed and smiled to himself.

The door then opened and Maria came inside with a solemn look on her face.

"Can we talk?"

Jamie thought, "This can't be good."

"Sure," he said and sat on the small couch they had.

"I'm leaving you."

That's it? Jamie thought to himself.

"Why?"

She continued with the normal rhymes and reasons that couples break up, but to Jamie's surprise, he was ok with it.

The next day, she began to move and he went to work. He was a clerk at a local store. Just like any other store you would see on any other street in town. His day was full of "Yes Sir" and "Yes Ma'am". He was out of kindness by the end of the day though.

That evening, he got home and there was another letter in the mail to him. Again, no return address and a plain white sheet of paper inside. This time it read "Your day is new".

"What a joke." he thought to himself.

It was about 6 pm and he was fixing himself some dinner. Another night of hamburger helper and a coke was about all that he was in the mood for. Settling in to his half empty apartment and turning on the tv was the only thing he wanted to do.

Knock, knock...

"Guess dinner can wait for a few more minutes. Nothing better to do tonight."

He answered the door to a striking young woman. Her hair a bit disheveled and light olive skin. Couldn't have been more than 110 pounds at 5'4". She wasn't a supermodel but definitely better than the girl next door. Literally better than the girl he lived next to. She was standing in a t-shirt with some rock style design on it and a pair of ripped jean shorts.

"Can you help me?" she had a shake in her voice.

"What's up?"

"I saw you up here and I thought I would at least try. My car is busted and I need someone to help me get it home."

Jamie thought for a moment then shook his head, "I'm sorry, but I don't have a car to take you anywhere."

She sighed and let out a small huff, "Then can I at least come in and make a phone call."

"Sure," he opened the door a little more and she came strolling in. She didn't appear dangerous, but Jamie was no fool and didn't keep much money around just in case.

She made her phone call and didn't get anyone to pick up.

"I can't reach anyone! DAMMIT!"

"You can stay here for a while if you want, until someone you know gets home and can come and get you," Jamie said nonchalantly as he sat down on the sofa to eat his dinner.

"There's more food on the stove if you want it."

"Thanks, I appreciate it."

She grabbed a little and sat down too to watch some tv. Since Maria moved out, all he had left was his sofa. Actually he was surprised at that.

"So where's all your stuff."

"My girlfriend just left, you missed her by about a day."

"Really... I'm sorry. My name's Olivia." she continues as she tries to eat at the same time unsuccessfully. She drops a little food onto her shirt.

The night went on and Jamie and Olivia continued to talk small talk and forgot about calling her friends or family to come pick her up. From what he gathered, she told her family she was going to work for a while after high school and before college. That was 6 years ago.

Due to working all the time, she hasn't really had time for a lot of friends either. But what the hell, she was busy and beginning the climb of the corporate ladder in a local home office for a nationwide retail chain.

After a while, she laid down on the couch with her feet in his lap as the hue from the tv began to lull her into a state of not quite asleep.

When she put her feet into his lap, without thinking, he began to rub them.

"Hey!" she jumped a little, "That tickles."

"Sorry... I'll work on it a bit."

Jamie actually felt comfortable around her. It was one of those moments that you feel like you've been with someone for decades even though you just met them.

He began working on the soles of her feet. Making sure to flex and reach each toe individually. Rubbing them separately and together, she was feeling very relaxed.

He continued as he watched some more tv.

As his massage of the feet started to tone down a bit, she gave a little kick to wake him back up. It was nearly 11 at night and he was feeling a bit sleepy as well. But she was his guest and he decided to oblige her a bit longer.

With her feet in his lap, he got some hand lotion and began to rub it in. It felt even better this time to her as she began to move her feet around a bit. This was having a mild affect on him as the location of her feet was creating a stir in his libido.

He decided to move up to her calves and massage those as well. He didn't bother to stop to put on more lotion and continued to caress her smooth, even toned legs. As he neared her knees, they parted just a little by themselves.

Olivia was still watching tv and not paying him much attention. Her breathing was becoming a bit heavier, so slight, you almost couldn't tell.

Jamie continued and decided to scoot down a little so he could continue to massage her legs as they watched another episode of late night tv.

She adjusted her legs so that they lay across him better and he went onto her thighs. This time applying more pressure to the outsides and bringing it in. His mind was beginning to flood with thoughts now. Images of him and her together swimming through the ocean that was his brain. Even though he was staring at the television, he couldn't see what was on it as he was concentrating on the beauty that now lay across him.

With each pass of his hands over her thighs, she was getting more and more waves of sensual sensations running through her body as well. She was almost asleep but couldn't deny the feelings of pleasure this massage was giving her.

He raised her legs up for a moment and scooted to the edge of the sofa, much to her dismay as she placed her legs back down behind him. He turned and began rubbing again from this new angle as to get a better grasp on the situation.

She had almost completely drifted off at this point.

He decided if he were going to do anything, it would be now or never.

Jamie took his left hand off of her right leg and brought it to help with her left leg. He was stroking the outside and now inside of her thigh at the same time. He moved up with his right hand first, still moving back and forth. He slides his hand just under her shorts, feeling her rear for the first time. His heart jumped and she suddenly took in a deep breath of air.

He kept moving and massaging around, higher and higher with his right hand until it was almost completely inside of her shorts.

He then began sliding up his left hand as he continued his massage. There was a scent of excitement and anticipation in the air that was about to kill him if he didn't do something quickly.

With every second that passed, he could hear his heart beat faster and more loudly. Somewhere in his mind, he was hoping she would hear it too and wake up to ravish him right there.

Olivia laid there, her eyes closed, but still awake as Jamie crept up a little more and more at a time. She wasn't asleep at all, but wanting what he wanted just as much, if not more than he did. She just lay there, allowing him to make the move and enjoying this fantasy as it progressed. With her eyes closed tight, she didn't know what to expect next. It was though she were blindfolded and tied up and couldn't do anything. Not yet anyway.

Jamie was so close to crossing that line from where he was to where he wanted to be. He caressed with his left hand up the inside of her thigh also. Then he slipped a finger under her shorts to feel her panties. Her soft and silky panties. He could feel the heat just emanating through them as she was extremely turned on by this. Jamie swore he felt her rock just a little to try and touch his hand with her center. To feel him touch her there and start what was inevitable on this night.

He removed both of his hands and he caressed upwards more over her shorts and to her shirt that was beginning to ride up on her thin and trim body.

When he first put is left hand on her flat stomach, she inhaled deeply and let out a little whimper. He pressed down as he rubbed just a little and took his right hand and began to rub her neck gently.

She began to breathe heavily now and he was fully aware that she was awake now. He continued to caress with his left hand around her stomach and it found its way just under her shorts and panties to finally touch what would be his sin for the night. His wonderland that was waiting and already steaming with excitement for him. He reached up with his right hand and she took it with her hands and put a few of his fingers in her mouth. She began to get awash with emotions that were leaping out of her control. She and he both knew what was happening, but it was so natural and they both wanted it so much.

She was encased in a sea of lust and wanton desire that was more than he was prepared for. He began to enter her with his hand over and over and she kept thrusting into it as though she were a sex starved animal in heat. Over and over again. She removed his fingers and inserted his thumb into her mouth. She was loving this but knew it would not quench her thirst or fill her need.

She opened her eyes and her lust flew out in a rapture that took even him by surprise. Reaching for his shirt, she ripped it off of him and threw it aside. He had to release her to help her undress as well. They were so far gone they didn't even know how long it took to remove their clothing. It was incredible at the magnetism these two were creating and had as she slammed into him as though drawn to an irresistible force. He fell back and she unzipped his pants to find the one thing that would satiate her lust. As it came forth, she swallowed it in one breath. Taking it in and pulling like it would come off and fill her for all eternity. Again and again she went at it. Telling it in her own way how much she needed what he had to offer, and more.

He ran his fingers through her hair. He then grabbed it and pulled her back to see the brown haired beauty drive further into ecstasy. Needing her drug of choice and it stood only inches from her in a glowing coat of her saliva. She reached for the next best thing and that was his thumb again. Engulfing it as though she were at an orgy with others waiting to be satisfied by her. She was insatiable and needed to be set free from this building rapture waiting to happen within her body. He withdrew his hand and she then slowly slid up his member with her tongue from the base to the tip. Then diving again back onto it to enjoy the taste and feeling it gave her to caress him in this way. She was his, and she liked it this way. She wanted him to use her and give her what she so wholly desired. She continues faster and faster, with more emotion with each pass. Until she felt it...

a pulse...

a drive...

a point of sheer pleasure, filling her and giving her what she needed to release as well.

Her lust released so completely, she was instantly spent and happy. She laid down next to the object of her desire and caressed it some more. Gently lifting off the juices flowing from it and putting it in her own mouth to be swallowed eagerly. She looked up at Jamie...

He was elated with passion. A sense of ecstasy he had never felt before.

She looked at him with that same look as before.

"mmmmm... you got any more...?"

to be continued...