 Author's Note: There are brief lesbian undertones to this erotic coupling story, but the sexual action is heterosexual. Thank you to AussieAngel for the story idea. ~ Red

*

"You're sure?" Jade whispered against Gabi's neck. She felt her lover's chest rise and heard the heavy sigh escape her lips. 

"Jade, I'm sure," she told her and hugged her tight. She then loosened her hold and used one hand to tilt Jade's head upwards. "I am not upset. I am not hurt. I am not angry. I love you and I want you to do this, because if you don't," she kissed her forehead, "you'll never know. Right?" 

Jade bit her lower lip and nodded her head. "I love you too. I just..." 

"Enough baby girl. I am okay with it. I know you need this. In a way I need it too. I want you to be sure you're where you want to be... with me." Gabi slid her fingers into her lover's black hair and coaxed her forward. It didn't take much for Jade to meet her half way and when their lips touched, each one moaned softly. They kissed slowly, each letting the other have a chance to cleanse away the taste of iced donuts they'd been eating. When the kiss became more heated, Gabi drew back. "You best get off me, or you'll be late for work." 

Jade blushed, but nodded her head. She slipped off her lover's lap and walked a few feet away. "Gabi..." 

"Yeah?" 

"Is this going to change us?" she asked, a look of concern filled her anxious features. 

Gabi tilted her head to one side and smiled softly. "Yeah, it will... but I think it is going to make us stronger." 

Jade grinned. "I hope so," she said and hurried to the bedroom to change for work.

Gabi watched her leave and then tucked her chin into her hands. "I hope so too," she whispered, feeling a bit of doubt begin to creep in. She sat alone in the kitchen, she and Jade redecorated when they moved in together. It was five months ago today that they had graduated from high school, four months and a week, since moving into the tiny apartment and announcing that they were officially a couple. Now they were about to face what Gabi knew was the biggest threat to their relationship. However, if Gabi stopped Jade, then she'd never know if they were supposed to be together or not. 

She heard the bedroom door open and quickly composed herself, put on a smile and rose to walk her lover out to her car. "When you're ready let me know." 

"I will," Jade told her. "And I think you're right. I think Mike's the right guy to ask." 

"Yeah, I think so too. He knows both of us very well and we know him. Not to mention he's the most honest and trustworthy guy I know." 

"I agree." Jade stepped up and kissed Gabi again, this time taking a moment to slide her hands to her lover's hips and pull her close. "I want you so bad," she muttered through moist lips and slick tongues. 

"I want you too, but the rent needs paid," Gabi chuckled, pulling herself free and playfully swatting her partner's ass as she got into the car. "Have a good night," she called out while waving goodbye.

Jade drove carefully to work, trying to focus on who was scheduled to work with her that morning. She pulled into the department store parking lot and saw several customers milling about outside. "You got fifteen more minutes," she said and rolled her eyes, before she got out of the car and entered the side door of the building. 

Once inside she quickly grabbed a soda to stash at her register and then found herself thinking of Gabi and their conversation. She remembered how Gabi's face had seemed to fall when Jade told her what she wanted to do. She wasn't sure she'd done the right thing, but after talking it over with her lover, she knew she had to do this, if not for herself than for their relationship. 

"Hey Jade," a warm baritone voice called out to her. 

Jade looked up and blushed as the object of her and Gabi's conversation walked past. "Hi Mike," she said, with a soft smile. She bit her lower lip and wondered if now was the time to ask him. She told herself it was, but then she decided that it wasn't. "During break," she muttered and watched as he made his way to the doors to let the customers in. 

Hours passed before Jade took her first break. She grabbed her warm soda, a pack of crackers from the vending machine and found a place to sit on a bench behind the store. It wasn't long before she was joined by Mike, as was custom for them to take their breaks together. 

"What's up?" he asked after opening his soda and taking a long draw from it. 

Jade screwed up her face and looked at him oddly. "Huh?" she asked, not sure what he was referring to. 

"You've been distracted all morning. Staring at me every time I come up front as if I have the plague or something. What's up?" 

"You know me so well, do you?" she asked and bit into her cracker. 

"Yeah, I know you. I know you're bugged about something. I just don't know yet what it is. Are you and Gabi okay?" he asked as he peeled an orange, sending zest everywhere.

"Yeah, were cool. I haven't been happier," she said and then averted her gaze. 

"Come on Jade, what is it? You can trust me. I know your parents weren't to keen on you and Gabi moving into together, but I thought they accepted it. Are they the problem?" he asked, putting his orange away for the time being. 

"No, its me. I . . .," Jade sighed heavily and then blew a puff of air, sending her dark bangs flying. "Mike, I have never been with a guy." 

"So," he smirked, "neither have I." He winked. 

Jade rolled her eyes. "Mike, be serious. I want to know what it is like to be with a guy. I mean. . .I've dated boys and well, kissed them and it was nice, but I never was willing to go further." 

Mike shrugged his shoulders. "That's okay. You've got Gabi, so it's obvious a guy isn't your thing." He bit into his orange and licked at the juice that slid down his chin. 

"You're pretty comfortable around me and Gabi, right?" 

"Yeah. I've known you both since grade school. Why?" 

Jade took another calming breath and then placed her hands in her lap. "You're not seeing anyone right now, right." 

Mike screwed up his forehead and eyed her cautiously. "No, I'm not." 

"And you're into women." 

He chuckled. "Hell yeah." 

"Mike I want to be with a guy and..." 

"Hold it right there. Does Gabi know what your thinking?" 

Jade nodded her head yes. "I love Gabi and she loves me, but she's had sex with a guy and she knows she doesn't like it. I haven't. I don't know if I like it or not. I want to find out. I want to have sex with someone I trust and I know isn't screwing me because I'm just a piece of ass. I want to be with someone who I respect and who respects me. Someone who will take their time and... Mike, Gabi and I think you should be the guy." 

She watched him stop chewing. Her gaze held his for what seemed like an eternity, before she lowered her eyes and felt the heat of her cheeks grow even brighter than they had been when the conversation started. It wasn't until she felt his hand on hers that she looked up at him. 

"First... umm wow," he blinked and shook his head to clear it, "second, I want to talk with Gabi and you both. I am not saying yes, because this is just odd, but I'm not saying no either. I won't lie to you Jade, you're a beautiful woman and to say I have never thought of you like that would be a lie, because I'm a guy, and someone who has seen you develop into the woman you are right now. You're hot, but I also know once this happens, nothing will be the same, especially between you and I, and probably even Gabi, too. I don't know if I am willing to risk our friendship for it." 

Jade nodded her head. "I understand. I didn't expect, nor do I need an answer today. I don't even know when I want to do it, but I know I want it to be you." She shrugged her shoulders. "I don't think you'll lose our friendship. I'm not asking you to love me, just," she thought a moment, "fuck sounds like the wrong word, but make love doesn't sound right either." 

"We don't need a word," Mike said and then squeezed her fingers. "How about you and Gabi come over tonight and I'll cook you dinner. We can discuss this together. I'm still not saying yes, but I think I understand what you're looking for and why you're doing it." 

Jade reached out and hugged her friend and co-worker. "Thank you," she whispered and then kissed his cheek. "Even if you say no, I still feel you were the one to ask. We'll see you tonight. Around six?" 

"Yeah, that'll work," he answered. 

"Great," she replied and quickly headed back to work. Her shoulders felt lighter and her mind seemed to be able to focus on the rest of her day. It wasn't until she was clocking out that she started to become nervous again, fearful that she was jeopardizing everything she and Gabriella had. 

