 Mike and Amy worked together at a local real estate office. Mike was the up and coming you realtor who never took no for an answer and sometimes acted like he owned the place. He was very confident and liked to talk about himself. He was 26 years old, blonde, 6'0" and very well toned from working out hard 4 times a week. He was always flirting with the different women in the office and he thought he knew it all when it came to being a ladies man. He was always talking about his latest conquest and he seemed to prefer the tan blonde types. He liked to especially give Amy a hard time because she was so quiet and soft spoken. Amy, 29, worked as an assistant for four of the realtors and did all of their dirty work for them and everyone in the office liked her. They were always trying to set her up with some different guy, but she always turned them down. 

Amy made good money and was well established. She owned her own home and drove a new red Acura and she said to the other ladies in the office that she did not need some guy coming along and thinking she needed to be taken care of. She had never been married and most people in the office had never seen her with a date. Amy, who had a short pixie hair style, was a redhead and she was shorter than most women at 5'2". She did however have a nice body and breasts for her size (34B) that she usually kept covered up with a sweater or jacket. Mike, who loved to give Amy a hard time, was always asking her if she was going to wear anything a little tighter so he could get a better look at her. She always just rolled her eyes and told him to get lost. He would make suggestive comments to her because he thought they embarrassed her. He would ask her when she was going to run off to Vegas with him and party like animals. Amy always told him that was for his bimbos and not for her. Truth was, she was very attracted to Mike, but she wasn't sure he could handle her though. What people thought they knew about Amy and the real Amy was two different people. Mike always called her the mouse because he said she just snuck around the office. He was soon to find the truth about Amy and it would change his life. 

One day, after Amy had covered his butt with one of his frustrated big customers Mike told her how thankful he was to her. She was pleased that he finally had given her some credit for all of her hard work. He asked if she would let him take her to dinner on Saturday night. Amy told him that she would not go out to dinner with him; however, if he wanted to come over on Saturday evening she would cook dinner for both of them. Mike was surprised at how forward she was being with him. He always thought she was cute, but not the type of woman he would usually go out with. She told him to keep things quiet because she did not want people around the office talking. Amy also said that what happens on Saturday will stay between them and if he ever tells anyone he is for some deep trouble. Mike laughed because he could not believe this little thing was telling him what to do. He figured nobody in the office would even care anyway, so he promised Amy to be very quiet. She gave him her address and told him to be there at 7:00 sharp. No later and no sooner. 

He laughed and said, "Yes ma'am!"

"You got that right Mike." She said with a wink, "Now you better remember it. Anything and everything that happens there is between me and you. I am not going to be your latest conquest to be spread through the office on Monday. Do you understand me Mike?"

"Yes, we would never want to destroy your image would we Amy?" He said sarcastically.

"Call me Ma'am. I like that better." She said with authority he had never heard from anyone but a coach.

The rest of the week Amy basically ignored Mike. He tried joking around with her a few times, but she ignored him. He was puzzled at the way she was acting. He thought she was different. He had no idea how different she was and his world was about to be rocked by this little redheaded woman.

On Saturday, since it was slow during the winter months he slept in, went to the gym and took a nap. He was excited about tonight, but he did not know if Amy wanted to have him over to be nice, or if she was interested in him. He thought that maybe he could put the moves on her and show this little woman what kind of man he was. He took a shower around 5:30 and shaved his chest and trimmed his pubic area in case he was able to talk Amy into bed. He left his house around 6:45 and headed for Amy's house. Amy was waiting at the door for him and as soon as he walked up to the door she opened it took him into her house. Amy was wearing a tight pair of cotton shorts and a t-shirt. She did not want to waste anytime will idle chit-chat, so she told him that wanted to show him something in her bedroom. Mike was told that there would be no speaking unless he was spoken to and Amy told him to follow her. She stopped at her bedroom, turned and gave him a kiss on the lips and then she grabbed his hand and started to lead him towards her room. Mike was amazed at how forward she was being and he wondered if anyone at the office knew she was so forward. Once they were inside the room, she turned to Mike and she instructed him to undress in front of her without saying a word. The room was dark aside from the various candles Amy had lit. In the center of the room was Amy's large, four-postered queen sized bed. Mike was incredibly curious and aroused and he could not believe that this very cute and small woman was being so dominant over him. She had never shown him this side of her in the few months he had known her. 

Amy sat in a chair in front of the bottom of bed and she watched him undress. Mike stopped at his boxers, but she told him he had better listen to what she said if he wanted to enjoy this night. Mike was a little embarrassed undressing with her watching him; however, he did not want to spoil this evening. He could not tell if she was joking with him or if she was serious. Once he was naked, Amy told him to take his cock into his hands and stroke himself. Mike had never masturbated in front of anyone, but he wanted to see how far Amy was going to take this dominance of him. She watched him for a few minutes and then she came over and knelt in front of Mike as he stroked his thickening cock in his hand. Amy never touched him as she just watched as Mike slowly jerked himself off in front of her. Mike was getting very excited and his cock was rock hard. Amy told him to speed up his pace when she saw his cock had oozed pre-cum from the tip. "I want to see my cock as you make it cum for me, my love." Amy said as she stared at my cock and never looked at Mike's face. "I want you to cum now; so that later when I need you, you will last longer and give me more pleasure." Amy's control of him really turned him on and he started stroking himself as fast as he could. Mike was amazed that he felt so free standing in front of Amy jerking off. He could feel his orgasm quickly approaching and as he came his legs buckled and he let out a huge moan. His cum flew from his cock and onto Amy's face and chest. She started rubbing Mike's cum into her face and her body. Mike milked his cock until the final drop fell and hit the floor. He was dizzy from his climax and watching Amy. Without a word, she got up off her knees and looked him in the eyes once again. Amy put her hand on Mike's chest and she pushed him back until he was standing with the back of his legs up against the bed. Amy pulled back when Mike tried to bend over and kiss her. 

"We will kiss when I want us to kiss." She said with a serious look on her face. 

"You will do as I say, when I say it without any argument. Do you understand me?"

"Yes ma'am I understand." Mike said

Amy then pushed him gently down at the foot of the bed and she told him to scoot back and lay on the pillows at the top of the bed. Once Mike had moved to where she wanted him, Amy then slowly crawled the bed and up on top of Mike and she pinned him beneath her. Amy then placed one of his arms under her knee so that he couldn't move it. Mike had no idea what she was doing, but this woman was amazing and surprising him by the second. Next, she took the other arm in both of her hands, pulled it to the nearest bedpost and she tied it securely to the post with rope she had attached to the bed earlier in anticipation. Then she momentarily released Mike's other arm but grabbed it with both hands and quickly tied it to the other side of the headboard. Mike laughed. Amy was much more than he ever thought she would be in bed. He had thought that he would be the one directing things this evening, but she had definitely taken control of the proceedings. He struggled, but Mike couldn't free his arms. Amy then turned around, held his legs down with her own as she sat on them, and secured them to opposite bedposts at the foot of the bed with more ropes. Finishing that task, she turned back around and grinned at him.

"You're now my captive, and I'm not going to let you go! Ever!" She laughed.

"Tonight you are mine. I will do with you as I please and you will definitely please me if you ever want to get out of here."

Hearing those words, he couldn't help but feel a little scared, so Mike struggled very hard to loosen the knots, but he found out it was useless. He was completely helpless to Amy here on her bed. She did nothing to stop him from trying to free herself because she knew he would never get out of her expert knots. Mike stopped moving around and gazed deeply into her eyes. He saw Amy's pretty face and sweet grin and he could see that she cared about him, and got the feeling that she would never hurt or be cruel to him. Amy had never spoken harshly to me and he had never even seen her angry, and Mike didn't think she ever would in the future. He hoped that he wasn't mistaken and If she was, he knew that he was screwed and wouldn't enjoy this. But he decided to trust her and see how this was going to unfold. Amy then stood up and she slowly removed her clothing. As he watched her undress before him, Mike thought that she had a very cute and toned body. Her breasts were not large (34B), but they were very perky and she had long, thick nipples. He noticed she had a butterfly tattoo just above her pubic area. Its wings were spreading as if getting ready for flight. He could see that she neatly trimmed her pubic hair. She went over to the nightstand and took out two wide straps.

She came back to one side of the bed and she attached the straps to the bed in two spots at the frame that were just above and below with his crotch. She tossed the straps to the other side of the bed and then she securely fastened them. Now, he could not lift his hips off the bed. He was completely secured and at her mercy. She stood up and came around the foot of the bed again and then she crawled up and straddled Mike. She looked into his eyes and she leaned down and kissed him deeply. After she broke the kiss, she moved up the bed and then Amy pressed her breast into his waiting mouth. 

"Please kiss and suck my breast now," Amy softly told him as she looked down into his eyes. 

When he didn't, Amy was pleased that he realized that she didn't exactly tell him to, but merely expressed a desire for Mike to suck her breast. She immediately said in a stronger voice, "Suck on my breast now, my good boy."

Mike wanted to make her feel good and he wanted to obey her instructions. He started sucked on her delicious tit as directed, and felt its warmth in his mouth. He kissed around her breasts and sucked her nipples deeply into his mouth. She told him when he was doing a good job and when he wasn't. Mike could tell from Amy's moans that he was pleasing her more than not. Amy lifted her dangling breast away from his mouth after a few minutes of him sucking on her breast. She started to play with him by keeping her nipples just out of the reach of his tongue. Amy told him that he was doing well, but he was going to have to do a lot more than that to please her. Amy sat up moved up his body, and straddled her pussy in his face. Mike looked up at her pussy and could smell Amy's excitement. The hair around her vaginas lips was completely shaved her pubic hair was trimmed in a small triangle. Mike tried to raise his head to her waiting pussy, but would not let him.

"You will please me when I tell you to." She said.

"I'm sorry ma'am," He said "You look delicious though and I want to taste and please you.." 

Amy moved up even higher over his face so that her pussy was directly over him, but out of his reach. She took his head gently but firmly between her thighs so tightly that he couldn't move his mouth away from Amy's hot, wet, and pink pussy. Her very intoxicating scent filled Mike's nose, and he becoming somewhat dizzy from it. He watched as she opened up her pussy lips with the fingers of one hand, showing him the treasures that waited inside. Then Amy placed her other hand behind his head, and pulled it closer. For a moment Amy unlocked her thighs from his head, and then again she squeezed her thighs tightly shut on each side of his head. She assured him that he wouldn't be getting away from her pussy until she wanted him to.

"You've been a good boy so far Mike. Now, lick my pussy and make me feel good." She said from above.

He obediently began licking her with his tongue. He slowly licked up and down her pussy. He would take her clit in his mouth and suck it deeply into his mouth and nibble it with his teeth. His head was covered in sweat and her juices and the air was very hot and he had enough air to breathe. He could not move at all and he could only smell her aroma. As hot as he was and as much as he wanted to be free, he continued to lick and please Amy per her command. Through her clenched thighs, he heard her moans and he felt her pussy really heating up. She pushed down slightly harder on his mouth with her wet pussy, but not so hard that it hurt, only so that his lips were held tightly in place under her vagina. Amy, who was a squirter when she came, had more juice than any woman he had ever been with. She seemed to constantly be oozing more and more cum by the second.

"Hmm... I think I may keep you like this everyday." She said as she felt his tongue and lips working over her clit. 

She noticed that she became even more moist than usual. Maybe it was the control she had over this supposed stud that had her going so strong she thought. Her cum flowed more and more down into his mouth and in a muffled response he whimpered and begged her to let him stop. Her thighs were so hot and his jaw was getting very tired.

"Swallow it, my good boy. You have no choice, because I'm not giving you one," Amy moaned.

Because he had no choice and was under her spell he obeyed, he was also turned on. He felt her warm, sticky juices as they slowly flowed into his mouth and down his throat. Amy told him to swallow every drop of her cum, while calling him a good boy over and over again; making him even more aroused each time. Amy reached back with one hand and began stroking his dick in her small hand. She did not want him to cum, so she would only do it a couple of times and then stop. She felt her orgasm coming on and at first Mike thought she was peeing on him with the amount of fluid that was coming out of her. She lowered her crotch away from his face and sat on his stomach looking down at him. After about 10 seconds he thought she was finished and she would release him, but he soon became aware of how wrong he was.

"Oh, did I forget to mention that after I have one orgasm, I have many more right behind it? Hmm... I guess not. The bad news for you, my boy, is that I cum hard with each one, and I'm going to make you swallow all of it," Amy said, and then she smiled down at him. 

He saw in her smile and eyes that she truly cared about him; however, she was going to teach him a lesson about control though and she was not going to let him control the situation. Maybe another day she would, but not tonight. Mike looked into her eyes and begged. "Please let me go, ma'am. I promise I will not go anywhere and you can have your way with me." 

"Sorry cowboy you belong to me!"

Then he struggled with the ropes, using all his might, but it was useless. He was trapped, and that only aroused Amy further. Those knots only tightened more when he pulled on them and he finally just gave up. She figured he had enough of a break so she got up off of him and turned around. She stuck her ass in his face and commanded him to start licking her pussy again. He started sucking her engorged clit into his mouth like a small cock. Amy had large pussy lips and an even larger clit when it was aroused. She gave his dick a few licks to keep him hoping, but she mostly just closed her eyes and enjoyed what Mike was doing to her. He even would lick her anus a few times and she really got even more excited. More of her cum flowed down his throat for the few minutes, and the more of it she told him swallow, the more helpless Mike felt to her. He felt so controlled, and he could not believe the things that this once seemingly shy woman was doing to him. Amy visualized and felt her cum going down his throat and it made her even more aroused.

After Amy finished and satisfied with his performance, she turned over Mike's helpless body until she was squatting on his pubic area, with her thighs on either side of Mike's hips. Amy put one hand on his stomach and she lifted her small frame up until it hovered over his waiting hard cock. Amy did not lower herself onto his penis. She parted her pussy lips, exposing her clit, with her fingers and then moved her hips slowly forward and back so that her clit was keeping constant contact with Mike's cock. Her pussy glided ever so slowly along Mike's hard shaft. He had the feeling that this was Amy's way to prove to him that she again was in control. At the same time she was able to arouse herself further. After a few minutes she felt it was time to take this a step further. Amy stopped rubbing her pussy against Mike's cock and she then took his hard penis in her hand, and told him that she was going to ride him now. Mike begged Amy to untie him and let him really fuck her; however, Amy just smiled at him, and slowly sat down on his very hard and wide penis, until it was deeply inside of her. Amy then squeezed his cock very hard with her vagina muscles. Not hard enough to hurt him, but it was hard enough that should could feel her pussy tightly clenching him in its grasp. Amy held it hard before slowly relaxing, demonstrating to Mike the fine control she had over her vaginal muscles. Mike had the feeling that she must have practiced this technique a lot using a dildo or something else to squeeze on inside of her vagina until she had such control over her pussy. Amy squeezed him tightly like that a few more times, and with each squeeze, she felt his penis becoming harder inside of her.

Amy then started to very slowly ride him up and down, with her pussy's juices coating his cock a little more with each slow stroke, and he begged her to stop. Mike thought that it felt like she were gently raping him and this made him even harder for some reason. The fucking Amy was giving him seemed to be done to him against his will this aroused Mike greatly. Amy loved the control she had and she was on fire by it as well. Her pussy seemed to become wetter and wetter by the second. Mike felt like he could lose control at any second and pleaded with Amy to let him cum inside of her. She smiled, and told him that she would, but in her own time. He whimpered then, and grew as hard as he'd ever been inside of her as he realized he had no choice. Amy seemed to be able to tell how aroused Mike was and how close he was to cumming and she decided she wanted to keep him at the point of climax. She held his cock deep inside of her without moving for almost 5 minutes. If she thought he was getting close she would lift her pussy completely off of his until he started to cool down. Then she would lower herself back down on to Mike's cock. Being unable to push himself into Amy was both incredible and frustrating at the same time. Mike was completely under her control and this encounter seemed to last forever. Amy loved the feeling when she contacted his cock inside of her. Each time she did it sent a pleasure way to her clit. She decided she better let the poor guy finally have his orgasm. She told him to open his eyes and look at her.
