 (thanks to everyone for the feedback and I apologize for the delay in getting this installment done. There's still more to come. I hope this was worth the wait.)

...we snuck out of the theatre, still a little flushed and inspired by what had just transpired. You looked back at me as if to say, "how are the legs, honey?" I saw the wink you flashed as you scurried just out of my reach, evading the pinch that your bottom was about to receive. On the way home, your hand strayed across the seat, over to my thigh and then up to my crotch where you started stroking and squeezing me...feeling my semi-hard cock. You lean over and start whispering evil, wicked and delicious things, knowing how I loved hearing them. I had heard you talk to me before and spin tales of sensuality and eroticism, but somehow this was different. I knew that you weren't finished with me; not by a long shot. Somehow that made things even more exciting and I could feel my cock stirring back to fullness as you kept up your touches.

Even before we had the door open, you were kissing me and clutching at me, drawing me deeper into your passion. Somehow me managed to kiss and wriggle out of our clothes, throwing them off as we made our way into the bathroom. We paused only to turn the water on, kissing and touching as we waited for the temperature to rise. I felt so completely alive and aroused, even though you had just brought me to orgasm in the theatre a short time ago. I was swollen, hard and aching. I felt your skin against mine, still in awe of its silkiness to the touch. I moaned as I felt your hard nipples brush across my chest before I felt you press yourself against me. I could still feel some of my cum on your skin, and the room was filling with that heady, musky scent that often lingered in our bedroom after some of our more intense lovemaking.

You pulled the curtain back, pulled the lever for the shower and felt your hand on my chest, pushing me back, saying, "not just yet, lover...let me get all cleaned up for you." I blinked in surprise at first, then smiled a little and sat back on the stool near the tub. You looked at me as you let the water wash over your skin. Your hands followed the water trailing down your neck, over youre breasts, running off the nipples...down your stomach and between your legs. Your hands began to move of their own accord after you reached for the soap and your shower puff and you started to lather your skin up...I could hear your little moans over the rush of the water as you touched all the right places. It was all I could do not to touch my cock as I savoured this little scene being played out before my eyes. I sat, transfixed, fuelled as much by my love for you as for the raw eroticism of the moment.

The water cascaded over your skin as you rinsed the lather from your skin. I could feel the blood coursing through my veins as I anguished about not being able to touch you. I stood up and moved to join you, but you stopped me and said with a smile, "I'm not all clean just yet." You stepped back out of the water and reached for your razor and the shave gel. I felt my knees grow weak and felt my cock pulse as I watched you slowly, sensuously spread the lather over your sex, your hands making almost hypnotic movements across your skin and over the faint traces of hair. With practiced movements, the razor flicks and strokes, leaving your skin bare, fresh, and tingling. You eye me occasionally as I squirm on my seat. Sometimes you have allowed me to do this most imtimate task for you, but to watch you as you leave your pussy smooth and bare is a new experience and more erotic than I would have imagined.

Finally, you finish and you flash me a wicked smile as you let one hand slowly caress your pussy while the other hand traces upwards to touch a breast. You then point your finger towards me and give me the "come here" gesture. I stand up, not quite trusting my knees. You've aroused me well beyond anything we have ever done before. I step under the shower stream, I take you into my arms, and kiss you deeply. "Baby," you whisper in my ear when you gently break off our kiss. "I hope you're ready for more, because I'm still not done with you yet."

(...to be continued...) 