 Note: Woohoo! I got so much positive feedback during the last couple of weeks while I was writing this. Sorry it took me a while, but I'm sure you can all understand that school is taking up more and more time as "mid" terms are transitioning into final projects and exams. The feedback made this thing happen - every comment I got prompted me to write another page because I'm a gullible egoist. Is it bad that I re-read basically all the comments like once a week? Cuz if this is a problem, I'm developing a bad habit.

Thanks again to my two wonderful volunteer editors, you have then to thank for this story being palatable, and one even helped me co-write part of a Lindsay bathroom scene.

So, to all of you who asked for some smut with Lindsay and revenge on Lauren, here you go! You're welcome.

----------------

The room went quiet as Aria walked in and Lauren stormed out. Apparently, she wasn't happy that Lindsay had brought her to the party. Well, that worked fine for Aria - looks like she could get away without doing any party prep. Aria sat in the backyard while the other girls poured drinks or vacuumed or something. What even goes into party prep, besides getting a shit-load of beer? Aria guessed it must be like a pre-party? Maybe that was why Lauren was so upset to have Aria show up out of the blue uninvited.

The three inside were joined by others, and Aria enjoyed sunbathing in the setting sunlight on a lawn chair by the pool. Soon enough, the handful of girls became a group of teens. The group became a crowd and loud music popped on. The crowd swelled and streamed outside, and soon enough a party was in full swing.

Aria spotted Joey wheeling a keg out onto the patio, and Aria went over to say hi. She had been enjoying toying with certain people of the popular clique using her time powers, and Joey was one of them. She struck up a conversation with him, and whenever he looked her in the eyes or said her name, or she brushed up on him, she made sure to freeze time and stimulate his senses.

To Joey, Aria was swiftly becoming the most magnificent creature to grace God's green Earth. Every smile and touch of hers brought him exceeding joy and positive vibes (and some at-times uncomfortable swelling in the genital region). Aria had been in his fantasies the last couple of nights, sucking his cock and crying in pleasure under him while he pounded into her wet pussy and kissed her sweet lips (that had been choking on his dick earlier, of course), and now here she was in front of him all tied up in a silky red dress. He wanted to unwrap her like a present. His eyes strained to focus on her beautiful blues, and were fighting against the urge to sink and take in her luscious shapes.

"Playing Lauren's henchman, I see. How'd she get you to do her grunt-work?" Joey felt an ucky poke in his gut at her mention of Lauren. He suddenly realized how easily he kowtowed to her, and he didn't even actually like her. Well - he used to lust after her and had flirted with Lauren plenty of times, but you could say since then he had seen the light. 

"Well, you know. I'm a nice guy. I like to help."

"That's good of you." A warmth filled him at her compliment. "I kind of used to think that everyone in Lauren's friend group was awful. But at least Lindsay and you have me surprised."

"Is it a nice surprise?"

Aria had to pause time just to think of what to say. Not that it was a particularly difficult question, but to realize that she was flirting. With a guy. A pretty cute guy. Maybe a bit of a jock or a popular lackey, but he wasn't terrible - he seemed to be a genuinely nice person. And he was interested in her. He was definitely interested, she thought as she glanced down. But she wondered if it was genuine or not. She made him attracted to her. She didn't earn this.

Well, maybe a little. She was alright, right? And she looked damn good in this dress, even though it made her a little uncomfortable. He would... He would like her anyways, right? If she had met him normally, and hadn't manipulated time (and him)? Aria touched his cheek and peered into his eyes. Had he been looking at her? Or through her? Or, more likely, at her breasts?

He had blue eyes.

Aria leaned into him, and pulled him into a hug. His body was warm. He was built - like a football player would be - and Aria smiled into his shoulder. Sure he was built, but right now Aria figured he was built for hugging. He was probably a big old softie.

Aria squeezed him tighter, closing her eyes. She didn't even know him. He could be the zodiac killer for all she knew - well maybe not. He didn't look like Ted Cruz. But she really didn't know his personality. He could be an asshole or thea pope, a romantic or a goofball, not that Aria had paid attention to know for sure which - other than that she liked him a little so far. Aria had used him, and others, to worm her way into the high school popular scene with no regards to him or Lindsay or anyone. They were people too.

Aria stepped back and resumed time again, about to reassure him that it was definitely a good surprise to meet him and that she wanted to get to know him better, when Lauren burst out onto the patio.

Lauren eyed Aria and Joey and the keg. Loudly, so that the partygoers could hear over the music (which was not yet deafening, since the party was only getting started), began a faux caring rant directed at her newfound nemesis.

"Aria! You can't drink! Think about the baby! Like, I know it's really hard for you right now being a pregnant teen but like you have to make sure you're taking care of the life inside of you, you know? You can't just drink away your problems! Joey, get that keg away from her, it's really challenging her right now and she doesn't need that kind of pressure."

So this is what it's like to 'see red' metaphorically speaking. It was kind of like looking at an inhuman bastard like Lauren and imagining her on fire. Aria's eloquent and witty retort was made by delicately shouting "I'm NOT pregnant!" at Lauren, which (and you may pick up on some sarcasm here) really made her sound like she was telling the truth.

"Shhh! Honey, it's nothing to be ashamed about. I'm totally not judging you. Right, Joey?"

Two faces redirected their glares at the poor bystander, who was very torn. You would think Joey was the one with time powers by the sheer amount of thoughts that rushed through his head at this moment to be sorted through. He normally would get out of the way and enjoy the cat-fight unfurling in front of him from a distance, but he had this weird urge to stand up for Aria. He wanted to protect her, hold her close to him and make sure nothing and no one could hurt her. He felt like he had a memory of...like the future?...or him holding her tightly, her head buried in his chest and his nose buried in her hair, trying to let her feel how much he...cared? And, let's say she was pregnant, because he wasn't really sure since it was Lauren who said it but he had heard several girls say that Aria had been puking in the girls room and they could probably all have coordinated the rumor but also why would they, I mean Aria wasn't even considered popular or important a few days ago. Also he didn't want to get into a conflict. He had enough shit to deal with right now anyways, between school and football and SATs and ACTs and scholarships and maybe a football scholarship if he was good enough, plus he hadn't gotten much sleep last night thanks to compulsively wrangling the one eyed snake since this blonde chick sat at their lunch table yesterday who was maybe pregnant with some dude and he didn't even know if she was single or not but she was pretty and damn she had them titties and he used to think he was more of an ass man but he may have been converted, not to say that Aria didn't have a spectacular rear, he just hadn't seen her bend over yet so if that happened he might have to switch back to his former ass-tit preference and holy shit Lauren was scary with that beauty mark that was maybe a mole but she had enough makeup on that he was never entirely sure and she was staring him down and Aria damn she looked pissed too he should do something and maybe that something is to run away but Aria's eyes are shining and really she can't have done anything wrong maybe so...

"Lauren, leave her alone." Yeah. Joey nodded inwardly. Situation resolved.

Pfft, Aria thought. Some help he was.

"What? I'm just helping her. You should be more attentive, Joey, if she had gotten drunk from the beer you've got there, it would be kind your fault too if she got fetal alcohol syndrome. Are you ready for that kind of responsibility or blame? No. I don't think so. Now shove off. Don't worry, I'll take care of Aria AND her baby. Aria, do you need a ride home?" Lauren was still being obnoxiously loud, not that she had to be. Everyone was paying attention, most of them not even having the courtesy to pretend that they weren't.

Aria threw her shoulders back and said again, firmly "I am NOT having a baby, Lauren. So shut up about it already."

"You're getting an abortion?! Are you sure that's a good idea? Did you ask the baby daddy? Or is the dad the one making you do this? Or you just don't want your parents to find out? Don't worry, we'll support you." Lauren put on a sweet pout, her lower lip trembling at the force she was putting into the pout. Aria was surprised that anyone could make a pout look aggressive. Maybe she was just imagining it... or not. 

"What the hell, Lauren? I was never pregnant and you know it. Stop making this shit up!"

"But honey, you know we saw the pregnancy test."

"What?"

"You know, the one you took after you had morning sickness in the bathroom. You left your pregnancy test behind. Me and the girls all saw it. Right, Ashleigh?" On of the spectators nodded furiously. Aria made a mental note to add 'Ashleigh' to her shit list.

"I never took a pregnancy test. That's a lie!" Aria said it more for the crowd's benefit than a plea for Lauren to take it back. This had gone too far.

Lauren smirked. This was going perfectly. Aria was flailing about helplessly and in vain. No one can stop the flames of a rumor. Turns out, not even a freaking time wizard.

"You really should have used protection. For all you know, you probably have an STD now. Like, you should get screened for AIDS or some shit after all that whoring around. Even sluts know how to use condoms."

Again, Aria managed to quell her anger and compose a striking and rational response. Aria said, "YOU'RE A FUCKING BITCH WHORE, LAUREN. YOU LYING SACK OF SHIT," and then slapped her.

"Oh my god! What the hell is it with you and slapping?" Lauren clutched her face, backing off from Aria. Offended as Lauren was, and the slap did fucking hurt, she was almost a little happy. Aria had just sealed her fate. For the next six months at least, Aria would be the pregnant slut and outcast from her group. It's her own damn fault for trying to steal my friends.

"AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAYIAYIUUIYIYYYYYYIIYAYIIAAAA!!" A screetch sounded from behind and suddenly something was clinging to Lauren's back and was pulling at her hair. The pair tumbled to the ground scratching and shrieking and Aria stood frozen at the sight of Lindsay fighting against the people trying to pull her off of Lauren.

"Get off of me! I'll kill the bitch!" Lindsay was a wild thing, kicking pulling down the interlopers, charging at Lauren. Ashleigh, the 'yes-man' in the crowd who had been with Lauren in the bathroom that fateful day when Aria discovered her powers, 'teleported' to a bathroom stall and vomited; ran in with some other bimbo to help Lauren up, when Lindsay broke free and plowed into them. 

Aria saw that Lindsay was outnumbered, and leapt into the fray, trying to shove Lauren and Co. off of her friend and newfound hero. Around them, the crowd had begun to chant "Fight! Fight! Fight!" Someone managed to connect an elbow to Aria's face, and Joey re-emerged from the crowd to protect Aria. Joey immediately regretted that decision as Lauren herself kicked him in the groin and he keeled over in suffering. Ashleigh was pulling on lindsay's hair and that other random bimbo was waving around one of her heels trying to look like she was actually doing something to help Lauren's side in the fight. 

Aria punched Lauren in the chest, hitting her square in the boob. Instead of Lauren clutching herself in pain (which is what most girls would do - a boob-shot is almost like a ball-shot after all) Aria's fist kind of bounced off of it like it was gelatin, and as her arm swung back her nails caught onto the fabric of Ashleigh's top, knocking the girl out of balance. Ashleigh tumbled, her leg striking the back of Lauren's leg and bringing her to her knees. The random bimbo was desperately signalling some other girls in the crowd to jump in and help. Lindsay yanked her the bimbo's hair so that the bimbo fell into the other girls who were scrambling to get up. Lindsay nodded at Aria for some reason and then practically swan dove into the mix. Aria shrugged and prepared herself to lunge in when Joey reached out and caught her wrist, preventing her from going in.

Aria tried to tug free from Joey's hold but was distracted by the crowd parting and a tall, dark haired boy broke through with a small gatorade cooler, which he raised and dumped on the four girls kicking, biting, scratching, and squealing on the ground. A cascade of ice water doused the girls, who screamed. The crowd cheered as they all scooted away from each other and gaped in disbelief at the cold and - even worse - their ruined outfits. Lauren and the two other brawlers shrieked and headed inside to dry off, leading a small herd of curious onlookers with their cries of "Oh my god, oh my fucking god," trumpeting their way.

Aria pulled Joey up to his feet. He stood with his legs buckled in an odd position, but he was looking Aria up and down with concern, scouring her body for injury. Joey sighed in relief as he saw none. Then, with an "OOF" he was knocked to the floor again as bawling Lindsay embraced Aria in a cold, wet hug, and sobbed into her shoulder.

Aria rubbed her crying ally's back and looked over to the guy who interfered. Devon was chuckling nervously and reluctantly accepting high fives and pats on the back. Slowly but surely, the audience dissipated and went back to partying. It was dark, there was music, there was booze, there was a lot more debauchery waiting to be done and the buzzed guests were anxious to get to it.

Aria lead Lindsay inside, wrapping her arms around her shivering form, looking back to see Devon helping Joey up. It was different from friendly, though. As Devon pulled Joey up they both had steely looks in their eyes.

The first bathroom Aria and Lindsay came to had grunting noises coming out of it and drunk listeners outside of it. They headed deeper into the house looking for stairs. Aria noticed Hannah drinking wine from a very expensive looking bottle and dancing on a table in the living room, surrounded by other dancers quick on their way to drunksville.

"Hannah!" Aria called.

"What?" Hannah called back, shimmying and sloshing some wine onto her hand that clasped the neck of the bottle.

"Hannah, we need you!"

"UUUGH!" Hannah brought the bottle to her lips and raised it vertically, chugging wine for a good five seconds before stepping off the coffee table and hop-stepping over to the pair with a goofy grin on her face.

"We need a bathroom." Lindsay nodded against Aria's chest, still sobbing.

"Upstairs!" Hannah indicated with her bottle towards the stairs.

"We can't run into Lauren!" Aria added.

Hannah, too many drinks in to question it, said "Don't worry about it. This house is huge! YUGE. BIGLY YUGE." Aria didn't know it at that moment, but would later find out in a text from Lindsay that Hannah's family were huge conservative Trump supporters and that Hannah had more than once commented that she would let a man that rich "grab her by the pussy ANYTIME." Aria would find this very distasteful, but realizing her own track record dismissed it with a "To each their own."

The trio made their way up the stairs and managed to find a bathroom unoccupied by Aria's nemesis, kicking out the horny couple making out in the bathtub before locking the door behind them. Aria grabbed the hand towel by the sink and lead Lindsay to sit on the toilet. Hannah sat on the edge of the tub, and lifted her bottle, offering a sip to Aria and Lindsay. Aria shook her head, and Lindsay didn't look at all. She was crying into her hands. Hannah's shrugged and took another swig. 

"So wtf happened?"

Aria patted Lindsay's wet exposed skin of her neck and arms dry with the soft towel. Aria softly towelled Lindsay's hair as she replied. "There was a fight."

"In the pool?"

"No, on the patio. Lauren and I had an argument and it just kind of happened. Are there any more towels in the cupboard over there?"

"I dunno. Probably." Hannah kicked off her heels and examined her pedicure.

Aria sighed and walked across the room to the cupboard herself. Was Hannah either so dumb she didn't hear the request implied by her question, or was she really that big of a bitch? Aria grabbed a full sized towel and knelt in front of Lindsay again.

"So who won?" Hannah asked.

"No one"

"So... Lauren won, then."

"No, she didn't."

"Well, from where I'm sitting it kinda looks like you lost." It was true. Their clothes were disheveled and soaked, their hair and makeup a complete mess.

Lindsay wiped her nose on her arm. "Can you give me a tissue?"

Aria ripped some toilet paper off the roll next to them and handed it to Lindsay.

"Umm, I asked for tissue paper?" Lindsay's confused and watery eyes met Aria's.

Aria looked around and located a tissue box by the sink and brought it over to Lindsay. Lindsay blew her nose and took a deep breath. Then she broke out into sobs again.

"What is it, Lindsay? Are you hurt? Are you okay?" 

"No, it's just that - It's okay, I just don't..." She seemed lost for words. Lindsay would never have betrayed her friend like that before. Like, Lauren was a total bitch but they had been hot bitches together and that was like a sacred bond or something. And over the last few days she had been feeling these things that she had never felt for a girl before but for Aria. And Aria was pretty cute, sure, but she wasn't exactly Squad material. They'd only been friends for a few days. But it swept Lindsay up like a storm. From the first time they interacted in history class Lindsay had been crushing hard on Aria. And she was pretty much straight, right? Like, she had made out with other girls before at parties like this but it was always to get a reaction from the boys. I mean, she found girls hot because who wouldn't, but also like, what? Lindsay had even been in fights before, like when that total tramp Stacy was all over her ex-boyfriend. But you know, back then Lauren totally had her back after Lindsay had gotten high with Stacy, hit her and busted her whore lip and then later Lauren spread the word that Stacy had mouth herpes so Lindsay got away with it.

For some reason, Lindsay was having a hard time articulating all that. So instead of saying it with words, she said it with tears.

Aria was uncomfortable. She had never really been a social creature, and was way out of her depth here. She wasn't even sure she liked these people, but she found herself sucked into their world. Aria didn't know how to handle this, so she just kept drying Lindsay off, even though at this point it wasn't helping. Aria could feel the thumping of the muffled music through the floor, not registering Hannah's voice gossiping about the last time she or someone or whatever was in a fight. Lindsay shook.
