 She so frequently stayed late working on the end of year reports that the staff knew when to leave her well enough alone. She would open the conference room and pile the books and binders, charts and loose papers on the credenza. Then she would have maintenance wheel in a computer with table, back most of the chairs against the walls and she would get to work.

The office would fill up around her and empty out without her. Security knew to keep an extra eye out, but that she normally would work until the early hours of the morning.

The binders were spread across the table. The papers in piles on the credenza. The computer was up and spreadsheets open. She was all business. She heard, with a part of herself, the other rooms empty. The time was passing and she could only be pleased with her progress.

She had no idea of the time when she heard a soft noise. It was the new bookkeeper. Well, he'd been here nearly four months already, but that still counted as new. She wished she had worn something a little nicer, but knowing she would be working late and moving boxes, she'd gone with the plainer outfit. Just a black skirt, medium length, a button up long sleeve top and a hair ribbon.

"Can I do anything to help?"

She considered him. He was attracting a lot of attention throughout the office. The women were naturally gossipy anyway, but when you have an attractive male who keeps to himself and ignores the attempts to get his time, the talk takes an upswing. Men might appreciate a challenge, but nobody takes to one like a woman.

He'd even brushed off the office princess, Yolanda. After that, he was proclaimed gay and they moved on to other topics.

She considered him again. Well dressed, well groomed. Yeah, probably gay. Anyone who didn't at least want to brush against Yolanda's chest was probably not into women at all. She had to admit to herself that she had thoughts about that one on occasion. She blushed a little.

"I go through this every year. Just the annual reports. Nothing to worry about."

He looked at her and she felt again that she should have worn something a little nicer. For some reason, she could feel a blush starting on the tops of her breasts. She lowered her eyes, but knew right away that she shouldn't have. There, staring her in the face was a decent size bulge in his slacks. As she looked and realized what she was seeing, she noticed a stirring. She raised her eyes reluctantly.

He was looking right through her. "I've always had to prepare most of these and just submit them to be checked over. I've never known an administrator to actually do the work before. I'm impressed." This last he added quietly and dropped his gaze slightly to the base of her throat.

It appeared he was impressed with that as well and she felt the redness moving up her neck. The top button was undone and she could feel the skin exposed. Her breasts even gave a gentle heave and she knew the rounded tops were bulging.

"Well, if you're used to it and know what we need, maybe you can help." She had no idea what had made her say that. There was an insistent tingling in her groin and she dropped her eyes momentarily. In that bit of time, she saw a more urgent stirring in his groin as well.

"Hmmm." She thought. "Maybe he's not gay after all. Or he's bi." She pointed out the piles. "This is for the compensation reports. This is the income. This is the non compensated time and this is the facilities. Which do you want first?"

"I can start with the compensation since I just did a follow through for the year end." His hand brushed against her arm as he passed to the other side. It left chill marks.

"Good. I'm nearly done with the facilities report. After that, I'll start on the non compensated time." She was already setting everything aside and getting back to business.

He worked in silence. She would look over and see him leafing through papers or entering notations. She had to admire his work and his effort. The times she checked over his work, it was flawless. Their arms brushed a few more times over those hours and each time the touch left pimples in its wake.

She was impressed and proud of how much they'd accomplished when he stretched and looked at the clock. Already it was nearing eleven. "This is so much easier with help. I've never had that before."

"I never have either. Usually it's just one person to do all this per company." He smiled and the warmth filled her and flooded her panties. Despite all the girl's talk, she'd never really noticed how very attractive he was before.

There was a deep coloring to his eyes that made her flush again. She'd been without sex for a while and was realizing it fully. A stab of impatience in her groin followed by a warmth and wetness she found welcoming.

"Why don't we go ahead and stop for tonight? We can leave it like this and finish tomorrow. We're nearly two thirds done." She placed the finished items in one pile and the unfinished in another. She was nearly weak with want. Working closely with him had reminded her of the things she was missing. Her mind flashed on a hardened cock and the way it feels in her mouth. She licked her lips and dropped her eyes.

As though reading her thoughts, she saw his pants tighten. When she looked back up, his eyes had deepened their color even further. His breathing had an edge to it that couldn't yet be called ragged, but was certainly strained. Unless he had socks in his underwear, he was packing a nice sized tool and it was enjoying the view. The second button had fallen open somewhere along the line. This was an old shirt and it did that. Now she found it both slightly embarrassing and enhancing.

She subconsciously reached up and realized her cleavage was open to her sternum and the top of her bra was probably showing. She felt the flush creeping up from her navel this time and sat. Folding into the leather of the conference room chair was a major mistake she realized just after she settled -- if she had wanted to keep any resistance to him.

She found herself at eye level to his rapidly expanding crotch and, more, in a placement that gave him an excellent look down the front of her shirt. She viewed the situation critically, felt a rush of warmth and gratitude from her groin and decided she would take what might "cum" at her. She leaned forward enough to separate the cloth from her body and allow an unobstructed vision of her bosom and the holder, her lace sea foam green bra. At the same time, she gazed openly -- even brazenly -- through her lashes at first his growing member, then into his eyes after traveling clearly the length of his body.

His eyes deepened more and she could tell he took more than a hint from her posturing.

"You must be tired." His voice had a husk to it that definitely had not been there earlier. "You've been at this awhile."

He moved just to the side of the chair, at the edge of her vision and placed his hands gently on her shoulders. He began to knead them knowingly. As she leaned back, she felt a steel rod at the side of the chair that had absolutely not been there before. She sighed.

His hands moved up her neck and back. Then up into her hair. He tugged the hair in bunches and massaged the scalp until she closed her eyes, lost in the sensation. There was a flooding and a warmth in her crotch that had nothing to do with the feelings and everything to do with the thought of what would come next.

She was imagining him turning her in the chair and kissing her. Reaching his hands into her shirt and taking her nipples one by one, turning them between his fingers and making them stiffen. She could already feel his lips moving down her neck and opening her buttons wide, throwing her chest bare to him and the room. She had wild thoughts moving her beyond the room and its stark enclosure.

As his fingers dug just deep enough into her muscles, then his palms smoothed across the skin, her mind soared into scenes where his hands pressured her head further onto his pole and speared her, lifting her fully from the ground, pushing her up against the wall and filling her completely.

The warmth was a radiant heat and the moisture was a steady flow when she moved just back across space to reality and felt his hands squeezing now her shoulders, now her upper arms, now her elbows and back up. His hands rested on her shoulders and his fingers traced her clavicles, bringing a sound from her more than a sigh and barely less than a moan.

His fingers worked their way over her chest, making it swell and ache to burst free of the shirt. Making her breasts ache to bounce free of their harness. She wanted his fingers surrounding her nipples, hefting the weights. She wanted to feel her bosom pressed against his bare chest and she began a turn into him that he stopped by pressing her chest back into the leather of the chair. It made her moan openly.

His fingers barely touched her as they undid two more buttons. They brushed along the slopes of her heaving, swollen mounds as he made his way back to her shoulders. Her shirt lay open to her navel and she felt her skin burning. He tugged at the lapels, untucking the rest of it from her skirt and began to slide his hands back down.

"Your skin feels so soft and smooth." He whispered in her ears, bringing goose bumps down her neck. His lips just touched the softest part of her nape and brushed her hairline. She let a moan slide between her lips and he nibbled with his lips firmly on her neck. It made her gasp.

His forearms slid between her globes as he undid the last buttons on her blouse and his elbows pressured her back into the cushion. He brought the shirt up, rolling it toward her wrists. Too late, she realized he hadn't undone the buttons on the cuffs, but he brought the back over the chair and down until it locked her wrists at her sides. This was a surprise she wasn't ready for, but before she could struggle too much, his hands encircled her breasts while his fingers pinched her nipples.

She gasped with surprise, moaned with pleasure and squirmed with need all at the same time. The immobilization of her arms heightened the feeling of newness and exotic sensation and though she showed a struggle, it was more a squirming and pushing into his hands. They felt so incredibly good on her soft, swollen, aching boobs!

Pushing against his hands as she squirmed in her seat made the calloused edges of his palms rub the tender undersides. Her moans came louder and more persistent now and she felt a tingling added to the warmth in her center. Her pussy lips spread wide and juices were flowing freely from her as his hands felt and kneaded and enjoyed her. At some point, her bra had been unhooked and hung open.

His hands moved surely around her torso and slid down her back as his mouth once again came to her ear and thrilled her. "I love my hands on your tits. I can't wait to have my mouth on them." His voice was more than a whisper. A dry, husky copy of his speaking voice and all the more alluring for that.

"I'm going to suck your nipples into my mouth one at a time. Take your tits between my lips bit by bit." He was describing everything she wanted.

Her moans were involuntary now and continual. She didn't even notice her inability to use her hands and probably would not have been able to effectively had she the freedom anyway. His fingers delicately prodded the muscles along her spine and wandered, seemingly aimlessly, lower and lower. When they got to the meeting of her flesh with the cloth of her skirt, they dipped inside the covering and delighted the bare skin there before moving back out.

He was tugging at the clasp and then the zipper before she fully realized he meant to take it off just as she was, tied to the chair. She squirmed against the chair. The soft leather, plush and comfortable, served to keep her from tugging successfully against the shirt binding her wrists to the sides.

His hands worked the cotton over the roundness of her ass, grasping and squeezing as they went. She imagined them grabbing and rubbing as he pulled her into him and onto his pole. When the skirt -- and the panties with it -- were at her mid thigh, he stood and looked her over with glazed eyes. There was such lust there, she shivered with anticipation and returned the look with interest.

His fingers worked at the buttons of his shirt and he dropped it at her feet as she felt a new rush of moisture from her sex. He was driving her mad and she wondered that she wouldn't cum just from the excitement. He unzipped his pants slowly and carefully. Undoubtedly because of the strain on the fabric, but possibly to entice her further. His cock was ready to burst free when he lowered his pants and boxers and let them fall in a pile at his ankles.

She gasped. She hadn't seen anything so welcome in a long time and wanted to touch it with her fingers, wrap them around the base and slide up and down. She wanted her lips around the head and her tongue gliding over the smooth, sensitive underside. Her breasts heaved and she felt another rush of molten liquid between her legs.

He kicked the clothes from around his ankles and dropped to his knees. His hands found their way to her thighs and stroked down past her knees, kneading and caressing as they went. As his fingers felt along her calves, his lips found her knees and kissed from the outer part to the inner, sweetly and seductively.

As his lips began nibbling their way slowly up the inner part of her thighs, she felt him push the linen of his shirt over her ankle and button the cuff. Even realizing what he intended to do couldn't take away from the exquisite delight of his mouth moving inexorably toward her delicacy. She wanted his mouth on her with a want so full that it was taking her every thought and feeling.

As his mouth moved thigh to thigh, up closer, driving her to madness, she felt the shirtsleeve on her other ankle. It occurred to her, then, that he wouldn't be able to reach her to take her with his hardness and she wanted that as much or more than his lips. she wanted him to impale her and drive his stiffness completely inside her. The moans were escaping her at a steady rate now, more like a chanting and his mouth was so near to her clit she could feel his breath blowing across her swollen lips.

She squirmed, pushing her pussy out to meet him, trying to scoot her ass forward but she found herself barely able to move. The shirt had been wrapped around the stem of the chair and would pull her back as she tried to find purchase and shove her steaming pussy out at him. It was frustrating her and making her all the more desperate. She groaned and tried to gain some control.

"How are you going to fuck me if you keep me like this?" She gave him her most seductive look through half closed lashes. "Don't you want to bury that bone? Shove it in my wet little pussy?"

He paused in his movements and she squirmed. He'd been so close to placing his mouth over her. Without a word, however, he flicked his tongue out and licked. A firm, distinct flick of his tongue, forcing through the swollen lips, up through the point where they overlap to protect the sensitive nub and over the entire clit, leaving it with a tugging sensation. It threw her into convulsions. She tried to move and for the first time realized how thoroughly she was tied to the chair. Her movements were so limited she had to just sit and take the jolt of electricity. And the next, as his tongue forced its way up over her clit a second time. And a third. And a fourth.

With distinct, purposeful licks, he pushed right through into bliss. She came in a loud, thrashing shudder that yanked all sense from her and drained her of any other thoughts but that of knowing she needed his cock in her.

"Please fuck me." She gasped. It was incredible to hear herself so wanton in need. A rarity for her to lose control at all, let alone so completely.

"Fuck me. Stick your cock in me and ram it all the way. Please fuck me." The last she'd practically yelled as he pulled away from her. One hand began reaching under the chair and the other moved up under her ass, soaked and slick with her own juices. She tried to gasp, tried to tell him she'd never cum like that before, but it was useless. It came out as moans and wracking breaths.

The chair suddenly gave way and she found herself lying nearly level, facing the ceiling and her legs pushed open wide by the posture change. She hardly had time to gasp or to grasp what had happened before he had her moving forward onto his cock. Now the head was in her. He'd somehow lifted her ass forward so that he could slide under her knees and shove into her. In one swift, sure motion he buried his length to the hilt. She could feel his pubic hairs against her labia and the fullness within.

His cock was pulsating in a rhythm and he shoved deeper before withdrawing halfway and ramming it back even further. He was pounding her so hard it was taking what little breath from her she had left.

She felt him lurch and harden even more than he already was. She was lost in another of many orgasms that had forced themselves on her back to back and when he yelled out and she felt the pumping of his jism spewing into her, she came yet again.

She was panting and wanted nothing more than to curl up and sleep when he lifted away from her and began taking off her bindings. He lifted her softly into his arms and kissed her lips until she began to squirm anew. This time he laid her across the conference table and, when she found herself in the throes of utter arousal, she pushed him over and straddled him until the both came in jolts and shudders and loud callings.

Somewhere along the line, night had nearly passed and they were just able to straighten their clothing enough to get to their cars. They would, each of them, have little more time than to go home, shower and begin the return trip, but they would neither of them regret the lost hours of sleep and another wakeful night was sure to come.