 Thanks to Kat

 “… don’t forget to do the assignments, have a nice vacation, and stop sending me dirty e-mail.”

The students all laughed at my daily “end-of-class” comment as the bell rang, signaling the end of the school day, and the beginning of October break.

I was finishing some last-minute paperwork, when the classroom phone rang.

“Hello?”

“Mr. O’Shea? It’s Ms. Samson from the front office”

“Oh, hey, Kelly. I’m finishing up those forms you asked for.”

“Good to hear, Mike. Um, you’ve got a couple visitors. I’m sending them down to your classroom.”

“Visitors?”

“…Yeah. I’m sending them down now,” followed by a loud click.

I stared at the phone, surprised by the tone in the head secretary’s voice. This was my first year teaching, and while I was still learning my way around, I had made it a point to get along with the secretaries, especially the head secretary, Ms. Samson.. For some reason, she sounded seriously agitated. Who had shown up, that would put her in such a foul mood? 

I walked into the hallway, determined to catch my “visitors” on their way to my room, and ran right into Julie & Sara. One look at my former campers, and I had figured out why Ms. Samson wasn’t too happy.

During college, wile working at a summer camp I had met the young girls who ended up becoming best friends, Julie and Sara. Julie was a year older than Sara, but in the same class. She had always been the more athletic of the two, and a little stockier. It was obvious she had lost some weight around the middle and legs, because she looked really good. Julie was the girl that most men thought of as “one of the guys”

Sara, on the other hand, was the “princess”; She always wore make-up, and her outfits were “current” or “fashionable”. She was more feminine than Sara, and always managed to turn heads. She also had the most beautiful, brown eyes I had ever seen. Sara had a way of devouring people with her eyes. While Sara, a little over five feet tall, was shorter than Julie by 6 inches, the two of them shared one major similar physical characteristic:

Their breasts. Both these girls had hit puberty running, and they each had D or DD-size cups. Sara usually wore sports bras, so her chest didn’t stand out much. But Julie… that girl had a real set on her. Between her revealing outfits, and ample chest, most guys’ jaws dropped when they saw her.

Upon seeing the girls, I quickly realized why Ms. Samson had been so upset. My former campers were wearing outfits straight from a Britney Spears video; they looked like trashy Catholic high school girls. Knee-high stockings, short plaid skirts, and white dress shirts that weren’t buttoned at the top, and tied at the navel. Taking into account the breasts these girls possessed, the cleavage they were showing was unbelievable.

And they had worn these outfits to my new school. I was going to kill them.

“You two… I swear …are you crazy? Get in here.”

I hauled them into the classroom, shut the door, and was immediately smothered with hugs from both of them. If they had thought that hugging me was going to put me into a better mood they were wrong. Before I could open my mouth, they gave me the “innocent angels” look, and started to weasel their way out of trouble.

“It was all Julie’s idea, Mike. Don’t blame me.”

“You bitch. It was SO not me, Mike. Sara thought it’d be fun to prance around in these outfits.”

“Julie, You are such a li-“

I cut them off.

“Girls.”

“Yes, Mike”, they chorused.

“You just walked into a public high school, wearing outfits that would probably put half of the boys here through puberty. Not to mention, making me look like some child molester. Next time you decide to surprise me, could you please wear something more… I dunno… APPROPRIATE?”

“Oh, c’mon, Mike, don’t we look cute?” Sara grinned.

“You look like you should be working the streets, actually. Especially you, Julie. Unbutton that shirt anymore, and people will think you’re charging by the hour.”

Julie smiled like a Cheshire cat, while staring at me intensely.

“How much cash you got on you, Mike?” she challenged.

I smacked my hand into my head and muttered, “Friggin’ kids.”

“Hey,” Sara said. “We’re in college now, and we aren’t dressed like kids, either. Here, I’ll prove it. You have to see what Julie’s got on underneath her skirt.”

Sara moved over to her best friend, and grabbed Julie’s skirt.

“No no no no no.” I protested. “You win, I lose. You’re not kids anymore; I can’t boss you around like I did at camp for three straight summers. So, please, no showing me anything.”

Sara laughed and dropped her best friend’s skirt. Julie started to pout, until I glared at her.

“The two of you are going to get me fired for dressing like this. Now, I haven’t heard from each of you in months. Why the surprise visit?”

“Me and Julie wanted to come see how your new teaching job is. We got the weekend off from school, and we thought we’d take you out to dinner.”

“You’re going to take me out, huh?”

“Yes!”

“Not dressed like that, I hope.”

“Hell, no! We’re not wearing these out in public.”

“So you just wore them here to embarrass me? Never mind. I don’t want to know. Look, there’s a nice restaurant on the outskirts of town. Why don’t I meet the two of you there around 7:30. I’ve got to finish grading some papers, and I want to get it done today, so I can enjoy my vacation. Is there a hotel the two of you are staying at where I can reach you?”

Julie and Sara looked at each other uncomfortably for a second, before Sara said, “Uhm, we were kinda wondering if…you know… we could…uh… stay with you?”

“Pretty please?” she added, in a meek voice.

I sighed. 

“You came all the way here, without a place to stay? Jesus. Okay, fine. You can stay with me. Lucky for you, my condo has plenty of space. Let’s get out of the school before the administration comes looking for me.”

--

Driving back to my condo, I wondered if this was such a good idea. With the girls following me in Sara’s car, I remembered how all the counselors had thought the girls had been hot. The camp rules(not to mention the law) prohibited contact between counselors and campers. I had been careful to make my relationship with Julie and Sara just friends. Over they years, they had kept in contact with me via e-mail, and the occasional phone call. Although they were several years younger than me, I had always thought of them as fun to talk to. Teachers always liked to hear how their students were doing.

We pulled into my complex and parked our cars. I saw the trunk lid to Sara’s car pop open. After parking my car, I walked over to see if they needed help moving any bags inside. I peeked into their trunk, and saw a big pile of suitcases.

I looked at the two of them, who were trying not to make eye contact with me.

“Exactly how long were you two planning on staying?”

“Uhm.. Through the weekend?”

“How did you know I would have space?”

Julie opened her mouth before Sara could respond.

“We knew you’d fit us in, Mike.”

The way she said that made my insides turn out. I don’t think she meant it to come out like it did, but I immediately felt turned on by the implications of that statement. I hurriedly grabbed a bunch of the bags, and motioned for them to follow me up to my place. While I carried 50 lbs of women’s clothing up the stairs to my place, I pondered my dilemma

While happy to see both the girls, I had been looking forward to a weekend of peace and quiet. Having Julie and Sara around would be anything but peaceful and quiet. Not to mention that the two of them looked incredibly hot in those outfits. That was a distraction I didn’t need. 

I opened the door into my condo, and showed the girls the spare bedroom where they would be staying. I then grabbed a beer out of the fridge while they unpacked. While the wash of alcohol going through my system relaxed me, I still didn’t know what I was going to do with the girls for the next 3 days, though.

“What, you’re not going to offer any to your guests?”

I turned to see Julie looking mildly offended.

“You’re too young.”

“Oh, C’MON, Mike. You know we’ve had beer before. We’re in college, remember?”

“…okay. What do you want? I’ve got beer, wine, and some liquor behind the mini-bar in the living room.”

“Oh. wow. uhmm… wine.”

I grabbed a bottle, and poured a glass of wine for Julie. I handed the glass over to her, and her fingers caressed my hand as we made contact. I nervously started to speak.

“So, uh, where’s Sara?”

“She’s taking a nap. She was up all night cramming for a test she took this morning.”

“Oh. Gotcha. How’d she do?”

“… Honestly, I don’t know.”

She was staring right at me. That’s when I noticed that she had changed out of her schoolgirl skirt, into a pair of low-cut slacks that seemed to accentuate the shape of her hips and legs. Peeking out of the pants was a black thong.

Julie put the wine glass down, and walked right up to me, placing her right hand on my chest.

“Julie, I don’t think you should be.. uhmm..”

Her hand started un-buttoning my shirt. I pulled away from her, but she kept following me.

“Look, I’m flattered and all, but this REALLY isn’t a good…”

I surprised myself by backing right into the refrigerator. I turned around to see what I had run into, and when I looked back, Julie was pressing right against me, her hands running all over my chest.

I realized that I was really turned on, and the bulge in my pants proved it. Still, I knew this wasn’t a good idea.

“Okay. look. This isn’t funny any more. This needs to stop right… uhm…”

At that point, Julie took a step back, without losing eye contact. Her hands drifted to her shirt, and started to unbutton. Seconds later, the white top was on the ground, as she continued staring at me, not saying a word.

I felt my mind turn to mush. It had been years since I had seen Julie in a bathing suit, but her DD breasts had never looked this good. The black lace bra did little to hide her nipples, which were looked like they were straining to be free of the undergarment. Her breasts were huge. 

Up until this point, I had been trying to convince myself that I wasn’t attracted to Julie, and that she wasn’t to me. But the way she stood there, her cleavage totally keeping my gaze, I caved in; I had to have her.

I whispered, “I give up. You win.” As she started to smile, I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her face to mine.

Our lips met, and her mouth opened to let my tongue in. Her tongue slowly made it’s way around mine, teasing me. As I ran my hands through her long brown hair, my fingernails lightly scratched up and down her back.

A small groan slipped out of her mouth as I dug my fingernails in a little harder. I felt her hand pull my head in closer, as her tongue started moving faster in my mouth.

My hands found the clasp to her bra, and unsnapped it. I pulled back from our embrace, and pulled the bra off, throwing it onto the floor. Julie stared at me, her tongue running over her lower lip. She was breathing hard, her chest rising and falling with each passing breath.

My hands moved from her back to her shoulders. I slowly rubbed my way down to her breasts. When my massaging fingers made contact with her nipples, her entire body stiffened and she let out a gasp.

“Oh! Oh… oh god…. please…please don’t…. ohhhh god yes”

Julie’s head rolled back, moving from left-to-right, and back again. I ran my fingers over her nipples, slowly rubbing and tugging at them. When I leaned in and gently nibbled her neck, she let out another moan.

“uuhhh…that feels… oh Mike..”

Julie had somehow managed to unbutton my shirt; she ran her hands over my chest, pushing the shirt off my body. As it slipped off, she leaned in, and started kissing my chest. I pulled her into me, her arms wrapped around my body, as I moved my hands up and down her back; I felt her lips start to bite my chest when my fingers grazed over her ass.

When I managed to get my fingers underneath her pants, and ran them over the thong she was wearing underneath, Julie started grinding her hips into mine. She pulled her lips off my chest, and started passionately kissing my mouth, running her hands through my hair.

I could feel my erection poking through my slacks, rubbing against her crotch. Wrapping her legs around me, I grabbed Julie by the ass and carried her over to the kitchen table. I laid her down on the table, and stuck my face between her tits. Her legs, still wrapped around my waist, started humping against me, as I went to work on breasts.

Starting at the underside of her breasts, I ran my tongue and lips up and down, working around the nipple, but never quite touching it. After a few minutes of this, I started to softly blow on the spots where I had just kissed, causing goose bumps to form on her chest, and eliciting a long ragged gasp.

I grabbed both of her hands, and held them above her head(not too hard, considering I’m 6’4” and she’s 5’2”) which just pushed her tits into my face even more. As I slowly started to lick one of her nipples, gently flicking my tongue against it, her back arched off the table and pushed her breasts into my face. I felt her arms strain against me, trying to break free of my control, but I wasn’t having any of that. I knew it was driving her crazy that she couldn’t break free, and that was just the way I wanted it.

I sucked her nipple in mouth, and gently bit down on it. 

“Oh!” she shrieked out loud. “Oh god... oh Jesus.. please..”

I pulled as much of her breast into my mouth as I could, and slowly let it fall out of my mouth, licking, sucking and kneading her soft tanned flesh with my teeth. When I got to her nipple, I held it between my teeth, and flicked it with my tongue.

“ohhh…. Mike…don’t’ stop ..don’t stop..don’t stop…”

I opened my eyes to see Julie, her eyes closed, arms straining against me, breathing heavily. I reached over for the glass of wine she had put down, and slowly poured it over her breasts. Her eyes shot open, but with her arms still in my control, there was nothing she could do.

Still pouring the wine, I made sure to let some run over her other, previously-unattended nipple; I started sucking on the engorged nipple for all it was worth, the wine running all over her chest.

Her hips were gyrating against me so hard, I thought I was going to lose control; Instead, Julie opened her mouth, managed to get her arms free of me, and pulled my head into her breast, while she started screaming.

“Oh Shit! shitshitshit Fuck… Jesus… I’m.. ohhh…. oh god…. I’m cumming! I’m cumming! I’mm …. oohhhhhhhhhhhhhh…..godddddd………””

I felt her hips thrust against me in several large jerks, as she reached up and sunk her mouth into my shoulder. I could feel her breathing on my skin as her sweaty body involuntarily pulsated in my embrace.

Breathing hard, I laid Julie back onto the table. Her fists were clenched around my arms, as I started kissing the nape of her neck. I slowly moved my way down her chest, my hands slowly rubbing her sides. When my lips reached her navel, I licked my lips, and slowly drew circle around her mid-section.

Julie’s mid-section pressed against my face as I moved down towards her waist. Unzipping her slacks, my fingers pulled at her pants, and in seconds she was nude, except for her black thong. 

I could smell her pussy, her odor was so strong. Moving my fingers in-between her legs, I started rubbing against her pussy lips. Sticking out around the thong, they looked positively delightful, but I was determined to make her wait before I went down on her.

Julie, on the other hand, had other things in mind. She grabbed my head by the hair and pulled me up from where my fingers had been probing her inner moistness.

“Eat me later.. I want you to fuck me right now.”

I smiled as I pushed two of my fingers into her incredibly tight pussy. Julie’s eyes rolled into the back of her head.

“Like that, you mean?” I said with a grin.

“Uhm, no… You know what I want.”

I stuck a third finger into her, and her body stiffened.

“That what you meant?”

“Ohhhhhh….. Jesus…. you’re driving me crazy. You know what I want. Stick your dick in me, Mike. Please.”

That last “please” came out as more of a request than a command. I decided to fulfill her wish.

I unzipped my pants, pulled them and my boxers down, my 7” cock sticking straight out. I grabbed her panties and pulled them off. We were now both totally nude, her lying on the table, me standing between her legs, rubbing my cock.

I moved up to her, so that my cock was rubbing against her pussy. I rubbed the tip of my cock against her lips and her clit, which was in plain sight. The feeling of my cock between her legs was having the desired effect on Julie.

“Fuck… yeah. stick it in me.”

I felt her legs curl around my lower back, as she tried to get me to stick my dick all the way in her. I pushed the top of my dick about an inch into her, felt her body start to relax, and then pulled out again. I did this several times, each time pushing a little farther and farther into her, until I finally slammed my cock into her as hard as I could.

She screamed as loud as I’ve ever heard, as her hips bucked against my cock. Her cunt was so tight, I almost came my brains out, but I was determined to hold out, and fuck Julie sore. As she had her second orgasm, I felt Julie’s cum run over my cock and down my legs. Her pussy muscles were contracting against my cock, but I managed to keep my control by pulling my penis out, and moving it slowly back in.

Her pussy welcomed my cock back in, as Julie wrapped her legs around me. I started thrusting at a relaxed pace, not going all the way. I was blown away by how tight Julie was. I had screwed 2 girls who had been virgins, that hadn’t been as tight as her.

I started thrusting faster, which made her tits bounce all over the place. I reached up with one hand and started pinching her nipples, which seemed to drive her absolutely crazy. Apparently, Julie’s nipples needed little attention to get her going.

By now I was fucking Julie hard, going in and out as fast as I could without blowing my wad. I grabbed her legs and pushed them up into the air, holding them above her head, while driving my cock into her. To my surprise, she grabbed her legs by the ankles, and pulled them back even farther, leaving my hands free.

“Yes yes yes.. god fuck… shit… yeah… harder, you fucker… Fuck me HARDER.”

I reached down and started rubbing her clit, which sent Julie into high-speed.

“Oh Fuck yeah! YEAH! Ohhh… Goddddddd!!”

I grabbed her right leg, and rolled her on her left side, and then fucked her pussy from behind, while she laid curled up. My right hand kept playing with her clit. I pulled her body to the edge of the table, and held her as still as I could, now drilling my cock into her as hard as possible.

“Yeahhhh. Make me cum again. Fuck me, harder, make me cum!” She screamed.

I ran my cock in and out of her so hard, that I felt ready to explode. All of a sudden, I felt my legs start to give way, and I started to see stars as my balls clenched and my cock exploded. 

As my orgasm hit, Julie’s pussy clenched around my cock, and she grabbed my arm; She dug her fingernails in so hard that I yelled out, seeing blood, but I didn’t really care, because I was dumping a bucket load of sperm into her pussy.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes Ohhhh..... GODDDDDDDDDD.... .FUUUUCKKKKKKKK....."  She bit down on my wrist, trying to muffle her screams, as her third orgasm hit. Her body writhed and twisted, but she held my penis in her pussy, as more cum(hers and mine) poured out of her cunt. I laid down on the table behind her, and wrapped my arms around her, as she pressed her body into mine.

"Oh... wow...", she whispered.
