 Time Stops in the Mediterranean

Day 8

The alarm went off on my mobile 'phone and I was down at the secluded beach before it was even light waiting to see if young Amy and Kylie showed. It was pleasant walking about in the half light; the air warm and perfectly comfortable; the scorching sun of the day not yet risen and the sea calm with not a breath of wind touching the land; it promised to be a perfect, but hot, day though few summer days in the Mediterranean are, what you might describe as, bad!

I slipped into the sea letting the warm water close over me and swam about for a little while before I espied two familiar figures coming down the steps. The two girls made sure it was me before waving. I came dripping out of the sea to join them, enjoying, I can report, walking up naked to two clothed young girls.

"The sea's lovely, are you going in?"

They had every intention and giggled as my cock betrayed what I thought of them dropping their shorts, tee shirts and underclothes on the sand.

Settling down on my towel, I watched the two girls swimming about both enjoying seeing them and feeling the rising sun gently drying my skin. I had not been at all untruthful in saying the sea was lovely - it was not like getting into a bath, but it had that delicious soft warmth that means you can just slip into the water with no hesitation: more than a little different from back in England when even on a hot day the sea is still (how might I put it?) bracing! The warm air on the island had both the smell of the sea and the scent of the fennel growing wild on the land.

Thinking back to the evening before I knew Amy and Kylie would sit either side of me and invite my fingers to do some walking. It was a pleasing prospect.

I was not discomforted - they did just that.

It was lovely seeing their two naked young bodies coming naked from the sea, one so dark haired and the other with hair like flame; hair that matched them down their bodies from head to the lovely wet curls forming vee shapes between their thighs; visions of young loveliness walking towards me for me to touch and enjoy. My cock reacted to their sitting down either side of me on my towel with just the touch of their naked bodies next to mine; pleasant to feel it rising and to see them watching it. 

"Can we make you cum again?" asked Amy. 

I liked her forwardness. There was a certain directness with no messing about.

"Would you like me to help you out too - with my fingers?" The emphasis clear; I was not seeking to fuck them.

"That would be nice," giggled Kylie opening and shutting her legs just a little. I did not miss that.

"Permission to touch - breasts, thighs and wet bits?" 

They liked the formality; it made them laugh but they got ever so serious as my hands moved and touched; just the lightest touch to one nipple each. I was amused to see the instant hardening response despite the cooling effect of their early morning dip. How exciting to watch a girl's nipple, just raise itself up and harden; not as impressive as a penis erecting obviously but to me a rather more pleasing sight.

I stroked, I twiddled, I lifted, I manipulated. I did the things you do with breasts and which girls like - well, these certainly did. And as I did that their hands stole to my cock once more; just the lightest of caresses at first. I returned the favour as my hands moved to their soft thighs; thighs that parted showing a wish to be touched.

My fingers were not, of course, strangers to their genitalia but they did not know that and it was much more pleasing for me to feel responsiveness - the twitching, the sighs and the growing wetness so sadly lacking in out of time sex.

I fingered Amy's prominent labia minor rolling the wet flesh between my fingers and comparing it to the labia my other hand was engaged in stroking. Nice, indeed very nice, but rather less and more discrete.

It was me licking my fingers which started it. I don't think the girls had any intention of taking me orally when they came down onto the beach but as I casually licked their wetness on my fingers, just a taste, Amy said,

"Oooh that is very naughty."

"Would you mind," said I, "if I was to taste you a little more, how should I put it, directly?"

"N'no..."

I winked at Amy as I got onto my knees on the sand and let my tongue trail gently up her left thigh upwards towards her flaming red curly hair. Amy and Kylie were just staring at each other open mouthed as my tongue touched the (very wet) soft flesh of Amy's sex (I know: I looked out of time). They had not expected this. Round and round the oval shape of her nether lips I went, ever so lightly, feeling Amy's thighs shaking with excitement against my ears. A little lapping like a puppy right at her entrance and then, with my tongue extended and rigid, in I went and then in and out - tongue fucking Amy - before moving upwards to lightly tickle her little nub.

I surfaced: "May I?" I said indicating to Kylie that it was her turn.

"I don't know; I'm not sure if I'd..."

"Go on Kylie," said Amy, "it's fantastic. When he sticks his tongue up... then you'll know!"

I was a bit slower with Kylie; at first just running my tongue back and forth in the little valley; my face buried in the curly hair of her mons before slipping lower and repeating the tour around the edge of her sex just as I had done with Amy. 

It is surprising how much wetness or lubrication comes out of a young girl when fully aroused and how lovely it is to have your face in it. I just lapped happily as my tongue slipped closer and closer to Kylie's entrance. I had not expected her orgasm to come quite so soon but the sudden clamping of thighs around my head as I touched was rather a clue to what was happening! I pushed in and hoped my rapid tongue movements were just what she wanted.

I came up to find Kylie looking, well, post orgasmic - all blinking eyes and flushed cheeks.

"I want to come like that too." said Amy.

So I set to work on her again, revisiting my tour of her sex, gradually circling in once more to her entrance and then teasingly slowly making my way back to that so interesting little bump which yields such a response. Evidently my teasing and tickling worked as my ears were squashed hard by her soft thighs and I sucked the little nubbin into my mouth.

I sat back down between them, a little flushed myself from my exertions. The girls looked at each other and giggled.

"Cool," said Amy.

I wondered if they had ever done that to each other.

"That was sooo good," said Kylie.

Their hands returned to my cock but there were looks between them and a nudging. My hope was they were building courage to return the favour. I was sure it would be Amy who would suggest it.

Rather than suggest it Amy simply got on her knees and began licking as Kylie's fingers stayed encircled and continued to pull. I watched fascinated. A man likes to watch himself being fellated: there is nothing wrong with being sucked in the dark of the night time bedroom but the added eroticism of seeing the act adds to the pleasure; seeing the pink tongue sliding up the shaft and tickling the acorn head; watching the lips open and absorb. Lips that need to open surprisingly wide, as an erect penis is usually not insubstantial, to take it into the mouth and seeing so much disappear.

Kylie's hand dropped away and Amy had possession.

After a little sucking, Amy said, "But you are not to come in my mouth."

A pity, but perhaps another day.

"I mean, it's not that I'd mind that, it's just we like to see you come."

Well, that was one excuse I suppose and might even be true. Amy returned to her sucking. I looked at Kylie who was watching open mouthed as her friend fellated me. I raised my eyebrows in invitation. After all, her mouth was open.

"Oh, I don't know..."

"Kylie, go on, you said you wanted to try." How pleasing to have Amy on my side!

Kylie was much more tentative about it, and I have to say the timid approach is erotic in itself. So deliciously nervous about her first time at the 'other sex act', her eyes never leaving my swaying erection as she got down on her knees.

Just the tiniest of touches with her tongue, "You won't come will you?"

The idea of my penis suddenly spurting and catching Kylie unawares was actually rather exciting, the pulsing of semen onto the young virgin's face and lips - a very male view of eroticism!

"Not yet," I said, "I'm not ready. I'll warn you if you go too far."

Ever so gently she sucked just the head into her mouth, her eyes looking first at me and then at Amy, and then I felt her tongue seeking and testing the smoothness of the glans penis. Slowly she gained in confidence until her lips were sliding in a fairly accurate representation of vaginal intercourse.

"Careful," I warned and Kylie uncoupled but stayed blinking and staring at the wet cock inches from her face rather as if she was surprised at herself at what she had just done.

Amy joined her. "It is nice isn't it Kylie, having it in your mouth. Sooo sexy. I'm almost tempted to see what it feels like when he cums."

"Amy! You don't really."

I got very hopeful as Amy's mouth descended again but the connection was only brief.

"But," said Amy, "we want to see you come again. We really like that don't we, Kylie?"

I spread my knees apart giving the girls easy access and once more felt the delightful feeling of young fingers on my cock, a cock wet from their mouths; fingers coaxing me towards a conclusion.

Quite marvellous to place your penis in the care of two pretty young girls and give control of your orgasm over to their nimble fingers.

"Watch girls, here I go!"

How lovely to be performing for an audience of two pretty young girls. The feeling of orgasm was, of course, great - how could it not be with their hands doing the work, even fingers stroking my scrotum. My penis did not embarrass me or let me down. A pleasing amount of ejaculate flowed - after all I had not come since the morning before; the interlude with the two girls in the car park having merely been pleasant play without a conclusion; moreover it did not just dribble out, a gentle rising up the shaft and overflowing, but came out with some force to fly a little way onto the sand.

They didn't just let go but kept moving my cock as it lost its rigidity and got smaller and smaller in their hands.

"There he goes;" said Amy - and did I detect disappointment in her voice, "how long before you can make him hard again."

"Half, perhaps a whole hour."

"Pity; It'd be cool to do that again and again."

She was telling me! But that isn't how penises work.

"Might you be here another day?"

"Most mornings," I said, "I like an early morning dip."

The girls were looking at my semen, not all had gone on the sand and it was viscous between their fingers.

"You first," said Amy.

What were they talking about?

"No you."

"Well if I go first and I like it then you'll have to suck it off his cock."

"Amy, no!"

With a big grin Amy's little pink tongue came out and touched the stuff on her fingers tasting it. "A bit salty as you said, Kylie. Now go on, suck it off his cock."

"No."

"All right I will."

That was unexpected; suddenly Amy was kneeling before me again and sucking my soft cock into her mouth - all of it! It was gone. I could feel, on the still rather sensitive head, both her tongue sliding round and the suction as she cleaned off the remaining semen; her tongue even flicking around the opening where a little more semen was still no doubt oozing out. 

Out it flopped from her lips. "Kylie, you are such a wimp!"

I sat there as the girls made to make their departure. 

"We'll come again," said Amy.

"I'll do my best," I replied - which made them giggle.

"But not tomorrow, probably the next day."

"I expect I'll be here."

I watched them disappearing up the steps. Well, that had gone rather well. It was time for a swim before dressing and getting on with the morning.

What with getting up quite early, the exertion of swimming and the pleasant little wank with Amy and Kylie, I admit to having had a little doze in the shade of one of the rocks. Waking I found the beach had come alive with quite a few people complete with their beach umbrellas, sun tan lotion, swimming costumes and happy noise. It is quite a pleasant activity watching people on the beach, wondering who they are and where they come from. And of course watching the pretty girls is the best thing - if you don't count my ability to take a particularly close and often very personal look.

Do you find pregnant girls sexy? I do. To quite put my finger on why that should be so is a little difficult. Many girls think they look almost grotesque with their swollen bellies and certainly it is a very different shape from the idealised images on the front cover of women's magazines; but I think they are completely wrong: after all what can really be more feminine than being with child? Is it, perhaps, the very obvious demonstration that they have been with a man, have had sexual intercourse which makes them sexy - leaving aside the modern possibility of AI? I am not sure what it is, but my eye was particularly caught by a very pregnant girl (by which I mean she was at about eight months; after all you are either pregnant or you are not. You can't really be 'very' pregnant!).

Her electric blue one piece swimsuit was striking as was the girl herself with her long glossy black hair, olive skin and strong features; her tummy stretched the material forward in a great round bulge but to me that did not detract one iota from her. I admired not only that but the pleasing roundness of her bottom, the swell of her breasts and her shapely limbs. Even the way she held her bump was quite delightful. I watched her walk with bulging stomach down and into the sea for a swim and observed her walk back again. It was still a little too soon after Amy and Kylie to think of more and actually inso far as doing anything physical rather than just watching it was an ice cream I was more interested in! 

Walking back down the beach with my rapidly melting cornet (pistachio flavour made with real pistachio as there were bits of nut in it -- excellent!) concentrating on enjoying the ice cream and trying to avoid it dripping all over my hand I suddenly almost stopped in my tracks: there was the girl in the electric blue swimsuit but no longer pregnant and, what was more, with a sweet little dark haired baby in her arms. "That was quick," I thought, in surprise and puzzlement.

The explanation proved somewhat more prosaic: it was a different girl. But clearly the twin sister of the pregnant girl; the two of them were holidaying as a family group with their parents and husbands or boyfriends. I followed and found where the whole group had positioned itself, sitting under a couple of parasols and chatting away.

My interest was aroused and the situation needed a little thinking about, so, ice cream finished, I went for a swim. Gentle strokes in the warm sea were conducive to thinking. Not only were the girls sisters but, clearly, identical twin sisters. Now there was a novelty. Now what could I do here?

What I wanted to do of course was fuck them both; ease them out of those two electric blue swimsuits and properly compare them but this did not look so easy on the beach - certainly with the pregnant sister. A swollen tummy means 'doggy style' is the preferred position and catching her on all fours on the beach was unlikely (though not impossible).

I looked at the two young men. Presumably they got on well together as the whole family was on holiday. Probably the father and mother had paid - I assumed the older couple were the girls' parents but I supposed it was not impossible the two lads were also brothers who had each fallen for one of the identical sisters.

Would there be much difference in fucking twins? Identical twins are the same physically and so it would be like fucking the same person twice, I supposed. Had there ever been a mix up and the boys fucked the wrong partner by mistake? It would, of course, be the boy's mistake not the girl who would have known. Was it the sort of thing identical twins did? Letting the other try out the sister's boyfriend?

Of course they were not very identical at the moment, not with one possessing a very large tummy and the other with milk swollen breasts... now that was an idea!

There was no hurry. No need to finish my swim quickly. It had been very pleasant with Amy and Kylie early on and I was quite content resting on the beach with the occasional swim and ice cream. I was rather hoping in due course they would return to their villa for lunch and perhaps a siesta. A little lie down in the heat of the day would give me opportunity.

I was not disappointed and I happily followed the group back to their villa. I was impressed - it was a very fine and spacious villa with a particularly good swimming pool. I thought it a bit naughty of the daughters to let the parents make the lunch whilst they swam but it would give me the pleasant task of being able to inspect them whilst they changed from their wet costumes after their swim.

My expectations are not always realised, and were not here, as they did not change after their swim but the whole party sat down around a table under a parasol for lunch still in their swimming costumes, wet or dry, leaving me with little to do but wander around inspecting the villa in real time whilst they dined. I did actually sneak a little bit of lunch whilst out of time - merely as a complement to the parents' efforts you understand.

They sat over coffee, with the new mum feeding her baby, as I waited, a little impatiently, hidden in the shade of an upper floor balcony. I was relieved to hear the magic word, "siesta" as the mum with her baby got up to go upstairs. I gave her a few minutes to settle the baby in its cot before following her out of time into her room. I had not quite missed the removal of the electric blue swimming costume. It was half off revealing the girl's milk swollen breasts. Quite magnificently firm with really big standing nipples. Not surprising really, as they had recently been in use for their real purpose and could quite properly be described as teats. It can come as no surprise that I intended to suckle. I am not at all averse to warm human milk fresh from the breast; so very different from what you get in the bottle or carton from the supermarket and so much pleasanter to drink from the young female source than the glass!

I watched from the security of a slightly ajar wardrobe door as the costume was eased down the girl's legs revealing her round bottom and carefully trimmed dark, dark bush. She discarded the costume in the bath and after a little towelling lay down on the bed with the breeze from the ceiling fan slightly moving her hair. I was about to take a closer, out of time look, when just the attitude she was adopting caused me to pause. The slightly raised leg, the look towards the door all bespoke of a woman interested in sex. On cue the door opened and in came her husband. A second costume quickly joined the girl's in the bath and his half erection showed his interpretation of the scene.

A little sex after lunch and before siesta is much to be recommended. I had every intention of joining in before retiring to my own villa for a siesta of my own.

There was no hurry and I watched the couple's embrace and foreplay. It was only when the man took a teat and began very clearly drinking did I think it was time to join in - after all there was a spare!

With time stopped I stepped out of the wardrobe and walked over to the bed, pausing to look at the girl from close to, before lying down on the other side of the bed from her husband and convenient for her other breast.
