 Jeanette and I had known each other for eight years since she started work with me. We were friends, I was 17 years older than her and that had stopped any thought of a relationship between us beyond that.

However Jeanette had become a selfish, self centred bitch in recent years, everything was me, me, me and it was getting on a lot of peoples nerves, mine included. 

One Saturday afternoon she dropped round to have a chat at some point she paid a visit to the bathroom and to do that she had to pass my bedroom, I had a habit of leaving my cash on my bed side table and a little later when I went up I noticed some was missing, I came down and asked her straight out if she had taken it which of course she denied. The notes were a new batch all sequential numbers so I asked her to empty her pockets and there they were two £20 pound notes. "Care to explain yourself, you know you could have asked if you where short of money." 

"I'm sorry, I'm short of cash and can't ask anyone to lend me anymore."

"What we going to do about this?" I asked her.

"What do you mean?"

"Jeanette you stole from me, that can't go unpunished! It can't be forgotten, you've broken my trust!"

"What do you want to do?"

"What I should do is call the police! Your not a child Jeanette, your 23 years old!"

"Please don't do that." There was panic in her voice and god knows what was going through her mind. I gave it a bit of thought and made my decision.

"You have two choices and these are what they are. You are going to write down what you did and sign it, your then going to allow me to spank you so that you don't think about doing this again. Your going to grow up and behave like a 23 year old and not some spoilt bitch that thinks everything should revolve around her. That means at home you will do your fair share of chores, you'll take responsibility for getting yourself up and out to work and don't think you can get away with not doing that, I see your parents and your brother most weeks and I will know.

The second choice is that I call your father and tell him what you've done, I'm not going to call the police this will be dealt with one of the two ways I have just told you about. Now I'm going to take this money and put it back. There is a piece of paper and a pen there, you can write what you've done and your agreement that I can spank you as I see fit or you can walk out the door. You have ten minutes I will be upstairs waiting for your decision."

I took the money off the table and walked up stairs, I closed the blinds and waited half expecting to hear the front door shut and her car starting. What I did hear was her walking up the stairs. "I see you have made your decision then Jeanette, this is probably the best decision you have made in a while, let's see your letter." I read the letter out loud and noted that she had signed and dated it as I had asked. "Let's get started then. Take off your jeans and put them on the chair and then stand facing the wardrobe with your hands on your head."

"I'm not taking my jeans off your not spanking me on my knickers!"

"Then I will ring your dad, and not only will I be spanking you on your knickers I will be spanking you on your bare too, remember it says I can spank you as I see fit. Now make your mind up!"

"Bare?"

"Yes bare! No knickers!"

Slowly she turned round and started to take her jeans off. "No turn round and face me while you take them off." Her face turned bright red. "No use blushing because I can see your knickers, I'm going to see a lot more than that by the time I have finished."

She took off her jeans folded them up and placed them on the chair and turned and faced the wardrobe. "Put your nose against the door Jeanette and don't move." While she stood there I set up a camera to video the spanking, it was a small camera and she wouldn't know it was there.

"Right I said settling myself down on my bed, get yourself over my knees, keep your legs stretched out and your hands on the bed head and we will start."

"How many times are you going to spank me?"

"I think it will be at least 100, but a lot will depend on you, if you kick or try to stop me then I will start again at one, shall we start?"

"Yes let's get it over with!"

She placed herself over my legs and I positioned her so that my had would land squarely on the seat of her bum and started, she took the first 5 ok on the sixth she kicked up, "what did I tell you, no kicking we are back at one." I gave her a total of 16 spanks on her knickers then told her to get up and go back to the wardrobe. I left her there for 5 minutes and when I returned she hadn't moved. "Ok, now turn round and take your knickers off and put them on top of your jeans." She did as she was told her face turning redder than before, as I looked at her I could tell why, she shaved herself clean and looked like a little girl. "Now get yourself over my knees again." She did as she was told and placed herself as before, she lasted 10 spanks before she kicked up again, and again I started again from one. After 20 I told her to get up and go back to wardrobe. Her bum was a nice pink but it would be a deep red when I finished. I let her stand there for 10 minutes and then brought her back to my knees to deliver another 20, she was sobbing by now and asking me to stop, I told her she was only half way through. I left her for 15 minutes while I went and had a drink and a smoke, I was drawing this out deliberately, I wanted her to have enough time to recover a little but not too much and to think about what she had done to get herself in this position. On my return I put her over my knee for another twenty then back to the wardrobe for ten minutes and repeated it. She had 10 more spanks to receive and unlike the ones previous which had been delivered by my hand the last ten were going to be with my bath brush. "Ok Jeanette only 10 more to go, I want you to go to the bathroom on the window ledge you will find my bath brush and bring it back to me," she went to get her knickers, "no you won't be needing those, go through as you are." She returned a few minutes later her face white through fear. "I'll take that now get over my knees only 10 more then it will be over for now." She got back over my knee, she took the first two without a sound but the third landed and she screamed, when the forth one landed she started to cry there was nothing left and she just took the rest as she sobbed. "Now go and face the wardrobe and put your hands on your head. I went out of the room and got a pair of plain white cotton school girl knickers and came back to the room, she was still where she was supposed to be, her bum was a deep red and reddening by the minute "ok your done for now" she went to get her knickers and jeans, "No, you can put these on and go and sit cross legged on the couch opposite where I normally sit." I handed her the knickers I had brought and watched her putting them on, as she got to her bum she winced and as gently as possible pulled them over her bum and went down stairs and sat as I had told her to.

I reminded her about the behaviours I expected from her from now on both at home, at work and when we were out as a group, I also told her that if she didn't then she would be getting the same again. I was watching her closely making sure she understood what I was telling her but also to see if there was any change to her knickers, I couldn't but I could clearly see the shape of her pussy through the material. 

I looked up at her "ok now go and put your jeans on, leave the knickers you were wearing when you got here, you can get them in a few months providing you don't have to visit me again for a spanking. If that happens then you will come to me wearing the knickers you are wearing now.

She went upstairs and got her jeans and put them on and came down, I told her to wait and quickly went up stair, her original knickers were there. When I came down I said "ok you can go home now I don't expect to see you out tonight." 

"What I can't go out tonight?" She said rather to indignantly for my liking."

"Come here Jeanette." 

She looked at me, fear came over her and she was right to be afraid.

She was stood in front of me, I reached undid her jeans and slipped them down. "Step out of them." She did as she was told and I moved her over my knee and landed 20 hard quick spanks, "now go stand with your nose against the wall." I went to the blinds and opened them just a little. "No please leave them closed."

"No Jeanette they will remain open, it will be highly unlikely that anyone will be able to see you but that bit of a chance may make you think again about questioning me. Ten minutes late I said" now come back here. I pulled down her knickers, she winced as they came down her bum, "now go back upstairs and get the brush."

"Please not the brush again."

"Do it now or I will double the number of spanks I'm going to deliver."

She rushed up stairs and was back with the brush. I put her over my knee and landed 10 hard spanks she was kicking after two and crying after four and sobbing after six by the time I was finished she was spent and stayed over my knee when I was finished. "Get up Jeanette go stand with your nose against the wall again." I moved back to the blinds and opened the a little more, there was still very little chance of anyone being able to see her but I did it all the same. After 10 minutes I said "sit opposite me again, sit on one of the cushions. Again she went to pick up the knickers. "No Jeanette no knickers now sit down." She sat down as she winced her bum was a deep red now and very sore and hot. "Your can stay there for half an hour." She tried to get herself comfortable and in doing so she opened her legs revelling her pussy to me and she went to cover it with her hands. "No Jeanette, keep your hands to your side. Her face turned nearly as red as her bum as she realised she was fully on show to me. Not wanting to lower her discomfort I looked her up and down then went back to my laptop occasionally looking at her and whenever I did she blushed. The next time I looked at her I looked straight into her eyes nowhere else "get your knickers and jeans Jeanette and bring them to me." She did as she was told and handed them to me. I opened up the knickers and bent down, "step into them Jeanette." She did as she was told and I slowly pulled them up her legs as I did so my eyes became level with her pussy, quickly and gently I pulled them over her bum I then repeated it with her jeans only pulling these up was a little more uncomfortable for her as they were quite tight, I fastened the button and pulled up the zip now go sit down for a few minutes as she did she winced. When she could sit long enough I "ok you can go home now, I don't think you will be coming out tonight will you?" 

"No."

"Good, go home and tomorrow come round at three, you understand that?"

"Yes."

She turned up on time something she wasn't used to so there was an improvement straight away. "Sit down Jeanette."

She did as she was told but there was still a wince and discomfort when she did so. "Glad you where on time, how are you feeling."

"My bum is sore and it's painful to sit down for long."

"That's only to be expected it took quite a spanking yesterday. Go up stairs to my room and take your jeans and knickers off and lye on my bed."

"You're not going to spank me again? Please no more."

"No but do as I say I will be up in a few minutes."

She went and did as I told her. A few minutes later I went up stairs to the bathroom, washed my hands and got some cream out of the cabinet and went into the bedroom. She looked up at me as I entered. "Move to the centre of the bed Jeanette." Again she did as she was told. I squeezed the cream onto my hand and started to rub it into her still reddened bum. "Spread your legs Jeanette, so that I can get this worked in properly." She did as she was told though her face reddened as again she knew she was completely on show to me. I worked the cream in to all of the reddened areas of her bum her pussy was slightly open to me and I could see it was starting to glisten. I finished rubbing the cream in. "stay like that for a while it will help take some of the sting and pain out when your ready come down and sit like you did yesterday after an hour I will put some more cream on and you can go home." She came down ten minutes later knickerless and sat opposite me legs slightly open so that I could see her pussy. I looked at her once more and went back to my laptop to work, occasionally she would make a noise which would cause me to raise my head to look at her, her pussy was still glistening and when I told her to go back to my bedroom I could see where she had sat there was moisture I ran my finger in it and brought it to my mouth, she tasted sweet. I know she didn't like the spanking but having to sit there exposing herself to me turned her on.

I went up stairs and applied more cream to her bum as I did so I caught the faint sound of a moan come from her. When I had finished I picked up her knickers and again got her to step into them and pulled them up as I reached her bum my eyes where level with her pussy, it was wet, I was tempted there and then to trace a finger and then my tongue between those lips but this was a punishment not a prelude to sex and I have a rule not to get sexually involved with someone who is in a relationship so I finished pulling them up, taking care to be gentle over her bum and did the same with her jeans. "Home now and don't forget, make your own packed lunch and get yourself up for work."

"I will." She said as she left and went home.

A few weeks passed and everything was going well, comments from her parents and brother told me things had improved dramatically at home and even Jeanette was in a better mood because all the arguments had stopped. Her mum said it was great not having to get up early on her days off to get her up for work, she was getting home and going to bed at a reasonable time. They wondered what had come over her but weren't complaining or asking questions as they were happy with the improvement in her behaviour.

A month passed and she slipped. During an argument with her mum she had sworn, not at her mother but all the same she had sworn, something her parents and I didn't like. I saw her that Friday night; she looked at me knowing I knew, "I'm sorry." She said. 

"That's ok." I replied, "come round in the morning I'll talk to you then, about 10 if you want to go out tomorrow night. But try to enjoy tonight it won't be that bad tomorrow."

A faint smile crossed her lips and she went off and got herself a drink and tried to enjoy the night.

At ten o'clock prompt she knocked on my door. "Come in and sit down Jeanette." She came in and sat opposite me in her usual place. "What happened?" I asked.

"it was nothing really, Carl has been getting on my case cause I have been going home earlier than I used to and not staying over during the week, he said I was getting boring, I had just had an argument on the phone and was talking to mum about it, it just boiled over and I swore."

"Ok, so what you going to do about Carl?"

"It's not working he's going to end up breaking up with me because I won't do what he wants me to so I think I will break up with him first."

"Ok. Now we have to address the swearing. You know your mum and dad don't like either of you swearing, especially in front of them and likewise you know I don't like it either. So a spanking is in order, it won't be as bad as the last one you got it was only a minor slip so here's what it will be. Ten spanks on your knickers, 10 on your bare and 5 with the brush. That will be it, you will come down after ten minutes with your nose against the wardrobe and take your place as last time. After half an hour you will go back up stairs and lye on my bed and I will put some cream on, you will stay there for twenty minutes and come down and we will talk for half an hour, then I will dress you and you can go enjoy your day. Now go up stairs and wait for me." She got up and went up stairs a couple of minutes later I followed her, she was stood with her nose against the wardrobe and when I sat down on the bed she turned and took her jeans off and placed herself over my knees. I delivered the first ten quickly, sharp quick spanks. She got up and went to the wardrobe I got up, went to get a drink. When I sat down on my bed again she turned round and took off her knickers and placed them on top of her jeans and lay over my knees again. I was a little more deliberate with the next ten spanks they were hard and covered all of her bum, the last one landed straight across her sit spot. She went back to the wardrobe and I went for a smoke.

When I got back she was already waiting with the brush, she handed it to me and as soon as I sat down she placed herself over my knee. I spanked her twice and she started to cry, I delivered on more on each cheek and one on her sit spot by which time she was sobbing. "Ok now go stand at the wardrobe."

I went down stairs and started to do some work on my laptop about 10 minutes later Jeanette came down and sat opposite me, she winced a little as her bum touched the cold leather of my couch, again she sat legs slightly apart giving me a good view of her pussy, she was still blushing but not as much as the first time. "Now what are your plans Jeanette?"

"What do you mean?"

"What are your plans for stopping yourself getting into this embarrassing position?"

"Well I'm breaking up with Carl for one, it was my argument with him that got me into this really because if I hadn't I wouldn't have sworn in front of mum."

"What else?"

"Nothing really, things have been so much better at home since you first spanked me and I like it better that way, no arguing with mum or dad and John and me are getting on much better now that I'm doing my fair share."

"That's good. How is work?"

"That's better too, I find it easier as I'm not tired when I get there and the day goes better, my boss thinks I'm performing better too, she said so."

"Good, see what taking responsibility for your actions gets you, a far better life, of course you will make mistakes and slip up but it won't be that often and the outcomes won't be so severe, either at home or work and of course here with me."

"What do you mean?"

"You are unlikely to get spanked for every mistake or slip up you make, you'll only be spanked if I feel it is warranted or you think you deserve a spanking for your actions. That doesn't mean you can get away with deliberately doing something wrong if its a deliberate act you will be spanked like the first time, if it's a slip or unintentional mistake it will be more like today or maybe just a talking to."

"Oh ok."

"Just one more thing to keep in mind when you go up stairs and get on the bed, if I have to severely spank you again most of the spankings will be done with you totally naked. You understand?"

"Yes."

"Good now go get on the bed, I will rub some cream into your bum before you come down and talk some more."

When I got to the bed room she was lied face down her legs apart, I sat down at the side of her and started to rub in the cream, I could see her pussy lips where open and glistening but all I did was rub in the cream and tell her to wait ten minutes and come back down.

She came back down and sat opposite me again, her pussy was glistening with her juices she was clearly turned on we talked for a little while and I could see them dripping on to the couch, "Jeanette, go get your knickers please, leave your jeans upstairs but bring me your knickers." She went to get her knickers and while she was gone again I dipped my finger into her juices and tasted her, then I wiped up what was left before she got back down. She held out her knickers for me and stepped into them before sitting back down, she knew I had cleaned up her juices and looked a little disappointed. "Sorry." She said.
