 Day 10

I awoke to the alarm remembering I had agreed to meet Amy and Kylie again - or at least they had said they would probably be at the beach. 

Really! Having to get up early for appointments on holiday; it was just like being back at work - not!

Showering, I set off for our liaison but, rather than go straight to the beach, I went via their villa. It seemed sensible to establish Amy and Kylie were indeed going to the beach first of all rather than waiting there unnecessarily. I had other plans if they were not going to show; particularly a long walk with hopefully some amusement along the way.

Plan A remained firmly in place as I saw two familiar figures step out into the early morning half light with their beach towels and head off in the right direction. Plan A started to look like it was going wrong almost immediately afterwards when I saw another figure leave the villa and, rather surreptitiously, set out after them. I surmised Kylie's father was checking up on where his daughter and charge were sneaking off to so early in the morning and, no doubt, why they were sneaking off.

This was going to spoil any fun on the beach! Stopping time, I caught up with Amy and Kylie; they were looking just wonderful in their shorts and tee shirts. It would have been so pleasing if they had let me undress them that morning to get them ready for their swim and then our mutual masturbation session - but that was not now going to happen. 

I hid at the beach and waited for the others. Father did not follow the girls down the steps but, as expected, hid to watch. There were two of us in hiding and down on the beach I could see Amy and Kylie looking around and, I hoped, feeling disappointed not to find me. It would have been a really difficult scene had I been down on the beach and not first checked at their villa. A scene I would probably have simply had to escape from by disappearing out of time. Not at all what I would wish to do normally and would prevent me seeing Amy and Kylie again as there would be no reasonable explanation for such magic.

Even without me Amy and Kylie still went for their naked swim probably hoping I would turn up a little later. Of course I did but out of time as their naked bodies were not something I could tire of admiring and touching, not least Amy's stunning flame red curls. I was not at all surprised to find I was not the only one admiring them; Kylie's father had brought a pair of binoculars with him and was engrossed in examining Amy. I could not blame him; after all I had just been doing the same thing rather more intimately. I perfectly understood why his erect cock was projecting from his fly and his hand was holding it. Amy would have most men queuing up to watch her naked and have a wank! Kylie's father's report to his wife would, I was sure, not mention the ogling and masturbation. They would be superfluous details of course, not worth the mention.

As a dressed Amy and Kylie made their way back up the steps, father headed off back down the track at speed leaving me the opportunity of speaking to them.

"Hallo," I said appearing from behind a wall.

"You're rather late today."

"Ah, well you see, I saw you were being followed." I described the man.

"Dad!" said Kylie.

"So I thought I'd better not show myself. Nice watching you swimming though."

"Oh, no, Dad saw us both..."

"I doubt he will mention it. I'm sure he just wanted to check you were OK on your early morning outings. He was simply looking after you. A good thing really." I was sure that was his real intention, the ogling of Amy had no doubt been an unexpected bonus and there was no need to mention that additional detail to them.

"If you like," I offered, "you can pop around to my villa later for a swim. It is very secluded and so you won't need your bikinis! I certainly don't bother. It's a nice pool."

The girls looked at each other. This was not neutral territory.

"We could come around after lunch I suppose. Kylie; your mum and dad usually take a snooze about then; don't they?"

"Yeah, that would be cool. Where is it?"

I watched their retreating behinds going down the track, buttocks in shorts rising first one side, then the other in that lovely way girls have; a delicious wobble to the backside which is so attractive to the male. I had re-arranged things rather well. I would still have those shorts off - just later. Indeed I thought I would insist they came off as soon as they came in the door - no clothes to be worn in my villa.

That, though, left me with a spare morning and not really one where I should seek out sexual adventure. I needed to retain myself for the post lunch skinny dipping and, no doubt, masturbation and fellation. It was time at least for a swim in the sea. I turned towards the sea and made my way down the steps.

The knock on the door in the early afternoon was not exactly unexpected. It was lovely to let the two girls through the door and close it on the world outside. They were still dressed in their shorts and tee shirts - but not for long!

"Do you ever wear clothes?" Asked Amy, looking at me.

"Well, generally in the street!" And even that was not completely true but I was not going to reveal my ability to stop time and walk naked where I chose. "May I?" indicating their own clothing.

I had been looking forward to undoing the buttons and unzipping the flies on their little denim shorts all morning - and it showed.

"Up he goes!" said Amy as I crouched to undo her shorts. Down came the little brass zipper and down went the denim shorts around her ankles. Next came the little yellow cotton panties. I did not hurry, relishing the appearance of the first tufts of red hair as I eased them down slowly, revealing just a few curls, followed by that so pleasing little indentation hidden within the red curls - the start of the valley. I leant forward and kissed feeling the springy curls on my face. Carefully I picked up the shorts and panties, folded them and placed them on the hall table - I was not hurrying this - and turned to unzip Kylie.

Down came her shorts as well revealing white panties with little yellow bananas all over them. "Pretty knickers," I commented as they too came down and I kissed her black curls.

How nice to have two bottomless girls in your villa - pink bottoms peeking out from under the tee shirt hems like dresses that were too short. It was tempting to leave them like that but I had said nudity was the rule.

Carefully I lifted Kylie's tee shirt revealing first her tummy and then white bra also decorated with the little yellow bananas. Her little breasts hidden within the two cups.

"Evidently you are rather partial to bananas," I commented.

"I told her they looked like little yellow cocks," said Amy, "just like your banana!" she added.

"I promised her I'd buy a bunch so she could try one out but she wouldn't have it"

"Amy!"

I laughed with them. "Well, have you tried a banana, Amy?"

"Not actually..."

"Two banana virgins - whatever next! I think I might just have..."

"No, you haven't!"

Well that was an interesting idea out of nowhere!

Off came Kylie's tee shirt and I turned to Amy and helped her off with her tee shirt as well.

"My bra doesn't match."

It didn't but it was certainly full. She was not as tall as Kylie but she certainly beat her in the breast department. I unclipped her bra and took the warm garment to add to the pile before turning back and admiring what had been revealed. The contrast with the Italian twins was striking, particularly when compared to the young mum. Despite her ample breasts Amy's nipples were so small, indeed rather like my own. How different would they be one day when she had an infant to suckle? Even Kylie with her small round breasts had larger areolae and nipples.

Off came Kylie's banana bra leaving the three of us naked in the hallway. "That's better," I said patting their bottom cheeks, "much cooler for you. Would you like a swim to cool a little more? First let me show you around."

It was very pleasant walking around my villa with the two girls either side of me and my hands just lightly holding their bottoms, my fingers curling under a cheek each side. They were impressed. Well, it was a very good villa but, unfortunately, one I would shortly have to vacate as my week of free occupancy was nearly up. 

We walked out into the strong sunshine of the pool area.

"Oh," said Kylie looking upwards.

"No, we are not overlooked at all, it is very private."

"Just as well," said Amy looking at my cock.

"Would you care for a swim?"

"Will you stay hard in the water?"

"Can do - perhaps with a little help?"

"That'd be cool to see."

Any man is happy to be admired and Amy and Kylie seemed to find me swimming along with an erection quite fascinating and, certainly, swimming up the pool with them either side and occasionally feeling a hand reaching and stroking my cock was not only very pleasant but kept me hard.

"About those bananas," said Amy.

"What bananas?"

"You asked if we had tried bananas - and they are so like the shape of your cock only they don't make you pregnant. Kylie, you see, would like you to fuck her with a banana; wouldn't you Kylie?"

"Amy! Only if you do."

"Two bananas then."

The idea was appealing but there was an apparently major impediment in that I didn't actually have any: in reality that was only a very small technical problem for me.

"I'll get them then," I said getting out of the pool. Out of sight I stopped time and, putting on my sandals, wandered up the road to the local supermarket. Had bananas been out of stock I would have had a fair walk to the next one but was in luck. This was a first for me wandering around a supermarket with nothing on but nobody commented, nobody said a word - not even the shopkeeper said anything as I walked out without paying! 

I would not want you to think me unprincipled – I did cover the cost later.

Back at the villa I came out into the sunshine with the bananas in hand. "Small or large?"

I had chosen a very large one as well as a bunch of more normal sized bananas. 

Amy and Kylie came up out of the pool. "Imagine a boy with a cock like this, Kylie," said Amy picking up the big banana and holding it against my own erection, "I can't get it in my mouth let alone my vag. Imagine the poor boy with one as big as this doomed to handjobs; though any girl would like to hold it and set it off and see the cum fly."

"That'd be cool, Amy, but don't you think some girls could stretch around it particularly if they've had babies."

"Maybe. Not me though!"

It was like being back listening to them from under their beds.

Amy pulled a banana from the bunch.

"Hey Kylie look at my cock!" 

She had stuck the stalk end between her thighs so the banana now reared up from her red pubic hair, mimicking my own real penis; it was as if she had a curving yellow erection. Amy looked lovely standing there with her long red hair, big breasts, wide hips, long legs and her strange hermaphrodite sex.

"Down girl and start sucking!" 

Kylie giggled and complied; my erection strengthened as I watched her lips close around the erect banana as she pretended to fellate it. I moved a little closer and my erection knocked against her cheek requesting admission. It was granted.

"Kylie, you mean thing - just because his cock is bigger than mine!"

It was certainly memorable standing by my pool in the sunshine with Kylie kneeling and sucking me as Amy reached for the large banana and stuck that between her thighs. She swaggered around the pool with an enormous yellow cock laughing at the absurdity. Despite her rather shuffling gait, necessary to keep the banana from falling, she still looked wonderful.

Kylie looked up and burst out laughing. Soon she had joined her friend on her perambulation but also now sporting a rather smaller yellow erection and what could I do but follow?

"Well isn't this gay?" I said, though I think the ambiguity was lost on the young girls; they laughed nonetheless. Reaching out I led the girls back to the loungers by their penis bananas - yes more than a little gay!

Easing open their thighs, though, and revealing their pink lips fringed with orange and black hair and their hidden little entrances was not gay at all. Entrances I took such a delight touching with the ends of the smaller bananas before pushing and watching the yellow fruit gradually sink in and disappear until just the stalks were left showing. Carefully I closed the thighs trapping the bananas just where I would rather have liked to be.

"Let's see you walk around the pool like that."

They got up rather carefully and walked a little stiffly around the pool. Returning I had them lie down on loungers either side of me and then I set to work pushing and pulling the rather wet bananas in and out of them in a fair imitation of the act of sexual intercourse. It was rather like seeing them on their beds in their room when they had been masturbating only now they were in the bright sunshine and moving. Delightful to watch their faces and seeing their own fingers playing with their breasts; seeing them tweak their own nipples, suck their own fingers as if they were a cock and then to moisten their nipples; and finally to watch their faces screwed up in the pleasure of orgasm as first Kylie then Amy came.

"Fuck," said Amy, "that was good." I stood and looked down at the two girls still with the stalk ends of the two bananas sticking out of them. It was a really erotic sight and I was tempted, given just how hard my cock felt, to just stroke away and come, spraying my semen over them.

"I hadn't realised how much a bunch of bananas are a girl's best friend," giggled Amy pulling the banana from herself and looking at it, "but not useful to boys at all, however much like their cocks a banana looks." The naughty girl slowly peeled back the banana a little and her pink tongue licked up the exposed fruit as if it was a curving penis. I moved closer so my penis hung over her and, again, out came the little pink tongue and licked right up the underside to the head, soft and rasping at the same time, up the so sensitive frænum. She smiled up at me and then suddenly bit the end of the banana. I jumped back in mock surprise and we all laughed.

"Of course boys can just eat the banana."

"Actually," I said, "bananas have their uses for boys as well."

"What," said Kylie, "to stick up their bums?"

"Well, I suppose so..."

"Bend over, Kylie," said Amy, "Let's see."

"No, Amy, I was just saying..." Kylie looked a little shocked.

"What I actually meant," I said, butting in, "was not so much the banana but the banana skin. Wrapped around the penis it mimics a vagina and actually gets really slippery just like..." I reached down and moved Kylie's banana in and out a couple of times.

"Boys would look ridiculous with a banana skin wrapped around their cocks," said Kylie.

"And you don't, of course, look faintly ridiculous with a piece of fruit sticking out of your sex?" I replied. "Where's your mobile and I'll take a photo and see what you think!"

Amy had picked up the large banana and was looking at it. "You'd split a smaller one but this would fit nicely. This I've gotta see! I'll just scoop out the fruit."

I had been rather hoping to be sucked off, perhaps even allowed to fuck one or other but I was game for this unusual diversion. It wasn't as if I wasn't actually going to fuck them anyway. Indeed as Amy got up and headed to the kitchen to prepare her banana and Kylie was watching her it seemed a shame not to take the opportunity of stopping time and temporarily removing the banana so helpfully holding Kylie open. My fingers reached, took hold of the stalk and slid the yellow fruit out leaving Kylie unusually stretched and open. Pulling her down the lounger I knelt at the end and positioned myself and watched as my cock touched and slowly pushed into the slippery warmth. So enjoyable just watching it go in - let alone savouring the wet, warm feeling. Lovely!

A few strokes and I stood again and followed Amy. She was caught mid stride towards the kitchen, banana in hand, but it was easy to move her legs apart and slip inside her holding her from the back with my thighs pressed against her soft bottom. Again a few delicious strokes before placing her and Kylie back in their former positions. The two young girls suitably fucked and not even knowing it.

Returning to behind Kylie I almost made a mistake before restarting time but spotted I'd forgotten to replace the banana in Kylie just before movement returned. That is always the risk if I make too many changes out of time - forgetting where things should be and how people (well girls mostly!) were standing/ sitting/ lying. Slowly I slid the banana home – such a pleasing thing to do - stepped back and restarted time.

A slight stumble from Amy. Well it is not easy getting limbs back in the carefully balanced positions we take when walking and a sudden but usually rectifiable loss of balance does occur quite often after I have played out of time.

"Careful!" called Kylie.

A few minutes later Amy returned, "Well let's see how this fits!" In her hand the large banana but now just its skin. With one hand she held my shaft at the base and with the other she draped the skin over my penis and pulled it down so the head disappeared up into the skin. Like the girls a little before I was standing there with a banana for an erection.

"Unusual condom," I commented.

"Not much use as a condom," said Amy, "I cut the end off." And she had, just the very tip, the scratchy black bit I'd cut off the others.

"Why?"

"I want to see your stuff fly just like on the beach, I want to see an ejaculating banana and Kylie I want you to photograph it if you can!"

With her hand Amy began sliding the banana skin up and down.

"Is that nice?" She said.

"Getting nicer. It's becoming slippery."

The friction was beginning to soften the inside of the banana. A slight sound of squelching became audible. Amy pulled the banana off.

"Ooh look how slimy it's become, Kylie."

I was not sure if she meant my cock or the banana skin. Her mouth descended.

"And surprise, surprise his cock tastes of banana now."

"Let me try." And of course she did.

The skin was slipped back on and the sliding recommenced. The squelching sound became louder and remarkably reminiscent of the real thing. It certainly made the girls laugh as they took it in turns to grasp the banana.

"Get your camera Kylie and you go and stand by the pool. I want a photo of Banana man!"

I did as I was told and I have the picture in my collection. It is certainly one of the silliest pictures I have of myself but Amy certainly does not have it. I copied and deleted out of time. I certainly was not going to have the risk of that being uploaded onto the Internet! Better still was the picture of Amy with me by the pool; she bending forward and me behind her pretending to be about to fuck her with my enormous banana cock. I still have that as my screensaver on the home PC!

Kylie also got the shot Amy had wanted of the ejaculating banana. I let them keep that. It's a lovely in focus shot with the crisp focus of the yellow banana contrasting with the blue of the lounger, slightly out of focus, behind and from the tip of the banana flies a stream of white semen looking just like what it was. It is a perfect shot - if very, very silly!

It was also a really good orgasm. The slippery, slimy feel on my cock was really rather pleasant, the two naked girls gorgeous and Amy whispering, "Make it a lot of cum," just sent me over the edge.

"Here it comes," I said helpfully - and it did. From the end of the banana my ejaculation just shot out, pulse after pulse as Amy kept the banana skin's end tight against my cock head. It looked absurd but, you can imagine, it was great fun and all because of Amy's little banana panties and bra.
