 Meya was in the kitchen, gloriously naked bar a white apron and leaning heavily over the table, working to pull herself back together in order to make another trip to bring the last of their breakfast to the table. 

Keane, seated at the table and reading the newspaper, looked up at her with a wicked grin. "All right, sexy Minx?" 

There was a slight dampness to her face with a blush to match. She raised her eyes and knew he was thrilled to see her visible struggle with where his morning erotic adventures was leading her. 

"Please..." She whispered with a faint smile on her face, ready to plead her case for satisfaction. 

"Soon, very soon. But lets eat breakfast first, we will need the energy later." And, with that he gave her naked backside cheek a playful slap bringing a moan from her lips. 

"Oh, you do not know what you are creating here." And, with a firming of her shoulders, moved stiffly to finish setting the table. With the last load set on the table, Meya sat herself across from Keane and poured them both a cup of hot peppermint tea. After taking a bite of her omelette, she looked across the table to see if the screen was facing her way as well, instead she caught his eyes. 

With a squirm in her chair to ease the continuous pulsing in her pussy, Meya raised a patient eyebrow in question to his steady gaze. 

"Little One, haven't you forgotten something?" He asked calmly but with a firm tone behind his words that had her dashing a quick look across the table. Not seeing anything missing she looked back at him. 

"The apron is lovely but is blocking my view of your tits." 

"Ahhh. Ooops, I forgot." She offered with a slight giggle, gently stood and moved around the table for his help. 

Standing straight in front of Keane, she lifted her currently linked faux fur bracelets as an excuse and asked, "Will you help me?" With his affirmative nod, she turned around and offered the bow in the back holding the apron closed. After untying the bow, he stood up to lift the apron from around her neck. He reached around her waist and gently pulled her close and leaned over further to drape her apron over the abandoned chair. 

The feel of his bulging prick thrusting against her naked backside was wonderful. Add in the roughened fabric of his black leather pants was close to sensual overload. 

Meya thought he always looked handsome, naked or clothed. But when they played "Master" and he only wore these pants that clung lovingly to every inch from low, seriously low on his hips down to the top of his feet, she found him incredibly irresistible. 

When he straightened back up, he moved both hands to her hips and gentle stroked her hipbones. "Sit on my lap so I may feed you." Keane sat back on his chair and brought her with him. He gently sat her down across his lap so his arm reached behind her and held at her hip. 

She couldn't hold back a wiggle that both his pants and the set of special chain-linked metal spheres he had placed inside her earlier and had advanced beyond the rubbing the legs together stage. With her arms clasped in front of her, her bodacious breasts were pressed close together. Meya knew it was quite a sight for him to see but for her it was just one more thing that was thrusting her up the ladder toward climax. She honestly didn't know how she was going to be able to make it through today. 

"Open wide my little Minx." 

As he fed her breakfast, Keane reflected on how much he enjoyed every moment of days like this one where they just immersed themselves in each other and played erotic games. Master being his favorite mainly because he sat back and watched Meya in a constant state of arousal for the entire time. 

It had started first thing upon waking when she opened to her eyes to find him between her legs. He was thrusting his tongue deep inside her pussy, then pumping it in and out before dragging out some of her juice and going up to softly nibble on her clit and around the lips before starting all over again. When he noticed she was starting to bump back up against his face with more energy, he stopped. 

Keane had thought ahead and had placed the erotic toy under his stomach whilst he had been sipping on Meya so they would be warm when he placed them inside her. Upon placing them in his sexy lover, she softly giggled, knowing this was the start of a masterful day and that she would spend most of it in some sort of sexual situation. 

He knew the spheres drove her to distraction and frustrated her for want of more. The delicate chain that attached the two metal spheres together also had a remainder length that dripped down from her pussy to mid-thigh. The chain slapped gently at her thighs when she walked and glistened with her desire. 

"You are so good, so for a treat, go to the bedroom and bring back your new jewelry set." He knew her body had somewhat calmed down by being able to concentrate on eating and the walk there and back would send her right back to the edge and he was looking forward to seeing those hips shimmy some more. 

He helped her stand and again gave a ass cheek a light tap, just enough to set the spheres knocking against each other and her pussy walls. After hearing her gasp followed by a quiet groan, Keane sat back to enjoy the view. 

Before she disappeared around the corner she looked back over her shoulder and threw him a soft doe-eyed smile. With a breathless tone Meya offered a "Yes, Master," before continuing on toward their bedroom. 

On what he figured was her return trip, Keane heard some moaning from about midway down the hallway. He got up to peer around the corner and found her leaning back against the wall with her furred bracelets rubbing against her mound and what looked like one hand cupping her pussy. On her next moan, he moved out from the kitchen and made his way to her side. 

"Do you need some help little one?" 

"Please, Master, please fuck me. I keep having these orgasms but they are not enough...not nearly enough. I need you, Master. I need you to fuck me." During this plea, Meya had managed to wrap herself around Keane. 

Clasped hands now resting behind his neck allowing her fingers dancing through his hair and her legs, her legs were everywhere. They were entwined with his; one was up high around his thigh the other solid between his on tippy-toes, so that she could bump her mound against his leg while rubbing her breasts back and forth across his chest. Her chain slapped at them both each time she moved against his body. 

"Soon, but first I want to put on your new jewelry." Untangling himself from her affectionate limbs, and upon offering his arm as if a courtier from times gone, asked politely, "Shall we move to the living room?" 

Groaning, she acknowledged the distance to walk, accepted his arm with a graceful nod of her head. There was one moment that they stopped for her to rest her other hand against the wall as another bout of orgasms rushed through her body. Keane noticed she couldn't stop the small humps her hips made, which unfortunately for her sent the spheres again bouncing around and keeping her in a fairly steady and intense state of arousal.

Once she was resting on the couch, he moved to kneel on the floor between her knees. Gently spreading her legs further so he could enjoy her weeping opening while he adorned her beautiful body with precious jewels. 

"Minx, I enjoy seeing your thighs wet, whether with your come or mine. Dripping with pleasure looks very sexy on you. You are flushed and damp all over, but especially here where your cunt is open and begging for my cock to fill it." 

The jewels were on and Keane couldn't resist picking up the clit jewels to let them gently fall before he grasped the spheres chain to tug them free from her cunt. Once they were out he stroked her stomach in a soothing motion. He caught her eyes with his so she could see him suck up the loose chain before placing the metal set in his mouth to better savor her flavors. Seeing her eyes flare gave him a wicked thrill. He knew his dirty words and actions further enflamed his gentle Meya's libido but he was at his raunchiest when they played Master. 

He could tell she was feeling confident that the jewelry was going to be easier to handle than the spheres - Keane had a feeling they wouldn't but didn't tell her that. He took the metal toys from his mouth and set them aside. 

"Shall we?" Again he offered his arm to steady her progress, although he could clearly see her confusion as to what was to happen next he did not let her in on what he had planned. 

"You always look sexy but right now I am personally having a hard time not fucking you here in the hallway. I can smell come on you and I can tell you that my cock is very hungry indeed. How are you feeling now?" 

"Hungry, Master. Hungry for your cock so I can lavish attention on it with my mouth, my hands, my pussy so I can drink your come and bathe in it. Starved, Master, starved for you is how I feel." 

"Well, well, well. That certainly says quite a bit and...sorry, what was that moan for baby?" 

"Master, the jewelry..." 

"Yes, they look lovely on you." 

"Master, they...they are whipping me." 

"Does that hurt you?" He asked after bringing her to an abrupt stop. 

"Nooo, but they are...are whipping m-my pussy and b-breasts. And the pinch, oh Master, the pinch." 

"Yes, they certainly are pinching and whipping. Look at that, it is an intoxicating sight to see. Your tits have these strands of jewels dancing every which way. Your nipples are so hard and standing firmly erect. I also am hungry. I look at these bodacious breasts and feel the need to make them dance, to gnaw, nibble and take a nip here and there. And your cunt, look at it leaving your thighs wet for me - it needs me to lick up every drop before fucking my cock into your depths so I am knocking on your throat for entrance." 

Keane could hear her heavy breathing and knew it was time to push her to the next level of this game. The third bedroom, which is the furthest room from the master bedroom, and one that Meya rarely went into as it had been empty except for a bed. But they agreed he could do whatever he wanted with the room and had been working on it for some time. Now it was finished and dressed for the ravishment of his lover. 

This room was designed for pleasure. These walls were entirely covered in mirrors, as was the ceiling. Behind all the mirrors, ceiling, floors and walls, were multitudes of mini cameras so he could tape their encounters. He has routed the cameras to stream onto a computer housed in their office and will save various encounters from this room for them both to enjoy. 

The bed was high, high enough for him fuck Meya without being limited to being on the bed itself. It was covered with a low pile faux fur in an intense ink black with matching bolsters and pillows tossed around without pattern. At four places on the bed were long ropes of the same black furred fabric, those he added to either restrain Meya or for her to hold onto. There were drawers in the bed that held space for toys and a hook in one corner for a swing he had heard about but had yet to acquire. 

Meya had yet to notice where they were, she was still in the throes of the "gentle whipping" aftermath. For the debut of the room, Keane pulled a blindfold from off the doorknob and tied it behind her head, which brought about a gasp. Reaching up with her still bound hands she touched it gently. He turned her around so she now faced the doorway and turned the knob, pushing the door open. 

"Master?" 

"It is all right Minx, I will never let anything bad happen to you." With that he gently nudged her forward and closed the door behind them. The quiet click registered with her and, even with his hands on her shoulders, she was stiff. "Shhh, breathe, it is all right, I am right here with you." 

Keane reached down, moved her bound hands over his head and reached down to gently heft the weight of a breast in each hand. Pressed firmly and comfortingly against her back and with his rigid cock firmly thrust against her backside, he set about soothing her fears. 

"Are you ready to see my surprise for you?" 

"Y-yes, Master." 

Not willing to let go of her breasts, Keane used his teeth to pull the blindfold off. 

Meya blinked her eyes; this was not what she had been expecting - although she admitted to not knowing if she expected anything. 

The room was simply wicked and sexy, and spoke volumes of Keane's erotic fantasies, which were so often in sync with her own. Seeing various angles of their clinched bodies reflected back for her to view was one of the most erotic sights she knew she would ever view. The only piece of furniture in the room bellowed with his sensual touch and the mirrored surfaces roared loudly with his need to watch her enjoy the pleasure he gave her. 

It also spoke of how he felt about them as a couple. It was all about them, with no one and nothing else to enter the equation. They lived for each other's love, happiness, health and pleasures. But most of all, she knew his biggest fear in life was to loose that which he held dearest - her. 

"Well, Stud, I am feeling beyond naughty just standing here. You had better get me off and soon if I am to survive the erotic vibes radiating around this room." 

Keane's answer was delivered with a chuckle and gently squeezed the breast in each hand before lifting them up and letting them fall down naturally, setting off the strands of jewels again. As he smoothed his hands down her soft belly to grasp hold of her hips, he started rocking her back and forth against his hard-on, just enough to start all the jewels whipping. Leading Meya down a sensual path toward another rung up toward a mind busting orgasm. 

Her moans came from deep within herself, but did not satisfy her, they merely left her wanting more. 

"Does my little Minx need to climax?" He asked whilst rocking her back and forth, occasionally thrusting his rigid cock against her lovely buttocks. 

Meya loved this Master game of theirs. She was a shy but comfortable and confident woman and once the moment because sexual and Keane called all the shots and gave her many pleasures was also very freeing. She knew that one of his biggest turn-ons was seeing her pleasure rise. 

"Yes, Master, yes." 

"First, I would like to enjoy this incredible sight before me. Walk for me baby, walk around and get to know the room." 

He lifted her arms from around his head, took off the linked bracelets she wore, dropped them on the floor and stepped back from her. With legs casually crossed at the ankles and his arms folded over his chest, Keane leaned back against the door, ready to enjoy her. Because of his casual stance, except for his raging hard-on, Meya decided to knock him down a peg or two and work him into a frenzied frame of mind. 

"Yes, Master," she purred. 

She walked slowly, with a rolling hip movement that drove her nuts, to the bed and rubbed a hand along the soft, sensual fabric. As she walked around the bed, dragging her fingers along beside her, picking up or stroking a pillow here and there, only to pause when she found the first of the four attached roped fabric. With an eyebrow raised she held it up and faced Keane. 

"What is this?" 

When he didn't immediately answer her, she looked again at what she held. Holding a section of the rope, cupping its thick solid width and rubbing it firmly down to the end, Meya watched him closely from beneath lowered lids. She stroked the roped fabric as if it were his cock but still had no idea why it was attached to their playroom's bed. 

Having still had no answer from him she started to rub the end down her body and was inspired when she saw his eyes flare open. Taking the firm rope and lightly tapping her breast caused her to groan softly and her eyes to drift further to close. 

"Is this what it is for, Master?" 

"No, but it is an inspired idea. Thank you." His voice was low and rough. She knew the gruffness was from pleasure and enjoyed her small victory. Striving for more led to Meya tapping her other breast and then turned so he could see and tapped a bottom cheek. 

She continued around the bed picking up some pillows and stroking others. She walked to the wall opposite Keane and looked to her right where she could see him reflected beside her. With her legs braced apart and back a few feet back from the wall so she was braced on her hands, Meya set out to wreck some havoc on her cool Master, and bent over fully at her waist. 

With her breasts hanging down, she worked the mirrored wall and floor by squatting down, shaking her chest, raising back up and letting loose a hip shaking shimmy before doing it all again. She worked to entice the reflective image of Keane to move. With a quick move he stepped away from the door and with his hands on his hips and legs braced as if onboard the deck of a rolling ship, he started to let loose the words that he knew would send her over the edge. 

"That's it sexy Minx, work that mirror. Are you turning yourself on as much as me? Do you see how fucking sexy you look? Look at your cunt all open and dripping, being whipped into a frantic state by your own movements." 

"Oh, Master, please..." 

"Ah, baby," he soothed as he walked towards her quivering body. He could tell she needed to climax before she could reach for the next level that hung above their heads waiting to be grasped. 

Putting his arms around her waist he pulled her up to rest against his own strength. From behind he thrust a thigh between her thighs and rubbed his covered limb gently back and forth. He took a deep breath to steady himself and ended up inhaling her special eloquent blend of aromas. 

"You smell of desire, can you smell your desire?" 

Keane stepped them slightly closer to the mirror and watched as her eyes caught his in the mirror, watched as she took a breath and nodded her assent to his query - he knew she could smell herself as it was a scent that was screaming for satisfaction. She had turned him on with her little impromptu seduction. He was full of purpose, pride and the need to please and be pleased. 

"Master, may I come?" With her arm braced against the mirrored wall and his leg sending her clit into another world it was a forgone conclusion. 

"Play with your tits Minx, and I'll fuck you against my leg. When I say come you may." 

Once Meya had her breasts in hand Keane firmed his grasp on her hips and rubbed her pussy over his roughened leg. Quickening the pace had her unable to do more than hold her breasts firmly whilst being whipped by her jewels. 

"That is it, moan to your hearts content. I know you love this, look at the juices you are leaving on my leg. See how it glistens with your desire?" 

When he saw her eyes flare at the moist trail she was leaving on his leg he knew he had her. He could only wickedly grin when, upon seeing lust and love reflect back at her, she defiantly released her breasts so they danced wildly to the rhythm he set. 

Meya reached behind her to grasp hold of his ass and held on. 

"Shit." 

Her breasts caught his eyes and he could think of nothing beyond getting he hands and mouth on them, to soothe the loving beating they were taking. 

"Come!" 

Screaming out her pleasure, he waited for her to return to some type of control. 

"Come, to the bed." He sent her ahead of him with a gentle tap to her butt cheek. "Let's see what we can do about striving further for satisfaction." 

Watching her walk toward the bed with soft hip swaying movements was enticing, seeing her luscious figure kneel while facing him was erotic. But when she slowly laid her pale beautifully bare figure back amongst the black of the bed had him stripping his pants off with all speed to join her. 
