 While it’s not necessary, it’s recommended you read the first part of Time Runs Wild, found 

I closed my eyes, feeling her hand start rubbing my cock. I felt several emotions running through my system. In a heartbeat, I turned off my hormones. I gently grabbed her hand, and pulled it off me.

"No." I said quietly.

Sara blinked at me

"What?"

"You heard me. I said No. This…This isn't right. I'm sorry, but we're not... I mean... I'm not... No."

"Bu-...but you and Jul-"

"I know." I turned to Julie, who was now sitting up, wrapping my shirt around her naked body. "And it was…uhmm….," my voice softened "incredible."

"But," I turned back to Sara, "It was a mistake. I'm sorry. To both of you. But I'm not doing this."

"Mike" Julie started.

I turned to Julie, feeling my temper start to flare.

"No, I think I've heard quite enough from YOU, young lady. Now, clothes on, both of you."

"But-"

"Both of you, Julie. NOW."

Julie looked pissed, and Sara looked like she was going to cry. And I was standing there butt naked, my hard penis ironically accentuating every thing I said.

"I'm going to take a shower. When I get out, you two are going to be sitting on the couch in the living room, fully dressed, and we're going to have a chat."

They kept staring at me; They were upset, and now I was pissed.

"Well? Go change."

I stalked out of the room, and walked into the bathroom, slamming the door.

--

I turned the knob in the shower to Very Fucking Hot, and walked in. The water was almost painful but I really didn't care. I felt pissed off, turned on, and really really guilty.

It couldn't have been more than 2 hours ago, that Julie and Sara had shown up at my school, dressed like rejects from a Britney Spears video, flashing their cleavage like they were expensive hookers. I brought them back to my place, and found myself quickly seduced by Julie.

While most people wouldn't mind having sex with a knockout like Julie(and then being propositioned by Sara) I'm not "most people". When I had met the girls at camp years ago, I had been the Counselor From Hell. I followed the rules, and made sure that the kids did the same. So when it came to interaction between myself and the female campers, I played it by the book.

I had worked at the camp for several years, and both Julie and Sara had been there for most of that time period. While I thought both girls were attractive, I always considered them "students", and myself the "teacher". And unless I wanted to become the star of the "movie of the week" as the teacher who seduced a student, or some other nonsense, I wasn't going to touch them. 

Not ever. And now, I had, and I felt like complete shit, which is why I had snapped at them. Standing there, seeing Sara with her hand down her pants, and Julie lying on the table, shuddering from the orgasm that had just wracked her body, had brought it back into perspective for me.

I had just fucked one of my students. And it felt so very very wrong.

My hands were pushing against the wall, while the steaming water ran over my bowed head; I had no idea what the hell to do.

"Hi."

My head snapped to the left, as I saw Julie's silhouette through the shower curtain. 

Of course I had forgotten to lock the bathroom door. 

"You shouldn't be in here" I said quietly. She responded by pulling the door open to the shower and walked in.

We stood there staring at each other through the steam of the shower for a moment.

"Why are you acting like this?" She asked softly.

I closed my eyes in shame. "Because this isn't right. I feel like some fucking pedophile after screwing you."

"We're almost 21, you know."

"But I don't think of you that way. You're one of my 'kids'. Both of you. And teachers and students… that's a no-no."

"You're angry with us", she said.

"Yes. No. I mean…. shit. I'm angry, but not with you. I shouldn't have let things go that far, and it's not right, and… you know."

She gave me an intense look. 

"You know, we're not your campers anymore. There's nothing wrong with what we did."

"Yeah, I know, it's just... well, you form a picture of someone in your head, and after awhile, it gets hard to change that picture. I don't think of the two of you as people I would hook up with; You're my students, and teachers don't…you know..."

She was quiet for a moment. Then she looked up at me.

"I guess I'm just going to help you change your picture of me, then."

I blinked as she took a step forward, pressing her body against me. She placed one hand on my chest, and the other on my cock.

"You need to stop this whole student/teacher thing" she whispered. "Sara and I are big girls now." She grinned and looked down at my crotch. "And you're obviously a big boy."

I closed my eyes again, confused.

"We're not 16 anymore. We know what we want."

A million thoughts and emotions running through my head, as I rationalized and debated what to do next. After a minute or so, I opened my eyes and looked at her, and with a slight nod of the head, acquiesced.

I felt her hands move down my back, her fingers drawing different shapes over my skin. Her hands felt like they were shooting electricity up and down my spine.

She looked up at me, as she started grinding her body against mine. I felt my hips unconsciously shift against hers in response. As confused as my mind was, my body knew what it wanted.

Her left hand reached down and grabbed my ass, as her right hand moved up to the back of my neck. I felt her fingernails run across the back of my neck, which sent a shiver through my body.

She smiled, as her hands kept working their magic on me.

"Like that?"

"Uhm, yeah….oh boy..."

The "oh boy" was a result of Julie pulling back from me, then positioning her breasts in such a way that her nipples were pressed directly against my chest. She then started moving her breasts so that the tips of her nipples were lightly sketching little designs all over my chest. 

The combination of her hands on my neck and back, along with her nipples rubbing my chest was enough to get me completely aroused. Compared to me, Julie was so short that she only had to bend her knees a little bit to have my erect cock lined up in her cleavage. She used her hands to push her tits together, and started moving them up and down against my cock.

I closed my eyes and leaned back, as I felt Julie's tongue snake against the tip of my cock. She stopped rubbing her tits against my cock, and got down on her knees. She then opened her mouth and swallowed my cock whole.

My hands ran through Julie's hair as her tongue ran circles around my dick; She started pulling her mouth slowly off, while still sucking hard on my cock. When she got to the tip, she pulled her lips off with a loud "pop" that made me grunt.

"Jesus…where did you learn th- uhh…."

Apparently she didn't want me talking, because her fingernails were running all over my balls, while she ran her tongue along the underside of my penis. I pulled her head closer, and her mouth engulfed my cock again.

Julie managed to swallow all 7 inches of my dick, and as she pulled her mouth off of it, her hands grasped me, and she started pulling back and forth. She started teasing the top with her tongue, lick, sucking, and kissing, while her hands continued jerking me off.

I almost jumped, when I felt her teeth lightly bite the tip of my cock. She then started running her teeth along my cock, stopping to bite or nip my penis here and there. The feeling was both scary and erotic at the same time. 

Her hands were alternating between jerking me off, and rubbing my balls. She started paying more attention to jerking me off, when her mouth started sucking on my sac.

I was now groaning as her hands and mouth moved back and forth between my dick and my balls. As she started moving faster, I heard her moan out loud. I looked down, and saw her left hand between her legs, rubbing furiously.

She pulled her mouth off my balls, and then started fucking my cock with her mouth. She ran her mouth up and down my penis fast, as she ran her fingers in and out of her pussy; I helped the rhythm of her mouth, by pushing it against my hips and I thrusted against her face. 

Julie managed to keep her mouth on my cock, breathing through her nose; I felt like I was fucking a vacuum, because she wouldn't let any air inside her mouth. 

The combination of her mouth on my cock, and the sounds of her fingers sloshing in and out of her cunt was enough to send me over the edge, as my balls tightened, and I came right in her mouth.

Moments after my first load blew into her mouth, I felt Julie's body turn rigid, as she started to come. She pushed her mouth right against the base of my penis, and sucked me off for all it was worth, while the rest of her body spasmed against my legs and the floor.

I have no idea how many times I came in her mouth, but it felt like hours before my hips stopped bucking, and she pulled her mouth off of me.

"Holy… Fucking….God…" I sputtered out.

"Hmm… " she moaned, curling up on the floor of the shower.

I leaned against the wall, and sank to the floor, next to her. She immediately crawled between my legs, and laid her head on my stomach, wrapping her arms around me.

I put my fingers under her chin, and pulled her mouth up to mine, kissing her gently. Our tongues then started to intertwine as we started making out, the water running over us.

A few minutes later, she pulled away and looked at me.

"I can't believe that you'd kiss me after…"

"Yeah, well, it's not fair to ask girls to do that if you're not willing. Honestly, the girls only get a kiss if it was really really good."

She blushed.

"Thank you" she mumbled.

We lay there for a couple minutes. I started to get up and she protested.

"I have to get up, or I'm going to shrivel into a wrinkled prune, Julie."

She looked down at my penis and smiled wickedly.

"Doesn't look wrinkled or shriveled to me."

"Up, woman. I've got to talk to Sara."

She sighed dramatically, and pulled herself out of the shower. I admired her toned legs and firm ass, as she walked out of the shower.

"You got any towels in here? I need to dry off."

"Yeah, hold on."

I walked over to the lined closet, and pulled out a couple towels. I threw one around my waist, and then walked over to Julie.

"I think you're going to need help drying off" I said quietly.

"Really? Oh…. uhmm…" She whispered, as I wrapped the towel around her body, running my hands up and down her stomach. She leaned into me, as my hands worked their way between her legs. I ran my fingers along her pussy lips, moving them up and down, as her ass started to grind against my crotch.

"Ohh... that's just… ohhh, Mike...", she moaned, laying her head back against my chest.

I stopped abruptly.

"Whoops, look at the time. Gotta go." I said, walking away with a smile on my face.

"Oh you… You Suck, Mike".

I turned around, as I walked out the bathroom door.

"Maybe later." I grinned.

--

I went into my room and put on a fresh shirt and khakis. I left my bedroom and stuck my head into the guest room, looking for Sara. Julie was standing there, brushing her hair, still wearing the towel.

"Where's the other troublemaker?" I asked.

"Out in the living room. She thinks we should leave."

"I'll go talk to her. Give us a couple minutes?"

"Sure."

I walked out into the living room. Sara was sitting on the couch, her back to me. As I rounded the corner, I saw her bags sitting on the floor by her feet.

"Hey," I said softly.

She looked over at me, and I could see she had been crying. Now I felt like a schmuck.

"I think we're going" she said quietly, refusing to meet my gaze.

"Really?"

"…Yeah."

"That what you want, Sara?"

"I ... I don't know."

There was a moment of awkward silence.

"Look, I probably overreacted earlier. The whole thing felt really fucking weird, honestly, and I handled it poorly. I'm sorry."

She didn't say anything, and then she looked at me.

"You should be. You were a dick."

"Yeah, you're probably right. I do that once in a while. The whole 'dick' thing."

"I know. I saw." she grinned.

"Har fucking Har," I chortled. "So, we cool?"

"Yeah, I think so."

We were quiet for a moment. I stared at Sara, still wearing her Britney-outfit, and still showing way too much cleavage. Seeing the little vixen sitting there gave me an idea.

"Good. Lie down on the couch."

"…what?"

"I said lie down on the couch. Get to it."

A puzzled look crossed her face.

"Uhm, okay. Like this?" she asked. She lay down on her back, her arms folded across her chest.

I stood up and walked over to the couch, standing over her. She looked up at me, her eyes running over my noticeable erection poking out through my pants. She started running her right hand up the inside of my left leg. I closed my eyes briefly and thought of letting Sara have some fun, but I decided that I would be the one calling the shots here.

"Ah ah ah…" I whispered, getting down on my knees by the couch. 

"Wh-?" Her eyes opened in surprise as I placed a finger over her lips.

"Shush, little one. Just relax for a few minutes."

I gently ran my right hand over her face, pausing momentarily on her lips. I felt her lower lip shudder briefly against my touch, and she tried to use her tongue to pull them into her mouth. I once again resisted the urge to let her do as she please, and continued moving my hands over her face, then down to her neck.

Leaning over the couch, I lifted her head up, and gently kissed the tip of her chin, then worked straight down her neck. Moving ever so slowly, I reached the base of her neck, and then started to move down to the space between her breasts. 

When I got down to the point where her clothes were in the way, I paused, and then started kissing my way back up to her neck.

My right hand reached over and unbuttoned the bottom buttons on her shirt, so that only the two middle buttons were still buttoned. I pulled my face off her neck, and looked down at my handiwork.

Lying there, with her white shirt barely on, Sara was breathing heavily, her stomach rising and falling rapidly. Her breasts were sticking straight up, looking like two mountains of flesh, waiting to be devoured. Peeking out from underneath the bra, and her shirt were two very erect nipple.

I started rubbing her legs, working the outside, then the inside of her legs, making sure to never come in contact with her crotch.

I moved my lips to the left side of her abdomen area; I started kissing her sides, working in towards her navel. I felt her stomach start to pump up and down even faster. I looked up at her in surprise.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes yesyes… I just… That just feels so good."

I smiled, as I moved my hand up the waist of her pants. I started running my fingers right under the waist of her pants, rubbing the skin under her abdomen. I started running my tongue in little patterns over her stomach, working down towards her waist.

My finger undid the button on her pants, which was followed by the unzipping of her zipper. As I started pulling her pants down off of her body, her pelvis lifted off the couch in an effort to help with the removal.

I tossed her pants over my shoulder, and starting massaging her legs, working from her calves, and moving up towards her knees. I started kissing the inside of her left leg, while kneading her right leg with both my hands. Once I start reached her crotch area, I switched legs, kissing the right, and rubbing the left.

I could feel her body try to push my hands up higher, but I refused to give in until both of her legs had been properly warmed up. Once I had done both legs several times, I shifted my body so that I could be face-to-face with her; I leaned in and gently kissed her, surprised by her reaction.

Sara's hands wrapped around my head tightly, running her hands through my hair like there was no tomorrow. Her mouth latched onto mine hungrily, her tongue invading my mouth furiously, twirling around my tongue and teeth.

Caught off-guard by how my face was being attacked by Sara, I paused for a moment, before running the fingernails of my right hand along the inside of her thighs. Still making out passionately, her legs pressed against my hands, pushing them up towards her panty-clad crotch.

Taking the bait, I ran my finger lightly over her panties. To my surprise, they were drenched; I could feel the folds of her pussy against them. As I rubbed her crotch, she started to moan through my mouth.

"Harder… harder, please…"

I pushed down against her pussy, causing the panties to rub against her; Her hips started to buck against my palm, as juices started flowing between her legs and down onto the couch.

"Mmh… oohhh goddd…… mmmm…. ohhhh…I'm cumming… I'm cumming, oh it feels Oh Mike..." she moaned, her body caught up in the orgasm. She pulled my head to her face, her mouth thrashing against mine, tongues twirling. As her body went limp, I slowed my hand down, and ran my fingers along the inside of her upper thigh, collecting some of her juices on my fingers. 

I pulled back from our kiss, and smiled at her, running my cum-drenched finger into my mouth, tasting her sweet juices. Her eyes widened, and her tongue flicked out of her mouth. I felt her hands pull me back into her embrace, and immediately her tongue was in my mouth, licking out all of her cum...

I started kissing her face, and moved down to her neck, while my hands started unbuttoning the last couple buttons of her shirt. Her shirt completely undone, I ran my hands over the bra holding her tits up. I gently tweaked her nipples between my fingers. Her chest pushed up against me in response. I smiled and stopped rubbing her tits.

"Nooo… don't stop… please, Mike…" she groaned.

I grinned, and reached underneath her, unsnapping the bra. I paused for a moment, and then ripped it off, and sunk my teeth down onto her breasts.

Sara shrieked out loud, as my teeth started gently knawing on her tits. When I caught her nipple between my teeth, I began flicking it with my tongue. After a few minutes of her body thrashing underneath me, I switched to the other nipple. Between my mouth and my tongue, her nipples were teased, sucked, nibbled and devoured handsomely.

"uh...uh…uh…fuck… I want to ride you" she whispered.

I raised an eyebrow. 

"Oh, really?" I smiled

She growled at me, sat up, and grabbed my shirt. Caught by surprise, I felt my arms jerk up in the air as my shirt went flying. She pulled me up on the couch, and threw me down. 

Surprised by her strength, not to mention really turned on, I watched as she stood up, and unrolled her drenched panties off her body, so that she was totally naked. In a flurry of activity, she leaned over, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my dick.

She pulled my pants off, and threw them onto the now-littered-with-discarded-clothing living room floor. She lifted her right leg onto the inside of the couch, and placed her dripping pussy directly over my engorged cock. With one hand on my dick, and the other on the couch for leverage, she adjusted her position, took a breath, and impaled herself straight down onto my penis, with a loud grunt.

"Oh yeah…" she moaned. She started swiveling her hips, bringing her pussy farther down, until she had enveloped my cock whole. A huge smile showed on her face, as she leaned back, her tits standing straight up in the air, and she started thrusting up and down on my erect dick.
