 Divorced with grown up kids, Lorraine was fed up with having to wait for a guy she met online to return from Australia. After several years texting and phoning, and with Mike coming up with what seemed to be excuse after excuse that he could not get back to England because of work commitments, and nursing his sick sister -she suggested they gave themselves a break and not contact each other until he was ready to return to England, when hopefully they would finally meet each other...

Consequently, and not hearing from Mike for nearly a year, she was urged by her friends to give Mike up as a bad job, that did she really love him, and was that possible without having met him? She decided to try a dating site to find the guy of her dreams.

She'd had enough heartbreak and became so depressed, having so looked forward to meeting Mike with whom she had shared the most intimate things. 

For Lorraine, Mike was her world and he said he felt the same way. Her friends urged her to forget and move on. There were plenty more guys out there who would tick the right box. So she took their advice, put Mike behind her and went for it. She wanted to move on, but Mike, who felt responsible for being with his dying sister, was compelled to hold back.

Lorraine's a very attractive woman with a very sexy figure and the looks of Audrey Hepburn. Posting her picture on the dating site she soon got plenty of interest. Sometimes up to forty guys a day wanted to talk to her. Up to that time and although she had been married to John for thirteen years, she was comparatively innocent of the ways and wherefores of online dating. She had weird and wonderful guys of all ages wanting to date her; but with a little help from her best pal Steph, she was able to finally sift out a guy she liked, and someone who seemed to have much in common with her.

She dated Danny, aged 50, from Manchester, a tall handsome guy she liked very much and, in consequence, she joined him for a drink and, after long exchanges, invited him to her place on the strength of his personality and sense of humour.

They seemed immediately chemically drawn to each other and Lorraine felt it was so perfect that she'd met a guy who seemed so very sincere and honest.

He looked very distinguished with his slight greying hair

For her, having been so long without a real guy to love, she felt she wanted to be adventurous and certainly Danny's charm made her feel comfortable with him

She immediately felt a chemical attraction which was mutual.

He was a real gentleman... They got talking over a glass of wine and it wasn't long before he joined her on the settee, saying how much he liked her and how he would love to see more of her and maybe commit with her.

"That is what I am looking for," she said earnestly. She told him she had been without a guy since she divorced John thirteen years before.

She was a passionate woman and still in the prime of her life, she decided to start a new life and enjoy herself into the bargain. She felt utterly devastated that Mike could not fulfil his promise to meet her. She cried a lot, too much. Now it was time to sink or swim, she chose the latter.

She felt determined to chill with Danny. She would take the bull by the horns if necessary. For too long she had been sexually frustrated just pretending over the telephone and sexting. Now she wanted the real thing, and in her present mode she was very gullible.

There she was sat beside a lovely guy who looked much younger than his fifty years and, after talking about their lives she felt warmed when he placed his arm around her shoulders and kissed her so sensually. It was a dream; a veritable burst of passion seemed to come out of hiding. Yes, this really was for real, how she wanted that to be special with Danny. 

She felt he was sincere and she learned they had a lot in common regarding lack of confidence.

She easily responded, enjoying the smell of his aftershave and his gentle manner. Gentle but firm as the kiss grew and for the first time for so long, she was enjoying the sensation of his exploring kiss; aroused by his touch upon her breast.

It followed that when he undid her blouse and bra a shiver shot up her spine. Then without hesitation he was readily orally enjoying her breasts.

"Shouldn't we wait to get to know each other a bit more Danny?" she asked unconvincingly.

"But why Lorraine, you like me don't you?"

For a little while at first Danny seemed apprehensive about being close to Lorraine. But she had this unique way of guiding him in the right direction which gave him the incentive to be bolder.

She placed her hand over his, which now was embracing her around her waist and nodded to the affirmative. She was determined to enjoy this brand new experience with someone she hardly knew, and yet she felt she did. His kiss was warm and soothing and it seemed natural to tease his tongue with hers.

From that point is seemed they were lovers. He guided her hand down to his rising swelling and she felt quite at ease with that. He was lovely to touch and squeeze, so lovely. It felt so good and pliable and his vocal responses aroused the woman in her. The woman that had been trapped in her own skin for so long, the woman who was just about to share the passion of a guy who said he had not been with a woman for a long time.

Pausing the kiss he looked her straight into the eyes, telling her she was really amazing and so young looking for her age. She was flattered by his compliments saying that flattery would get him everywhere, to which he replied; "I hope so" and then instinctively feeling his swell rise, she stroked him there and he prompted her to release his belt, and without further ado, he slipped down his trousers and his boxer shorts. 

She shivered when she saw that he was well endowed and ready for her blessing. 

"You don't waste anytime do you Danny?" she chuckled, enjoying the scene before her, tempted by his wonderfully fit lean body and his masculine stance.

"Why waste time? I could tell by your kiss you wanted to go further. "

Lorraine blushed. Thinking why shouldn't' she go for it. The vibrator she'd bought some time ago from Ann Summers had done its job in gratifying a need but it could never surpass flesh and blood, 

Time for her to move onwards. And enjoy her life. It was also time for her just to let go and enjoy this hunk of masculinity now standing there before her, his prominence standing upright like a guard on sentry duty as if awaiting her touch. She wanted to put that to rights. 

She closed her eyes. No more the imagining with Mike on the phone. No more listening to each other reach an orgasm. This was for real. She remembered the smell of sex and there it was, ready to pleasure and enjoy.

She felt Danny cradle the back of her head as she crouched down to him, gently guiding her to his prominence. Closer, she felt his warmth and loved the touch of masculinity again as her hand found his length and toyed with it. But most of all she savored the touch and taste of real cock as, with thumb and forefinger, she stretched him tight back very slowly and sensually to give head, enjoying and teasing his p-hole with her tongue.

Danny enjoyed her spoiling, grunted she was a real natural... And that she was awesome. This was his lucky day and they were both besotted by each other's charms. As Lorraine passionately sucked he felt the need for more, managing to release his cock away from her tight hold and, whispering that he'd like some of the same with her...



He moved his head down to her and relished her pussy through her black and red thong...

She went along with that. She'd made up her mind she wanted to move on and nothing would stop her. She vowed that if she found the right guy she would let her hair down big time and release all those pent up feelings she had spent only superficially with Mike. It seemed nice at the time but only with harboring the thought of things to come, that he would meet her soon. But that never happened.

Her aim was primarily just to meet friends on the dating site. She was somewhat naive about the set up and when she posted her pictures on site she immediately had lots of contacts wanting to meet her.

Her pictures did her justice and she looked very sexy and gorgeous. Given the advice of local friends and, as said, she spent time sorting out the weirdo's from those whom she surmised were the genuine guys. It didn't take long to realize when meeting a guy she thought she would like to see, chatted about his interests and so forth, and would they be looking for a committed relationship? 

That was after her first encounter with an Italian guy who, over coffee in a local café, kept talking about how nice she would be in a shower, and how he could give her a body massage. He did not seem to have a clue how to treat a woman. Not a woman like her, she didn't want casual sex or a quickie in the back of his car. She soon put him off.

But now she had met gorgeous Danny; She told him how most guys who approached her, their minds were in their trousers and she couldn't go for that, She did not want to appear cheap But she did fall for the charms of the very tall and handsome and very appealing guy now sat beside her.

He seemed to fulfill all her emotional needs as well as her passion to feel wanted again no matter what. She decided to let all those stupid inhibitions go once and for all - and the very gentle and considerate lover who was Danny seemed perfectly to fit the bill. Just to feel the thrill of his hands discovering her everywhere was beautiful and she knew then she would be anything he wanted. When he asked if she did anal she said it would be nice, because that is what her ex liked to do, so he was absolutely delighted when she performed for him, like she must have done for her ex. Propping her hind up for him after he asked her if she would like to lean over the arm of the settee, it made for a gorgeous deep thrusting anal fuck for Danny who was in his element. She took it deep and prompted him to fuck her harder, each time he slapped her cheeks between each thrust.

Simply the feeling of a real guy inside aroused her passion and she performed like an animal with him. And, spurred by the sensations of his touching and sucking afterwards, she was soon on top of him, urging his strong cock inside her wet pussy, her generous boobs bouncing up and down as she thoroughly enjoyed the wonderful experience she had missed for so very long.

Danny rolled her over, pushed his cock into her from behind, and then straggled her to let her have him all over again. She'd never been fucked like this, not even by her ex who liked to indulge most things.

When she could reach his mouth she made sure her deep French kisses lasted as he enjoyed her with his fingers, teasing and stretching her there until she spurted and it felt so wonderful.

Then she took hold of his cock again, which had just cum, his cream running down the length. She wanted to suck it more, to taste the cream that she had spurned with the relentless sucking and wanking, she just adored cock to the foremost. She was happy and in her element again after so long, and Danny was so very responsive and seemed to understand her needs. He told her he loved her ass. That he felt he loved her as soon as he saw her and, seeing the picture of her on the dating site, he wanted her and her lovely sexy ass; looking so tight and neat in those very sexy blue brush tight jeans.

"You are some woman" Danny said taking a breather after she had fucked him once again, drawing every inch of him into her mouth and throat for a real deep oral sensation.

She came away for him, licking her lips and beaming up to him, looking very happy and satisfied.

"You are not so bad yourself Danny" she responded giving his cock another squeeze and his balls too. He was by now half-mast looking very gratified. She told him that he needed sorting and with a little more teasing, licking and sucking, running her busy tongue up from his anus and beneath his balls he was stiff again.

He moved and stretched his legs so she could get more access. This woman was hungry and he was game for anything. He'd teased her nipples and touched her up, stretched her, fucked her three ways, and still she wanted more cock. Given a little encouragement he surprised himself when, again he reached a new and full erection in her hands, bunched around him, her thumbs teasing his p-hole delightfully.

And this was just their first date!

When he asked her for a second helping by way of dating her again, she felt right with that. She felt that this may just go somewhere. She arranged for him to come to her place when her kids were away.

It would be so nice if Danny made a commitment and in this cause she aimed to share her passion with him completely. His Spanish looks aroused her- and his manner, the way he talked and his sense of humour.

After a wine he asked if he could take her to the bedroom. She had dreamt so long about being with Mike when he came back from Australia and how it would be. They had talked hours about how wonderful it would be and she urged him to tell her what he would like to do with her. He had given her his "Freddy Song" often over the phone when, creaming his cock, he would wank for her pleasure, and she adored the sounds of that. And she would do likewise, massaging her wet pussy they called 'Cherry' for him to hear, when soon they would simultaneously reach a climax and share the sounds of sex. They would speak dirty and constantly she asked for him to squeeze for her and make it spurt for her, so she could hear it. She would cry; "more - more!" and it seemed she could never get enough of that. Mike often wanked himself sore but it was worth it.

But now being with Danny, the things they did on their second date was truly awesome, it was a repeat of the first time but still as adventurous and thrilling. All the time they were learning about each other's wants. He'd fuck her ass first, Lorraine wanted that on all fours on the carpet, but with a couple of firm cushions beneath her knees so she could present herself for Danny the way he loved it, propped up high, her ass looking really sexy as he stretched her ass cheeks open and plunged his mouth between her gorgeous buttocks, savoring the taste of well primed pussy. Then teasing his fingers around and around her anus and pussy to really arouse her, she'd cry out for his fuck, moving and swaying her ass to his deep throbbing thrusts...

He would serve her well that was for certain. To feel his cock throbbing inside her ass and then her pussy - was heaven on earth. And she suckered to it. Moving to his thrusts and crying out as he spanked her firmly between each deep thrust...

The climax was awesome and this time he wanted to show her how he firmly wanked his cock over her face as she teased his balls. Instinctively she opened her mouth in anticipation he soon squirted and she received the gush of his hot cream over her face and into her mouth.

She sucked it up. Licking the excess from her face, then taking his cock into her mouth again, to lick and suck it dry. He'd cum again inside her mouth. She loved that, she loved to feel the surge of cum drench her tongue and trickle down her throat.

She felt perfectly at ease with this lovely beautiful guy with such a gorgeous body, laying there completely naked beside her. The smell of sex allured her to simply touch his chest as he lay there looking very satisfied. Turning and smiling happily at her and telling her just how amazing she was...

As well as pleasing her new guy, she felt wonderfully warm inside and felt a feeling of utter contentment that she had pleased this hulk of a guy who was well over a foot taller than she...

And he had a glorious tackle. She liked big and was not afraid to say when first she saw Danny in his nakedness, when he proudly displayed his maleness for her to examine and approve...

The smell of cock enticed her too. She had forgotten what it was like but then it all came back; the sweet scent of sex. When she slowly put it into her mouth and sucked it slowly and intently...

She was wondering just how she put up with all the waiting with Mike when she could have gratified her high sex drive much earlier.

She began to stroke his chest once more as he placed his hand over hers, asking if she would like to do a sixty nine.

Sixty nines were especially lovely for Lorraine, having a guy pressing between her thighs as she sucked, licked and massaged his cock and balls and sometimes more. It was so good too to stop the massage and simply hold his cock tightly in her mouth as he did the business below. She was able to fully concentrate on the sensation for a few moments as did he, then she tightly wanked him off into her mouth and once more enjoyed the surge arise from his balls, up his stem - spurting like a volcano over her tits.

It was heaven as far as she was concerned and she knew she had done well for Danny when he left for home.

There would be a third date of course. All was going so well. He could only come once a month whatever the reason for that was, she did not pry just in case it hindered something she was enjoying so much, but that would come in time, if her knew romance would develop into a committed relationship, which was the main reason she went onto the dating site, to meet friends and maybe more if a new admirer seemed compatible to her.

With Danny being so busy though, and being unable to see her for weeks she began to have her doubts if he was genuinely interested in her as a person. She had given her all and keep up with the modern trend, or at least what guys said on the dating site was the modern trend, like to go for it at the earliest possible moment, because how else would you know if you were really compatible with each other? - that an old saying that 'you don't know anyone until you have slept with them' is very much the in thing and, provided you fancied someone on those terms , then let your feelings go free.

Occasionally, especially when not seeing Danny, Lorrain's thoughts would flash back to how it was with Mike. But he still hadn't contacted her for some weeks, but they agreed to keep silent until he was ready to come back to the England when they could meet. But she'd had enough; she just had to move on and that was that. She'd been hurt enough.

Now she had made up her mind to forget him and live her life. But she did need to be loved, really loved and still hoped that by becoming intimate with a guy would lead to a loving relationship, even though she was warned by her friends, not to be lured by the charm of some guys, who would do anything to get their leg over with a woman like her, who had the figure, the sex appeal and the 'come to bed' eyes..

Certainly Danny was charming. What they did was mutually consented and, in fact more times than one, prompted by Loraine. She had a natural urge and a passion to excel, and she thought enough about Danny to do that. He had a wonderful manly torso that drove her nuts in the sexual department, and when they kissed for that very first time, it was she who put her tongue into his mouth, the signal that she wanted sex. It was also she who, when they were indulging in heavy petting, was first to touch him - which prompted him to do the same to her.

Now, with the urge getting to desperation, for that is how it seemed, now her passion had been served after so long, and served so beautifully with the very ardent Danny, she craved for his return, parking his posh car outside her house and walking to her door with a very posh suit. 

Well he was a Company Manager, and a very busy one, his excuse for keeping her waiting.

As far as the neighbours were concerned he was an insurance man. She wanted to keep away from scandal, and there was plenty of that with her neighbor doing favors for any old Tom, Dick and Harry.
