 It's been a long week, our time has been limited, our love seems to be tested daily(which with flying colors we always pass, as NOTHING can get in the way of what we share). Are hearts so full of love and our bodies aching to become one. The sound of your voice, so sweet and the look in your eyes, so inviting. I have this endless need to feel you hold me, to have you look me in the eyes and reassure me that your love for me is as strong as ever and that we will one day share a life together. With each day I am getting weaker, my will to wait is weakening, I am breaking. I decide to write you a letter and send it to you. As I am writing my pen seems to be writing what my heart is thinking and not what my mind is telling it to do. As I finish the letter, I decide to proof read it, I cannot believe what I have written.

Hey you,

My heart, my soul, it all belongs to you. I have never been as happy with my life as I have been since the day you became a part of it. You fill me with love, joy and laughter. Each morning whether it is sunny or cloudy, because of you, I awake to the brightest of days. We have worked through everything that seems to come up and we move forward happier than we were the day before. My fear of losing your love can be overwhelming as I feel sometime you are hard to read, but then you say something out of the blue and instantly the doubt fades. You are the hidden treasure I never thought I would find, and I am still not sure how I got to be this lucky but I'm not going to question that, instead I am just going to thank my lucky stars and hope to never let you go. For this and so many other reasons I am sending you these directions, follow them correctly and you will end up at my front door. Let yourself in, the door will be locked but I will leave you a key under the front mat. My husband has gone for a couple of days to visit his parents...I have decided to stay back and get some things done around the house, you being one of them. I know that you are working and if you can not get away I understand, I have called in sick today. If today just does not work text and let me know for we have all weekend to connect. Looking so forward to seeing you and feeling your touch.

All my love,

Gabrielle

It was 8am and I knew that you were not going to be arriving at work until roughly 10am as you had some early morning appointments. I got ready and headed straight down to the university. I found your building and went inside to find your office. With a few helpful people I managed to have the letter placed right in the center of your desk. I then hurried out as I had a few stops on the way home and would hate for you to get there before me.

I got home roughly around 10:15. I had received a morning text from you saying that your appointments were running a bit behind and that you would be a little late getting online. This was great because now I time to get a few things ready and then relax and wait for you. I pulled the blinds, and as it was a slightly cloudy day the candles that I had lit cast a romantic shimmer. Having picked up fresh roses, I used a few and pulled the pedals so that I could use them to lead you directly where I wanted you to come. Starting just inside the doorway, I made a path alternating rose pedals and Hershey kisses and hugs for you to follow. I then sat down and wrote you a note, it read

My Dear Sweet Love,

Please use this key and let yourself in. When inside you will find a path to follow. Follow the path and at the end you will not only find me there, but you will find us! Our love we will no longer have to hold inside, for we will be able to let it express itself freely. Once you have arrived at that end of the path, slow down, be sure to take in and enjoy every second of our first encounter, as this will be the moment that starts the rest of our lives together!

Forever yours Gabrielle

xoxoxox

I attached the key to the note and slipped it under the mat outside.

I then called your office and left you a message! Be sure to look around your desk carefully as there is a little something there from me and that you need to find it before you run out of the office for the day!"

I then head off to the kitchen to chill the wine. Removing it from the fridge I place it in the ice bucket, grab 2 glasses and bring it upstairs so that it is there when we are ready to toast our love.

Making sure that everything else is order, I finish getting ready and await to see if you will manage to get the time away.

At 11:45am I see your car pull into my driveway...as you are pulling in I push the garage door button to allow you to drive in. I then see you through the window approaching the house, I close the garage door and head to the end of the path. My stomach is now full of butterflies for I have caught a quick glimpse of you and can now not wait to feel your hands in mine. The excitement of having you here with me is now out weighing the nerves.

You reach under the mat and find both the key and the letter. You quickly read the letter and enter the house. I hear the door close and you locking the door. You turn around and see the path that I have written about. Eagerly you remove you shoes and make your way along the path. Through the living room, the kitchen and up the stairs. The path ends and you are standing in front of a closed door, the sign on the door reads, If you are truly in love with me proceed inside. You grin and open the door (phew). The door swings open and you look around. The bed is covered in roses, the floor in pedals, the candles are lit and the wine is at our bedside. The only thing that is missing is me! With your back to the doorway I sneak out of the room from directly across the hall and walk up behind you. So taken by what you are looking at you do not hear me approaching you. 

Before you have a chance to turn around, my hands make there way around your waist and my lips make there way to your neck. I softly kiss your neck and then whisper in your ear, "it's about time you got here, I have been waiting you!" You smile, give a little nervous giggle, turn around wrapping your arms around my waist and pull close. Then after a short sweet embrace you put your hands on my hips and push me back at an arms distance away to look me. As this meeting was of the unexpected, I decided to dress a bit unexpected also. I was going to wear my every day clothes and let you unwrap me piece by piece, and although I still planned on allowing you to unwrap me, I choose to give you a bit of a more exciting package to open. Since I was making you skip work I decided to make you feel a bit more like you were still at school, however I really hope the girls at school do not dress this way or I am really in trouble.

Your eyes started at the top and worked their way down. I had my hair done up exposing my neck to your lips, with just a few stands hanging down here and there. As your eyes worked there way down you stopped as our eyes met and then your eyes continued to wander down. When you came upon my lips you leaned in for a soft gentle kiss that melted me on the spot. Moving down once more your eyes widened as you saw me standing there in a black tank top with a cute little plaid skirt, looking much like a naughty, but cute school girl!

Although you are very anxious to find out what is under this cute little outfit, right now you were more about working your way back to my lips where we enjoy a nice long passionate kiss. A kiss that warms our bodies and definitely gets us worked up enough to move on. As I am still standing slightly in the hallway and you in the doorway of my bedroom, with your hands still on my hips and with out breaking our kiss you move me into my room and up against the wall. Your hands slowly move my arms up over my head as your hands slowly glide back down and under my shirt. You lift the shirt up until it is removed from my body. Much to your surprise the unwrapping has only just begun. As I am now standing before you in something that I am sure you will enjoy unwrapping.

As you look at me standing there before you , all that is on your mind now is "one pull of that string and she is all mine" Having waited long enough you decide to grab the ribbon and pull, sure enough the entire top opens wide, exposing my flesh which is longing to feel your touch. I quickly remove you shirt and pull you close to me wanting so much to feel your skin against mine. Still having me up against the wall you lift me slightly and I wrap my legs around you allowing you to carry me over to the bed. You sit me on the edge of the bed and I reach forward to help you slip out of your jeans. 

I undo the button, the zipper and then slide my hands around your waist helping your jeans and anything underneath drop to the floor. There you stand in front on me, naked, adorable, and extremely hard. No way am I passing up this opportunity. I reach around you and place my hands on your ass drawing you closer to me. Leaving my left hand on your ass, my right hand moves around to grasp the shaft of your hardened cock. With a firm hold I lower myself to you, wetting my lips and then gently wrapping them around the tip of you penis. 

With the slight taste of pre-cum I accept the invitation for more. As my tongue circles the tip, my hand is massaging your engorged cock. After plenty of licking and sucking I release you from my mouth and lie back on the bed. You kneel down between my legs and remove my panties. Slightly spreading my legs you begin to kiss my inner thigh, this causing my pussy to glisten. You kiss your way up my thigh until your tongue is close enough to reach out and taste me. After the slightest taste of my sweetness you are sure you want more. Your teeth begin to nibble on my clit causing me to become very wet. 

Every once in awhile you would stop nibbling long enough to suck the juices from my pussy and send your tongue inside for an extra little taste. Having waited so long for this moment neither of us can wait any longer. The need to feel you inside of me is so overpowering and I know that you are eager to enter. I extend my hand down to you and draw you up on to me. Our bodies, like a puzzle, seem to fit perfect. You begin to kiss my neck so tenderly adding in a few nibbles here and there. As my hands move about your body, your hands again take mine and raise them over my head as you mouth works its way from my neck down to my breast. 

You move from breast to breast as tongue circles my nipples until you have them nice and hard. Enjoying every touch I then feel you begin to gently bite and kiss them as your hands are also getting in on some titty play. The way you are touching me has me losing my mind for you seem to know exactly what I like. As you are enjoying my breast I to am enjoying the playfulness, however, I can't help but stay focused on your cock as I can feel it rubbing between my legs. The question of when you are going to enter me has me going crazy. You continue to tease me as you appear to be entering and then pull back for more play. 

Not being able to take much more I turn to my side causing you to move off of me. I now have control. I begin to kiss you and move my body against yours soon forcing you onto your back. Now it is my turn to tease you, however with the amount of sexual tension that I have built up I am not much in the teasing mood. For so long your words have connected my heart to yours, and now with the chance to feel the physical connection right there in front of me, I am powerless to my self control. After only a few kisses I can no longer ignore the feeling of your throbbing cock again between my legs. I position myself slightly and can feel your tip right on the opening of my pussy. With only the slightest downward movement, I would be able to feel every inch of your love. 

Not willing to wait I gently push myself down onto you taking you all in. Using the most delicate movements I take time to memorize exactly how you feel. After a few moments of selfish enjoyment, I place my hands at your sides, lifting myself ever so slightly until my pussy is only covering the tip of your cock. I then begin to move myself rhythmically. With your hands free you are able to move them about my body, and of course to my breast. Not that I am complaining as it seems no matter where your hands move to, they feel amazing. As the sexual excitement builds I feel your hands grip onto my hips moving in rhythm with my body. Being in total control at the moment I am able to position myself so that we are both being satisfied together.

Feeling your cock thicken inside of me nearly brings me to orgasm however I hold off waiting only seconds until you are ready to come with me. With the change in your breathing and sound of my name being said beneath your deep breaths I know you are ready. And with only a few more shallow thrusts I feel the warmth of your love fill me encouraging me to take you deeper inside. 

Our bodies now exhausted in pleasure lie breathlessly snuggled together. You place your hand gently upon my cheek, look into my eyes, whisper "I love you" and kiss me. All that is going through my mind is how amazing it felt to make love to the only man that I have ever loved and how I can not wait to make love to him again!!