 Timing Is Everything - The Hotel

We weren't even to the bed yet, and we were off to the races. This was going  great. As  she fondled my growing cock, she leaned forward and licked my mouth and cheek.  She  moved on to my ear and was nibbling it while undoing my zipper. She whispered in  my  ear, "I may be new to this, but if you will be patient with me, I promise that  you will not  be unhappy". About that time, she had my pants unzipped and was undoing the  belt. She  continued nibbling on my ear and neck, all the while keeping her legs locked  perfectly  straight and erotic. Her legs were spread about two feet as she now had me  pinned to the  wall. I told her I had just one question before we kept going. What's that, she  asked, as  she back off a bit? Oh, I was just wondering how old you are, I said. I don't  mean to  offend you, but you look fairly young, but you are so beautiful and sexy. She  said she  appreciated the compliment and that she was not quite 25.  With that, she slowly  dropped  to her knees, never taking her eyes away from mine. She now had my pants down  around  my ankles and was pulling my underwear down. She tried to keep staring at me but  found  it impossible as my huge cock came in to view. 

Now she froze, not making a move or sound for several seconds as she stared at  my cock.  She grabbed around its girth with one hand while cupping my balls with the other  hand.  She was slowly stroking up and down my already hard cock. Looking up  momentarily,  she said this must be a good nine or ten inches long. I've got to get this in me  now, she  said. I replied that I was flattered, but that my cock was only eight inches  long, while  hard. She just smiled.

Holding my erect cock out forward, she brought her mouth to it and immediately  took me  in. She was licking all around the head and moving in a rhythm up and down. She  didn't  take my whole cock in, to begin with, but as she got a good rhythm going, she  started  taking me deeper. She slowly pulled clear off my cock and then bringing her head  back  down on again. I could feel her trying to adjust her throat so as to take me all  the way in.  I was already getting close to shooting my load. It was not going to be long.  She was  having trouble deep throating me, and she pulled off long enough to apologize.  My cock  was throbbing and ready to blow. I didn't care if she could deep throat or not  at that  point. I told her that if she were not careful, I was going to shoot a load of  cum all over  her. 

She smiled a sly smile and placed her head back down on my cock. She was  pumping and sucking with earnest now, and I felt it start to happen. I have  never felt  anything like that in my life. I mean, my wife gives good head, but there was  some  additional erotic effect because of this young, almost innocent woman. Although  she was  new at this stuff, she was doing a good job of showing that she could handle the  task. She  sensed that I was beginning to ejaculate, and she held her mouth tightly clamped  around  my cock. She continued to pump up and down my cock with her hand as I started to  shoot cum into her mouth. I was so turned on. I could not believe how much cum I  was  putting in her mouth. I could feel her swallowing to keep up with my  ejaculation. There  was some cum seeping out of her mouth but she kept pumping me. She was finally  catching up with swallowing my load as my spasms began to subside. She was now  moving her mouth again and actively trying to lick up all of the excess cum from  my  shaft. She finally pulled off and stood up. 

I was weak in the knees, and I was amazed. That was the best head I have ever  been  given, I said. That was the best head I have ever given, she replied, as she  brought her  mouth to mine. She still had a small amount of my cum on the outside of her  mouth, not  to mention inside. I was not sure what to do. As she French kissed me, I could  taste traces  of my own cum. She was still stroking my limp cock, as she finished kissing me.  Looking  into my eyes, she had an almost pleading look on her face. "I'm so horny", she  said.  Please fuck me. Fuck me now. I need to feel your cock inside me. She told me to  finish  getting undressed and to go lay on the bed. How could I resist that plea?

I was on the bed in a flash, watching her. She walked toward the base of the  bed, and then  on around to the side, closer to me. Never breaking eye contact, not saying a  word, Sandy  had my complete attention as she began to unbutton her blouse. Not only was she  not  wearing a bra, she looked terrific without one. Her tits were beautiful, as they  came into  view. They were perfectly rounded and full, not fake either. She looked even  more sexy  now, and yet, more innocent and young. She now stood before me, wearing only her  skirt, panties and heels. She was now unzipping her skirt. As she slowly lowered  it to the  floor, her legs remained straight, firm and she bent only at the waist. Maybe  she knew,  hell, I think all women know. A guy gets seriously turned on by actions like  that. Her  eyes had not left mine, as she was now removing her panties. No doubt. My cock  was  rapidly coming around. My God, she was hot. She straightened up, and stood  before me  completely nude, except for the high heel pumps. Almost as if she read my mind,  she left  the shoes on. For the first time in minutes, she looked at my straining cock.  All she could  do was smile a devilish grin of accomplishment. She leaned over and climbed on  the bed  with me. My heart raced. I felt like I was on a high. She brought her leg over  me on a  sixty-nine position, and immediately took my cock into her mouth again. Her goal  was  obvious, to get me fully hard and ready so that she could use me to her  fulfillment. As she  moved her head up and down my dick, I stroked her legs and ass, and pulled her  young  pussy down to my mouth. I could still smell her perfume, mixed with her female  essence.  Her cunt was perfect. I wasted no time in using my mouth and tongue to enjoy her  orally.  I could have eaten her out for much longer, but I thought I should warn her  about getting  me close to my second orgasm. 

Sandy climbed off and turned around, lying on the bed very close to my side.  Bringing  her face close to mine, she looked into my eyes again. Please, Mr. Nelson, make  me feel  good. Please fuck me, she said. We were both lying on our sides, facing each  other.  Sandy moved up on top of me, never allowing her tits to leave contact with my  chest. I  was now on my back with Sandy lying warmly on top. I felt her moving into  position and  my cock was pushing at the entrance to her hot cunt. Being wet and ready, she  easily  adjusted, and my cock slid smoothly into her moist cunt. Sandy was moaning,  uncontrollably, as she completely impaled herself onto me. We were still locked  together  closely, and I can't describe the feeling of having her tits pushing on my chest  while my  cock was buried inside Sandy's cunt. She was tight, but well lubed, as she began  a slow  and sensual movement up and down my cock. She was every bit as good at fucking  as my  wife was. 

Holy shit. Why did I have to think that, I wondered? Nothing against my wife.  Actually,  quite the opposite. I was totally racked with guilt. I had not only let this go  way too far,  but I was now, actually fucking this strange 24 year old woman. I was in a real  turmoil.  Sandy's movements and the look her eyes were giving me were about to put me over  the  edge. I had tremendous guilt about cheating on my wife, Meagan. At 33 years old,  Meagan was still very beautiful. She had always done everything sexually that I  had  wanted to do, as had I for her. We have a great marriage, or at least I hoped we  still did. I  was snapped back to reality as Sandy was moaning louder now. She had set upright  and  was riding me hard and fast. Her orgasm was near, and my own orgasm was building  fast. I reached up and grabbed Sandy's boobs, squeezing them hard. This only  seemed to  push Sandy further. She was nearly screaming now. FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK  FUUUCCKKK. I had no more will power. I began to let loose a torrent of sperm  into  Sandy' wet cunt. She shook and quivered violently as her orgasm racked her. My  cock  was still shooting burst after burst of cum, up into Sandy's cunt. I was almost  to black out  from the total intense pleasure I was feeling. Sandy was still screaming and  moaning,  incoherently. She had goose bumps all over her hot body. Her heart rate was as  fast as  one could imagine. She was a tight fuck, and if she was actually not quite 25  years old,  this might explain why she was so turned on with her orgasm. 

Things were calming down now and we just lay there, holding each other. I asked  Sandy  if she was ok. She moved her head to look at me. I'm not only ok, she said, I  think I have  found something that I will want on a regular basis.  

There it was again, the guilt. When Sandy said she would want this on a regular  basis, I  suddenly wondered how I was going to get out of this mess. God, She was good.  She was  not only very good at sex, but she was just flat out good. There was something  about her  that brought new life to me. If I had to come clean with my big con, my lie, I  knew I had  jeopardized a trust that Sandy had built with me. Even as a call girl for an  escort service,  she was still human and would have feelings about this. She would have an  opinion, to  say the least. What would happen to the $1,000 from  Mr. Nelson? Would they have  to  refund that money? I mean, being 33, nearly 34, I have been around in life, more  than  Sandy. I guess she can get over it, but I was having a moment of inner truth. I  felt guilty  for what I had done. I also felt guilty for not wanting it to end. I also felt  guilty for having  ruined a trust between Meagan and myself, and the possibility that our 8 year  marriage  may now be in trouble. I kept thinking about what to do, as I noticed Sandy had  fallen  asleep. I looked at the clock. It was only 12:30 in the afternoon, but I was  tired as well,  and I felt myself drifting off to sleep.

Sandy obviously woke first from our mini-nap. As I woke up, I could hear the  shower  running and Sandy was not on the bed with me anymore. I figured her to be in  cleaning  up. I decided that I too would take a quick shower, so we could start fresh. 

I pulled the shower curtain aside and stepped in as Sandy was just finishing  rinsing the  shampoo out of her hair. She looked hot, all wet and vulnerable. She noticed me  and said  she was glad I came to join her. She began to soap me up and clean me all over.  We  basically rinsed and enjoyed the hot water for a few minutes, and then I was  beginning to  rise to the occasion. Even though Sandy was playing with my cock, I decided that  it was  time to eat her out until she could take no more. We were both cleaned up by now  and we  hurried out of the shower and got all dried off. I led Sandy to the bed, telling  her I was  going to go down on her and enjoy her sweet pussy. As I figured, those comments,  on the  way to the bed, made her nipples erect and gave her goose bumps. 

I layed her down on the bed and instructed her to pull her knees up to her  breasts and to  spread as wide as she could. I learned something about Sandy, at that moment,   that I had  not known before. She had a shit eating grin on her face, as she easily put both  legs back  behind her head. A man can dream of this situation for a long time, but you  can't imagine  the real effect until it happens for you. Sandy was absolutely and completely  exposed and  ready for me to explore and enjoy eating her out. I was amazed. On my way to my  goal,  her sexy, clean-shaven cunt, I asked her how she learned to do that. Her answer  helped to  explain her excellent, well toned body. She is a fittness trainer at one of the  local clubs.  It's easy she said. She told me briefly how she had been very limber and loose  since being  a cheer leader in high school. No shit, go figure. Could I get any luckier? She  said she  could also just spread her legs wide, straight out to the sides, which she  immediately did.  That looked even sexier. I had her do a combination of the two. She spread her  legs very  wide and at the same time, she held her legs back toward the head of the bed. I  was still  amazed and asked if it hurt? No, just quit asking questions and bring me off to  another  orgasm, was her reply. No  problem.

I was between her legs, and I placed a pillow underneath her ass. She was open  and ready  for my tongue as my mouth came down on her mound. Her female essence and smell  was  intoxicatingly good. I tasted and began to probe her opening with my tongue. I  licked all  around her inner and outer lips and found her clit. She moaned and showed signs of being truly turned on. She was whimpering and  moaning constantly now, as I not only focused on her clit with my tongue and  mouth, but  I was also using a finger inside her. Her female juice and natural lubrication  was flowing  heavily now, and I was licking it up as fast as I could. She had a distinctive  taste, and it  was worth experiencing. She was sweeter and more pleasant to eat than most  woman.  Actually, I was now realizing that she was similar to my wife, Meagan, in that  regard.  Sandy was shaking and really getting into it. She was half screaming and begging  for me  to keep going. DON'T STOP! EAT ME EAT ME EAT IT, YES YES YEEESSS  YYYEEES. OH GOD, OH OHHHH  OOOOHHH, I'm cumming. Don't stop. Please  never stop. OH shit, I'm there. 

Hell, I could hardly keep my mouth on her mound. She was thrashing around like  crazy. I  held her tight and pressed my mouth tighter to her cunt. She was indeed  beginning to  cum. At that point, she was now begging me to stop. She was screaming that she  couldn't  take it anymore. TOO SENSITIVE.  PLEASE, NO MORE NO MORE STOP PLEASE.  NO, DON"T STOP YES YES. KEEP ME CUMMING. At that point, I realized she was  all over the place on the start/stop issue. No problem. I decided to keep going,  no matter  what. She was flowing her juices like crazy. What a nice cunt. She was  deffinately good  eating. She was screaming and squirming and basically rolling side to side. Her  orgasm  was subsiding, and I still did not stop. She suddenly went limp, as I continued  to eat her.  She went so limp that I looked up at her. Hell, I think she passed out. I lifted  up off of her  and she just layed there, not moving. 

I have never seen anything like that before. I was not sure what exactly was  going on, and  I could have gotten worried if she haddn't began to move slightly. She had not  moved for  nearly a full minute before she was coming around. She gave out very soft,  subtle moans  and whimpers. Finally, Sandy was moving a bit more and turning her head. She  opened  her eyes and focused on me. I asked her if she was ok, if there was something  wrong. She  trembled a bit and her voice was weak, as she said she would be ok. As she just  lay there,  I was still trying to get up and out from between her legs. I casually touched  her thigh,  near her ever so sensitive mound, and she whimpered again and shook. Holy shit,  she  sure was racked with one hell of an orgasm. I leaned up and softly gave her a  kiss on the  cheek as I got up off the bed. Man, was I ever turned on. I had a huge erection  and the  whole oral encounter that had just happened, really had me worked up. I didn't  think I  should try something just yet though. 

I Left Sandy to go to the kitchenette to get a drink and to bring a drink of  water to Sandy.  By the time I got back, she was doing pretty good and was getting up to sit on  the edge of  the bed. I smiled at her. She was beautiful and sexy, but all so vulnerable in a  way. She  looked back at me and moved her head back and forth, saying that she had never  experienced anything like that before. She made the comment that what I had done  to her,  for her, just then, was the most extreme and intense series of orgasms that she  had ever  had. I asked her if she had much oral sex in the past, not that I wanted to but  in. She said,  no problem, I was ok to ask about her sex life. She felt comfortable in talking  to me by  now. She had a few boy friends who had wanted, or basically demanded, that she  go  down on them, but when it came to cunnilingus, she had no real good experiences  with  guys. Her past boy friends had dabbled a bit with eating her out, but never gave  it the  commitment that she needed or deserved. I can't figure that out, I said. I told  her that she  has the absolute best pussy and tasted the best of any woman I have ever been  with  except my own wife. That was the first I had mentioned to her that I was  married. I  suddenly realized it when she stared at me.

Did I say something wrong, I asked her? No, no, not really. You just mentioned  your  wife. I apologized for it, but she quickly cut me off, saying, no, it's ok.. I  was just taken  back a bit. She said she had merely not given much thought to a client's  personal life,  even though she guessed that most of the men were likely to be married. Since  she was  new to this, she just had not thought about it much, and that is why she had the  look on  her face that she did. I still apologized again, anyway. I told her that I had  been thinking  of Meagan continually since this whole thing had started. I said I was feeling  this  tremendous guilt for having been with you sexually all day. Sandy looked at me,  saying  nothing. I felt like I may have said something wrong again. Who knows what a  woman  thinks? They are complex, and I mean that in a complimentry way. I told Sandy  that I did  not mean to hurt her or offend her, if I had, and that despite my major guilt  feelings, I had  truly enjoyed what I had done with her. She smiled, pointing to my hard-on. I  see you  have another problem, she said. I smiled back and acknowledged that I knew what  she  meant. I told her that I wanted her to take it as a compliment, that she had a  tremendous  effect on me. I told her that I may never get over it, till the day I die, and  that day may  be….. soon, sooner than I think. What do you mean by that, Sandy asked?

When Meagan finds out that I have cheated on her, that I have broken our mutual  trust, I  don't know how she'll react. I love her with all my heart, but I don't have an  explanation  for my actions, other than I fell to the temptations of a Goddess. My wife may  forgive  me, she may kick me out of the house, she may divorce me, or she may kill me.  You're a  good man, for caring, Sandy said. I am not sure Meagan will think of it in that  light, I  said. Sandy reached over and squeezed my leg. It'll be ok. I'm sure you will get  through  this fine, and Meagan will be ok with all of what has taken place, and all of  that guilt will  go away, in time. Ya, I hope so, I said.

By now, all of this had made  me anxious, a bit nervous. My erection had gone  away, and  as I sat there, I decided to take another shower. I stood up and headed for the  shower,  saying I needed a break. As I did so, Sandy jumped up quickly and caught me.  Turning  me around toward her, she held me, kissed me gently on the lips, and then just  held and  hugged me. I didn't know if she was trying to get me worked up, or if she was  just trying  to make me relax or what. All I know is that I did feel a bit better. She backed  off and  smiled at me, saying, trust me, everything will turn out ok. With that, she  patted me on  the ass and told me to have a good shower. I was curious. Trust me? How the hell  can  this call girl say that? How would she know? God knows, I wanted it to be true.  I needed  it to be true. I hoped all would turn out ok.. As I entered the shower, Sandy  told me she  was going to call her sister. She just smiled, as I entered the bathroom. I took  a rather  long shower. I soaked in the hot water for a long time.
