 I have been married to my wife for about ten years and we are very happy together. That doesn't keep me from looking at other attractive women though. My wife's littlest sister, Tina, is about 10 years younger than she is. Tina is in her last year at a large Midwestern university. Since you can do the math, I have know Tina since she was a small child. She has always been cute, but she has blossomed since high school. She is about 5" 4" tall with a great ass and legs that match. She has very small breasts though. Her lips are naturally rose colored and her dishwater blond hair beautifully frames her deep brown eyes. Since Tina was in high school I have fantasized about her but, obviously, I could do no more than that. After she left for college in a town nearby my fantasies continued but I was always afraid to try to do more. Tina was always very shy and seemed to lack confidence in herself. 

Even though she is beautiful and intelligent, she didn't date. However, recently she started dating a guy and I have noticed a major increase in her self-confidence. She occasionally flirts with me now and I have flirted right back. I have been curious what brought about her rise in self-confidence so I thought I would take her to lunch and do some "investigating". On one Thursday afternoon I picked her up at her apartment and under the guise of seeing how classes were going, I took her to lunch at a campus watering hole. When we arrived at the bar, we grabbed a booth and got our menus. While the waitress came by to take our orders, I watched Tina carefully. Tina's eyes could make me melt and her skin looked like pearl. Earlier, when I picked her up I noticed her cut-off jean shorts. Now I noticed the tank top she was wearing and how tightly it snuggled up to her tiny tits.

While we waited for our burgers we both had a beer. Conversation was a comfortable and the beer helped loosen us up more. I told her that I noticed how she seemed like a different person since she began dating. She asked if that was good or bad. "Definitely good," I said. "In what way?" she wanted to know. When I explained that I had always thought someone as attractive as her should have more self-confidence, she wanted to know more. I told Tina that she should be proud of herself and use her attractiveness to her advantage. She smiled and said she knew what I meant because she has just learned that herself. Now I was curious! "How have you learned that?" I asked. She blushed again and just said that things have been going "well" with her boyfriend.

Our food came and along with it another beer. We shot the breeze while we ate and ordered another couple of beers when the food was gone. We were both losing our inhibitions and I managed to direct our conversation toward sex. I asked Tina if she and her boyfriend "messed around". 

She giggled, blushed and said, "Yes. Well, what do you mean? We have done some things." 

"Have you two made love yet?" I asked. Her look of embarrassment was enough to give away the answer. 

I pressed the issue a little more, "Did you like it?"

"Yeah. It's better than I thought."

"Really? What did you think it would be like?" my interest (and other things rose).

"Well, I was afraid it would hurt. Or that he wouldn't like me," she said.

I told her that everyone feels that way at first, but it gets better quickly. Tina asked me if I "messed around" much when I was in college. I answered in the affirmative and I told her that I was very active in college and that I miss the variety. Tina seemed to just be getting warmed up, as she was halfway through her fourth beer. Over the next couple of beers she interviewed me. Trying to get as much knowledge from me about sex as she could. 

Naturally, reliving my experiences to my hot sister-in-law was getting me plenty horny. I thought she was too because I could see her nipples firm up under her tank top. When the waitress delivered another two beers to us, she spilled some on Tina's side of the table. Tina jumped up to avoid as much of the spill as possible. A little got on her, but most of it was directed to the table in front of her and the bench where she had been sitting. The waitress said she would come right back to clean up. Instead of standing and waiting for the cleanup, Tina plopped down next to me. She slid close to me and our legs touched. I could feel her heat and almost smell it! Tina stayed seated next to me after the waitress came and cleaned up.

I couldn't hold it in any longer. I started sharing with her that I have found her attractive for a long time. 

"Really?" she asked with a hint of tease and excitement in her voice. "What do find attractive about me?"

"Well, your firm, thin body for one thing." I said.

"I don't think it is all that great. I don't have any boobs," Tina answered.

"When I look at your tits I think about how firm they must be and I fantasize about sucking on your nipples," I said as I started spilling my guts.

"You do? You think my boobs are sexy?" she asked.

"Yes. Your tits and your tight ass drive me crazy."

"How crazy?" she asked as her right hand slipped onto my left thigh.

Her movement caught me by surprise and I stammered while her hand slid closer to my cock. "My! That's pretty crazy!" she said when she found my hard cock through my slacks. I said nothing more and the look of lust in her eyes told me everything I wanted to hear.

"Let's get out of here," we said simultaneously.

We went back to her apartment and her roommates were gone, fortunately. As soon as we walked in the door, I turned her around and pressed my body hard against hers. I bent down and kissed her lips. She offered no resistance as I stuck my tongue in her mouth. I couldn't waste any time and I grabbed her tank top and lifted it off over her head. I unhooked her bra and stepped back so I could see her tits for the first time. They were just as I had dreamed. Her tiny tits were almost all nipple. Her nipples were hard as my cock and stuck out almost half an inch. In a flash my mouth was sucking on Tina's nipples and she was letting out soft moans and pulling my head to her chest. The more I sucked the louder her moans became. Afraid to break the spell, I used my left hand to unhook her shorts while I continued my attack on her tits. She took her hands off my head and helped me push her shorts down.

Finally, Tina was naked. I took my lips off her nipples and moved her gently to the couch and I told her to lean back. She did so and I took a second to see that she neatly trims her bush and that her pussy lips were shiny with moisture. I have dreamed many nights of burying my face in her cunt, so that was my next objective. Tina halfheartedly tried to stop me. "No one has ever done that to me before" she said. "Don't worry, you'll like it," I told her. She seemed settled back and I proceeded to lick her slit from top to bottom. She twitched a little and then used her legs to pull me deeper into her cunt. It wasn't long before her heavy breathing signaled that I might have her close to cumming. Just as the thought crossed my mind, Tina became stiff as a board and let out a combination scream and moan while she ground her sweet pussy against my mouth. I continued working until her orgasm subsided, then I rested my head upon her leg and looked up at her puppy-dog eyes.

After she rested a few minutes, she said, "I can't believe that felt so good. I have never cum like that before. Now, let me take care of you." With that Tina pushed me away and started taking off my clothes. With my help they were off in a flash and Tina was stroking my cock. Watching her play with my cock, the need for my release was so strong that I pushed her back on the couch again and I shot my cum all over her tight belly and her little tits. I licked up some of it and French kissed her to share it. She moaned and seemed to want more so I took my mouth away. She scooped up some of it with her finger and ate it. Tina said, "That was quick. Are you done?" 

"No. I'm way too horny to be done," I replied. With that I laid down on my back on the floor and pulled her off the couch on top of me. She slid her cum covered torso over mine and slipped my cock into her wet pussy. Despite the wetness, my cock had to force its way in. Once in, I felt the most wonderful cunt in my life. It felt like a velvet glove wrapped tightly around my cock. I pushed her up to a kneeling position and watched her slide up and down on my cock while she kept her eyes closed. Her tiny tits and hard nipples were begging for my touch. As I used my index finger and thumb to pinch her nipples, she grabbed my hands and moaned. Her fucking speeded up and became more forceful. Because I had just cum, I could stay hard like this for a long time. The faster she rode me, the more she moaned. It seemed like an hour, but probably was only a few minutes and Tina's fucking became slow and deep and then stopped as her orgasm built. I noticed her neck get red, her eyes squint shut and her breathing stop. Suddenly, she exhaled, let out a yell and slammed her pussy down on my cock again. She did this two more times and then crumpled on top of me. Now I asked Tina, "That was quick. Are you done?" 

"No. I'm way too horny to be done," she whispered in my ear!