 Last week, Lissy approached me and asked if I would mind if our long time friend Tina came for a visit. Both Lissy and Tina are teachers and it just so happened that their spring-breaks coincided this year. Since Lissy still wasn't feeling that good due to the pregnancy, I said yes, thinking that Tina's presence would help keep her mind off the sickness and give her something to do. 

"There is one other thing I wanted to ask you about," Lissy said as she poured herself a glass of milk. 

"And what would that be, Princess?" I asked looking up from the newspaper. 

"Well, I'm sure you remember last time she was here," she paused, sipping her milk. 

"Yep, I remember," I said, my words not necessarily showing my true fondness for that memory. 

To make a long story short, it had all started after an evening barbecue and a few bottles of wine. Lissy decided to invite Tina, a rather big girl with a pretty face, but who hadn't had any action in several years, into our bedroom to watch us fuck. If you want the whole story, see the story called A Blowjob for Tina. The session ended when Lissy knelt on the floor in front of me, sucking her pussy juice off my cock while Tina knelt beside her. Just as I was ready to cum, Lissy removed her mouth and I shot my sticky load all over Tina's large tits. Then, to top it off, Tina leaned forward and licked the tip of my cock to make sure no cum dribbled on the floor. 

"What about it?" I asked. 

"I was thinking maybe we could expand on it a bit," Lissy said, again sipping her milk. 

This wasn't the answer I had been expecting. "What do you mean?" I asked, my attention now completely distracted from my newspaper. 

"I think we should offer her your cock," she answered. 

"What!" I exclaimed. 

"Listen to my thought process. I still feel sick and really have no interest in sex. You, on the other hand, are just as horny as ever. Tina hasn't had a cock between her thighs in years. So, the way I see it, we offer her your cock. If she takes us up on the offer, and I'm sure she will, you get some much needed pussy, she gets some much needed cock, and I've just made my husband and my best friend happy. Plus, I get to watch. Oh, and I'll also be in charge, so you'd both have to listen to what I say, otherwise the session ends." 

I sat there in shock. First I thought it was the hormones playing tricks with her mind, but on second thought, it appeared as though she had clearly given some thought to this whole thing. 

"I don't know what to say," I finally said. "What about our rule on threesomes?" 

"Well I think that sorta went out the window last summer. But, I'm not thinking of making this a regular thing, it's just that I feel bad for depriving you of nooky and I thought that this might be a way to make everybody happy. I would much rather have you fuck my best friend while I stood by and watched then have you jerking off in the shower or something." 

"I appreciate that," I replied, which I really did. However, it suddenly became clear to me that she wasn't aware of the services her mother had provided when she visited a couple weeks ago. Or, at least if she was, she was not showing it. For more on that story, see the story called My Slut for an Hour. 

"Well, what do you think?" 

"I'm up for it if Tina is," I heard myself saying. On one hand, I actually hoped she'd say no, after all, as I said earlier, she didn't exactly have a nice body. On the other hand though, I figured a pussy is a pussy, and as long as it was warm and wet, I'd be happy. 

And so it was done. Tina arrived a couple days later, having gladly accepted Lissy's proposal. I picked her up at the airport and we headed back to the house, talking about the eventual arrival of the baby, names we've picked out, all that sort of thing. A couple miles from the house, Tina leaned over, put her hand on mine and said in a very seductive voice, "I understand you and I are going to get to know one another on a whole new level in the next couple days." 

"That's what I hear, too," I said smiling. 

She moved her hand to my knee and slowly slid it up my leg till her fingers brushed against my cock. "I can't wait," she said, "and believe me, you won't be sorry." 

We arrived back home and I took Tina's suitcase up to the guest room while she and Lissy exchanged greetings. I returned to the kitchen and sat there a while talking with the two women before excusing myself to take a shower. I hadn't had a chance to take one after going to the gym because I had to pick up Tina. 

I stood under the hot water trying to relax and let my mind wander about the coming fuck session. Surely it wouldn't happen on the first night, would it? How would I feel with Lissy watching me enjoy some other chick's pussy? How much enjoyment should I show? After all, I didn't want Lissy to think her friend was better than she is. 

All these questions ran through my mind as I stepped out of the shower and dried off. I opened the door leading to our bedroom and was completely caught off guard by what I saw. Lissy was sitting in the chair at the foot of our bed and Tina was lying completely naked on our bed. 

"Oh!" I said, wrapping the towel around my waist. "I didn't know you guys were here." 

"What are you covering up for?" Lissy laughed, "it's not like she hasn't seen you naked before." 

"Yeah, and it's not like I'm not going to see you up close and personal," Tina added, both girls laughed again. 

"Sorry," I sheepishly apologized and hung up the towel. "Guess I forgot." 

"Come here," Tina said, patting the spot on the bed beside her. 

I hesitated. "Go ahead," Lissy encouraged, "she doesn't bite." 

I moved to the bed and sat down beside Tina, my eyes tracing along her naked body. It was ashamed she was so heavy, if she lost some wait, she'd have been a half way decent chick. 

"Ok," Lissy began, leaning forward in her seat, "here are the rules. First, there's no kissing allowed. Second, no oral sex for either of you. My mouth is the only one that sucks off my husband and my pussy is the only one that gets to feel his tongue. Third, you have to listen to me. If you don't, there'll be trouble. And believe me, you don't want to piss off a pregnant lady. Other than that, everything is fair game." She ended her speech and sat back in the chair smiling. 

I laid down beside Tina and she immediately began to run her hand over my upper leg, then my balls, and finally my cock, which almost instantly became hard. For another minute or so she continued to stroke my cock using her pointer finger, running it from my balls to the tip where precum was gradually beginning to accumulate. I tentatively reached out a hand to gently massage her tits, down to her stomach, and eventually across her pussy. I was rather hesitant, but a reassuring nod from Lissy told me I was ok. 

"Are you guys going to do something or are you just going to stroke each other all night?" Lissy asked impatiently. "Tina, you were born and raised in Texas. Why don't you show us how cowgirls fuck." 

Without another word, Tina straddled me. God she was big. I was actually a little worried my cock was going to go limp. My fears quickly ended when she gently maneuvered my cock to rub against her clit which was already slippery with her pussy juice. She continued to rub, moaning with delight. She paused, readjusted my cock so the head was nestled between her pussy lips, and then slowly lowered herself on my hard prick until my cock was buried deep inside her. 

"Oh God! That feels amazing!" I heard myself say. 

"You like that?" Lissy asked. "You like being inside that tight little slit?" 

Tina began to move her hips, wiggling them back and forth, grinding my cock in her pussy. "Oh fuck! That feels soooo good!" she exclaimed. 

Now one of my favorite things that Lissy does is to ride my cock. She does this thing where she has just the head of it inside her, slides down so my whole shaft is in her delicious little fuckhole, and then clenches her pussy muscles while sliding back up to the tip. It's so amazing! I was hoping Tina would know how to do it, but she just kept wiggling her hips and occasionally bouncing a bit. 

Suddenly, Lissy stood up and moved to the bed. She reached out a hand and firmly smacked Tina's naked ass. "Ride him!" she commanded. "Ride him like a slut!" She spanked her again for emphasis. 

Tina yelped with delight and immediately began to bounce on my cock. I reached up and grabbed her tits, which were flopping pretty badly as she rode me, and gently pinched her nipples. "Oh yes! Keep doing it!" she said. "Spank me again, you little whore!" she demanded, looking over her shoulder at Lissy. 

Lissy smacked her again, I pinched her nipples, and she continued to ride my cock. I arched my back and began to thrust my cock to meet her movements. I have to confess, it felt great! 

Tina came first. "Oh yes! Oh shit yes!" she nearly screamed, digging her fingernails into my shoulder. "I'm cumming!" 

She leaned forward, practically lying on me, breathing heavily from the orgasm. I reached around her with both hands, grabbed her ass for leverage, and began to pump my cock in and out of her pussy. "That's it, fuck her! Fuck that pussy!" Lissy said. 

"Yes! Yes! Fuck that pussy!" Tina continued, raking her fingernails across my shoulders. 

I continued to pound away at her pussy. "I'm cumming again! Oh God yes! Yes! Make me cum!" 

One more thrust and I came, shooting hot sticky cum into her dripping pussy. She got off me and laid back down on the bed. "My God that was awesome!" Tina said, smiling from ear to ear. 

"It was pretty amazing, wasn't it." I said, feeling much more relaxed. 

"I must say, I rather enjoyed watching you two," Lissy said. "It was a very hot session." 

We lapsed into silence, Lissy sitting in the chair and Tina and I lying on the bed. Nobody said anything for about 30 minutes and, to tell the truth, I was beginning to doze off. 

"Feel like you can go again?" Tina asked, putting her hand on my stomach. 

"Aren't we greedy?" Lissy teased. 

"Yep," Tina said, "I'm greedy for dick and I want it again. How about it?" 

I didn't say anything, just sat up and straddled her. "That's what I like to see," Lissy said, "Nothing better than my man taking charge. 

My cock was hard again and it slid quite easily into Tina's soaking cunt. I started fucking her nice and slowly, my balls slapping against her ass. She pretty much just laid there and it made me really miss the way Lissy fucked. Lissy would always arch her back, move her hips, and do something more than just lay there. Oh well, I thought to myself, beggars can't be choosers. 

Then I heard Lissy say something I never dreamed she'd say. "Fuck her ass! Jam that cock of yours in her tight ass!" 

"Yes! Yes! Please fuck my ass!" Tina begged. 

Now Lissy and I had tried anal probably twice in our relationship, partially just out of curiosity and partially because of something Tina had told Lissy about it. Apparently, Tina's ex-husband had been quite fond of anal and so she had a lot of experience with it. She told Lissy that she had had some of the best multiple orgasms of her life from anal. I'm guessing Lissy wanted to see this for herself. 

"Please! Please! Fuck my ass!" Tina begged again. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, hesitating for a minute. 

"Yes!" she nearly yelled, "Put your cock in my ass!" 

I pulled out of her pussy, lathered my cock with some lube from the bedside table, and carefully inserted my cock in her ass. I had forgotten how good it felt! God it was tight, the friction was a welcome change from her pussy, which wasn't all that tight compared to Lissy's. I started pumping, nice and slowly. Tina began to move her hips, which also was a welcomed change. 

"Good, fuck that ass! Fuck that slut right in the ass!" Lissy cheered me on. 

After about a minute Tina came, bucking her hips and grabbing a handful of my hair. I slowed my thrusting, not yet ready to cum. 

"Don't stop! Keep fucking me!" Tina commanded. 

I increased my speed and after another minute, she came again. "Oh God! Oh God! Fuck me hard!" she yelled, pulling my hair. 

The third time, she came even harder, lifting her hips off the bed, making me worry she was going to snap my cock right off. I pushed her hips down, slammed my cock home again, and blew my load in her ass. I pulled out and laid down beside her with a sigh. We were both breathing quite heavily. 

Lissy got up and walked over to the bed. She bent down and gave me a deep kiss with a little tongue and patted Tina on the stomach. 

"Thank you both for a great show. I hope both of your urges are satisfied, at least for a while. I think though, we may need to do a reenactment before Tina heads home."