 I don't think I could tell you exactly when it first started happening, but one day it became very clear to me that I was developing a huge crush on one of my wife's best friends.

Tish had been a friend of my wife's since middle school, and they had stuck together despite going to separate high schools and separate colleges. When we got married, I made it clear that I was okay moving closer to my wife's family and friends, so Tish was one of the people we ended up close to.

Tish was married now, to her husband Eric, an older, Filipino man she had met online back in college. The two had two kids together, their youngest less than a year old. Despite being a mother of two, Tish was still beautiful. She was short, about 5'2", short black hair, brown eyes, and smooth, copper skin. Her mother was white, her father Latino, so she had inherited a deliciously glowing skin tone that made her both exotic and familiar.

Tish still carried a few extra pounds since the second baby, but it seemed that most of that was in her face and in her breasts. Her petite body was still shapely and curvaceous, though her breasts seemed to stretch her shirts more now than they had before she had kids.

We hung out with Eric and Tish every once in a while, sometimes catching movies together, or grilling out in their backyard, or even taking their kids to the zoo. Somewhere during all of that, I started noticing myself becoming attracted to Tish. Her body was one thing, but her whole demeanor -- sometimes playful, sometimes fierce -- made me want her all the more. Shamefully I have to admit that there were times when we would spend together, and I would have to excuse myself to go to the bathroom to relieve the erection that was straining my pants, or else usher my wife home and take out the sexual tension with her.

Things took a more serious turn just a few days ago. We were on our way home from visiting other friends in Detroit, and we stopped by Tish's house on the way back to have a mini barbeque in their back yard. It was early evening, so their place seemed quiet and relaxed when we pulled in and went inside their house. The relaxation wouldn't last long for me, though, because as soon as we walked in, I noticed that Tish was sporting some comfortable black Capri pants, and a tight grey t-shirt that formed perfectly around her breasts, showing me the outlines of her bra through the taut material. As we walked in, Tish was quick to great us with hugs, and I felt my dick stir as her breasts pressed against my chest, and my hand ran along her back briefly.

Tish didn't seem to notice. It was just a hug for her, but it had definitely set off my desire for her. Eric came inside and greeted us. He had already been starting the grill, and was just saying hi and grabbing the food to take out. We greeted each other and then he was off again. I contemplated doing the "man thing" and going to hang out with him, but instead pulled up a chair in the dining room with my wife and Tish to talk for a while. They were talking about books they had read, and the class they took together at the local community college in the evenings, and I found myself stealing glances into Tish's eyes, and letting my eyes roll over her breasts which now pressed against the table top as she leaned forward to talk.

One of Tish's two girls came walking out and said hi. Tara was three, and she had inherited the exotic, asian look of her father. She had been playing with markers in her room, and she asked for more paper to draw on. I watched as Tish got up, and quietly ran my eyes over the skin of her exposed feet and ankles, the shape of her thighs and ass, and the silhouette of her top ushering her daughter back to her room.

When Tish came back, I made a quick adjustment of my pants, trying to allow more room for my now raging hard cock to throb and ache.

Eric came in and announced food was ready, so we all got up and started carrying out the necessary trays and side dishes to compliment the meat off the grill. My wife and Eric were the ones doing most of the work, and I strategically made an effort to be the one to go back and forth between the inside and out, offering to carry out things for Tish. Tish smiled at me and was pleased for the help, and more than once I gently touched her hand with mine as if an accident when I took the dish from her hands.

In no time at all, the six of us were all sitting down outside, eating our dinner. The two girls, Eric and Tish, and me and my wife. I had ended up next to Tish, and again felt my dick throbbing uncomfortably against the restraint of my pants every time she looked at me, or every time our feet bumped together under the table. Things were made even more uncomfortable when everyone looked in one direction to see one of the girls running around after a lightning bug in the yard, and I quickly stole a glance at Tish's tight shirt, which now plainly showed her erect nipples pushing hard against the material confining them.

That was really all I could take, so I asked to use the bathroom and headed inside. I navigated the hallways leading to the bathroom, and stepped inside quickly, quietly closing the door. Before I had even had a chance to lock it, though, there came a knock from the other side. I opened the door, and was surprised to see Tish standing there.

"Can I come in for just a second? I need to get something."

"Sure," I smiled, and tried to step aside as she stepped into the bathroom with me. The bathroom was small, and she brushed against me as she came in, and I felt her leg press gently against my crotch, and felt my dick rise briefly at the touch.

Tish slipped by me and stood over near the toilet. "Could you close the door?"

"Um, sure," I murmured, and quietly shut the door.

"Lock it."

She was looking at me silently, and I couldn't tell what was going on behind her swimming, brown eyes. I did as she asked, bracing myself for what I thought might be a conversation about my inappropriate glances, and my accidental brush against her with the tip of my cock.

"You've been looking at me."

I swallowed and nodded.

"Not just this time. I think I've seen you trying to catch glimpses of me before. Looking down my shirt. Watching me help the kids."

"Yeah," I managed. "I'm sorry."

"No," she smiled softly, "you shouldn't be."

"Really?"

"Really. I feel the same way. I've been having thoughts of you for months."

"Wow," was all I could reply.

"I was wondering if maybe we could do something about our mutual attraction," she proposed.

"How?" I asked, unsure of where this would go.

"Well, for starters," she said, and she moved back a little from the toilet she was standing near, "why don't you sit down?" She motioned for me to sit, and I quietly did as she asked.

"Do you think they'll wonder what's going on?"

"No," she smiled, lowering herself to her knees and reaching her small hands forward to unbutton and unzip my pants, "they're playing with the kids. We've got some time."

She smiled up at me, her short hair falling a little across her eyes a little as she reached to pull back my boxers, and my hard dick sprang free.

"Are you sure we should be doing this?"

She sighed, grasping my cock gingerly, starting to make slow jerks along it with her hand. "Please, Brian. We're adults. I'm betting you get just as little sex as I do. We're just two, healthy adults who are fulfilling our desires with one another so that we can continue to be just as faithful and loving to our spouses as we have always been."

"But," I stammered, "what if they find out? And, you're Sarah's best friend."

"Well," she smiled viciously, "now you and I can be friends." And with that, she leaned forward, and lowered her mouth over my dick.

It was hot, and my dick was aching. I could feel her exhale heavily through her nostrils as she took me all the way in, and I arched my body up into her as she started to swirl her tongue over my dick, getting it wet. She looked up at me with her doe eyes, and gently slid her teeth along my shaft. I felt myself shudder, and I grabbed hold of the vanity and the window sill to keep myself from crying out.

Tish started to slide her mouth along me, thrusting my rigid cock inside her mouth at a steady space. I could feel her slide her tongue along the underside of my dick as she moved, sucking hard along my head and shaft. I was panting, my legs trembling and hitting against her shoulders and sides. I looked to see her breasts pressed firmly against the closed toilet seat, and watched as she reached a hand into my boxers to free my balls, fondling them eagerly.

Her hands felt cold as the touched my sack, and she moaned audibly at the heat of them against her skin. She paused sucking on me for a moment, making soft gulping noises as she ran my balls between her fingers. She made another moan, opening her mouth to exhale against the hair of my crotch, and then started moving more vigorously along my shaft.

I tilted my head back, arching my pelvis into her, and I could hear her choke and struggle a little as my dick pressed into the roof of her mouth and the back of her throat. But even if she hadn't had sex in a while, if she was truly as sex starved as I was, she was still a pro at sucking cock. She took all of me inside her, and gulped and sucked vehemently.

My legs were quaking now. My fingers were hurting from the force of holding onto the vanity and window sill, my knuckles white, drained of blood. Tish could sense my orgasm rising, could hear how I stopped breathing for long moments, my legs tense as she sucked me. Still she kept her pace, and tongued and sucked me until I was to the very edge. And then, with words that were barely a whisper and more of a whimper, "Tish, I'm coming."

And the waves of orgasm crashed through me. My dick tensed, and then it let go, spasming against Tish's tongue as it shot hot semen into her throat and waiting mouth. She stopped and gasped, moaning into my dick as it continued to cum. When it was done, she swallowed, and then gingerly licked the head of my dick with her tongue, cleaning up the last few drops.

"Mmm," she gulped. "I've been waiting to suck you off."

I shuddered again at her words, and looked down at her, stunned and exhausted. "I can't believe this just happened."

"Well," she breathed, wiping her fingers across her lips to clean up any extra cum, "believe it. And it's going to happen again if you like."

"I would," I said eagerly.

"Good," she smiled, standing up and adjusting her shirt and her Capris. "Eric's gone tomorrow to a conference for work. You should stop by."

"That's perfect," I smiled back. "Sarah's going to a bridal shower for Samantha, so I'll be home alone with the car."

"Well, I'll still have the girls," she said, smiling wryly, "but I can put them down for naps easily enough." Tish moved towards the door. "You should clean up and put your dick away. I'm going to go back out before you do so they don't make any sort of connection."

I nodded, and grabbed some toilet paper to wipe up the mess that was my soaking, limp cock. Tish left the bathroom, and I quickly stood up, pulled my boxers and pants back over my dick, threw away the toilet paper, and washed my hands before heading outside.

Eric and Sarah were still watching the girls play, and Tish had already sat down, smiling widely at me. "Welcome back."

"Thanks," I smiled. And we went back to pretending nothing had happened for the next hour until Sarah and I were ready to go home.

When we left, Tish gave me a hug again, and I made an effort to trace my fingers over the material of her bra straps, and she pressed her breasts into my chest a little harder than before so that I knew it was intentional. We disconnected, and then Sarah and I made for home.

The whole drive there, Sarah and I talked about our weekend and Samantha's upcoming wedding, and I tried to keep focused and interested. In truth, though, my mind was wandering, and even as I watched the road ahead, I could still see the shapely outline of Tish's breasts in that tight grey shirt behind my eyes.

* * *

I arrived at Tish and Eric's place the next day around 2:30 in the afternoon. I had taken off work early, no longer able to take the torture of thinking about and craving her. I had called before I left, and Tish promised to have the girls down and in bed when I arrived. And sure enough, Tish hung herself out the door as I pulled into the driveway, saying that the girls were down for naps, and that we had some time to play.

Tish was wearing her glasses today, and her hair was styled so that it hung in bangs over her forehead. She was wearing a dark, short summer dress and some sandals, and she motioned me inside. As soon as I stepped in the door and it closed shut behind me, she pulled herself against me, and I leaned down to kiss her heavily.

Tish pushed her furtive, exploring tongue between my lips, and I felt the tip of it teasing mine in return. I reached to grab her butt, hiking up her dress and was surprised when I felt bare skin instead of the panties I expected to find.

I looked at her with curious eyes, and she shrugged, her arms still around my neck. "I didn't know how much time we'd have, so I wanted to be able to be as quick and discreet as possible."

She kissed me furiously again, tasting my mouth and breathing heavily into it. My dick throbbed, pressing against her stomach as we stood in the kitchen, making out. Finally she pulled herself from me, taking my hand and leading me into the living room. Without speaking, she pushed me towards a chair, and I turned to face her, unzipping my pants to pull out my cock. She let me pull it free, then pushed me to sit down. I leaned back against the chair, and Tish straddled me, her bare pussy lips rubbing along the fabric of my pants as she leaned forward, breathing heavily, to kiss me again.

This time I took the lead, pulling her down to me, biting her lips gently, my other hand reaching to massage and squeeze her breast through her dress. As I did, she reached behind her, and took hold of my dick, lining it up with the entrance to her hot little mound. At first she had some trouble, so she reached around the front instead, and we both moaned as she succeeded in lowering herself along my waiting, naked cock.

She was sopping it seemed. Her pussy was hot and wet, and I could feel the prickly stubble of her mound grinding against me. She must have just shaved, and I relished in the feel of her bare pussy.

Before she could help herself, she was already making fast, heavy thrusts on my dick, and was letting out gasps and moans. I watched her face, still massaging her breast as she used my dick to impale herself. And in less than a minute, I felt her pussy contract, and felt her body quaking and trembling as an orgasm hit her. I tensed, gasping at the feel of her pussy juices coating my hard, hot dick.

Her face was flushed, and she brushed hair out of her eyes. Her glasses had fallen down to the tip of her nose, and she pushed them up with her finger, kissing me deeply, her tongue exploring my mouth. As I returned the kiss, she was already grinding against me again, harder and more forcefully this time.

I tried to grunt into her kiss, but she pulled back a little, pressing a finger to my lips. "Shh, not so loud."

"But," I began to protest.

"I know. I was too vocal. We don't want to wake up the girls."

I nodded, and kissed her back eagerly, trying to maintain a low volume with the moans that threatened to keep escaping my mouth.

Tish was humping me so hard, and she pulled her mouth from mine, resting her head against my shoulder as she pulled along my shaft. "Oh, God... fuck me..."

It was said in a whimpering, simpering voice, and the sound of the words as they traced my ear were enough to drive me to the very edge. And just like that, as she humped me with her poky, wet pussy, I burst inside of her. Tish let out a long, luxurious moan, and I felt her milking my cock with her pussy which was now still against my shaft.

When it was clear that I was done coming, she raised her head, running her thumb along my cheek. "It feels so good to have your cum inside of me."

I moaned, then gasped a little. "Wait? Are you on birth control?"

She smiled a bit, seeming to enjoy my sudden fear. "Yes. It's fine. I'm on the pill. I don't need any more babies getting in the way of my sex life."

And I watched as she closed her eyes, moving slowly along my dick again. As if to punctuate her comment, we heard the sounds of her youngest daughter crying, clearly waking up from her nap.

Tish opened her eyes and smiled at me knowingly, "Looks like the girls are up."

"Should I go?" I asked.

"No, not yet." I felt her squeeze my dick inside of her. "You can help me baby sit them. They'll be ready for bed in a couple of hours. And then you can stay over."

I smiled, and she kissed me gently. Silently, she pulled herself off of my dick, and I watched her lower her dress over herself, and looked down at my own crotch to see my pants wet with our sweat and cum.

Quickly I tucked my dick away, and went to the kitchen to grab some paper towels and clean up. With my shirt untucked as much as it would go, and hunching a bit to give it some extra coverage, I washed my hands and headed into a brief stint of babysitting before what I figured would be a very long, lust-filled night.