 Still humiliated from the hard face fucking the Bike Shop Uncle gave her, Linda mounted her bicycle carefully, trying her best not to expose her sweet young pussy as she did so.

However, her short denim skirt was so tight and so tiny that her attempt was an utter failure. Already a few passers-by had stopped to observe her the moment they noticed that a hot girl in a short skirt was going to ride a bicycle.

The more daring ones who "casually" maneuvered themselves to a frontal view were delighted to see a moist pink slit rather than the expected panties! It was like jackpot for them!

Linda suspected that many eyes were on her and wanted to change her mind about riding but Melissa encouraged her and soon they were coasting down the cycling path.

The lightweight material of Victoria's pink sundress kept flying up as they cycled along to expose her tiny dark pink bikini bottoms. She giggled as she noticed boys checking out her netballer's lithe figure and staring at her sexy underwear.

Melissa too had her share of appreciative looks whenever her short cheerleader style skirt flared up from the stronger gusts of wind. Her black bikini bottoms were not as obvious but her plunging neckline and long smooth legs more than made up for it.

Linda on the other hand, earned not just "what a babe" glances but open mouthed stares. Pedestrians and cyclists coming from the opposite direction could hardly believe what they saw.

An extremely pretty teenager with honey blonde hair and the most incredible figure was pedalling past them on a bike. Her thin yellow top was plastered to her firm braless tits by the force of the wind, accentuating every curve and making her erect nipples even more obvious. Her short skirt by now had grown even shorter as the pedalling action of her long slim legs pushed the hemline higher and higher up. Her tight teenage pussy was pressed against the leather grain of the seat but her clit and a bit of her slit were still visible to awed onlookers making it clear that she had gone totally commando.

After about half an hour of cycling and flashing, Melissa stopped her bicycle at Siloso Beach and the girls leaned their two-wheelers against a nice palm tree.

"Why are we stopping Mel?" LindaMichelle asked. 

"We're gonna go sunbathing, silly! This is a beach after all!" Melissa replied.

"That's right, I'm gonna work on my tan!", giggled Victoria who was already peeling off her light pink sundress.

"But I didn't bring a bikini!", protested Linda, "Don't tell me you two are gonna make me go naked!?"

Melissa laughed and winked, "Oh no! Will we do that to you? Of course we brought you a suit too!"

Victoria grinned and handed Linda a few tiny scraps of white fabric. "Here you go Lin darling, we ordered this for you from Australia!

Linda's gift from Australia

Linda held up the bikini and examined it critically, "It's cute but rather tiny, don't you think?"

"It's not much smaller than the bikini your daddy gave you last X'mas, besides, you know your daddy always says "if you have a good body, don't hide it"?

Linda nodded and smiled thinking how her daddy would appreciate the gift her friends just gave her.

By this time, Victoria and Melissa had already changed into their swimwear. Both girls were wearing g-string style bikini bottoms which showed off their firm teenage asses, which were kept in great shape by their netball training. The suits they wore were totally unlined and their hard nipples could be clearly seen. Equally outlined was the shape of their vulva as their g-strings were a nice crotch-hugging fit.

A few metres away was a trio of boys from NTU who had been observing the two girls stripping into their tiny bikinis. They now held their breath as the hottest of the three was about to change into the most minsicule excuse for swimwear they had ever seen.

Linda was faced with a challenge. The nearest changing room was "miles" away and she could only have two articles of clothing on at one time. Other girls would have slipped on their bikini bottoms under their skirt before taking it off but Linda had some "restrictions".

Being quite used to (accidentally) bearing her beautiful tits, Linda shrugged and peeled off her thin yellow top, exposing her gorgeous firm young breasts to the eyes of the three boys. Her permanently excited nipples grew even stiffer as the cool sea breeze caressed her naked torso.

Linda struggled to put on her bikini top and took a couple of minutes, much to the delight and excitement of the three undergrads. When she finally got it on, it covered so little that it made her look even sexier than when she was totally topless.

Now Linda had to put on her bikini bottoms. She took a deep breath and quickly pulled down her skirt. Unfortunately for her, her denim skirt was so tight that she couldn't do a "quick one" and it instead turned into quite a hot striptease show with her slowly wriggling her hips to get her skirt off.

This of course left her smooth cunt exposed for a good minute before she could get her obscenely tiny micro bikini bottom up her legs and over her glistening pussy. 

Soon the girls were happily playing and running about in the sand playing with a frisbee and for 50 metres around, every eye was glued to their perfect bodies, bouncing and jiggling with schoolgirl charm.

Before long, the three boys joined Victoria, Melissa and Linda and introduced themselves. Benjamin, HM and Noon were all Business Studies undergrads and NTU and spent enough time in the gym and on the beach to "match" the three girls quite well.

About 15 minutes later, HM suggested that they go play in the water, as he was anxious to get the girls' suits wet and clingy.

Everyone agreed and soon they were splashing about in the water. Unknown to Linda, the suit that her friends bought her became transparent when wet and soon she was as good as naked from top to toe as the 6 young people frolicked in the water.

As usual, the ringleader Melissa suggested that they pair up and have a waterfight with the girls perched on the boys' shoulders, the winning pair getting to decide the forfeit.

Melissa partnered up with Benjamin and Victoria paired up with HM, leaving Linda to mount up on Noon's shoulders.

Noon's erection grew painfully big as Linda climbed aboard and her hot pussy lips pressed up against the back of his neck.

The girls were soon enthusiastically clawing away at each other, each trying their best to pull of each other's bikini top with great success. The boys were driven almost crazy by the sights of breasts popping out of bikinis and three hot girls fondling each others bodies.

The boys also struggled to hold on to the slippery smooth legs of their partners and had a great time groping the girls whenever they could under the pretext of supporting them or helping them up.

The water fight ended up with Melissa and Benjamin winning 4 rounds to the Victoria and Linda's 2 each.

After a brief consultation, Mel and Ben pronounced the terms of the forfeit:

Ben gave a theathrical drumroll and Melissa stated in her best gameshow host voice: "The losers must massage suntan lotion onto every part of their partners' bodies, and I mean EVERYYY part!"

"Oh my gawdddd!! Are you kidding me?!?!" Victoria and Linda protested.

HM and Noon dutifully echoed their partners' sentiments though with much less enthusiasm.

Melissa held firm on her decision and soon the girls were squirting suntan lotion onto the backs of the boys who were hiding shit-eating grins.

Victoria and Linda did fantastic jobs on their respective partners, rubbing the oil on them from top to toe, even fondling their balls and giving their erections a brief handjob.

Victoria being the tease that she was, went one step further. As she was massaging HM's ass, she "accidentally" slipped her oil-slick middle finger into his asshole.

"Oops! I'm so sorry! My hand accidentally slipped!" Victoria lied.

HM of course responded in the only possible way, "Haha! Wait till it's your turn!"

Melissa giggled knowing what Victoria was trying to do and she whispered in Victoria's ear, "Gawd Vic, you're such a slut! Lin only looks like a slut but you are the real one!"

Victoria giggled and winked at Melissa.

Benjamin announced the change over and soon HM and Noon were happily fondling Victoria and LindaMichelle's gorgeous curves.

Noon being the slightly shy boy that he was, only focused on Linda's beautiful tits, he massaged and squeezed them, pinching her long sensitive nipples, causing her to moan softly. He did rub oil onto her pretty pink pussy lips but did not spend too long there as he did not want to take advantage of her.

HM on the other hand had no such qualms and wanted "revenge" for Victoria's finger up his ass. He roughly fondled Vic's firm boobs and twisted her nipples rather savagely, noting how her lips would part in a breathy sigh each time he did so. But he saved most of his attention for the lower half of Vic's body and after loudly announcing the need to oil her thoroughly, he started to finger fuck her pussy and asshole.

Victoria being the slut that she was, pretended to resist feebly, punctuating her insincere protests with quite audible moans. She even pretended to close her legs together so that HM would roughly push her legs wide apart.

The scene turned on Ben and Melissa and soon they too spent some quality time lubing each other up with suntan lotion. 

After HM brought Vic to an orgasm with his fingers, the girls got up and adjusted their bikinis to cover their private bits and announced that they had to return the bicycles.

The boys begged the girls to stay and eventually the girls gave them their handphone numbers and agreed let the boys buy them dinner later.

The girls giggled all the way to their bikes where they left their clothes with Melissa teasing Vic for her shameless display.

Their laughter was cut short when they reached the palm tree where they had left the bicycles, only to find that the bicycles AND their clothes had been stolen.

After some fruitless looking about, the girls resigned themselves to the fact that they had lost the bikes and their clothes and now had to walk all the way back to the Bicycle Kiosk in nothing but their wet, translucent and clinging micro bikinis to explain themselves to the nasty uncle there...