 So this was another tissue tease. I wrote it on a pad this time. ;) How did this one come about? Well a regular respondent had written me a tease at the end of one email. I decided to use it and make it into something bigger to send back. Sort of a return-tease. ;)

I changed her wording a bit so it fits the story, I'll post it here (with her permission). Let's see if you think I did the tease justice. :)

-- Quote --

*It was so very cold against my warm tongue and the slick insides of my cheeks, almost hurting my sensitive tastebuds as I pulled it in and out a

little at a time, licking around the sides as a bit of sticky syrup slid over my wrist and down my arm. MMmmm..my lips were almost numb, feeling

alternately hot when the Popsicle leaves, and freezing again when it returns. It tasted so nice as it melted, getting more juicy the longer it had been out of a freezer, dripping juice into my palm as I try to keep bits from falling into my lap...*

-- End Quote --

Let me know what you think! :)

Hugs,

Vic

-----

It was so very cold against her warm tongue. The slick insides of her cheeks almost hurting as she pulls it in and out a little at a time. She licks around the sides as a bit of the sticky syrup slides over onto her wrist and down her arm. She moans slightly as her lips are almost numb. She feels the alternating hot when the Popsicle leaves her lips and freezing again when it returns. She loves the taste of it as it melts; getting juicier the longer it is out of the freezer. The juice drips onto her palm as she tries to keep it from falling onto her lap.

He watches her as he licks his own Popsicle. He leans over as she pulls the Popsicle from her mouth and kisses her on the lips. The coolness left behind by the Popsicle fades quickly into the heat of their kiss. He feels her returning the kiss with equal passion. His tongue slides from his mouth and licks her lips tentatively. He glides his tongue over her lips, railing and searching for the flavored syrup left behind by the Popsicle.

She pulls away, smiling at him. The Popsicle returns to her lips. She watches him as he watches her. Knowing that he is getting excited as he watches her eat the Popsicle, she decides to teas him as much as she can. She opens her mouth, making an 'O' shape. She slides the Popsicle in, letting the entire "shaft" of the Popsicle fill her mouth. She moans slightly and intentionally while letting her eyelids droop halfway down. She looks over to him and slowly pulls the Popsicle out. She continues to watch him as she pushes the Popsicle back in slowly.

He almost moans as he watches her slide the Popsicle in and out of her mouth. He forgets his own Popsicle as he stares intently at her Popsicle and her mouth. He feels his mouth open as her tongue slides out and licks the 'bottom' of the Popsicle.

The coldness on her tongue feels good. She loves the way the melting syrup slides along her tongue. She moans, unintentionally this time, as she looks at him. If she was not getting excited herself as she was teasing him, she might have laughed at his expression. She moves her tongue up along the shaft of the Popsicle over and along the other side. As her now cool tongue slides off the Popsicle, she looks at him and slowly licks her lips with her syrupy tongue.

He leans over again, and again he kisses her lips. He didn't feel her resist, instead, he feels her tongue sliding into his mouth. He moans as he feels her syrupy tongue sliding against his tongue. He closes his lips over her tongue and begins sucking it. He tastes the syrup right off her tongue and wants more. He feels her hand on his shoulder, then, as she pushes him away. He gives her tongue a final suck and as her tongue leaves his mouth, his tongue slides lightly against hers.

She smiled at him as she silently thanks him for letting her pull back. She did not want his mouth to stop. She enjoyed the sensation of his lips around her tongue and his tongue exploring her tongue. But she did want to tease him a little more. She looks at his hand holding his Popsicle. The sticky syrup melts and drips onto his hand. She reaches over with her hand and takes a hold of his wrist. She moves her hand back towards her, guiding his hand forward with the Popsicle.

He watches her pull his hand up to her mouth. Her wonderful tongue slides out and he shivers as he watches the tip of her tongue touch his skin. He stares, transfixed on the movement of her tongue. Her tongue moves along the path of the dripping syrup. Her tongue licks slowly, taking up the melted syrup from his skin.

She looks at him as her tongue moves up past his wrist. She watches his eyes as he stares at her mouth, her tongue as she licks at the syrup running down his thumb. Slowly she let her tongue trail and lick, in what she believes, sensuous movements lapping up the syrup.

He continues to stare at her tongue, trapped by the scene and the feel of it all. He feels her hand guide his hand to position his Popsicle sideways. Her tongue slides along his thumb, over to the stick, then slowly along the bottom of his "shaft". His Popsicle, he corrected himself. Her tongue moved slowly along the bottom, towards the tip. Her eyes on his eyes all the while. He hears himself moaning with her as her tongue swirls over the tip of his Popsicle and move along the top of his Popsicle shaft. He watches as she does this a few more times, making him more and more excited with each passing lick.

She feels him pulling his Popsicle away. She finds herself pushing back against his lips as he kisses her hard. Once again, their mouths open and their tongues touch. She let him taste the syrup off her tongue as she moans against his mouth and against the sudden heat of his lips and tongue. She feels his hand touch her hand. The hand with her melting Popsicle. She feels him guiding her Popsicle up as he pulls away from their kiss. She looks into his eyes as he guides her Popsicle to her lips.

He slides the tip of her Popsicle along her lips. He watches her open her lips but he pulls the Popsicle away. He leans forward and licks the trail of syrup left by the Popsicle. Then he guides her hand and Popsicle to her chin. He moves the tip of the Popsicle down her chin and onto her neck. He leans forward and kisses along the trail, gently sucking the syrup up. He then licks back up the trail to her chin and kisses her lightly on her lower lip.

Pulling back, he says, "Open your mouth."

She opens her mouth and he guides the Popsicle into her mouth. She closes her mouth and begins to suck on it. She moves her hand as he guides her. Slowly pulling the Popsicle out then slowly back in.

He smiles at her, "Don't stop."

He guides his melting Popsicle over to her neck and trails the tip down the side of her neck. Out of the corner of his eyes, he sees her half closing her eyes at the feel of the Popsicle trailing slowly down the side of her neck. He leans in and starts to flick his tongue down the trail of syrup.

She opens her eyes again as she feels his fingers on her blouse buttons. She sees his Popsicle in his mouth as he stares at his working fingers. She let go of her Popsicle stick as he slides her blouse off her.

As he pulls the Popsicle out of his mouth, he stares down at her. She is sitting there with just her bra and pants on. He watches her for a second as her hand goes back to the Popsicle stick and starts to slide the Popsicle in and out of her mouth again. He notices that the Popsicle is nearly gone so he glances at his own. Not nearly as thinned out as the one she has, he raises it once more and moves towards her body. Again, he touches her with the tip of the Popsicle. He trails down from the middle of the side of her neck to her shoulder. Again he leans forward and slowly flicks his tongue along the trail of syrup.

She feels herself shivering at the touch of the Popsicle. It's coldness feels good against her skin and his tongue flicking down the trail of the syrup just sends waves of electricity down her back with every flick of his tongue. She feels the tip of the Popsicle again. This time he moves the tip from her shoulder down along the inside of her strap. She looks down as she continues to slowly pull the Popsicle in and out of her mouth. She sees the tip of the Popsicle ends it's trail at the top of her breast, where the top of the bra cup ends. She watches and shivers as his tongue moves along her skin. Lightly and gently flicking along her skin, taking up the flavored syrup off her. She watches as he passes the Popsicle to his other hand.

He takes the Popsicle in his other hand and carefully dips the tip against the top of her breast. He runs the tip around in a circle and starts to flick along the trail. His free hand moves up to her bra strap and tugs it down the side of her arm.

She feels his hand on her covered breast while his tongue slowly flicks along the circle he traced with the Popsicle. She feels his fingers moving up her breast and grabs the top of the bra cup. She looks down as he tugs the cup and frees her breast. She shivers in anticipation as she watches the Popsicle coming towards her breast. She closes her eyes as the tip of the Popsicle touches her naked breast. Slowly, he circles the Popsicle around her breast, moving ever closer to her nipple. The tip of the Popsicle touches her nipple and she shivers. The coldness definitely a part of it but a strange, almost electric feel of it as it touches her nipple. She feels him moving the Popsicle slowly around her nipple. Then she feels it gone and his lips touches her breast. She could feel him kissing her once then his lips became his wonderful tongue again. Slowly flicking again along the trail of syrup. She could feel herself pushing her breast up towards his tongue as he neared her nipple.

His tongue circles her nipple, feeling her becoming hard with every twirl of his tongue tip. He tasted her along with the syrup and moans. His hand reaches up to hold her breast as he licked every bit of syrup off her nipple.

She pressed her lips down and pulled the stick out of her mouth. What was left of her Popsicle is quickly melting away on her tongue. She tossed the stick aside as she feels his fingers on her once more. She looked down and sees his fingers at the front of her pants. She sees herself too. Her one breast hanging out and his fingers fumbling with her pants. Finally she sees him pulling her pants open. She lifts herself off her ass as his fingers grab her pants and panties and yanks. She watches as he pulls her pants and panties right off her feet.

He placed his hands on her legs and spreads them. He pulls the Popsicle out of his mouth again. He looks up at her as he guides the Popsicle towards her leg. He sees her eyes following the Popsicle. He sees her mouth open slightly, anticipating the cold touch of his Popsicle. He feels the Popsicle touch her leg and her eyes close. He ran the tip of the Popsicle up from the side of her knee towards her inner thigh. He stops as he reaches halfway up her inner thigh.

She opened her eyes, feeling the electrical coldness of the Popsicle leave her skin. She looked down and gasps as his tongue touches her skin. She watched as he closes his eyes and moves his tongue. She could feel her excitement grow with every flick of his tongue along the skin of her leg. She could feel her breathing increase as he moved closer towards her inner thigh. She watches again as he pulls his tongue away and run the tip of the Popsicle up from the middle of her inner thigh towards her upper inner thigh. The Popsicle stops shy of her pussy. She stared intently as his tongue once again flicked lightly along her skin. She could feel and see her hips moving slightly. Her eyes opened wider as she watched the Popsicle coming towards her again. She almost pushed her hips forward as the Popsicle moved so agonizingly slowly towards her pussy. She gasps aloud as the cold tip touches her hot pussy lips.

He moves the tip of the Popsicle against her pussy lips. He trails it up along the entire length of her pussy lips. Up one side then the other. Then he runs the Popsicle along between her lips, not pushing in nor letting her push onto it. He watches her hips moving slowly up against the cold Popsicle. He pulls the Popsicle away and leans forward, his tongue extended to lick her.

She sees his tongue coming forward and she pushes her hips forward to meet his tongue. She moaned at the feel of his tongue trailing along her pussy lips. Moving along the same path of the Popsicle. Up one side then over the other, finally trailing up between her pussy lips. Her eyes shot open as she felt the tip of the Popsicle touch her clit. His tongue has not moved away yet and was not ready for the cold sensation. She looks down as the tip of the Popsicle moves along her clit, stroking her with the cold Popsicle. Her hand was moving forward to pull the pop away as his tongue reaches the top of her pussy. As her hand touches the hand he is using to hold the pop, his lips envelopes her clit. The sudden change from cold to hot sends shivers through her. That along with the sensation of him sucking on her cold clit caused her to push her hips up against his face. She feels herself moving against his mouth. Every time he pulls at her clit, her hips move forward. Every time he releases her clit, she relaxes and her hips fall back. She feels him pulling her and releasing her for a few moments, her body getting used to the movement. She opens her eyes when she feels his lips releasing her clit entirely. She watched as he brings the almost completely melted Popsicle to her pussy again. She shivers again as he puts the length of the Popsicle against her pussy lips. She feels the Popsicle melting on her pussy lips as he starts to slide what is left of the Popsicle along her pussy lips. Up and down, the coldness almost numbing her pussy lips. Up and down, the syrup melting onto her and into her. Finally, the Popsicle completely melted, she sees him pull the stick up and he sucks across the stick.

He tosses the stick aside as he leans forward. His tongue extended again as he touches her cooled pussy lips. His tongue licks her, not as gently as before, but more firmer. He tastes the syrup mingled with her excitement. He enjoys the taste and licks more. He pushes his tongue into her and licks more of her juices along with the sweet syrup of the Popsicle. He moans as he feels her moving against his face again. He licks up and gently takes her clit into his mouth. As before, he pulls her clit into his mouth, she moves her hips forward. He releases her clit, her hips move back.

She moves with his mouth, her hips guided by his sucking. She moans as he continues to suck on her syrupy clit. Moving with him, up and down.

He feels her hands on his head then. He feels her stroking his hair as he moves her clit in and out of his lips. His lips stroking her clit as he pulls her in. His mouth sucking her deeper as he pulls her harder against his lips. He moves with a rhythm, his mouth and her hips. Then he feels her gripping his hair and pulling his lips off her. He looks up at her as she leans forward and grabs his shoulders. He watches as he feels himself being pushed back. Her lips crash into his as they begin kissing. He feels himself falling back onto the ground.

She kisses him deeply, letting her tongue thrust into his mouth. Her hands move down his body and onto his pants. She practically rips his pants open and pulls at the waist of his pants and underpants. She grabs and pulls his pants and underpants, forcing his ass to lift into the air as she tugs it the rest of the way down his legs. She did not bother to pull his pants and underpants completely off his legs. She was already looking up at it. She looked at his cock for a moment as it stood there. She stares at it, seeing it pulse in the air. She moves up and grabs the base of his cock with her hand. She wishes she still had the Popsicle to tease him with it as he teased her with it. Instead, she used his cock like the Popsicle. 

It was very hot against her warm tongue. The slick insides of her cheek almost hurting as she pulls it in and out of her mouth a little at a time. She licks around the sides of him. She moans slightly as her lips feels him throbbing. She feels his hardness, hot against her lips.

He moaned as she licks his cock the way he remembers her licking the Popsicle. His hands wanting to reach up and grab her head and force her completely down on his cock. But he was transfixed again as he was before, watching her mouth moving along the shaft. He shivers as he watches her use her tongue along the shaft and tip of his cock. He saw her pull back and his cock was completely wet with her salvia. The cool air striking his cock sending a slight chill into him. He gasps as he feels her fingertips running along his balls.

She moves her fingertips along his balls, around and back. She teases his ass hole with her fingertips and places her hand at the base of his cock. She squeezes him and slides up the shaft. She sees a bit of precum and leans forward with her tongue extended. She dips the tip of her tongue into the precum and pulls away. A strand of precum forms between her tongue and his cock. She leans forward again and takes his cock head into her mouth.

He moans as she holds his cock head in her mouth. He gasps as he feels her mouth move down his entire shaft quickly. He moves his hands onto her head now, wanting her to move her mouth along his shaft.

She holds his cock completely in her mouth a moment longer. Then she slides her lips back up his shaft until only his cock head is in her mouth. She flicks her tongue against it. She hears him moan. She smiles to herself as she reaches up with one hand and surrounds his shaft with her fingers. She starts to move down his shaft, her fingers moving with her. Then she moves back up. Her fingers move with the rhythm of her sucking.

He moves his hips against her sucking motion. Slightly regretting what he was doing because that is what she is doing to him now. His hips continue to move as he opens his eyes to see her pulling her mouth away.

She looks at his cock. Her hand moved down to the base of his cock again. She sees his hardness, all wet and throbbing before her. She had just teased him the way he teased her clit. She felt herself getting more excited. She remembers the feel of his mouth around her clit. She watches his hips moving against her hand, trying to get some movement along his shaft. She smiles down at him and leans forward to take his cock into her mouth again.

He moans louder when her mouth pulls him into her again. He moved his hips against her as his hands try to get her to move faster. He groans as she pulls her mouth off him again.

She watched as he squirms. Smiled again as she felt his hips moving against her hand. She enjoyed the feel of his hardness in her mouth. She enjoys the feel of it in her hand. She starts to stroke him now with her hand. She feels the wet, hot and hard shaft in her hand as she moves up and then down him. She feels him throbbing in her hand and imagines what it would feel like in her. She watches his face as she stroked him. She enjoyed the look on his face.

He was growing more and more excited. And more and more frustrated. He wants her mouth. He wants her moving along him. He growled.

She hears him groan and starts to move her hand slightly faster along his slickened cock. She turns her attention to his cock. She watches it as her hand moves along it.

"Fuck!" he growled.

His hand moves to her hand and pulls her off his cock. He quickly shifts to his knees and pushes her back. He kisses her hard and grabs her legs. Quickly, he pulls her legs apart and pulls away from his kiss. He reaches down to his aching cock and positions himself at her entrance. He puts his cock head against her entrance and grabs her thighs. He thrusts forward and pushes himself into her.
