 This one was quite literally written on tissue paper. :) The tease was inspired by a feedback fan. She wrote a short tease and this was my response. :)

* * * * *

Again, it is slightly altered from the one sent to the person. Someone else that I sent it to thought I should start posting these for all to share. So here it is!

Let me know what you think. :) ---

You hear him whisper your name. You turn around and see him smiling at you. He's sitting on the bed, his back against the wall. His legs bent with his feet flat on the bed. He pats the empty space on the bed between his legs. You smile back at him and bounce onto the bed to lean against his chest with your back. You find yourself snuggling your back against his chest. He wraps his arms around you and kisses your shoulder once. You sigh as you enjoy the warmth of his body and his closeness. His arms wrapped under your arms, over your stomach while you rest your arms on his knees. You lean over and kiss his knee as the palm of his hands start to glide lightly over your tummy. You feel the warmth of his hand through your t-shirt and you try to bury more of your back into his body. His lips touch the skin of our neck again and you feel a slight shiver. He moves his lips lightly down the side of your neck, you find yourself tilting your head the other way to give his lips more access. 

His palms move up slowly from your tummy. You moan slightly as his lips move from kissing to lightly sucking. His hands move up and slowly cupping your breasts. You find your hands moving to his hands and squeezing his hands. His hands squeeze your breasts following the lead of your hands. His mouth slowly sucks along your skin, pulling you into his mouth and squeezing gently with his warm lips. You moan again at this. His hands carefully tease your nipples between his forefinger and thumb. You find yourself stroking his hands as he teases your nipples into a hardening state. His sucking lips move up the side of your neck and stops just below your ear. You hear him breathing, slowly and feel him warmly against your neck. Your hands release his hands and travels behind your head to his head. You stroke his temples as you hear him take a deep breath. 

"Your hair smells wonderful, your skin feels so good against my lips," he whispers into your ear. 

His fingers slowly pull at your now hard nipples through your shirt. You find yourself pushing against his back more, your head still tilted to the side exposing your neck. You feel your mouth open as you feel his tongue tip flick lightly on the skin of your neck. His tongue moved slowly, flicking along the side of your neck. Moving down and slowly back up. His fingers release your nipples and gently cup your breasts once more. He squeezes as his tongue flicks up along your skin, leaving tiny trails of moisture that cools quickly in the air. His mouth breathing warmly along your skin, sending small shivers down your back. Your eyes close as his tongue tip flicks across your earlobe. You feel him lean forward slightly and take your earlobe into his mouth. Carefully and lightly, he pulls your earlobe into his mouth. Then he releases. His hands move from your breasts and travel down again. Again, the heat from his hands moves along your shift down further. He releases your earlobe and kisses your neck below your ear. He moves his lips slowly from the side of your neck towards the back. You feel your head tilting forward to give him more room to move.

His hands traveled down past your tummy and towards your legs. You find your lower bodies moving slightly up to try to meet his hands. His lips moved across to the back of your neck. He kissed slowly up the back of your neck and into your hair. He moans lightly against your hair and starts to kiss down again. His hands reach between your legs. His fingertips lightly glide across your panties. You moan slightly as his fingers pass along towards your legs. Letting his palms glide lightly across your thigh, you feel the heat of his hands against your skin but his hand barely touching you. His lips move from the back of your neck towards the side of your neck. You again find yourself tilting your head to give him access to your neck. As his lips reach the side of your neck, he uses his fingertips and glide lightly down your leg. He traces lightly along the skin of your legs. His fingers tease your skin along your inner thighs.

You sigh again as you feel his lips on your neck. His lips move up your neck towards your ear as his fingers trace up from your upper inner thigh to your panties. You find yourself moving your hips as you feel his fingers through your panties. His fingers trace along your pussy, up and down over your panties. His lips gently move down your neck. He slides one hand up away from your panties and wraps it around your stomach under your shirt, hugging you while his other hand's fingers continue to tease you through your panties.

You feel his fingertips moving along your pussy, up to your clit. You ache to feel his naked skin on your clit. Your hips move against his fingertips as he traces slowly around your clit. You feel yourself growing warm to his touch, his fingers rubbing against your panties, rubbing against you. You hear him moan against your neck as your hips move, you feel him growing harder against your back as you move your hips forward against his fingers. 

He moans in your ear as he feels himself becoming fully aroused. His hardness throbs against your back. His fingers move up from teasing you through your panties.

You feel his fingers touching your skin under your shirt, just above your panties. His lips gently suck on the side of your neck. He moves his fingers down, pressing against your skin. You feel him travel under your panties and into your bush. The panties strain against his hand as he travels lower. You feel him moving his fingers slowly in almost circles. Your hips move up and you feel the tip of his fingers touch your clit. You almost scream at the sensation. Slowly, he continues to move down, finally touching your clit. Your hips continue to move, moving against his fingers as he rubs against your clit. His hardness throbs against your back through his pants and your shirt. You feel its thickness almost tapping against you. His fingers massaging your clit as his mouth sucks on your neck. You find your hand reaching up to touch his arm, hoping to push him down. Hoping to push his fingers into you. 

Your arm touches his arm, hoping to push his fingers into you. His fingers continue to move in circles over your clit. You feel his breathing on your neck as his mouth holds onto your neck. Your fingers wrap around his forearm and you push, but he resists.

"You want me to finger your pussy?" he whispers.

"Yes." you hear yourself answer.

"Okay, but first you'll have to move your hands. Put your hands on my ass."

Reluctantly, you remove your hand from his arm. You reach down to the bed and back, your hands touches his legs. You moan as he lifts his ass, causing his hardness to press harder into her back. She pushes her hands back and he lowers himself onto her hands.

His fingers stop moving around your clit. Her body continues to move, anticipating his fingers entering her. His hand slides forward slightly and you feel two of his fingertips spreading your pussy lips. Your eyes close and your head leans back against his shoulder. His cheek against your neck as his fingers move fully into you. You start to moan and your body moves up to fill yourself with his fingers. He starts to move his fingers out, making sure to keep his palm against your body. His fingers move and rock against you. Sliding across your clit and into your pussy. Then sliding out of your pussy and across your clit. The movement causes an electrical stroking sensation across your clit.

"Mmmm.. You like the way that feels?" he whispers into your ear.

His fingers move in and out, stroking your clit still.

Your head still pressed against his shoulder, you nod.

His fingers continue to move, stroking in and out of your pussy. Your body moves against his hand, trying to stroke yourself faster.

"You want me to move faster?" he whispers.

You nod again, not being able to stand his slow stroking movements. His movements causing your body to shiver as you try to push yourself harder and faster against his hand and fingers.

He strokes his fingers faster, almost deeper into you. You moan as you feel the increase in speed. His fingers push all the way and back out again. His fingers stroke faster across your clit. Up and down over your clit. In and out of your pussy. You shake as you feel yourself building up to an orgasm. Your body moves harder against him. You continue to move, as your back and ass seem to stroke his hardness. Your body rocks against his hand and fingers. Moving faster, his fingers continuously move across your clit. You feel your body thrusting now, no longer able to control yourself. Your body moves faster and faster towards his fingers. Faster and faster towards orgasm.

You hear yourself say, "I'm close. I want to cum!"

"Yes baby, cum on my fingers. Squeeze my fingers and cum on me." he urges you.

He pushes harder with his fingers. His other hand moves now, moves up to your breast and squeezes. His fingers take your nipple and tease it between his forefinger and thumb. All the while his fingers moving in and out of your pussy, up and down over your clit moves faster. He moves against you and your bucking body, hoping to bring you over. You feel it as it begins. It starts and advances towards you. Your body shakes and thrusts. You hear yourself moaning.

Then you feel his mouth against your neck, sucking. You feel the wave hit you; it flows and causes your head to press harder against his shoulder. You know you're screaming but you're not sure. His teeth graze against your neck and the second wave hits. Your body tensing and releasing as his fingers electrically causes your clit and body to cum.

Slowly you become aware that you've stopped cumming. Your body heaving as you try to catch your breath.

"Mmm." he whispers, "did that feel good?"

You nod your head weakly.

"Let me see how you taste."

You tremble slightly as he pulls his fingers out of your pussy. He lifts his fingers up and you see it glisten with your juices. He brings it to his lips and you hear him licking and sucking your juices off his fingers.

"Mmmm. You really taste fantastic,” he whispers into your ear.

You snuggle closer against his back. Your hands feeling slightly numb under his ass. You feel his cock, still hard against your back. You were about to pull away and turn around to tease him when you feel his hands on your shoulders.

"Lean forward and get on your knees. I can't stand it, I need to fuck you."

You shiver and feel your body moving forward. His hands guide you forward. Your hands pull from under his ass and reach forward onto the bed. You roll carefully onto your knees. He slides away from your back and kneels behind you between your legs. You look back and see him fumbling with his pants. He pulls his pants down and you see it. His cock hard and throbs in the air. He looks over at you and smiles.

"You've got me so hard and horny that I just want to push myself into you through your panties." he says to you.

You wiggle your ass at him slightly and grin back at him. He chuckles and reaches over and touches your t-shirt covered ass. Sliding his hands down and lifting your t-shirt over, his head moves forward and kisses your ass through your panties. His hands move down and tug at your panties. It slides over and off you leaving his lips against the skin of your ass. He moans and kisses down. You feel your panties slide down past your ass and stop where your knees are on the bed. His hands guide the panties off of you, one leg at a time while his mouth kisses down between your ass cheeks. As his lips reaches your ass hole. You feel his tongue tip slide out and carefully flick across your hole. Then he moves further down, sliding his tongue tip along over to your pussy. His hands reach up to grab your ass. He pulls you apart slightly as he squeezes your ass. His tongue tip slides between your pussy lips but doesn't enter you. He licks down, down over your clit. You moan as his tongue flicks over your clit a couple of times then moves up to your pussy again. This time, his tongue tip dips lightly into your pussy and comes back out. He moans against your pussy at the taste of your juices. You close your eyes as he pulls his tongue away from you. His knees position himself behind you. Moaning slightly as you feel the tip of his cock head against your pussy lips. You feel it move up and down against your pussy. His hot hard cock pressed against your wet and equally hot pussy. He slides it down along your pussy and presses it against your clit. You feel it throbbing against you, almost causing your body to move with his throbbing. He then slides his cock head up along your pussy and to your ass hole. You moan at the feel of his cock teasing you. You pull forward and feel a hand on your ass, holding you from moving away. He slides his cock head down again, pressing against your pussy lips. You hear him moan over your moan as his cock head enters you. You feel yourself pushing back to get more of him in you but he pulls back with you, leaving only his cock head in you.

"You want me to fuck you?" you hear him ask you.

His cock head in you throbs against your pussy. Your pussy wants him, to feel him fill you and push against you.

"Yes" you answer.

You feel yourself thrusting back just as he pushes forward. You hear him moan at the pleasure of your pussy pulling him into you. Your body begins to move, trying to set the pace. His cock slides out and you push back against him. He grunts and grabs your ass with both hands. He thrusts forward and pulls out. His cock spreading your pussy as your pussy sucks his cock in. He thrusts forward and pulls out. Your hips moving slowly as your ass slams against him. He thrusts forward and pulls out. You feel a steady rhythm as your body pushes against his. He thrusts forward and pulls out. You feel yourself moving faster as his cock strokes in and out of your pussy. The same electrical feeling now fills your pussy as he thrusts into you and pulls out. He moans feeling the same electricity. He thrusts harder and faster into you. His hands move up to your hips holding you and thrusting against you. You moan louder as you hear and feel both your bodies fucking. His hips thrust against your ass. His cock slides and spreads your squeezing pussy. His hands pull your hips. 

He moans. You thrust harder feeling him fill and leave you. He thrusts forward and pulls out.

You feel it again. It is rising in you as you move your body to his. He grunts as he thrusts forward and pulls out.

You thrust harder against his cock. You lower your head onto the bed, causing your ass to angle higher against him. His cock seems to fill you more as he thrusts forward and pulls out.

He thrusts harder feeling you spreading your ass more by leaning forward. He pushes harder as he thrusts forward and pulls out.

In and out, feeling your pussy pull at his cock.

In and out, he tries to fill your pussy with his cock.

"I'm going to cum soon, baby." you hear him moan to you.

In and out, he thrusts forward and pulls out.

You moan as you feel it starting.

"Are you going to cum?" he asks.

You thrust harder against him.

In and out, your body slams into his.

He moans as he thrusts harder.

You push yourself back up off the bed as you thrust faster against him. You turn around and you see his hands on your hips and a look of lust on his face. His eyes are closed as he thrusts into you.

"Look at me as you cum in me!" you growl at him.

He opens his eyes and looks down. His hips continue to thrust forward as his cock fucks in and out of you.

He looks into your eyes and thrusts harder.

You moan and thrust back to meet him.

"I'm going to cum.,” he says while looking into your eyes.

You're not sure if it was the words or the timing, you feel it too. Your body shakes, not breaking contact with his eyes. He thrusts into you harder as you feel his cock swell and release his first wave. You tremble as it triggers your orgasm. You look into his eyes, wanting to say that you're cumming too but it just comes out as a moan.

You see his body stiffen again as he thrusts hard into you releasing his second wave. In and out, his cock thrusts. Your orgasm taking over you just thrust against him, feeling his cock fill you and feeling his cum push against your pussy.

Finally you both slow down, spent. He pulls out of you and leans forward. Both his arms wrap about your stomach and chest. He pulls you back and you end up sitting between his legs again. Your back against his chest and your head leaning against his shoulder. He kisses your neck and sighs contently.

"I was just thinking of having a orange sorbet popsicle. What do you think?"