 This is the first of a series I'll name 'Tissue Tease'. Why do I call it that? Because I wrote it quickly and sometimes quite literally on tissue. All of these are inspired by my female fans who wrote feedback and we've started some sort of dialogue. :) One tease leads to another..

I've changed it slightly from the original text sent to the fan, but here it is for all of you to see. :) Let me know what you think.

Ladies, keep writing! :) 

---

Opening the bedroom door and quietly walking through, I see you sitting there typing on the computer. You don't seem to notice so I quietly step behind you. you're writing a note to someone. I smile and lean forward. 

You feel my lips on your neck, kissing softly. You start to react but stop as you realize it is me that and it feels good. 

My hands rest on your shoulders as my lips begin to move up and down your neck. 

You moan slightly. 

My lips move up and kiss your ear. You hear me whisper 'hello' and take your earlobe into my mouth. Gently sucking your earlobe once and a second time. I release it and start kissing you along your cheek. 

You turn slightly so that your mouth is closer to my mouth. 

I moan as my lips touch your lips. We kiss slowly for several minutes. My hands gently touch your neck. My lips move away from your lips reluctantly and travel down your chin. I feel your head tilt back as my lips move further down, starting to kiss your neck. Slowly and lightly, my lips move along your neck, teasing your skin with my lips. My hands travel down from your neck, moving next to my head. Kissing lightly down towards your breasts, my hands slowly move. My mouth reaches between your breasts as my hands lightly caress you on the top of your breasts. My lips move further down as my fingers touch your breasts. 

You hear me moan as my fingers reach your nipples. Slowly teasing your nipples through your shirt and bra, carefully squeezing them. 

My mouth continues down and my fingers release your nipples. Kissing more urgently against you my mouth reaches your tummy. My hands now move down your side and to your hips. as my lips approach the top of your pants, you find yourself already leaning back against your chair to give me access. My hands move along to the front of your pants and start to unbutton it. My lips continue to kiss your tummy as I start to push your pants and panties down. 

I feel you lift yourself, pressing your tummy against my mouth as your pants and panties fall below to your knees. My mouth moves down a little more and kiss along your bush. 

You lean forward a little more and try to spread your legs. the pants and panties restrict how far you can spread your legs. 

My hands travel down to your legs and push the pants and panties down further. My lips move to the side, over to one leg. My hands fumble with your shoe, pulling it off you. Then as my lips move further down your lap, my hands pull your pants and panties off your leg. My hands then travel back up your legs to your knees. My lips reach you knees, my head pulls back and I look into your eyes. My hands push your knees apart as I move forward, on my knees. My eyes never leave your eyes as I move forward, my mouth opening. You see my tough come out and feel it touching your pussy. My eyes close at the feel of you against my tongue. 

I moan slightly as my tongue travels along your pussy. Enjoying the feel of you and the scent of you. My tongue moves up and down, slowly along your pussy lips. I feel you start to move your hips slightly and so I push my tongue tip slightly into you. 

You moan a little as my tongue travels between your pussy lips. Licking and licking. Sliding up and down. 

My hands touch your thighs as my tongue continues to lick up and down. as my hands slide across your thigh, my tongue moves deeper into you. Pushing my face and lips harder against your pussy. I feel you pushing your pussy against my face. 

I hold my tongue in you and wait. You move once. Then you move a second time against my face. Then I begin to lick again, sliding upwards and out. In and upwards and out. My hands touch the sides of your pussy, my tongue travels up and flicks over your clit. My fingers slowly spread your pussy lips as my tongue teases your clit. Slowly licking, flicking, circling your clit. My fingers massage the sides of your pussy, along your pussy lips. 

After feeling you pressing yourself against my chin, my mouth opens and takes in your clit. Slowly pulling your clit in. slowly squeezing your clit against my lips. 

You hear me moan, feel me moan through your clit. 

My fingers slide along your pussy lips, feeling your wetness. Slowly pushing two fingers in you, I feel you pushing your hips against my fingers. You find your hips moving, moving fast against my face and fingers. 

You look down and see your hands gripping the arm rests as my mouth surrounds your clit. You see my eyes looking up at you as my head bobs with the movement of your hips. You see and feel my mouth pulling your clit in, squeezing and sliding you against my lips. in and out. in and out. 

My fingers move in and out of you. Your entire pussy burns hot with the need to cum, my mouth urging your clit. My fingers push your pussy. Your hips grind against my face. You continue to watch me, suck and suck. My fingers push and push. You feel it. It starts in your belly. The orgasm starts to rumble out. My lips pulling your clit in deeper and my tongue tip starts to flick against your clit. 

You moan and see your hands grab at my head. You start to move your hips faster against my lips. Your hands push my head against you. You moan louder as you feel me moan onto your clit. You start to shake as your orgasm begins. it flows and tenses your legs, you push. No, thrust against my face now as you cum. 

My mouth doesn't release you, it keeps sucking on your clit until you're done. My fingers move in and out until your hips lower your ass back onto the chair. I moan again and you rock with your cum. your body slows down and your hands pull my head off your clit. I smile up at you and slide my fingers out of you. I lift them to my mouth and I suck on my fingers. then I get up and your hands fall from my head. I lean over to you and kiss, kiss you hard on the lips. We kiss, our tongues dancing with each other for a few minutes. Moving my lips off your lips, I smile. 

You notice that my pants has been opened and pulled down. 

My cock, hard and throbbing before me. You realize that I must have unbuttoned it when I was kissing you. My hands grab your ass, squeezing, I pull you forward a little so that your ass is on the edge of the chair. Moving forward, on my knees, you see me grabbing my cock. I take the cock head and slide it up and down along your pussy, feeling its wetness smear against the bottom of my cock head. 

You look up at me as you hear me moan at the feel of you. 

My eyes have a glazed look of lust. Carefully sliding my cock head up along your pussy, I place the head against your clit, letting you feel it throb against you. Letting you feel the hardness and heat my cock is generating against your clit. 

I look at you, your mouth is open slightly feeling it on you, I lean forward and kiss you hard. You moan as I lean forward, this causes my cock to slide up along your clit. The bottom of my cock stroking across your clit. My balls pressed against your pussy lips. 

We kiss for a little bit more and I grunt, pulling away. Again my cock slides against your clit, throbbing and hard. You once again look at me as I take my cock in my hand. Sliding the cock head down along your pussy. 

I stop at the entrance. My cock head still throbbing, you feel me push against you. You feel yourself open up and take my cock head in. there I stop again. 

You feel your body moving, trying to take more of me in. You look up and see my eyes closed. a look of pleasure. 

My eyes open and I see you looking at me. I smile at you and push down. The entire length of my cock slowly moves into you, you realize that your mouth was open and you are moaning as my cock moves into you. With my entire cock in you, I stop. 

Leaning against you, my cock throbbing in your pussy, your pussy grabbing my cock. I kiss you again. My hands grab the seat of the chair. I pull away from our kiss and I start to move. 

Pulling out until only my cock head is in you, then thrusting back in. your hands reach up and grab my shoulders as I move. 

You look between us and see and feel my cock moving, thrusting in you. then out again and again thrusting back into you. the feel of my cock spreading your pussy and your pussy grabbing at my cock feels so good. Your body moves with and against me. Your hips slam up to meet my thrusts. 

You look up at me, my eyes are closed, concentrating on feeling you. Concentrating on fucking you. You moan again as I start to thrust harder and faster. You squeeze my shoulders and thrust yourself harder. You feel yourself starting again. the sensation different but the same as before. Your body trembles and you start to push harder against me. You feel and need the sensation of our moving bodies to thrust harder in order to bring you over the edge. You start to push and thrust against my cock and hips harder. 

My body responds by thrusting really hard and stroking my cock in and out of you really fast. 

You hear our bodies slapping together, you feel my balls slapping against your ass and pussy. You close your eyes to concentrate, to feel it wash over you. You moan. our bodies continue to slap to fuck each other. You feel my lips on your neck then, breathing hard against you as our bodies push against each other. 

My lips press against the skin of your neck as my cock thrusts into your pussy. My mouth starts to suck on your neck as your pussy sucks on my cock. I bite your neck gently and you scream. The bite has brought the spark that pushes your body over. it starts somewhere below your tummy, the orgasm pushes out and against me. 

Your body rocks and tenses up as we continue to thrust hard. feel your pussy squeeze my cock so hard, I grunt as I feel my wave of orgasm begin. 

I thrust harder, if it was possible and you moan feeling the first wave of your orgasm push out and you cum onto my fucking cock. As your second thrust of your cumming pussy hits my cock, you feel my cock swell in your pussy as I start to cum. it hits your pussy and feels thick, you moan again and again as you continue to cum against me as my cock cums into you. 

You open your eyes as you feel yourself slowing down. 

My cock slows down to slow strokes as I open my eyes, I see you open yours. I smile down at you and kiss your lips passionately. You return the kiss and run your hands down from my shoulders to my arms. I carefully reach down between us and slide my cock out of you. Again I lean forward to kiss you. 

I pull back and stand up, pulling my pants up and zipping up. You lay against your chair breathing hard. 

I lean forward to kiss the side of your cheek, then you hear me whisper "How is this? Is this better than teasing? Just fucking. Mmm. it felt good to me. I hope I didn't compromise your virtue too much." 

I hear you chuckle as your hands push me away. 

I smile down at you. 

Pulling up my pants, I walk over to the bedroom door, open it and walk out.