 When I thought back over the past few days I couldn't believe this film was not only starting to come together but my obsession was being fed on a daily basis. I prepared a simple ad for the paper to see if it would bring any results.

Looking for models for new film

Will pay up to $1000 per day

Must prove your at least 21

Phone #........ for interview.

All ages will be considered

Simple, effective and I had little to lose by trying. I was also wondering if the girls were going to come up with anyone that they knew. Just the thought of an audition was starting to make me hard again. I could experience eight different woman in a matter of a week or so. I'm getting too far ahead of myself because tonight I'm going to enjoy Anne to the fullest.

Seven PM came and promptly on time was Anne. She was dressed in a plain white shirt and shorts, sandals, pearl necklace, and simple gold earrings. I could see that she had no bra on and her nipples were visible under the thin cloth.

"Hi Mike. I want a glass of wine. Don't bother to get up I'll get it." 

"Nice tits," I replied.

"You already know that. The question is will you think they're better than Casey's or Suzanne's after I'm done."

"You're the biggest and have the least sag."

"We'll see how well you perform," she said. She walked over to the sofa and looked at the pictures of Casey and Suzanne again.

"I must admit Casey has damn nice titties and Suzanne's are delicious looking with all your cum. My problem is I want you to cum in my mouth, tits, and pussy. I know what you want and tonight I will prove my tits are best."

With that remark she pulled her shirt up and over her beautiful mounds, arched her back and said "How about some breast massaging and sucking to get me warmed up."

"How can I refuse such a request," I replied quickly getting on my knees in front of her on the couch.

She moaned the minute my hands went to the warm alabaster flesh and slowly began to knead the grapefruit size mounds like bread dough. The red nipples were erect and as I began to tease them with my lips she moaned even more. We both loved every minute of this. It surprised me that she suddenly got up and went over to the refrigerator again. More wine I guess. But to my surprise she came back to the couch with a small paper bag that contained cleaned ripe strawberries and a can of whipping cream. 

"What do you think of this tittie man?"

She opened the can of whipping cream, shook it and sprayed the front of her titties covering them in white. She then took two strawberries and carefully placed them in the middle of the mounds and popped one in her mouth and placed one in mine.

"You may continue, Mike"

"Not until I take a picture of this. Do you mind?"

"I suppose it's ok," she replied.

I actually took more than one shot of this dessert masterpiece. I wondered what Casey and Suzanne would think. Maybe they would try to outdo her. I did a waist up shot as she arched her back, a closeup of one breast and then the other, and finally a closeup of the strawberry and the whip cream. 

Continue is exactly what I did with gusto. I helped myself to one of the strawberries and licked the cream all around it until I saw the hardened nipple which I promptly bit into causing a gurgling cry from Anne. I hefted the breast with both hands and slowly licked up all of the whip cream to her delight making sure my tongue licked the bottom, sides, and cleavage. I finished by biting on the nipple hard making it even more erect than it was. Having finished the right side I began to do the same thing to her left one. First the strawberry, then a healthy portion of the whip cream followed by holding it up with both hands to make sure I got all of the cream off. When I finished I held each one in my hand kneading them like bread again and looked at my handiwork.

She sensed the next move and pulled off her shorts as well as my pants, spread her legs and waited for my tongue to bring her into ecstasy which I did in a very short period of time. Between my nimble fingers and my tongue darting in and out of her pussy she climaxed in a very short period of time, collapsing for a brief moment on the couch.

"Change positions with me now Mike. It's time for a lot of sucking and titty fucking. Do you want me to get the oil?"

"Please Anne. I want it to slide smoothly."

She got up went to the bathroom and came back with the baby oil. She opened the bottle, looked at it, and proceeded to swallow my cock like she did last night taking it all the way down to the base. Now it was my turn to groan in delight as she slowly moved her mouth back and forth on my shaft. I was in heaven. She stopped, squirted a small amount of oil on my cock, and on the top of each breast and then slowly rubbed it into my cock.

"Knead my titties Mike and lube them up good before I give you the best tit fucking you've ever had in your life."

My kneading was slow and thorough and both breasts and cock glistened with oil. You could smell that unmistakable aroma from the oil along with the musky smell of her satisfied pussy. Her breasts had very little sag and they practically touched each other giving her a nice tight cleavage to slide my cock through.

Anne took my cock in one hand and slowly put it in her cleavage from the bottom holding it and pushing it up between the slippery flesh. They were close enough together and so firm that she didn't have to hold the sides at all. I just laid there while she held the bottom of my cock and rubbed it between her wonderful titties. While she was doing this ever so slowly she chanted "Fuck em, fuck em, fuck em."

She was holding just high enough on the shaft and her breasts were big enough that I couldn't see the cockhead. I was completely engulfed in her flesh and loving every single minute of it. She was doing it in almost slow motion so the pleasure was enhanced even more and she knew the effect it was having on me.

She got up from the floor and said "Let me lay on the couch and you can get on top of me and fuck my melons real good."

Reluctantly I got up so she could lie down on her back. I sat on her tummy and slid my cock into her cleavage while I held her tits, massaging them at the same time I was fucking her marvelous cleavage. As I slid further and further into her tunnel, the cockhead would appear at the top and her tongue was there to immediately greet it. The sensation so good I would stop and let her not only lick with her tongue but actually suck on it. After a few seconds I would pull back and slowly slide back down her cleavage until only the cockhead was still covered in her breast flesh. I would do it again and again prolonging the inevitable for as long as I could.

"I want you to squeeze my breasts together until the nipples touch and let me hold it in place so you can fuck my nipples."

She held her hand above my cock so it was a tunnel between her hand and her nipples and breast flesh. She held her hand down just hard enough so that it would slide over the nipples. What a nice sensation as I could hear her moaning like she was going to cum again and the nipples getting harder and harder by the minute as well as my cock which was ready to explode. 

"Are you ready to cum? Do my titties feel good? Do you like fucking them?"

"These are the best Anne. I'm ready. Can I cum?"

"Wait a little longer Mike. Hold back for me baby"

Anne had taken over now and was giving me a slow handjob, rubbing her hand back and forth on the bottom of the shaft while guiding the cockhead slowly in and out of the bottom of her breasts.

"I want you to give me a second pearl necklace now Mike. Fuck me hard between my titties and give me what I want," she cried.

I pushed her titties together even tighter and quickened my movement savoring each thrust into her breast flesh. Anne opened her mouth and started licking the cockhead again and that was the end for me. I couldn't hold back anymore and let loose on her tongue and in her mouth not a pearl necklace as she requested. The rest of my cum nicely filled the cleavage of her breasts. I pulled it out and carefully rubbed her nipples back and forth. I was satisfied and so was she except for one thing. I got up and took a nice picture of her oil soaked tits. There wasn't a lot of cum but I don't think she cared.

"You got nice tits Anne, the best"

She kept the pose with her back arched even after the picture so I could see them in all their glory. They looked positively delicious and I knew that if she let me I'd fuck her pussy, mouth, and tits on a regular basis.

"The ad starts running tomorrow Anne. Do you have any girlfriends in mind that might want to be part of the film?"

"If I had my way Mike I'd say forget your movie, Casey, and Suzanne and as a reward you can have my every day and night for the rest of your life."

"Oh your good, real good Anne. Don't think I'm not tempted and after this film is done I might just take you up on the offer. Your tits are mighty tempting."

She cupped them in her hands, held them out and said "Anytime you want Mike."

"You still didn't answer my question. Do you have any girlfriends that might want to join the production?"

"I have one in mind. I'll approach her tomorrow and let you know."

After Anne left and I lie in bed, my thoughts turned to the film again. It was all going to come together. As I drifted off to sleep I thought about what kind of tits I would be fucking tomorrow. They couldn't be better than what Anne gave me tonight. But I said that the night before about Casey, Anne, and Suzanne.