 Mike was exhausted after his encounter with Jody and he slept very well that night until the phone woke him up at 8 AM.

"This is Mike," he answered sleepily, "What can I do for you?"

"This is Janet," she shouted, "Do you remember me. The first woman you ever titty fucked, or at least that's what you told me at the time."

"Good to hear from you," said Mike.

"Understand you're in the movie business now," Janet asked, not sure of herself.

"I'm putting together a film," Mike informed Janet of his intentions

"I understand it is about titty fucking. Why didn't you call me?" she asked.

"I had no idea you'd be interested," Mike responded.

"From what I understand," Janet said, "The pay is $1000 per day and I could use the money or are my pear size breasts too small?"

"Not at all Janet, They're just fine as you know, "Mike replied. "Why don't you come over?"

"Will be there in ½ hour," she said.

Mike hung up the phone, quickly got into the shower, shaved, combed his hair, brushed his teeth, and got dressed. He made some coffee, good quality beans, and some toast all in 20 minutes. As he sat down to catch his breath there was a knock on the door. Mike got up and answered the door.

"Did you place an ad for models?" she asked.

"Mike and you're?"

"Carrie and am interested in applying for the modeling position."

As Mike asked her in to take a seat on the couch he took a long hard look at Carrie. He estimated 5'6", 120 lbs., brown eyes, long auburn hair, nice shape, huge breasts from the curves showing on the gray sweater. From what he could see she would do very nicely if she understood what was required of her.

"This film has to do with a titty fuck contest so your breasts will be felt, sucked, and finally fucked. Have you ever done this before?" Mike asked.

"No," replied Carrie, "My boyfriend has shot cum on my melons and other parts of me but never a cock between my tits. Does that disqualify me?"

"The contest starts with 8 girls and guys who try to make the guy come to the quickest advances to the next round of 4 then two and a winner. There will also be a drawing for people that purchase the film. The winners will get a weekend on an island with the 8 girls," he said. "Part of the deal is sampling the merchandise by me. You would be #6 if chosen."

"Sounds like something that I could do," Carrie said, "Does the salary of $1000 per day include the trip to the island?"

"Haven't gotten that far in the process yet," said Mike. "Let's do the film first. I have someone coming over like right now so there is a little problem."

"What's the problem?" she quizzically answered.

"You have to leave for a little while, say 2 hours," said Mike with a sense of urgency.

"I can do it," said Carrie. "I'll come back at 11:00."

"I appreciate it," said Mike, somewhat relieved.

Mike got up and opened the door for Carrie who left with a smile on her face. This was one hot babe, maybe the best of the bunch. She had big breasts and Mike was dying to see them bare and out in the open.

Carrie no longer exited and Janet arrived on time. Mike opened the door and Janet came in and went right to the sofa. Jane was just average looking. She was 5'5", 125 lbs., brown hair, brown eyes; she took good care of what she had. She had minimum makeup short hair, and nice legs and buttocks. Her best asset was her breasts (See Tit Fuck Contest Ch. 01) which were perfect for fucking. 

"Tell me all about, Janet questioned.

"It's a titty fuck contest with 8 girls and guys. We do 8 and 4 and 2 and a winner. Do you want to participate? Mike asked.

"For a $1000 or more you bet I will. If I win I'll get 3 thousand more."

"You have to do one thing. "Titty-fuck me," Mike said with lust.

"You know what it's like. You've done it enough," she said angrily

"Say it's for old times. Refresh my memory." 

Janet pulled her shirt off revealing a fancy laced bra. She undid her bra revealing her beautiful breasts to Mike. They were pear-shaped with large brown areolas and perky nipples that stuck straight up. Her breasts didn't sag but were larger on the bottom than the top, thus the pear-shaped reference. They were pure alabaster white filled with visible blue veins that were plentiful but dainty looking. There was one on each breast that went to the areolas and then stopped. 

Janet got up and went to the bathroom to get the baby oil.

"If I may ask how long has it been since your last titty fuck?" Mike asked.

"If you must know you were the last one to do it," Janet said.

Mike didn't want to fuck them right away; he laid her down on the couch, straddled her, and started to knead her breasts like bread dough. When he touched her nipples she gasped with desire for more. Mike sunk his hands into her flesh harder pushing them flatter. He leaned over and began to bite and suck on her nipples making them stick out even more.

"Don't stop Mike. Bite me hard. It feels so good," She wailed.

"I forgot how good they taste and feel baby, Mike replied barely audible to Janet.

Mike was busy making up for the lost time by spending all his time on her fabulous breasts. He continued to knead, suck and bite the ripe pears until she couldn't stand it anymore. She screamed with pleasure as Mike bit on them like a ripe pear, getting as much of the breast in his mouth. He slobbered them with his saliva until they were wet. He continued going back and forth biting each nipple and then shoved it in his mouth as deep as he could. God, she had nice breasts. He had forgotten how good they were. 

He couldn't wait any longer and shoved his cock into her breast flesh, enjoying the softness they had to offer. Janet spits on his cock to give it some lube and then stopped, grabbed the bottle of baby oil and poured a good amount on Mike's cock. Then she put it back in her cleavage and it slid like being on the ice. When the head popped free of her breasts she licked the oily head with her tongue and lips. She wanted to please Mike and make him realize what he was missing even though she was the one that drifted away.

Janet was so horny over all the breast play she was getting wet. She wanted Mike to fuck her but no man has. She decided to wait for the right person. Mike was just not ready to settle down to one person. For now, there was always her hand to do the job which she was doing while her jugs were being fucked.

Mike was now fucking her breasts and pushing down on her titties. There was very little give to them. He had the nipples in between two of his fingers and he pulled on the nipples as he was pressing on the flesh and sliding his cock back and forth while Janet licked the tip, taking in all of the precum. Mike was so happy with his hands full of breast flesh and his cock surrounded by breast flesh. 

"Fuck em fuck em hard," Janet cried out. "Make my cunt wet."

"They're so good Janet, the best I have ever fucked"

"If you wanted you could have them every day," she said.

Mike was very quiet and continued feeling her breasts with his hands and cock. The flesh felt so good that Mike couldn't stop doing what he was doing to her breasts. The white flesh was addictive to him and he kept on feeling and groping with his hands. The once alabaster-white breasts were now a shade of pink from the kneading they were getting. Janet was playing with her pussy which was wet with her juices; her clit was swollen from the rubbing she was giving it. Her breasts were still being played with and Mike was pulling on her swollen erect nipples as well as fucking her tits. His cock was erect and purple making quite the contrast against her white breasts. His balls were blue aching to release the load of cum he had for Janet but he was edging himself trying to get as much titty fucking as he could get before exploding.

"Am I the best titty fuck you've ever had?" Janet asked with passion in her voice. "I like it when you titty-fuck me."

"Yes, yes, yes," said Mike. "Your tits are incredible."

"My breasts missed your big cock. Are you going to cum on me or in my mouth?" Janet sexily said. "They need your man lotion."

"Do you want a pearl necklace, Janet?"

"No, cum all over them. Put some of that lotion on my nipples. I want to see it drip off of me. Tell me when you cum so I can sit up for you and give you a clear shot at them."

"I can't get enough of your titties Janet. My cock is on fire with the feeling of your soft breasts. This is better than pussy fucking."

"Bite my nipples again Mike, "Janet cried out. "Please bite me hard."

Mike shifted his body back down and buried his face back down to her titties licking the underside, the sides, teasing her before he bit the nipple hard on one breast and then the other. He pressed them together and put both of them in his mouth at the same time. This made her wild as she squirmed to get more of the breasts in his mouth. Mike then took one breast at a time and shoved as much of it as he could in his mouth biting down on the breast flesh. He swirled his tongue on it loving it. Then he went to the other breast and sucked that down his mouth doing the same thing to it.

Janet moved her fingers in her pussy faster and faster on her clitoris bringing her to a climax causing her to shake her hips in ecstasy trembling. Mike continued on his suckling of her breasts including the nipples. Janet was happy but she needed to take care of Mike.

She got up and put herself between his legs and grabbed his cock and began to stroke it with her hand and rubbing it on her breasts. She was looking sexily at him as she slowly stroked his still oiled cock. To make sure it was lubricated she grabbed the baby oil and poured more on the top of her breasts and rubbed it all over her breasts making cock and tits gleam with the shine of the oil.

She teased Mike by sucking on just the head of his cock while rubbing the shaft with her hand bringing it to cumming.

"I'm gonna cum Janet.," said Mike

Janet put his shaft on her titties and placed rope after rope of hot cum on her breasts and nipples and then watched and smiled as the cum dripped down her nipples and breasts. 

"Want to take a picture of me?" Janet said. 

"Of course," said Mike, as he went for the camera.

Mike went for his camera and flash and took a series of shots from the waist up with a portrait lens. Janet stuck her breasts out by arching her back and posed sexily for the camera.

"Am I in?"

"Yes for sure," said Mike. "I'll be ready to go soon."

"Want to take a shower with me?" Janet said.

"Let's go, Janet."

While Janet went in and got the water warm Mike took a quick look at the photos he took of Janet and smiled at some of the pictures. There sure was a lot of cum on her titties and it sure was hot looking.

Mike and Janet took their time in the shower soaping each other up. Mike paid a lot of attention to her pretty pussy, seldom seeing it. He also spent 5 minutes soaping, licking, and biting her beautiful pears. She gasped when he bit down on one of her nipples and took it in his mouth. He couldn't believe that he wanted her again but he did. He shoved two fingers into her tight pussy and she gasped with pleasure as he found her clit and began playing with it. As far as he could judge she was ready for fucking but he wasn't. He continued to rub her clit and suck on her breasts and nipples.

"Fuck me, Mike. Fuck me hard. I'm ready for you," she lovingly said.

"I can't Janet. It's too soon for me," said Mike. "I want to but there is nothing I can do for now."

He stopped feeling her pussy and biting her breasts and finished rinsing her and himself. He disgustedly got out of the shower and began to dry himself off. Janet soon followed and began wiping herself off.

"It's okay Tom. I promise we'll fuck later. I want you so bad now. I'm ready for your big cock."

"I'm so sorry I disappointed you, Janet," said Mike "I've wanted to fuck you for so long and you finally give in and I can't do it."

"I'll come back tonight and give you the treat you're looking for," she said, "We'll have a good time I promise."

"I can't," said Mike. "I'm busy."

"You're busy fucking some other pair of titties. You can't fool me," she said in disgust. "You can forget fucking me or my tits ever again. Take your movie and enjoy yourself. We're finished."

Janet quickly dressed and left the apartment in a huff. Mike stood in shock as he realized what he had done. He went into the kitchen and poured himself a Jim Beam and downed it in one gulp, waiting for it to take effect. Why didn't you tell Carrie to come back tomorrow? How stupid can you be?

Mike spent the rest of the day working on the film's paperwork, which there was a lot to be done. He took a break and called Janet leaving a message that he was sorry and to please give him another chance. There was nothing to do but do paperwork and wait for Carrie to come over. With Janet out of the picture, he would still need 3 girls if Carrie proved to be okay. Anne, Jodie, Suzanne, Carrie, and Casey were the girls committed. He could call CW and Karen, maybe Sue plus anyone else who answers the ad, the guys would have no speaking parts so being able to hold an erection would be more important as well as the size of the cock. 

Mike fixed himself another drink and fell asleep on the couch. He was awakened by a knock on the door. He got up and answered the door to greet Carrie again, dressed as she was this morning. She had on that gray sweater that clung o her bra. This lady was a well-developed lady. Carrie was motioned over to the couch, offered a drink which she accepted, and Mike sat down on the couch with a drink of Jim Beam.

"I want to thank you for coming back over again," said Mike being sorry.

"As I said earlier in the day that coming back is all a part of the business," she said.

"That is still very good of you."

"Do you have any questions for me? Mike asked

"When are you going to start filming?" she said.

"Two weeks give or take a day or two." "Filming will be done in 4 days. Depending on how well you do in the contest you could work all 4 days or be done in one day."

"I guess I'm at a disadvantage because I've never done it before so would you show me how it's done?" she asked knowing the answer in advance.

"Sure, I can show you a thing or two about it."

Carrie stood up and pulled the sweater over her head revealing a lacy bra that showed her cleavage very nicely. Teasingly she unhooked her bra and held it in front of her breasts and slowly dropped it to the floor revealing the nicest pair of breasts Tom had ever seen.

"Their 36DDD if I didn't tell you before," Carrie proudly announced to Mike.

They were the size of cantaloupes, very firm with little sag to them, pure white with visible blue veins, tight cleavage, dark pink areoles, and raspberry size nipples that were very erect from the excitement of the situation.

"Where do you want me?"

"Lay down on the couch and I'll get on top of you. We'll take it from there."

"Do you like what you see? Do they make you crazy?" Carrie said as she arched her back showing her titties even more.

"Yes I do, very much," Mike said, "It will be a pleasure to fuck them nice and slow."

"I thought speed was important. Didn't you say that the quickest one was the winner?" Carrie asked.

"This is different," Mike said, "I want to take my time."

As Mike took his clothes off Carrie took her shorts off, leaving the bikini panties on. As Carrie laid down her breasts stuck out like two huge snow cones with a cranberry on the top. Carrie was excited and getting wet over what was going to happen to her. Mike mounted her, sitting on her stomach and started by kneading and biting the nipples. The flesh felt good to be felt and the already erect nipples grew even more. They were now swollen from the biting and had changed to a dark pink almost red, both the nipple and the areoles.

"Bite them hard so it hurts. It turns me on," she said. "Make my nipples bigger and more sensitive. Press harder on them. It feels so good."

As he bit harder the milkers began to leak milk on the areola which Mike quickly lapped up and waited for more to come. Her cleavage was so tight it was hard to push it together to make them tighter they were so big causing little if any space. Tom felt a pressure he had never felt before as his cock entered her cleavage. It felt like a tight pussy only softer. Cassie moaned from the attention she was receiving. She like Mike was into breast play and enjoyed the whole process including playing with her pussy lips and clit.

Mike pressed down on her tits and slid his cock back and forth hardly seeing his cock as they were so big. They were not like the typical hangars that are a lot more common but firm like a cantaloupe with very little give to it. Creating enough friction Mike took the baby oil and poured some onto her breasts and began to rub it in making her breasts shiny and slippery. As he started to slide in her cleavage again the oil got on his cock and made it much easier to slide.

Carrie enjoyed having the oil put on her breasts as she liked the attention Mike was giving them. The fact that he rubbed it all in made her hot.

"I like you fucking them Mike. It makes me feel slutty somehow and dirty you doing this to me," she said.

"I like fucking them too," he said.

"As much as the girl who was here this morning?"

"Yes as much if not more."

"Do you like my breasts," she said, "Get you hot enough?"

"These beauties are gorgeous," he said.

Mike couldn't get enough of her melons and rock hard nipples which were so erect now from all of the attention. He had never seen such large nipples before and the red color made them incredibly sexy as it was set off by the white alabaster breast flesh. Mike felt the vein harden in his cock and he knew he was going to cum soon.

"Spray my trophies with icing Mike," she said in a state of anxiety.

"I'm gonna cum," he said.

Mike took his cock out of the cleavage and dumped cum onto her nipples and breasts, painting them with white sperm. The sexy breasts looked even sexier as the cum dripped off of her nipples making her so hot looking. Carrie took his cock in her mouth and cleaned off the rest of the cum as she smiled it was a job well done.

"Am I hired?" she said.

"Yes you are," Mike exclaimed.

Five down and maybe six now. This was going along very well except for Janet who will change her mind.

***