 Chapter 2: Tanya gets Neighborly

I could not believe my luck. I had just moved into my new house, and my new neighbor was on her knees kissing my cock in the afterglow of an incredible orgasm. Tanya had come over to bring me a welcoming basket, and we had ended up by the pool with me blowing an enormous load all over her massive tits.

She continued to kiss my cock gently all over. It did not take many kisses before I felt the familiar feelings return to my groin, and my dick began to harden. Tanya smiled as I sensed a renewed fire in her eyes. “Back to life already?” she asked with a grin.

“Looks that way,” I said. “You have quite an effect on me.”

“That makes two of us,” she moaned as she began stroking my now rock hard shaft up and down.

“Lets move inside,” I suggested. She stood up and I just stared at her incredible body. Slender, toned, tan legs running up to a beautiful, glistening sandy blond pussy. Flat stomach topped with two of the largest and most incredible real tits I have ever seen. A beautiful face, with a smile formed by two lips designed for wrapping around hard shafts. Top it all off with some curly blond hair, and you have the goddess standing before me.

She turned toward the house and I watched her tight, high ass sway back and forth, and could see the swell of her breasts on her sides as they swayed with her walk. I got up and followed her into the house, my hard dick throbbing in front of me. We got inside. “The bedroom is around the corner,” I said. “I’ll fix us a couple of drinks and be in there in a second.” 

“Don’t keep me waiting too long,” Tanya said, as she reached up and massaged her tits with a pout on her face.

I just smiled as she turned toward the bedroom. I fixed a couple of gin and tonics and headed down the hall. I almost dropped the glasses when I got to the door. Tanya was lying across the bed spread-eagle, with her amazing cunt pointed straight at me. Her right hand was deep inside her pussy, while her left stroked her clit. The “V” of her arms in that position pushed her enormous tits together in two beautiful peaks. She was moaning softly with her eyes closed. I watched for a few minutes as she fingered herself in obvious bliss. Her fingers were glistening in her cunt juices.

I walked over and set the drinks on the night stand. I climbed on the bed and leaned over her and took one of her swollen nipples into my mouth. “Oh, yes,” she moaned. I began sucking and nibbling on her perfect buds with more passion. I moved down her body and between her legs. I pulled her hand from her cunt, and took her fingers into my mouth, savoring her sweet taste. She brought her hands up to her tits as I moved in for a closer taste. I lapped at her now swollen lips and slid my tongue up to her engorged clit. Tanya’s body arched as I hit her sensitive spot, and her hands squeezed her breasts. As I looked up her body, I could not even see her face behind her amazing mounds.

I ate her pussy with abandon, alternating speed and pressure. Just when she was almost on the brink, I would slow down and pull her back. Finally, she had had enough. “Fuck me, please!! Fuck me, now!” she practically screamed. I was happy to oblige.

I moved up her body and our mouths embraced in a deep kiss. I positioned my cock at her entrance and she practically sucked me into her love canal. I plunged all the way in on the first stroke and we both moaned. I began pumping in and out. Her pussy was so wet, so hot, and so incredible. Her breasts were mashed against my chest, and I could feel her nipples pressing into me. We fucked in this position for a while, increasing the tempo and intensity as we went along. 

I rolled off her and onto my back, pulling her with me. She quickly mounted me, and sat up. I stared up at her, those incredible tits standing at attention above me. I reached up and began massaging them as she bounced up and down on my shaft. I squeezed her nipples. That sent her over the edge to her first intense orgasm. “Oh, my god. Yes!! Yess!! Squeeze my tits. Pinch them!! Yes!!” she moaned, bucking against me.

She leaned down and put her nipple back into my mouth, practically suffocating me with her bountiful, creamy mounds. She sat back up. I suddenly had an idea.

I reached over and pulled an ice cube out of one of the glasses. I reached up and began rubbing the ice all over her tits and back and forth over her nipples. This drove her wild. She grabbed my hand and rubbed the ice over her nipples. “OOOOOHHH!! Oh, my god. That is incredible. Yess!!” she screamed. She began fucking me with abandon as I continued to press the ice into her tits. 

I knew I was getting close. This was just too hot. I rolled her off of me and back onto her back. I straddled her stomach. “Press your tits together,” I said.

“Oh, yes. Titti fuck me. Please. Fuck these big titties with that hot cock.”

I slid my well lubed shaft between those amazing mounds. I reached over and grabbed another cube. As I steadily began to pound my cock through her amazing cleavage, I rubbed the ice over her nipples. They were getting harder and harder with the cold sensation from the ice. She was moaning loudly, and this was sending me over the edge. I pulled my cock out from between her tits and jacked it twice. Then I aimed it right at her left nipple and let loose. I felt the cum surge up my shaft and explode all over her nipple. “Holy . . . OHHHHHHHH!!” she screamed as another, more powerful orgasm ripped through her. I unleashed three or four huge shots of cum all over her left nipple and then moved to her right nipple, drenching it in my love juice. “More!! More!! Give me your jis!!” she screamed. I couldn’t stop. I let loose with one of the biggest loads I have ever had. Her nipples and tits were covered in cum. 

As the last drops oozed out, she started to come down from her high. “Oh, my god. That was the most incredible sensation I’ve ever had. The feeling of your hot cum on my cold nipples was unbelievable,” she said, grabbing my cock and stroking it. I looked down at her, covered in my cum. It was so hot, I remained hard. 

“It did something for me, too,” I said with a smile.

“More? Do you really have more in there?” Tanya practically gasped with fire burning in her eyes. “I want it in my mouth. I’ve got to taste you. Please, cum for me, cum in my mouth and down my throat.” She pulled me up to her mouth and swallowed my shaft. Her warm lips engulfed my cock and she took me to my base. I could feel my swollen head at her throat.

She bobbed back and forth on my cock. She leaned her head back on the pillow and I moved above her and began fucking her mouth, by balls swinging against her chin. She reached behind me and fondled my balls, massaging another load from my sack. It did not take long. Her mouth was incredible. She sucked me and twirled her tongue all over the underside of my cock.

“Here I come,” I moaned, leaning my head back. She raised her head up and took my entire cock into her mouth as I began to shoot another enormous load. The first few shots went straight down her throat. Then she pulled back until only my cockhead was in her mouth. I continued to spew my jizz onto her waiting tongue, filling her mouth to the point it spilled out the side onto her chin. She swallowed my cum with abandon, before finally milking me for all I was worth.

I fell to the bed next to her, completely spent. 

“That was unbelievable,” she purred lying her head on my chest.

“What are neighbors for,” I smiled.