 Ever since my encounter with Janet in the 60's my love for tit action has never stopped. Janet had come over one afternoon and as a surprise for me had gone topless underneath her shirt. While Janet was just an average looking girl, being normal in height and weight, she took care of what she had. She dressed well, used makeup sparsely but effectively, and in general presented herself to the public quite well. Her best assets were her breasts which first got my attention in a music class we both attended at school.

As she slowly pulled her shirt up I saw her bare titties pop free and bounce in front of my face which immediately got me excited. Her nipples had already begun to harden in anticipation of what was going to happen.

"You're my man now and they're all for you. Do whatever you want to do with them," she said thrusting them out for me to see even better.

To expose her titties to me in my apartment was a first and I quickly was kneeling in front of her kneading those pear sized alabaster breasts. Squeezing them together and bringing the nipples closer together, I marveled at the thin delicate veins on the pure white globes.

I continued with knead, suck, and lick until her nipples were hard like small pebbles and she was moaning for more. I would squeeze them together so her cleavage was nothing more than a thin line and lick her nipples as fast as I could. I would pop one into my mouth, or as much of it as I could, and she would push it into my mouth even more. As I switched to her other breast I could hear her making a gurgling sound and moaning for me not to stop. After a few minutes her alabaster breasts had a pink color to them from my attention. With her shirt off she arched her back and the pear shaped titties looked even more inviting. 

We had made out at a drive-in and I had felt her up but it was dark and I really couldn't see much. Janet knew nothing about tittyfucking but after a1/2 hour or so of excitement she was ready to have her boobs fucked and covered in cum which was my next step.

"Do you like my breasts?" She asked."Are they the best ones you've ever had? I've never let anyone see my tits and do what you did to my titties. I really liked all of the attention you gave them. I never knew I could get so horny that way."

"I haven't even gotten warmed up yet," I replied. "There are things I read and saw in a magazine that I want to do. Janet, being curious, asked for the magazine and I proceeded to show her someone that was getting tit fucked and she just smiled. "I've never done that," she said, "but if want to do that to my tits and spray me with cum I'll let you."

"We'll need some oil which I have in the bathroom. Are you game?" "I said you could do whatever you wanted to them so I'm ready for more action," she responded

As she got up to get the oil I anticipated what was going to happen and I watched her melons bounce up and down. "I'll get the oil and rub it on your cock."

"And I want to rub it all over your titties. That will turn me on even more." 

I know we both got turned on by rubbing the oil on cock and tits as I couldn't wait to experience the feeling of my cock being surrounded by breast flesh. She arched her back as I applied the baby oil to her boobs; I made sure all of the breast flesh had the glistening oil on them. She enjoyed applying the oil to my cock making sure that the hard rod was ready. She lay on the couch and I sat on her stomach and my first breast fucking had begun.

Her pear shaped breasts were soft and fleshy enough for me to be able to squeeze them together and get the head of my cock covered so you couldn't see it. They were slippery with the oil but my cock stayed in-between. Then I started thrusting up and down just a little while I was looking at those hard nipples, white flesh, and the look of happiness on her face. I couldn't move too much as I was ready to explode now!

Over the sounds of her gurgling she said "I like this tittyfucking. It's making me horny. How many girls have you done this to?"

"You're the first one to let me Janet. It feels so good I'm going to want to fuck these every day." That titty talk was enough to make me explode as I pulled my cock away and first hit her under the chin giving her a nice pearl cum necklace, and then one stream of cum for each tit. As I watched I could see some of the cum beginning to drip off. Her titties covered with my cum mixed with the baby oil was a definite turn on. All the while I had two fingers in her pussy and made sure she came properly. It was an experience I never forgot.

Over the next couple of months she became an eager participant and we did it at least 40 more times. My technique greatly improved with ideas from Janet and experimenting. One time I put my cock underneath one of her tits, while she rubbed it back and forth until I came. Once I squeezed her titties together so tight her nipples touched while I slid my oiled manhood over the top her beautiful nipples as she kept telling me to keep fucking her titties until I came all over them. That was the day Janet was curious enough that she wanted to see exactly what I was doing and was greeted with a shot of cum on her face instead of her alabaster melons. Her tits were such a turn on it just made me spray with more force and she just seemed to love getting her titties covered with my sperm.

Janet quickly learned the language of titty talk. While I was fucking them she would say how much she liked it, how horny she got, how good the hard cock felt, and how warm the cum was. The more she talked the hornier I got and the better the cum. I never had to resort to a hand job from her or jack off myself. That beautiful breast flesh did the trick every time. 

I tried all different kinds of positions, including sliding my cock in and out of her mouth while I fucked the tits, a favorite of mine that was so good it made me cum way too soon. Oh I wanted to come in her mouth but I never did. I've laid on the floor while Janet would shake her titties back and forth on my erect cock until I came all over her. She would kneel in front of me while I sat on the couch and we would both watch the cockhead appear and disappear between her titties until it would squirt straight up in the air and plop on the top of her tits.I did become quite good at applying my cum all over her oil soaked mounds. After I was finished she would arch her back and pose for me letting me see my handiwork. I could time the climax perfectly, pull it out of her breasts and hose them down nicely. It was quite erotic to see the combination of cum and oil on her chest and always seemed to bring a smile of satisfaction to Janet's face knowing the effect her titties had on me. I'm sure I taught her a thing or two that she never forgot. Her tits were worshipped and it turned her on. Both Janet and I were satisfied sexually that fucking each other wasn't an issue. Janet was impressed with the way her boobs turned me on and encouraged whatever I wanted to try. We drifted apart but I never forgot my first experience with tittyfucking. I would use this experience when I made my film The Tit Fuck Contest. Before we get to the film we have to talk about Suzanne.