 After college and going out into the work force, getting a job, apartment and settling down, I began to collect magazines, books, and movies that had to do with tittyfucking. I would carefully look at the boxes from Diamond, Swedish Erotica, Golden Girls, and Pretty Girls to see if there was a cumshot on the breasts or tittyfucking. I had quite a collection which continued into the 80's when Kay Parker, Christy Canyon, Erica Boyer, and others perfected the art even more. Canyon would talk about it and make it even more inviting than her gorgeous melons. She wanted the cum on her tits and she let that be known. My obsession with tittyfucking grew.

The 80's brought Suzanne into my life for a brief but incredible encounter. One lunch hour I was photographing some of the people in a common meeting place outside a bank building in a patio area downtown and as I adjusted the aperture slightly to photograph a candid of this woman she threw her shoulders back and gave me a huge smile. I made the exposure and turned around and walked away when she said "When do I get to see the picture?"

"I have my own darkroom and develop my black and white so probably tomorrow," I responded

"I'm really interested in black and white photography too," she replied. "I'd love to see your darkroom sometime."

"It's four blocks away in an old office building. I get off at 6 PM so why don't you come by and we'll make a print of you if the negative is ok."

"I'm Suzanne and work at the phone company. I get off at 4:30 PM but I could go home and get my camera and you could show me a couple of things. It's a Canon AE1, not as nice as your Leica but I like the pictures it takes."

"Why don't you meet me in front of the office across the street at 6 and we'll walk the four blocks to the darkroom. It gets a little warm so make sure you dress in layers. I usually just wear a t-shirt. I'm Mike by the way and it's very nice to meet you."

At 6:15 I unlocked the door to the darkroom and Suzanne said "This is really nice Mike. I'm impressed."

Suzanne had taken off her cardigan sweater and was wearing a tight fitting gray shirt which showed her braless tits to nice advantage. They bounced slightly and her nipples were hard. Her face had been ravaged by acne over the years so she was not what you would call a looker. Her blue eyes were dull, hair a bit messy, but she had a nice figure even though she was a few pounds underweight. You've already figured out that if she has nice tits, which she did, she was ok by me.

"I'm shutting up completely to load the film in the tank. Why don't you turn off the light, stand there by the switch, and I'll tell you when to turn it back on."

The film loading went fine, she turned the light back on, and I began to develop the film. As I was inverting the tank I could see she was looking around.

"Do you do portraits up here? Isn't that a background?"

"I've done a few for friends Suzanne but nothing that brings in any money."

"Would you consider taking some shots of me?" she asked.

"Sure I could sometime."

I suddenly realized she saw the box of films on the floor underneath the enlarger with the projector. She walked over and whistled as she saw a couple of the covers. As she got closer there was nothing I could do because I was pouring out the developer and then putting in the stop bath.

"This Jacqueline has nice titties and a big one in her pussy. Does that make you horny?"

"Of course," I said. "Especially the end where she titty fucks him until he comes all over her boobs." I couldn't believe I had said that but oh well I did.

"Do men like that?"

"I can't speak for others but I sure do."

"Could I see the film?" she asked

"If you want when we finish with the print."

I was taken aback a little but just kept on working on getting the film done, washed and fixed so I could put the negative in the enlarger and make a print. When I turned the lights off leaving only the safelight on she came over to the enlarger and looked at her image on the easel. As I leaned over to look through the grain focuser to sharpen the image she leaned over seeing what she looked like.

"Can I see how that gizmo works?"

"Sure. I just picked a spot; now turn the knob till you can see the grain. Take a look."

As I moved out of the way she looked through and saw that I'd been focusing on one of her breasts.

"Why you naughty boy," she said, "I guess they were the center of attention in your photo."

"You arched your back so obviously you wanted a cheesecake shot and that's how it turned out, I replied. "Nothing wrong with looking."

About this time of night with everything closed up it began to get warm. A couple of beads of sweat dripped off of my face and I could see she was getting warm too as there were wet spots on her shirt.

"If you want me to open up the place it will cool off but no movie."

"I want to see what you're talking about in the movie, I'm curious."

"Your print is done if you want to see what you look like. I think it is a good photo."

She came over to the darkroom sink, looked at the print in the wash order, smiled and said, "I want to see Jacqueline now."

I finished the print, hung it up to dry, and proceeded to set the projector up. If you're familiar with loops there does some basic premise such as handyman and girl need help. As the girl is watching she flirts and the sex begins. Undressing, fondling, cock sucking, and fucking. As I said this one had the nice tittyfucking ending. We watched the undressing, pussy licking, cock sucking and fucking and then Ranger slid his cock in between her tits. 

"That is really cool but she has big beautiful tits and I don't."

While the film was still running Suzanne pulled her top off and shook her titties back and forth. The light was pretty dim but I could see a nice set. As she was showing off her love mounds Ranger was filling Lorains' cleavage with cum, signaling the end of the film.

"I told you they were too little."

"There almost a handful so there big enough to fuck," I replied. I turned off the rest of the movie and turned the light on to get a look and I wasn't disappointed. She had been in the sun in a bikini so her white breasts stood out from the rest of her tanned body. Her nipples were nickel size pale pink already erect from the excitement.

"Do you like them?" she asked arching her back slightly.

"There beautiful." I reached over and began kneading them like bread dough before it rises. "These are some nice titties Suzanne. Like two ready to eat ripe pears." With that my mouth was sucking her nipples. She held the bottom of her breasts and pushed it further in stuffing as much of the breast flesh as she could into my mouth. She would alternate back and forth almost like she was breastfeeding me. Well she was except there was no liquid. 

"Do you want to fuck my titties and cum all over me?"

"No, I replied. I want to squeeze, fondle, knead, lick, bite and then fuck your titties and cum."

With that I got up went to the cabinet above the sink and got out a small bottle of baby oil.

"Do you keep the oil here for all the girls' tits?"

"Only for the ones I want to have my way with," I replied. "And it has been awhile since I've done this."

As I carefully put the oil on her mounds and a little on my cock I felt myself growing even harder, too horny in fact.

She lay on the floor and I slid my cock between her oiled tits while I sat on her stomach. I squeezed her breasts together and she made sure the cock stayed in between.

"Damn it feels so good Suzanne. Your titties are perfect."

"Fuck my tits Mike. You're making me horny."

While they weren't close to D cups they were so soft and pliable that my cockhead had disappeared in her white breast flesh. As her nipples had become harder with the attention, I couldn't resist in pulling my cock out and I started sucking on them again, making her moans even louder. I couldn't get my fill of these beauties and I wanted it to go on for a long time but I knew I couldn't last much longer.

"Did you think this was going to happen to you when you came up here tonight," I asked. "Where do you want me to cum? Mouth, pussy, or tits."

"I want it on my tits. No one has ever cum on titties."

I couldn't wait too much longer either. I put my cock back between her tits and continued the slow sliding back and forth. She moaned again when I began rubbing my cock on her nipples which became even harder. 

"Don't stop fucking my tits. It feels so hot. I'm so horny you're going to make me cum too. It feels so good."

My hard cock had reached its limit and I let loose giving her a nice pearl necklace on her tanned neck. The second and third bursts filled her cleavage with the hot white semen as she screamed out in ecstasy. She cupped and rubbed the cum into her breasts enjoying the pleasure of being tittyfucked.

"The first strand is what they call a pearl necklace and you got a nice one. These beauties made me so horny I thought I would burst. The hornier I get the greater the distance the cum travels."

She seemed pleased to be soaked in my cum and was arching her back and shaking her boobs, showing them off to me. She got up and got her camera and asked me if I'd take a couple shots of her titties as a memento of the evening. I took a close-up of her breasts covered in cum as well as a standard shot of her from the waist up. I was going to take a couple more but I was at the end of the roll. I rewound the film, pulled it out of the camera and started to hand it to her when she said

"Develop it and we'll have something to look at next time."

I never saw her again. It was a one and done meeting. I wished I could have experienced it with her again and again. She could have been married and learned a new technique to try out on her husband.