 My tittyfucking obsession marched on and my collection of material grew. The occasional thoughts of doing a film about a tit fuck contest intrigued me. I had the money, learned what I liked, and didn't like, had what I thought was a new fresh idea, but really didn't know how to go about filming, distributing, legal contracts, and hiring of models. I knew I wanted a higher budget film with a real plot, a story board, several locations, and an original soundtrack with an orchestra, and good dialogue. Did I need a lawyer? Would an ad in the paper work? Did I dare ask certain women I knew or would I risk the end of whatever level of relationship we had? These were all questions which needed to be answered and more. 

Casey was perfect beyond description, breasts more than a handful, cleavage tanned and freckled that revealed, teased, and made me want to explore. Tall with sorry brown eyes, light brown hair, and I would guess that she was in her late thirties. I always wondered why the divorce. But Casey was definitely shy and I doubted a yes from the beginning. I would have to ask her over for a little wine and see where it would take me. She had asked me about the photography I did and seemed sincere. Anne was anything but shy and while I had little doubt she would cooperate with whatever I wanted, I questioned if she was attractive enough. She was a redhead with the pure white skin, blue eyes, but she was overweight. Her perky upbeat personality and a nice set of tits were major assets. We had talked and drank coffee on numerous occasions at the local coffee shop but it had never gone any further. I decided to call Casey. 

"Casey, this is Mike. I was wondering if you'd be interested in seeing some of my photography with a glass of wine."

"Mike I can't," she replied. "At least not tonight. But I appreciate the offer and I promise I'll call you soon and let you know when I can. Anything else going on in your life of interest?" 

"I'm thinking about doing a film."

"Really? What about?"

"We can talk about it when we get together," I replied. "Should I call in a few days?"

"Please," she said with a measure of assertiveness. "I do want to see your photos and talk to you. Sometimes my girlfriends are too helpful and chatty. You seem to be a good listener."

"Call you then," and hung up. All I could think about was maybe I would get my hands on those beautiful tits. Anne was next to call.

"Anne, this is Mike. I was wondering if you'd be interested in seeing some of my photography with a glass of wine."

"You sure as hell took long enough to ask me," she replied. "I was beginning to think you didn't like me. What time?"

"Seven or so"

"I'll be there. You're at 1220 7th?"

"Good memory. I only think you were at the house once for just coffee after the city council meeting."

"See you at 7, goodbye." While I lusted for Casey's titties Anne could prove to be interesting.

I had no sooner gotten off the phone with Anne when Casey called me back.

"Can a woman have second thoughts and change her mind?"

"Stay close to the phone and I'll call you back in 10 minutes."

What the hell do I do now I thought? Through no fault of my own I've created a mess. Here is a golden opportunity to have a chance at getting my hands on Casey's melons and hopefully more. But Anne has already agreed to come over and she won't take a change of plans well at all. I'll call Anne and tell her something came up and we can't do it tonight, and then call Casey back.

"Anne, this is Mike again. Something came up work related and I can't see you tonight. Would you take a rain check for tomorrow night if I promise to buy a good bottle of Chablis?"

"No problem Mike. I always have stuff to do. Call me tomorrow."

That was easy, I thought as I quickly picked up the phone to call back.

"Casey, this is Mike again. I'll see you at 7PM. You want me to pick you up or do you want to walk over. I'm at 1220 7th."

"I'll come by but chill the wine."

"See you at 7."

7PM came and I had chilled the wine and gotten 20 or so of my favorite prints out and on the coffee table. I decided to put the print of Suzanne with her titties covered in cum in the selection as a lead-in to the film and who knows. I impatiently waited until 7:15 when there was a knock and entrance of Casey. She was casually dressed in a gray workout suit which definitely hid whatever curves she had. She had her hair pinned up and hadn't bothered with any makeup. She certainly wasn't attempting to make any impression with me at all. I poured her a glass a wine and handed her the stack of prints which she started to go through. As I sipped my Manhattan I could see some facial expressions as she looked at the scenic shots. The picture of Annette was a great portrait I had done with soft focus, a nice background, and my 85mmf1.4 lens. The next shot got her attention. It was a shot of Lynn revealing a lot of cleavage as her folded arms covered her naked breasts.

"I didn't know Michael that you did nudies. This girl is certainly well endowed."

"She wanted a revealing picture for her boyfriend. I will say it was hard to concentrate on the composition and not her big tits."

Casey continued and saw the picture of Suzanne. I watched the expression on her face and I thought I could see a small smile and a little twinkle in her eye.

"Is that what I think is on her chest," she asked. "I must admit it is sexy looking."

"It is," I replied, "And I admit it was a pleasurable time for me. She asked for a picture but never came back for it. I must say that her tits were a lot of fun."

"Certainly nothing my ex was ever interested in," she replied. "I encouraged him several times with my tits, explaining I got really turned on by the sucking and kneading but he ignored me for the most part."

"Oh really," I replied.

"His favorite sex was suck my cock and let me cum in your mouth. And it wasn't just me but any female he could."

I moved closer to her and slowly cupped one of her tits and gently squeezed. I could tell she felt uncomfortable but didn't push my hand away. This seemed to be the time to make a move.

"I'm a tit man and I've noticed your set many times. You feel nice."

"Mike we shouldn't. I'm afraid of sex." With that she pushed my hand off of her tit.

" I'm sorry you feel like you do about sex but it is such a waste," I emphatically stated.

"How so?" she asked

"Titties like yours are made to be worshipped. I certainly wouldn't ignore them. Could I just see them?"

"I'm not sucking or fucking you, but if you want to have a look go ahead. I wanted to be comfortable so I'm topless."

I pulled her workout top up, pushed it until it was underneath her neck and watched her gorgeous titties wiggle and come to rest on her chest. Yes they sagged a little but it certainly didn't take away from their beauty. These were ripe and ready to be eaten slowly. I couldn't resist in getting more than a handful of that pure white flesh in my hands. Her nipples were just as I liked them pink and hard almost instantly. My touch produced a small moan of delight

"I have to suck on these and then I promise to stop."

She gurgled and moaned as my mouth went to her nipples sucking and biting while my hands kneaded them. I licked her cleavage and could taste the salt from her sweat. The pure white against the tan made them seem even larger than they were and I just marveled at their sheer beauty. These were the size of grapefruit and by far the largest pair of tits I'd ever felt in my life.

"Your husband was a damn fool Casey. I would have lusted for these every night."

"Bite them harder," she asked.

I obliged and sunk my teeth hard into first one nipple and then the other going back and forth all the while kneading the breast flesh harder and harder. I was getting uncomfortable from being so hard with no release. I wanted to give her a pearl necklace but was afraid to try at this point. I guided her hand down to my rod and she seemed to understand, at least I thought so.

"I'm not fucking you," as she pulled away from me. "I'm horny as hell from your kneading and biting but you're going to have to be content."

Could I do what I did to Suzanne to you," I asked. "You know, I put my cock in your cleavage and come. I need to come. You kneel on the floor in front of me and I'll sit on the couch. I'm so horny it will be done in a minute. I'll go and get the oil from the bathroom."

I immediately jumped up and came back with the oil before she even had a chance to think. I quickly squirted a little on the top of her breasts and proceeded to slowly rub it in starting the kneading process all over again which produced another moan from her. The oil now glistened on her magnificent set as I slid my cock in-between and we both watched the cockhead appear and disappear in her cleavage. They were firm yet they felt so soft to my cock I couldn't hold back anymore and knew I was going to cum. 

"I'm going to come all over your beautiful titties, Casey. These are the best I've ever fucked in my life."

"Fuck my titties more Mike. Fuck them until you soak them with cum."

I couldn't last anymore and let loose with a strand of cum that shot straight up in the air and landed on the freckled tan part of her breasts. The rest of the cum stayed in her tight cleavage and mixed with the baby oil to some degree. Casey smiled at the power her tits had over me. I proceeded to rub my cock back and forth like a paint brush making sure the cum covered her breasts and nipples.

"You're some tittyfucker Mike. I never knew that I could use these for fucking. I'm glad you like my titties so much. You really came a lot on me. Did I make you that horny?"

"You sure did. I might just make you an interesting offer you can't refuse."

"What's that Mike?"

"How about a picture so I can compare it with the one I took of Suzanne?"

Before she had a chance to respond I was up, went to my top dresser drawer and pulled out the still well functioning Leica camera.

"Who had better tits?" she asked

"There is certainly more cum on your lush pair."

"They make you that hot?"

"Let me enjoy the scenery. Arch your back a little and tell me how hot I'm going to get the next time I fuck your tits. I want a fond memory of this."

"These titties are all for you Mike" as she arched her back and pushed the love mounds out from her chest. You can do whatever you want to them anytime you want. I loved everything you did to me tonight. Next time you can fuck me before you explode on my titties."

"As I said before your husband was a fool for not taking advantage of those grapefruit beauties."

We said goodnight but both of us were thinking of what transpired. Casey thinking she had begun to come out of her shell and me for thinking about a starring role for her. Men would love to see her titty fucked. What a turn on. It would almost make me jealous to see another man have his way with her gorgeous titties. As I was drifting off to sleep the phone rang and....