 We've just had our Christmas drinks party at work, and it has been memorable… to say the least!

Rebecca who works in IT – with whom I had found an enjoyable way to settle an argument – was there, and she looked stunning.

She came into the bar wearing a pair of black jeans over some stiletto boots, and under her coat she wore a very tight red top that laced up the front, exaggerating her gorgeous cleavage.

We had all had a few drinks, and by 10.30 most people were reeling with alcohol, all at the company's expense!

I can't actually remember how it happened, but Rebecca and I found ourselves alone, sitting opposite each other in one of the more secluded seating booths in the pub.

"I have to admit that you do look stunning tonight" I whispered.

She smiled "I was hoping that it was me that was having an effect…." I then felt the tip of one of her boots run the length of my cock, which was growing harder under my trousers.

She raised her glass "Here's to the most rampant screw I've ever had!" she whispered.

"I'll drink to that" I responded "and to more arguments in the board room!"

Rebecca winked, and she moved around the booth to sit closer to me.

We both watched our colleagues getting more and more drunk, and making complete arses of themselves. It did raise the odd laugh, and we both agreed that now would be a superb time to have a video camera.

I felt Rebecca's hand on my left leg, and she stroked gently as we both stared, entranced at our workmates making fools of themselves. I got slightly distracted though when Beccy moved her hand up to my groin and without further ado, proceeded to unbutton my flies.

Her had slid gently into my trousers, and I felt her sharp fingernails rake softly through my pubes, before her slender fingers closed around the base of my, now, throbbing shaft.

"So, what say you try & split me in half with this thing again?" she whispered sexy.

"What, here on the table?" I quizzed

"No; that's a little too public… but there's a nice corridor out the back." She whispered, squeezing the base of my cock tightly.

"Are you talking about the pub's back corridor, or yours?!" I teased.

She smiled and raised an eyebrow "Now that could be a nice boast … I've been taken in two back passages at the same time!!" thoughts were racing through her mind, and I could see a twinkle in her eye.

"I was actually kidding!" but she stopped me, and she tightened her grip on my cock yet more.

"I've never known a bloke to not like the idea of butt fucking a woman, why would you be any different" she quizzed, teasingly "and I do actually like it."

I was so turned on that I was worried I might explode in her tight grip there and then.

She smiled again "Come on; let's go celebrate Christmas!" she winked, and then slowly did my flies back up.

She led the way, and I followed behind her, slipping casually through our melee of colleagues, and going completely unnoticed.

As the door to the corridor closed behind us, the noise level dropped considerably. Beccy led me just round the corner, so we couldn't be seen by anyone looking through the window in the door.

She pushed me up against the wall, and we kissed, slowly and passionately. Her fingers, trembling, fumbled with my flies once more, and she opened my trousers up. 

"Hmm no underwear… I like your style" she whispered huskily

I reached down and undid the zip to her jeans, and slid them down just past her bottom. Beccy gasped as the cool air invaded her intimate areas.

"Hmm – thong… I like your style too!" I replied.

Beccy smiled and sniggered. She stood on tip toes, and guided my cock between her legs, allowing my glistening glans to probe at her scantily clad orifice. She moved her hips gently making my cock probe hard at her cunt. The atmosphere was electric, and we were both being driven completely by our animal instincts.

Beccy then turned around slowly, looking over her shoulder at me, before she slowly bent over, sliding her thong down her legs. I spread my legs slightly and she reversed towards me, reaching behind her trying to locate my solid cock.

I was positively aching, my throbbing cock swollen to it's peak ready to penetrate deep into this sexy woman. As her hands located it, and closed around it, I closed my eyes in blissful anticipation.

"Let's get you wet.." she whispered, and I looked down to watch my cock touch her swollen and moist labia. Beccy sighed, and rocked backwards towards me. I watched as her lips spread, allowing my cock's tip to slip into her, and she groaned softly as her pussy expanded, allowing my member to enter her.

She rocked her pelvis, my cock moving in and out of her, and then she moved forward, allowing me to slip, soaking, from inside her.

"I had almost forgotten how good you felt inside me" she whispered.

This time as she moved, she guided my swollen organ to her tight, wrinkled sphincter. 

I licked some saliva onto my fingers, and rubbed it around and into her tight hole, and then I put my hands on her waist.

She moved backwards slowly but surely, forcing the tip of my cock to part her, and begin to enter her.

She started to breath rapidly, almost gasping for breath, when in one smooth movement she pushed backwards towards me, and my cock slid deep into her.

She rocked for a moment on her heels, and then sighed "Shit, you're bigger than I remember" Beccy then groaned softly "That really does feel fucking incredible".

I started to move her to and from me, my hands holding her slim waist firmly, and I watched as my cock slid to and fro from her gorgeous butt.

Slowly Beccy stood up, and I changed my motion, doing most of it with my legs. I kept fucking her, as I let the animal instincts take over and drive my cock home more vigorously with every thrust.

Beccy groaned as quietly as she could, so as not to arouse suspicions, and she held my right hand.

As I fucked her, she guided my hand downwards and onto her perfectly smooth mound. My fingertips found and focussed on her rigid clitoris. I'd never felt one this hard, and as I touched it, she wobbled on her heels, barely able to stand up.

"Fucking hell Jim" she whispered "I'm …. I'm.. fuck..ing hell … Jim I'm cumming!!" Beccy shuddered and bucked wildly as the orgasm tore through her body, and it took a lot of my strength to stop her from falling over.

As she slowly came off the peak, and calmed back down, she turned slightly and looked over her shoulder.

She smiled a very sexy smile and winked "Now, I want you to fuck me, pound me, and bugger me as hard as you can. All I want is to feel is your cum filling me, and you losing control" She smiled again, and bent over sexily, with my cock still embedded in her arse.

I set to. With my hands gripping her waist tightly, I screwed her as hard and fast as I could, my balls slapping against her pussy with every thrust, and my hips slapping against her firm buttocks.

It didn't take long; what with my aroused state, and the fact that we could be caught at any moment. I felt the sensation between my legs growing, and in moments my cock expanded yet more, deep inside Beccy, and I jolted. My balls contracted, and I injected my thick seed deep into her arse.

I then felt Beccy shudder once more, her sphincter pulsating round my cock as another orgasm coursed through her body.

She immediately slipped off my cock and as she turned around to face me, she pulled her thong and jeans back up.

Gasping for breath, and very flushed, she kissed me.

"What say we call it a night here, and you come back to my place?" she whispered.

I pulled up my trousers, and smiled.

"That sounds like a proposition" I said.

"Let's just say that I want to wake up tomorrow morning, half asleep, and sore from you fucking me all night long.."

With that we beat a hasty retreat, and leapt into cab.

The rest of the evening is another story!