 To my surprise I received only one phone response to the advertisement in the newspaper. I returned the phone call and left a message but no reply. There was plenty of time I thought and stopped worrying about it almost immediately. The thought had no sooner left my mind and there was a knock on the door. Opening the door I was greeted by a very short and well stacked blonde with pixie hair, blue eyes and quite thin except for the big tits which I could clearly see through her thin blue tank top, which matched the color of her eyes. She was with a male friend who was also somewhat short but muscular dark hair, brown eyes, moustache and a warm friendly smile.

"I'm Scott and this is my girlfriend Jodie. We understand from Anne that you're looking for people to star in a movie and we came over to talk about it."

"Please come in and have a seat. I'm Mike. May I get you something to drink?" I asked. "I've got some chilled Chablis if you'd like."

"That sounds good to me Mike. Is that okay with you Jodie?"

"Wine is good. It will help relieve a little nervousness I have," she replied in a somewhat low throaty voice. "Anne told me that this was going to be a movie about tit fucking and I've never done that before and neither has Scott. We've only, you know, just fucked. I've never even taken him in my mouth."

"We're just a missionary couple," Scott replied as he took a swallow of the wine. "Anne said there could be a $1000 per day in this thing. We could sure use the money."

At first I was quite surprised but then my thoughts immediately turned to the large virgin melons Jodie had. A demonstration has to be in order. 

"If I demonstrated on Jodie's tits would either of you mind?" I asked. I stared right at her beautiful mounds and could see her nipples harden ever so slightly. "You might enjoy it Jodie and you'll learn a new technique Scott. In fact we could both fuck them."

I could see a blush on Jodie's face but also a small bulge in Scott's pants; the idea intrigued him. I motioned with my hands that she needed to pull her top off. Slowly she pulled her blue tank top up freeing her beautiful breasts for Scott and me to see. At first she let the tank top rest on the top of her white cleavage but in the next moment she pulled it over her head causing her tits to shake as she tossed it on the floor. I could see her looking over at both of us staring at the bulges she had produced in our pants. She seemed pleased at the effect she was having on us. Jodie was really quite thin as you could clearly see her rib cage, shoulder blade bones and a really thin flat stomach. If she weighed one hundred pounds I'd be surprised. 

That being said twenty pounds of her had to be in her magnificent melons. They were snow white with little or no sag the breasts were capped with pale pink nipples which had hardened even more into two small pebbles that looked like little pink pearls.

"Would these be good enough for your movie? She asked. I got up from my chair and went over and hefted one breast in each hand feeling the firmness and soft skin. Scott said nothing as I leaned over and took one of her rock hard nipples in my mouth tasting as I used my tongue to taste and explore it. I could hear a gurgling sound come from her as I continued to explore it with my tongue first and then biting into the firm breast flesh. As I switched to the other one she began to moan and rotate her hips in delight as I filled my mouth with the tasty treat.

Scott was also excited as his hand was at his cock making it larger and larger underneath his pants. My cock was quite turned on and ready for action on these virgin tits. Hard to believe that two people in their twenties hadn't explored this exciting form of fucking especially with lush pair of mounds Jodie had. 

Not wanting to wait anymore I dropped my pants and shorts, my cock springing into view. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Scott had done the same thing and was beginning to give himself a hand job. With the baby oil sitting next to the camera on the coffee table from the previous night I grabbed the bottle and proceeded to squeeze oil onto her breasts.

Jodie moaned with pleasure as I carefully kneaded the oil onto each pleasure mound making sure to cover every inch with the slippery lotion. The sexy breasts were even sexier and I couldn't wait to fuck them. By now Jodie's hand had gone to her love hole moving it back and forth getting her more and more excited. Scott was giving himself a hand job watching what was going on.

Grabbing each breast I proceeded to easily wrap them around my throbbing pole gasping as I felt the lush flesh surrounding it.

"Jodie, this is titty fucking and you have the proper equipment to excite a man to a climax in a very short period of time. Your titties are perfect for fucking. Look at the head of my cock going in and out of your cleavage and feel it is getting harder and harder." She looked and then looked into my eyes, a glazed look in her blue eyes like she had been drugged. She was enjoying this more than I imagined as she said "Fuck them for me. It feels so good. I like your cock between my titties."

"Would you like to give it a try Scott?" I asked

Jodie responded "Fuck my big tits Scott."

Scott quickly changed positions with me and did exactly the same thing I was doing to Jodie as she moaned in delight. I couldn't resist in snapping a couple of pictures of Scott fucking her oil covered melons. Jodie saw what I was doing but was too weak to say anything at all. I snapped another picture and then motioned to Scott to move over.

"Her titties are so huge we're each going to fuck one," I said. "Just do what I do."

I took my now hard fully erect cock and began to rub it back and forth on her erect nipple. I took her hand and placed it over my cock so that it pressed harder into her breast flesh and nipple. Scott watching what was going on proceeded to do the same and Jodie took her other hand and pressed it down on Scott's cock also.

"You're getting your tits fucked by both of us at the same time," I said as I could now feel her hand taking over and rubbing both of our cocks ever so slowly.

"I love your cocks on my tits. Don't stop now," she cried

Jodie was getting really turned on now from both of us. She was giving both of us hand jobs as she continued rubbing our cocks using her breasts and nipples to excite us more and more. What an unbelievable pair of tits on this woman and they were getting fucked for the first time. These snow white beauties glistened with the baby oil as she continued rubbing back and forth her moaning becoming louder and her pink nipples getting harder and harder. To add to the tension these were virgin making it all the more exciting. To further add to my excitement Jodie had now began to experiment a little more and had put our cocks underneath her titties using them to lift them up while rotating them at the same time. 

Jodie had one gorgeous rack and was really having her way with our enlarged cocks. Her virgin attitude was quickly turning professional as she slowly continued rotating her titties. The weight of each breast easily kept it underneath and surrounded it with nothing but breast flesh. 

"Are you boys going to cum all over my big beautiful titties? Are they going to get sprayed from your cocks? You're getting so hard I can't wait for you to cum. Look at how large and hard my nipples are now. You're getting me so excited I'm coming, I'm coming. Your making me so wet."

Scott was in heaven experiencing something for the first time and I could hear him moaning louder and louder getting closer and closer to coming. I was getting close myself but I pulled backed and began stroking myself taking careful aim. 

"Jodie, cup your titties and Scott and I will spray your mounds," I asked.

She cupped her melons and said "Cum all over my big titties guys. Soak me with your cum."

It didn't take long and I gave her one nice long rope that went from her neck down her cleavage to her hands. It was followed by a second and third shot that hit right above her hands and began to drip down toward her nipples. Scott was only seconds behind her hitting her on the chin and then her neck. I watched the cum drip from her chin and land on the top of her cleavage and the other rope slide down her neck onto her magnificent tits. As Scott stood and looked at what he did I couldn't resist in grabbing her tits and sliding my cock between her breasts letting the rest of my cum ooze from my cock into her tight cleavage. I completed the experience by using my tongue to lick the cum clean from her blood engorged nipples. Wow! I could fuck these beauties every day except for one thing. There was also Anne, Casey, and Suzanne.

I thought to myself what if I could just fuck and cum over and over and over and enjoy each pair.

I grabbed the camera took a quick step back and photographed her cum covered breasts. She smiled arched her back making her titties even more prominent and I took another shot of one the more beautiful pair I've ever photographed. I thought of the collage of shots I now had including Suzanne's sexy pair, Anne's award winning breasts, Casey's cum inducing love mounds, and now Jodie's jugs.

"Do you think I qualify?" Jody asked.

"I think your real good," I replied. Do you think you could handle getting them fucked by eight different guys?" I asked.

"I guess you guys really like this titty fucking. I'm sorry I didn't start doing this years ago," she said. "I had no idea what a turn on this has been for all of us."

"I'm sorry too," Scott said. "I could have blasted them hundreds of times already."

"I didn't know how much you liked my tits Scott. I guess your going to want to do this everyday from now on."

Jody was now ready to explore all of the different variations of the art of tit fucking. She not only had the equipment but would be a willing partner.

As Scott and Jodie left to go home I couldn't resist in taking one more photo. Jodie had put her blue tank top back on and some of the oil and cum had started to soak through into the material. Her nipples were still rock hard and looked like tiny little tits through the top. She really looked hot and I couldn't wait to fuck her again. Maybe I could teach her a thing or two about oral sex. While we're at it I certainly wouldn't mind her pussy either. After they left I collapsed on the couch in exhaustion too weak to go to my bed. 

As I laid there ready to sleep I thought this was going to be one incredible film. I'll have to have a contest to enter with the purchase of the film. The winner will win a trip to a remote island with all of the girls in the film as his prize. The promoter in me thought what a great idea. Some would buy more than one copy of the film just to get another chance at having his way with 16 beautiful breasts. He could come over and over and over. From what I could remember I don't think anyone had ever done this before. With that thought I fell asleep for another day.