 Only half awake I picked up the phone and with a cottonmouth growl answered "This is Mike."

"Mike this is Suzanne. You remember me. In the darkroom you gave me my first lesson in tittyfucking."

My brain was immediately jolted and I was wide awake. "I remember well. Always wondered why you never came back."

"I was involved in another relationship which kept me away. That is over with now and I'm back for another lesson and my picture. You didn't forget about that did you?"

"In fact I have it here. Nice sexy picture."

"I want to see it. When can I come over and see it?" she asked. I also want to thank you face to face for the valuable lesson. My titties are pretty powerful tools. Using them for fucking has taken me a long way."

"I'll see you tomorrow night. I haven't moved, I still live on 7th."

"I'll be there at 7PM. Chill the wine," she said as I heard the receiver click on the other end.

Needless to say my mind was certainly not on my work but wondering what my next move was going to be with Suzanne, Casey, and Anne. After some thought I decided that I would call Casey and tell her to come by. I'd sit down with the three of them, tell them the plot of the film and see what happens. I couldn't juggle three women around and the idea of offering them parts in the film intrigued me. It was time to take a sabbatical from work and get started on this film. I've talked about it long enough. I'd invite all three women over at the same time, put my cards on the table, and accept the results.

7PM came on 7th avenue and Anne was the first to arrive. Pixie auburn red hair, blue eyes, rather tall, she was dressed in sweats which hid her weight but still looked neatly attired. She gave a hug, a peck on the cheek, and asked "Where is the wine?"

"Fridge on the top shelf; glasses are in the cupboard directly above the fridge."

She no sooner got to the fridge and another knock on the door. This time it was Suzanne dressed in a revealing baby blue shirt and shorts. I say revealing because it was quite obvious she had no bra on. Over time she looked the same and when she saw Anne she said, "I'm Suzanne the other woman. Are we having a threesome tonight Mike? And here I thought you're all ready to give me another titty fuck lesson."

"What the hell is she talking about Mike?" Anne said in a rather loud angry voice.

"Oh didn't he tell you. Show her my picture Mike and she'll get the idea"

All I could think of was asking both of them to sit down and I would explain. 

"Why don't you pour Suzanne a glass of wine Anne and we'll all talk about this"

The third of the threesome arrived, Casey and as she entered the room I made a fist at Suzanne and indirectly to Anne. Casey was wearing a tight gray t-shirt with white shorts and no bra of course. Suzanne and Casey could have had a contest as to whose nipples protruded out further. Suzanne held her hands out from her own boobs and silently whistled.

"Casey this is Suzanne and Anne two friends of mine. I asked you all over to talk about the project I'm working on."

"Mike, where is my titty picture," Suzanne asked. "I want to show Anne and Casey."

"It's on the coffee table in that stack of pictures," I replied. "Wait I'll get it for you," I said, but I was too late as she uncovered a shot of Casey and her titties covered in cum.

"Wow," exclaimed Suzanne, "You sure have a nice pair of melons. Much nicer than the handful I've got on my chest. It looks like he had more cum for you than he did for me." She went through a couple more pictures and found the picture of her tits sprayed with cum. "My tits are still damn nice," as she looked at herself.

"How could you do this to me Mike? I thought this was only for you and not the world to see." The pout on her face let it be known she wasn't happy.

Anne was looking at the pictures and just gave a quiet wolf whistle. All I could do was think to myself that this blew up in my face.

"Casey please sit down and I'll explain to all of you. Please sit down."

"Ladies I've hinted to all of you that I wanted to make a film and I've decided that now is the time to get moving on it. The story is going to be a tit fuck contest. There will be 8 women, then 4, then 2 and finally a winner. I want all three of you to be in the contest and help me with the making of the picture. Suzanne I had no idea that I would ever see you again until you called last night. Anne I invited you over because I wanted to sample your big titties, something I've never done. You know how I feel Casey because you were here last night and I got to more than sample your beauties. Anyhow I'm sorry it worked out the way it did. If you all want to leave I wouldn't blame you at all. This was a bad idea."

All three girls looked at each other and there was some very quiet conversation I strained to hear but couldn't. There was a giggle from Anne, a smile from Suzanne, and a shoulder shrug from Casey. Then more conversation and then Suzanne spoke.

"We'll all do it but we want to have a contest right now. We each get 60 seconds with your cock in our tits. The first one to make you come wins. Since Anne hasn't had the pleasure of your cock she gets to start. I'll go second and Casey goes last."

I couldn't believe what I heard but as I was standing there I watched all three tops come off and I was staring at 6 beautiful breasts. Anne had a gorgeous pair of milky white mounds with hard red nipples and deep blue veins. They didn't sag as much as Casey's and could have been a little bit larger. Suzanne was definitely smaller but they still looked like two ripe pears waiting to be eaten. Her nipples were hard and ready to be eaten. The flesh was alabaster white against her tan body; I couldn't wait to sample them again. Casey was still fresh in mind and as I glanced over I could see her love mounds covered with cum with a smile of satisfaction on her face. Her nipples were like little pebbles ready to be sucked. How will I be able to hold back my love juice for three minutes or more?" 

"How about some baby oil for all of your titties? I get to apply it to get us all started."

When I returned from the bathroom they were all sitting on the couch waiting in anticipation. I started with Anne first because I had never felt her breasts before. Not only did she arch her back for me but she also unzipped my pants and whistled at the already erect rod she found, took some of the baby oil from her titties and rubbed it on my cock. Before I could say anything she had slid it into her mouth and took it all the way to the base making a gurgling sound as she did it. My hands gripped onto the slippery soft tits and squeezed while I pushed forward.

Suzanne said, "No fair Anne. We don't want him to cum yet." 

Anne reluctantly pulled away but said "I couldn't resist, sorry" I was ready now and I hadn't touched Casey or Suzanne who had arched there backs waiting for the oil to be applied. Suzanne moaned when I rubbed her mounds with oil and all I could think of was how good it felt before. As I applied the oil to Casey she knew that she had the best pair the way she showed them off and if I could make it to her love mounds the spraying would be done to her titties. I started with Anne and she grabbed one of her tits rested it on top of my cock and slid my cock over the other one and then rubbed them back and forth. Talk about feeling good! My cock was surrounded in the white breast flesh as she spoke titty talk to me. "I love getting my titties fucked. Do you like my titties Mike? Some night I'll have to come over and you can spend an hour just playing with them. Squeeze, suck, and fuck my titties for as long as you like. And then when you can't stand it you can hose me down and take a picture of my titties covered in cum."

Somehow the time expired and Anne pouting gave way to Suzanne who quickly popped the swollen cock in her mouth for a quick taste and proceeded to press her mounds between the red cockhead. "Does that feel good Mike? I remember the spraying you gave me. I know women who'd pay you to learn how to titty fuck. It feels so good on my breasts. Don't you like the feel of my flesh on your cock?" I wanted to cum but when I saw the sorry look in Casey's eyes I knew I had to wait. I again managed not to cum and Suzanne made room for Casey.

Casey wasted no time and immediately deep throated my manhood gurgling as she took it down. Wasting little time she pulled it out and squeezed her love mounds together with my cock in-between. "Remember I said that these titties are only for you, nobody else. You could fuck these everyday if you want. Would you like fuck these every day? I'd let you. You could fuck me, my big tits, and I'd suck on your cock. Sound good?"

With that I couldn't hold back any longer and let loose with a beautiful strand of white cum that went from the top of her cleavage to her neck. It felt so good that even though I thought about taking it out and spraying Suzanne and Anne with the cum that I had left I was paralyzed and just filled her cleavage with cum. Damn that felt so good. The thought of fucking these every day was just too much and I couldn't hold back any longer.

While Suzanne and Anne smiled, Casey couldn't help herself and said "Who has the best titties?"

Anne replied, "Only because you went last. If I had 10 more seconds it would have all gone down my throat and on my big tits." Suzanne took what cum was left on my cock and rubbed it back and forth on her erect nipples which felt great.

"We need 5 more girls and 8 guys. I want to sample the girls but I'll leave the guys up to you." Anne said, "It's only fair that I get him next girls. I want my titties fucked and sprayed. And then he has to take a picture of me too." I looked over at the pictures of Suzanne and Casey and just smiled. I'd seen movies of Christy Canyon, Tracey Adams, Trinity Loren, and Busty Belle with their tits covered in cum but Casey and Suzanne performed live in the flesh and it was so good I couldn't wait for more but my next date was with Anne and her wonderful pair. Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough.