 Another week, another town, and another hotel. My business keeps me traveling, but at least that provides me with endless opportunities for one-night stands and meaningless sex. I've met some interesting people on my travels, that's for sure.

Take this trip, for example. The hotel I'm in now is kind of small, and meagerly staffed. I called the number for room service, but it just rang and rang. So I figured I'd take a walk down to the restaurant and see what's up. There was just one bored looking hostess behind the counter. Bored, but was she ever hot! She was in her early thirties, I'd say, slender, and wearing the standard issue black slacks and crisp white dress blouse. The blouse was definitely well filled out by her ample breasts. I'm not particularly a boob man, but I could tell they were full and shapely inside her blouse. Her brown hair was long and loose, and she had a friendly, open face that smiled with every feature. Her wide, sparkling brown eyes, her full lips, her glowing skin all had a friendly look to them.

"Hi! Can I get some room service?" I asked her.

"Sure, what would you like?" She pushed a menu into my hands. I selected a chicken cheese quesadilla and French fries. She asked for my room number, and said she'd bring it up as soon as it was ready. I watched her boobs jiggle as she turned back towards the kitchen to place my order.

Back in my room, I did a little work on my report for the home office, but soon got bored with that. I popped over to Literotica.com to read some erotic fiction. You've got to love hotels with broadband access. I was in the middle of a Loving Wives story when there was a knock at the door. My dinner had arrived. It was the same chick.

"Dinner is served! Where would you like it?" she asked. She still had that perky smiling look, but a button or two on her blouse were now open and I could see a bit of pale skin peeking out.

"Oh, over on the bed is fine," I told her. She took the three steps to the bed and set down the tray, then turned around and handed me the check to sign. While I was jotting down a tip and my signature, her eyes fixed on my laptop screen.

"Is that Literotica?" she asked, spying the famous white and blue story screen layout.

"Umm, yeah, actually. It's one of my favorite sites. You know it?" Duh, if she hadn't, she wouldn't have recognized it.

"Oh, I've been known to check it out. Are you one of the authors?"

"No," I lied. "But I do have the occasional fantasies."

"Well......" Her smiling eyes flicked back and forth, and she licked her lips. "I get off work in a couple of hours. If you'd like, we could, ah, discuss some of our favorite stories. If you're interested, that is."

"Sounds good to me. I'm not going anywhere. I'll look forward to it."

She flashed me another smile and disappeared out the door. Shit, I thought. This is too easy! I decided to take a shower, just in case, then sat back down to read the rest of the story. It looked like I could afford to get good and horny tonight!

Several hours passed, and I had totally forgotten about the restaurant chick and her sweet, friendly smile and ample bosom. I had read four or five stories and gotten quite horny, but then I shut down the computer and turned on the TV to watch the news. I was half dozing when I was startled by another knock at the door. Of course, it was her.

"Still awake? I'm sorry it's so late," she said.

"No problem, come on in."

Her name was... well, let's just call her Melanie. She'd brought along a bottle of wine from the restaurant. No glasses, but that's okay. I was accustomed to drinking out of the cheap plastic cups that budget hotels provide. We sat on the edge of the bed and chatted over our wine "glasses." At first it was just small talk; where are you from, what movies do you like, that sort of stuff. But eventually we got around to talking about sex and our fantasies. It turned out that she had a fantasy that my laptop screen had prompted her to remember.

"You might think this is crazy, but... I've always wanted to be immortalized in a Literotica story," she said.

"Well, I've often thought I might write one, one of these day. If I ever have an experience worth writing about, that is." I wasn't quite ready to admit to her that I'd written a few. Let's see what she had in mind first.

"I used to have this boyfriend who had a total boob fetish," she said. With her set of knockers, I wasn't surprised, but I didn't say anything. She stared at the ground, apparently a bit embarrassed by the admission. "And I kind of got pretty good at letting him have his way with mine." She lifted her head and looked me in the eyes, suddenly determined to go through with her plan. "If you think you could write a story for me, I'd love to show you some of the techniques we developed." She blushed, despite her determination, and it was quite fetching. I felt a little sorry for her and the predicament she was putting herself in. But I also felt intrigued, not to mention that I was still quite horny.

I took mercy on her and tried to put her at ease. I refilled her wine cup and took her by the hand. "It's okay, Melanie," I said. "Just think of it as an interview for your first starring story on Literotica." I stood up, pulled her up with me, and gave her a tender hug. As I felt her large, soft jugs press against my chest, I also felt the tension in her muscles relax, and heard her emit a soft sigh, and then a light chuckle.

"You're sweet," she said, and gave me a quick kiss on the mouth. We looked in each others' eyes, and then repeated the kiss, with gusto this time. "Okay," she said, after several minutes of smooching. "But these techniques work best if we're both naked."

We began to disrobe, slowly and haltingly in her case, as she was still feeling a bit awkward. I didn't have much on, just a t-shirt and gym shorts, and I yanked them off in a hurry so she wouldn't feel embarrassed getting naked first. She unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her blouse, one by one. I watched the long thin V of white skin lengthen until it reached her navel. Then she unbuttoned her black pleated trousers and let them fall to the floor, followed by her black lacy panties. She kicked them to the side of the room along with her shoes. I stepped up, pressed my naked body against her, took her by the shoulders, and kissed her, gently but firmly. As her tongue responded to mine, my hands slipped her blouse off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor behind her.

She stood there in nothing but her bra, as our kissing became more passionate. I must admit, I'm a pretty good kisser, and as our tongues got to know each other, the entire exercise finally started becoming more erotic and less academic. I grabbed her buttocks as we kissed, and she reached back and unfastened the bra, finally letting it fall to the floor with her blouse. We stood there, naked, embracing, kissing passionately. I could feel her boobs against my chest, and they felt wonderful. The embarrassment had completely passed, and we were now just two fresh new lovers, exploring each others' bodies, and preparing to enter a world of bliss together.

As we kissed, I brought my hands up to her luscious breasts and played with them. They were truly magnificent; round and full, soft yet firm, and smooth to the touch. Her nipples were large and brown and crinkly, and surrounded by perfectly round beige areolas. I massaged her boobs firmly in my fists, tugging on the nipples between squeezes of her fleshy mounds. This brought a series of low moans from the back of her throat. I could see why she had been willing to indulge her boyfriend's fantasies to such an extent: she clearly had very sensitive breasts, and probably got off on the boob play as much as he had. I've known women who could cum from breast stimulation alone, and was beginning to suspect that Melanie was one of them. As I massaged and tweaked her jugs, her eyes glazed over and her kissing became more and more insistent, her tongue snaking its way down my throat and her hips grinding against mine. My cock was trapped against her flat tummy, already at full mast. After several moments, we broke off, each needing a rest and some deep breaths.

"All right, let's start with you standing against the wall," she said, remembering our little project. She knelt at my feet and took my stiff cock in her hand, guiding it into her cleavage. Although I thrilled at the first touch of her cool fingers on my erect and aching cock, I was still a bit disappointed. This was pretty standard stuff, familiar from a thousand porno videos. I found myself hoping that she and her boyfriend had been more creative than this. She leaned towards me, pressing her boobs against the sides of my cock with her hands, and snaked up and down from her knees. It felt lovely, I must admit, if not particularly groundbreaking. My visions of a great story for Literotica began to evaporate. But I couldn't complain as her soft globes of flesh engulfed my throbbing tool, and her lovely body was quite a treat for my eyes as well. She softly kissed the hairs of my belly and tongued my navel as she fucked my cock with her cleavage, and continued her low throaty moaning.

Then she started dipping lower and lower on her down-strokes, until her mouth reached the purple head of my cock. She pursed her lips, and gave it a gently suck on each cycle. At first, she only executed some short, tender, closed-lip kisses. But soon, she got trickier. She started giving a slight swirl on each cycle; one time clockwise, the next time counter-clockwise, sometimes with a back-and-forth motion, or a nip of the teeth, or a swipe with her tongue. The sensations were subtle, but always different. My cock was never allowed to anticipate what the next little kiss would bring, yet it always enjoyed the constant, rhythmic caressing of her soft milky cleavage at the same time.

Next, she shifted a bit, and squatted down lower onto her heels. Instead of pressing her boobs together with both hands, she cradled them in the crook of her left elbow, and wrapped them around my rapidly tightening nut sack. She resumed her up and down motion, but lower and with shorter strokes, and focused her boob massage totally on my nads. Her right hand gripped the head of my cock, and executed a continuous, back and forth twisting motion, as if my dickhead were a doorknob that she was eager to open. The combination of the gentle kneading on my scrotum and the continuous twisting and sliding on my glans was both intense and unique, and for the first time I was impressed at the innovation of her methods. I began to wonder where her ex-boyfriend was and if I should send him a thank you note.

She maintained this slow, excruciating, exquisite torture for several minutes, and I began to feel the juices rising in my loins. But she knew what she was doing, and felt it coming too. She slowed down, and then stopped, and just held me in position until the danger of coming too soon had passed. She looked up into my eyes, with an eager questioning look on her face.

"Oh yes, it's great!" I assured her. "I've never felt anything like this before." She gracefully rose to her feet and slid her arms around my neck. We kissed passionately again. I was really starting to like this woman. And her boobs, of course.

"Time for phase two," she said slyly, giving me a mischievous look, and led me by the hand to the bed. She let me lie there for a few minutes and gently caressed the hairs on my chest as I calmed down a bit. "We don't want you coming before you've experienced the full treatment, now do we?" she cooed. "We need that story to contain every chapter."

She had me lie flat on my back while she got on all fours, with her knees on the left side of my body and her hands on my right. This positioned her pendulous knockers so that they were dangling onto my chest, like two bursting water balloons. She slowly swung them back and forth, dangling them down to just the perfect level to brush against my flesh. She swung them left and right across me, up and down the length of my sternum, tickling me and teasing me. The feeling was subtle yet incredibly erotic. She inched her way to her right so that her lovely melons hung right in my face, and I greedily sucked them as they buffeted my mouth, chin, and cheeks. Then she inched her way back to her left, massaging my chest with her lovely boobs like some erotic car wash. Gradually she worked her way down my chest, down and around my belly, and toward my crotch and my once-again swelling cock. When her dangling hooters reached my tool, they bounced it around with such soft smothering pleasure that I involuntarily arched my back, attempting to fuck that wonderful cleavage. But she would have none of it; she continued her way down my body, giving the same buffing treatment to my balls and thighs. Eventually she worked her way back up my body, all the while executing delicate circles and figure-eights with her nipples all over my torso. When she got up to my face, she swung her open mouth to mine and kissed me again, with even more passion than before. Her breath was coming short and her cheeks were flushed. Clearly her breasts were responding to this erotic rubbing as strongly as were my genitals and other parts. Our kiss was hard, wet, and full of bite.

Eventually she pulled back. "Whew!" she said. "I'm getting warm! Are you?"

I glanced down at my raging hard-on. "Warm doesn't begin to describe it," I assured her. "You really know how to work that rack."

"You haven't seen anything yet," she joked. "Are you sure you don't want to stop to take some notes for your story?"

"Don't worry, this is all etched in my brain," I assured her. Still, part of me wished that I'd turned on the video recorder in my laptop. The brain only retains so much. Especially when most of the blood is elsewhere.

"Good. Now it's my turn to lie down," she said, and got on her back, with her lovely globes pointing at the ceiling, only slightly flopping over to either side. "You get on your knees and straddle my face."

I knee-walked down to her head, facing her feet, and she grabbed my hips to position me directly over her face, my dangling balls practically in her mouth. She placed my throbbing cock squarely into her cleavage again, and once again pressed her titties together with her hands. "Now fuck me!" she commanded, and I obeyed.

I began swinging back and forth from my hips, thrusting my straining tool between her beautiful melons, harder and harder. I wondered why she wanted me to attack her from above with my taint in her face, rather than from below, but I soon found out. As my cock enjoyed its warm, slick ride back and forth in her cleavage, her lips tugged at my scrotum and sucked my balls into her mouth. She rolled them back and forth with her tongue, and hummed a tune around them, sending vibrations of pleasure through my nads, my prostate, and my spine. Urged on, I fucked harder and harder into her cleavage, and found myself drooling my own lubrication into the pleasant valley of her boobs as she tea-bagged my dangling nut sack! My thrusts grew more and more frantic as I felt the soft fullness of her delicious knockers on my shaft, the warm wetness of her mouth on the folds of my scrotum, and the vibrations of her low moans penetrating my family jewels. My head began to swim from the combination of the effects, and I felt that swirling, fainting feeling that signals the body's entrance into the foothills of the mountain of orgasm.

But once again, she was the expert, and cut the proceedings short before I could release my seed. When my thighs began to tense, she grabbed my hips to halt my thrusts, and held me very still. I almost felt like pushing through to my orgasm against her wishes, but her teeth were close enough to my balls that I knew not to argue! I stopped, held my breath, and waited for the rising fire in my pelvis to subside.

"Good boy," she said. "I wasn't sure you were going to stop there. But I have a few more tricks that I want to be sure make it into our story." Oh, so it was our story now? Well, she deserves at least half the credit, maybe all of it!

"I am in your hands," I told her. "Or in your cleavage, more like it."

She smiled. "Time for another standing position. I think you'll like this one." Like I haven't liked the other ones? She had me stand in the middle of the room, and she knelt again, but this time just off to my right side, facing towards my left. This put her left boob directly in front of my crotch.

"I want you to fuck me under my breast," she said. She lifted up the voluptuous appendage and flopped it on top of my cock, trapping me between her boob and her ribcage. It felt warm, wet, and heavy, like a thick cotton comforter on a camping trip. I loved it. Involuntarily, I began swaying back and forth at the knees, thrusting in and out of her boob crease. "That's it," she said. "You've got the idea. Keep pumping, keep pumping...."

It was easy going. Standing mostly vertical, I could focus all my energy and attention on the sensations in my raging cock. The friction, the moisture, the heaviness, the warmth, and the softness. Her perky nipple poked and jabbed into the air in time with the thrusting of my manhood. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth was slightly parted, as she absorbed the sensations with her sensitive breast flesh.

But that was only the beginning of this position. Soon her right hand was in her cleavage, just where my cock head emerged on every stroke. She had filled her palm with saliva, and began giving me the doorknob treatment again, twisting and tweaking my purple helmet on each stroke. I was in heaven.

But even that wasn't the end of this phase. After a few moments of boob and hand pleasure, her left hand got into the act. She moistened up her index finger in her mouth, and then reached around behind me. Her finger worked its way gently between my butt cheeks, slowly and gently, but inexorably, reaching for my puckered butthole. Her progress was slow enough for me to realize exactly what was coming. As much as I anticipated it, and longed for it, I couldn't help but gasp when she finally reached my brown ring. Into it slipped her lubed up digit, deeper and deeper until two knuckles were buried inside me. Now each time I fucked forward, her right hand would twist my cock head, and each time I fucked backwards, her left hand would beckon in my anus. And all the while, her soft tit flesh was rubbing and caressing my slick shaft. Nirvana beckoned as the triple treat of sensual pleasures completely consumed my conscious mind and sent my soul wandering the cosmos in search of the perfect orgasm.

Once again, I would have been perfectly happy to ride out this position until I splattered the wall with several quarts of my built up cum. But once again, she denied me the release. She slowly started decreasing the pace, with shorter distance and longer duration in each stroke, until we were finally standing stock still, my cock under her boob, her finger up my butt, and my mouth hanging agape like a cocker spaniel on a hot day.

"Are you alright?" she asked. I must have looked ready to die.

"What shade of blue have my balls turned? This just gets better and better, sweetheart, but I have to get some release before I explode!"

"Don't worry. We're almost at the finish line. Just one more position, and this time I won't bring you down. I promise." Thank God! I wanted to come so badly I could almost taste the jism in my throat. "Back to the bed, and I'm on my back again. But this time, I want you to straddle my tummy."

She took her position on her back, and I got on my knees, one on each side of her ribcage. The javelin of my cock nestled in her cleavage, twitching with anticipation and oozing pre-cum. I fully expected her to grab her boobs and mash them into me once more, but she did not. Instead, she grabbed my buttocks with each of her hands.
