 Charlene loved to go to the bar on Wednesday. They had two for one-shots and with a beer, she got to feeling pretty good. While waiting for her gal friends she began talking to the man next to her.

"I'm Tom," he said as he held out his hand.

Tom looked her over and liked what he saw. She was short, a little stocky, with dark hair cute smile. She had a nice pair of breasts which she showed in her partially unbuttoned shirt. Nice cleavage and he could almost see her nipples.

"I'm Charlene," as she held her hand out and shook his.

Charlene looked Tom over and liked what she saw. He was tall, thin, blue eyes, gray hair, a nice bulge in his pants, and quiet spoken. He was sipping a vodka something.

Both of them went back to their drinks and peeked at each other while drinking. Tom took another hard long look at her breasts and he could feel his cock growing. Thinking to himself he thought of the nice time he could have with those melons of pleasure He thought to himself and then decided...

"You've got a nice pair, Charlene. How about showing me a little more."

Charlene was flattered but also taken aback by his request. She saw the bar was empty and decided...

"Why thank you, Tom," she said, "I like to show off my breasts."

Charlene unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it back over her shoulders revealing her nice titties for Tom to see. They sagged a little due to the weight of them but she had suckable nipples and lots of flesh to play with.

"What size are you?" Tom asked.

"40D," she replied sticking out her melons even more. She loved the attention and when Tom leaned over and grabbed a feel she didn't resist. When Tom started to suck on one of them she pushed the breast harder into his mouth and grabbed his hand and put it on her other nice melon. Tom began sucking and biting harder and Charlene became wrapped up in the situation and encouraged him more.

"Can I ask you a favor?" Tom asked. "Could I fuck these beauties. I get off titty fucking and your breasts are perfect for it."

"I've never done it before," Charlene said. "What do I have to do?"

Charlene was excited about what was coming down. She had an idea and was turned on by it. She didn't care who watched. Her pussy was wet.

"Get on your knees and I'll slide my cock in your cleavage," said Tom.

He pulled out a rather large cock and Charlene couldn't help but hold it and suck on it. God, it tasted good. She let Tom slide it in her cleavage and knew to hold her breasts together and he began sliding up and down her breast flesh. About the time he started 4 guys walked into the bar, getting a good look of what was going on.

"We want in on this man," said one of the guys.

Charlene was into this and just nodded as the guys dropped their pants and waited around for her to finish. Tom continued his titty fucking and Charlene was liking it. Tom was ready to cum and he did spurting rope after rope of cum on her pretty breasts. Tom no sooner finished and another took his place grinning at what he was doing. Charlene held her breasts tight while the cock slid back and forth getting harder and bigger.

The first guy grunted and shot his load on her breasts and nipples. She was now getting messy with cum. The next guy took his place and began fucking them while Charlene smiled looking at the cocks she was taking and the cum all over her. The next guy didn't last too long but he had more cum than the first two and painted her real good. The nipples were dripping cum now and there were ropes of sperm on her.

The next guy took his place and began titty-fucking her in earnest. Beautiful breasts made for fucking. He was in heaven fucking her breasts and he too came with ropes of cum painting them even more. While the last guy fucked her beauties four more guys walked in and the cum continued. There were a total of 12 and her breasts, face, and neck were covered in cum. Her eyes were sealed with semen. She took it all. When Tom suggested they go to the motel for more fun Charlene nodded. Her breasts were a sticky mess but never felt better.

Tom excused himself and went to the car for a little surprise for Charlene, a bottle of baby oil. He looked at her and smiled.

"For me," Charlene squealed with glee. "Rub it all in slowly."

"Lay on the bed breasts up," said Tom "I'm going to pay special attention to your breasts and pussy."

There was a knock on the door. Tom got up and went to the door and sure enough, it was the two guys. They stuck their heads in the door.

"I see that we are just in time. Let's fuck her in the ass. You take her mouth, Jack," Wade said.

"I changed my mind boys," Tom said. "We have a little thing going. She's mine and I say no. Want to go outside and fight about it."

Tom pushed the two outside the door, closed it and shoved Jack to the ground. He hit Wade with one punch, knocking him down. Jack got in one punch hitting him in the forehead. Tom hit Jack in the jaw breaking a tooth. 

"It ain't worth it Jack," said Wade. "She's nothing but a whore. We can do better at the bar."

"Don't come back," said Tom. "She's a lady, not a whore. Get your butts out of here."

Tom went in, slammed the door, locked it and sat on the bed next to Charlene. Charlene leaned up and kissed the bruise on his forehead.

"Will you be okay?"

"I heard what you said. How you stood up for me."

Charlene kissed him hard and deeply. Tom put his arms around her naked back and felt her breasts pressed on his chest. He kissed her again and grabbed the baby oil. Charlene laid back down while Tom poured the baby oil on her stomach, a healthy amount, and slowly rubbed it in. He started with her neck and shoulders and worked down to her pendulous breasts, beautiful ones with erect nipples aching for attention. 

Tom spent extra time on her breasts making sure they were completely covered with the baby oil. He shuttered at the touch of the breast flesh. He wanted to fuck them again but knew she wanted to ride his cock, driving the hot semen deep in her pussy. For now, he was going to enjoy rubbing the oil on her delicate skin. She had tan lines that went into her breasts making the alabaster mounds stick out even more. Tom wondered would she tan topless for me?

Tom worked the oil into her tummy and then put more in his hand and massaged her pussy outside. He did her legs, feet, and toes. He turned her over and did her other side spending extra time on her beautiful ass. He rubbed her ass cheeks, back, shoulders, and neck. She groaned as he rubbed her neck. He undressed and showed his erect rod to Charlene.

"Sit on it baby," Tom said. "Fuck it nice and slow. Ride my cock baby."

"Yes sir," she said kiddingly.

Charlene slowly slid herself down on the love rod inch by inch. She leaned forward so Tom could grab her breasts and nipples which he lovingly pulled on making them more erect and making Charlene gasp in excitement. By now she had taken all 7" of his cock and began to go up and down on it

Tom could feel he pussy juice on his cock and how it was easier to slide in and out. He loved the feeling of her pussy and could fuck her every day. Why her husband cheated on her was a mystery. This was one hot woman who loved to fuck. She was riding Tom's cock like she was in heaven. She moaned softly feeling her swollen clit and trying to take it in even deeper which Tom loved.

Charlene was his fuck toy and could have her whenever he wanted. He could smell her musky odor and wanted to eat her but Tom wasn't moving. He was going to fill her full of cum till it dripped out of her and she screamed from orgasms.

Charlene rode that cock like it was her last fuck and ground into Tom more and more. Charlene wanted it to last all night it felt that good, ecstasy is the word that comes to mind.

Tom never wanted it to end either. He loved fucking Charlene. He wanted to every time he got a hard-on. He wanted to fuck her big tits and cum on them, fuck her mouth and fill it full of cum. Now it was her pussy until it was sore. He pulled on her nipples and then squeezed in the breast flesh, filling his hands. God, she had beautiful breasts. He could play with them all night sucking and squeezing.

"Fuck my brains out," Charlene cried. "Fuck me, Fuck me."

"Cum for me baby," Tom said. "Cum over and over."

Tom pushed harder feeling pussy on the tip. He tried to hold back a little bit longer making sure she came for him. Charlene quickened her pace sliding up and down on the wet pole. Her pussy was so wet now it leaked pussy fluid. 

"I'm coming I'm coming to Tom" 

"Pull my nipples hard."

Tom pulled on her nipples and she screamed with pleasure as her orgasm lasted for 15 seconds. Tom couldn't hold out any longer and pumped stream after stream of cum into her wet pussy relieving the tension. It was a good fuck and both Tom and Charlene were satisfied for now. The night was young and he wanted to take a shower with Charlene. They were both sweaty and taking a shower with her would be a lot of fun.

Into the shower, they went armed with body soap. Tom went first and he immediately went to her big breasts and poured body soap on the top of her breasts and lathered with his hands covering every inch of breast flesh. He got down on his knees and sucked on her nipples making her horny with pleasure. She loved the nipple attention and Tom was doing a good job at it. Charlene didn't want him to stop and pushed one of her breasts hard into his mouth. Tom tongued the nipple and bit it with his front teeth. He switched to the other nipple and did the same.

Tom soaped up her pussy now damp again from the nipple play, finished soaping her pussy lips and he stuck his tongue in and began licking his cum, her pussy juice and making her clit wild with passion. He was going to take good care of her for a fuck after fuck. 

Charlene was in heaven having her pussy done the way Tom was doing her. As he stopped Charlene took over and soaped down Tom playing with his nipples rubbing his chest and shoulders. When it came to his cock she poured body soap on it and rubbed it while rotating the shaft. She got on her knees and took the now hardened shaft into her mouth. She took it down her throat and slurped and filled it with her saliva. She was enjoying pleasing him. She loved his cock and what it did for her.

As much as Tom was enjoying himself he pulled it out of her mouth, got her on her knees, the water running off her back and took her from behind, shoving his engorged cock long and deep into her pussy. He slid in and out without effort and she screamed with passion.

Tom went in and out holding onto her ass cheeks and fucking her back and forth back and forth getting his cock in deeper and deeper. She squealed with delight. Her hanging breasts were flopping back and forth. Tom wanted to squeeze them but he couldn't reach them. 

Tom continued his fucking and Charlene now sopping wet began to scream.

"I'm coming for you, Tom."

"Make my cock wet with your juices, cum all over it."

Charlene came about the same time as Tom. She came and Tom unloaded ropes of cum into her pussy. Charlene got up and rinsed her dripping wet pussy off.

"You love to fuck me don't you?"

"Sure do honey. Get into bed," as he slapped her ass lovingly.

After drying off they got into bed, cuddled and went to sleep.

***

About 3 am Tom heard a noise like someone was trying to get in. He got up quickly awakening Charlene. He slipped his shorts on and went to the door. He could hear it was Wade and Jack by their voices. Charlene hovered on the bed.

"Don't let them hurt me," she cried, "They'll rape me."

"Don't worry baby, I'll protect you."

Tom opened the door quickly and hit Jack who had a big wrench in his hand. As Jack was falling he grabbed the wrench and went after Wade who hit Tom with a blow to the jaw knocking him down. He went into the motel room to claim his prize. He pulled the covers off and looked at her nude body.

"I'm gonna have fun with those titties," Wade said.

Charlene covered herself up and screamed as loud as she could. Tom in the meantime got up and hit Wade on the head with the wrench knocking Wade down and out. 

"I'm gonna get the motel manager.," Tom said. "Are you okay?"

"Scared but you saved me again."

Tom dragged Wade out next to Jack who was out of it and went for the motel manager who called the police. The police arrived quickly took one look at the two and put them in the squad car. 

"They have a record of trouble makers. You okay?"

"It loosened a tooth and the jaw will be sore," said Tom.

"Call the paramedics Ralph. Your gonna be checked out."

"Can my girlfriend ride with me?" said Tom.

"Sure she can," said Ralph.

Ralph went to the room and got Charlene, who had gotten dressed, and was ready to go. She ran to the van and lovingly cupped his head.

"This is my fault," said Charlene. "If I hadn't been there it would have never happened. I should have agreed to fuck them."

"No way this is your fault," Tom said. 

The paramedics drove quickly to the hospital using the lights. Tom was quickly put in an emergency room and a doctor was there in a few minutes. He looked at his jaw and loose tooth and decided to admit him. Charlene was now scared that something was wrong with him. What seemed like hours was only a few minutes as the hospital wasn't that busy. Charlene wanted to stay refused to leave Tom. 

***

The doctor and nurse where in his room and another examination was made. Xrays were taken, blood is drawn, and antibiotics are given. It was determined that an operation was necessary on his jaw. It had been fractured and required surgery to repair it. It would be done tomorrow. For now, rest was the order of the day. Charlene curled up on the chair and said she would leave in a little while.

As the nurse left with the doctor they closed the door and Charlene made her move to Tom's bed. She got under the covers and snuggled up to him. She held him close her breasts pressing firmly against him.

"Don't say anything darling. I'm here for you."

"I'm sore but okay," Tom said, "Good to have you here with me Charlene."

Tom's hand went to his favorite part of Charlene, her big breasts. She didn't have a bra on so it was really easy to slip his hands underneath her blouse and feel the real breast flesh. Her nipples were hard and he pulled on the nipples to make them more erect. She was getting horny again and began to squirm to his touch. He stepped up his action kneading the breasts hard and Charlene moaned even more.

"Play with the nipples more. Bite them, bite them hard."

"It's turning me on to do this Charlene. They taste so good I could go on all night."

Her breasts were so beautiful. White gourds with pretty brown nipples that were so sensitive to the touch, especially the mouth. He sucked on them like a baby-making them harder and harder until Charlene screamed in ecstasy and had her first orgasm of many she would have tonight. He continued his assault on her breasts kneading them like bread dough and biting hard on the nipples.

He put his hand in her shorts and felt her pussy which was already wet and ready for more action. He felt the outer lips rubbing them tenderly before attacking the inner lips and pretty soon the clitoris which was very sensitive to the touch. He felt the pea-shaped clitoris grow and become swollen to the touch.

"Play with my clit babe. Make me feel like a woman," Charlene said.

Tom was afraid to move his face for fear of hurting it. But his hand was good, cock fine, and he was in the mood to fuck her again. He moved the gown out of the way, slipped her shorts and panties off and slid his cock into her slowly. Tonight it was going to be missionary position, no cowgirl riding or taking her from behind. Just a good old fashion fucking.

"Fuck me, darling. Fuck me hard," she said.

Tom slid his throbbing cock in and out making her feel good. He thrust it in further and deeper into her pussy. Charlene was grinding and bucking to feel even better. Her pussy was now very wet and Tom's cock slid in and out easily. He established a steady in and out motion making Charlene breath heavy at the anticipation of having another orgasm.

She didn't have to wait long because Tom was hitting the right spot and she was creaming in her pussy and had her second orgasm. She groaned with pleasure. Tom continued his thrusting as he was not ready to cum. He was enjoying the feel of her pussy wet and soft. He continued and she began to respond again to his hard cock. Tom wanted to fuck her over and over until he came deep into her pussy.

Charlene screamed and came a third time this one harder than the previous two. Charlene was so happy and satisfied. Tom had still not yet come. Charlene pulled his cock out, got down on the floor and put Tom's cock in her mouth. She slid the pussy juice covered cock back and forth in her mouth in a fluid motion. She could taste the precum leaking out of his cockhead as she took it deeper and deeper. She licked the precum off the head and continued bobbing up and down moving in a fluid motion.

Tom was beginning to stir. The sucking of Charlene was having its effect on Tom. He grunted

"I'm coming I'm coming in your mouth."

Charlene took a mouth full of cum and swallowed the salty sperm down like she had done it a thousand times before. Somehow this time was really special for her and she smiled with pleasure. Tom was very satisfied with what Charlene had just done. They fell asleep in each other's arms for a little while until the nurse made her rounds and came in.

"What are you doing in the bed with this patient?" she said, "He needs to rest for later today."

Charlene got up and quietly got dressed and went back to her chair.

"I'm staying with him," she said.

"On the chair and not in his bed," said the nurse.

They behaved for the rest of the night. The nurse came in but they were both sound asleep so she left them alone. They came to prep him for the operation and wheeled him off. Charlene had to wait for him in the lounge. She waited and waited and waited for a long time. Finally, the doctor came out, shook his head.

"I did what I could for him," said the doctor, "The rest is up to nature."

***