 She was the firstperson I noticed when I entered the dimly lit road side bar. And with her looks it would be hard for any person to not notice her first. Long honey blonde hair, baby blue eyes, and a pair of well proportioned breast that looked quite well under the tight pink baby doll top she wore. Being behind the bar I could not see her lower extremities but I was sure they were as breathtaking as the uppers. 

I took a seat at one of the empty tables near the back and calmly waited for her to wait on me. I was in no hurry to get back on the road for the storm brewing to the west was no place for me too be. Rather to be stranded waiting out the rain in a bar than pulled off the side of the highway. It had been two weeks since I had been home so what was another night on the road going to hurt. Besides, with the view I had here who would want to leave.

After about five minutes she came around the bar and gave me the first look at her legs. Long and slender clad in low rise blue jeans with snake skin boots to round out her attire. She bent over a little more than was needed but no complaints escaped my mouth as I was treated to a lovely view down her top.

"Hi, my name is Lila and I will be your server for the evening," She laughed. "I will also be your bar tender and bus girl." 

"Hello Lila, I'm Andy and I will be your consumer," I told her with a grin.

"Nice, our special is steak and fried potato's with a trip to the salad bar for $6.00"

"Sounds great, make the steak medium rare, and I will have a Bud Light bottle please"

Once finished with writing my order she hurried back to the bar to wait on a few of the local boys who I imagined came in almost every night just to look at her strut her stuff. I am sure she made out with some wondrous tips each night. Sex sells and for her I bet it paid well. 

After a wonderful steak dinner and a few cold beers in me I figured it was time to call it a night and make my way out to my rig and call it a night. I laid a $20 on the bar and told her to keep the change and made my way out of the bar. 

The rain was coming down in buckets and although it was only 50 feet to the truck I knew I would be soaked by the time I got in. With a quick burst I sprinted across the parking lot and jumped the first step, opened the door and slid on into the driver's seat. Not too bad, I didn't get soaked like I had planned on but still fairly wet. Before walking to the bunk I pulled the curtains shut around the windows. Once my boots were off my jeans followed them to the floor and I climbed into the bed. Quickly I feel asleep.

I do not know long I had been asleep but I was jolted awake by the sound of the door opening and in climbed Lila. I looked at her and all she did was wink and quickly removed her wet top and bra. Once free of the bra her boobs were in all their glory and my what a glory it was. Large, well rounded and long dark nipples just begging to be sucked. 

"You left more than an ample tip so I thought you might be interested in some ample tits."

Without waiting for my reply she climbed on top of me and dam near smothered my face with her tits. Quickly I found a hard nipple and started sucking. She let out a moan of pleasure as I vigorously sucked on her. Reaching underneath of her I undid her jeans, worked a hand into her panties and down to her mound. A small patch of hair let me know I was almost at pay dirt and a little more working and I had my hand at her already soaked pussy. Slowly I rubbed around the outside edges before slipping a finger inside. Once again she let out a gasp and moan in pleasure as I worked my finger in and out of her. I pulled my finger out and quickly added another one to help it out while using my thumb to work the outer region. All this time I had not said a word and she and I were in a perfect rhythm. 

I could feel her slowly tensing up and the more she gripped my fingers the faster I worked them in her. All at once she let out a scream and started bucking wildly and her cunt held onto my fingers and she came all over them soaking her panties and jeans. All this time I had been sucking her boobs and as she collapsed on me I stopped, letting her catch her breath. From what she had said earlier bout ample tips and tits I kind of figured this might be it but I was wrong. Not one to lay around she quickly regained her composure and stood up, removed her jeans and black thong and settled back down next to me. 

Without saying a word she slid her hand to my cock and wrapped her fingers around near the base. Slowly she started pumping up and down working my cock like a jack hammer. Taking her free hand, she inserted it into her cum soaked pussy and worked it in and out just like I had done a few minutes prior. Almost as soon as she started on her own cunt did she remove her finger and a wicked grin came across her face and she positioned her wet finger at my asshole. Teasing the outer area just as I had done and still jerking me off was about enough to blow my load but I held on. 

It was my turn to gasp as she slowly inserted her finger into my tight virgin ass. Once her finger was buried she pulled it almost all the way out and then repeated the process. Every time was quicker than the previous until she was finger fucking me with a rate only matched by her other hand working my cock. I knew that I couldn't stand this too much more, she seemed to sense my thoughts and removed her hand from my cock and replaced it with her mouth. Teasing around the head then taking it all in and using her tongue to reach my balls was just too much as I held myself as long as possible before blowing my load in her mouth. She let her self up as she removed her finger and wasted no time in straddling my face and lowering her soaked pussy onto my mouth which my tongue readily too. She tasted as wonderful as what she felt. I looked up at her and saw only lust in her eyes. I wrapped my arms around her legs and pulled her harder onto me while she tweaked and massaged her boobs. The harder I sucked the harder she grabbed her boobs. 

My cock was back to full attention and although she tasted great, it was time to fuck her. Pushing her up and back gave her the hint of what was going on and without asking for how we should do it she just settled her cunt onto my raging cock. Bareback is the way to go and we weren't about to waste time with rubbers as she had already worked up a steady pace riding me. Her cunt muscles griped onto my cock and she was milking me for all it was worth. Boobs bouncing, hair freely flowing and her moans were a sight to behold. Reaching behind her I took her ass in my hands and smacked it quite hard.

"OH YES, FUCK YES", she screamed as she continued to increase the pace.

"Come on Lila, fuck ya come on," I gasped, egging her on.

It was one of the most wonderful sights I had ever seen. She was defiantly no angel bu more of a vixen as she just kept up her steady pace of riding my cock. All at once I could feel the build up deep within my balls and could feel her tensing up as well. I smacked her ass one more time. Taking that as a cue she wrapped her arms around my neck and I did the same and in unison we started fucking like mad. With a thunderous scream she came once again all over me and I blew my seed deep into her cunt. Neither one of us moved, just laid there hanging onto each other. Finally she climbed off and knelt down to gather her jeans and top. I just laid there as she got dressed and once finished she lay her panties on my chest and gave me a quick kiss.

"I had a wonderful time, bring those back and exchange them sometime. Later cowboy."

With that she was out the door and gone. I rolled over and feel asleep thinking of the wonderful time with Lila and I knew that I would make sure to come back for the exchange.

*

As this is my third story I would really like some feedback, both negative and positive. Without feedback we authors have no idea if we are really entertaining the readers. So just tell me what u think and please vote. Thank you.