 18 and over and whatever.

- -

After the break was over, I was somewhat excited to return to school. On the bus, Emily was all over me. 

"I still can't believe Mom fucked you." Emily said.

"Well we can't all live such glamorous lives as I do," I said as I puffed an imaginary cigar. Emily hit me playfully on the stomach before unzipping my pants.

"So are you excited to be a senior?" Emily asked as she licked my cum from between her fingers.

"Pretty much," I replied, "it'll hopefully be better now that I have that journalism scholarship in the bag."

She stroked my cock. "Just promise me that wherever you go, you'll take me with you."

I looked at her and saw the serious concern in her face. I wrapped my arm around her.

"Emily, there is no one in the entire world I'd rather spend my life with. Who knows? Maybe we'll even travel the world together."

She smiled and lay her head on my chest, continuing to stroke me as we pulled up to the school.

- -

The teachers directed us to the large gymnasium and onto the bleachers. I saw many girls in blouses and floral dresses that looked as if they could double as a tablecloth in Julia Child's kitchen.

"I'd love to see you in those," I said to Emily, wearing a motorcycle T-shirt and leather skirt along with her knee high leather boots.

"You've seen me naked," she retorted, "So why do you care?"

I considered this. "Good point. Consider it stricken from the record."

"Never was recorded," she replied as we sat. I laughed and shook my head as she nestled against me

The principal, Jennie Stevens came onto the stage and began to speak. Her black top and sweater did little to hide the curves of her 30J tits. She spoke of the school policies, dress codes and class schedules.

Thankfully, I had my friends in many of the same periods. Ms. Franklin, a 36-year-old English teacher was immediately one of my instant favorites.

She really encouraged my writing and over the next few days read my short stories. She had a curvy figure and still looked attractive in her black skirt and blue heels. Her 32G tits nearly popping from her blouse.

"Kyle?" she called as I was about to hustle out with the class to lunch. 

"Yes Ms. Franklin?" I asked. She fiddled with her gold wedding ring and began. I could tell she was having marital problems but I didn't press. Not at the moment anyway.

"You know Kendall Hutchinson don't you?"

"Yes..." I answered, not sure why she was asking about her. Kendall was a senior as well and cheerleader not to mention one of most popular girls in school. 

"Well, to make it short," Ms. Franklin said, "she's failing this class. And the last thing I want is for anyone to stay behind. So... seeing as your one of my best students, I'd like you to consider tutoring her."

Being as Kendall was as snooty as they came, Ms. Franklin more than likely saw my hesitation. "I know it's a lot to ask Kyle. Especially with no pay but I'll try anything to make it up to you."

As you know, I can never resist a woman in need. She looked at me pleadingly with her warm brown eyes and I sighed.

"Yay!" she cheered excitedly while clapping her hands. "Don't worry, I'll arrange everything with Kendall. Thank you so much Kyle."

I smiled at her happiness. "You're welcome."

She was still smiling as I walked to lunch.

- -

Emily snoozed on my chest after a hard and fast paced 'first day of after school fuck' (Emily's words). Her hand remained tightly clenched on my cock but I didn't mind. I just loved having her near me, her strawberry scented shampoo being so comforting.

My phone chimed on the table next to her bed and she stirred but didn't wake up. I checked the text and groaned as I saw it was from Kendall.

"Go ahead," Emily groaned without opening her eyes and she rolled off me, letting me quickly dress after she kissed me.

"And I want you good and hard tomorrow!" she called after me as I left out the door.

- -

As I pulled up to Kendall's house, I was taken aback by the size of the house. Both a Mercedes and Maserati were in the garage. I knew the Maserati was her's from her constant bragging.

After I knocked, the door flung open and I came in contact with Kendall's angry glare. Her black tank top let her 36F boobs move freely and was perfectly combined with her plaid miniskirt.

"About time you've gotten here!" she said with an eye roll. 

"Oh!" another woman said as she came around the corner, "is this your tutor Kendall?"

"Barely," she retorted, "he's 5 minutes late."

"Well we're all late sometimes," the beautiful woman said with a warm smile, "or in your case, sometimes completely absent."

Kendall rolled her eyes as her mother invited me in. "Hello Kyle," she said with a soft handshake which made her K-cups shake as well obviously natural.

"I'm Amy Hutchinson." the kind woman said, "Kendall's mother."

"I wouldn't have ever guessed you were anything over 20," I said.

Amy blushed as Kendall rolled her eyes and pushed me toward the stairs. "Have a good study session you two," Amy said as we left the room, "it was nice meeting you Kyle."

When we reached Kendall's room, she pushed me inside and began to text her idiotic friends on her phone. 

"I believe a key part of tutoring involves study material..." I said and she sighed before rummaging through her backpack. Her short skirt rode up her ass as she continued looking and soon I could feel my cock getting harder and fuller.

I couldn't take my eyes off her white panties and I could clearly see her camel toe. When she announced she had found it, I sat down to avoid her seeing my boner. The last thing I needed was her loud mouth telling her friends how I got hard in her bedroom.

Matters weren't helped when Amy walked in, her large boobs bouncing. "I'm going to the office kids. There's food in the fridge if you get hungry."

As Kendall stood, her tank top had nearly fell underneath her boobs and I stiffened even further. The cold air in the room soon had her tits poking through her top.

Thankfully she didn't notice as she threw the book onto the bed and flopped down with a large sigh. After an hour and a half, we had made little progress and she was still struggling to understand.

As we took a break, her phone chimed and she shot up.

"Oh shit I forgot!" Kendall exclaimed, "Ashton is having her party tonight. I have to get ready!"

Forgetting I was there, I watched as she rushed to her closet and nearly pulled off her top before she looked at me.

"Okay look," she said, "I know Ms. Hutchinson is holding you to this. So how about we simply tell you came and tutored me and we can forget the whole thing?"

"Why would I do that?" I asked coyly.

"Because I said so..." she said as if it was obvious.

"I don't see what I get out of it," I said, "besides I promised Ms. Hutchinson I'd do it."

"Oh I see," she said, "you need some payment for your silence. Alright let's get this over with."

My eyes bucked as she began to unbutton my khakis. 

"Shrimp cock probably won't last a..." she abruptly stopped talking as my pants hit the floor.

"What was that you were saying?" I asked.

"Holy fuck!" Kendall exclaimed, "there is no fucking way that this is real!" 

"Oh but it is," I said evilly, "and I believe I was promised a reward for keeping quiet..."

"B-but," She stammered, "I've n-never seen a cock so huge."

"Hmm..." I pondered tauntingly, "I don't hear how that's my problem. I'm simply waiting on you to fulfill your end."

"But I can't..." she whined, obviously both impressed and nervous.

"Oh well," I said nonchalantly as I began to pull up my pants, "It'll be nice seeing you still as freshman next year."

"Wait!" she shouted as she grabbed my waistband, "I'll... I'll suck you off..."

I nodded as she stroked it slowly, licking off the forming precum before licking down my whole length. She then opened wide and took me inside. She easily fit half of me down her throat before digging her nails into my ass cheeks and plunging the rest of me inside.

Finding I still hadn't cum, she gagged and pulled back, her boobs heaving. Instantly, I pulled off her top and began rubbing the hard nipples.

"Hey!" she shouted, "that... isn't... a part... of our deal."

I stopped and reached for my pants again but she finally consented and I began to fondle them again.

She began moaning as I sucked them, laying back onto the bed as I flicked them with my tongue. She then kissed me warmly as she removed her pants and my shirt.

I kissed each tit before moving to eat her out and she soon began to moan louder. "Yes Kyle..." she moaned as she gripped my hair, "eat my pussy."

I couldn't believe it. I had the most sought after girl in school begging for me to eat her pussy. I flicked my tongue against the clit, moving in slow clockwise circles getting her turned on even more.

"Oh yes Kyle! Fuck, your tongue feels as big as your cock!" Kendall groaned as she squeezed her boobs, "Oh god, please don't stop. I'm almost there!"

With one final deep lick, she exploded all over my face and the sheets, grinding her cunt into my face. I kept licking, up and down and side to side, making her cry out loudly.

"Kyle!!!" Kendall screamed until I letup, falling back in exhaustion .

"That was the best fucking orgasm of my entire life," she panted. I watched her amusingly as she ate her previous insulting words. She leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth again. Her bobbing sped up and I moaned as she slurped loudly on my prick.

She then pulled up and spit on it, vigorously jerking it off. She gave a final lick and straddled me, torturing me by sliding her slick pussy lips up and down my cock.

"Do you want to fuck me Kyle?" Kendall asked. I looked into her eyes and saw she wasn't asking as a joke. But in a sense of urgency. She wanted me to say yes.

"Yes Kendall," I replied, "I do."

She smiled and slid me into her. Fuck, was she tight. I moved my hands to cup her soft and squishy tits, sucking her round areolas. As she began to bounce, we moaned together, kissing intently.

"Oh Kyle," she moaned as she bounced, "you feel so fucking huge!" 

I grabbed her hips but didn't slow her rapid bouncing, sucking and pinching her tits. I put her ass in a firm grip and she cried out as she went faster, her ass slamming into my thighs.

I then flipped her over and began fucking with all the intensity I could gather.

"Yes Kyle!" Kendall screamed as she held her tits, "God yes! Fuck me!!!" She pulled my head down to kiss her as my balls slapped against her ass. 

"Damn it! Pound that fat cock into me!" Kendall screamed before I tightly held both her hips and began fucking her like there was no tomorrow. 

"You're glad you stayed now aren't you?" I grunted.

"Holy shit..." she moaned as I groped her bouncing tits, "there's no where I'd rather be..."

Encouraged, I picked up speed, watching my cock slam into her wet hole. She screamed as she dug her fingers into her tits, turning me on even more. The impact from our bodily collisions increased in pace and we both cried out together.

"I can't last much longer," I moaned and I began to pull out. However, she wrapped her legs around me and gave me an intent look before pulling to kiss her.

She screamed into my mouth as she began to cum, tightening so hard around my cock I had no choice but to let go, filling her insides with my seed. She began throwing herself into me, prompting me to keep firing.

At long last, I stopped cumming, the two of us kissing all over one another.

"I never knew getting fucked could feel so good..." she said as she laughed. I chuckled along with her and lay back, staring at the ceiling. I was amazed as I felt her mount me again.

"What about the party?" I asked.

"What about it?" she asked as she began to ride, "I want you to tutor me Kyle. You can tutor in Latin for all I care. As long as I get fucked. That way you can fulfill your end with Hutchinson and I get my inch scratched. Deal?"

"I'd be crazy not to accept." I replied to which she smiled and we fucked yet again.

- -

After I came inside Emily for the 5th time the next day, my phone chimed. Emily smirked, "Kendall again?"

However, the phone kept chiming. All texts from cheerleaders. And they all said the same thing:

Tits 4 Tutoring