 The news from the doctor didn't sit well with Charlene at all as it left everything open. Would Tom be okay? What would Charlene do?

Charlene went back to her chair, cuddled up in the blanket, and let Tom sleep for a while as well as herself. Tom was quietly lying on the bed, the drugs making him sleep which was Charlene decided to do.

A couple of hours passed and both Charlene and Tom were both sleeping when the nurse came in to check on Tom, who was hooked up to the hospital machines but still needed to be checked on for his stitches. Charlene woke up from her sleep and looked over as the nurse checked Tom by removing the bandages which woke him up. She carefully checked and put new gauze on him as well as bandages.

Charlene got up and went over to Tom's bed and held his hand for a moment until Tom moved her hand to his cock which had a slight erection. He nodded to her that everything was going to be okay and squeezed his hand on her hand a little bit harder making it grow a little more. Charlene, who was now sitting on the bed, felt Tom's hand move from hers to the inside of her shorts slipping two fingers into her slit.

Charlene gasped as Tom found her clit and began to rub it, making her wet within a minute. Maybe they couldn't fuck but they could at least make each other happy. Tom leaned over with his other hand and shoved it under her bra feeling one of her wonderful breasts. Charlene helped by undoing the clasp on her bra freeing it to roam as he pleased. With one hand in her pussy and another on her breasts, and Charlene's hand on his cock, he was a happy man.

Tom could feel his cock growing as she stroked his cock, each slide of the hand making it grow and get harder. Charlene began to moan as Tom continued to rub her clitoris, making her hornier, wet, and very hot. They both continued playing with each other, both very happy. Tom squeezed her breasts and pulled on her nipples making them more erect and enjoying the breast flesh play.

Charlene kept stroking his cock-squeezing a little harder and rotating her hand a little more, quickening her pace. Tom did the same thing with his hand in her pussy rubbing her clit harder and harder and squeezing her breasts even harder. He could feel how erect the nipples were getting. They were engorged with blood and the nipples were puffy from the playing.

"Make me cum Charlene," said Tom, "Shoot that cum out of me."

"I will darling. Make me cum too," she said in ecstasy.

Both of them began to move their hands faster and faster on clit and cock. Charlene bucked her hips and gave out a whispered scream. Tom wasn't ready to cum quite yet so Charlene having had her climax concentrated on taking care of her lover. She decided to give him a special treat. She got under the covers and licked his cock coating it with saliva and put it in her cleavage holding it in with her hands. She moved her breasts back and forth to get the friction necessary to fuck them.

Tom moaned in pleasure as his cock was in her soft flesh moving back and forth back and forth feeling so good. Tom was getting so hard from the rubbing of his cock that he was ready to explode all over them. Charlene was smiling knowing she was taking care of her Tom as he took care of her in bed and life too. 

Tom erupted all over the chest. He didn't know where it landed but he knew there was a lot of it because he kept pumping and pumping ropes o semen.

"Darling you made me so wet, you gave me a bath of cum," she said. "I love cum on my breasts."

"Glad you do because I like doing it to you," Tom said. "Where did it all land?"

"Where didn't it go. Look at me," she said.

Charlene got out from underneath the covers and displayed her chest to Tom. She had it in her cleavage, breasts, nipples, and neck. His job was very complete. Charlene got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to clean herself up. Tom laid back down in exhaustion, tired from the sexual arousal. He fell back to sleep almost immediately. Charlene saw that his eyes were closed and went back to her chair and blanket.

They slept again for a couple of hours and the hospital brought them some food, well a nutrition drink for Tom and a sandwich, chips, cookie, and drink for Charlene. The nurse checked Tom again, the same as she had done before. Charlene ate her food and said to Tom.

"I have to go home for a little. I want to change clothes, shower, and run a couple of errands, then I'll be back," Charlene said with urgency.

"You don't have to be here," said Tom "I'll be okay."

"I know I don't have to," she said, "I want to be with you."

Charlene leaned over and gave Tom a sloppy kiss, hug, and a big smile on her face. She left the room; Tom closed his eyes and went to sleep.

...

Charlene took a taxi back to the bar to get her car and go home and clean-up what she needed to do. She got her fresh clothes out, took off her dirty ones, and headed to the shower.

The warm water felt good on her body. She got herself wet and began soaping herself down paying extra attention to her pussy which tingled when she touched it, thinking about Tom and all the activity she had been getting over the last 24 hours. Charlene was daydreaming when she heard someone trying to get into the door. She turned the shower off, through a robe on and went to the door to listen. She saw the doorknob move again and got her phone to call 911. She talked in as low a tone as possible giving the information of where she lived etc.

Charlene went into the closet and hid behind her clothes, waiting for the police to come and being as quiet as possible. She thought she heard the sound of Jack and Wade which frightened her even more. It sounded like they were trying to break the door down but it wasn't budging at all. The indoor chain was on the door and the lock seemed secure.

She heard the sounds of the siren from the police car and the scampering away of Jack and Wade. Charlene left the closet and went to the door and listened, heard the police yelling to stop, and then silence. A minute later there was a second squad car pulling up.

The knock on the door must have been the police. Charlene opened the door and asked them in.

"We've apprehended two suspects trying to leave the scene of the crime," said Officer Lewis.

"I think they're the same two that attack us in the motel," said Charlene, "I heard the voices pretty well."

"They were just arrested and somehow released on bail. We are going to make it a lot more difficult for them," said Lewis. "We'll take it from here Charlene." 

Finishing her shower and getting dressed Charlene left to go back to the hospital and see Tom this time in her car. She was back in 20 minutes and by the time she got back, Tom was still asleep, hopefully healing. 

She took her place in her chair and went back to sleep until the nurse came in again to check on him. She nodded to Charlene that everything looked good and left. 

With Tom up Charlene went over to the bed to lay down next to him and told Tom what happened to her with Jack and Wade.

"I can't believe that they still are after us. How did they get your address," said Tom

"I think from the bartender," she said. "I entered a couple of contests and put my address down. He must have gotten it from that."

Tom gave Charlene a little bite on her ear lobe and that was all it was needed to get her started. She kissed him hard with her tongue wanting a whole lot more. It didn't take her long to take her clothes off and get real close to Tom who had pulled back his gown to feel the hot body of Charlene against his naked body. Charlene began to grind her pussy against his cock.

Tom began to eat her breasts fondling the flesh, pulling on the nipples, and bouncing them back and forth against each other. They were so big and nice; he never got tired of them. If she let him he could go on for an hour or more. Charlene enjoyed the breast play but was more interested in cock play with her wet pussy. Right now she was pushing her pussy lips against his cock making her cry out with pleasure from the friction.

Mounting her from the top, Tom slid the erect rod into her wet pussy pushing down to get to the bottom of her pussy. At the same time, Tom continued to assault her beautiful breasts and nipples by kneading and biting. Charlene was pushing her pussy as deep as she could. They were a beautiful couple together, working like a well-oiled machine, pumping in and out like the system they were.

Charlene's breasts were covered in saliva from Tom's mouth especially her hard erect nipples which were throbbing from the attention they were receiving. He was pounding on her cock and eating her nipples to a climax. She was so wet and horny so was going to explode like Tom.

Their climax came together with Tom shooting his load into her pussy and Charlene having an orgasm from her pussy and nipples. Her pussy leaked cum and her own juice. It was very good for both of them. They were a good fucking team.

Charlene didn't go home or sleep in her chair, she just stayed in bed with Tom and slept in his arms. The nurse, when she came in, didn't bother to ask her to move anymore. They spent the night together and both awakened with a good night's sleep. Tom felt better and Charlene felt rested.

"Tom I'm so happy to be here with you I feel like a whole woman for the first time in a long time."

She hugged him hard and ground her pussy on his cock as well as pressing her big breasts hard into his chest, hoping for a stir from Tom which she got. She could feel a hardness in his cock and Tom put his hand on her breast and squeeze gently making her stir in her pussy.

Tom squeezed the other breast, pulled on the nipple, and pushed his cock against her pussy, which was fast becoming wet.

"If you don't stop Charlene I'm gonna fuck your pussy and then your titties and cover you in cum again."

"I wish we could fuck all day Tom. I'm yours to do with whatever you want."

"If you don't behave, Charlene, I'm gonna slap that sweet ass of yours until it's pink."

"That might be sexy and make me horny Tom."

"You're impossible Charlene."

They both laughed and hugged each other like a couple in love, which they were. 

"We need to talk to the doctor and find out when we can get out of here so I can go home," said Tom.

"You're coming home with me Tom. I'm going to take care of you like you took care of me, she said. "I won't take no for an answer."

"Okay," Tom said like he had lost an argument.

"Good," Charlotte chirped.

They lied in each other's arms without pussy grinding and breast massages and waited for the doctor to make his 9 o'clock rounds. They didn't have long to wait before Dr. Hollander came into the room. Charlotte got up right away and went to her chair, being very sheepish and quiet.

The doctor took a look at his jaw, removing the bandages. He looked at his stitches and the general area of where he operated on and put the bandages back.

"Tom it looks better," said Dr. Hollander, "I think you can go home today as long as she stays with you."

Charlene made a funny face and shook her finger at Tom.

"You're going to be in some pain and you'll have to have soft foods for a few days but if everything heals you'll be okay."

"Sounds good to me doctor," Tom said.

"I'm so happy he can go," said Charlene, "I'll take good care of him."

"We'll take the bandages off so you can eat something but no chewing at all," said the doctor sternly. "I'll give you a prescription for pain medication and I want to see you back here in 2 days to check everything out."

"Thanks a lot, doctor," Tom said relieved from his doctor's advice.

"Thank you, doctor, for all of your help," Charlene said with happiness.

"I'll send the nurse in to take care of the paperwork and whatever else she does," replied Dr. Hollander.

Dr. Hollander left and both Charlotte and Tom clapped loudly. Charlene went back to the bed and hugged Tom.

The nurse came, did her work, the management did their thing, and Tom got dressed and ready to go.

They left and headed to Charlene's place to get settled in for at least a couple of days. The first thing they did was get Tom's Ford Ranger at the motel, bring it back to Tom's place, and return to Charlene's place.

Over a meal of yogurt and scrambled eggs, they discussed Jack and Wade, trying to figure out what they were going to do as well as their motive for the two attacks. Were they crazy? Was revenge that much of a reason?

"They titty fucked you when you were drunk at the bar and took everyone on. Was that the reason?" he asked.

"I really don't even remember them at all," she replied. "Except for you Tom everything is pretty much a fog."

"Sooner or later they're going to get out on bail or they have friends who'll try to finish the job for them," he said.

"Let's lie down and finish what we started in the hospital," he said.

Tom got up and went to the bed to lie down, Charlene following. They embraced, no kissing because of the stitches, but Tom immediately went to her breasts for a good groping of her marvelous mounds, which were braless. Charlene's hand went down to his cock and she began rubbing it, making it hard for what was going to come in a little while.

"This is your first time in my bed so let's make it a good fuck. I can't believe the last couple of days and the number of times we've fucked," she said.

Charlene undid her blouse baring her breasts for Tom to feast his eyes on and took her shorts off revealing her pussy, and laid down on the bed. Tom grabbed both of her breasts and began to massage them. Her breasts were like small ripe grapefruits waiting to be massaged. Her areolas were a brown color, good size with nipples very sensitive and got very large. He would never get tired of looking, massaging, sucking, and fucking them. If it were up to him she would go topless in their apartments. That way he could have access to them any time he wanted them, which was now. 

"Got any oil Charlene?"

"I got some coconut oil in the bathroom. Let me go and get it so you can rub my breasts down."

Charlene went to the bathroom and got the oil, bringing it back to the bed and handed it to Tom. She waited for Tom to give her a heavy load to make them really slippery for his pleasure and he poured a good amount on her breasts and rubbed it in slowly completely covering her breasts with the shiny nice smelling lube.

"I want you to fuck them for me. It turns me on when you do it. I know how much pleasure it gives you dear."

"Do you like them?" She said. "Do they turn you on?"

"I can't get enough of them," he said

Tom grabbed the oiled mounds and started sucking on one of her nipples playing with the oily flesh, kneading it hard. He went to the other breast and did the same thing to it too. He buried his face in them moving his face on them carefully. It felt so good on his nose. The smell of the coconut was intoxicating and made him horny.

Tom put his cock in her cleavage and gasped with pleasure at the feeling of the breast flesh surrounding his cock. He moved it back and forth moaning with pleasure right along with Charlene who had her hand in her pussy rubbing her clit.

Tom took his cock out of her cleavage and rubbed his cock on her nipples making them more erect and sensitive. He rubbed it underneath feeling the weight of them and the flesh as he surrounded his rod.

He moved his cock back to her cleavage and went back to moving it back and forth on the slippery mounds as he could feel his rod getting harder and harder. Charlene, as she always did, licked the tip as it came out of her breasts. She made sure to lick off all of the precum from his cock.

He suddenly stopped and put his cock in Charlene's wet pussy driving it in hard and fast. It startled her and she wiggled her hips to get it to her g spot. She moaned with delight as he shoved it in and out driving it down as deep as it would go. Charlene found her spot in her pussy and screamed out.

"I'm coming for you. Fuck me good Tom," she said. "I am so hot for you."

"You feel so good Charlene," Tom said, "You're so wet for me."

Tom continued to bite and feel her breasts while he was fucking her. He knew he would never get enough of this woman.

He pulled his cock out and turned her over so she could get on all fours and took her from behind which Charlene really liked. He pressed his hands into her buttocks and pushed hard to her happiness. Her pussy was so wet it was beginning to drip her juices as the cock went in and out of her, hitting her clit.

Tom leaned forward and grabbed her hanging breasts, mashing them against her chest, rubbing his hands into them. He was ready to cum and he let out a groan as he spurted his come into her pussy. Charlene cried out in ecstasy as she came again, her body shaking with pleasure.

Both of them collapsed at the good fucking they gave to each other. Tom lay for a minute and got up to get in the shower. Charlene was right behind them and grabbed the coconut body wash and a washcloth. They cleaned each other up taking their time to clean cock, pussy, and breasts. Tom loved to wash her breasts as it gave him another chance to massage and squeeze her luscious melons. Charlene loved the attention Tom gave to them.

Charlene rinsed her titties off, cupped them, and offered them to Tom like they were on a platter. Tom took each nipple in his mouth and sucked on them as he'd never experienced them before. They were wet of course and smelled like coconut, very inviting. He pulled her close to him and gave her a kiss and a big hug.

"Let's get dressed and go out for a drink," he said.

"Sounds like a good idea dear. Want to go to the bar?"

"Fine with me, I'd like to talk to the bartender about giving out your address."

Tom and Charlene got dressed and headed over to the bar in Tom's ranger truck. They went in and up to the bar. Tom ordered a vodka sour with a straw and Charlene ordered a screwdriver. When the bartender brought the drinks back Tom asked the bartender a question.

"Did you give out Charlene's address to Wade and Jack?" said Tom. "They paid a visit to her that wasn't appreciated at all. There in jail right now for the second time in two days."

"You know I did and I'm sorry. They gave me a line about having something that belonged to her from the show she put on," said the bartender. "I had no idea they were trouble."

Tom sipped on his vodka sour while Charlene stared with goo-goo eyes at Tom while sipping her drink. Tom was a bit more concerned as two guys who were not total strangers came in and went directly to the bar.

"Lady," he asked, "How about another tit job? That was really good."

Before she could answer Tom went over to the guys, anger in his movement and voice.

"The lady has retired from that business guys," Tom said, "Have your drinks."

Charlotte moved over to the other side of Tom and grabbed on to his arm.

"We just want to have a little fun," he said as he walked over and grabbed her arm, pulling her away from Tom.

Tom went over and pulled Charlene away from him and shoved the guy down to the floor and stood over him waiting for him to get up. The other guy shoved Tom in the back knocking him down to the floor. Tom got right up and hit the guy in the jaw knocking him down. The bartender had butted into the fight and had a club ready to use. This seemed to have diffused the situation. The two guys got up and left the bar.

While Charlene was frightened she was okay. She wondered what was going to happen next.