 It had been a particularly stressful Wednesday at work. Our new database wasn't working properly, and Rebecca, the girl in charge of IT was not coping well with all our grievances.

Around 5pm Rebecca called some of us into the boardroom for a meeting to discuss the issues and to try & resolve them. The meeting started off well, with most problems being identified, and Rebecca seemed to be getting on top of it all.

But, when it came to production issues – my department – she couldn't help.

Everyone else left as 5.30 came & went, leaving Rebecca and myself going head to head over the remaining issues. After about 30 minutes of bouncing ideas around about how to solve the issues, we decided to have a quick break for a cup of coffee. 

We made our coffees, and reconvened at the board room to carry on. We chatted for a bit first about plans for the evening etc, before we got back into it. We booted up the pc on the desk, and with the projector, we were able to both see the database on the wall, and work through it.

Rebecca got up to point out a few things as we went through it. As we were discussing it, I became acutely aware of the large shadow that Rebecca's breasts were forming on the wall. 

"I'm sorry.. " I interrupted her, pointing to the wall "could you move slightly, as that's most off-putting." Rebecca looked at what I was pointing at, and stepped back smartly. She paused, smiling, before carrying on.

As we got further through things she strayed back into the light, and I could clearly see that her nipples were now erect and pressing large, hard mounds in her t-shirt.

I smiled at her, and after catching her eyes, I looked rather obviously at her breasts. She smiled at me, and then did something I wasn't expecting; she turned to face me, stepping right into the light. She slowly took the base of her t-shirt & lifted it up over her bra-less breasts. I gawped at them for a moment, admiring how firm and round they were, before she pulled her t-shirt back down again. Rebecca then leant on the desk.

"Yes, my nipples are hard. Yes, my breasts have implants. And yes, I AM turned on" She said quietly "the question is; what are you going to do to remedy my situation?"

I slowly sat upright & moved closer to her. "I suppose that depends on which treatment you would prefer me to use."

Rebecca paused & smiled "what tools have you got in your arsenal then?"

I stood up & walked around behind her. She turned to face me, and moved back against the edge of the desk. Keeping eye contact as long as I could, I bent forward slowly, and kissed her cleavage. Rebecca just sighed. I put my hands around her minute waist & lifted her onto the edge of the desk. I spread her legs and then moved right up to her. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled us together, pressing our groins closely together. We kissed frantically, and she tore at my shirt, trying to get the buttons undone. As she did that, I lifted her t-shirt to expose her gorgeous breasts again.. I then felt her fingers grappling with my flies, and in moments I felt my trousers slide down my legs to the floor. I reached down and undid the button fly on her trousers, and together we wiggled her free of them. She stood on the floor in front of me, and I knelt down, sliding her tiny little knickers to her ankles. I then leant forward and kissed her smoothly shaven mound. Rebecca tensed as she felt my lips touch her.

I then stood up, pulling off my boxer shorts at the same time, and Rebecca sat back on the edge of the desk. My cock was rock solid, and I felt her cool slim fingers close tightly round my throbbing member. She then leant slowly back on top of the desk, and as she did so, she guided my swollen mass to her now soaking entrance. I reached down to her tiny waist again, and held her tightly as I slid my mass deep into her warm, tight cavity. 

Rebecca held onto my forearms for support, and I slowly started thrusting in & out of her crotch. Both of us were trying desperately to keep quiet, just in case anyone was around, but it was getting more and more difficult, the harder we screwed. I watched Rebecca's breasts move up & down in time with every penetration, and then slowly she started to arch her back, exaggerating how flat her stomach is…. It was visual stimulation to the extreme!! Looking down further, I watched my thick cock reaming her out, her pussy entrance stretched tight around my shaft, and I felt her beginning to cum.

Rebecca started shuddering, and she bit her bottom lip to stop herself making a noise. She gripped my forearms tightly, and gasped loudly as the wave of ecstasy coursed through her veins. At the moment I felt her pussy tense around my cock, it became too much for me too, and I felt the tell-tale signs… in moments I felt my balls contract, and as I orgasmed, I pumped my thick, warm fluid deep inside her.

We went limp together, breathing heavily, and after a few moments, I slipped from inside her. Again she gasped, before I helped her sit upright again.

Rebecca was just about to say something, when we heard noises outside in the corridor. We quickly got dressed, and tidied up the place, before two cleaners walked into the room. We just winked at each other & went back to our offices.

The following morning I got an email from her simply saying "I'm glad we got that out of our systems!"