 The sexual tension between them was like a time bomb waiting to go off. They had been spending almost all their time together. Between working together, winding down at the end of the work day together, and talking for hours on end, the chemistry between them was unmistakable. 

His voice, the way he moved, the way he would occasionally make sexual innuendos just flared her desire for him even more. She would close her eyes and imagine the touch of his lips to hers, the warmth of his hands exploring her body. She could almost feel his skin beneath her touch, feel the warmth of his breath across her neck as she slid down his chest ...

The hours passed as they worked together, she was finished with what he needed her to do for the next days work, it was time for bed. Her thoughts raced as she strode up the stairs to her bed, the possibilities that might come from their future together. A future she didn't anticipate when they'd first met. She slowly undressed, her fingers lingered on her breasts, slowly circling the nipples and feeling them respond to her touch. Her nipples became increasingly hard, standing up, erect, hardened to small pebbles of sensitivity. Her breasts feeling full, heavy, she squeezed them, reaching up to her nipples twisting them between her forefinger and thumb. The resulting rush of sensations to her core made her pussy warm and wet. Leaving her breasts, she reached to her panties, sliding them off her hips and letting them fall to her feet. 

Then, parting her labia, her fingers slid into her pussy. She imagined his fingers sliding there instead. She added another finger, then 3, envisioning his cock there, spreading her tight wet pussy with his hardness. Her juices were flowing with more abandon as she massaged them along her lips and to her clit, increasing the waves of pleasure beginning to course through her. Her knees wobbled and she fell onto her bed, spreading her legs widely and using her fingers to fuck herself as she thought he would. She wanted him, she wanted to cum for him, she wanted her pussy muscles to clench his cock, to flood around him as she felt his seed shoot deep within her. Her back arched, her breathing ceasing as the climax rolled through her. Her head lifted from the pillow and crashed back down, her body convulsing and then she lay still, her limbs trembling as her breathing came in gasps. 

The following day they spent working harder than they had the day before, so much was going on, and there was so much to do. She found herself stopping from time to time, watching him, thinking about her desires for him and her previous nights passion. They decided to take a break and she watched him sit and relax for a moment, he motioned her to join him. She didn't know what to say so she moved to sit by him and their conversation all but stopped. It was as though he sensed her mind was elsewhere. 

"You look a little overwhelmed?

She was about to say something, but bit her tongue before the words came out of her mouth. He seemed, though, to sense her thoughts, even though they weren't expressed, and a coy smile spread across his face. 

He slid closer to her as his hand slid up her thigh. She found herself parting her legs almost robotically, without her own control. The moisture gathered between her thighs now being caressed, she wanted him, there was no hiding or denying that.

Any other time, she would have shied away from such close contact with a co-worker, but he had been the source of her fantasies the previous night and the source of her desire for some time. She suddenly realized she had never responded to his question, though it seemed as though he was no longer expecting an answer, based on her unspoken responses, or lack of it, to the positioning of his fingers. 

"You don't look surprised or shocked," he said. His hand climbing higher up her thigh. She found herself moving her hips forward in the chair and parting her legs further. "My, you are wet," he said as his hand reached its goal. 

It was all she could do not to gasp and moan. She bit her lip hard, thinking at the same time how his cock would feel between them. She didn't realize she had closed her eyes until she heard him chuckling. 

"It seems I have you quite distracted, perhaps we should call it a day early?"

She simply nodded, standing up from her chair. Her knees were already wobbly and her heart was racing with anticipation. The idea of a train ride home sounded tedious, but she wanted him, needed him. They boarded the train finding it unusually empty.

He smiled. "This time of the day everyone is at lunch of working, the train is usually very quiet. Come on, the end carriage is usually completely empty."

They climbed onto the train, settling into a corner just as the train pulled out of the station. He slid his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close. Her head turned towards him as their lips met sending shivers of anticipation through her. She gasped as his hand began retracing the path he had begun while they were working. As it began to reach its zenith, she could feel her hips begin to undulate. He took advantage of the rise of her ass to reach up and loop his fingers through her panties, pulling them quickly off her hips. 

She let him remove them as he reveled in her freshly shaven pussy. He used his knee to push her panties to the floor, sliding his knee back up to spread her legs wide.

The vibration of the train added to the sensations of his fingers as he spread her labia and slid between them. He began to use first one, then two, then three fingers to fuck her as she knew his cock would later. At the same time, his other hand reached up to the straps of her dress, pushing them off her shoulders to expose her bra. She could feel her nipples hardening and pressing against the fabric of her bra. His hand stroked over the fabric, and her nipples responded, rising and hardening more. She could feel the fire begin to spread from her core, as her pussy began to drip. Her back arched, her hips lifted, and she screamed, her juices gushing from her. 

She was still gasping as the train pulled into the station. Hurriedly, she pulled down her skirt and pulled up the straps of her dress. She knew that she exuded an aroma of sex and passion, but she hoped she could manage to escape any wayward glances as they entered the apartment building. Her knees were even shakier than before and she was grateful that his arm was around her waist, helping support her. 

They managed to avoid the staff as they entered the elevator and headed for his apartment. His hands roaming through her wetness yet again, and his lips nuzzling at her neck. He flung open the door as he guided her to his bed. Her hands began to unbuckle his belt and unzip him before the door was even finished closing, his hands quickly stripped the dress from her shoulders, her panties long forgotten on the floor of the train.

He removed her bra, exposing her breasts, the nipples hard and erect as she dropped his pants and boxers to the floor. Her lowered his head to suck her nipples as she tore off his shirt, sending buttons flying in her haste. He threw her on the bed, his hands pinning her arms above her head, and his knee once again spreading her thighs. he lowered his head to her breasts again, licking, sucking, biting, and pulling at her already sensitive nipples. Both knees now between her thighs, he pushed her legs further apart. His cock stood hard and erect, ready to enter her. Juices dripped from her pussy onto the bed told him how ready she was and her hips lifted as his cock began to slide into her. 

She could feel herself being stretched as he pressed deeper. His pace increased as she longed to feel his cum shoot deep inside her. Her hips bucked in rhythm with his thrusts, causing his cock to pound into her inner most depth. With a deep breathy scream, she came hard, her pussy gripping him. He continued to thrust and then, suddenly pulled out, leaving her feeling empty as she let out a whimper of protest. He moved from the bed and walked to the dresser. His cock still hard and jutting out, dripping with the juices she had gushed when she came. 

He opened a drawer, pulling out several pieces of fabric. Slowly he lifted one of her hands, kissing the palm, and then down along her wrist and forearm. With the gentleness and purpose he used one of the pieces of fabric to tie her wrist to the head of the bed. Then, repeated the action with the other arm. he then moved to her ankles, kissing and tying each of those to the foot of the bed. Still shaking from the intensity of her climax, she was unable to resist as he pulled the restraints more tightly, spreading her legs even wider and exposing her soaking wet pussy to him. 

As she started to gain more composure, she pulled slightly at the restraints. It tightened them, and for a moment she wondered if she was doing the right thing here. 

He kneeled beside her on the bed, rubbing his cock against her lips. She opened her mouth eagerly, the restraints almost forgotten as she felt the head of his cock against her tongue. She ran it firmly around the shaft, feeling the ridges and pulsating veins. She could feel him jerk as she took him to the back of her throat, her breath drawn in to allow him deeper. Her cheeks sucked in as she draw him in and then released him, allowing him to slide out slightly. Feeling in control, she continued the rhythm, pausing from time to time to swallow the pre-cum that seeped from the tip of his cock. He could feel her throat muscles contracting and reaching for her hair, ran his fingers through it and then gripping it tightly and drawing her head back as he began to fuck her mouth and throat.

Unconcerned, or perhaps aroused, by her gagging as he plunged more and more deeply, his cock started to twitch and jerk. He came hard and copiously, his hot seed jetting into the back of her throat. He pulled his cock out, letting the remnants of his stream drip onto her breasts, running slowly into the valley between them. 

She had cum again when he did. Her eyes were closed from the intensity of it all, and she was trembling as she felt her pussy being penetrated again. Surely he couldn't be ready again this soon. The thought was unsubstantial, blurred by the aftershocks of her orgasm, but it began to coalesce as she rode the wave on its downward slope. Her eyes blinking open, seeing him looking down at her as his cock pounded deep into her, a grin spread across his face as she bit down on her lip. 

She wanted and needed more, and she was getting it. Hard and fast, the cock buried in her pussy continued to pummel her, raking over the most sensitive parts of her and causing waves of climax to begin again. She came, and he still kept fucking her. She came again, and again, and again, one upon the other. Barely able to draw breath between them. her screams were making her hoarse and she was barely aware of the decibel level of her screams. With one last deep, hard thrust he came again, deep inside her, his mouth finding her neck and biting into her fragile flesh as he exploded inside her, tears streamed from her eyes at the combination of pleasure and pain, his throbbing cock twitching deep inside her. 

His arms gave out, and his body dropped onto hers. He reached up and gently untied the restrains, leaving her arms to wrap tight around his warm body, pressed hard against hers. They laid together for a moment before he leaned up and untied her ankles, and then turned her to her side, laying behind her, pulling her against him. He kissed the back of her neck as he felt her body relax and fall into a blissful slumber. 

He smiled as he noticed the mark he'd left on her neck, before he also drifted off to an exhausted slumber.