 To Amy - you are the best.


I go to bookstores to relax but the day I met Amy was quite the opposite. 

I was attracted to her before we met. Her perfume reached me through the fiction section before our eyes ever met. Immediately I was pulled mid-sentence to find the owner of the fragrance. 

Upon turning the corner there she was - stunning. Her hazel eyes squinted through her glasses, staring with intent, she mouthed the words slowly as she read. Tall and exceptionally thin, her small breasts erect through her button down shirt. Tight jeans clung to her waft thighs. None of this I noticed. I was fixed on the thick red tress of hair tangled diligently high on her body. Anyone could tell it was so thick and long. But how much so I could not tell.

I said "Hello."

We spent the couple weeks meeting up with each other. We talked and laughed for hours at the bookstore. But never was her hair down. 

What I did learn was that Amy was smart, funny and knew what she wanted. All indications pointed toward her wanting me. I was right.

After our usual evening of debate she suggested I come back to her place. She invited me right away into her bed room and we began to kiss. 

This was my first time I noticed how thin she really was and how much bigger I was than her. At first I was afraid she would crumble as my hands could fit completely around her waist. This only turned her on more as the kisses became more passionate. 

By now I was completely hard. I know she could feel me against her (she let out a soft moan when i pushed up on her). Her hands searched my abs, chest and collar bone. I started to search with my hands as well.

Then it happened. While I was removing her shirt the large mass of hair fell partially from its tie. The first auburn tress dropped down her back all the way to her thigh. Then more. Soon we were in nothing but our underwear and heir hair was fully untied. It was a little wavy and so thick. 

I know she could feel how hard I got (she confirmed this later) because for the first time she put her hand on my giant member. I was so massive in her tiny hand. She gasped a little, realizing for the first time how big I actually was.

She was awe struck and stopped kissing me. I didn't notice the dazed look on her face until she whispered in my ear "I can't get my hand around it." 

At this we started to kiss again - passionately. She started using both hands on my shaft: one at the base, the other at the top. I ran my fingers all over her body, never touching her hair, not wanting to shock her by grabbing it or becoming lost in my fetish. 

My fingers slid her panties aside just far enough to insert a finger to her. She was pouring wetness. I didn't even go for two fingers - it just seemed too tight. It didn't matter Amy was wild with pleasure. She even let out a higher octave when gently my pinkie finger (wet from her overflow) slipped partly into her anus.

I had no intention of stopping the moment until Amy let go me. With her big hazel eyes she looked very serious (as serious as she could with her flush cheeks) and said "be slow and first when you go inside me bout you can pull my hair as hard as you want."

Pre-cum slid from me. Amy quickly bent over and led my dick to its destination. With a yelp I was 1/3 in when she stopped me. Slowly she worked me at that length. I thought there was no way this was going to work when the tears filled her eyes. But she was totally determined. It turns out my fetish is hair - hers is big dicks. She was cumming even then. 

By the time I was 2/3 of the way in I could barely stand it. Her body would shake as each inch entered again. With a giant thrust (one she was not expecting) I finished my way in. The scream certainly woke the neighbors. I did not retreat.

Picking up speed I started to redden her formerly pale behind. She was half the width of me. Up until now her head was pressed firmly on the bed. Most of the time she was biting the sheets in some effort to contain herself. Her hair was a mess over her face and arms - almost blocking them both out.

Suddenly, she arched her shoulders back and propped herself up on her arms. With one giant motion she flung her hair over her back. It cascaded off my body and over her butt, my shaft and onto both our legs. She instinctively cried out "pull my hair." 

I stanched it up in a big ball, rapping it over and over around my hand. She kept crying out to pull harder. The harder I pulled the more she bucked and screamed. I could feel my member probing longer into places she never had felt. At that moment I would not have been shocked to see the tip in her throat. She wanted more - I gave her double.

Amy that I met reading silently at a bookstore was an animal. She cursed, cried and begged. I started to breath heavy and slow - we had fucked for so long at such a hard pace that I thought she seriously could be hurt.

For one moment I eased up and she swore into a frenzy. While I blinked my eyes she threw me to the bed (I let her out of weariness - there was no way for her to really do anything to me I didn't allow). 

With all her feeble strength she grabbed me by the throat as she stood over me. She pressed hard on my neck, spewing how unmanly I was, how she would show me how it is done. She slapped my face, hard, for a few seconds - but was distracted enough to stop when I surprised her by thrusting inside her. 

Amy's dastardly look back, like "oh no you didn't just do that" was making my dick throb with pleasure. She saw it on my face and took it as a victory. Both her hands now pressed tightly around my windpipe. I could feel the world going dim as her long hair flapped behind down her back onto my balls (covering them). 

With all my fleeting power I reached up and reversed our positions. In my entire life I have never felt such a constricting on my shaft. She came in waves. She got so tight I couldn't keep going. I was lost in the moment. 

Right as I felt my balls come up, past the point of no return I pulled out of her. She rapped all of her long locks around my dick and shoved me back inside her (hair and all) doggy style. I thrust in blind bliss.

We erupted together.

I was so excited that we barely paused before I was pumping again. I came AGAIN 5 minutes later. 

The next day I met her at the library much like the first night we met. She was mouthing words while squinting through her glasses reading some book. Her hair was again tied up but today she wore a hat - which was (aside from her bow legged walk) the only sign from last night.

Love you my dear Amy