 Click. Click. Click.

Coach Blue opened his eyes and immediately found that he was salivating. He reached to his mouth with the back of his hand and realized that the clicking sound was coming from his watch; he had had his hand right in front of his face and was lying down face-first on the couch in his office. 

As he sat up and wiped the excess drool from his chin he began to remember why he was unconscious in the first place, and his cock immediately hardened as images of Nina Knockers' giant, bra-encased breasts filled his mind. He could still see the swell of her gorgeous globes as they stretched the material of her plain black bra. Her bra was no more vibrant than any of the other garments she wore, yet she somehow managed to entice him with anything she had on. 

Making note of the fact that he had an erection, he brought his wrist back to his face and idly checked the time. As he did so something registered in his brain and he remembered that he had an appointment with Evelyn Evers, the school principal. He jumped up almost immediately and stepped toward the door when he suddenly remembered that he had been dripping in cum when Nina had unleashed her bulging boulders upon him. He looked down, however, and saw that he was completely dry; and wearing a different set of clothes. His old clothes was curled up in a crude pile on the far side of the couch he had collapsed on, and he was now wearing the school-issued getup all members of the athletic program had in their wardrobe – a pair of blue training shorts and gray practice shirt. He also had no underwear on.

Terror struck him as he realized that Nina must have changed his clothes for him, as if he were a mere child. The embarrassment was almost too much to handle, and he didn't know how he could face the busty brunette teen knowing that she had seen him and his spent cock in their worst possible states. Whatever Nina's agenda was he felt certain that she no longer wanted him to be a part of it, and as Nina's final words to him echoed in his head he decided to honor her instruction. Knowing that he would probably be late he opened the door and began the trek to Evelyn's office; Nina's goddess-like beauty looming over every inch of his brain.

* * * * * * * *

The sun had set and Paula Swanson was switching on lights as she made her way to the front door. She heard another knock coming from the other end and when she finally yanked it open she saw Nina Knockers standing on the other side.

"Nina!" she said, staring at the young bombshell inquisitively. "So pleasant to see you, dear."

"Hi Miss Swanson." Nina said, as sweetly as she could. "Is Gretchen home?"

"Of course!" Paula exclaimed. She then leaned back and called out so that her voice echoed throughout the house. "GRETCHEN! NINA'S HERE!"

She and Nina stood at the doorway awkwardly for a moment before Paula broke the silence.

"Did you want to come inside? You'd be much more comfortable in Gretchen's room, I think."

"No thank you." Nina said. "I can't stay; my mother thinks I'm at the gym practicing."

Paula threw the young bra-buster a very annoyed look that told her she didn't like being put into this type of position.

"You have thirty minutes, missy, and then I'm calling your mom." She said.

Nina nodded in response.

"This won't take that long." She said.

A moment later Gretchen stepped behind her mother, and Paula stepped aside to allow her out. 

"Okay, you two, don't cause any mischief..." she warned.

"We won't, mom." Gretchen said, obediently.

Paula eyed the two of them ominously as she closed the door.

"Hey." Nina said, as she looked her friend up and down.

"Hey..." Gretchen said, tilting her head down and grabbing both her arms. She was huddling herself together as tight as she could, as if she thought she could squeeze tight enough and hide herself from Nina's view.

"We need to talk." Nina said.

* * * * * * * *

"Oh my gawd!" Brittany exclaimed, as if the three words she had just said were all one single word. "What just happened?!"

She and her best friend Brooke had just witnessed their coach Daniel Dick collapsing right in front of them. The two blonde teens had blots of cum on their faces and giant breasts; although the latter had been shielded by their sports bras which had taken the brunt of their coach's double-cumblast.

"I think..." Brooke said, a little shocked as she looked down at their coach sprawled out on the floor. "I think...we won!"

"We did?" Brittany said, turning to her friend. Their coach's cum was no longer hot, and instead it was causing them to shiver as it dried and cooled their bodies. "We haven't won against him! Have we?"

"Nope." Brooke said. "And we did it without having to take off our bras, too."

"That's right!" Brittany said, excitedly. "Awesome!"

"No, not awesome!" Brooke said, stomping her foot down in frustration. "He shouldn't have even lasted this long - no man should!"

"You're right." Brittany said, becoming lost in thought. "But Coach Blue and Coach Dick are different. Ever since they came to town...they've been...winning."

"I don't think Coach Dick is going to be winning anymore." Brooke stated solemnly.

"Good!" Brittany said, clapping her hands together. "That's a good thing. Right?"

"I don't know." Brooke said, gesturing to the cum all over their faces and bras. "This is a lot."

"Yeah," Brittany said. "But he did it twice, remember?"

"How could I forget?" Brooke said, sarcastically. "But he said himself that it couldn't be helped. So I think he's just gonna keep doing this until he dies like the rest of them."

"You really think Coach Dick would do that?" Brittany asked, seriousness in her voice. "I mean, I could see it from Coach Blue, but..."

"Actually I can't see Coach Blue doing that anymore." Brooke said.

"What?!" Brittany asked, surprised.

"Yeah. I think that somehow...Coach Blue and Coach Dick have swapped places."

"What do you mean?" Brittany asked. "What are you talking about?"

"Coach Blue apologized to us. I mean, he barely even noticed us, remember?"

"Yeah..." Brittany answered, thinking back to when they had run into him back at school.

"And Coach Dick just passed out...the way Coach Blue used to!" Brooke said.

"Oh wow!" Brittany exclaimed. "Yeah, you're right! So...what do we do?"

"I don't know..." Brooke said, rubbing her head as she thought hard.

"I think we should stick with Coach Dick." Brittany said.

"Yeah?" Brooke inquired.

"Yeah." Brittany answered. "He's got the committee on his side, so we need to make him last as long as possible. We can string him along the way we've been doing, but deny him all of this."

Brooke watched as Brittany gestured to their cum-stained faces.

"You've got a point." She said. "Even with our deal in place he won't be able to go back on it...because if this keeps up he'll be finished before things even start to get steamy."

"I don't know..." Brittany said. "I'd like to think that...but honestly, Brooke, how much about this stuff do we really know?"

"I know what you mean." Brooke acknowledged. "I wish we knew as much about it as Gretchen."

Brittany's eyes lit up, and a second later Brooke caught her gaze and knew exactly what she was thinking.

"No." Brooke said. "Brittany, no!"

"C'monnnn!" Brittany whined. "You know she can help us!"

"Brit, no!" Brooke responded. "You already know what I said to her last time. I'm not gonna approach her now."

"Brooke, you know we don't have any other choice!"

"Errrrrrrrr!" Brooke groaned. "Fine! We'll talk to her tomorrow, are you happy?"

Brittany nodded and smiled at her friend.

"Good. Now let's go wash up and find something to wear out of here." Brooke said.

"We should use his shower!" Brittany suggested.

"No, what if he wakes up? I don't wanna be in a shower anywhere near him. Let's just use his sink, and find some of his practice shirts."

"Okay." Brittany answered. 

The girls cleaned up and dressed quickly, for fear of being caught in their coach's house when he woke up, and in only ten minutes they were walking out his front door dressed in oversized gray practice shirts and their gray cotton shorts. Although the shirts were sized for their coach their huge melons bulged into their sports bras and stretched the cotton material of their shirts obscenely so that their midriffs were barely covered and their giant jugs stood proud over it. The shirts looked incredibly tight for being oversized.

It had been unusually cold in Breastford, and as the girls stepped outside they were immediately met with a rush of cold wind. They held their arms together and shivered as they walked to the sidewalk and crossed the street. They began cutting across yards in an effort to reach their respective homes, and as they did so the cold wind dried their damp sports bras completely. By the time they made it to Brooke's there was absolutely no evidence of the activities they had just taken place in.

As the two blonde teens approached they saw two figures standing in front of Paula Swanson's car, talking. They squinted and saw that it was Gretchen and Nina.

"Oh, no!" Brooke said. 

"Look, Brooke, there's Gretchen. We can talk to her right now!" Brittany offered.

"No way!" Brooke said. "She's with Nina. What if they figure out what we've been doing?"

"It's too late, Nina's already calling us over!" Brittany said.

Brooke looked across the street and, sure enough, Nina was waving the two of them over. The busty blonde gave a frustrated grunt and began walking with her friend across the street. The wind was blowing their hair around, but it wasn't making sound as they clearly heard Nina and Gretchen talking as they approached.

"Hey, guys what are you two doing out right now?" Nina asked, somewhat cheery.

"Oh we were just...working out." Brittany said.

Nina looked at them and raised an eyebrow.

"That's funny, I was just at the gym and I didn't see you two there." She said, glaring at the two blondes across from her and Gretchen.

"Oh..." Brooke said, looking at Brittany for a rebuttal in failure. "What she meant was...we were just out for a jog."

"I see." Nina said. "What's with the shirts?"

She gestured to the two oversized practice shirts they were wearing.

"Oh, you know..." Brittany said. "It's pretty cold tonight, so we just thought we'd bundle up a little."

"Okay." Nina said.

Brooke looked to Gretchen, but the brunette wasn't looking at her as she had her head turned and was staring off into space angrily. 

"Um...hey Gretchen." Brooke said.

Once again, Gretchen didn't say a word. This time it was Nina who spoke up.

"Gretch, you and I just cleared things up. Why don't you and Brooke bury the hatchet? Huh? Pleeeeeease?"

Gretchen rolled her eyes and folded her arms across her chest as she turned her head and faced Brooke. She looked at her with very annoyed eyes and opened her mouth to speak.

"Yeah?" she said, clearly bothered by having to speak to the busty blonde.

Brooke had the urge to tell her off, but suppressed it as best she could.

"Look, I...I'm sorry for what I said, or whatever. I shouldn't have said it."

"Then why did you?" Gretchen asked, still glaring at her with annoyance.

Brooke was beginning to grow frustrated, but as she felt rage rear its ugly head she suddenly remembered Coach Blue and how he had owned up to his faults in front of them; and she felt her rage dissipate into comfort.

"I guess...I just..." she started, "You just know so much about...you know, sex and stuff. And, I don't know, I guess I was just a little jealous or whatever."

Brooke stared at the brunette boldly. She still had that mean look on her face, but after a few moments she shut her eyes and a smile escaped her lips as she gave a small almost inaudible giggle. 

"Apology accepted." She said. "And I'm sorry if I said anything that hurt you too, Brooke."

"Really?" Brooke said, feeling genuinely comforted. "Great! Thanks!"

"Awwww....you guys..." Brittany said, her lip quivering as she began to grow emotional.

"But listen..." Gretchen said as she brushed some brown locks away from her face. "You don't have to be jealous of me. I know I've been secretive in the past about what I know, but from now on I'll be an open book, okay?"

"Really?" Brooke said. "Nina, did you hear that?"

"Yeah..." Nina said. "We actually just got done talking about it. You know...with everything going on I just thought that I should do something. Things have been...weird...lately."

"Yeah, I agree!" Brittany said, looking to Nina before turning to Gretchen. "But...now that you're an open book and all, there is one thing I've been curious about..."

Gretchen looked to Nina, and the busty brunette shook her head.

"No, it's fine." Nina said, addressing the whole group now. "This is good. It'll be just like the old days!"

The girls all smiled at each other and giggled. 

"Well...okay!" Gretchen said. "What do you want to know, Brit?"

"Okay like, you know when a guy is doing that...shooting thing? You know, with his, umm...his..."

"Yes, I do..." Gretchen said, cutting her off. "What about it?'

"Okay so like...what's the fastest way to get him to do that?" Brittany asked.

"Oh wow...I guess we've never really talked about that, huh?" Gretchen said, looking almost serious now. "I don't really know. I once made a guy cum using just my mouth, though." 

"I once did it by walking down the street." Nina said.

The girls all turned to Nina and glared at her with wide eyes.

"What?" Nina asked, casually.

"Um...nothing." Brittany said. "So um...is that like, the fastest way? Or is there something faster?"

"Well unless you're Nina..." Gretchen said, rolling her eyes as she addressed the two girls. "I guess you just have to figure that out on your own. I mean, it's kind of different for each guy."

"Okay, so you just figure out what the guy likes. Right?" Brittany asked.

"Yeah. I guess so." Gretchen said.

"What if a guy really liked boobs?" Brooke asked, her tone serious now as well.

"Well..." Gretchen said. "I guess most guys that like boobs like 'em big. So like...I probably wouldn't be able to make him shoot because I don't have very big ones."

"Why so curious all of a sudden?" Nina said. "You guys...we've all seen men have accidents before. They've had accidents in front of you two, probably because they were staring like perverts."

"Yeah, but...Brit and I were just wondering like, what someone does whenever showing their boobs doesn't really get it done." Brooke said, fearing that she might have to backtrack. "Not that we have to worry about that or anything..."

"Yeah." Brittany said, trying to mend Nina's suspicion. "We're just curious. But I guess we won't have to worry about that for a long time, huh?"

Nina shook her head, but then Gretchen spoke.

"Hey, why don't we all hang out sometime?" she said. "It's been a while since we've done that."

"That's a great idea, Gretch." Nina said. "Let's do it tomorrow!"

"What do you guys say?" Gretchen said.

"Sure!" Brooke and Brittany said in unison.

"Great! We can all hang out at the store!" Gretchen replied, coaxing smiles from every girl in the bunch.

"That all sounds great!" Brooke said. "We'll give you guys a call."

Nina was about to speak, but Paula Swanson opened her front door and shouted over her voice. 

"Gretchen, time to come in dear! And you girls had better get going home, as well!"

"Coming mom!" Gretchen said.

"Yeah, we're leaving right now, Miss Swanson!" Brittany hollered.

Paula watched as the four girls said goodbye. Soon after Brooke, Brittany, and Nina walked off in different directions as Gretchen made her way back to the front door. Gretchen walked inside and Paula closed the door on the cold night; leaving the chilly wind to howl all by its lonesome.

* * * * * * * *

"You're late." Evelyn said, glaring at Coach Blue over her glasses as she opened the door to her office.

"Sorry..." the coach said, walking into her well-lit workspace. 

As he stepped inside he saw that her office was smaller than his. There was no place to sit other than in one of two cushioned chairs in front of her desk, one of which was facing him as soon as he walked in, and there was a large window directly behind her own chair with blinds and curtains drawn.

"Have a seat, Steven..." Evelyn said, gesturing to the chair facing him.

The nervous coach did as his boss was instructing him, and sat down in the chair as Evelyn closed the door to her office. 

Like his own office door Evelyn's had a very similar translucent window pane attached to it. And Coach Blue couldn't help but notice the gleam coming from the dark rimmed glasses she wore, and her shapely rear jutting out at him in her beige skirt. As the busty principal turned around the coach felt his eyes light up as he stared at her top-heavy figure. She wore a pink-button up blouse that looked silky to the touch and shined with a luster that drew attention to her chest. Only three of the buttons were actually fastened from the hem of her shirt; the third of which rested uncomfortably atop the peak of her jutting chest. Coach Blue thought that if her blouse was even just a tiny bit smaller her button would not be able to fasten, or it would simply snap clean off.

Around her waist and skirt was a rather large black belt with a thin buckle. The accessory managed to give the illusion that her already slim figure was even slimmer than it actually was. As she stood in front of the coach with her hands on the door behind her he jokingly thought to himself that she looked like a pair of tits and ass with absolutely no waist, and that the belt she wore was only there to let you know that she, in fact, did have a waist. 

Evelyn Evers stepped forward slowly, as though exercising caution, until she was just half a step away from the seated coach below her. Their legs were practically touching as Coach Blue stared up at her. He noticed a black bra through the material of her blouse that he hadn't noticed before, and as he peered into her cleavage he saw the outlines of her cups as well as the straps of her bra hugging her skin tightly. The coach had to adjust himself in his seat to accommodate his growing erection...the fact that Evelyn had lost a few buttons and allowed him to see the sight she was offering was beginning to seep into his skull.

"Evelyn..." the coach said. "I-"

"Shut, up, Steven." Evelyn said, placing her hands on his shoulders as she leaned down. Coach Blue was instantly met with a down-view of her blouse, and her two creamy white orbs bulging into her bra and top. "I don't know why you are late and, to put it frankly, I just don't care. I asked you here to find out one thing..."

The coach shifted in his seat some more as Evelyn began to caress his body with her soft hands. As he stared into the busty view she was giving him he was reminded of Nina and how her own big pair of knockers had been heaving in his sights only minutes ago. He felt his cock grow hard instantaneously as Nina's heavy hooters began to flood his mind.

"Find out what?" he asked, his lip quivering as he struggled to deal with the physical presence of Evelyn Evers and the mental presence of Nina Knockers simultaneously. 

Evelyn licked her lips as her hands opened up and her fingertips began to dance their way down his chest as she lowered her body even further. The details of her dirty-blonde head were made visible as she was now leaning low enough to almost engulf his raging rod in her mouth.

"What kind of man are you?" she asked with a sensual tone in her voice as her hands reached the waistband of his pants.

"Ohhh.....Goddd....." Coach Blue moaned, as subtly as he could. He knew she was about to go for his bulge, and the thought of his busty boss blowing him was beginning to drive him crazy...but once again Nina crept into his mind. 
