 The work day was over, and although he was in no rush to get home he moved in haste out of sheer habit. The past few days had been so routine that he was beginning to grow accustomed to it. As he gathered the things from his desk and put them into his bag he contemplated on paying someone a visit; ultimately he decided against that and opted to save it for another day. As he grabbed his keys and began making his way to the door he was startled to hear a knock coming from the other side. His heart raced as thoughts of who it might be ran through his head. He quickly made his way to the door and opened it to find Nina Knockers standing on the other side.

* * * * * * * *

"I...I don't know." Natalie said. She and Paula had been discussing the circumstances of recent events for the last forty five minutes or so. "It all just happened so fast...it's as though I don't know my own daughter."

Paula walked around the coffee table in the living room and rested her hands on her living room chair. Her elbows locked into place as she leaned over it.

"That happens to us all, I think." She said. "Children change and we are all so reluctant to realize when they have ceased to be children any longer. It might even be true that they have not been children for quite some time."

"You're right." Natalie said as she paced nonchalantly. "My Nina is blossoming into this undeniable woman...I guess it's time I should accept that."

"Good, Natalie." Paula said. "I can assure you there are times when I think I don't know my own daughter at all. Ever since she came back from her trip it's as though she's become a different person."

Natalie turned and sat down.

"Well, you said yourself that our girls change. It's experiences that make it possible for them to do so. Gretchen was away for a while, so isn't it only natural that she would seem like a whole new person?"

"I suppose so." Paula said. "I mean, there is a certain logic to it."

"You know what really gets me is...she was right."

Paula looked at Natalie with curiosity and slight confusion.

"Nina." Natalie said with clarification. "She was right. I faltered. I was threatened and in no time I found myself doing exactly what they wanted me to, instead of doing what I felt was right. I went against everything our committee stands for."  

"You are not to blame here, Natalie." Paula said, reassuring her friend. "Don't forget the committee has been losing its ideals as of late...they are the ones who have lost sight of what we stand for, not you."

"Still..." Natalie said. "Two wrongs don't make a right. I should have known better."

"Yes, you should have." Paula said. "But there is nothing you can do about it now. And, I suppose...I must confess. I haven't exactly been following my heart either."

Natalie looked at Paula now with confusion and curiosity.

"I made Madeline a special batch of StaminaX...against my instincts. It's still in the testing phase and she's...I...who knows what wrongs I may have committed."

Natalie spoke.

"I guess we were both strong-armed. Hasn't it been that way ever since we were inducted?"

Paula nodded as she walked around the chair and sat down in it.

"That's the precise reason you and I have done what we've done for the past eighteen years or so."

The two women sighed as they reached for the mugs atop the coffee table and sipped from them.

"Do you remember when we were girls?" Natalie asked.

"Mm." Paula said as she finished taking a sip of coffee. "How could I forget? You were always the 'star player.'"

"Well...I suppose I did score a few goals on the soccer field." Natalie said. "Kick the ball, score a goal...things were much simpler back then."

"Do you realize that we've almost reached the transition?" Paula asked.

"Oh, I know." Natalie said. "In just a few short years...but who's to say it's actually going to happen?"

"Very true." Paula answered. "And with Madeline running things at the moment who knows what's going to happen anymore."

"I guess only time will tell." Natalie said.

* * * * * * * *

Brooke heard a loud ring. She looked up from the magazine she was reading and glanced at the door of the jewelry shop. She propped herself up from behind the counter and viewed Gretchen as she entered the store.

"Hey." Brooke greeted her.

Gretchen looked around as she leisurely made her way in.

"Hi." She said, looking Brooke in the eye.

"What are you doing here?" the busty blonde asked of her.

"I dunno." Gretchen said. "I guess I was feeling kind of down and I wanted to buy myself something shiny."

Brooke brought her attention back to her magazine.

"You're weird." She said.

Her words resonated with Gretchen. She immediately began burning a hole through the busty store clerk. She viewed her as she had appeared in that video...slutty. She breathed audibly as she found herself disgusted at how Brooke's massive rack was jutting into her halfway-buttoned top. She had her cleavage showing, and the round orbs were threatening to spill free at any moment.

But what really ticked her off was how Brooke had the gall to act as if she didn't know, and still managed to put her down.

"I'm weird?" she said, taking a few steps forward. "What about you?"

Somewhat shocked, Brooke turned her attention to Gretchen once more. Slowly, she moved from her slumped position over the counter to an upright one. She walked around the side and stood in front of it, before Gretchen, with her arms crossed over her heaving chest.

"What are you talking about?" she asked.

"You're not nearly good enough to be on our first team." Gretchen said. "What did you do?"

"What are you saying?" Brooke asked, her eyebrows furring in anger.

"I know you slept with Coach Blue to get a position on the team." Gretchen accused.

Brooke raised an eyebrow at her brunette friend.

"I've never slept with Coach Blue." She said.

"HA!" Gretchen laughed. "Save it. I know that you and Brittany both have."

Brooked stared at Gretchen with intent. Her eyebrow still raised, she took a few steps toward Gretchen.

"You know," she said with a menacing tone. "Before we all just tolerated you because we knew Nina had your back. But that's not the case anymore, is it? You don't have Nina around to protect you."

Gretchen now took a few steps forward as well. The two were practically touching toes. Ignoring the way Brooke's giant melons were jutting out further than her own pair, she opened her mouth to speak.

"If you think I ever needed protecting, you don't know me at all."

The two were silent for a moment. They were looking at each other with fire in their eyes. Their breaths became more and more heated. Each girl could feel the other's warm exhales; they could feel their tits almost touching.

But beneath it all, Brooke was still stuck pondering over the phrase "slept with Coach Blue."

"You obviously don't need protecting." Brooke said. "You know a lot more than the rest of us, and you've never once said a thing! How many times did you have sex while you were gone?"

"I DIDN'T HAVE SEX!" Gretchen yelled.

Brooke was taken aback by her abruptness.

"Uhhhhhhhhggg!" she said, infuriated. "I can't BELIEVE Nina gave you a guaranteed spot in the Fellowship!"

"I don't care!" Gretchen said. "And it doesn't matter if Nina and I aren't seeing eye to eye at the moment...we're still a lot closer than you ever have been."

A deafening silence now overtook the entire shop. The only sounds that could be heard was the ticking of a clock on the back wall, and the semi-silent sighs of each girl as they struggled to mask their heavy breathing and come down from their high-heated argument. Each girl's words had severely wounded the other, and it seemed as though there was no turning back.

For a second, it looked as though civility would not reign supreme. Gretchen flinched slightly when she saw Brooke take a step back and fix her posture; the motion causing her to naturally arch her back and thrust her chest out. Gretchen feared a breast-off was close at hand.

But fortunately for the brunette, Brooke simply pointed to the door and said "Get out," mirroring what Gretchen had told her as they had crossed paths in Coach Blue's office.

Gretchen thought about belaying that order, but soon her reason caught up to her and she realized there was no chance she could win in a breast-off with Brooke Biguns. She had witnessed Brooke defeating a girl with much bigger tits than her own, and the end result had not been pretty. She ultimately decided that the risk of losing was too great, as the end result would be much uglier this time.

Without saying a word (as she had nothing nice to say), she quietly turned around and made a beeline for the door.

Soon Brooke was listening to the bell again as Gretchen opened the door and exited. She watched Gretchen fade from view, and finally relaxed her out-stretched arm as the ringing bell finished echoing throughout the shop.

* * * * * * * *

"I...er...don't really know what to do here."

Nina's eyes were burning a hole through him. She sat on the other side of his desk with her arms resting on the armrests of the padded chair, her legs crossed nonchalantly, and her massively huge rib balloons taking up all the space they possibly could. They filled her bra completely and stayed within the confines of her outstretched, gray, workout shirt...but Coach Blue was finding it difficult to avert his mind away from the fact that they were filling the entire room.

"What do you mean?" Nina asked, causally. "Isn't this part of your job, I mean, isn't this what you do?"

Coach Blue fiddled with his hands on the other side of the desk. He suddenly felt as though his answers meant something, like he was taking an oral exam or on a witness stand.

"Well...yeah!" he said, as positively as he could. "But, I mean, I haven't really done this in a while. It might take some time to dust off the cobwebs."

"Fine. Whatever." Nina said, rolling her eyes to the side as she crossed her arms over her abundant rack. "Let's just get this over with already."

Coach Blue eyed her cautiously. She had an annoyed expression on her face, and everything about her demeanor said that this was the last place she wanted to be. His gaze dropped from her beautifully annoyed face and followed her neckline all the way down her heaving chest. He eyed her enormous boobs hungrily; like a baby wanting his next meal. Her arms looked comically tiny as they pressed into her titflesh and seemingly struggled to hold them in place comfortably.

"So....erm...how do we...start?" The coach mumbled out loud as his eyes humped her huge hooters. He was frantically searching for her nipples through her top, but her arms saw to it that they were hidden from his view.

"You can start by taking your eyes off my chest." Nina said.

Coach Blue was momentarily surprised. He fumbled in his seat and when his gaze finally met Nina's she was staring at him with omnipotence, yet her annoyed expression remained.

"I...that's not what I was..."

"Save it." Nina said, holding her hand out in a stopping motion. "But from now on, talk to me...not my chest. Okay?"

Coach Blue's mind was somewhat relieved, and it shown in his posture as he seemingly got comfortable in his chair.

"That's...uh...harder than you think..." he said, stopping for a moment to sneak a peek at the tent in his shorts. He was extremely relieved that his desk was shielding it from Nina's sight.

"Hm." Nina said with a sigh. She had her head turned to the side and was hardly paying the coach any attention.

Coach Blue shook his head.

"I don't understand." He said. "You came to me! You came to me wanting to do this thing, and now what? You look like you don't wanna do it at all!"

"I don't!" Nina said with an impatient tone. But after a few moments of silence her tone calmed once more. "I don't. But...it looks like I have to."

Coach Blue sat back in his chair. He let out a sigh as his shoulders slumped and his gaze jumped from Nina's face to her supersized rack.

"Then let's do it." He said, his eyes focused on her melons. "Talk."

Nina sighed. But she opted to speak nonetheless.

"Well...I guess I've sort of been...uh how should I put it? I've sort of been...going through these...moments."

Coach Blue's eyes grew somewhat more wary. He casually put his hands behind his head and leaned back.

"Moments?" he asked.

"Yeah!" Nina said, as though she was happy he was beginning to understand. "Like, weird moments."

"Okay..." Coach Blue said.

Nina shook her head. For a moment she let it hang, but only for a moment. She seemed to perk up as she asked her coach a question.

"Have you ever had a dream...that you thought was so real? "

Coach Blue nodded as he thought back to the dreams he had had of Paula, Natalie, Brooke, Brittany, and even Nina herself whilst with his wife in bed. Those dreams had been some of the realest he had ever felt. But in retrospect they had, in fact, been just dreams.

"Well I've been having these...dreams." Nina continued. "And in these dreams...they're so real! Everything about them! I can smell the air; I can feel it. There's a feeling in the air...this...this feeling of...uhm...familiarity."

"Oh. Okay." Coach Blue said. "Nina, I think I understand. See, dreams take place in your mind. And no one knows your mind like you do. No one knows you better than you. It's common to have dreams where everything feels familiar. I, myself, have had a few involving...er...well, that's not important. The point is-"

"No, that's not what I'm talking about." Nina said. "I'm seeing places that I'm sure I've been to before...but, it's like...they don't exist."

Coach Blue sat up to make it seem as though he was interested, but he had no real intention of providing Nina with some actual counseling. As far as he was concerned Nina's words were nothing more than the average rants of a typical teenage girl. He had talked to countless girls who all whined and cried about the most idiotic things, and with the exception of her huge bust Nina Knockers was no exception.

"There's more..." Nina said.

The thoughtful coach pulled his eyes away from Nina's massive chest to look at her once more.

"Oh?" he asked of her.

"Yeah." Nina said, solemnly. "I'm seeing things that I shouldn't be seeing. Things no one should be seeing. Things involving the people around me."

Coach Blue no longer had to fake being interested. He became alert as he realized Nina could have been talking about him. Could she be talking about exposing his secrets?

"What...uh...what kinds of things?" The coach asked, cautiously.

"Personal things." Nina answered.

Coach Blue nodded as though he understood what the busty brunette was saying.

"Which people?" he asked.

"Everyone." Nina said, looking at her coach unblinkingly. He looked a little distraught, and he was staring at her as though trying to figure something out.

"Okay," he said. "I give. Tell me what you've seen."

Nina sighed, and the coach became a little relieved to finally see her stare take a relaxing turn.

"You and your wife lived in an apartment before you got married." The brown-haired beauty said.

Coach Blue's first reaction was one of shock. He began twiddling with his hands and fingers as though trying to pull Nina's attention away from his racing mind. But soon logic caught up to him, and he realized that this didn't really prove anything.

"Okay." He said, calmly. "It's true, my wife and I did live in an apartment before we got married. But so what? Lots of people live in apartments, especially couples. You know, just until they get their mutual life settled."

"Your apartment was a small one, but it had two bedrooms. For a moment you thought you might have to turn the other bedroom into a nursery, for obvious reasons, but it turns out that wasn't the case."

Coach Blue blinked at Nina with a flood of emotion. He remembered the night they had discussed it. He and Laura had had a huge fight, but they had mended things when they realized that fighting was a perfectly rational reaction to this sort of news for a couple. Even so, he had never really gotten over the things he had said during the heat of the moment on that night.

Nina broke his concentration.

"That was the first time you ever called your wife a bitch."

At this, Coach Blue's eyes almost popped out of his head. Sure, Nina could have done some sort of check on him to find out where he'd lived. But no one, except no one, knew the details of the epic battle he and his wife had had.

"You...you know about that night?" Coach Blue asked. "How??"

Nina's response was a calm, yet annoyed one.

"I was there." She said.

It took Coach Blue a minute to register everything that was going on. He didn't know how Nina had expected him to react. He stood up from his chair quickly and slammed his hands down on his desk. His palms collided with the cold wood and made the objects atop its surface rattle and shake. He looked at Nina as though he felt angry, and he had every intention of telling her to get out.

But then his gaze turned to her huge melons. They were calmly raising up, and then falling back down in rhythm with Nina's breathing. He watched as the huge orbs mystified his vision and clouded his mind. He couldn't believe how big Nina's boobs were. They were far bigger than any pair he had ever seen, and all he wanted to do now was reach out and touch them; squeeze them, feel their warmth and the softness of her flesh. What he wouldn't do to bury his face between her huge, juicy melons and feast.

When all these thought had finally subsided he was able to register things a little more clearly. He hung his head and sat back down, assuring Nina that he was calm.

"So...you mean...you've seen this in your dreams?" he asked.

Nina nodded.

"What else have you seen?" he asked.

"I'm not sure I can answer that." Nina said. "I don't think I want to. I feel like I'd be...betraying people's privacy."

"That's assuming everything you've seen is...true." Coach Blue said. "These are just dreams, after all."

"They're more than dreams!" Nina said. "C'mon, Coach Blue. You know that what I told you is true."

Once again, Coach Blue had that look on his face like he was trying to figure Nina out.

"What else have you seen?" he asked of Nina, trying to feign intrigue of this new information. "Not of other people, just of me?"

Nina looked at him for a moment. She still had her arms crossed over her huge boobs, and for a moment Coach Blue thought she was contemplating whether or not she should tell him.

"Not much." She said. "Just things from your past. I saw you...interviewing for a job, for instance. I saw the first time you played catch with your dad. He had given you a glove; it was a black one, and it busted on that same day."

Coach Blue was still a little shocked by all this, but for some reason he resisted the urge to feel violated.

"Whoa. Nina..." he said. "That's all true!"

"I told you." Nina said, in her annoyed tone.

"So...you haven't seen anything of me recently? Have you?"

"No." Nina said. "Like I said, everything I've seen just seems to be in your distant past."

Coach Blue let out a sigh. To Nina, it almost sounded like a sigh of relief.

"Oh, that's good." He said. "Well! Wow, Nina! You're like, some sort of...reverse fortune teller. You don't see people's futures...you see their pasts!"

Nina shrugged.

"I don't know what I am." She said.

"Neither do I." the coach said, leaning back in his chair once more with his hands behind his head. "But I'd be more than happy to help you...figure that out."

Nina squinted at him intensely as she noticed his tone and line of sight trailing away. She followed the gaze from his eyes all the way down to her big boobs, which still remained somewhat hidden behind her arms. She took this moment to realize just how much of her boobs protruded out and spilled over her tiny arms. It was almost comical; cartoony, even.
