 "Steeeven…"

It took a while for Coach Blue's eyes to adjust to the darkness, but once they did he realized that it was well worth the wait. The silhouettes of three beautiful, busty young women stood in the distance gesturing for him to come.

The coach strained his eyes and squinted in an effort to assess the situation. Even though the three girls were shrouded in darkness he could see the shapes of their sexy legs, explosive asses, tiny waists, and massive chests. The slight movements they were making with their hourglass bodies now turned into distinct poses as they flaunted their perfect, sexy silhouettes. They posed for him from every angle like three busty models doing a photo shoot in utter blackness, making sure to showcase their huge racks as they did so. 

"Steeeven…"

As he studied the three sexy, shadowy figures he began to deduce who they were based on the shapes of their bodies and the way they moved; and as he did so the shadows from each figure began to fade away, allowing him to feast his eyes upon the sight of each busty girl in the flesh.

On the left was Brittany Bust, and to the right was her best friend Brooke Biguns. Both were beautiful blonde girls he'd been trying to bed for weeks now. As they sandwiched the busty girl between them they continued to pose and flaunt their bodies at him on either side of her. They smiled girlishly, seductively, and gestured with their hands for him to join them. Their tongues darted out of their mouths and ran across their full, luscious teen lips as they eyed him hungrily.

The girl in the middle was a bit harder to figure out. But as Coach Blue continued to study her mannerisms he realized that the face that went with them was none other than the busty Nina Knockers. 

The brunette looked at her blonde friends on either side of her, then to their huge pairs of jugs. She looked from each huge rack to the next, including her own, smiling at the way their big tits stretched their gray practice shirts to their limits. The light cotton fabric of their small t-shirts was almost made see through by the bursting pressure exerted upon them by each girl's busty, massive rack. The word 'Breastford' could be seen printed on each girl's shirt; however, it was made difficult to read as their big boobs spread the letters completely across their busty chests.

As Nina smiled at their huge tits she shook her own pair of knockers, making them collide with the other two pairs. She flashed a playful smile in Coach Blue's direction before reaching behind both Brittany and Brooke and placing a hand on their blue cotton shorts, right on their luscious rears. She had a look of ecstasy on her face as she squeezed a cheek from each girl, sinking her fingers into their soft flesh. The busty blondes looked up towards Heaven and arched their backs, causing their big racks to collide with one another. Nina pushed the two girls together by their sexy asses even harder before arching her back as well; finally allowing her gorgeous knockers to join the party.

"Steeeven…"

Coach Blue was not blinking as he watched all three pairs of big, bulging breasts bounce and jiggle against each other.

He looked down at the tent he was pitching in his shorts and realized that he was wearing his coaching uniform. As he turned his attention back to the girls he now understood where they were. They were standing at the center of the gym, whereas he was standing at the north exit out of bounds. 

Nina's head now came back down to earth, as did Brittany and Brooke. The three busty vixens looked at Coach Blue with virgin eyes and gestured for him to come with a single finger.

Coach Blue stepped on to the court, but was shocked when it began to roll under his foot like a treadmill. As it knocked him off the girls giggled and laughed. Once again, they put on their sexy faces and gestured for him to join them.

He watched as the gym floor acted like a giant treadmill. The entire floor was working against him while those three busty teens stood perfectly still. Quickly, he hopped on to the floor and began running at a modest pace; all the while watching Nina, Brittany, and Brooke gesturing for him to get closer. The looks on their faces turned to surprise when he got halfway. 

"That's right, girls." He thought. "I used to be an athlete. Hell, I still am. And when I get my hands on those…"

The girls gasped as he got even closer. Coach Blue could feel the heat radiating off their bodies as he inched his way to them. He reached out with his arms as wide as he could, palms out, aiming directly at their big breasts.

But just as he was about to get his hands on them the treadmill kicked into high gear, and he was taken by surprise. Reaching forward had caused him to lose his balance as he lunged, and he wound up riding the treadmill back on his knees. In the distance he could see and hear each girl laughing at his attempt.

As he sat back on the edge of the court he began mentally preparing himself for this uphill run. There was not a single doubt in his mind that he could make it to them. He was in shape, after all. He stood up and prepared to take the court one last time. But to his horror, the far end of the court began to move in the opposite direction from his end. He looked at the girls. Each one had a sad look of disappointment on her face. They each raised a small, soft hand and gestured goodbye as they began moving back with the treadmill. 

"Wait!" Coach Blue yelled. "I'm coming!"

And with that he hopped on and began running at full speed. The battle wasn't as pointless as it seemed. The girls were moving faster than he was, but if he could just make it on to their treadmill he would be in good shape. 

He looked at them for motivation. They had their bottom lips curled, feigning sadness as they inched further away. He eyed their huge tits with determination in his eyes, and that was all the fuel he needed as he finally made it to their end.

One more stride was all he needed to turn things around. With one massive lunge he hopped forward, but as his foot came down to the floor something shiny caught his eye. It was too late for him to miss, and his foot came down over it. The object was flung back to the end of the court, leaving Coach Blue to fall forward as he slipped. 

He landed on his stomach and looked up at the girls. Nina had a look of genuine disappointment, while Brooke and Brittany's disappointing looks seemed to be of a more false nature. Their looks changed to mock disappointment, turning to smiles instead as if to say "Oh well."

They had just enough time to flaunt their big boobies at him once more, before waving goodbye and riding the floor out of the gym and out of sight.

Coach Blue pounded a fist down on the floor as his ride came to an end. 

"Oh well." He thought. "This is only a dream, anyway."

"Steeeven…"

His hands got some grip from the gym floor and prepared to push his body up, and just as they did so they caught a piece of the object that had made him fall. He picked it up and held it directly in front of his face, inspecting it.

It was a key. It hung from a very thin gold chain, perhaps just big enough to fit around his wrist. The key itself was somewhat small, and he noted that he had never seen a key shine with the golden luster that this one had. It was almost blinding…

"Steeeven!!"

He awoke to find his wife looming over him, and he immediately wanted to go back to sleep. He couldn't remember what it was that had drawn him to her when they met. He was beginning to question if she had ever even been attractive to him. The last few days he had been thinking that perhaps he had become so accustomed to seeing the amazing women in Breastford that he could no longer fathom a woman who didn't have exceptionally large breasts and a slim figure, either of which he would have settled for on his wife, Laura.

But after spending so much time in his new home he had begun to realize that this just wasn't the case. His disgust towards his wife had taken root some sex-less years ago, and it was all due to Laura's plutonic attitude. 

Whatever the reason, -whatever the case-, he had no intention of leaving. Since arriving in Breastford Laura had tried everything under the sun to seduce him, and he had to conclude that she felt threatened by the presence of all the other women in town – women who were all much more attractive and sexually appealing, not to mention the number of cup sizes these women had on her. 

To her dismay, he had stayed as steadfast as a rock in that department. In fact, he was rather enjoying it. For the first time in years the shoe was on the other foot; it was her turn to suffer the humility he so dominantly dispersed. 

"Oh, good! You're awake." Laura said, propping herself up on her elbow as she cuddled next to him. Coach Blue had to wonder how her arm was supporting that much weight, but then it dawned on him that her arm was actually quite big itself.

"Do you know what today is?" she asked of him.

The coach immediately began searching his mind.

"Oh no!" he thought. "I forgot her birthday!"

His racing mind now came to settle as he thought of a solution to the problem.

"Of course, honey!" he said. "I even got you a gift."

Laura sat up at attention.

"Steven, you didn't!" she exclaimed. "You got me a present for our anniversary? You're so sweet."

She leaned down and kissed him on the cheek. Coach Blue became very aware of the wet spot she left on him. He shook it off and tried to play out the rest of the conversation.

"Of course, baby." He said, slyly. "You know you're the only one for me."

She hugged him. The coach could feel her excess fat as she pressed into him. He shivered.

"And I didn't get you anything…" she said, feigning disappointment in herself. She looked him up and down and a smile crept over her face. "But…I think I can make it up to you."

She crawled to the edge of the bed and lifted the covers off him. She stared at her husband hungrily as he lied back in surprise wearing only a pair of boxers. Her tongue ran over her lips as her eyes traveled over his toned body.

"Oh, God, Steven!" she said as her hands ran up his legs. "You are so fucking sexy."

Coach Blue was taken by surprise.

"Erm…" he said, clearing his throat. "Laura, sweetie? What are you doing?"

"You know what I'm doing." She said, as her hands reached his crotch. "I'm giving you your anniversary present."

Coach Blue gave a small start as her hand reached the bulge in his shorts and gave a small squeeze.

"Um, honey?" he said, sitting up and taking a seat on the edge of the bed. "I don't think this is a good idea. I mean, I'm not dressed."

Laura got off the bed and took to her knees, where she crawled in front of her husband.

"I can definitely see that." She said, eyeing his rock hard abs and toned stomach.

In his mind Coach Blue was going over scenarios. If he gave her what he was after, he could never forgive himself. On the other hand, he couldn't think of any way to get out of this with his marriage still intact. What kind of husband would pass up an opportunity like this on their anniversary?

His thoughts were interrupted by Laura's tugging of his shorts. She brought them down to his ankles and eyed his thick member as it sprang free. 

Coach Blue was beside himself. He was somewhat hard at the moment, no doubt due to the sexy dream he had had. Or perhaps this was simply the result of his morning awakening. Either way, he was partially happy with the fact that he didn't have to explain it to Laura. She obviously thought this was her doing.

"My, my!" she exclaimed. "You are ready for me!"

"Mhm…" Coach Blue said, trying to be sincere.

"You know that thing you like?" Laura asked. "That thing you always used to ask me for and I would always say 'no' to?"

"Yeah. I know." Coach Blue said, weakly. He shut his eyes tightly as if trying to hide his grief.

Laura gripped the base of his cock with both hands. She moaned as she felt it's girth.

"Today's your lucky day." She said. "Because I'm saying yes."

"Great…" Coach Blue said, turning his head to the side as he shut his eyes even tighter.

Laura slowly jerked his meat from the base. She licked her lips and let her tongue swirl around them.

"Does that make you hard?" she said, seductively. "Do I make you hard?"

"Mhm…." Coach Blue nodded. 

A small part of him wanted to laugh at her feeble attempt at being sexy, but the larger part of him felt like crying. The next fifteen minutes or so was going to be complete hell.

Laura leaned down, coaxing a small whine from her husband as her lips closed in on his cock. When they finally wrapped themselves around its full length, she moaned as if she had been starved for weeks and finally getting a meal.

Coach Blue was shivering as his wife performed oral sex on him. As her mouth glided up and down his cock his body became more and more stiff. Slowly, he opened one eye and stole a peak at the sight below him. 

Laura was going at him like a cheap slut desperate for love. She pulled her mouth off him and flicked the head with her tongue, clumsily. She attempted to look at him while she did it, but as she did so she lost control of his member and the head hit her on the chin. This was not helping her cause, Coach Blue thought. But she finally gave up and took him into her mouth once again.

Coach Blue leaned back on his arms and stared up at the ceiling, wondering how long this was going to last. He had been craving a blowjob from Gretchen. In fact, had the events of today unfolded in a different way he would have gone to see her and pushed for one of her trademark blowjobs.

"Mmmmm……" 

He moaned as he thought about Gretchen. It was hard to believe how young she was. She had a mouth like no other. The things she could do with it far surpassed anything his wife could have done, or any other woman for that matter. She had a way of sucking you into her mouth like a vacuum, yet gentle as the teen she was. And when you felt her warm, hot breath surrounding you…you were not only sucked into her mouth but into her game. Every flick of her tongue on your throbbing erection from inside her skilled mouth was a challenge…how long could you last?

She let her eyes do the talking. Her soft, beautiful brown eyes…they gazed up at you with a naughty innocence and asked you questions like "How does that feel?" "Does it feel good?" and "Do you wanna cum?"

And just when you thought you couldn't last any longer she would find a way to make you go the distance, letting you know that not only did she win the game but that she was in complete control…of you. She would pull you out of her mouth, sloppy and wet, her massive chest heaving up and down as she gasped for air as if to say "No, not yet. You're not gonna cum just yet. We're gonna have a lot more fun."

And she was right. Her tongue would slide over the head of your cock like a snake, and then start battling with it flawlessly. She wouldn't miss a beat as she bathed your cock…faster…faster…until you were ready to explode yet again. All the while she would have a small hand jerking you, keeping you relaxed - just enough to keep you stimulated and happy, but not enough to end the fun. And when you thought it was time to finally catch your breath, she would loom over your aching piece, look up at you with those teenage eyes, and wink…like the busty babe she was. And as if that weren't enough, she still had those big, beautiful boobs to bounce at her disposal…so young, so ripe, so…

"Big!"

Coach Blue was interrupted by his wife's exclamation. 

"What?" he asked, snapping out of it.

He looked down. Laura had taken him out of her mouth and was slowly jerking his cock from the base, admiring it.

"It's gotten so…so big!" Laura exclaimed. "Steven! I had no idea I had this effect on you!"

He looked down and immediately recognized what she saw. He was big. This was as big as he got when he was with someone like Paula, or Natalie, or even Gretchen. Instantly, something triggered in his mind. He realized that whenever he'd grown to this size it was never for very long. That was because the only time he reached this size was when he happened to be having fun with a Breastford babe. 

"Laura!" he said. "How long have you been going at it?"

Laura got a puzzled look on her face. But she reached around the bed and turned the alarm clock over.

"It's been…" she said. "Wow! It's been almost half an hour! Aren't we persistent?"

She giggled. But her husband was lost in thought. She decided to continue with his blowjob.

Coach Blue put his hands behind his head and leaned back. He stared up at the ceiling and smiled.

He felt great. He felt better than he'd felt in a very long time. Since coming to Breastford, that much was certain. He sat upright and placed a hand on his wife's head. He ran his fingers through her ash brown hair. He remembered she had had blond hair when they first met, but he couldn't remember if that had been her natural hair color. As these thoughts entered his mind he laughed to himself. 

He was himself again!

He put both hands around his wife's head and rustled her hair up a bit, getting a nice good grip. He began bouncing her head up and down faster and harder. Below him, he heard a few muffled moans from Laura. But after a while they subsided and the only sound left was her mouth gliding up and down his rock hard member at a furious pace. This continued for a few minutes before he got bored.

He began thrusting his hips off the bed to shove his cock further into her mouth. Laura gagged as he hit the back of her throat with ease. Her hands flung and flailed at his sides; begging him to stop. But Coach Blue had no intention of stopping. He continued pounding into her throat for a good while before finally dialing down the intensity. 

Laura let out a moan of relief around his engorged rod as her husband finally got the picture. But Coach Blue left her no time to rest because he immediately shoved her back down on his rod, forcing her to take it in all the way to the base. Laura's eyes grew wide as her husband force-fed her his meat. She shook her head, trying to get him out of her mouth but Coach Blue had a tight grip on her. He lovingly ran his fingers through her hair and calmed her down until she relaxed. He kept her like this for a few minutes, enjoying the feeling of his cockhead tickling the back of her throat.

He couldn't believe it.

For the first time since coming to Breastford, he was in complete control. He felt better than he did that night with Paula and Natalie. He moaned as he thought about them. Just thinking about those two busty babes was making him antsy.

Laura moaned as she felt her husband begin throbbing even harder in her mouth. This was not the way she had planned his anniversary gift. To her horror, Coach Blue lifted up off the bed and took to his feet. He kept her head securely fastened on his cock as he did so. Larua shut her eyes and prepared for the worst.

But to her relief, the coach began taking his cock out of her mouth. She felt so relieved as she felt inch after inch of his rod slowly exiting her tired mouth. She hadn't made him cum, but at least she'd given him something good. He'd gotten what he wanted. Either way, she didn't think she could go any longer. They were closing in on a full hour of just oral, and she was glad that it was finally over.

Her worst fears came true, however, as just as his tip was exiting her mouth he violently thrusted it back in. Her eyes grew wide once more as her husband was once again balls deep in her mouth. But it didn't stop there. He grabbed her hair and began pounding her mouth with great force. The sound of her face colliding with his crotch could be heard echoing and filling the entire house. 
