 Jessica and I had been flirting back and forth with each other for a few months. On more than one occasion, our flirting was very explicit. Our flirting was at the point of outright teasing. My mind would wander off into sexual fantasies of being with her. I already knew what her moaning sounded like when she was having an orgasm, and I also already knew how much she would get aroused by sucking on her nipples. For the record, Jessica is a very cute, blonde with 40 DD breasts.

When the time came that I found myself masturbating at the thought of being with her I knew that I had to put an end to these games and finally take her. I wanted to be subtle about the seduction that I was planning and take her by surprise. I waited for a night when her roommates would be gone, and I could find myself by chance to be in her neighborhood.

Jessica told me that such a night would happen next week, as her roommates would be going out together to celebrate a birthday party. I was gleaming inside, but I made certain not to let on what I had in mind. When my lucky night had arrived, I went and did some shopping at a mall not too far, from where she lives. I picked up a sweater and a pair of pants at the mall and then I left. On my way out, I called her, “just to say hi”. She told me how she was home alone and feeling rather bored. “Wow, you’ll never guess where I am right now”, I told her that I was just leaving the mall, and immediately she invited me over to keep her company. I told her that I would come by and that I would bring some dinner too.

When I arrived at her apartment, she had already made herself comfortable wearing a tank top and sweatpants. I had no problem with what she was wearing because ample cleavage was on display from the tank top, and her ass look ripe for grabbing in her pants. Together we ate our dinner. Naturally, we were flirted shamelessly with each other. I blatantly stared at her chest, that her tank top did a very poor job of covering.

After dinner, she decided that I should model my new clothes for her. I said it would be fine but that I wanted her to put on some music for me as I put on my show. I decided that I would turn my modeling act into a sort of strip tease. As the music came on Jessica sat down on the couch, I had my back to her and I started to shake my ass, she giggled at my routine at first. I crossed my arms over my chest in a way that if you were standing behind me it looked like I was getting a hug. I moved my arms slowly up and down my sides and then gripped the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I turned around swinging my shirt over my head and then tossed it aside.

I strode straight toward Jessica on the couch, and by now, she was no longer giggling, but had a look of intrigue on her face. I unfastened my belt and then set it down beside her. I thrust my hips forward as I unbuttoned and then unzipped my pants. I turned my back to her again as I bent over and pulled down my pants. I picked up my new pair of pants and I lay down on her floor. I got my feet into the legs of my new pants and then spread my legs and thrust my hips upward as I pulled them up. I rolled over and then picked up my new sweater. I pulled on the sweater and then I turned off the music.

“How do I look?” I asked, she stammered a bit in her response, and finally she told me that I looked really good. From the look of her now erect nipples pressing against her tank top, I figured that she enjoyed my show. I guess that she felt the need to cool off a bit, because she offered to bring me a drink as she was going to get one from the kitchen for herself. “A cold beer would be great,” I said and then I followed her into the kitchen.

She bent down into the fridge and pulled out a beer for me and some diet cola for herself. When she set the bottle down on the countertop to reach for a glass I came up behind her and held her arm down to her side. I leaned into her and began to softly kiss the back and side of her neck. I breathed softly into her ear and then I licked and sucked on her earlobe. I heard a soft moan escape her mouth as her arm came up around my neck and held my head down against her. I continued to kiss the area of her neck and then grazed my teeth against her skin.

I felt her body submitting to me, and I brought my hands up her body. I lifted the tank top and began to massage her breasts. I pinched and pulled on her nipples as I massaged her tits and continued to suck and nibble on her earlobe. I slowly began to grind my body against hers so that she could feel how hard my cock was getting during our foreplay. Her body responded by grinding in sync with me. She lowered her hands to my hips and held me firmly against her body.

I slid a hand from her breast, down her abdomen, down to her pussy. I rubbed her slowly, over her sweatpants first, but the increased pace of her body grinding against me told me quickly to go inside her panties. I pushed aside the waistline of her panties and lowered my hand inside. My finger easily slid between her already wet lips. She cooed in satisfaction when my finger found her clit, and began to rub it.

I slid down her body and pulled her pants and underwear down to her ankles. I guided her legs to step out of the pool of clothes at her feet, so that I could spread her legs. She leaned back against the kitchen counter as I began to roll my tongue up and down between her lips. I started to rub her clit again with my finger as I flicked my tongue up and down between her lips and pushed my tongue into her pussy. She grabbed my hair and held my face against her body.

I raised my tongue from her pussy to her clit, and at the same time began to finger her as my tongue rolled around her clit. Her hips were writhing against my face and she was moaning with the deepest sound of satisfaction as her first orgasm rocked her body. I pressed down on her clit harder with my tongue as she came to make her sensation even more intense.

I stood up to hold her, and our eyes met. She had a look of lust and satisfaction in her eyes. Her look told me that she wanted my cock and she wanted it now. “Now it’s my turn” she said in a raspy voice. She took my hand and led me to her bedroom. I pulled my shirt off on the way to the bedroom. Once there she pushed me down onto her bed. She opened my belt and zipper, and then pulled down my pants. She smiled to see that I was already hard for her.

She wrapped her hand around my cock and looked straight into my eyes. She began to slowly stroke it, never taking her eyes away from mine. Then she lowered her mouth onto my shaft. She slid her tongue down my cock as she took it into her mouth. She began to bob her head up and down sucking on my cock, while at the same time teasing it with her tongue. The sensation she was giving me was amazing. She pulled her mouth from my cock licking a few drops of pre-cum from the head.

She straddled my body and then easily slid my cock into her pussy. She leaned over me so that her tits would sway in my face as she rocked her hips back and forth on my cock. I reached for her breasts and took each nipple, one at a time into my mouth. The harder that I sucked on her nipples the faster she would ride me. I thrust my hips upward to me her gyrations, and push my cock deeper inside her. I felt her pussy wrapping itself tighter and tighter around my cock.

My cock was starting to throb and I couldn’t hold back much longer. She seemed to sense this, because she leaned down and whispered into my ear “let’s cum together”. Those words in her sexy voice were all that I needed to hear and I grunted as my cock erupted inside her pussy. That feeling must have been all that she needed because seconds later she was writhing and moaning as she had her second orgasm.

That was the beginning of what to date was the hottest night of sex that I have ever had, and also the beginning of the greatest sexual relationship that I have ever had. Stay tuned for more episodes…