 Raphael was being awkward, Michelle thought. Of course, that was perfectly understandable.

"You... don't look like you're living with anyone else?" Raphael said. The blonde man in T-shirt, jeans and with battered eyeglasses smiled widely at his friend who sat on the couch next to him.

The busty short-haired brunette in red T-shirt, jeans and with round glasses smiled in return. "No, I'm still single. And I'm loving it."

Rain poured outside of Michelle's skyscraper apartment. It was evening; the rain clouds were dark, but the horizon was almost unnaturally bright. The summer was clearly turning toward autumn.

They had met the day before over a coffee, and it hadn't been this awkward. It had been years. They had both succeeded in their own paths. It was never a problem to talk about work...

"Really, now?" Raphael said. "So you're not as... romantic as we were back when we were when we were teens?" Clumsy questions, obviously...

"Oh, I can be pretty romantic when the mood strikes me," Michelle said. "Though... I have to say I'm not exactly as super-faithful. There, I said it."

"You... uh..." Raphael said. "I'm not sure if I should talk―"

"Nonsense," Michelle said. "Let's talk about it. Look, you're an old-fashioned guy. I get that."

"Fine," Raphael said. "I'm not sure if I should talk about sex with someone I left..."

"But you can talk about it with me!" Michelle said. "Look, I just wanted you to come over here to make you happy again. And it'd be fun if we could just... talk about it."

"Okay," Raphael said.

"We have big differences," Michelle said. "That's why we broke up."

"Ah," Raphael said. "I thought that was obvious."

"I don't think we can move all of the rocks aside, but I just wanted to say... you have flaws that you can fix." Michelle sighed. "I like being free and having fun," Michelle said. "I can understand it if people put limits to their free and fun. But you seem to... put limits in places where they don't belong."

"Really?" Raphael asked.

"Like, what's wrong about talking about sex with me?" Michelle said. "I talk about sex with everyone."

"Okay, I guess you have a point there," Raphael said. "Um... Do you... have a lot of guests here?"

"Yeah." Michelle nodded. A slow smile crept on her face.

"Um..." Raphael looked a bit confused, not really sure what to say.

"Oh come on, it's not that bad," Michelle said. "Just because I have sex with a lot of people doesn't mean I care less about you. That's what I wanted to say next."

"Oh?" Raphael said.

"You're a good friend. Like you said yesterday, let's just... let past things be past and think of the good sides. I still think you're one of the coolest people ever. Even when we haven't seen each other in years."

Raphael smiled. "I... I think I'm fine with that."

"I'm single. You're single again. We're both just random free people." Michelle smiled. "I'm not saying we should get married again, but I'm just saying we're free. Can't we just... be free? Even for a while?"

Raphael blushed. "I'm not sure if that would be appropriate..."

"Come on, Raphael. Don't you want to bang me?" Michelle asked. "It'll be fun. And the neighbours get suspicious if they don't hear any racket from here."

Raphael thought for a while, biting his lip. "All right," he finally said. "L-let's give it a try."

"Good!" Michelle said. She fished her MP3 player out of her pocket, picked a nice playlist and plugged the player to the speakers on the side table. Gentle rhythms of New Age music flowed in the room as she began pulling her shirt off.

Michelle felt Raphael obviously had some lingering nervousness as she undressed. He sometimes stopped looking at her, and his expressions seemed a bit shaken. Nevertheless, he sighed happily and smiled at her as she knelt in front of him, his cock quite hard enough. Michelle gave it a few good rubs before pulling the foreskin back, giving the tip a few good licks.

Raphael sighed happily as Michelle took his cock in her mouth and began licking him, a few good round licks around his tip before giving it some slow, long bobs.

This is how all guys should be, Michelle thought. Not clumsily begging for more, cheesy as hell. Just letting me do what I do, letting me take my time, just as long as it takes.

Raphael didn't make much noise, just breathed hard as Michelle got faster, bringing him to the edge of pleasure... gasping as she slowed down again.

Every guy wants to be toyed with, Michelle thought. But Raphael also gives me the time.

Michelle worked slow, knowing Raphael didn't mind. Minutes passed as she kept licking him, keeping the slow pace for a while before working on swifter excitement in times. She was surprised to note almost half a hour had passed as she glanced at the wall clock. Michelle's own heat within her was starting to really burn, feeling ecstatic and her breath growing faster.

40 minutes in, Michelle's head bobbed ever faster as she felt she needed, really needed, to finally bring Raphael over the edge. Michelle felt Raphael's cock grow even harder in her mouth as she really began bringing him to cum.

Raphael cried quietly and tremble. Michelle went even faster... stopping, slightly triumphant, as he exploded, gushing his bitter cum in her mouth. Michelle drew some hard and slow stokes as Raphael throbbed in her mouth, spurting more of that sweet bitter stickiness in her, the member growing softer again.

No words.

Michelle got up and jumped on the bed, and Raphael followed. She lay down on her side, and Raphael went to lie beside her. They closed on in a hard, passionate French kiss, closing in a loving embrace. She held him close as they both cuddled close, just enjoying being there.

In the loving, gentle embrace, it didn't really surprise Michelle how fast she could feel Raphael's cock growing hard as he rubbed against her. Why, he does like me, she thought. It's good to be liked.

The two friends cuddled for a while and got in another good kiss before Michelle rolled on her back, playfully pulling Raphael on top of her, flashing him a playful grin. She relaxed and threw her head back. Raphael brushed her breasts and kissed her cheek, and grew tingly and electrified as he kissed her neck.

Michelle breathed hard, eyes closed, as Raphael kissed her, and could barely react as she felt Raphael take a short pause. Yet, Michelle obviously wasn't very surprised as Raphael pushed his rock-hard cock in her hot depths. She moaned quietly and could barely get a grab on the bedsheets as she felt the lovely, hard, wide cock slide in her tight, hot hole; she wasn't surprised that he didn't need much effort, feeling herself so hot and wet.

Smiling happily, Raphael started pumping his hard cock in Michelle slowly, and Michelle could do little but tremble and jitter, catching her breath a bit, electing just to lay under him without moving much.

Michelle sharpened up. She was being banged by an awesome man... a true friend from days past. She wrapped her legs around Raphael just as he began kissing her breasts, his wonderful touch electrifying her further as he pumped in her even faster.

A bit of stars flashing in her eyes, Michelle moaned a bit. Still no words.

Raphael slowed down, and Michelle could see, feeling barely able to open her eyes a bit, how Raphael smiled at her.

And he grinned. Raphael sped up, now just propping him up on his arms. Michelle smiled and began grinding her hips to his rhythm, countering his moves. She felt that wonderful hard, wide cock slide in her all the way, each stroke sending little zaps of joy in her way.

Michelle cried out louder... and then cried again. She was out of breath, but still going strong, panting fast and letting out loud moans. And still no words...

Trembling with wondrous ecstasy that grew with Raphael's every thrust in her slippery, tight hole, Michelle breathed faster and faster as her friend humped ever faster. Minutes went by. Slower, again. Faster, again. Faster...

He's not mine, Michelle thought. And I don't want him to be. But he pleases me because he understands me.

Faster...

Those wonderful pulses overcame her. Michelle let out a loud moan of pleasure, her voice trembling in ecstasy. Overpowered by the orgasm, she couldn't grind her hips, but her whole lower body seemed to throb and spasm in rhythm to her massive, massive contractions.

She just didn't need to tell Raphael to not slow down.

Raphael kept his pace, banging her with sweet determination, clearly hoping to make his friend happy. Michelle moaned a few times more quietly - then loud again. Second orgasm, even bigger than the last one; sweet pulses of warmth and energy coursing through her lower body, twice as energetic as before. She moaned hard and loud, tore at the bedsheets, her back arcing, her legs now clearly throbbing to the same rhythms as her vagina.

It's a wonder he can keep it up, Michelle thought. Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God...

And Raphael didn't slow down, but he was clearly trembling a bit too.

Michelle's eyes shot as wide as plates as she had a third orgasm. There definitely were no words... from anyone, this time, Michelle thought. She throbbed hard and thorough, twitching... twitching... Michelle's whole body was in fierce spasms and trembling all through...

...and Raphael multiplied her orgasm by pumping his wonderful manhood hard in her one more time... thrusting it all the way... hard like iron, and he made a little bit of a groan... but still no words!

Michelle breathed hard. As her senses came to her, she could feel Raphael's sweet throbs in her.

Slow throbs. But so very hard – hard enough for her to sense so clearly – as if Raphael had unloaded something he needed to get out of him. He had enjoyed her.

More senses flowed in her and Michelle opened her eyes. Raphael looked at her and smiled for a while, then kissed her. Michelle closed her eyes again and gave Raphael a good, nice French kiss as she felt him throb in her own throbbing, hot insides... and she trembled again. Minutes went by as she was just unable to get loose of the kiss, and she just felt him go soft in her again.

She let his cock slip out of her, and they cuddled again, kissing each other.

The friends held each other in a close embrace. The evening was getting darker. Michelle was barely aware of how long it had been. She felt some of Raphael's cum flow out of her, down her thigh, and she looked at the clock. Fifteen minutes... if only more guys could hold it that long...

The two cuddled in the bed, kissing and hugging. It barely registered to Michelle that the music player started playing the same songs again. Raphael seemed tired and slow... and Michelle probably seemed the same to Raphael. But they knew it couldn't be left here.

A quarter went by. More kisses, more hugs... and a long, dreamy kiss. As she broke free, Michelle breathed hard. She noticed Raphael was just as excited as she was.

Just like in the old times, Michelle thought.

Michelle smiled. She lay face down, giving Raphael a playful look over her crossed arms, knowing he couldn't resist her. Raphael smiled as he lay on top of her, and Michelle spread her legs again.

This is for him, Michelle thought. After that ride, I owe this pleasure to him.

Raphael slid his hands under Michelle's breasts. Michelle buried her face on her arms and gave a pleased sigh as she felt Raphael slide his cock in her again.

Michelle let out a good moan as Raphael humped her faster, thumping her against the bed, making a mess of her hair. She wasn't sure if she was going to come this time, but was dead certain Raphael would. Raphael didn't hold back; he just banged her faster and faster...

Michelle closed her eyes and moaned loud, gasping for air after a while. Oh yes, Michelle thought, this is so awesome... He's having fun, I'm having so much fun...

Raphael slid in Michelle faster and faster, groaning a little bit here and there as Michelle moaned quietly every short, passing while, breathing hard under him. Michelle yelped with little bit of surprise as Raphael thrust in her for the last time, sliding his steel-hard cock so deep... throbbing in her, again, again.

Then it was over.

No words.

"Thank you," Michelle said. It was all she could say.

Raphael smiled. "Thank you, friend." He wasn't nervous. He was just like he had been... and that was Michelle's reward.