 "Oh yes fuck me harder", I screamed. I was on my back as he began pounding my pussy faster and faster. It felt fantastic having his cock buried deep inside me. As he thrust in and out of my soaked pussy, I was again building up to an unbelievable enormous orgasm. 

I screamed, "Oh yes that's it. Don't stop! I'm cuming! Yes! Faster! Yes! Yes! Fuck my pussy!" 

He pushed my legs up over my body and rammed it deeper into my drenched pussy. I wanted it so bad from this handsome hunk. My juices flowed over is huge cock as he ground it in and out of me. I was in such total state of ecstasy enjoying the moment. As I was relishing the pleasure, I felt him suddenly pulling out his throbbing cock and shooting a huge load of seaman on my stomach. Sitting up, I opened my eyes to look at the puddle of sperm that was splattered all over my belly. Smiling, I asked him if he was now done. After having just dumped three massive loads of cum on me, he laughed and told me he was finally spent. 

Suddenly, I found myself in another room on my back feeling another huge cock going into me. I tried to see who was now doing me, but the room was too dark. Once he was all the way in, he didn't move. As he began to slowly pump me, it felt amazing making me moan with elation. His huge cock hurt a little, but I was in such a state of sexual euphoria that I didn't care. All I thought about was enjoying another wonderful orgasm. Abruptly, a loud buzz made me suddenly open my eyes. Oh my god, I realized it was all just another erotic dream. I have them often, after a night of sexual bliss. 

My hand reached for the alarm clock, turning it off. Closing my eyes, I tried to continue with the fantasy that I was rudely awoken from. As I rubbed my soaked pussy, I try to imagine the sex again, but to no avail. It wasn't the same. Disappointed, I moved to get up and found that the sheets under me were drenched. Sitting at the edge of the bed and dangling my legs to reach the floor, I took a deep breath trying to calm down. Once I relaxed, I gingerly walked to the bathroom. 

As I stepped into the shower, I began remembering the previous evening's sexual experiment of being a working girl. I smiled remembering the three guys having their way with me. They were very nice to me and I enjoyed them immensely. But when I remembered the guy with the huge black cock being forced in me, I became very aroused again. 

"Oh My God I really liked it," I giggled to myself. He was the largest ever making love to me. But now wasn't the time to reminisce. I had to get to work. 

It was 6:30 am, when I finally walked to the front desk to check out. I guess I was a little tender from my night excursions, so I wasn't moving too fast. The lady clerk asked if I had a nice stay. I just smiled and told her it was very rewarding. She gave me a manila envelope that was left for me and asked if I wanted to keep the room on my card. I asked how much it was. She smiled, called up the proper information and told me it was discounted to only $109.00. So I told her to leave it on the card. When she handed me the statement, she gave a free breakfast coupon and told me it was unusual to have that room discounted so much. I smiled and quickly left before she asked me any questions. Stopping in the lobby, I opened the envelope. It had 5 hundreds in it. A naughty smirk crossed my face as I rushed to the café to have a quick bite. It was unusual for me to eat any breakfast, but this morning for some reason I was very hungry.

As the hostess was seating me, I heard a voice yelling, "Kathryn come sit with us."

Turning to look, I saw two guys from last night. Dave and Stephen were sitting in a large booth. So I walked over to them and Dave moved over. As I sat down, Stephen smiled and asked if I had a profitable evening. 

I snickered and answered, "Yes it was Ok, but not what I expected."

Stephen laughed and said, "I bet not! I bet that clerk took most of the money, right?" 

All I could do was sheepishly shrugged my shoulders that he was correct. Then he said, "Dave was telling me that you never done this before and probably why you were ripped off. So now that you had a taste of whoring, would you do it again?"

Well I didn't know how to answer it, but managed to be cute and sarcastically said, "Oh sure. I would do this every weekend if I could make $500 or more an hour and not have to share the money. It would sure help paying off the bills left from my divorce. Why do you ask?" 

Stephen laughed again and answered, "If you come back tonight, I'll get a bunch of guys giving $500 to spend time with you. So what do you say?"

I put my hand on his shoulder and laughed. As I sipped my coffee, I answered, "Gee guys! I was only kidding. I'm not pretty enough to have anyone pay that much for me. You would need a hot girl for that. I'm just average at best and was lucky just to have someone pay me for sex. Even though I had fun, I don't think I want to come back and do what I did last night."

Dave rolled his eyes and looking right at me loudly whinnied, "What the hell are you talking about Kathryn? You are the most beautiful woman that I ever fucked for money. You should always get $500 or even more and I can prove it to you. You spend the weekend with us and I bet we can have at least 5 guys paying that much for your wonderful talents. Do you really have that much low self-esteem not to know how gorgeous you really are?"

My breakfast came just as he finished his little sermon. So I didn't answer but began hurriedly eating. Half way through my breakfast Stephen asked if I was alright and hoped Dave didn't offend me. 

I looked up with tears in my eyes and answered, "Oh no Stephen, it just that he was so accurate about me and how I look at myself. Sometimes I wish I was a lot more self-assured, but I still don't think of me as such a beauty like you guys are telling me."

Then I told them all about my past and how my ex treated me. I told them about my sexual awakening 3 months ago and how I was now making up for lost time. They seemed very understanding. When I finished, Dave commented that coming back for the weekend would do wonders for my self-esteem. So I asked what they wanted in return. They both laughed and told me just to make love to me and keep me safe. It would be their privilege to expand my sexual encounters and open up another door to explore. 

When I finished my meal, I gave them my cell phone number and teasingly said, "So guys, if you can get 3 guys by noon to pay over $500 each for me tonight, I'll come back for the weekend. But they have to be someone new and not guys I've already hooked up with."

When I got up to leave, Dave told me to expect a phone call. As I sensually walked away giggling to myself, I knew that no one would pay that much for sex with me. I felt safe and would no longer wonder what being a call girl was like. It was more fun choosing who I sleep with and not doing it for money. 

Back at the office, I quickly changed into my emergency outfit I kept in the car. Without my boss being in and not a lot of client work to do, I began to relax and daydream about last night. I thought, "Oh yes, maybe I should go back. I did have fun!" 

It was around 10 am when Larry called me to confirm our lunch date. I forgot all about it and told him that I was swamped with work. He understood and I went for another cup of needed coffee. Suddenly my cell rang and I thought it was Larry again, but to my surprise it was Stephen. A big lump was in the pit of my stomach, as I half-heartedly answered it. 

"Is this Kathryn," he questioned? I said it was. 

Then he said, "I have great news gorgeous. We have 3 guys who want to meet you tonight. So if you can get off work around 3:30 pm and come to my room 658, we can get you started on your new endeavor. But you need to bring something really slutty to wear, when meeting these guys. Also, bring a nice dress for our banquet on Saturday. OK?" 

Oh no! I never thought they would really get anyone. So I asked why the guys would pay so much without seeing what I looked like. Stephen laughed and told me that they had photos that Dave took the night before to show them.

He snickered and said, "Well Kathryn, they all think you are a 10. I hope now you believe that you are an attractive women."

I thought for a minute and then remembered Dave taking photos to send to Stephen. I was in deep thought, pondering what to say and if I should really go back having sex for money. I was scared of getting caught, although, I was also very excited about guys wanting me. What to do?

Suddenly, Stephen blurted, "Kathryn this is going to be so much fun for you. So stop worrying, we will look after you and you can keep all of the money. You'll make so much, once the word gets out about you. So I'll see you at 3:30?" 

I was becoming so wet thinking about it. With his assurance, I reluctantly said, "I trust you that I wouldn't get caught. Okay? Are they cute? " 

Stephen loudly laughed and told me not to worry. Then he hung up without answering if the guys were hunks. 

Eagerly, I rushed home at lunch to look for outfits to wear. I found the white slut dress that Ken bought me when in Vegas and I've been dying to wear. I figured it would be perfect for meeting the guys. So I packed that and my short cute black evening dress, some lingerie and a package of G-string panties. Just as I was walking out, I went back and grabbed a white bathing suit that Ken also bought me and a purple net covering. I managed to fit it all in one suitcase and then went back to work. 

Around 3:00 pm I told my boss's secretary that I wasn't feeling well and left early. I drove over to the hotel and parked valet. When I reached Stephen's room, I gently knocked. I could hear them talking, as he came to open the door. Being still dressed conservatively, black pants and a red top, I could tell they were dissatisfied with my attire. Smiling, I told them that I would try on the outfits I brought, if I had time. They liked that idea. 

So I went to the bathroom and came out in my short cute black dress. They both liked it, but told me it wasn't slutty enough for seeing guys tonight. I even pulled it up to show them my black thong. Dave asked what else I had to wear.

When I came out dressed in my very short white dress, no bra and white stockings with white stiletto platform shoes, did their jaws drop. They said that was a perfect outfit for my outings and asked if I would pose for photos. So I did. 

One thing led to another and I began slowly to undress, while they took photos with their phones. I provocatively twisted and turned showing them my body, until I was almost naked. I was on my back spreading my pussy so they could take close ups. Stephen told me to turn on my stomach because he had a surprise for me. I giggled telling him that I like surprises.

Dave came out holding a red bag that looked like a hot water bottle. Then Stephen said, "I hope you like anal sex Kathryn. The first guy wants to have anal sex with you and I told him you love it. So we are going to give you a nice enema before you go on your first date. OK?"

Startled, I went to turn over on my back, but Stephen pushed me back on my belly. He told me not to move, as he put the hot water bottle on my lower back. He gently held me there as Dave inserted a tube deep into my ass. As I felt the warm soapy solution being pumped into me, I gave out a loud sigh of discomfort. Stephen was very calming by telling me that it is alright and cleaning me out will be good for everyone. So I lay steady until the contents of the bottle were all in me. Then he put an anal plug in and told me that I need to keep it in for about 30 minutes. This was how I learned to prepare for anal sex and what I still do.

Anyway, after I expelled the solution, I was now all primed for my first date. Dressed in my white outfit, Stephen told me to go to room 423 and meet a guy named Lars. He said he paid for an hour and a half. The money would be in an envelope on the dresser and to check it before starting. Afterwards, come back to the room. He gave me a room key and a box of condoms. Kissing my check, he patted my ass and told me to have fun. As I left the room, I felt like a young girl going on my first naughty date. 

I nervously knocked on Lars's door. An older, tall, slender guy dressed in a white robe opened it. He smiled and asked with some sort of accent, if I was Kathryn. Smiling I answered I was. I could tell he was happy with my looks by his lustful grin. He told me that money was on the table. Anxiously, I went over took it and put it in my purse without counting. Then we sat, got comfortable and chatted. He offered me a glass of wine and I accepted. I was very nervous as we discussed what he wanted to do with me. 

After I drank the glass of wine to calm me down, we began long passionate tongue dancing kissing. The kissing relaxed me and I became horny. When he began groping my body, it created goose bumps throughout while making me wet with excitement. His hands roamed all over my body, making us both desirous for more. When my dress was quickly removed, I spread my legs apart as he went to touch my pussy. It wasn't long before he was in between my legs, licking my wanton slit into a state of elation. I held his head tightly on my pussy, while moaning hungrily for an orgasm. My sounds of pleasure loudly radiated the room, until I gave out a huge moan and exploded with my first of many orgasms. He looked up at me, with his fingers still in me and my juices dripping down his chin. 

Smiling he bellowed, "So now that I have your attention, I'm going to fuck both of your holes, which I hope you will enjoy it just as much." 

I smiled and without answering, reached for the tie on his robe. His long slender cock stood at attention throbbing in my face. Kneeling in front of him, I took his shaft with both hands. I was amazed that he completely shaved his balls smooth and so succulent looking. I've never seen a guy all shaved for loving like Lars was. I started to slurp on his tip and with one hand I softly played with his silky balls. Oh it was so exciting touching and licking on him. Soon I was slurping more of his cock down my throat and I didn't gag like last night. He was moaning in delight, as I continued my display of adoring his big hard manhood. 

Then he yelled, "Not yet gorgeous, I want my first load to be dumped in your pussy."

Gently, he took my head off his yummy cock, but I continued to rub it. Pouting while looking up at him, I said, "But I love your cock. It is so tasty and I was getting so much enjoyment making it throb in my mouth."

He smiled and sat on the couch as I moved over to him. I went for a condom, but he stopped me saying, "The guys told me that you are super clean and you just started hooking, so I gave you an extra hundred to fuck you without one. Okay?"

He grabbed my hand forcing me to straddle over his huge pulsating manhood. Reaching for his cock, I guided it into my drenched pussy. It easily slid in. Slowly I sat down on it, until it was all the way in me. It felt so good throbbing inside that I moved off him until the tip was still engaged with my vulva. Grabbing my hips, he forced me back down as he pumped up into me. 

Now I was moaning in a state of ecstasy, begging for more so I could cum again. Boy did I get exactly what I asked for. He roughly played with my boobs as he sucked on my erect nipples. The sounds of us moaning and groaning with jubilant excitement were all that we could hear. I must have yelled how horny I was and how much I wanted to feel him cuming in me, many times. Suddenly, he picked me up.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck, as he quickly walked me over to the bed. Laying me gently down, his cock slipped out. He took my legs and pulled me to the edge of the bed. Standing in front of me, he roughly rammed it back into me. I squealed in pleasure as I placed my legs up on his shoulders. Bending me forward, he began ramming it deeper in me. With my body quivering in a state of sexual euphoria all I could do was hold onto the blanket. He leaned me forward with my knees bent so they were almost against me. 

Looking into my eyes, he said, "You are a great fuck Kathryn. I love the sounds you make when I pound that hot body of yours. It tells me that you are really enjoying yourself."

I looked right into his eyes, smiled and responded by moaning, "Oh Lars, I love feeling you in me. Oh yes, I'm enjoying you immensely. You can do anything you want to me."

He moved my legs off his shoulders spreading them wide apart. Falling on top of me, he began kissing my lips. Taking my hands he held them above my head, as he kissed my breast each one separately. He kept playing with my breast and alternating kissing my lips, as his cock was grinding in me. Holding my hands so I couldn't move, made me feel like his sex slave and I was enjoying the experience. I was in heaven building up to another orgasm. 

In a few minutes I loudly moaned, "Oh god Lars. I'm cuming again. Oh don't stop darling! Oh yes make me cum! Ah that's it!"

I moved my legs tightly against his hips trying to make him stop, while I enjoyed my orgasm. He did respond by waiting for me to finish. When I opened my eyes, I saw him staring at me with a big grin. Then he let go of my hands. I leaned up on my arms to look at his cock in me. My pussy was soaked with my love juices as I watched him begin ramming his throbbing cock back in and out of me. The sloshing sounds of sex were music that I love hearing.

Lying back down, I put my hands on his ass and pushed it to go harder into me. As he continued his pleasurable ravishing, he softly said, "Since you love fucking so much, I would love to take you back to Denmark with me for a few weeks. Elsa could keep that hot pussy of your so busy. Danish guys love American women, especially attractive ones like you." 

I was moaning in such a state of exuberance that I just wanted to feel another orgasm, so I didn't answer him. He felt so good pounding in and out of me that I just wanted him to continue without any verbiage. 

Then he moaned and grunted. I could tell that he was working up to a huge explosion of his own. It wasn't long, until he finally began his extended squirt session inside me. Oh did that feel fantastic when he did. Squirt after squirt of hot gooey cum flooded into me. When he finished, he pulled out and told me that he wanted to watch me expelling it. Quickly, he got a towel and placed it under me. I began spewing his handy work from my wanting box, making a huge puddle on the towel. When he showed it to me, I took my finger and scooped some up. I wanted to taste it. Oh yeah, it was yummy just like I imagined. 

Lars watched me take a few more fingers full of cum and sucking it off. Our eyes met as I slurped my fingers and he smiled. His eyes were twinkling in ecstasy as he said, "I see you are a girl that enjoys her work. You know you could make a lot of money if you were in Europe." 

Ignoring his quest about Europe again, I laughed and asked him how he found me. That's when he told me about over hearing my breakfast conversation with the guys. After I left, he went to talk to them about meeting me. As we rested, we chatted some more and I found out that he is a jeweler from Denmark. Again he went back to the topic of Europe. He told me that I would be popular in Denmark and I would be called a Provider. He explained that people in Europe don't look down on girls in my profession. Then he laughed and said that was where he met his wife who still enjoys Providing when he's out of town. He chuckled, when he told me about his younger sister is also in the profession. I don't know if what he told me was true or not, but it was interesting. 
