 To Horny to Say No

My sex life is never going to be the same, now that I have an avenue for meeting guys. Sunday after my Marco date, I woke up so freaking horny. The idea that I could make money hooking up with guys shocked me, but my subconscious embraced it with a few naughty dreams. When I signed into AFF, I had so many more messages waiting for me, including some from Marco wanting me to meet Vinnie. I wrote him back declining his offer. Afterwards, I spent most of Sunday writing guys back, while playing with myself. I even hooked up in a chat room and had cybersex with a few guys. I never knew that just chatting with guys would make me so hot. One guy even sent me a photo of his huge 12" cock, thinking it would turn me on. All I could think about was how much that would hurt, but also wondered what something like would really feel like. 

After my day of flirting, I didn't go back on AFF for a few weeks. All of the flirting was becoming habit forming. I needed to get control of my desires, which were dominating all of my thoughts. So I decided to regress a little. I even postponed my date with Larry for a few weeks. During this time, I concentrated on work, but when I got home I had difficulty in avoiding AFF. I managed to stay off it for 10 days. One day after work and drinking with a friend, I went into it just to see if I was still popular. Oh My God! I had over a hundred messages. I even had a message from Larry. So I decided to finally meet him for lunch.

The next week went by fast because of all of the work I had. I didn't even check emails on AFF, but did talk to Larry via text about where to meet for lunch. We decided to meet at noon at this sandwich place in Fashion Island Mall. It was about two blocks from where I worked and I was running late. When I walked by this nerdy looking guy with glasses dressed in coat and bow tie, he stopped me and asked, "Are you Kathryn?"

I smiled and answered, "Why yes I am. You must be Larry!" He smiled and told me he was. 

I told him I would be right back after I got my lunch. When I came back, he seemed so nervous and timid as I sat down. So I had to start talking nonstop. Finally he told me that I was the first girl that he has met from the site. I told him the same about him. I figured no need to tell him about my other encounter. As we discussed our jobs, he perked up and told me all about his. He was an IT manager for an insurance company. So we talked about computers. As he explained things, it went right over my head. We never discussed sex the whole time. I thought that was strange since we were meeting for a possible hook up. I told him that I worked close to him and when we finished lunch, we walked back to his building. I would have kissed him for a fun time, but instead he started to walk away. 

Suddenly he turned back to me and asked, "Kathryn would you like to go for a drink after work tonight?"

I smiled and said I couldn't because I had a hair appointment, which I really did. He seemed very disappointed so I quickly blurted, "But I can tomorrow night, if that is OK?" 

He gave a big smile, looked in my eyes and excitedly said, "Oh yes Kathryn that would be great. I'll text you where and what time?" 

As he happily went to walk away, I yelled, "It will have to be after 5. OK?" He nodded it would be. 

After my hair appointment, I got home I was becoming very excited. After weeks of abstinence, my desire to make love was taking control again. I embraced the feeling and went back online to check my AFF emails. I was so happy when many of the guys wrote back expressing a desire to meet me. As I read through them, I instantly became wet with passion. I wasn't as offended as before, when they wrote what they wanted to do to me. Realizing that there weren't enough hours in a day to meet all of them or even answer them, I needed to sleep on who I would write too. Although I became so horny from reading them, so I took my little vibrator and went to bed dreaming of so many big throbbing cocks surrounding me. 

Lying naked on my back, I put some lube on the dildo and began rubbing my clit. Oh it felt so good, as it excited me. I fantasized about a cute hunk licking my clit making me juicy wanting his big cock in me. He was bragging through the emails all week of how he was going to fuck me to exhaustion. 

Spreading my legs wide apart, I took my hand and began fingering inside me. As I held the vibrator against my nipples, they instantly became erect with excitement. Once my nipples were tantalized properly, I pushed the dildo inside me. My body quaked with pleasure as I slowly inserted the vibrating mass of plastic. Oh yes did that make me quiver in such a state of ecstasy, when I pushed the thing all the way in. My mind wondered from one faceless hunk to another, remembering their messages of how they were going to make love to me. As I pleasured my clit with one hand, I pushed and pulled the dildo in and out of me with the other. I was moaning in such a state of exuberance, enjoying my fantasy immensely. Finally, I began to shake with one massive orgasm. I laid there for a few minutes coming down from elation. Removing my vibrating friend, I rolled over and fell asleep cuddling my pillow. 

I was in such a great mood when I woke, although I did remember the last dream of being an escort. Why my subconscious kept going back to that, I have no idea. I dressed in my purple suit with sheer stockings, a white cotton blouse and a bra. I brought along a pair of white stilettos to change into later. I hoped the day would go by fast because I expected a night of debauchery. 

Ken texted me around noon and I told what was happening. He laughed and told me to have fun and called me his little "Sex Pupil". We constantly teased each other about my new sexual experiences being part of a class he was teaching and I was fast becoming his best student. I like the cute name he gave me. So I thanked him for all of his help. Then I told Ken about the escort proposal and he agreed that I should not rush into anything like that. He said it would be dangerous. He ended it with telling me to have fun and write him tomorrow with all of the naughty details. I told him I would.

Around 2 pm Larry texted me and told me to meet him at the major hotel down the street (which I won't name), because it had a nice bar. I thought that he already got a room. I instantly was moist thinking about meeting him for a drink then going up to his room. My mind began fantasizing about all of fun things that Larry was going to do to me, until my boss walked in. He told me he was leaving early and would be in LA all day tomorrow. I took advantage of his early departure and decided to leave early too. Going to my car, I grabbed my bag and quickly walked the 4 blocks to the hotel. 

I was 20 minutes early, as I walked through the bar area looking for Larry. I didn't see him, but noticed couple of guys sitting on one of the couches watching me walk by and smiled. I smiled back. 

Once I reached the Ladies restroom, I took off my bra and changed into the white stilettos. Then I did the normal prep before a date. I looked at myself in the mirror and covered my visible nipples with the jacket. If I was careful and kept it buttoned, the jacket would keep my boobs hidden, so I thought. Then I walked to the bar to wait for Larry. 

The bar was in a corner with about a dozen stools around it and 2 TV's and no room for me. Around the bar area were several couches and comfy chairs around small tables, like being in a living room. I looked around and only saw one couch open but that was across from the 2 guys who I smiled at. 

I walked over and asked if the couch was taken. The older balding guy said to help myself. He informed me that there wasn't a waitress and I had to order my drink at the bar. His friend, the taller of the two but with a pot belly said, "Now Dave, that's no way to treat a Lady." He turned to me and asked, "So I'm Stephen and my rude friend is Dave. What are you drinking and I'll get it for you." 

I smiled and answered, "Oh Thanks Stephen. I'll have an Apple Martini, that is, if you don't mind." 

Stephen got up to get me a drink. I went to sit down at the far end when Dave bellowed, "Come sit next to us, so we can chat. It's not often I get an attractive Lady to talk to." 

As I moved toward the other end of the couch, Dave got up and moved to the lounge chair next to me. He asked me my name and I told him it was Kathryn. He asked me what I was doing here. I told him I was waiting for a friend. He laughed and asked if the guy was a paid friend. A little offended, I asked him why he thought that. 

Then he replied, "Well Kathryn, I'm here on a PI seminar through Sunday. I'm very observant. You first walked through here in just regular shoes and now you have those very attractive stilettos. Also, you're advertising by not wearing a bra. So either you are a working girl or you just trying to get laid. So which is it?"

I looked down and my jacket was unbuttoned exposing my nipples from under my sheer white blouse. When I went to button it up, he grabbed my hand and told me to leave it open because I was so stunning. I figured since he was so blunt, I would give him a thrill. So giggling, I left the jacket to the side of me, showing off my boobs.

Then I answered, "Well Dave, I'm meeting someone and I want him to take me in his arms and make love to me. I just hope he finally gets the hint."

He laughed and told me that if not, he would be available to make love to me. Wow! He was so direct and I blushed. Then we chatted about their PI annual seminar and awards banquet. He has an office in Phoenix and his friend has one in San Diego. They do Private Investigation for lawyers. It sounded interesting, but also dangerous.

When Stephen came back with my drink, he couldn't take his eyes off my boobs. He didn't say much but stared at me and listened to our conversation and Dave's PI stories. They were very fascinating and even Stephen put his touches on them. We all laughed at how stupid people are.

Finally Larry arrived. Seeing me laughing with the two older guys, I guess made him a little apprehensive. I saw him stopping, turning around to leave, and then coming back. He approached me and I waved him over. When he arrived I stood up, put my arms around him and kissed him. He was so surprised when we broke for air. So I whispered, "Just tell them you are my boyfriend and go get me another Apple Marini." 

He put his arm around me and we turned back to Dave and Stephen. He smiled and said, "Kathryn, I'm sorry I'm late. Hope you can forgive me. So do you want another Apple Martini?" I nodded yes. 

Before he left I introduced him to the guys and they chatted a few minutes. Then he kissed me again and left to get me another drink. Dave then stated, "So Kathryn I'm pleased, but also disappointed that you aren't a working girl. I was fantasying about have you siting on me, while dangling those nice tat tats in my face. Your boyfriend is going to be one lucky guy tonight." 

Then Stephen added, "Yeah a little disappointing. You are stunning and have a nice set on you. So what are you doing tomorrow night?" They laughed and I giggled but didn't answer.

Larry came back and we went to the other end of the couch away from the two guys. We talked and I sat close to him rubbing my one breast against his arm. Sometime after my third Martini, he finally sheepishly asked, "So do you want to get a room? I would love to take this to the next step."

I answered, "Oh yes, Larry. That's exactly what was on my mind. Let's go up to your room." 

I can say he wasn't the smartest guy concerning women, because he never reserved a room. I was so freaking horny and really needed to feel him pulsating inside me. So I quickly finished my drink, stood, took his hand, and we went over to the front desk. I was tightly holding on his arm while we walked, because I was a little tipsy.

There was only one clerk and his name was Tim, as Larry asked for a room for the night. Tim informed us that they were full, unless we wanted the last suite. Larry asked how much. Tim smiled and told us it was $389. I could see the shock on his face, as he asked if there was anything cheaper. Tim turned to me and made a few comments about how hot I looked and had a question to ask me. 

He motioned me over to the next station, bent forward and whispered, "So Sweetie, if you agree to a little action after your friend is done, I can help. It will depend on how active you are willing to be for a reduced rate, or even free if you are really energetic." 

Oh my god! I didn't know what to say. Then he whispered, "So gorgeous, I know this isn't your first go around. It will be our little secret. He doesn't have to know and by the looks of him you're be done with him pretty quick. Just when he leaves, call me down at the front desk and I'll send a guy up. It will be lots of fun and you'll be making some money too. So what do you say?" 

I've been horny for days and he's probably right about Larry. My licentious side was screaming at me to say yes and took control. It was a chance to find out what it would be like as a working girl without any permanent commitment. So instead of being completely insulted by his proposal, I asked him who got the money. He laughed and said he would collect it and spilt it 50/50. I was so nervous I didn't even to ask how much he was going to get. 

So I smiled and timidly replied, "But I'm not what you think. I've never done anything like this before! Are you sure I won't get caught?" 

He looked down at my boobs leaning on the counter, chuckled and asked for my credit card. As he was checking me in, he rudely said, "So after your friend leaves immediately call me. Each guy I send up will have 60 minutes with you and as many pops as he wants in that time frame. I'll call you when their time is up, so you'll also know when another guy is on his way." Then he laughed and answered my question, "Don't worry about getting caught. I'll take care of making sure they aren't cops. You're going to make a lot of happy guys around here tonight. So don't worry about a thing. Just enjoy yourself." 

As he handed me my room key, he told me it's on the tenth floor at the end of the hall so no one will bother us. I asked him when I would see the money. He laughed and told an envelope will be at the front desk in the morning with a free breakfast coupon. Then he whispered, "I already have two guys asking for a girl tonight. So I know you'll have some great action."

I took Larry's hand and told him I got us a room. He asked how and I said I'm using points. He didn't suspect anything else. Once in the room, I thought he would attack me but his shyness was just too much, like he didn't know what to do. He finally admitted that he has only been with one other woman. So I took my little camera from my bag and had him take photos of me stripping. That seemed to perk him up, especially when I walked over to him and rubbed his cock a few times. Some 20 minutes later, he was more than ready to make love to me and I was so freaking hot. Unfortunately, once he entered me, he immediately came. What a huge gooey mess all over me and on the couch.

My new bashful friend seemed so flustered by me. I smiled and told him it was OK and kissed him. As I massaged and sucked on his small thin cock for some time, it finally began to grow again. So I pushed him on his back and sat above him guiding his hard tool back into my overly excited pussy. With his cum dripping down my thighs, I ground on top of him trying to have an orgasm, but couldn't. It must have been another 15 minutes that he finally began to grunt. I knew what was going to happen, so I jumped off him and held his cock in my hands. Erupting like a massive volcano, he drenched my hands while dripping all over his stomach. I got up to get a towel and came back in to clean him up. He watched as I wiped the goo from him and my hands. I told him that I was going to take a quick shower and be right back. 

As I was in the shower, he came in all dressed and said, "Kathryn, I have to go. I didn't plan on getting a room and hope you won't mind. Sorry you had to use points for the room and I will make it to you the next time. So, will you be all right?"

Being disappointed because I thought he would join me, I stuck my head out from behind the shower curtain, smiled and replied, "That's Ok Larry. I had so much fun and we can talk over lunch." 

He grinned and told me that he would meet me at noon same place and he would buy. Then he came closer to me and kissed me. As I heard the door close, I thought, "What a bummer! I'm still so freaking horny." Giggling, I thought, "I'm sure glad I have a couple of other guys' cuming to satisfy me or I would be so frustrated."

Once I dried off, I called Tim at the front desk. I heard him laugh and stated the first guy would be up in 15 minutes. So now I was going to be a paid sex worker for the first time and I was so horny thinking about it. I can only imagine what my first experience would be like. 

I quickly cleaned up the couch and then went into the bedroom to turn down the bed that I hadn't used yet. I put on just my white blouse and only buttoned the middle button, therefore being naked except the blouse and my white stilettos. I looked in the mirror and saw that I didn't have any makeup on and my hair was frizzy from being wet. 

As I put on my red lip stick, there was a knock on the door. I quickly walked over and looked through the peep hole. To my surprise and delight, it was Dave from the bar. I guess I was going to make his observation concerning me totally accurate. I slowly opened it and hid behind it. When he walked in, I jumped out and gave him a huge hug and kiss. When we broke for air I said, "I was hoping it would be you Dave," then kissed him again.

After a few more passionate kisses, he pushed me back and said, "Wow! Is that really you Kathryn? You look so seductive in that outfit. Turn around and let me look at you. Stephen will be so surprised when he comes up next."

I smiled and delightfully told him that will make me happy too. I took his hand and we walked into the bedroom. He kissed me again whispering so many nice compliments that I was becoming extremely wet in anticipation. Then told me to sit on the bed and I did crossing my legs. He took his phone and snapped a photo of me. Then he told me to unbutton my blouse and show off my boobs. He snapped another photo. Having me spread my legs apart, he took the last photo. As I sat there waiting for him, he did some things with his phone and then said, "I just sent Stephen your photos. He'll have a huge hard on by the time he gets up here."

There was a beep and he checked his text. He walked over to me and showed me what it said. "You Dog. Save some of Kathryn for me and don't wear her out." I laughed, took his phone, dropped it to the ground and gave him a big passionate tongue kiss. 

When we broke from it, I looked at the clock by the bed, and sensually said, "So you only have an hour and it's already 7:30. So do you want to waste your hour texting or making love to me?" He smiled as I began unzipping his pants. 

I kicked off my shoes and helped him off with his clothes. Soon his cock was in my mouth and his fingers were in my pussy. When he went down on me (playing and licking my clit for some time), all of my desires came to fruition. My overly excited pussy began drenching his face with a huge wet orgasm. He laughed, raised his head while finger banging me and said, "I knew you were a working girl when at the bar, but I didn't think I would have the pleasure of enjoying that gorgeous body of yours for so little." His comment went unanswered, as I kissed him and moaned for him to fuck me. 
