 Just the thoughts of that day send shivers down my spine. As I think about what happened the day I met him. I had taken the day off from work to go to my friend's wedding. I really wasn't in the mood for weddings since my boyfriend had left me for a younger woman three months ago. I was little down on love. But as I slipped into my stockings and pulled my dress on, I started to feel a little better. It had been awhile since I had dressed up or gone out. 

First let me describe myself, I am 5' 7" tall, I have red hair and hazel eyes. I weigh about 145lbs. Which isn't bad for my height. The dress I picked for today is an emerald green. It shows just enough cleavage to make a man wonder just what joys lie in wait there. It came to just about mid thigh. As I left the house I figured I might as well make the best of it. When I got to the wedding it was still early. They had a bar so I got a drink and headed toward the chairs. 

As I sat and watched the crowd begin to arrive, I noticed a gentleman walking in my direction. At first glimpse I noticed how well he was dressed. I felt a stir in my tummy that I had not felt since my boyfriend left. He was about 6'2" tall, dark hair, and a short beard. He probably weighed about 195 to 200 lbs. He had a nice walk and a real nice butt. . I have always been a butt woman, chuckling. When he got close to me I had to introduce myself. I told him my name was Tawny and I was a friend of the brides. He said his name was Ric and he was friend of Williams, the groom. 

As he shook my hand I noticed he had the softest touch and the longest fingers of any man I have ever known. I caught myself wondering if other parts of him were as long. . God it had been to long since I had been with a man. I couldn't believe the thoughts I was having at this point. He had the most beautiful gray/blue eyes I have ever seen. I ask him if he would like to join me and watch the wedding. He responded by holding my chair for me as I sat down. 

And he is a gentleman also what a nice thing to find. We chatted as the wedding took place and when it was over we went to the bar for the reception. He ask me to dance and I said yes. It was a slow song so he pulled me into his arms and it felt like I belonged there. As he held me to dance I laid my head on his chest and just kind of melted into him. He smelled go good and as we danced I slowly rub my breast against his chest. Trying to give him the idea that I was interested in him. As the song ended he ask me if I would like to go somewhere for a quiet supper. I told him sure and he said we could take his car and pick mine up later. 

We went to a little place he knows and had sea food. After supper he took me dancing at a club down town. As we danced he reached down and rubbed my ass. I wondered if he really knew what he was doing to me. I hoped that what I was feeling pressed against me was something I was going to feel in a different way soon. We danced and drank for a while longer then I suggested that we go to my place. As he drove us there his hand played softly on my knee and up my thigh. 

Once we were at my house he got out and walked around and opened my door for me. And I thought again what a gentleman he is. As I got out of the car I stumbled and he caught me. I am not sure if it was too many drinks or if I just wanted in his arms again. We went inside and I ask him if he wanted anything to drink he said coffee would be nice thank you. 

As the coffee was making I sat beside him on the sofa and we talked as he stroked my leg he said he liked stockings he thought they were sexy. I told him that if he liked what he saw so far he was going to love what he sees later. With that he leaned over and kissed me. At first it was a soft kiss just brushing his lips to mine. Then it got more passionate and his tongue touched my lips and as I parted my lips our tongues met and swirled around each other. Our tongues danced the way our bodies had earlier. One touching and caressing the other. As we kissed we moved closer till my hands were on his leg trying to feel what it was I was to have later. . 

My GOD what a kiss it was. It made my body feel like it was on fire. It ignited a feeling I had not known for sometime. He pulled back from the kiss and held my face softly in his hands and looked me right in the eyes. He ask me if this was really what I wanted. To answer him I gently squeezed the hard lump he had in his pants. And tell him the bed room is this way. 

As I lead him to the bed room he picked me up in his arms and laid me on the bed. He leans over me and kisses me again as he slowly unzips my dress. He kisses down my cheek and onto my neck nibbling as he goes. As he pulls my dress down off my shoulders his mouth follows it kissing and nipping at my skin. It feels like a burning trail as he does both sides of my shoulders. As I try to help him get my dress off he says be still my darling, let me savor this moment as I reveal your body to my eyes. Already my nipples are hard from the anticipation of what is to come. 

My breast are not large they are only a 34 C. But they still stand well on there own. As he pulls my dress down passed my breasts I hear a sharp intake of breath from him. My bra is a sheer one so he can see my nipples through it. As he unhooks it from the front clasps he is having trouble looking away from them. Your breast are beautiful darling, he says as he starts to kiss his way to them. As he caressed my breast with his hands slowly running his fingers around the outside of them. His tongue followed licking slowly around not going directly to the nipple. 

Everywhere his tongue touched it was like a shock going through my skin and making me wet. He softly licked the under side of my breast and around the outside curve. Slowly he worked his way in to the first nipple. Lightly touching it with just the tip of his tongue. Just barely scraping his teeth across it. OH GOD does that feel good. He then does the same to the other breast. By now I am very wet from the teasing he is giving my breast. He decides it is time to go lower and he starts to slip my dress down farther. As he does he again leaves a wet trail from his tongue licking its way down my writhing body. I am having a hard time laying still and not ripping my dress off so he can get to me faster. I can feel the need building up inside me as I anticipate what is coming. 

I have never been teased so much while being undressed it is a wonderful feeling. He slows down at my belly button and licks around it nipping at my tummy. Then finally he takes my dress off leaving me only in my panties and stockings. He takes his time and kisses from the top of my mound all the way down my stockinged leg to my feet and back up again. Only to do it again with the other leg. OHHHHHH DAMN such a tease he is driving me insane with his soft gentle kisses and touches. He starts biting at my panties as he slowly removes them with his teeth. Pulling them down one side then biting the other side and pulling. 

I have never felt anyone do this before. As he pulls them off I can feel his beard rubbing across my mound. Brushing across the top of my lips setting me on fire knowing he is that close to licking me. He finally pushes my legs apart so that he can settle in and lick me. He starts to slowly lick and nip at my mound. Then he slips his tongue in right at the top of my lips not yet going to my clit just teasing above it then back out. Then he licks softly down the outside of my lips. Kisses and licking where my legs meet my torso. All the way down to my ass. Then he jumps across my lips and starts back up the other side licking the inside of my thigh more then my lips. 

God I wonder if he realizes just how bad he is driving me crazy. I try to reach for his head to guide it to my wet pussy. But he just pulls back and says relax and enjoy the ride I am going to take you on. He says he wants to take me places I haven't been before. Little does he know he already has. With that he nips me on the lips not biting but pulling my lips with his teeth slightly. All the time his hands are caressing my legs rubbing softly up onto my tummy stroking my skin. Oh my the juices are running freely out of me now. As he licks up from the bottom of my pussy lips up. 

He says MMMMM you taste as good as I thought you would. He brings his hands over my legs and pulls my lips apart so that he can lick and suck on me. Slowly he slips his tongue into my hole and swirls it around. Flicking it around the very edge of my hole all the way around teasing even more then he was before. Then he finally slides up to my clit and circles it slowly with just the tip of his tongue. Just flipping it across the top of my clit. The more he does this the harder it gets if that is possible. My nipples are so hard they hurt from the pleasure surging through my body. I can only imagine the orgasm I am going to have from this man. 

And I am getting there fast. I can feel the first small waves of it starting to wash over me. Just as it starts he looks up at me grinning devilishly and says not yet baby. OH GOD NO don't stop it feels so good. I can't believe he just stopped and teased me that bad. Then as my body calms down he starts to lick again. Teasing his way down my lips tugging on them with his teeth. But he settles down and licks me like he means it this time. Going directly to my clit and sucking it up into his mouth. I can feel him wrapping his teeth around it at the base and licking hard across the tip of it with that wonderful tongue.

Rapidly he licks my clit knowing that I am going to cum. He grabs a hold of my legs so I can't move away from him. I feel it start in the center of my clit and it moves out like a fire moving through a forest. Engulfing my whole body in a spasming shaking orgasm. I can feel my legs begin too quiver. And I know my juices are flowing over his chin into his beard. He just keeps sucking on my clit while I slowly start to come back to my senses. Then he moves down to lap up the juices that are running out of me. OH! He does know how to use that tongue to bring pleasure. 

He reaches around and rubs my clit with his fingers as he licks me clean. This only causes me to jump as his touch sends shocks through me. It has been so long since I have had pleasure like this. And he shows no sign of stopping anytime soon. He is slowly licking his way down to that little spot right between my pussy and my ass. God how did he know I liked being licked there. As he does this he slips two fingers into me slowly stroking them. I start to buck my hips up at him driving his fingers into me deeper. He looks up at me again and smiles I can see my juices glistening on his face. 

Then he licks my clit again while rubbing the inside of me with those wonderful fingers. He curls his fingers up and rubs the inside top of my pussy. I never realized a man could know where my g-spot was but he sure did. He went right to it and with that and his tongue I went over the edge again. OH MY! I haven't cum like this in so long. He strokes me harder as I shiver and shake. My body has a mind of it's own at this point and he has control of that mind. . I tell him I want to make love to him now! He just keeps tonguing me and fingering me so well. As I start to come down from my orgasm he smiles and says not yet baby, I am not done bringing you pleasure this way yet. 

With that he licks down to where his fingers are inside me and licks all around them. Trying to get his tongue in there with his fingers. With his other hand he pulls my lips apart then blows softly across my clit. His breath feels so good especially when followed by his tongue again. Softly massaging all around my clit, not touching it directly. I want to feel him inside my mouth so I can give him some of what he is giving me. He refuses to turn though and says this time it is all me and too enjoy it. With that he goes back to giving me a tongue massage. 

He goes back to sucking the juices off my lips. I feel him pull back and then he turns me over. He licks down my legs saying how much he loves stockings. As he gets to the back of my knee he pauses and licks across it. As he is doing that he rubs my butt with his fingers. He switches to the other leg and starts back up. As he gets to my ass I raise it in the air for him. Giving him access to my pussy from behind. As he worked his way to my pussy he licked across my ass saying that it sure looked good. He slowly stroked my hole with his tongue as he played with my clit with his thumb. He says OH BABY I want you to cum for me again. Give me your juices let me taste them. With that he squeezes my clit between his thumb and finger stroking it like a small cock. And driving his tongue deep into my hole. I thrust my body back at him as I lose control again and drop into an orgasm that makes my head spin and I feel myself slipping into total peacefulness. I can feel what he is doing but I am helpless to stop him at this point. 

I feel myself slip into a dark quiet place as he continues to lick and suck. As I return to my senses he is laying beside me stroking my hair with his fingers. Holding me in his arms looking deeply into my eyes he asks if I am alright. I ask him what just happened he says that I passed out from the shear pleasure my body was feeling. It is a little trick he had learned in his travels. As we lay there I start to stroke his cock with my hand. This being the first time I actually get to feel it and I like what I feel. It was hard but yet it felt silky soft to the touch. It was about 6 or 7 inches long and I could barely close my fingers around it. 

As I started to go down on him he pushed me on my back and said again this is your night enjoy it. With that he lifted my legs up and put them on his shoulders as he positioned himself between them. He slowly rubbed him hard cock up and down my slit teasing me getting it wet. He would stop and rub it right on my clit making me whimper telling him to fuck me please. I need to feel your cock up inside me deep inside me. With that he slips the head in slowly and softly pushing. Damn I swear this man knows how to tease and make you like it. I try to push toward him as he enters and he pulls back and says let him do it for now. 

He again pushes more into me GOD it feels so good sliding into me. As he gets it all in I can feel his balls against my ass. Then he pulled back till just the head was in and just rolled his hips making it roll around the outside edge of my hole. Then he slowly pushed back in. . DAMN DAMN DAMN will you please fuck me baby! With that he finally started stroking into me like he meant it. Holding my legs out so that he can get in as far I can take him. I feel his balls slapping in time off my ass. OH BABY DAMN that's it YESSSSSSSSS give it to me. Feeling the head deep inside me, just touching my cervix making me quiver and shake as another orgasm come over me. He just keeps driving into me as I cum. 

As I come down again he pulls out and says turn over baby I want you from behind. As I turn over and raise my ass in the air I feel him move up behind me and slide his cock deep into me. I am wet enough from that last orgasm that he has no trouble getting in. I thrust back at him as he lunges forward driving himself deep in the first stroke. He grabs my hips as we start to fuck harder and faster. MY GOD he feels good slamming into me from behind making me his and only his. I can feel his balls on my clit every time he slams into me. I can feel my hole stretching as he fills me to the limit with his cock. He is starting to swell and I can hear his breath coming quicker. 

I can feel another orgasm cascading over me as we fuck like there is no tomorrow. Just as I feel myself go over the edge I feel his head expand and explode within me showering my insides with his cum at the same time as I go off. He screams out at the same time that I do that he is cumming. As we collapse in a pile on the bed as we are both spent. He slowly rolls off me and holds me in his arms. We catch our breath as we lay there and snuggle. I absent mindedly stroke his cock as we lay there. 

And as it starts to get hard again I bend to take it in my mouth. But then again that's another story...