 Introduction

Yawning, I yelled up to Mom "I'm going to bed!" and walked into my room. Pulling my shirt up over my head and tossing it onto the floor, I stepped into my bathroom and began brushing my teeth. Left, right, left, right. I became so engrossed in the hypnotic repetition that I stood there, brushing my teeth, staring at myself in the mirror as my mirror image brushed his teeth, that I brushed for well over five minutes. Coming to my senses, I spat, washed out my mouth, and proceeded to take out my contacts and put on my glasses. This done, I walked back into my room, stripped down to my boxers, and hit the lights. Fumbling my way over to my bed the same way I do every night, I put my glasses in their case, crawled into bed, and stepped lightly from my body into my dream…

Chapter 1: The Warehouse

For my first dream, I decided to create a possibility I've been thinking about for a long time. From white space I pulled a warehouse, filled with people (all beautiful people who love and adore me, of course) and set it down not inches from where I stood. A street followed, forming underneath my feet, to roll away into the darkness of midnight. Looking up, I flung stars into the sky. Slowly the stars began to form formations, and not just the ones that are real. 

Sure, the Big and Little Dippers are up there, near Orion, but also a few that I created. For example, three stars slightly spread out with a fourth star jutting out to the left forms Orion's Crossbow. After I finished the sky, I continued with the land. On the street I tossed lampposts, benches, and a few wastebaskets. On the still white space on either side of the street I put grass, a lake here, a copse of trees there, until all the white space had been filled, and I was surrounded by a very real Dreamscape. To add a finishing touch, I turned toward the warehouse and stretched it, so it was three stories high instead of two. Smiling to myself, I clothed myself in a pair of Vans, no socks, loose-fitting blue jeans, a slightly loose white T-shirt that said Dubonet on the back, a black bowling shirt with the number 13 tattooed largely on the back, and a black hat that said evil. on the front. This done, I turned my hat so I was wearing it backwards with a slight mental twist. I learned that little trick from The Matrix, in that scene where the little bald kid said that it's not the spoon that moves, but your mind. 

Allowing myself another smile, I formed a coke in front of me, grabbed it, popped the top, took a sip, and stepped inside the warehouse. Immediately I was greeted by the site of the afore-mentioned beautiful people (some from my real life, some made up out of bits of various female pop stars) waving to me from all over the dance floor and sitting area. Still smiling, I waved back at all of them, calling some by there real names in my real life, making up names for others, that they of course accepted. Walking over to the sitting area, I sat down on a couch (black) next to a gorgeous redhead who was strikingly similar in looks as to a girl I'd been trying to get the attention of for quite some time, with no luck. 

I said hi to the girl, after mentally naming her Erica, and she said hi back. As we started chatting, she started moving closer to me (most likely due to my mind screaming at me "You're an idiot! She's right there, and she's willing to do anything you want to do!"). Soon enough she was on my lap, during which all small talk had come to an end, and I was just staring into her eyes. Finally my mind twitched, and she bent her head forward and kissed me on the lips. As my seven inch cock came to life in my well chosen loose-fitting jeans, Erica's tight leather pants suddenly turned into a short, cheerleader-uniform type skirt, her long sleeved blouse turned into a short sleeved, low cut, very tight white shirt, and her bra turned into, well nothing. 

Erica turned so that she was now straddling my crotch, and brought her 38 C's right up to my face. I couldn't stand it anymore. I lowered my hands from her face to the bottom of her shirt and lifted up. As soon as the shirt fell from my hands, it disappeared into the recesses of my mind, and my cock took over. My hands fell all over her breasts as my mind reeled. 

Finally, something clicked, and suddenly not only was there more room on the other side of Erica on the couch, but that room was being filled, by a brunette beauty, who, interestingly enough, took an immediate interest in Erica. Before I could figure out what was going on, both Erica and the newly christened Natalie were all over each other. Tongues battling, Natalie's hands roved over Erica's breasts as Erica struggled to tear off Natalie's shirt and bra. I was too stunned by the sexiness of it all that I was only snapped out of my pleasant reverie when Natalie's hand found its way up Erica's very short skirt. I quickly joined in by removing Natalie's pants and French lace panties so that she, too, was now naked. 

The only one on the couch still clothed was me. I changed that by taking off shirts, pants, and boxers with a flick of my entirely too twisted mind. By this time Erica and Natalie had moved into a 69 position, so I helped out by spreading Erica's legs, rubbing her ass thoroughly with the lotion that had just appeared by my hand, rubbing a little on my now hard as a rock cock, and shoving in without stopping. Erica let out a little scream of pleasure/pain directly into Natalie's cunt, which Natalie took to mean suck me harder. As I approached the edge I began pumping even harder into Erica's ass, causing her to stop sucking Natalie all together so that she had enough room to moan and scream. Erica and I both climaxed at the same time, bringing screams that reverberated around the lower level of the warehouse. 

As I quickly came down from my high, I moved over to Natalie so that she could get some satisfaction out of this. Seeing as how I controlled everything, my dick was hard again within seconds. I pulled the wasted Erica off of Natalie, deposited her on the couch next to me, mounted Natalie, and began pumping for all I was worth. 

Within seconds Natalie's screams had matched and surpassed Erica's, and minutes later we both came, me for the second time that night, Natalie for her earth-shattering first. With a pleased sigh, I got up off of Natalie, kissed both her and Erica goodbye, and swept away the dream, bringing back the blinding whiteness all around me.