 Writers Notes: This story was written as an ode to a friend. It details a conversation/joke we had one night. The parts that seem implausible and slightly "odd" - are. Of course you can't drive to Jamaica in a cab. No, I don't have a shirt that says "I brake for mustard". Nonetheless, I hope you enjoy.

* * * * *

We loaded our luggage into the back of the cab. Finally we were on our way to Jamaica. Yes, in the cab. So what if it was a long drive? I had the goods to keep him amused; he just wasn't aware of it yet.

When I'd arrived to pick him up, he looked me over long and hard. I liked the way his eyes caressed my body. Just the response I'd been hoping for. He didn't say anything-- that's his way--but I could tell he liked what he saw.

He liked miniskirts, and I had bought this one with him in mind. Black, short and it zipped up the side. It couldn't have been more perfect if it had "CHRIS WAS HERE" spray-painted across the ass. I paired it with a silver baby doll t-shirt that said, "I brake for mustard". He was enraptured and there was no use denying it.

We got in the cab and started "Our Big Adventure". Finally, he spoke to me. "So, Love, what's with the miniskirt? You got a hot date?"

"Yep. Well, so far it isn't very hot, but I plan on that being temporary. VERY temporary."

With that, I removed my hand from his knee and placed it squarely in his lap. The straightening of his back told me he wasn't sure he was comfortable with this idea. I didn't wait on him to tell me No. Instead, I began to rub the growing bulge in his pants. Talk about your body betraying you. I knew this wasn't something he was accustomed to, open displays of affection bordering on exhibitionism, but his body's response was undeniable. I could see him glancing nervously toward the front of the cab…was the cabbie watching this?

With one hand, I quickly unzipped his pants to find he wasn't wearing underwear. When my 5 little fingers wrapped around him like a kid grabbing an ice cream cone, his breathing quickened and his chest shuddered. I glanced up at his face in time to see him lick his lips and close his eyes. No turning back now; I knew he was mine. 

I slid into the floor and dipped my head to take him in my mouth. My hands roamed under his shirt and over his chest stroking lightly, feeling the way his chest heaved with his now ragged breathing. My mouth wrapped around him, taking him all in – back and forth, in and out in rapid succession. I could tell he was close and I wasn't about to let him get away with this minor bit of exhibitionism. While I had him in the mood, we were going for broke.

I kissed my way up his stomach and around his nipples feeling him take in breath. He was frustrated with being so close…yet so far away. By the time I had kissed my way up to his neck, I was hovering above his lap, knees on each side of his legs, straddling him. I slowly slid down now lap to lap with him, unzipping the zippers on both sides of my skirt. 

Why are certain everyday sounds erotic like that? The sound of zippers slowly being undone seemed to have an effect on him. His eyes were riveted to my hands as they pulled the zippers up toward the low-rise waist. His breathing seemed almost suspended as he waited to see what would happen next.

I leaned in close to him, my legs finally free to allow me settle down onto his lap. My breath hot in his ear, I whisper, "I'm not wearing any panties."

A sharp intake of breath. Was that him or I as we realized our naughty bits were now touching, seemingly with a mind of their own? We obviously fit together with very little effort. Lost in the moment, I pull the T-shirt over my head to reveal the black bra he loves so much. My breasts are pushed up and together, threatening to spill over the top and expose myself to him. His hands finally leave my hips to trace the line of my collarbone. The cab's bumping rhythm seems to match our strokes and make them deeper. His head leans forward as if in slow motion licking the lines his fingers have just traced. Too close to my orgasm to stop now, I continue my frenzied pace. His eyes rise to lock onto mine and with one mind we lean in to share a kiss. Our tongues tangle and join in the soulful tango the rest of our body has already accomplished. Kissing like this feels like our souls have come together for a reunion and brought our bodies along for the ride. Moving in one accord we rush towards the finish line. 

I broke the kiss to throw my head back and whimper his name. His hands moved back down to my hips and lifted me up and down. Eyes half shut, his breathing was sporadic. I sensed his orgasm before I felt the explosion in my body. A sharp intake of breath and he half-breathed, half-moaned my name. Hearing his voice, the tone and feeling of his body pulsing in mine sent me over the edge. The orgasm took over my body, I went limp and fell onto him, shaking and shivering. I whispered praise in his ear and thanked him over and over until he covered my lips with his finger in a hushing motion and kissed both my eyelids.

Without breaking the bonds our bodies created, he put his arm around me to make me feel secure. Without saying a word, he told me that pushing his boundaries this way was OK. "More than OK", he said, confirming that we can indeed talk to one another without saying a word.

I slid off his lap; our legs still a tangled heap. He helped me wrestle my shirt back on as the cab pulled up in front of his apartment building.

"What's this?" he asked bewildered. 

"I wanted you to remember our first time and now that we have that all out of the way; let's go in so you can enjoy the second and third times."

With the wink of an eye, I threw the cabbie some money and dragged him in by the arm. 

He wasn't offering much resistance.

Yet More Editor's Notes: If you liked the story, please vote or leave feedback. With enough motivation, I may be persuaded to write a cohesive story next time. *grin*