 The sun which was shining through an opening in the drapes emitted its glow into my eyes. I quickly turned away, but the glare woke me up. I heard the shower in the other room, guessing Stephen was there. Still being somewhat tired from the previous night exploits, I didn't feel like awakening. Closing my eyes, I tried to go back to sleep. As I was just about to snooze again, I suddenly heard, "Wake up sleepy head," whispering in my ear.

I opened my eyes looking at Stephen with a big grin across his face. Reaching my hands out for him, he bent over and kissed me. It was a nice blissful kiss that sent tingles through my body. He was looking very cheerful and had a glass of this clear fizzing liquid. He told me that I probably needed something to sooth my aches, that is, if I had any. Sitting down on the bed next to me, he helped me sit up. As I did, the covers fell off my body exposing my bare breasts and I didn't bother to cover them. He instantly looked down at them with a lusty grin. I was happy he did. As I took the glass and began drinking the lemon tasting medicine, the previous night of whoring began playing in my head. Like symphony of desire, the music of making love to all of those guys echoed in me. I thought of what great fun I had and for some reason felt happy and content.

Once I finished the drink, I looked into Stephen's eyes and seriously asked, "Did I really have sex for money last night?"

Putting his arms around me, he chuckled and answered, "Oh yes Kathryn. You had lots of fun paid experiences. And today I hope you still want to continue like you promised. It's David's turn to run the show and he told me that he has a lot of inquiries about you. So are you up for some more fun?" 

Oh my god! I was a real prostitute last night. Not at all like Thursday night, when I didn't realize what I was doing. Last night I knew exactly what was happening and the scary part was that I really enjoyed it. I loved how the guys complimented me. They kept telling me about how gorgeous I was and how hot my body was. All of them treasured me and their comments built up my self-esteem. The sex was so rewarding too, knowing that these guys paid for me, made me hot. I couldn't have asked for a better whoring experience and I don't feel guilty or ashamed. In fact, the opposite is true. Instead I feel pleased with myself for making these guys happy and I'm satisfied from the massive orgasms that they gave me. So I guess one more night wouldn't hurt. It's not like I'm going to be doing this all the time. It is just a one weekend experiment. At least that was what I was telling myself.

So with him gazing into my eyes waiting for a reply, I answered, "It didn't seem like I was a working girl at all, but was just having fun and lots of yummy orgasms. I would love to continue tonight. I hope David has lots of fun lined up for me. When do you think he wants me to start?"

Stephen smiled, took the glass and moved off the bed. He told me it was after 9 am and I should get up because Dave is coming by to discuss the rest of the day and will answer my questions. 

He took my hands and gingerly pulled my nude body from the bed. Oh my god! I was sore and my legs ached as I walked. I figured it was how the guys positioned me for sex is why I was sore. Just before I got to the bathroom, Stephen stopped me. He turned me around and gave me a big hug. I embraced him back. It felt so good having him hold me. 

Then he whispered, "You are so beautiful Kathryn. I still can't believe you are with me and I've made love to you. So you have fun today gorgeous. Don't do anything you don't want to do. I'll see you just before you go to the banquet later tonight."

He kissed me and I passionately kissed him back, which woke up my sexual desires. I watched him as he grabbed his brief case and walked out the door. 

As I was enjoying my hot shower, I thought I heard a knock at the door, but ignored it. Once I was done, the room phone rang. Grabbing a towel and wrapping it around me, I quickly ran over to answer it. "Hello," I said. 

It was David on the other end. He laughed and told me to open the door. I walked over to the door with the towel barely covering my ass. With me still wet I didn't look through the peep hole and just opened it. David and an older, short stocky guy walked in. He gave me a hug and asked how I was doing. Then he introduced the other guy as Tony. Grabbing me around my waist, I held the towel over my boobs, as we went farther into the room. 

David gazed at me and said, "Well Tony, do you like what you see?" 

Tony had a big grin across his face, walked around me and answered, "Let's see! She has no make-up on, is freshly showered and very sexy legs. What isn't to like? She's cute as a button. But will she fuck me like you said?" 

David laughed and answered, "Oh yeah, pay her and she'll fuck. Won't you Kathryn?" 

Oh my god! I guess I was starting early today. He wasn't bad looking for an older guy. This is what I agreed to earlier with Stephen, so what the hell. I smiled and walked over to Tony. He was short, about my height without heels and a graying goatee. I put my hands on his shoulder and sensually answered, "You like what you see Tony?"

He nodded he did. Then I walked in front of him and dropped the towel. I could tell by his lusty leer that he wanted me. I walked up closer to him and gave him a kiss. His hands immediately grabbed my bare ass and pushed me closer to his enlarging cock. Then I pushed away from him and sarcastically announced, "If you want more Tony, you'll going have to pay like everyone else." 

After I said it, I was shocked that came out of me and clueless to why I even said it. I was acting like a money hungry trollop. Like being a real prostitute.

Tony smiled and reached for his pocket and pulled out a money clip. Taking three hundreds from it, he asked, "David is it 3 bills for one pop or as many pops in an hour for 5?" 

David answered that either one would be fine. So he pulled out two more and went to hand all five to David. He pulled back and told him to give it to me. So Tony walked over to me and gave me the money. I began to feel cheap, but also turned on. Taking the green payment, I went to my purse and put it in. Then came back to him and gave him a big kiss. I heard David say something about meeting at the pool when I was done and heard the door close behind him. 

Tony's hands instantly went for my ass again and pushed it hard against the bulge in his pants. When we broke for air I pushed away, grabbed his hand and led him to the bed. Turning to meet him, I gave him another passionate long kiss. My arms were wrapped around his neck as our tongues danced in lust. When we finally broke, I looked into his eyes and they were glistening with lust. 

I sensually asked, "So what do you want to start with Tony?"

It looked like he was somewhat shy but after a short pause answered, "You!" Then he chuckled and added, "I mean I want to play with your body for a while. It looks so inviting." 

I sat down on the bed and answered with a question, "So which part do you want to explore first?"

Leaning back on my arms, I had my knees tightly together. He looked at me and told me to open my legs. I did a little and teased him. He had an evil smile and told me to open them wider. When I did, I sat up, put my hand over my pussy and laughed. He just smiled and walked toward me and took my hand away. Then he spread my legs farther apart and began rubbing my inner thighs until he reached my moist pussy. With my legs dangling over the edge, he pushed me on my back, sat next to me and began fingering my clit and pussy. 

As he entered two fingers into my pulsating wanting cunt, he said, "What a hot pussy and it's already nice and wet. You love men playing with it, don't you?" 

I was moaning enjoying his probing and answered, "Oh yes Tony, I love a man who knows what to do with me, who knows what he wants, and entices his prey. Just like you Tony." 

That's when he stopped. He stood up and began quickly undressing. With my legs still spread apart, I sat up on my arms to watch him rushing to get his clothes off. When his shirt came off, I was surprised to the amount of hair he had all over his body. He was the hairiest guy I've ever seen. Being short and stocky with a pot belly, he looked like a cute hugable Teddy Bear and I like cuddly bears. 

Without thinking I said, "Oh Tony! Come here and let me give you a nice hug. You are such a cute cuddly Teddy."

He looked surprised, but sat down next to me. I hugged and he felt wonderful. After a few minutes, I kissed him again. As I did, he reached for my boobs and I reached for his cock. I could feel it growing in my hands. It wasn't going to be big, but it was very thick. After the kiss, I kept rubbing his shaft and looked into his lust filled eyes. I smiled and asked, "Do you like that Tony? I love playing with it. You are getting really hard."

As he roughly played my nipples he answered, "Yeah, I like it but I'd rather have it in your mouth."

I giggled and bent forward to begin sucking on him. As I looked up at him, he had his eyes closed enjoying my licking his tip like a yummy ice cream cone. His hands were now on the back of my head pushing me farther down on his manhood, until it hit the back of my throat. I gagged a little, but still kept his yummy cock in my mouth. After many minutes, he took my head off his cock and said, "You a great cock sucker Kathryn. But I want it in you. I want to feel that hot cunt around it." I just answered "Okay".

I reached for a condom and opened it. I slowly put it over his thick rod and pushed him on his back. Looking at him, I took one hand and guided it into my drenched slit. It felt great as I eased it into me. I slowly ground on it and leaned over him dangling my boobs in his face. He was looking right into my eyes with a happy lusty grin. I sat straight up and ground real hard on his cock and then started to slowly bounce. Feeling like a slut in heat, I tilted my head back and ran my hands through my hair as I moaned in ecstasy. He started to pump up into me as I ground down on him. When I lowered myself back down, I looked at him and moaned, "You like this Tony? Is this what you wanted?" 

All he did was groan. Looking up at me admiring my form, he began playing with my breasts again. Then out of the blue he said, "Oh yeah! I like this very much. You are one hot little whore with a fantastic body. And you seem to be enjoying yourself. Only thing I wish is to cum inside you. Can I do that Kathryn?" 

By this time I was speedily bouncing up and down on his cock. It was becoming very intense and I was about to cum. So I waited to answer him until I did. As I was shaking and calming a little, I answered,

"Well if you are STD and HIV free, and for another hundred, you can cum in me."

He waited until I finished my orgasm and then pushed me off. He told me to get on my back. I did what he asked, as he moved my legs apart. As he approached me to re-enter my drenched hole, his eyes were twinkling. Then he pulled off the condom. When he went to push back in me, I stopped him with my hands on his tummy. He looked down and blurted, "I'm completely free of anything gorgeous. I'm sorry I should have said that before I started to fuck you again. You are so beautiful and I can't wait to cum inside you." 

Smiling I took his cock and guided it back into me. It easily slid in. Taking my legs, he spread them wider apart and rammed it roughly in. I moaned, "Oh Tony that feels so much better. Fuck me, my Teddy Bear. Oh fuck me hard." 

He did just that. The sounds of pleasure radiated the room, as he pounded my flesh. I built up to another orgasm and just as I was shaking, I could feel his sperm engulf my insides. It doesn't happen often, but when we both came together it was fantastic. He stopped and fell on top of me. After a few minutes of trying to breathe, his shrinking cock had slipped out and he lifted off me so I could inhale.

He immediately knelt over me and said, "Wow! You are fantastic Kathryn. I've never fucked anyone as hard as I just did you. You seemed to enjoy every minute too." 

With his cum beginning to leak out of me, I sat up and gave him a kiss. Then I blurted, "Oh yes darling, I love sex with a great lover. I hope you are up for another session. I really want to feel you in me again." 

Actually I did. I was so horny from embracing my whoredom that I wanted more. He just chuckled and told me to give him a few minutes. Well, we talked little about me, but mostly him. He was happy that I like hairy men. Soon I was rubbing and licking on his cock and he rose to the occasion. He didn't seem to be interested in my ass. Instead he put a pillow under my ass and went back in my hot hole. After some time of me enjoying his thrusting, he had me turn over and finished me doggy. I came twice in that position. When he finished dumping his second load deep inside my love tunnel, we rested and cuddled. He told me he liked holding me as much as I liked being held. We both took a shower together and as he left he gave me the extra hundred. 

I was so elated about that experience and couldn't wait for more to come. So I dressed in my white bathing suit and put my purple lace covering on. Walking to the pool, I was now hungry. No breakfast and it was almost lunch time. So I stopped at the Starbucks that was in the hotel and had a croissant and a mocha coffee. That's when this guy approached me. 

"Hi gorgeous, are you Kathryn, the girl that some guys have been bragging about?" 

With a mouth full of food, I mumbled something about why he wanted to know. He told me about his friend Tony boasting about fucking this hot girl named Kathryn that just loves sex. I just smiled.

Then he said, "So if you are her, I would love to have a quickie with you, but if not I'm sorry for being so rude. It's just that you are so hot and resemble her description." 

I told him to sit down and let me finish my breakfast. Afterwards we can get acquainted. He sat and started to give me compliments making me feel so beautiful. He apologized to me a few times for being so impulsive, but couldn't help himself when he saw me. I told him that it was okay. When I finished my coffee, we went back to his room. I told him one pop was $300 and he quickly handed it to me. Soon I was sucking on his cock, covered it and planted it in me. He pumped me for the longest time until he pulled out, took off the condom and spewed his goo over my pussy. He was done in 30 minutes. I quickly cleaned up, kissed him and thanked him for the fun experience. 

As I went to walk away he blurted, "Kathryn that was one great fuck. Tony was right when he said your body was so enjoyable. I loved it when you turned over on all fours and shook with an orgasm. Damn Kathryn, you really enjoyed fucking me, didn't you?" 

I just giggled and answered, "What do you think?" Walking out the door, I quickly left for the pool. 

As I was taking the elevator down two guys were in it and asked where I was off to. I told them the pool. As I was walking away from them, I overheard one say, "Do you think that is the whore we heard about?" I didn't hear the answer or turn around to look. 

It was a nice day to lay by the pool. I saw David at the other end away from the small crowd. Some kids and a few girls at the opposite end and a couple of out of shape old guys closer to us. There was a couple in the hot tub and one girl laying reading a book on my right. When he saw me approach, he waved me over. I put my beach bag down and slowly took off my purple covering. As I sat down, I glanced over and the two old guys were sitting up watching me. I ignored their stares. 

David told me to come closer. I sat facing him with my pale skin. He asked if I needed some sun lotion. I laughed and told him that I burn easily, so it would be nice to put some on. So I moved over to his lounger and turned my back to him. He lowered my straps and began rubbing sun screen on my shoulders. Unsnapping my top, I held it over my breast as he rubbed the lotion all over my back. Thanking him, I took the bottle and went back to my lounger and finished putting on the sun screen. Every time I glanced over at the old guys they were watching my every move. I giggled to myself and decided to tease them with a little show. Spreading my legs wide apart, I positioned myself so they could get a nice view, as I put sun screen on them. When I finished I looked up at them and smiled. They smiled back. I turned on my stomach and faced David. 

He had a smirk on his face and whispered, "Did you have fun showing off Kathryn? I bet those guys are all excited now. Should I go over and ask them if they want to fuck you?" 

I laughed and said, "Oh no, don't do that. I was just having fun." 

David told me since I was late getting to the pool, he had to go to a meeting, but he would be back in a few hours. He told me to just relax and enjoy the afternoon because he had a big evening and night planned. After a long time, one of the old guys walked over to me. I could tell he was standing behind me by the shadow he made. I just stayed on my stomach and pretended to sleep.

Then he said, "That was quite a show you did for us. I just wanted to say thank you. You made us very happy. I have to ask what your name is and if you would like to join us for lunch? You would make a couple of old guys very happy to chat with such a beautiful woman. I promise we'll behave, although we may droll a little." He chuckled after he said that.

I turned over to look at up him, forgetting my top was still undone. When I did, I exposed my breasts. Quickly I grabbed my top and covered up. He laughed and told me I didn't have to do that. With his shadow blocking the sun, I opened my eyes, giggled and answered him.

"So you guys only want to talk?"

He said, "Yes that's all! Just sit with a beautiful Lady, eat lunch, and talk. I promise!"

With my hands holding my top on, I sat up turned around and asked him to clip on my back. Then I pulled the straps over my arms grabbed my bag and said, "Okay! I'm hungry. I would love to chat with you guys. It was boring just laying here by myself, since my husband left and won't be back for a while."

I know, I told them a little white lie. 

Reaching up, he took my hand and pulled me up. I reached behind me to straighten my bottom and we walked over to their area. Having a few extra loungers, I put my stuff down on one that wasn't right next to them. Then I sat on the edge with my knees tightly together. As sat there, his friend sat up and said, "Hi, I'm Marvin and you already met Gil."

Giggling, I told them my name was Kathryn. We all shook hands and then Gil asked what I was hungry for. I told him just a salad. He asked Marvin what he wanted and walked over to the food stand on the other side of the pool. There was a table covered by an awning and with four chairs around. Marvin got his overweight body up and then pulled me up. Then we sat down waiting for Gil to come back with the food. As we waited, he asked all kinds of questions. I had to lie, telling him that I was with hubby spending a romantic weekend relaxing. Then I looked sad and said something about it not being what I anticipated. We had a little argument about a girl he met here. He left in a tiff. Marvin then smiled, took my hand to hold and told me it will all work out in the end. Then he said that his brother Gil just was widowed and they are on this little adventure for a month. Newport was the last stop before they head back to Arizona. His sad story made my lie look petty. Then he started with great compliments about how attractive I am, etc.

Gil finally came back with a huge tuna salad and a glass of wine for me. Then he went back and got them some sandwiches and a few beers. As we ate, we talked about a lot of different stuff and they made me laugh. I was having a great time with these two older fun loving guys. Gil kept giving me wine and I had a feeling that it was leading up to something. 
