 They weren't even in the elevator before his hand was shoved down the back of her pants and he was groping at her ass, splaying her cheeks apart and pushing a finger up against her puckered asshole. They were in the elevator now and as the doors closed he pulled his hand from her pants and he spun her pushing her into the wall. A hand placed on each side of her face and his lips pressed to her, their lips parted each other and their tongues danced slowly but passionately around each other. His body pressed into hers pushing her into the wall, her hands came to his waste band and both pushed their way down into his boxers. She wrapped her fingers around his manhood as it went from semi to fully erect at her soft touch. His hands fell down from her face his fingers trailing down her neck and her chest to grope at her tempting breasts through her shirt, squeezing and caressing them. The elevator slowed for its final halt and they pulled themselves regretfully away from each other and turned towards the door.


He stopped to look at something so she'd slip ahead of him, and he came up behind her. A glance around to see no one and he slid his hand around her midsection, his finger grasping at the button to pop it undone and a little pull and the zipper split its separate ways. His fingers pushed under the front of her black lace thong and down around the small tuft of hair she shaved her pubic hair into. His finger came to press into the top of her slit sliding around pawing at her clit and rubbing it. She stumbled a bit but he held her up and walking straight with his arms and kept at her pussy. Another press of her clit and his finger crept farther down to press two fingers up inside of her just slightly. A small moan escaped and another stumble. He was smiling to himself its been far too long since he'd been able to take her and do as he wished. 


They came up on their car and he directed her down the passenger side, past both door and towards the hood of the car. Slowly pulling his fingers from her he stood straight behind her and worked her pants and thong down to her ankles. He guided one foot out of the pile of clothes and spread her legs as he pushed her over the side of the hood. He leaned in behind her stretching up to reach his lips to her earlobe, sucking it slightly into his mouth. Then his lips kissed their way down her neck and passing over her shirted back down to the small over her back. He trailed the tip of his tongue barely over her flesh and then down her soft inviting ass cheek. He kissed in patches all over and down the back of her thigh and switched to the other leg and slowly kissed his way back up. She crawled further onto the hood of the car spreading more to invite access to her moist pink pussy. 


He pushed his face up between her legs, his tongue flicking at then rubbing up against her clit poking out just so slightly. He planted his lips around it and sucked it into his mouth suckling on it even nibbling it slightly before releasing it again and running his tongue over it. He worked his way back, his tongue licking down to her opening and pushing up inside of her to squirm around in the love tunnel. He loved her taste and her smell, and he remembered how much he loved eating her from behind when his tongue snaked out of her pussy and across her asshole. He felt it pucker under his wet touch and he felt her tense up slightly but she didn't go anywhere, it was all anticipation. He rubbed his tongue against it for a moment, just long enough to get it slobbered up. His tongue found its way back inside of her, poking in and rolling around her juices seeping into his mouth. With a hand on each ass cheek he spread them apart, a finger from each hand moving in to press on her backdoor. He could hear her moaning and feel her trying to squirm in pleasure but her held her right there where he could work her over, his tongue sliding back out and finding its way to her clit again to flick at it.


He could feel her arching and fighting him and he knew what it meant. He flicked his tongue fast across her clit then pressed the tip down into it and rubbed it hard, the two fingers against her asshole pushing in barely knuckle deep into her rectum. Her smell got sweeter and he heard her fighting back a yell as her pussy spasm and her thicker fluids came oozing. His tongue came back off her clit to barely scoop inside her to savor her flavor before shed pushed off him and turned to face him. A silly smile plastered on her face he fell forward into him, her arms wrapping around his neck and her lips planting onto his. Theirs tongues did a sweet sexy dance between barely parted lips before he broke it off, urging her towards the passenger door. He opened the door and pushed her in head first laid across the seats. She took a fistful of seat into each hand and even bit into the cloth interior. 


He grabbed her thong and pants and threw it on the floorboard of the passenger side then he undid his pants and pulled them open as far as he could. A quick glance around to check no one was there and he pulled the boxers and pants down to his knees. He grabbed his cock in his hand, throbbing hard from burying his face in her pussy, and he looked down to it spitting right on it and rubbing the wet all over it. He climbed into the car on top of her and slid his dick between her thighs and up to the entrance of her quivering pussy. Pressing the bare head into her and pushing his cock up into her, burying himself into her as far as he could. He loved how she felt on the inside, he loved how she felt just him in her nothing between 'em. He kissed the back of her neck as he started working his tool in and out of her juicy slit. 


He was working to a steady rhythm working in and out of her, and she met every of his thrust by pushing his ass back into him eager to get every inch she could. He could hear the muffles screams into the seat and even felt her pussy spasm around his cock. He gasped for breath as he fucked her in the front seat, burying his dick into her with oomph behind every thrust. The beads of sweat found their way down his face and dripped down to her back mixing even more of their fluids. He slowed his pace and came to a stop; pulling his cock out of her she let go of the seat and looked over her shoulder at him. All he offered was a nod toward the back seat and enough room to maneuver around him and climb back there. She lay on her back watching him; she brought her knees up to her chest and held them there with her hands. Her pussy spread wide even her ass spread he could see the sexy muscle tense up and relieve. He climbed into the back and with a hand on the back of the driver's seat and one in the back window held himself over her. She moved one hand to grab his bare cock and she didn't have to pull he slid it balls deep right into her wet inviting snatch.


He bit his bottom lip as he started his thrusting his pace quickly picking up until he was slamming his meat into her pussy again. He stared down into her eyes as he gave it to her rough and fast. He could see the lust and ecstasy in her eyes, which only pushed him harder. He could feel his balls slapping her ass and sticking to the sweat every time he fucked her. She ground her hips back at him again meeting him with every thrust. The moan escaped her and she let it out loud. Hearing her in such pleasure pushed him just far enough. He threw open the door by her head as he pulled his slippery meat out and grasped it tight by the base.


By the time he'd turned around to position she had slid to the edge of the bench seat hanging her head over the edge, mouth wide open. He put the head into her mouth and pushed it to the back of her throat before he released his cum stopping grip. He pushed his cock down her throat and watched her as she jerked a bit from the gag. He'd managed to pull back and push down into her throat again before cum came shooting out of his cock into her throat. She had started swallowing the cum and he pushed his cock down her throat with it, he could see her throat swell up as he pushed down into it." Holy fuck! " It escaped out of his lips rather loudly as he twitched and pulled a softening cock out of her throat. He was smiling looking down to her as she licked her lips and blew him a kiss. He blew her one before he glanced to the right and saw a middle aged woman standing by her minivan, her hand over her preteen daughters eyes and her jaw wide open.