 The wife isn't home tonight. Guess I'll stop by the market and pick up a frozen pizza. 

I pull into the parking lot just in time to see a sexy brunette heading for the main entrance of the market. She has a short, tight black skirt on that barely covers her ample ass, black stockings that hug shapely legs, a tight sweater and 6" heels that scream, "Fuck Me". I sit in the car and just watch as she sashays into the store. I usually hate shopping, but tonight I'm feeling motivated.

I shut the car off and head for the store, trying to see which way my little tart went. She's nowhere in sight. How could she have disappeared so quickly? The place isn't all that big. I head down the first aisle, looking both directions, but not seeing her anywhere. Making my way to the back of the store, I turn the corner and see her three aisles down, disappearing around the corner. I try to look non-chalant as I walk a little faster in her direction, browsing here and there, keeping my eye on where I saw her last. Turning the corner, I spot her half way down the aisle, checking the oil products. She picks up a large container of vegetable oil and puts it in her cart, then looks around and sees me, but doesn't acknowledge me. I've been looking over the baking products, trying not to be obvious.

She heads up the aisle toward me, and notices me looking at her. I give her a quick smile, then go back to the baking goods. She strolls by, slowing down as she passes me, and gives her ass a little extra wiggle for my benefit. Reaching the end of the aisle, she starts to turn the corner, then stops, looks back over her shoulder and smiles at me before passing out of sight again. I head after her, still trying to believe that I'm here to shop, or at least look like I am. Her ass is moving in full swing when I reach the end of the aisle, taunting. I head in her direction.

A few feet down, she stops in front of the dairy section, looking back and forth till she finds what she needs....down low and in the back. I approach slowly, watching her bend over, put that fine ass in the air and lean into the dairy display. Her tits are pressed hard against the front edge of the display, shifting from one side to the other as she reaches in and finds the milk with the freshest date. I'm standing about 4 feet away now, getting a container of OJ, glancing at her and trying not to get an erection right there on the spot. Still bent over the display, she looks straight at me, smiles and rolls her ass so that I can see her panties under those sheer stockings. Her tits pop over the front edge of the display and hang there in the cooler, looking like two luscious pieces of fruit ready to be picked and gobbled up.

This is too much! This hot piece of ass is practically BEGGING me to fuck her! I look around and see a doorway covered in plastic sheets that leads to the storage area. Grabbing her by the arm I pull her back into the storage area. It's dark and cold, but my blood is hot. In a matter of seconds my eyes adjust to the darkness and see a pile of crates stacked up in the back corner, to the side of the main room behind a bin of cucumbers. I pull my little fuck-slut over and push her against the pile of crates. She goes along happily, giving me a sexy smile that gets my hormones jumping. Kissing her hard on the mouth, I grab her ass and pull her hips into me, grinding for all I'm worth. She moans and grabs my ass back. I tear at her shirt, popping buttons and ripping fabric, till her shoulders are bare and her gorgeous melons are staring at me from within their holster. I squeeze them together, forcing them out of their cups till the nipples are just visible. I grab one and pull it fully out, then suck hard on the nipple. She moans again louder, so I bite gently. Another moan, and she forces her tit into my mouth. I bite down on the nipple hard while squeezing her tit and she almost screams. The noise scares us momentarily. We stop and listen to make sure no one is coming. 

Voices approach on the other side of the plastic sheets. Dread runs over me at the thought of getting caught. But eventually the voices pass, and my hot little tart isn't interested in quitting now. She grabs my crotch and squeezes hard, almost too hard. I jump a little, and she eases up. She deftly works my pants loose and pulls out my stiff rod. Dropping to her knees, she licks the head, then down the shaft and back up the other side. I grab her hair and pull her down hard onto me. Her throat is hot and wet as I slide in to the hilt. She chokes and starts to cough, so I let her come up for air. But as soon as I'm out of her, she grabs my ass and pulls me right back in to the hilt again. I get a good grip on her hair and begin to fuck her mouth. Slowly at first, then picking up speed till I'm ramming it into her, and she's taking it like a pro.

I begin to think about that fine ass down there on the floor going unattended, and decide it's time for a little switch up. Holding her hair firmly, I pull her head off my cock, and pull her to her feet, spinning her around to face the crates. She does a spread eagle, pushing that fine ass out and up, giving me full access. I grab her nylons at the crotch and give a firm pull, tearing the fabric, exposing her firm, hot flesh. Pulling her panties aside, I sink a finger into her love hole. She's dripping wet, and pushes back into my hand as I begin to finger-fuck her. Two fingers, then three and four slide up into her clutching snatch, stirring her juices, causing her to whisper to me to fuck her hard. I pull my hand away, and replace it with my cock. One push and I'm all the way in. I let it sit there a moment, taking in the feeling. She begins to grind her pussy into my turgid unit, sighing and moaning. I respond by humping, slowly at first, then getting my stride. I grab her by the tits and pull down hard against my groin. She rolls her ass up and pushes into me, getting the full length of me.

Again we hear voices approaching. We stop what we are doing and wait till they pass. But instead, the plastic sheets push open, and two stocking guys enter. They are talking about their girlfriends, and how they both got laid last night. They don't notice us as they head back to the dock area for a smoke. The fear subsides a little, as I get used to the new circumstances. Slowly, I begin to pump into my lovers pussy, just enough to feel the movement. Her hand comes up and strokes my face, indicating that this works for her. We keep up this slow, steady pace until our company heads back out onto the floor. Then with a sigh of relief, I give her a big hug and gently grab her breasts. She puts her hands over mine and squeezes hard. I can feel her nipples getting harder and larger with all the excitement. Before long, we are back to banging hard, my dick coming out till just the tip is touching her outer lips, then driving all the way in deep. She begins to moan softly, then louder and louder. Her ass pushes back faster and faster as she gets more turned on. I begin to feel spasms inside her slick walls. Her breath gets short an uneven as the first wave of orgasm begins to roll through her body. Soon her pussy is flexing and juices are practically spurting out of her. 

After several minutes, she settles down and begins to breathe normally again. I slide out of her, still hard and very excited, but needing a break. Looking around, I see the open bin of cucumbers and get an idea. I walk over and search through the bin for just the right shape; longish, somewhat slender and with lots of bumps. I pick it up and look it over, making sure she sees what I have in mind. She smiles and winks at me, as she fingers her juiced up pussy lips. I bring my new friend over and introduce her. She grabs hold of it with both hands and sucks the end, looking at me with eyes that smolder. I couldn't dream of a hotter piece of ass! 

She guides my hand to her crotch, where my fingers slip around on her juiced up skin. She pushes my hand out toward her knee, supporting her leg and exposing her pussy. As I reach her knee, she directs our newfound friend down between her tits and rubs it as if it were a cock, checking my eyes to make sure she's having the desired effect on me. She brings it back up to her puckering lips and gently pushes into her mouth. Further, a little further, then a little further still. This vegetable, which started out at 12" in length is down to just enough to hang on to. This girl is incredible! She pulls the bumpy cuke slowly out, letting her lips pull with the bumps, leaving the surface slippery with her saliva. Pulling her panties far up to the side, she guides this piece of vegetable up into her cunt, a little at a time, enjoying the bumps as they rub up against her clit. My eyes are glued, and she loves me watching her do herself. With the cuke pretty far up inside her, I let her leg go, and turn her around again to face the crates. 

I rub my cock up and down her ass crack, enjoying the feel of those firm, flexing globes. She relaxes, then tightens her cheeks, letting me drop in, then trapping me there. Moving inside her butt, I can feel the tip of my cock rub against her pucker. She relaxes her buns allowing me to fall away, and rolls her hips back, giving me full access. I grab hold of my manhood and guide the tip to her sweet little ass hole. She is tight, but pliable, as I push gently into her. She looks back at me with a hungry look. A little more force, and I sink in another inch, then pull out slowly and rub up inside her ass crack gathering lubricant. She is so juiced up that there is no problem getting inside her. I go in again, this time pushing a little further. She begins to rock, rotating her hips, forcing me to go in at a different angle, pushing me against her inner walls. All of a sudden, I feel something move inside. I open my eyes, and see that she is supporting herself with one hand, and working the cuke with the other. I can feel the bumps moving around inside her. It's incredible! Like her pussy has come alive and is massaging me from inside. We begin moving together as in a dance, her ass pushing into me, fucking herself in front, and me fucking her from behind, slowly at first with long strokes, then faster and faster. She begins moaning long and low. Between the squishing sound of the big green toy going in and out of her sopping hole and those low guttural moans, my balls begin to tighten. I can feel the hot fluid rising up in my cock. Her breath becomes short and uneven, and I can feel her spasming again for the second time in under an hour. She lets out a cry, not quite a scream, as her orgasm overtakes her. Taking my cue, I bury myself deep into her ass, filling her anal canal with hot jism. With every pump, another shot blasts out of my raging dick. The spasms continue, even after my load is gone.

Eventually, I fall against her, stroking her back and neck, realizing her shredded blouse is soaked in our sweat. She reaches back and pulls my head gently into her shoulder. Her natural scent, mixed with the smell of sex is intoxicating. I begin getting hard again inside this beauty's ass, thinking I could go another round.

Just then, we hear voices again. Thinking they may pass by, we wait. But instead, the plastic sheets begin to open, and in come the two stock guys who came through before. We duck down and wait till they are out on the dock, then try to pull our clothes back on. I remove my jacket and wrap her shoulders, covering up her torn blouse. We sneak out of the warehouse, through the plastic sheets and out into the store. Browsing the shelves we try to look like we are there on a typical shopping run. We make our way to the front of the store, through the entrance and out into the parking lot. The laughter bursts out of us as soon as we are outside. The thought of what we just did is beyond anything I could have ever imagined. I consider inviting this luscious young woman back to my place, but an image of my wife and kids creeps up on me. A feeling of guilt comes along with the image. I hug her tight, and kiss her deep and long...our last kiss.