 This story is the last part to the series of me experimenting as sex worker. I hope you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing about my experiences. I recalled being so pleased by making two old guys happy on Saturday afternoon before my big night as a working girl. I know they would remember me forever and that has always been a big turn on for me. After my afternoon flings written in part 3, it is now time to continue the story. 

I was prepared for sex like before (enema, bath, and shaving). Wearing my short black cocktail dress with sheer black stockings, 5" black platform stilettos and no bra, David made a comment about how luscious I looked. Since it was my last night as a call girl, I asked again what was going to happen this evening and hoping it would be similar to the night before. 

David laughed and answered, "Well gorgeous, we are going down for cocktails in 15 minutes where you are to flirt with as many guys as you can. Then dinner with me and Stephen at the banquet, and you'll have to listen to some boring speakers. Afterwards, we'll get you started on making some money. Are you okay with that?" 

I smiled and replied, "Oh yes! I'm becoming horny thinking about it and maybe will get to have fun with more guys this time. Last night I only had a few guys to play with and I didn't want to quit. I just hoped tonight would be different." 

He had one of those laughs like he knew something I didn't. Then Stephen walked in. Looking at me, he blurted, "Oh Kathryn, you look fantastic. All dressed up and ready for action. You look so seductive and I bet guys will be undressing you in their minds all night long. Maybe I shouldn't share you but keep you for myself."

David quickly bellowed, "Oh you can't have her tonight. It's my turn. Remember our agreement. Also, she's going to be very busy having fun being the groups H & D. Why do you think I rented the suite?"

Stephen elated expression of seeing me, instantly turned into a sad look. As I was smiling and acting jubilant about being their date tonight, that exchange surprised me. What weren't they telling me? Turning to David, Stephen angrily said, "So this was your big plan, having Kathryn become an H & D girl. I thought we were just going let her experience some harmless escorting and not that?" 

Before another word was said, David grabbed Stephens arm and dragged him into the other room. I couldn't here the argument that followed. In few minutes Stephen walked out, came over to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Looking into my eyes he said, "So have fun tonight Kathryn. Remember if it gets too much for you; just tell David that you are done. Okay?" 

His comment made me uneasy about what was happening, so I asked Stephen what he meant. He smiled and told me not to worry; it's just him trying to protect me. He just would have done things differently granting my wish to experience being a call girl. He continued to assure me that everything would be alright and for me to just enjoy myself. Then David came out and we all went down to the banquet. 

When we arrived there was already a line for drinks. Stephen asked me what I wanted and I just said a glass of blush wine. The small banquet room was becoming crowded with guys and some having dates. That's when David started introducing me to a lot of the unattached guys. I could tell by the lusty smiles that they were pleased with my looks. What was strange, were the sexual innuendos made by some of the guys. After my second glass of wine, I got used to the comments and began flirting back. With my third glass of wine, I was feeling frisky and was introduced to a guy I'll name as Doc Jay. 

He was a nice guy maybe in his late thirties with a goatee and long wavy black hair tied in a pony tail. He had a strong voice that made me pay attention to him. It was strange that David left me talking to him, instead of the rush introductions I was having. I spent a long time getting to know him. He had a PHD in psychology and was here to speak on the criminal mind. But he told me that he also helps people with hypnotic therapy. Now that interested me. So I asked if he could help me with my lack of self-esteem issues and the massive guilt problems that I felt after having sex. He chuckled and told he could try, but not everyone is susceptible to hypnosis. I asked if he could try later. He took my hand and told me he would try right now. 

So we left the banquet room and found a quiet spot at the end of the hall away from everyone. I sat in a chair and he knelt in front of me. Taking my hands with my palms up, he began to gently rub the middle of them and told me to look into his eyes. Then he softly spoke, telling me to keep looking into them as he counted backwards from a hundred. Soon I was asleep. Now the weird part, I don't remember anything he told me. I just remember, waking up feeling very happy, relaxed and sexually aroused. He was now standing over me asking how I was feeling. I told him that I felt energized. Then I asked, if I was easy to go under. He laughed and told me that I was a great subject and he hoped what he instilled in my subconscious will help me. I asked what that was. He chuckled and said it would become apparent later. Then I saw David walking toward us and yelling that dinner is being served. Oh my god! How long was I under? As we were walking back, David asked Doc Jay how was the session. Doc Jay whispered something in his ear that gave David a big smile. 

I sat between Stephen and David with Doc Jay sitting across from me. There were a couple and two other guys sitting with us. We chatted about their boring bounty business. The two scary looking guys kept staring at me with lusty smiles, which made me uncomfortable. So I wouldn't bore you concerning the over 2 hours of dinner and the speakers. Here is what happened afterwards. 

Just as the announcer said to stay and have fun dancing to the DJ, David began gently rubbing my leg. It instantly gave me a sexual rush like an electric charge running through my body. I've never had such a reaction to someone touching my leg before. I took his hand and tried to stop him. He moved over to me and whispered, "But Kathryn, don't you like the feeling?"

I looked into his eyes and they were twinkling, so I removed my hand and allowed him to continue. It did feel fantastic. As he gently massaged my leg, I slowly spread them apart. I didn't even notice Stephen leaving and Doc Jay taking his place, until he began massaging my other leg. Pulling them further apart, they gently rubbed my inner thighs. Turning to look at Stephen, I was surprised to find Doc Jay. 

Looking into my eyes, his soft voice said, "Kathryn, you are going to immensely enjoy the evening ahead." 

I know he said something else, but I still can't remember any of it. I came back to reality, when he kissed me. And that kiss sent electric sparks throughout my body that made me so very fervent. I passionately kissed him again and it did the same thing. The third kiss made me completely sexually charged and compliant. I turned over to look at David and he was grinning from ear to ear. Then he kissed me, as his hand reached my wet panty. Oh yes that felt great too and I wanted it to continue. I've never been so freaking horny by just kissing guys, as I was that night and I didn't care who was watching. I was becoming very submissive to their quest of exploring my body in public. 

They stopped massaging my inner thighs and I looked up. Those two guys from my table were standing behind David, looking down at my legs spread wide apart and my dress pulled up to my waist. During dinner I thought they were creepy looking, but now I smiled contemplating having sex with them. Oh yes sex is what I wanted and I didn't care who with. Even with those two eerie acne scared faced guys. My body was sexually over charged and amenable for some passion. Turning to David, I suddenly blurted, "Oh My God! I'm so freaking hot. I hope you are going to do something about it?" 

He didn't answer but chuckled and had me stand up. I didn't bother to pull down my dress, as David held my arm and we walked to the elevators. On the way out of the room, a guy asked David if it was about to begin and David answered he would text him when it was his turn. As we were waiting for the elevator, David whispered in my ear, "You are about to experience what being a working girl is really all about. Not like last night when Stephen pampered you with just dates. Tonight you'll become the whore I know you were meant to be. I know you will enjoy every minute of it too. After tonight, you'll never be that innocent girl again. In fact you may enjoy it so much, that you'll thank me for creating a new career for you." 

The elevator door opened and without me saying anything back to his comments, we walked in with those two guys following. Instead of me being in the back, they let the two guys stand behind me. As the elevator was riding up, they began pulling up my dress to grope my ass. It felt great with them touching me and made me very horny. They looked at my bare ass with the G-string tightly embedded in my butt and commented about how sexy I looked. Then they each gently slapped my ass. Afterwards, I felt one of them began reaching between my legs and touching my panty that was covering my wet pussy. He bent my upper torso forward, pushing my ass back toward him.

"She's already really wet," he screeched. "I'm going to really enjoy fucking this H & D." 

David answered, "She's always wet when she knows she's going to be fucking all night. Isn't that right Kathryn?" 

"Oh yes," I replied. It was the first time he actually told me that I would be passed around all night. Even with the sex talk I still thought it was going to be like with Stephen the night before. That was lots of fun. It still hadn't sunk in my brain to what was going to really happen. But with this guy moving my panty to the side and fingering my wet slit and it feeling so good that I blurted, "Oh! I'm so horny. Yes finger me. Oh god I want it!" 

Finally we were back in the suite. The four of them stood around me like a pack of wolfs ready to devour their prey, which was me. While smiling and sensually running my hands through my hair, I slowly turned in a circle looking at them. David began telling everyone that they would take a turn in order and not all at once. The fee would be 12 dollars a minute with a hundred dollar minimum. That way they could stay as long as they wanted or could just use me as an H & D girl for the minimum. Doc Jay was to go first and then the other guys in order. 

One guy asked if they could see what I looked like before I started with Jay. So David turned me to face them and standing behind me, unzipped my dress. Then he whispered for me to take it off. I pulled the straps down over my arms. As it fell to the ground, I covered my boobs with my hands. David kissed my neck, which gave me another rush of lust and pulled my hands away from my breast. I smiled as they leered at me. I knew exactly what each guy was thinking about, which strangely excited me even more. So I began slowing playing with my boobs and gently pulling on my nipples while moaning, "Oh yes guys! I want to feel you touching me like in the elevator. I'm so horny and will do anything you want."

That's when Doc Jay took my hand and we quickly walked into the bedroom. He pulled down the sheets, had me sit next to him and then he kissed me again. Just like before an electric sensation charged my body full of lust. I put my hands around him as we kissed and kissed for what seemed like eternity. When we broke for air, he stood and began undressing. As he did he told me how beautiful I was and thankful that he had the hypnotic session with me. As he walked toward me I asked him why that was important. He took my hands looked into my eyes and whispered, "Because you were easily influenced. Don't worry; the suggestions won't make you do anything you wouldn't normally do. They will only enhance your experiences and heighten your responses, that is, if you were already agreeable to it. By your responses to our earlier stimulus, I know you are going to have one very enjoyable evening." 

Sitting next to me, he softly kissed and nibbled my ear. His hands roamed to my breast as he gently fondled one and then the other and whispered that he was going to make love to me, instead of just fucking me like the other guys will be doing. Lowering his head, he began sucking on the nipples swirling his tongue over them, and making them stand erect wanting more. I began sighing in pleasure as he kissed down my belly and to my pussy. He pushed me on my back, reached under my ass, and pulled off the panty. Lowering his head in between my legs, he began licking and flicking his tongue over my clit, which had me quickly humping his mouth. As his fingers began playing with my swollen pussy lips, I was yearning for more. I started moaning, humping his mouth more vigorously, and experienced my first orgasm of the night. I was in heaven. He continued tantalizing my pussy, as my brain absorbed his earlier comments. Oh yes, it was very enjoyable, as I shook with my second orgasm. Taking my legs, he pushed them apart, stood in front and mounted me like the whore I was about to come. Pushing his cock deep into my pulsating drenched cunt, he didn't move. I wanted him so bad to begin fucking me, but he stayed motionless for a few minutes.

Oh my god! That drove me crazy so I blurted, "Oh fuck me Jay. I want you to fuck me! What are you waiting for?"

He chuckled and told me to relax because he was making love to me and not just fucking me like some sex starved cunt. So he started to slowly move in and out. I wanted him to really pump me hard, but instead he took his time, until I couldn't stand his slow deliberate pace. I began moving my hips faster on his cock hoping he would really drive it in me. Finally he blurted, "Okay Kathryn, you want to be fucked instead of loved. You wish is granted." 

He pulled out of me and put his cock in my mouth and demanded for me to suck on it. I did slurping it and moaning how yummy it was. Then he had me turn on all fours and he put it back in. As he pumped me faster and faster, he began slapping my ass telling me what a horny whore I was. As he held my hips, he fucked me hard and fast for a long time. I was moving in unison with him, while moaning and loving every minute of it. I was having a huge orgasm from it too. After some time he slowed the pace. I guess taking a breather for the finale. Then he slapped my ass and told me to fuck his cock. So he stayed steady as I moved back and forth grinding on his cock faster and faster. Suddenly, he grabbed my hips and began speedily fucking me until I felt him erupt, squirting a huge load of cum deep inside me. When he finished squirting a few times, he shrunk and fell out. He told me to stay up on all fours. I looked back as he stuck his head out the door and yelled, "Who is next. She's begging for another load."

Doc Jay went to the bathroom as both guys walked in. Seeing me up on all fours with cum dripping out of my pussy, one of them chuckled and said, "I see David didn't lie. You are the perfect H & D girl." 

I turned back to watch him get a towel thrown at him from Doc Jay, as left the bathroom. They both stood behind me and told me to dump his cum out of my pussy. As I did, Doc Jay yelled, "Hold it Kathryn! We shouldn't waste any of it." He quickly left the room. 

When he came back in, he had a wine goblet and placed it under me. Then he told me to continue spewing it out. With the towel one guy wiped the last bit of goo from me and had me suck on his cock to get hard. Then he pushed his throbbing rod in me. As he began to slowly fuck me, I turned back and moaned, "Oh yes, I love it. You are so big. Yes fuck me! I want to be the perfect H & D girl, whatever that is!" 

As he held my hips and listened to me moaning, he laughed and answered, "Exactly what you're doing tonight Babe; being a whore. You have such great body and pussy for humping. Then we dump our loads in you, therefore H & D girl. No one is going to use condoms and David told us you aren't on the pill. So maybe with all of our seed dumped in you, we will create a little unwanted bundle." He laughed and so did the other guy. I couldn't answer because now I had a cock in my mouth.

Holding my hips, he began to speedily take my body, until I felt him spewing his seaman deep inside me. When he pulled out, he placed the goblet under me and I pushed his goo out. I went to lie on my side, but instead his friend told me to get back on all fours. He dragged me to the edge of the bed and stood behind me. Then he pushed into me. He pounded in and out of me like the other guy as I moaned in elation, but was different. He didn't slap my ass. I began to enjoy him and started to build up to another orgasm. Soon I was shaking in sexual bliss. Soon afterwards, he began squirting in me. I still love that feeling of cum being gushed in me. As before, I spewed his goo into the goblet. 

David came in laughed and said, "So now you know what an H & D girl is. I could have called it 'The Making of a Whore' but that seemed redundant, since that is what you already agreed to become."

Those two guys asked if they could make me drink their seaman from the goblet. So David turned to me and asked, "Is that okay with you Kathryn? We have some time before another couple of guys show up. It's not like you wouldn't enjoy it, because I know you were swallowing a lot of cum the last couple of days. So what do you say?" 

I was sitting up looking at them and pushed my arms out like I was reaching for it. David took it and handed it to me. Just as I was about to taste the goo, Doc Jay walked over and poured some champagne in the goblet filling it up to the top. Then he laughed and said, "Now you have a sperm cocktail. It should be very tasty to drink."

Well the aroma of the mixture was more pleasing, so I started to sip it. They yelled to gulp more. So as I was drinking the yummy blend, they were chanting and hooting for me to drink every drop. I did and swallowed it all. Then I heard a voice from the doorway saying if this was the right place. David went out and talked to him. As soon as the others left, he came in and began undressing. 

He was a tall guy with a few tattoos and a long but not thick cock. I turned on all fours, but he told me in a sexy French accent that he wanted me on top facing him, so he could look at my body as he fucked me. He lay on his back and I straddled him. Holding his cock I guided it into me. Moaning with elation of feeling him in me, I slowly began moving up and down on his throbbing extremity. It felt so good. I looked at his expression of delight and listened to his grunts of joy, which made me build up to another fantastic orgasm. It wasn't long that I shook again with the ecstasy from feeling his cock rubbing against my g-spot. I knew he felt me shaking with my orgasm because he stopped pumping up into me and said, "It's nice knowing that I can make you cum. Most girls of your persuasion don't." 

He waited a minute then started pumping up into me as he played with my breast. I kept grinding on his cock, while loudly moaning and enjoying his throbbing manhood impaled deep in me. But I knew my job was to get him to squirt a load in me. So I started to talk dirty, telling him how great he felt and how much I wanted and loved him fucking me. With my nasty verbiage I began to hear him grunting and suddenly feeling him shooting his seed up into my drenched hot box. I was a good little girl making him cum and thought he was done. But instead he stopped for a moment, sat up and pushed me on my back. Then he quickly went back into me and began thrusting in and out, back and forth, and grinding his long cock, while filing my pussy with heavenly bliss. 
