 After several months of chatting and getting to know each other, exchanging of pictures, playing online which got really intense, then phones call which even got sexual, the mind and hormones are pretty intense for both of us to meet. 

I take extra care at dressing, wanting to excite you when you first see me. All day long I am getting ready, my anticipation and excitement building, in fact several times through the day, just thinking about things we have talked about or recalling how you sounded, the moisture between my legs made me want to relieve the anticipation. I restrained myself wanting to stay on the high that I felt. I check the time and know I only have an hour before I have to pick you up at the airport. I finally put my clothes on. I wear a black short skirt, a light tan colored pullover top that is low cut. I have on a black lacy bra and matching bikini panties, black thigh highs and high heels that match my shirt. I spray myself with perfume lightly; it’s called Poison. 

I get to the airport and when I see you, a big smile comes across my face and my eyes dance with excitement. You walk up to me smiling and I can see the same excitement in your eyes, and I know if we were alone, our hands would be all over each other at that very moment. We exchange greetings, smiling at each other and embrace, the first touch is like a jolt and we both look at each other knowing we need to leave quickly. 

We put your bag in my trunk and get in my car and as I start engine but before I pull off, your arms go around me pulling me into a deep intense heated kiss. My arms instantly wrap around your neck, my heart is beating rapidly, and I feel butterflies in my belly. My entire body is saying “I want you now!” After the kiss finally breaks, both of us our breathless.

“So are you hungry?” I ask with a teasing grin on my face, as I am pulling away and driving to restaurant.

“Very hungry. And you?” You reply and your hand is at my knee slowly working it’s way up. You have the look of intense desire on your face and you can feel my leg tremble as you slowly caress lightly up my leg.  

“Getting hungrier all the time.” I say in a sensual tone, my legs spread slightly.  

“And what’s on the menu for dinner?” You ask softly, your hand is now caressing my inner thigh and I am fidgeting in my seat as I drive. I can already feel the moisture on my panties and my hips slowly begin to rock trying to urge your hand up. 

“I’m not really sure, but I definitely know what dessert will be.” I reply with a teasing grin, my eyes bright as I look directly into yours and then to the bulge in your pants. 

“I think I would prefer dessert before dinner.” You say and then I feel you slip your hand beneath my skirt and caress across the top of my panties. I cannot help but move against your hand and let out a soft moan, your touch is almost electrifying. 

“I do believe dessert might be best first.” I say continuing to go back and forth looking at where I am going and at you. My one hand leaves the steering wheel to rub across the tent in your pants, and you gasp slightly moving your hips forward to press against my hand. I grasp your erection through your pants and squeeze slightly, then rub more. I am now pulling into the parking lot of the restaurant that I have driven too. 

“Darlin, you have made it very difficult for me to walk in there.” You say in a low tone, your desire obvious. I park the car at the same time I feel your hand slip inside my panties and your finger rub up and down my slit. You can feel how wet I am and a moan escapes me, my head goes back slightly, at the same time my hips press against your hand. My hand grasps your cock more firmly, rubbing, and I can feel you trembling as you lean close to me. 

“We better stop so we can go inside.” I say, but my voice is only a whisper without conviction. My hand is stroking you even more firmly and I know I want to feel you inside me very soon. 

“Yes we better.” You reply, now leaning over where I feel your breath on my neck and earlobe and then you are kissing my neck. With a quick movement, you thrust two fingers deep inside my pussy and my body instantly contracts and I cry out. My body shakes, my hand on your cock grasps tightly. With several quick thrusts, my entire body is trembling with orgasm, my other hand is gripping tightly to the steering wheel, my head is thrown back and my hips are arching and rocking against your fingers. 

“Oh fuck!!!!!!!!!” I moan, my orgasm intense, my pussy clamping down around your fingers.  When you finally stop and I start to calm down I glance at you and see the smile on your face.

“I guess we could skip appetizers now.” You say grinning. Your lips meet mine; again our kiss is intense. We then get out of the car and head for the restaurant.

We are walking arm in arm as we are guided to our booth, which we sit across from each other. The waiter then asks for our drink order and leaves to let us look over the menu. We talk as we look over the menu, glancing and smiling at each other throughout. Our conversation continues to keep a sexual undertone of flirting and teasing. 

“Still hungry?” I ask with a teasing grin. I cannot help but slip off my heel and run my foot up your pant leg. My foot then goes further up and rubs across the crotch of your pants. I can feel your semi hard cock growing as I continue to rub there. 

“Yes I am even more so.” You say raising your eyebrows to look at me above the menu. There is a devilish look in your eyes. “And we need to take care of that before I can eat dinner.”

“Yes, I think we do.” I say, understanding the underlying meaning of your words. The waiter returns with our drinks and takes our food order. When he leaves, with a naughty grin on my face, I let you know that I have to use the restroom and then I leave the table.  

The restrooms are down a hallway at the back of the restaurant and I wait for you outside them, which only takes a minute for you to appear. You glance into the men’s bathroom and notice it is similar to those in homes, not with stalls, just one room with sink and toilet.

“How convenient.” You say grabbing my hand pulling me in with you and then lock the door. You immediately push me against the wall, your lips crush against mine, and my arms go around your neck.

“Oh God how I want you right now!” I whisper, kissing you while my hands reach down and unzip your pants, releasing your cock from them. One of your hands is caressing and squeezing my breast, you can feel my nipple hardening with your touch. Your other hand has slipped inside my panties, your hand rubbing against my pussy and your fingers slipping inside my moisture.

“I need to fuck you now, darlin. I can’t wait any longer.” You say in a low aroused tone. You quickly spin me around, my hands go against the wall and I feel your hands pulling down my panties to my knees. You can tell how excited I am by the sound of my breathing and the soft humming noises of pleasure I am making. I am leaning over some and my back is arched, my legs spread with anticipation.  I feel you rub your cock up and down my slit just once and then press it into my entrance. 

“Yes, yes, fuck me now.” I cry out softly as I feel your hands grip my hips and at the same time you pull me back I feel your cock thrust hard into me. You continue with steady thrusts, fast, hard and deep, my hips press against yours meeting your thrusts. Both of us our breathing hard, humming with pleasure and I can feel your cock swell inside me, my pussy vibrating around it trying to hold it in.

“Oh Fuck!!!!” You say, thrusting hard, then your body jerks, I feel you shooting your seed inside me and I’m moaning with pleasure, my pussy gripping you as it spasms around your cock. It seems like a lifetime as we both explode in pleasure and as we begin to calm, your arms go around me, squeezing my breasts and your body is pressed against mine. 

“Damn, you are good!” I whisper. My arms reach behind and around your neck. I turn and our lips meet again passionately. We let go of each other and you slip my panties off all the way and grin at me as you slip them inside your pocket. I shake my head giggling softly as you do that. We then straighten up and I leave the restroom first and go back to the table where I find our food is just arriving.  

“Mmmm, now I’m suddenly starving.” You say with a smile as you return to the table.  

“Me too and after what just happened, we better eat. I have a feeling we are going to need the energy.” I say smiling at you.

We laugh and talk through dinner, sharing with each other things about our life and what we enjoy. We continually are glancing between each other; our eyes give away to what our thoughts may be. As we finish our dinner, I can already feel the anticipation and sexual tension in the air at what the evening may have in store for us. We leave the restaurant, arm in arm, laughing and teasing like kids, both of us more relaxed and obviously enjoying being with each other.  

“Do you know how much I’m looking forward to getting you out of those clothes and seeing what you look like naked?” You ask me as we drive to your hotel suite. Your hand softly grazes across my knee and rests high on my thigh, once in awhile your finger brushes teasingly against my bare pussy sending shivers up my spine. Each time I look at you I see that you are grinning wickedly.

“Uhmmmm, and do you know how horny you are making me right now, just thinking about it.” I say, squirming in my seat as you again tease my naked moist pussy with your finger. 

Your hotel is close by and I now pull up and park the car. We grab your bag and the one that I have brought with and we walk inside. You check in and then we are alone in the elevator going up to your room. You pull me tightly to you and we are kissing, long, our tongues exploring each other’s mouth. The kiss is wet and passionate. I can feel your erection beneath your pants as I rub against you. Your hands then move to cup the cheeks of my ass, pressing me to you making me rub myself against you even more. We are completely emerged in our passion for each other when the elevator door opens and are unaware of it until we hear an excuse me cough. Looking up, we see a couple that are waiting for us to either stop or get off the elevator. We both smile and quickly exit, but giggle with each other as we make our way to your room.

Your room is large, with a king size bed, several chairs and tables, and also a well stocked bar. The bathroom is huge also as it is needed for the very large Jacuzzi that is in it that you had requested. We look around, both pleased at the room and then you walk up to me. You brush your lips across mine softly this time and then we are gazing into each other’s eyes.

“Slowly this time?” You ask softly but it is mostly meant as a statement. Your lips then kiss along my neck softly and I hear you breathing in the scent of my perfume. You exhale deeply and I can tell you are becoming more and more aroused. 

“Yes, very.” I reply, running my fingers gently through your hair. My fingers tremble and I am very aware of how nice your hair feels and how good you smell.

“I love how I can feel your nipples hard through your shirt.” You whisper in my ear and my body is trembling as I feel your fingers circling around and over my nipples through my shirt. My excitement is growing by the second. 

“And you’re making them harder by the second.” I whisper now leaning closer to you, kissing along your neck and then ear. My hands have now moved down to rub across your shoulders and back, my fingers lightly caress up and down your back. I feel your fingers at the hem of my shirt, slowly lifting it up, letting your fingers brush against my skin as you do so. A soft moan escapes me as you lift the shirt above my breasts, your fingers caressing the tops of them ever so lightly. 

“How nice, and so much better than in your picture.” You say softly and finishing taking my shirt off. Your fingertips caress lightly across my back and I again gasp as I feel your warm moist tongue lick across the material of my bra before licking the bare skin showing above the bra. Your tongue slowly goes back and forth and then dips softly between the valley of my breasts, pushing the bra down slightly as you do so.

“Mmmmm.” I murmur softly, again my hands comb through your hair. My nipples are tingling with excitement at your touch. Your lips and tongue continue to kiss the tops of my breasts, moving up to my neck and my shoulders. I feel your hands slipping the straps of my bra off my arms and then reaching behind me, you unclasp my bra then remove it letting it fall to the floor.

“Oh yes, so nice.” You say softly as I watch you gaze upon my breasts. You reach your hands up and begin to caress them ever so lightly, flicking your fingers occasionally across my nipples and I squirm and tremble with every touch. My hands go to your shirt and I unbutton it and then I push it off your shoulders. I caress up and down your chest, first with just my fingernails very lightly and then with open hands and a firmer touch.

“You feel wonderful.” I whisper enjoying the feel of your naked chest on my hands. You then embrace me and we are kissing, the feeling of our naked chests against each other is warm, exciting, and our kiss grows more urgent. 

Your lips then begin traveling down my neck to my breasts; your tongue licks across each nipple until I feel you gently sucking one into your mouth. My back arches and I gasp as I feel a jolt of excitement rush through me making my hands grasp at your shoulders. Your mouth and tongue begin driving me crazy as you suck, lick and gently nibble each nipple. My breath has grown ragged, my heart is racing and I feel a warm flush going through my entire body. 

You continue teasing and pleasurably tormenting my nipples making them extremely hard and sensitive at the same time you stoop down so that you are kneeling and I feel your hands caressing my ass. I’m squirming under your touch and my pussy is wet and throbbing with excitement. I look down at you and see the look of desire on your face along with the bulge in your pants. I feel you slowly pulling the zipper down on the back of my skirt and then your fingers slip inside the sides slowly pulling it down. Once it’s off you lean back on your heals to gaze again at what I look like while I stand there now in just my thigh high stockings and heels.

“Darlin I could look at you like this all day, that is if I had too. But since I don’t, I’d much rather see more and be doing more.” You say with a teasing grin on your face as you look up at me. You see the blush come across my face as I feel slightly embarrassed, yet excited by your gaze and your words. My hands instinctively go to cover my breasts and pussy but you take my hands gently pulling them away. No words are needed the look on your face lets me know that it is okay to be uncovered and that you like what you see. You then softly rub your face across my clean shaven pussy, breathing in the scent and another shiver goes through my body. I feel your tongue quickly flick out and lick my slit up and down just once before you stand and embrace me again. Your lips meet mine, your one hand cupping my breast the other cupping the cheeks of my ass. My body presses against you and it is very obvious how much I want you by my movements against your body. “Slow.” You whisper.

“I don’t know how much longer I can….” I say and your lips interrupt me with another passionate kiss. You take my hand and bring it down to the bulge in your pants and I eagerly grasp you, rubbing your cock through your pants. 

“Slow.” Again you whisper, your hand on mine as I stroke you, your hand making sure I go slow. I then unzip your pants slowly and my hands go to your sides and I draw your pants and briefs down at the same time I am slipping down to kneel in front of you now. Once having your pants off, I gaze with a longing at your hard cock staring me in the face. My tongue flicks out, licking the tip, circling it hearing your gasp I smile. My hands then caress your legs, moving up and my mouth goes around your cock sucking you in, tasting you and I moan softly. My hands cup your balls, then stroking as my mouth begins to suck and lick your cock bringing it deeper into my mouth. Your hands go to my head and you are pressing me too you as your hips thrust against me. I can feel you drawing closer and then you stop, pulling me up to you and your lips are on mine.

“You’re driving me crazy, you know that.” I whisper, my hand grasping your cock and stroking.

“Good, I hope to do that a lot more.” You say softly and then move my hand from you as you back away from me. I watch your naked body move as you go to the bar and make each of us a drink. 

You hand me my drink and then take my hand leading me to the bathroom. After placing your glass down on the ledge along the Jacuzzi, you begin to fill it with water adding the scented fragrance that was there. You then sink into the water and with your hand stretched out to me, I step in, set my drink down and sink in the water opposite you.

The water feels heavenly with the jets and we sit talking, laughing and relaxing as we sip on our drinks. We both see and feel the sexual tension that is in the air and soon you are pulling me to you with our lips meeting, our tongues exploring deep within the crevices of each other’s mouth. Your one hand caress’s down my neck and to my breasts, gasping and pummeling each, soft moans escape me. My hand reaches down between your legs to stroke your semi hard cock, making it come to life beneath my touch.

I then reach over for the wash cloth and begin running it over your neck, down your back and then you lean back, your hands resting on the sides of the Jacuzzi enjoying how I am making you feel. I move rubbing up and down your arms and fingers, then to your chest, especially taking my time across your nipples, feeling and watching them harden as I tease them with the cloth. Your eyes are closed, but I can tell by your breathing and the fact that the tip of your cock is poking above the water that you are enjoying the feelings I am stirring in you.

Shortly, you sit up, and take my arms, pulling me up so that I am kneeling between your legs, my pussy just barely above the water. You then take the cloth from me and begin to caress my neck, shoulders and breasts with it. My head goes back and I arch my back, my breasts thrust out as if offering themselves to you. You take your time, slowly teasing and taunting them with the cloth until they are hard, sensitive and tingling. Pleased with the reactions you are getting with what you are doing to my nipples, you slowly begin to move the cloth across and down my belly. When I feel you rub it across the top of my pussy and up and down my slit, I let out a soft gasp. 

“Open your legs some for me.” You say softly and my knees part, now feeling you running the cloth slowly up and down the inside of my thighs, dipping in and out of the water as you do. My hands now are gripping your shoulders, partly for leverage and partly because my body is trembling from your touch. You continue with the cloth, moving it closer and closer to my anxiously awaiting pussy, teasing me wickedly and driving me crazy. Finally I feel you rubbing my slit and pressing in between the folds of my extremely wet sex and I moan out loudly, thrusting my hips out to press against your hand. Your other hand has gone to grip the cheeks of my ass as you push me even further towards you. 

“Oh God!” I cry out, as you continue caressing and stroking my pussy, now and then your finger flicking across my hard clit. My passion is building and I feel myself getting closer and closer to the edge. As soon as you see this, you stop and I look at you to see your teasing grin. I draw a deep breath, not wanting you to stop as I am so close.
