 To My Lover,

Hi there sexy. I can’t wait ‘til I see you in 2 weeks. I’ve been thinking about what I’d love to do to you once you arrive. Do you want a detailed plan that I’ve been going over in my mind? If not and you want the thrill of the surprise, don’t read any further…. Still with me? That’s what I thought. You were always the type to peak at Christmas presents, weren’t you?

Well, first things first, I want to kiss you, mouth open and a little tongue. I’ll be wearing my cherry lip-gloss that you love so much. Would you mind if I nibbled on your ear and ran my fingers through your hair? While we kiss, I’d run my hands all over you body, top of the shirt, under the shirt, my nails tracing softly yet firmly down your back. At this point your hands better be stroking my body as well. You know how I like it when you caress my breasts and tug at my nipples. If you suck on the nipples too, I’ll let out a moan. Then, I’d take a finger and run it down the front of your chest to the waistband of your boxers, slipping it right under the band, no further. Running my finger right underneath the waistband, you’re erection would grow, making an impressive bulge in your pants. I’d continue with this until you were moaning with need for me to move my hand deeper into your boxers. But instead, I’d take my hand back. 

Then, standing on tiptoes, I’d whisper into your ear, “Strip me.” You’d take off my shirt and unhook my out of place bra. I’d be wearing the white lacy one just for you -- you know the one that cups my 36 C tits perfectly, with a hint of my pink nipples showing. With my breasts free of their restraints completely, would you mind reaching down and fondling them again? And, you’d want to suck on my nipples again, right? You do love making me moan… Then, to tease me like I was just teasing you, you’d slowly unbutton my jeans, sliding them seductively down my hips and long legs. Clad only in a pair of white cotton panties, I’d step toward you. 

My turn to remove your clothes. I’d tug your shirt off and make a trail of kisses down your chest until I got to your pants. As I’m on my knees, I’ll unbutton your pants and slide them down. Your bulge clearly evident through your boxers will make my mouth water with anticipation. Deciding that I can wait no longer, I’ll pull your boxers down and engulf your cock in my mouth. I’ll swirl my tongue around the tip of your monster of a dick and cup your balls with one hand. At that point, I’ll take the other hand and begin stroking the part of your cock that I can’t fit in my mouth. It’s really big you know. 

We should measure it one of these days. It’s just that every time I see it, I just want to stick it in me, anywhere, just in me. Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, sucking and licking the entire length of your shaft. Then, I’ll feel your balls start to tighten, signaling that I’m about to get a taste treat. As I bob my head up and down the extent of your cock faster and faster, I’ll look up to see you looking down, watching my red lips encircling your tool. You’ll moan and let loose the flood of cum into my mouth, all the while with me looking up, swallowing, and sucking until you go soft. 

Now, I think at this point we should move some place a little more comfortable for the remainder of the evening. After all, I plan to fully enjoy all forms of carnal pleasure. It’ll have been two weeks, and the vibrator just isn’t the same as you. The bed upstairs in the master bedroom sounds good to me, how about you? I knew you would agree. I’ll take your hand and lead you up the stairs, my ass swinging in front of your face, still wrapped in cotton panties. However, there’ll be a little wet spot where my cunt is leaking its juices. 

At that sight, you’ll start to regain the hardness you had only moments before. By the time we reach the bedroom, your cock will be in full attention and my cotton panties getting on your nerves. With out any hesitation, you’ll pull off the flimsy material while at the same time dump me into bed. You know I love it when you get all rough with me! Wanting to return the favor I invoked downstairs, you’ll spread my legs and move closer to my shaved pussy. Your fingers will trail up my thighs to my puffed up lips, spreading them as well.

My wetness will gleam in the low lighting of the bedroom and you’ll lower your face to my pussy, your tongue slowly licking the entire length of my slit, ending right before my clit. Over and over you’d lick my pussy, tempo increasing each time. The clit you’d ignore, driving me closer and closer to the edge, but not quite there. Finally, when I feel as though I might burst, you’d take that little red knob in your mouth to suck on, and shove two fingers into my juicy cunt at the same time. I’d scream and moan with an orgasm, thrashing all over the bed.

I’d quickly recover from my orgasm and kiss you passionately, our tongues entwined. I’d then guide your throbbing hard-on into my tight cunt. In and out, in and out, you’d pump as my breasts bounced back and forth. My moans would continue to grow louder and you’d pump faster to meet them. In and out, in and out, oh the thought is exquisite! While I write this, I must confess, my pussy is soaking wet. Just the thought of you going in and out, in and out, ohhh, I need you in me right now! We’ll both draw close to orgasming at the same time. You’ll pound harder as your balls begin to tighten and my back will arch up to meet you. Ohhhh!! We’ll climax together, your and my cum mixed, leaking out of my very well fucked pussy. Content for the moment, you and I will lie upon my bed, wrapped in each other’s arms as we drift off to sleep…

Doesn’t it all sound like so much fun! God, I can’t wait until you get here. Please hurry!

Love,
Me

P.S. After writing this, I'm sorry, but I have to use the vibrator again. Unless you can get here quicker...