 When Professor Alan Gibson finally retired as head of the School of Philosophy – years after some members of the staff thought he should have retired – it was clear who was going to replace him.

The dead hand of the past still lay heavy on the faculty, and the dead hand said that although in theory it was the senior members of staff who chose those who would fill vacancies, in practice it was the one to whom the head of the faculty gave the nod who got the job. Gibson had given the nod to Dr. Jarvis Dodd, the "Associate Head" of the faculty. 

Also known to all was the fact that "Associate" was a euphemism for "Assistant," and Gibson had ruled the School of Philosophy with an iron hand for many years; and so it was Jarvis Dodd, at the age of forty eight, a confirmed bachelor, who replaced Gibson.

This was not a popular appointment, because whereas Gibson had been blunt to the point of rudeness, at least the staff knew where they stood with him. Dodd was the contemporary version of the iron fist in the velvet glove type, the "touchy-feely type, softly spoken, all smiles and concern when addressing his victim, but always with his own best interests at heart, and determined that his own wishes would in the end prevail. 

His staff had a metaphor for his dealings with them, "It's only after you've left him that you feel the blood dripping down your back."

Of course as Dodd moved up to the top his previous position as Associate became vacant. This was filled by an elderly, but compliant member of staff, Arthur Ruff, whom Dodd knew he could count on for unwavering obedience. 

Two years after his appointment Ruff, from Dodd's point of view very inconveniently, died, leaving the position of "Associate Professor" vacant.

To fill the vacancy due form was followed. The position was widely advertised in universities around the world and in the end there were thirty applications. These, on the basis academic qualifications, known reputations, papers and books published, were at first reduced to seven possible candidates. After interviews the number was reduced to three, two already on the staff of the faculty and one outsider. 

Of the three one was Dr. Jacob Glen; forty four years of age, married to a darkly attractive woman, Ita, with two children now grown up and away from home. Glen had been a tutor and lecturer in the faculty for fourteen years. He had been a brilliant student, and written a number of well received papers and a book entitled, "The Crisis of Identity." Apart from a brief period after he first graduated when he travelled overseas, his working life had been within the faculty. Ita, a woman very keenly aware of social status, strongly supported Glen in his application, believing that if he gained the position their income, social status and circle of friends would be enhanced.

Dr. Jason Raven was the youngest of the candidates at age thirty two, had recently married Karma the editor of a magazine, "The Historical Review." Like Glen he had been a graduate of the faculty and after graduation had spent some time working for the Historical Review, editing those articles that had a philosophical as well as historical content. 

It had seemed almost inevitable that this good looking and personable young man should marry the acknowledged beauty, Karma McEwen. It was after his marriage that he returned to the faculty, first as tutor and then as tutor/lecturer. He had written several notable papers and was in the process of writing a book, "The Problem of Post-Modernism."

The Ravens had recently bought a house on the outskirts of the city and in doing so had stretched their finances close to breaking point. In addition they wanted to start a family, but knew this would be unwise until they got their debts under control. If Jason got the position it would mean a considerable increase in salary, and so from that point of view he needed the job more than the other two. 

The third candidate, the outsider, was Dr. Gerald Parsons. Aged forty nine and unmarried, he had travelled widely, working in a number of universities: Sydney, Hong Kong, Mumbai and Moscow. His book on the philosophy of Emmanuel Kant had, in terms of academia, been a best seller.

The staff members were somewhat tense about the outcome, especially as Dodd had so far not given the nod to any of the candidates, but of the three they thought that Jacob Glen would be the most likely winner since it was thought that he would be the least threat to Dodd. 

There was one final interview to go, after which the name of the successful candidate would be announced, and that interview was two weeks away when Jarvis Dodd decided to hold one of his staff and family "get togethers," as he called them. The staff cynically referred to them as, "Dodd's Love-ins."

From the staff point of view these gatherings were Dodd's way of keeping an eye on his staff and picking up any subversive gossip that might be floating around. It also served the purpose of getting to know the wives, or in some cases, the husbands, of his staff, and woe betide any member of staff who failed to attend.

On this occasion another reason for holding the gathering was probably that Dodd was enjoying the suspense that his failure to indicate which candidate he favoured had created, and he loved to gloat.

* * * * * * * *

The get togethers were normally dull affairs with the staff members talking philosophical shop for want of any other topics of interest. Wives and husbands, not members of the staff, did the best they could, getting together in groups to talk about babies, the terrible increase in prices, what they had bought recently, or if it was still light enough they wandered into the rather magnificent garden, kept in superb order by university employed gardeners. 

On this occasion however there was something to distract them for a while. Jason Raven has so far not introduced Karma to any of his colleagues, and as Jason and Karma made their entrance the cheap white wine inspired chatter descended to a whisper.

The main response on seeing the beautiful Karma was jealousy: on the part of the men, jealousy that Jason should have gained such an attractive bride, and on the women's part jealousy of her beauty and anger that their menfolk were paying Karma so much obviously salacious attention.

Jason introduced Karma to Dodd, and for his part Dodd was polite but apparently unaffected by Karma's looks. 

With a gesture that took in the company he said, "Welcome my dear, to our little family," and after a few more words to her he turned his attention elsewhere. 

During the course of the evening if anyone noticed that Dodd and Ita Glen were absent from the gathering for half an hour they said nothing. First Ita reappeared her clothing looking a little dishevelled and her face flushed. When Dodd, a few minute later, made his appearance he had a rather contended look and was in an unusually cheerful mood. Again if anyone, including Ita's husband, Jacob Glen, made any connection, nothing was said.

When the gathering began to disperse Dodd was again polite to Karma, but nothing more. On the way home Karma said to Jason, "I don't think your Professor Dodd likes me very much."

Jason laughed and said, "I don't think he likes anybody very much, but he knows how to be affable when his self interest is involved.

From Karma's perspective Jason's colleagues, on the whole, seemed a dreary lot, and yet Jason did not seem to be of that ilk. 

The next day was Saturday and Jason and Karma set about establishing a garden in their new home. During the course of the day Karma questioned Jason about his hopes for the Associate Professorship and why he seemed to want it so badly. 

Jason pointed out that philosophy was what he had been trained for and the Associate's job would give them an increased income; he would be the youngest Associate Professor the university had ever had, and it would open up opportunities in other universities, perhaps even the headship of a philosophy faculty. He added that it would be for both of them and their future.

"Of course," he said, "I don't really give myself much chance."

Surprised, Karma asked, "Why, you're well qualified?"

Jason shrugged and said, "Qualifications are not the most important thing in this game, it's how well you get on with Dodd. I've upset him a few times, especially over my paper on "Hegel in the Philosophy of Karl Marx." I ran it past Dodd and he criticised it so much I almost didn't submit it to the journals. When I did submit it and it got accepted, it drew very favourable comments and Dodd didn't like that one bit, and so I think I'm running third in this race."

"You really do want this job, don't you Jason?" Karma asked.

"Yes, more than I ever wanted anything before, except getting married to you he added hastily."

Still in the early stages of their marriage Jason's last remark led quite naturally to them suspending gardening for a couple of hours and going to bed to make love.

* * * * * * * * 

Monday dawned a fine day. Jason didn't usually go to the university on Mondays but having some research to do in the library he left home at around nine o'clock, saying he would be home about mid afternoon.

Being a fine day, Karma, having some papers to read for The Historical Review went into the embryonic garden, and settling herself in a garden chair she commenced reading. An article submitted on "The Gentry during the Tudor Reign" proved to be very hard going. Karma referred to these sorts of articles as "sleep makers," and as if to prove the point, around eleven o'clock she started to doze off. 

She was jerked awake by the sound of a car pulling into the drive. She hadn't been expecting anyone and was surprised when she saw Professor Dodd get out of the car and start to walk towards her over the somewhat disreputable looking garden. 

Puzzled she rose to meet him; they shook hands and smiling Dodd said, "I happened to be in the neighbourhood and thought I'd like to have a look at your new house."

Karma laughed and said, "Well you won't get a very good impression from the garden, we've only just started on that, would you like a cup of tea or coffee?"

"That would be excellent my dear," Dodd said.

Karma gathered her papers and said, "Then we'd better go inside and you can have a look at the house professor." 

"Oh please," Dodd said warmly, "Jarvis. We might have to keep up the formalities around the university, but socially...may I call you Karma?"

"Yes....yes of course," Karma replied, puzzled that this seemingly agreeable man had such a reputation for being disagreeable. 

"I like to keep in touch socially with my little family," Dodd added. 

It took Karma a few moments to realise that Dodd meant the faculty staff.

"I'll show you over the place while the coffee is percolating," she said.

Dodd duly admired the house, furnishings and décor and they returned to the kitchen for coffee. Karma was going to carry the coffee into the lounge, but Dodd said he preferred the informality of the kitchen, and so they sat at the kitchen table. 

"Really, you have a very pleasant place here," Dodd said.

Karma smiled and said "Yes, and a very expensive place I'm afraid."

"Yes, I can see that," Dodd said. "I suppose that if Jason got the position of Associate it would make a considerable difference – financially I mean?"

"Yes, it would make a difference," Karma said wistfully.

"I take it Jason is very keen to get the job?"

"Oh yes very keen," Karma said enthusiastically.

"Of course it would mean a lot of added responsibility...I...er...take it that he has your support?"

"Oh yes, very much so," Karma said, but thought "So that's why he's called, he wants to know if I'm backing Jason."

Almost as if Dodd had picked up her thought waves he said, "It is very important for senior members of the faculty to have supportive wives."

Karma hesitated and then said, "I know I shouldn't ask, but does Jason have a chance?"

Dodd smiled and said, "My dear he's got a one in three chance."

"Yes I know, but I meant..."

Dodd sighed and said, "I know what you meant my dear. There are so many factors that go into the mix when it comes to choosing the right person for the position, and it can take so little to tilt the balance one way or the other, if you know what I mean." 

"Yes, I think I know what you mean," Karma said. 

"Of course, Jason gets on well with the rest of the staff and he's immensely popular with the students, an excellent lecturer and...well it would take so little to tilt the balance in his favour."

He paused for a moment and then seemed to go off on another tack.

"I enjoy the good things of life, Karma."

"Yes, I suppose you do," Karma responded, wondering where the conversation was heading. 

"Yes, it's not so much the money and the other perks that go with the job, it's those pleasant moments of intimacy that make life worth living, don't you think?"

"Intimacy?"

"Mmm, you're a woman of the world; you must know how things work; a favour given and a favour returned. As I said, it can take so little to tilt the balance one way or the other; I'm sure you know what I mean."

Karma was beginning to get a glimmer of what Dodd meant, but she failed to see what favour Jason could do Dodd that would, as he put it, "tilt the balance."

She took the chance and said, "What favour could Jason do to...?"

Dodd interrupted, "Not Jason my dear...well, only indirectly."

"Then what...?"

"My dear, I'm sure you're not really so naïve. You're a very beautiful woman and as you say you're supportive of Jason and as I told you, I like the good things of life, so surely you can see how you might smooth the way for him."

Dodd sat back looking at her, an odd smile on his lips.

At last Karma saw what Dodd meant, and for a few moments she was struck dumb, and then recovering from the shock she said, "Are you...are you suggesting that I...I betray Jason with you?"

"Hardly betray, my dear," Dodd said laconically, "The act of a loving and supportive wife to help her husband achieve his ambition; something that no one need ever know about except you and me."

"That's a disgusting suggestion," Karma said angrily. "I'd never dream of doing such a thing."

"Oh dear, I've offended you sense of morality," Dodd said, an edge of sarcasm in his voice. "A pity; such a small sacrifice for such a big gain; just one small sacrifice of virtue and you won't even pay the price for your husband, now what sort of support is that?" 

"The sort of support I hope Jason would understand and appreciate," Karma snapped.

"Well I hope he does understand and appreciate, my dear," Dodd said mildly, "especially if he fails to get the job he so badly wants."

"You wouldn't..." Karma began to say but Dodd cut her off.

"Now, now my dear, I said 'if,' not 'when.' But if your mind is made up..." he shrugged and rose.

"It is made up, and now would you please leave."

Derisively Dodd sang a couple lines from an old music hall song,

"No, no, a thousand times no, "I'd rather die than say yes." 

He laughed and made to leave, but turned and said, "If you should change your mind here's my telephone number, there are twelve days to go before the decision has to be made, and shall we say, Thursday at the latest?" He placed his card on the table and left.

* * * * * * * * 

Karma was outraged. She picked up Dodd's card and was about to tear it and throw it away when she stopped. She could see several scenarios emerging. Her first thought was to tell Jason about Dodd's visit and his suggestion. If she did that Jason would no doubt go and confront Dodd, he might even resort to violence in his anger. If that happened his chance of getting the job would be at an end.

She might tell the university authorities about what had happened, and should Dodd deny her accusation she at least had his card to prove that he had visited her, but what did the card prove? Nothing she realised. She also believed that the authorities might close ranks, and she conjectured that many of them might have things they didn't want revealed and that Dodd knew about, he was that sort of man 

Clearly her refusal to let Dodd enjoy her body had badly damaged Jason's chance of being the preferred candidate but suppose...but suppose what?

Karma put Dodd's card in a drawer of her desk, deciding that she had to give more thought to her future actions, if any.

She said nothing about Dodd's visit to Jason when he returned home. If he failed to get the job he so dearly wanted it might be better if he did not know on what grounds he had lost it; or was it?

Karma was in a moral dilemma. Is it better that the truth be told? What does the fidelity of husband and wife demand? Her mind dwelt on the old saw, "What the eye doesn't see the heart doesn't grieve about." 

Of course it wasn't a matter of the eye seeing, but what Jason didn't know about couldn't hurt him. She was fully aware that Jason knew men were easily attracted to her; it was one of his insecurities in relation to her. If he knew about Dodd's suggestion he might think she had played him along and then reaped the consequences. 

These and many other thoughts became a tangle in Karma's mind, and as she sought to untangle one thought began to emerge.

"Suppose, just suppose I gave Dodd what he wants, and if that gave Jason the edge over the other candidates, would it be so bad?" As Dodd had said, "Just one small sacrifice of virtue," was that too great a sacrifice?

Karma considered Dodd. Would it be so difficult, so repugnant? Dodd was a handsome man for his age and she didn't find him physically repulsive and so why not forfeit her virtue just this once in order to secure the job for Jason? In any case she didn't have to enjoy it, merely endure it.

That night for the first time, Karma had to play a game of pretend when Jason made love with her. Even before she had done anything that might be considered as infidelity her marriage was being affected. But then, there is actual physical infidelity and infidelity in the mind. If infidelity in the mind could have this influence on her love making with Jason, then she might as well go the whole way and at least secure a positive outcome for Jason.

By Wednesday she has made up her mind.

* * * * * * * *

Wednesday morning Karma took Dodd's card out of the drawer and rang him. When Dodd answered and Karma announced herself, she could almost hear the purr of satisfaction in his voice.

"Ah, Karma my dear, I've been expecting a call from you, you're an intelligent women and I thought you'd see sense in the end."

Karma almost rang off when she heard the triumph in his voice, but having reached this point she simply said, "All right, I'll do what you want."

"Excellent my dear," Dodd chortled, "When shall we say?"

Karma had hoped to get it over as quickly as possible and suggested the next day, Thursday, but Dodd thought otherwise.

"No my dear, I think Monday, a pleasure delayed is a pleasure more enjoyed when it does take place, yes, Monday, shall we say at one o'clock?" 

"But Jason might be here," Karma objected. 

"No he won't," Dodd responded, "I shall see to it that he's kept busy, there's a lot of student essays to be marked and that should keep him busy until late afternoon. I have a meeting to attend at four thirty, and so that should give us two hours of pleasure, and I can promise you my dear, that you will enjoy it." 

To Karma the last bastion of her virtue seemed to reside in her not enjoying it, but she said nothing of this to Dodd. She would do what he required, and that would be the end of it. 

Dodd seemed to know what Karma had in mind and he said, "Karma my dear, I shall expect full co-operation, no holding back. Do you understand me?
