 When I kissed my wife goodbye I had no idea of what was about to happen. She was going away to spend the weekend with her parents and I was going to have dinner with Tony and his wife and then stay the night. Tony and I had been at college together and we had almost lost touch. It was five years since we had seen each other and I had never met Janet, who had lived with him for more than three years before they married at Easter. This was an attempt to resume a close friendship.

"Don't do anything that I wouldn't do now, darling."

"I won't have the opportunity, so I am quite safe, but in any case it would be anatomically impossible."

"Oh, you know what I mean. But have fun."

"Thanks, Darling, and the same to you; though I can't think of your mother as a bundle of fun."

"Charles!"

Tony had told me to meet him at the King Henry on the main road because, he said, their house was hard to find and he would guide me to it. When I reached the pub Tony was already waiting and I think he was as pleased to see me as I was to see him. He told me that he had a plan that he had kept secret till now and that we weren't going home straight away but would first have our meal at the pub before going back to Janet. Over the meal he unfolded his secret plan.

Janet, he said, had a fantasy of having sex with a complete stranger and he wanted me to be that man. What interested me later, when I had time to think, was that he never seemed in any doubt that I would accept. For my part I was carried along by his enthusiasm. He had judged me correctly.

"Well, I am a stranger to her, so why are we eating here now?"

"You don't understand - if we went back now you would meet her and get to know her over dinner. She wants a real stranger - someone she has never set eyes on before he fucks her. But by the time we get back from here she will have gone to bed. Then the plan is for you to have a nightcap and, when you are ready for bed, you will undress and I will blindfold you before you enter the bedroom. You must keep the blindfold on until after you cum for the first time. After that you are free to follow your instincts. Oh, she's on the pill so you don't need a condom."

"Supposing she doesn't like me? It will be a bit embarrassing if she kicks me out."

"She won't. This is part of the turn-on for her. She is committed to go through with it whatever you look like. And you, of course, won't have seen her until you have had sex. So there will be no backing out of it for either of you." Once again he assumed that I would go along with what might have seemed a crazy scheme if I had had time to consider. 

Even so I still demurred: "What is she like? I don't want to discover that I have had sex with someone I don't fancy." I nearly said "repulsive" but remembered just in time that I was speaking of his wife.

"You'll just have to trust me. She has all the usual parts. There is no need to worry. I wanted to use an experienced man who would treat her properly, and who better?"

What could a red-blooded man say to that? But I was still trying to convince myself - or perhaps it was just to put up a show of resistance. "Why must I be blindfolded? Why not just a darkened room?"

That is part of the fantasy. If she couldn't see you she could be having sex with anyone - even me, but she wants to be fucked by a man she can SEE is a stranger. She says it makes it more exciting for her. It is equally important to her that you shouldn't have seen her until you have screwed. Don't ask me to explain any more - that is how it is. Just enjoy!

"OK. I shall." The reader will notice that not for a moment did any thought of my beloved wife intrude on these plans.

From then on the time passed in a whirl and Tony gave me no opportunity to have second thoughts. In what seemed a remarkably short time I was standing naked outside the main bedroom and Tony was fixing the blindfold over my eyes in such a way that there was no chance that I would be able to cheat before I had earned the right to rip it off. 

With a mixture of fear and excitement I stepped into the room and, after he had guided me to the bed, I heard Tony leave the room, closing the door behind him. During all of this no one had spoken and I wouldn't have known that the bed was occupied if I had not been told.

I could feel the edge of the mattress against my knee. I nearly spoke but it seemed so trite to ask if anyone was there. Not only that but for some extraordinary reason it seemed wrong to break the silence - rather like talking in a church service or between the movements of a symphony.

I put out a hand and as I did so a woman's hand grasped mine and drew me towards the middle of the bed until I was lying beside her. Then she placed my fingers on her breast. I could feel the soft, smooth flesh and I let my hand wander over it until I came to her nipple, which was soft and delicate. I took it between my thumb and forefinger and rolled it gently and was pleased that I could feel it become erect and craggy to the touch. By some indefinable means I could feel that Janet was warm, pliant and inviting. I knew that she wanted more so I gradually increased the pressure until I felt her squirming and I could tell that this was from pleasure, not pain. It also released the tension in me. I had begun to wonder whether I would even be able to have an erection, but now I was relieved to be given the answer

Soon I had forgotten that she could see me even though I was blind to her. It delighted me that she was responding to my advances and, after attending to her other nipple with my second hand, I changed position so that I could stroke her belly and down towards her pussy which, to my great pleasure, was wet and had opened to my stroking, probing fingers. Although inviting, it was firm and small for a married woman but, of course, she had never had a baby. 

Soon my tongue had taken over the pleasant duties of my fingers and, having licked and probed, it moved slowly backwards from her clit to her labia, back to her perineum and finally I felt the little cusp of her anus with the tip of my tongue. I ran it round and probed the tight folds. She shivered and I was sure that it was with pleasure. I wished that I could see to admire her tight and flavoursome arse and to see the signs of her pleasure. But that could come later.

There is no need for me to describe every movement in the act that followed but soon Janet had reached such a pitch of excitement that she was almost pulling me on to her. She was on her back with her knees widely spread and her ankles resting on my back. As I pressed my hard member into the delicious opening she surprised me with a slight tightening of her muscles and a small squeak. 

"Did I hurt you?" I asked, puzzled and concerned.

"No, that was from pleasure. It is wonderful. You are so strong and hard. Just go ahead and give it to me."

From then on it was bliss. She became, if that was possible, even more responsive. I took my time because I didn't want to cum too soon, and it was she who climaxed first with great sobbing cries and moans. At this point I let myself go with explosive force, pumping her full of my semen. 

We lay panting for a few minutes and when I had recovered my breath I pulled the blindfold off and saw her for the first time. She was not beautiful but there was something attractive about her with her flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes with the hint of a mischievous smile. She looked younger than I had expected and was certainly some years younger than Tony. She smiled and said all the things that a man likes to hear, including, "I have never had anything like that", which seemed a bit hard on Tony but pleased me."

Gradually I began to look around and take in the room. There was a lot of indirect lighting and above the bed I couldn't help spotting a large mirror fixed to the ceiling. So, despite what his wife had said about never having had anything like that, they appeared to enjoy sex enough to want to watch their performances.

When I had recovered we started all over again - with variations. We must have taken up a dozen different positions. It appeared to me that Janet was not experienced so much as very enthusiastic. It was I who showed her how to get into the best position to present her pussy or her bottom to me; but when there she was all willing and excited and she moved her bum most eagerly. 

I rubbed the tip of my penis, wet from her soaking pussy, on to and around her tight little arse then, with my finger, eased her rear entrance open, feeling her ring relax. I offered the tip of my cock to her anus and she responded by pushing eagerly backwards so that I entered to a good depth. Her sphincter closed around my cock, gripping it in what seemed to me a friendly and accepting way, not at all resisting. It was a lovely sensation and I made the most of it, gradually increasing the depth and power of my thrusts.

Finally, exhausted, I came again and this time pumped her arse full of my semen with the most satisfying spurts. This time my cum seemed to trigger her own orgasm and she came with a great cry and a shout that must have been heard at the end of the road. I rolled on to my back and stared with great contentment at the mirror that I had been too occupied to notice while we were still in action.

While I gazed up in my bemused state a curious thing occurred that I thought at first was a hallucination. A light appeared in the mirror and I saw the outline of two heads. Then the light went out and they disappeared. I put an arm round Janet and drew her to me and she snuggled up close. But just then the door opened and in walked Tony with a woman.

"That was a fantastic performance. You were really good and you, Lynn, were amazing."

"Lynn?" I said.

Tony gently pushed the woman forward. "Yes, I'd better confess. This is Janet and Lynn is her little sister. Today is her eighteenth birthday and she wanted desperately to lose her virginity, which is why we gave her this - you - for a present."

"Hi, pleased to meet you," said Janet, "though I feel I know you well already after watching that performance." 

At last I understood.

Now Lynn spoke, "I always shied away from sex. I felt that I was too fat and that no boy would want me or, if he did, it would be for all the wrong reasons. I could only do it if I didn't think the man was secretly disgusted by my body. Now I know it is all right. I didn't know the others were watching, but after that experience I can forgive them. After all, we don't have many secrets from each other." 

"Little sister, I'm proud of you."

"Well thank you both; it was a wonderful birthday present; and you, (chuckling) I don't even know your name. It was so good that if I could I'd like to do it all over again."

"We'll take the hint and leave you now", said Tony, taking Janet's arm, "we are going to spend the night in the spare bedroom and I hope you have a splendid night in our bed." 

"Wouldn't you like to join us here?" said Lynn. Now that she had broken her duck there was no holding her and she was clearly raring to go.

Tony glanced enquiringly at Janet, who immediately said "Why not?" Obviously I, the guest, was in no position to spoil their fun - or so I told myself. And fun it was; but that will have to wait till next time.