 As Tawny spots Randy standing outside his car, all time stopped for a moment as she just stood there and stared at him. In an instant, everything she had experienced with Randy earlier in the day, suddenly all came back to her vividly. Tawny can't move; she's frozen in place. Randy walks over to her, extending his hand for hers, she smiles softly as she takes his hand.

Walking her to the car, Randy takes her into his arms right there outside the precinct, and kisses her deeply. Tawny moans softly as she returns the kiss to him, as she finds herself wrapping her arms around his neck. As Randy breaks their kiss which seemed to last forever, he looks deep into her eyes.

"I couldn't wait for the day to end, you're all I thought about all day long." Placing her hands on the sides of Randy's face, Tawny just smiles.

"Why don't we go back to my apartment, and you can tell me all about what you thought about today, and maybe then I will tell you." Tawny replies, winking at Randy. Randy opens the door for her and holds her hand as she gets in. 

The drive to Tawny's apartment although only a 10-minute drive was quiet, Tawny sat there just staring at him. Gently reaching over, Tawny slides her hand up Randy's upper arm, up over his masculine shoulder, up the back of his neck, and into the back of his hair. Randy's body instantly shutters, as he moans softly. 

Randy pulls in front of her apartment, upon stopping he leans over to her, kissing her passionately once again. Tawny breaks their kiss as she plants little baby kisses down and under his chin, and down his neck, as her hand slides onto his now once again hardening mass, that's beginning to tent in his pants all over again. Tawny just listens to the soft sweet sounds that are coming from him as his head goes back against the headrest. Slowly Tawny kisses her way to the right side of his neck, licking, sucking and nibbling oh so gently. Randy's hips push forward to her hand as his moans begin to get a little louder.

"Oh Tawny, you are so naughty, oh my god are you naughty."

"Yeah baby, I may be naughty, but I am so good. And I have every intention of making you feel just as good as I am naughty" Tawny opens Randy's belt, and opens his pants, sliding her hand inside them she takes his hardened mass into her hand. Releasing it from his pants, Tawny scoots her butt back toward the door; as she lays herself across Randy's leg, as she runs the tip of her wet, warm velvety tongue over the very tip of his cock.

"Oh FUCK!" Randy lets out in a sudden shriek, as Tawny sucks just the head of his cock into her mouth, locking her lips around it, pulling up on it gently. Randy's hips begin to gyrate to her mouth as she cups his balls, massaging them gently. Little by little Tawny begins to devour more and more of this extremely hard shaft. Placing his hands onto the back of her head, Randy pummels his cock in and out of her mouth, and the faster he fucks her mouth, the harder she proceeds to suck. This went on for a few minutes when all of a sudden, Tawny felt his cock hardening even more, his balls tightening in her hand, his soft moans getting louder, the grip on her head got firmer.

"OHHHHHHH FUCKKKKK ME DON'T STOP...OH GOD PLEASE DON'T STOP!!!!!!!!!! Tawny does just as Randy pleaded for her to do, locking her lips around his shaft, Tawny sucks even harder, manipulating his balls now even faster, and just when Tawny knew he was about to release all his hot seed deep into the back of her throat, she drove for more, as she slipped a finger inside his tight little ass. Instantly Tawny feels Randy's body tense, as his hips push forward, pushing himself as far into the back of her throat as it would possibly go, as his stressed, cum filled balls released all his hot creamy cum into the depths of Tawny's throat. 

Swallowing every drop of what Randy has just released to her, Tawny just continues to suck him as she milks him for every drop. Tawny looks up at Randy, her eyes locking onto his, as she slowly and I do mean slowly runs her tongue up and down the underside of his shaft. Randy could feel his cock beginning to come to life once again, and he knew that if let her keep this up, he would end up taking her and making love to her right there in the car, and that's not what he wanted for them, and its not how he saw the evening happening in his head all day long. As good as she is making him feel, and as much as he doesn't want it to stop, he knows he has to stop her.

"Hey beautiful look at me." Tawny once again locks her eyes onto his, looking deep into them, he could see that undeniable look of lust, desire, passion, and need in her eyes. 

"Come with me." Tawny whispers. Getting himself back together, Randy gets out, walking around to her side, he opens the door for her, again extending his hand for hers, he helps her out. As they walk to the front door, Randy slips his arms around Tawny's waist; leaning in to her he nibbles on the side of her neck gently. Tawny's shoulders draw to her neck as she moans softly.

"GRRR you naughty boy, stop that!!" (Although in her head she didn't really want him to stop). As they enter her apartment, Tawny closes the door behind them; Tawny leads Randy into the living room.

"Make yourself comfortable and I will be right back." Before Tawny could turn to walk out of Randy's sight, he again pulls her into his arms, wrapping them around her tightly as he leans in kissing her passionately.

"Oh baby, if you keep this up, you're going to make it very hard for me to go and change into something a little more comfy." Tawny whines softly.

"Well then why don't you let me help you, then it wont be so hard for you to do, and then I don't have to stop either." Randy replies in an extremely sexy tone.

"Oh well, I...oh what hell come on, I want to get out of this uniform." Taking Randy's hand, Tawny leads him down the hall toward her bedroom. "Please don't mind the mess, my schedule has been so crazy lately, and it hasn't given me much free time to clean it up, but normally I am here alone, so its only me that has to look at it." Paying no mind to what Tawny has said, Randy walks into her room with her. As tawny walks toward her closet, Randy stands there watching her every move, the way she carries herself, the way her body sways as she walks, the language that her body is talking, talks strongly to his manhood, as he can feel it growing erect. 

Walking up quietly behind Tawny, Randy slides wraps his arms around her, waist, pulling her back toward him, as his hardness presses against her wonderful ass. Tawny moans softly as Randy kisses the back of her neck. Reaching behind her, Tawny gently grabs onto his manhood; the one that not an hour before she had the pleasure of pleasuring, tasting and devouring, slowly and firmly pawing her fingers into it. Randy shrieks, and his back arches, as he instinctively pushes his hardened shaft into her hand. 

Lightly his hands slip up over her belly, up to her breasts, cupping her breasts, Randy massages, and kneads them as Tawny's head lies back onto his shoulder. Turning her around, Randy kisses her passionately as he begins to unbutton her shirt. Pulling on the bottom of Randy's shirt, Tawny slides her hands inside, her fingers gliding up his back, raising his shirt to remove it. As Randy unbuttons the last button on her top, he slides his hands around to the back of her, unhooking the hooks of her bra. Little by little his hands cascade up her chest, slowly pushing that shirt off her beautiful shoulders. Randy plants baby kisses from the tip of her shoulder to the crevice at the bottom of her neck, nibbling, licking and sucking on the side of her neck. Randy reaches up and releases her hair that was pulled up into a bun; he had no idea just how long her hair really is. As it falls freely over his hands, Randy slowly runs his fingers through her hair Tawny's body shutters as she runs her fingers through his chest hair. 

As Tawny rested her hands onto his masculine shoulders, Randy takes her by the arms and puts them around his neck, pulling Tawny in even closer to him, her firm breasts, and erect nipples now pressed into his chest, as Randy's hands begin to cascade down her back, coming to rest upon her wonderful ass, with a ass cheek in each hand, Randy squeezes it gently, causing Tawny to instantly push toward him, as she could feel his thick, rigid, hardened bulging throbbing mass pressed against her. The entire time this is going on, Tawny has many different emotions running through her being as well as through her head, then it hits her; she finally realizes that she is happy, and this is the happiness she's been wanting, needing, and dreaming about for so long. Tawny stops her hands in the center of Randy's chest, as she rather quickly takes her eyes off of his, resting her forehead onto the tops of her hands, at first Randy didn't know what to say, he just stood quiet, then he heard her softly whimper, standing there he then heard it again.

Raising her head to get her to look at him, Randy then realizes that Tawny has begun to cry.

"Oh baby what's the matter?" Randy asks in concern. Tawny begins to cry a little more. "Come on honey talk to me, tell me what's the matter."

"Oh Randy, baby if I am truly dreaming all of this, please don't wake me, for I don't ever want this dream to end. I haven't been this happy in a very long time if ever. And if you wanted to turn around and walk out my door right now, never to see me again, I would understand. No one seems to want to be a part of my "World".

Tawny, baby first of all, I am not going anywhere, if I had wanted to walk away from you, I wouldn't be in here with you right now, I would have left when I dropped you off. You never would have gotten me to come up here never mind my letting you enjoy what you did when we were in the car tonight. If you will allow me to, I would love to be a part of your world." Randy wipes away Tawny's tears as he leans in kissing her deeply. Their kiss continues for a few minutes when suddenly Tawny breaks the kiss, resting her head onto Randy's chest.

"Are you sure that being a part of my world is what you truly want to do?"

"I never have been so sure about anything in my life, I don't fear and I am not intimidated by your choice of careers."

"Oh my god, I hope you know what you're getting yourself into baby."

"Oh I very well know what I'm getting into, and right now it's not about me and what I'm getting into my girl, no right now its all about you, and making you happy. Picking Tawny up into his arms, Randy carries her to the bed. Lying her down onto her back, Randy lays on the side of her, extending his arm toward her as he looks at her. Tawny slowly moves in closer to him, resting her head onto his chest, as his hands once again begin to explore every inch of her body. Rolling Tawny onto her back, Randy stands at the side of the bed; her eyes watch every move he makes as he opens his pants, lowering them and his boxers to the floor removing them, his hardened mass standing erect. Moving in closer to her, Randy opens her pants, lowering them over her hips, down her legs, taking them off her completely. Placing his hands on her knees, Tawny spreads her wings for him, allowing him to enter in between them. 

Leaning over her, with his hands on the bed beside her head, they stare into each other's eyes, neither one of them said a word. Tawny takes his cock into her hand and guides him to her awaiting entrance. As the head of his cock slides inside her, Tawny's back arches as she lets out with a sudden scream. Randy stays completely still for a moment allowing her body to accept the size of his shaft, as her muscles begin to close around him, with each slow, deep, and loving thrust, her body begins to move in perfect rhythm with his. Feeling his cock hardening more inside her, his balls tightening, Tawny reaches down wrapping her fingers around his shaft stroking him with every thrust. Their bodies begin to shake almost at the same time, and with one last deep thrust, Randy and Tawny ride through wave after wave of the hardest, most dynamically powerful orgasm that neither one of them had ever experienced before. As randy lay spent on the side of her, again extending his arm for her, Tawny leans in kissing Randy passionately one last time. Snuggling in closer to him she rests her head on his chest. She runs her fingers over it. "Baby, will you stay here with me tonight?" Tawny whispers.

"There is no place I would rather be then right here with you, I'd love to stay with you tonight." And with that, Tawny wraps her arm over Randy's waist, as he reaches up turning off the light, the soft light from the moon shines in, and Randy watches Tawny drift off to sleep.