 NOTE: This story follows on from An Assertive Woman and covers the period after we arrived back at Andi's place from the nightclub and car-park.

However, if you wish, this story can be read as a standalone one. 

--------------------------------

Andi shared her flat with her redheaded friend, Cammie. When we pushed the front door open, Cammie glanced up and saw that Andi wasn't alone.

"Found a new one to work over, sweetie? If you need some help...?" 

Andi rolled her eyes at this commentary, walked inside and exchanged an open-mouthed kiss of greeting with Cammie. 

"Oh! You came here for round two!" was Cammie's next comment as she couldn't have failed to smell and taste the remnants of Andi's essence still on her face and lips during their kiss; the juices we'd shared during the previous couple of hours.

Trying not to look too embarrassed, I stepped over to Cammie and we shook hands. Unsurprisingly, she was introduced as a fitness fanatic and personal trainer. She certainly had a hard body, with more muscles than I've ever seen on a girl. Andi suggested I relax as she excused herself and went to the bathroom. 

"Relax?" I thought, with one of the sexiest women I've ever met just down the hall and a fairly overt suggestion for a three-way from another woman I'd met 30 seconds before. 

After making small talk for a couple of minutes with Cammie, I took Andi's place in the bathroom on her return. Whilst emptying my bladder it dawned on me that it was Cammie who'd probably unleashed much of Andi's almost brazen sexuality and assertiveness. Washing the residual stickiness from my prick I took her still slightly damp undies from my pocket and dried it. Hands and face were cleaned with soap and water and having finished, I opened the door and walked back down the hall to rejoin the flat-mates. 

Cammie's bedroom door was now shut and Andi said she'd asked Cammie to chill-out as she intended some serious one-on-one.

Andi brought out a couple of glasses and some Chateau cardboard from the fridge and we toasted our car-park adventure. Sitting on the lounge allowed us exchange a few basic personal details; you know, the stuff you'd normally know about a person before you moved to first, let alone third base. After her Mum and Dad divorced when she was 17, she'd left home and now worked a few kilometers away at a factory. Now she was exploring her "options" after a seven and a half month relationship had ended several weeks before. I later found out the "ex" was a girl.

She reached over the back of the lounge to her handbag, glanced at me and explained, "Just grabbing a smoke." 

I reached into my pocket and grabbed my pack, but she shook her head and extracted one of her own. My lighter flared and she bent forward, held her hair clear and took a deep drag. I lit mine and slipped the lighter back in my pocket. She then reached down to undo the straps on her shoes.

"Allow me," I offered, as I placed my cigarette in the ashtray. Lifting her foot to my knee, I began undoing the gold buckle on the thin ankle-strap of one shoe, slipping it off and beginning to gently massage her stockinged foot and ankle.

"Oooohh yeah!" she uttered, relaxing back into the lounge. Two minutes later, I reached for the other foot and removed that shoe. With a little pressure on her legs, I now had both her feet on my legs, working the tension from the balls of her feet, her arches and giving a little attention to each toe. 

Her relaxation was almost complete but mine certainly wasn't. I shuffled out from under her legs and slowly lowered my lips to hers. She responded gradually, but with mounting enthusiasm, her arms reaching around my neck and holding me in close.

My hand caressed her face, neck and hair as we both exerted a little more pressure with our lips. I traced the outline of her shoulder with my forefinger and middle finger. I continued my artistic journey down the outside of her arm, picked up her hand and sucked the fingers on her hand into my mouth one at a time. I released the fingers and moved my lips to the inside of her wrist and gradually made my way to the inside of her elbow. 

Her squirming on the lounge showed me she was enjoying my activities. Obviously wanting to extend the night as much as possible, she pushed me back, sat upright, refilled our glasses and we both started new smokes. Lifting her other hand she reached over, unbuttoned my shirt and ran her fingernails down my chest. Leaning over she began kissing and licking my chest, making my nipples now stand at attention. Idly, I grazed my fingers over her chest, slowly outlining her breasts through her dress. I ran my fingers over her cleavage, moving from the colder exposed flesh to that much warmer skin covered by her clothing. Raising my head a little, I slowly plied her chest with tiny kisses. Really wanting to touch her everywhere, I ran my hand over her stocking-covered legs, from just above her knee, grazing down the soft skin at the back of her calf to her ankles. 

At the end of my third lap she guided my hand a little higher and said, "Take 'em off." 

I slid my hand under her dress to the top of her stockings and slowly moved around her leg until I reached the clasp of her garter-belt, managing to flip it open with my thumb and forefinger. I found the other clip and did the same. Sitting up I gathered the end of her stocking and slowly, ever so slowly, rolled it down. Changing hands enabled me to repeat my efforts on her other leg. 

I located a hypersensitive spot just behind her knee and continued to apply that little pressure she appeared to like. I moved my hand ever upwards until I had part of one cheek in my cupped hand, and started tracing circles with my fingers. I moved across and grazed her other butt cheek to be met with slow thrusting of her hips. Really starting to enjoy myself, I slid to my knees and used my mouth on her legs, beginning at one ankle and then moving north, inching her dress ever higher, until it sat bunched just above her hips. I slowly snaked my tongue around, and then into, her belly button, finding an extremely sensitive spot, causing a mini-orgasm - her whole core shuddered.

Glassy-eyed she stood, grasped my hand and led me to the open door down the hall. The urgency in her actions showed as she ripped off my shirt and threw it on the bed. She pushed me backwards onto the bed and climbed on top, pulling off my shoes, socks and slacks and leaving me on the bed in just my tented jocks, with a wet spot starting to appear. Back on her feet, she grabbed her dress in both hands and flipped it over her head, along with the already loosened bra.

"Wow!" was all I could say as I drank in the sight of her standing there wearing only a smile and her garter-belt. I sat up as she grasped the belt to remove it. I ordered her to leave it and turn around. Standing up I lowered my lips to her neck and shoulders then reached around and cupped her breasts, fondling each one in turn, as she pushed back into my still covered manhood. We "danced" in this position for a few minutes, this gorgeous woman loving the attention I was lavishing on her fantastic boobs as much I was enjoying giving it. 

I held her closely against me whilst we moved gently about the bedroom as one. Near the head of the bed she broke our connection and deftly bent over to flip on the clock radio to hear the soulful voice of Marvin Gaye singing "Let's Get It On!" come through the speakers. We both chuckled when we realised what song it was. Resuming our former position I continued to apply kisses to her neck, moving down to her shoulder blades, then lifting her arm and kissing, licking and nibbling that ultra-sensitive spot around her armpit, breathing and tasting her tangy, but womanly perspiration. I released her arm as I reached the side of her breast and noticed the strap marks from her bra had gone and the skin was flawlessly smooth. After all, her bra had now been undone for over 90 minutes. 

I remained bent over, applying little tongue caresses to each breast, not yet venturing to the nipples, but moving from left to right and back again. She loved it when I kissed the underside of each breast. She rubbed her hands over my back, kissing my shoulders when they were within her reach.

Deciding we both needed to be off our feet, she lifted my head, held out her finger to stop my next thought or action, then pushed me back onto the bed. My legs were still over the side of the bed as she knelt, slipped her hands in the waistband of my jocks and pulled them over my thighs, knees and off my feet. The net result of this action was to bring her face directly in line with my erection, now freed from the material constraints of my jocks and pointing straight out.

Pre-cum was still leaking as she enveloped me in her warm wet mouth. Her fingers were spread over my cheeks pulling me harder onto her face as her head bobbed up and down and she sucked the head deeply into her. Swirling her tongue around and into the opening had me harder than I could remember. The muscles in her mouth and tongue were doing overtime sliding down the vein and back to the tip. Truly the work of a gifted soul, I thought. I just rubbed the back of her head and hair, as I couldn't really reach too much else just at that moment. 

Then she surprised me by taking one of my balls and swirling it around her mouth. This caused me to jerk my hips forward humping the air. Somehow she then managed my whole scrotum into her mouth and jerked her hand up and down my prick. We could both feel my impending orgasm, but she used her thumb and forefinger to apply pressure to the base of my prick, allowing me to regather my composure. Again, she licked up and down my prick, again it came back to life with a vengeance; again some pressure from her thumb and forefinger at the base and I could breathe again.

I coaxed her mid-section towards my head and finally managed to get us into the classic "69" position, with her on top. It almost felt like some weird sort of competition. She ran her fingers through my "short and curlies," kissed, licked and sucked up and down my shaft without losing a beat, whilst I stuck my tongue as far into her warm wet folds as possible, causing a sharp intake of breath from her. 

Flattening my tongue I used it to lick each of her thick outer lips in turn. Lick up, lick down, turn to the left; lick up lick down and turn to the right. Soon after, I reached up to lightly pressure her clit with my thumb. She began to hump my face so I resumed licking the middle path and enjoyed the view from close-up.

With her hip movements becoming ever more aggressive, I knew she was close. I rubbed my right thumb through her wetness and then just pressed down on that highly sensitive spot between the vagina and the anal canal. She bucked into the pressure. I then moved my thumb backwards, maintaining the pressure until I'd covered her other hole with the flat part of my thumb. This sent her right over the edge. Every muscle from her rib cage down went into spasm. Her hips locked as her legs straightened, with her toes pointed due south, and feet shuddering in the air as wave after wave of orgasm flowed over her. 

"Uh! Uh-Ooh! Oooh-ooh! Oooh! Shit! Shit! Shit! Fuck! Fuck You! Ooooooooohhhh! That's sooo good! Yes! Yes! Goor! Gggeeerrrrr!!" were some of the sounds from her mouth with my head still locked firmly between her silken thighs and me continuing to lick up and down her labia as she came in one continuous rush for nearly forty seconds.

"Stop! Stop!" she gasped finally.

By this stage, we were both really sweaty and my face was covered again in her juices. She flipped around, sat on her haunches and leered at me, getting her breath back and brushing away any attempt by me to touch her anywhere.

Rocking forward after a minute or so of recovery, she grabbed my prick and, almost roughly, started to jerk me back to maximum stiffness. Maintaining her grasp with her long slender fingers, she rubbed the head through the wetness. (She was still dripping from her pussy, down her legs and even making a little pool on my stomach.) Then she lowered herself slowly onto the tip of my prick. Holding me in her fingertips, she stopped moving and adjusted herself before lowering her hips a little more, then up and down with just the head inside her. 

Her ability to maintain the depth, despite my thrusts, was amazing, until I noticed that the mirror on her dressing table was sitting at the perfect angle to let her watch her own performance. Talk about exercising your voyeuristic tendencies. She was watching my prick going in and out of her pussy, her lips stretching and contracting. 

She caught me watching her and explained, "Girls don't get the best view!"

From this position, she took control of the thrusting. Up and down, up and down she went, whilst I took the opportunity to play with her breasts some more. Hefting them slowly in my hands and feeling the weight, I caressed them, flicking the nipples with my fingers, until they protruded nearly half an inch. I wriggled backwards a bit and was able to raise myself towards a sitting position, still impaling this beauty, but now able to take her breast into my mouth, using my teeth to turn her nipples back into hard, extremely sensitive nubs. 

Knowing neither of us was going to last much longer, a superhuman effort allowed me to stand, still connected to Andi. The change of position increased the friction between us. She groaned as her body hummed. I started to overbalance and we ended up with her butt thumping loudly against the cold bedroom wall next to the bedroom door. She gasped again as I held her there against the wall with her toes barely scraping on the ground. The extra stimulation directly on her clit tipped her over the top - grabbing my head and sticking her tongue into my mouth as hard and fast as she could, as I kept pounding my prick upwards into her. 

She started cumming again, once again locking her legs straight down, toes pointed to the ground and panting whilst I held her off the ground. She reached both hands between us, one rubbing her clit and the other my balls. I started spurting into her just at the same time the door burst open and Cammie stood there, wearing nothing but her g-string, saying she'd been woken by a really loud thump and needed to check Andi was OK. 

She looked at us, sort of apologized for barging in and then said to Andi, "Fuck me, girl! You look so hot like that!" 

"Like that" was Andi impaled, supported against the wall with me still thrusting into and spurting inside her. What a rush! I think I was in too much shock from the interruption to stop moving when Cammie walked in, so I didn't.

She then leaned into Andi, kissed her again and, taking what appeared to be an ivory coloured vibrator from the drawer in the bedside table, walked out of the room saying, "Now I need a wank!" 

With one hand pulling the door shut, she looked me in the eye with a cheeky grin and used her other hand to tweak her bare and very erect nipple. 

Andi looked into my eyes as I turned back to her and said, "Thanks babe." We kissed each other slowly until we'd both subsided enough to separate. Relocating to the bed a minute or so later, we lit our smokes and finished the wine, laughing about the second "coitus interruption" of our night.

Crashing shortly after that, I woke in the morning with her hands and mouth around my morning erection. Once at full hardness she manoeuvred it into her warm sleepy and still very moist pussy for a leisurely early Saturday morning session.