 This is a story I wrote for a guy that was a little bi curious and wanted something to make him feel like he had been naughty with a guy but didn't want to cheat on his wife. 

Hi, my name is Jack and this is a story of how my wife and I became bisexual! Sue and I was having trouble in our marriage and was both thinking of going to a sex therapist, but we did not want to advertise to the person what was wrong. You see we both have felt like there was something missing in our marriage. 

I tried to get Sue to join a sex site and she said that was not her thing, but if I wanted to then go ahead. So I joined this sex site that you could put not only pics of yourself and also videos too, but decided I could do that so without telling her I joined it and made it as a couple so I could post her attributes as well as mine. 

A few times we both had pics of us taken in the nude and we have a few videos that I had put on a cd rom and I used it to post those on the profile. As soon as I did, there was so many flirts and men as well as women was commenting on them and even the men would tell me how much they wanted to suck my cock and fuck me. The women were commenting on my wife's pics also and that made me so hot and horny that I finally told Sue what I did.

She was shocked at first, but when I told her to just read all the comments on the pics and videos then she was intrigued. She said, "Jack, I am not mad at you for doing this, but I am upset cause you did not tell me what you did. But now that I have read all the comments then I think this is what we need. But the woman on woman thing I don't know if I can do that. But I would love to see you with other women and I would be hot to see you with a man."

"Sue, I am sorry I did not tell you, but you did tell me to go ahead and join a site and this is the one I joined and when it showed it could be as a couple then I thought go for it. I don't know if I want the man on man but if it will make our marriage spicier then I will do that and I will definitely will be with other women in your presence."

Sue said, "Jack did you see this envelope up here with numbers?"

I said, "No I didn't! Click on it and see what it is."

So Sue clicked on it and there were about 8 messages from various people and she read all of them aloud to me. But when she got to the last one then she went quite. I kept trying to read it and when I did then I was shocked! But it still turned me on too! It was from a guy and he said he was bi curious and has always wanted to see how it felt to be with a man but it had to be in his wife's presence.

"Sue, can you send him a message and tell him that we would like to meet, but want to get to know him for a bit to see what they like sexually. I want them to know what we both like sexually. Also ask him if he lets his wife have sex with other men. Ok?"

Sue said, "Ok Jack, I am typing all that in here and thank god I am a secretary cause I would not have been able to type all what you said that fast! hehehe"

So as soon as she stopped typing and sent it then we got a response from him again about 2 minutes later. 

The message said, 'My wife is a nympho and I can not keep up with her plus she definitely will have sex with you. We are both sitting here reading your message and we were both looking at all your pics. She definitely loves the shape of your cock and also the length. I do too! So we will tell you all about ourselves and what we like sexually. Would you like to see a pic of my cock and her pussy?'

Sue sent back a message and said, ' So you love my pussy and my husband's cock? MMMMMMMMMMMMMM interesting! And yes we would love to see pics of your cock and your wife's pussy.' Sue sent that message and when we got a response then we both gasped!

When Sue opened the message we were shocked at the guys wife's pussy. It was shaved and her labia was very dark and big with long lips that were so suckable. My cock got hard from just looking at it and Sue heard my breathing get heavier. She looked over at me and then she looked down at my groin area and noticed I had a tent in my pullover shorts. 

Sue said, "I see that you like what you see on her pussy! I like his cock too! Look at the veins on his thick 6 1/2 incher! WOW! It almost looks like he works out to make his veins stick out like a body builder's muscles do!"

I then noticed he had a cock like nothing I have ever seen. He was definitely porn material! I loved looking at guys big cocks on porn but never did I think of them as something I wanted to touch cause I wanted to just see if the woman could take all of it! But this cock was amazing and so hot! I could not take my eyes off of it!

I said, "Sue tell them we will be right back."

Sue said, "Ok why do you want me to tell him that."

After she told him that we would be right back then I took Sue's hand and guided her to the bedroom and sat her down and told her I will tell her if she would suck my cock while I told her. So she pulled my shorts and briefs down and took them off and got between my legs and started licking my cock head. I gasped when she did that cause I was so aroused to the point I could have cum if I had not edged myself. 

I said, "His wife's pussy was so sexy and hot and made me hard but when you pointed out his cock then my cock was throbbing so much I thought I was going to cum without touching myself and needed relief and this is how I want relief right now."

Sue never said anything, but she grinned and just kept on licking my cock head and when she deep throated my 5.5 incher I thought I had gone to heaven and did not want to come back! She then did something she has not done in years and licked my shaft all the way and took my balls in her mouth. Then she did something she has never done before and started licking my asshole and I moaned but when her tongue started rimming my ass and going deep then I told her to stop cause I wanted to give her a cum shot to her pussy so I could get used to eating not only my cum, but other guys cum cause I am going to lick it off your pussy. 

She turned over on her back so fast that I knew she wanted to see me do that! It must have made her so hot and horny cause while I was cumming on her pussy she was also having a orgasm and she was not touching herself, but I could see her pussy lips contracting and her eyes were closed. She opened up her pussy and her walls were contracting so much that my cum was able to go partly inside. I shot about 7 times before it started dribbling on my hand then dripped on her clit. 

As soon as I finished cumming I got down on my stomach and went to town on her pussy! The taste of my cum was salty and there was also a sweet taste to it. I wonder if it is because I eat a lot of fruit? But it was a fantastic taste and I wanted more so when I got all my cum licked up then I started licking her pussy and it did not take Sue very long to cum cause I lightly bit down on her clit and she went wild! So I just kept sucking on her clit and she kept cumming for what seemed like 10 minutes! 

When we came down from our orgasms then we went back to the computer and sent pics to him of what we just did! And what a response we got! They responded with: 'WOW! You just had to do that to us, didn't you? That is going to make us go and play now! We can not wait to meet you 2 and hope it is soon! But right now my wife is pulling on my cock to get me away from the pc so she can have what your wife just got! So be back as soon as we can.'

About 30 minutes went by and we got a response that said: 'Can we get your email address so we can send a video of us having sex?'

I sent them our email address and about 20 minutes later my pc sent me a notification telling me we had a email. So I went and sure enough it was from them and when we opened the link and started watching it, this is what we saw: The guy had straddled his wife's chest and was actually fucking her face literally and she was taking it like a pro! We were spellbound and could not even answer our phone which rang a couple of times. Sue was playing with her pussy as she watched the woman take all 6.5 inches of his cock down her throat with ease! Then the guy told her if they did not stop he was going to cum and he wanted to fuck her! So he lifted her up and turned around and rammed his thick cock into her pussy and she screamed with ecstasy. You could her saying, 'BOB, PLEASE FUCK ME HARD AND FAST! PUT YOUR COCK DEEP IN MY HOT DRIPPING CUNT!' 

I was getting hard again watching and started stroking my cock and Sue looked over at me and said, "Jack, this is so hot and it looks like they are pros at this! I want to meet them now! I can not watch any more until we meet them or I am going to not only rape you but rape every adult male in our neighborhood!"

"Ok Sue I will give them our cell phone and we can have them call us tonight. Is that alright with you?"

Sue said, "HELL YES!"

So I went back to the site and typed in the message giving them our cell numbers. They responded back that they will call my cell phone first and talk. The phone rang and there was a male voice on the other line saying after I said hello: " Hi, my name is Bob and my wife is Jessica! How are you?"

I said, "We are great and you 2 look so hot in the video and my wife demanded to meet you now!"

Bob laughed and said, "Well, it is Saturday night and we don't have to be at work till Monday morning so why don't my wife and I come over to your place since you 2 are new at this and will probably be nervous at first and would feel more at ease in your own home?"

Since I had it on speaker phone, Sue nodded her head and I said, "Sure Bob, that would be great. Our address is 501 Central Drive."

Bob, said, "WOW! That is only 5 blocks from us! I did not realize we were neighbors that close. I knew we all lived in the same town from our profiles but am so glad we live close by. We will be there in about an hour and a half."

About an hour and a half the doorbell rang and I went to answer it. There stood Bob and Jessica. WOW! They looked good! Jessica was wearing a short evening dress that was so low cut that her huge tits (38F) was spilling out of the dress! The dress was so short that her white thigh stockings were showing at the top and it appeared she had no garter belt holding them up. She had on fuck me heels. She had long brunette hair and the lightest blue eyes I have ever seen and I could drown in them. She was about 5'9" and weighed about 130 lbs. 

My cock sprang to life from that sight but it started throbbing when I looked Bob up and down. He was blonde with a dark tan and I bet my last dollar he had no tan line at all! He was built like a body builder and he was about 6'1" and weighed about 200 lbs. He was all muscle. He had baby blue eyes and I know me and my wife could drown in those!

I said, "Come on in and make yourself at home!"

Bob was holding a bag and handed it to me and said, "Lets go put this in the fridge to keep cool."

I took the bag to the kitchen and Bob followed me. He helped me to pour the wine into wine glasses and we put them on a tray and I carried them to the living room where Jessica was talking to Sue. They were laughing and when we handed each one their wine glass then Sue turned toward me and said, "Jack, do you mind if we get a little more comfortable and get things started cause Jessica has made me more comfortable than I realized I would ever feel around a female."

I said, "Sure you can."

Sue stood up and walked over to the stereo and put on some sexy music and then both Sue and Jessica started dancing as they started removing their clothes! WOW! They were doing a striptease for us, so both Bob and I decided to just sit down and watch what they were going to do. They started rubbing their hands down their hips so sexy and was swaying their hips seductively toward us and each other. Every time they would sway their hips toward us they would seductively remove a article of clothing but would tease us by showing skin and covering back up, but then all of a sudden they would take the article of clothing off. Neither one of them had panties or a bra on and their tits stood out proud with their nipples hard as erasers. Both actually had a dress on and they were soon naked in front of us!

But the one exception was Jessica was in front of me and Sue was in front of Bob. They started doing a lap dance on our crotches and we were so hard that it was getting uncomfortable with our pants on and we started squirming. Jessica noticed her husband was uncomfortable first and leaned over me and unbuttoned my pants then unzipped them. She started sliding my pants down over my legs and I looked over at Bob and Sue was doing the same thing to him. Then they both reached for the bottom of our shirts and pulled them over our heads. Neither one of us had underwear on so it did not take long to undress us.

Jessica straddled me and started doing the lap dance over my hard cock and started rubbing her pussy on my cock and she was very wet. In fact she was soaked. I could feel her juices flowing like she had came. I could smell her arousal and it had a effect on my senses so much that if something did not happen soon then I was going to cum right then and there without any stimulation except for her rubbing herself across my cock. She must have sensed that cause she then dropped to her knees and took my cock completely down her throat in one gulp. I gasped and exploded! I shot my gravy into her mouth and it was so intense that she had to take her throat off my cock and wrap her lips hard around the head of my cock cause I shot hard 7 times which was a record for me and then it started dribbling out of my cock and down her throat. She did not miss a drop at all.

As I was trying to get my breathing under control, I looked over at my wife and seen she was having trouble taking Bob's longer cock down her throat and was gagging so Jessica scooted over to them and was showing Sue how to relax her throat muscles so she could deep throat him. She would take him down her throat and suck on the base of his cock and I noticed she would stick her tongue out and lick Bob's balls! When I saw that my cock stood up again and I was shocked at how horny that made me. I was so engrossed that I did not realize that Bob had leaned over and I felt his mouth engulf my cock! I gasped!

I said, "Oh fuck! Shit! Damn! That feels so good!" His mouth was so hot on my shaft and he was working it like he was fucking me. I started fucking his face so fast. He must have been into it cause he did not back off from me fucking his face fast! He was working his tongue up and down my shaft as he sucked on it! Damn he was good!

Sue looked up at me and grinned and then looked over at Jessica and leaned over and started sucking on her nipples of each tit! That made me buck even harder and faster seeing that. I could not believe my wife was touching another woman! Then all of a sudden she reached down and slipped not one finger but two fingers in Jessica's pussy and that got me and I could not stand it any longer.

I told Bob. "I want to suck your cock too so let us do a 69 with one another."

When I said that then Sue screamed, "OH MY GOD! I AM CUMMING!" Sue was not even touching herself when she started cumming and Jessica squatted down under her pussy and started lapping at Sue's pussy and we could see the juices flowing which I have never seen Sue squirt but she was then! That made me take Bob's cock in my mouth and I started sucking him like I was hungry. I have never sucked a cock before but I was trying to do everything that I like done to me. I licked the head of his cock and all around the head. I even stuck my tongue in the slit. Bob was moaning and he was doing the same thing to me!

I heard Jessica tell Sue to go over to Bob's ass and rim him and then I felt Jessica at my backdoor! I have never been rimmed before and I did not know Sue did that! But she was! I felt not only my cock being sucked but my ass being licked and tongue fucked by Jessica. I was in heaven and I don't want it to ever go away! 

I felt Bob take his mouth off my cock and he said, "Jack, I want you to fuck my ass!" 

He handed me a condom and I rolled it on and Jessica was sucking my cock and Sue had some Astroglide and put a fair amount on Bob's ass and then she put some on my cock after Jessica stopped sucking me. I lined up my cock with his rosebud and put a fair amount of pressure on his hole until my cockhead slipped passed his sphincter muscle and we both gasped. His ass muscle closed down so tight around my cock that I felt like I was fucking a virgin ass! He started moaning and I started working more into his ass until I was balls deep. He started backing into my cock and that gave me a clue to start fucking his ass!

I looked over at Jessica and Sue and they were going to town on each others pussies in a 69 position! That made me ram my cock so hard into Bob's ass that I felt a button inside which I realized was his prostrate and he started fucking me fast. I started pumping his ass while he fucked me back so hard and fast that it looked like we were rutting one another like a rabbit would do! I could feel his ass muscles contract around my cock and it was so intense that we both exploded together and he did not even touch his self! He actually shot his load all over the floor. I came at the same time and it was so hard that he told me later he could feel the strength of my cum that it felt like someone had taken a sprayer and put it in him full force!

We both fell to the floor in his cum and just watched our wives go to town on one another. They were licking not only each others clit and tonguing their pussies but we could also see them rimming each others asses and fingering them too! All of a sudden Jessica told Sue to fist her. I had never seen that before and I know Sue had never done it before. So Jessica told her to guide each finger then her thumb into her pussy and then curl her fingers up and slowly push her hand into her pussy! WOW! Sue finally got her whole hand in Jessica's pussy and was fucking her with her hand and part of her arm! 

That was so hot to watch and both Bob and I had instant hardons from watching. Bob stood up and walked over to Sue and put his cock in her mouth and started face fucking her. I stood up and put my cock in Jessica's mouth and started face fucking her too! We got into it so much that neither one of us wanted to cum at all and was enjoying their saliva dripping out of their mouths and dripping onto the floor! Sue finally pulled her hand from Jessica's pussy and Bob had her get on her hands and knees. He rammed his cock into her wet and dripping pussy and started fucking her hard and fast and so damn deep that she was moaning loud!

I started to put Jessica on her hands and knees, but she told me to lay down and she straddled me cowgirl style! I sank balls deep in her pussy! It was so damn tight it felt like Bob's ass but wetter! I could hear the juices of her pussy slurping at my cock as I pumped in and out of her! She kept screaming at me, "FUCK ME! FUCK IT HARD!" She moaned as she grabbed my hips and bounced on my cock as it slammed into her cervix with each bounce.

I screamed, " OH FUCK! AAH, YEAH! FUCK ME!" I groaned as she rode me like a stallion. The feelings in my cock as the tight folds of her pussy was incredible! Pussy gravy poured over my cock and balls as she bounced up and down on my cock and I pumped into her hard fast and deep. All that could be heard in the house was the sound of our moans of delight and the wet slap of her pussy against each others skin. The sight of my cock going in and out of her pussy was enough to send me over the edge! 

I screamed, "I'M CUMMING! AAH! YES! CUMMING ALL OVER YOU! AAH TAKE IT!"
