 Katie stood in front of the bulletin board, reading notices and postings for student jobs.  She had thought she could make it with her loans and the part time job at the mall, but she needed a little more cash on hand.  Then she saw it.                     

READERS NEEDED.  HOURS FLEXIBLE.
VISUALLY CHALLENGED STUDENTS IN
NEED OF STUDY COMPANIONS. GOOD 
PAY, COMFORTABLE WORK AREA.
APPLY AT 555-0503, 9AM-5PM.

It sounded ideal. She had some little pockets of time available and she was a good reader. She also enjoyed interacting with others. She jotted down the number, planning to call after morning classes.

A few hours later, when she hung up the phone, she not only had a new job, but her first assignment. It seemed easy enough. She would meet a student in one of the study areas of the library. He would bring his reading list and she would read to him, explaining pictures and diagrams. Each week, she would submit her total hours to the state and then a check would arrive a few days later. It seemed like a painless way to make some extra money.

Katie was nervous before the first meeting. What if she said something wrong, something politically incorrect? She would just have to be very careful with her words. She arrived a few minutes early, securing the room, repositioning the furniture to prevent any accidental bumping. She had just settled into a chair when the door opened and her first student appeared. He was accompanied by a large brown dog, and walked confidently into the room. 

Katie took a minute to observe him as he entered. Russell Wilson was very attractive. She wasn't sure what she had expected, but she was pleasantly surprised. He was tall, with dark wavy hair and a very nice body. He had the look of someone who worked out frequently. As he neared her, she was drawn to his eyes, his beautiful eyes. They were the clearest grey she had ever seen. When he extended his hand to her, she felt he looked into her soul. 

After introductions, they settled down to work. Russell gave her a list of the assignments they would be working on together, and then sat back and smiled. "Tell me about yourself, Katie. It would be a better working relationship if we could be friends too."

Katie blushed. She hated talking about herself. It was hard for her to share things, especially about her life. It was much easier to just go along, doing what needed to be done, getting through her days, blending in. But Russell was right, if they were going to spend hours together, it would be good to get to know one another a little.

She decided to give him the short version of her life so far. "I am an only child, raised in a small farming community in Iowa. My mom died when I was 16. She had never gone past high school and wanted me to have a college education and see the world. So, here I am. I am majoring in International Studies and loving it. I want to travel, go to wonderful places and make a difference. Pretty lame, huh?"

Russell smiled at her, his entire face lighting up. "Not lame at all, I want the same things. The only difference is that I will see the world with my buddy, Fred." At the mention of his name, the dog looked up and wagged his tail, hard.

Suddenly, Katie felt at ease with her new friend. She felt herself relaxing, leaning back in the chair and taking a deep breath. Reaching for his book, she began to read to him, enjoying the flow of words and the comfortable atmosphere. Amazingly, the hour flew by. It seemed only seconds later when Russell's watch alarm chimed. Katie was disappointed, she had been enjoying herself. They set a schedule for meetings and then walked out of the library together.

Her weeks took on a nice rhythm. her classes, her part-time job at the mall, her friends, and ...Russell. Slowly, he became an important part of her life. She looked forward to seeing him, being with him. More and more, they spent a few extra minutes talking about their own lives, both before and after the reading time. Actually, she talked about her life. He was good at helping her open up, helping her express her feelings. He was a great listener.

Russell was intrigued by Katie. Her voice was soft and sweet, her manner kind and careful. She sounded wonderful. He listened to her, feeling her pain and isolation and felt he had found a kindred spirit. She didn't seem the average college coed, she was mature beyond her years. He felt her pain at losing her mom, her pride in her dad and the struggle he had gone through to send her away to college. He understood her torn feelings of wanting to grow up, yet wanting to stay with her dad and comfort him. He began to look forward to their reading sessions, even inventing extra class work to have more time with her. 

On Katie's part, she could have spent all her time with him. He made her feel special. When he sat with her, listening intently to her words, giving her invaluable advice, she felt she was the only person in the world. If she began to feel, well, drawn to him, she chose to ignored it. 

One day, while they talked, Russ put his hand on her arm. It felt so warm and soft, so right. She looked down, saw his long fingers resting on her burning skin, felt his touch deep in her soul.

Another day, he leaned close to say something, and she inhaled his special scent, a mixture of soap and spice, that was enticing.

Russell was trying to be careful, but Katie tantalized him. He found reasons to touch her arm or move close to her. In his mind, he imagined what she looked like, how her eyes sparkled or her mouth curved into a smile. For the first time, he wished he could see, just for a moment, so he could have her image in his head forever. 

It seemed that they spent more time talking and less on studying. Katie felt guilty about this, but Russ insisted that she was a perfect tutor. 

Mid-terms were coming up, and he was ready for all of them. It was spring and beautiful outside, too beautiful to be locked in a library. Katie suggested they study on the grass, in a quiet place she knew near her dorm. They met at the library and walked together, with Fred. Katie took his arm, less from necessity than from a need to touch him.

They settled on a big plaid blanket, books opened, but ignored. Talk flowed easily between them. Russell told her about being blind, an overdose of oxygen right after birth. Despite never having seen, he could imagine colors and textures and patterns. He didn't feel sorry for himself, rather he considered it an advantage, giving his mind an extra facet. 

Katie told him about her mother. She rarely talked about her mom, because she had been so special and shouldn't be the subject of casual chat. But Russell was different. He understood things, saw things others didn't.

The outdoor studying became the norm. It was such a extraordinary campus and Katie loved being there. She described it to him, every detail, helping him see through her eyes. One day, Russ brought a new book along. After the study session, he opened it. At first it appeared the pages were blank, then Katie noticed the tiny dots. Braille. Lying on his stomach, Russ began reading from the book, his elegant fingers sliding over the page. Katie was mesmerized. All she could think about were his hands on her, learning her. She blushed at the thought. She was so intent on her fantasy, she almost missed his words.

"Love isn't blind, it just only sees what matters." He was looking directly at her, as if he could see into her mind and into her heart. The words touched her, gave her pause. Did he mean them for her, or was he only reciting? Russ continued reading from the book, scanning the Braille quickly. Lying beside him, Katie allowed his voice to lull her, cradle her. 

Russ felt her close by, inhaled her special scent, heard her breathing. He wanted to tell her how much she meant to him, but he couldn't. He had never allowed himself to become involved with anyone, was afraid to become entwined in a relationship that might hurt him and leave him devastated. Each day, he became more sure of his love for Katie, his desire for her, but he had decided never to express it. 

She wanted to tell him how she felt. It was important to share this with him, but she couldn't. She had been protected all her life and only given her heart once. Jack had appeared to be perfect for her, compatible in all ways. Yet, when it was all over, he had left her, breaking her heart and leaving it in aching pieces. She was not willing to suffer like that again. So, she kept her own counsel, holding her feelings for Russell inside, always careful not to betray the way she longed to be near him, held in his arms. 

Once mid-terms were behind them, they became even more relaxed. Katie began packing a simple picnic lunch to share. They spent hours outdoors, talking and sharing. Lying beside him on the blanket made Katie's heart pound, her throat dry and her body ache. But she didn't want to risk this wonderful friendship by exposing her burgeoning feelings.

She might never have shared them, might never have found love if an unlikely rain storm hadn't erupted. One minute, they were lying together on the blanket, bathed in the warm sunshine, then the sky went dark and the heavens opened. Katie leapt up, gathering books and papers, wrapping the picnic stuff in the blanket, and grabbing Russell's hand. They sped across the lawn, heading for her dorm. Fred thought it was great fun and circled them, barking and frolicking. 

When they reached the dorm, the lights were out. Katie guided Russ up the stairs to her room, maneuvering through the total blackness of the stairwell awkwardly. She was grateful to open the door and find a meager light from the windows filling the hallway. She opened her door, inviting Russ in, the first male to ever enter her room. She began to apologize for the mess, then realized it wasn't really necessary. Guiding Russ to her desk chair, she moved about the room, lighting candles to dispel the gloom. She reached into her closet and pulled out some towels, offering one to Russ. They were both soaked. As he mopped his arms, she realized his shirt was completely wet and insisted he remove it. He did. What she had always suspected was true. He was well-built, the body of a man who worked out and took care of himself. She stood before him, mesmerized by his sculpted muscles.

She couldn't stop herself. She reached out with a shaky hand and touched his chest, feeling the soft furriness, the tight muscle. She didn't even realize she was holding her breath until she released it with a loud sigh. 

Russ was so closely tuned into the audio world, he caught the sigh, he even felt the palpable electricity in the room. Standing there, a towel in his hand, he suddenly knew. All the time he had been wanting Katie, wanting to touch her and hold her, she had wanted it too.

He spoke, his voice soft in the silence. "Katie, let me help you. I want to dry you, make you warm, keep you warm. Come here, little one, and let me." 

Katie stepped closer, accepting his invitation. Throwing the towel over his shoulder, Russell reached out with both hands and found her shoulders, just holding her for a moment. Then his fingers, his elegant fingers, began unbuttoning her wet shirt. She shivered, not from the cold. His fingers moved down her blouse, setting the skin beneath on fire. When it was opened, he slid the shirt off, letting it fall to the floor. 

Slowly, in absolutely no rush, Russell moved his fingers over her cold body, sending waves of warmth through her. He found the tiny hook for her bra and opened it, pushing it aside and cupping her full breasts. Her nipples hardened instantly against his palms and his breath caught. He leaned down to her, finding her mouth unerringly, covering it with his own. At first, the kiss was gentle exploration. But his desire to know overcame him and he moved his lips with more insistence. Katie opened her mouth, accepting his searching tongue, welcoming it. With deliberation, he traced her lips, her teeth. He plunged into her hot little mouth, setting up a rhythm that his hips matched. He washed her lips, coating them and sucking them. He teased her, taunted her, invited Katie to play with him. They kissed until they were weak with desire. Still joined at the lips, Katie moved them toward her little twin bed, falling upon it happily, feeling Russ's weight on her. Now, their bodies were pressed closely together, her hardened nipples scraping his bare chest, aligned completely. Still they kissed. Two people who were starving for each other, needing each other. His hands moved up and down her spine, easily counting each tiny bone, reading her with his fingertips.

As much as he loved kissing her, Russell had a lifetime of questions to answer. With an almost apologetic last kiss, he moved his mouth to her chin, her cheeks, her neck, tasting Katie. His fingers traced her downy flesh, learning her contours. He combed through her hair, finding it long and silky. He massaged her face, feeling for the first time the dimples he always knew were there. Down her neck, he noticed it was slender and long. Her shoulders were a miracle of form. His hands moved relentlessly to her breasts. His breasts now. He held them in his palms, cupped them, molded them. They were perfect. The nipples were taut, bumply beneath his fingers. He moved toward them, to just kiss them lightly. He hadn't anticipated the drugging sensation of a hard nipple in his mouth for the first time. He couldn't stop suckling, licking, pulling on them. 

Katie held his head, encouraged him. She moaned beneath him, arching her back, offering herself to his questing mouth, begging him not to stop. In his dark world, Russell could see these nipples, imagine the way they would harden and swell from his touch, nearly reaching to his mouth. His hands ran up and down her sides, feeling her velvety skin, so perfect.

Russell finally wanted more. Kissing each engorged nipple, he continued his journey, finding her flat tummy and showering it with angel bites. When he encountered her waistband, he quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, ridding her of them. Now, she was all his. Only the thinnest wisp of silk covered her, kept her from him. He carefully explored the panties with his sensitive fingertips, finding the low elastic band, the row of lace, the dampness of the crotch. Her perfume invaded his head, filling him with desire.

He pulled the panties down and off. Now, his fingers read her, as she had dreamed he would do. He found her curlies and teased them, combed them. Then, his finger found the slit that had swollen for him. He traced the line, feeling her excitement, hearing her tiny moans. He lowered his face, burying it in the thick curls, inhaling her scent. He felt her legs fall open, knew she was offering herself to him. He separated the thick lips, using just his tongue, sliding in and out of that luscious gap. 


Katie's hips thrust in unison with his tongue. His fingers moved up to capture her nipples again, gently squeezing and pulling them as his mouth continued to devour her. He kissed her pussy, french-kissed it really, using his tongue to probe her depths repeatedly. 

It was his first pussy, his first anything, and Russell wanted to savor it. He licked and stroked and nuzzled, his face buried between her legs. He explored her carefully, finding every little crevice, every fold. Then, he found her clit. His tongue slid over it, causing her to moan aloud and push against his face.

He wasn't sure what he had done, but he loved her reaction and eagerly repeated his movements. Katie continued to moan and grind herself against him, calling his name. Seconds later, she erupted in a series of pulsing spasms. She held his head to her, keeping his tongue in contact with her throbbing clit. She soaked his face with her juices, as he lapped happily.

When she finally relaxed, he moved up her body, poised once again over her. His jeans were rough on her delicate inner thighs, his knee pressed against her wet pussy. She rode his thigh as they kissed, rubbing herself, her sensitive clit responding to the stimulation. She could feel another orgasm building, and reached the peak as he took her nipple into his mouth again. He sucked in time with her thrusting pelvis, and the electrical current ran straight from her breast to her pinkness. Her thighs tightened together, holding his leg captive against her. This time her cries were deep and guttural, her fingers embedded in his bare back. 

Then, satisfied, she wanted to give him pleasure too. Her small fingers opened his jeans, pushed them down, with his boxers. She allowed herself the joy of seeing his naked body beside her. The candlelight flickered over his smooth skin, making it golden. Closing her eyes, entering his world, Katie used her fingertips to learn him, tracing Russell from his forehead down to his toes. His engorged cock bobbed angrily, but she avoided any contact with it. She could see the precome dripping down the shaft, and ached to taste it, but refrained. In the darkness, she learned her lover, inch by inch. 

Russ was lying on his back, Katie leaned over him. She kissed his mouth, her full breasts heavy on his chest. Her fingers moved constantly, her mouth followed. When she enveloped his nipplets in her warmth, he thought he would go insane. She teased him, lightly stroking with her eager tongue, kissing and laving the flesh that had grown so excited. 

Katie didn't have the patience to wait. She moved down his body, loving it, enjoying it, but wanting more. When her mouth finally reached his cock, she intended to slip past it, but it was too tempting. Standing tall, hard and swollen, with an engorged purple head, it was too inviting. She couldn't wait. Katie slipped her mouth over the head, gently sucking it. She planned to stop here, but couldn't. Her lips slid lower and lower, finally taking his entire length into her needy warmth, sucking deeply. Russell couldn't stay still. his hips pushed up and against her mouth, encouraging her. It felt so right, to be completely wrapped in her. This was perfect. Russell never wanted her to stop.

But Katie needed more. She kissed his cock one last time and climbed up his long body. Straddling his tummy, she leaned forward to kiss him, capturing his hands in her own, above his head. Then she lifted her hips, sliding back, until she was poised over his throbbing dick. With one last kiss, she impaled herself on him, feeling him plunge completely inside her, filling her, becoming part of her. 

The sensation was so tremendous that Russ nearly came. To feel her silky pinkness surround him, caress him, was nearly his undoing. It was only because she held so still that he was able to control himself. She waited for his signal, then began moving. Up and down, back and forth, pulling him deeply inside of her heat, then lifting nearly off, then plunging again. His hips quickly learned the rhythm and they danced, enjoying the sensations of being together. 

Katie could feel him swelling inside of her. She could feel his balls tightening against her ass. His hands gripped hers tightly and his eyes appeared to be looking into her. "I love you, Katie. I have for some time. I love that this is you and me together, that we are discovering it together. God, I love ..." His words were cut off by his moan as he filled her with come. She held him close and whispered softly, using her muscles to milk his cock fully.

She stretched full length on his body, her head resting on his chest, his heart pounding beneath her ear. His fingers, now released, slid through her hair, holding her close. His softened cock slid from her, reluctantly.

" 'Love isn't blind, it just only sees what matters.' I meant that for you, Katie. Thank you for helping me see."
