 Thank you all who sent such positive comments or simply enjoyed the first part of this story.  I'm sorry for the delay in posting this, alas life can get in the way at times.

"Must you ruin my post orgasm glow with that smug look?"

"It's not my fault you can't handle losing.  Besides what you are really pissed about is that you know you didn't lose to me, you lost to yourself.  For such a control freak, you certainly didn't show much control."

My eyes glare red hot through you trying to be mad at you knowing deep down that you are right.  I am not mad at you in the least, but I can't very well give the look of death to myself now can I?  I turn away for a moment trying to clear my head and enjoy the last waves of pleasure that are still crashing over me. 

"You really have got to learn that not having control can bring more pleasure than you think.  You don’t have to be riding my cock barking orders at me for me to see you as or for you to feel like a sex goddess.  Honestly hun, watching you when you stop that and just become so consumed with getting off is just as fucking sexy.  And the fact that you have the two of them combined makes me cum so hard I fear my brain is going to just ooze out of my ear one of these days." 

"Oh baby, now that’s a hot visual," I snicker.

"Oh you know what I mean. Now shut up and spread your legs. Its time for me to claim my spoils."

I do as you command. My legs spread apart, exposing my slit. Your hand moves up my thigh, your fingers reach my sex, still warm and wet.  They dip into my folds rubbing back and forth gathering the remnants of my orgasm. Lifting your fingers to your face, breathing in my sent before you taste the evidence of my pleasure.

Your eyes scan the floor clearly looking for something but what I don’t know. You lean down and pick up something as you lift it I see its your tie. You take my hands and lift them over my head then stop dropping the tie to the floor.

"No, that’s too easy. I think my little control freak needs another chance to prove how much control she really has," you say as a wicked smile plays across your lips.

Hands tracing down my arms over my breasts, my stomach, passing over my mound and then down my legs.  Your eyes following every movement, burning my skin.

"No touching, no moving your legs.  No taking anything into that mouth that I don't put there.  You lose control this time and not only do I stop, but I will tie those hands and leave you there." All the playfulness is lost in your voice, I'm well aware that you are completely serious. 

My body responds to your authoritative tone with greater arousal even as my mind begins to fill with apprehension.  Straddle my chest you start to stroke your cock, squeezing it, tugging on it.  So close to my face yet impossible for me to have. My eyes transfixed watching it harden, my mouth longing to take it in, to taste the sweat on your shaft.  My tongue dying to swirl in your hole and lap up the first tastes of your pre cum.  The frustration arouses me more than I ever expected it could. The first drops come to your head and a small sigh escapes my lips.  Smiling, your thumb brushes across your head gathering them.  Moving your thumb under my nose, the musty smell of cum and sweat filling my nostril.  My eyes begging, you rub my bottom lip.  My tongue licking at my lips, your offering only making me more aware of how at your mercy I am.

Turning around, your lips softly kissing down my body.  Your hard cock dangles in front of me teasing me.  My eyes fixed on it, watching the veins pulse my breath joining your rhythm. 

Sucking my breasts into your lips, your tongue circling my areola closing in on my hard nipple.  Just before you reach it you move your mouth away and move to my other breast. The nipple you left aching.  You repeat your sweet torture leaving both my nipples aching.  Your hands cup my breast pushing them together my hard nipples rubbing against one another.  I whimper as you blow cool air across them. My pussy is now so aroused I can feel the wetness on my thighs, my clit throbbing so hard it borders on pain.  

Closing my eyes, unable to stare any longer at your hard cock in my face.  Your warm lips leave a wet trail down my stomach, every kiss bringing me closer and closer to the edge.

My whole body alive, needing you so badly yet unable to take you.  Feeling your tongue lick across my hips and thighs your saliva framing my pussy.  Dripping with lust, feeling your warm breath, fingers reaching out to it, spreading my lips.  You stop, staying there for what seems like an eternity, your breath teasing me. My pussy desperate to reach out and grab your fingers, your tongue, anything. 

Licking the length of my slit flat and hard your tongue finally entering me.  I moan loudly, approvingly as your tongue circles my clit. Slowly the tip of your tongue swirls around and around the sides of my clit as it throbs.  Lips surround it suck it, hum softly on it.  Fingers enter my hole, slowly moving in and out of it.  Then pumping faster and harder as your mouth increases the suction on my clit.  I can feel the waves of pleasure building, so close to crashing over me.  Willing you to go further, harder deeper. 

Then it all stops, fingers out of me, lips leaving my clit, suddenly, cruelly.  Opening my eyes as I feel the weight of your body on my chest.

"You think this is going to be that easy? I'm insulted." You say as you stroke your cock.

I watch you stroking your cock, your head swollen, red, glistening with precum.  You press your head to my skin wiping it off in a wet trail down my body till I feel it teasing my pussy. Your head running up and down my slit, around my aching clit over and over again.

Your head finally pushes into my hole.  You hold it there, letting me feel it throb as I try and squeeze it, to urge it inside me anyway I can.  Without warning it slams deep inside me. I scream with shock and delight.  My walls squeezing you tight as you move in and out of me. Slowly, deliberate in your every move, you start to build.  Strokes become faster, more demanding, working my every nerve.  I feel those waves building and I shut my eyes praying that this time you'll let them crash.

Again you stop, pulling out of me, climbing back up and settling again on my chest.  Opening my eyes to see your cock wet with my juices, your hand sliding up and down your shaft.

You put your head to my lips, letting me feel it throb against them.  The delicious taste of our passions dripping into my mouth. Pushing your head into my mouth, my tongue lapping at it, swirling around it greedily.  Your shaft sliding against my lips, pushing your head to the back of my throat.  Your hips start to pump your cock in and out of my mouth.  My lips closed tight around it, sucking you hard as my tongue licks you feverishly.  Looking up at you, I see your head back eyes shut totally enjoying the feeling of your cock fucking my mouth. Soft moans escape your lips as your hips increase your pace driving you harder, faster into my mouth and closer to release.

Looking at you in your total state of ecstasy I know you are close now. My pussy aches to be touched and I clench my hands resisting its call.  Your cock begins to quiver slightly in my mouth. I suck as hard as I can, pushing you over the edge. You pull your cock back leaving me room to lap at your head as you shoot your hot cum down my throat.  Your cock goes limp in my mouth, spent and you pull it from my mouth, rubbing the last drops that cling to your head across my lips.

You sit back on my chest your body limp from your orgasm.  A smile plays across your lips as you reach behind you and begin to rub my slit.  My clit throbs in response its every pulse screaming for attention.  Your finger toy with my lips parting them with two fingers as your index finger lightly strokes up and down.

Your fingers slip from my lips and plunge inside my hole stretching me as you pump them in and out.  I moan loudly, the urgent desires of my pussy vocalized.  Your fingertips rubbing my walls, massaging them, drawing more and more juice from them.  You slide off my chest, your face positioning between my legs.  Your tongue reaches out to lick my juices as they flow from my hole.  Your fingers slide out of my hole and move to my hard clit, furiously they grind it against my body.  Every nerve in my body tingles with delight as your fingers bring me closer and closer to nirvana.  Your tongue swirls inside my hole, lapping up the wetness that flows from it.  My moaning building louder and louder, guttural tones echoing the primal needs inside me.  Your fingers and tongue responding to my call, moving faster harder, driving me closer and closer to the abyss, to that point where control is lost.  My body begins to tense, bracing itself.  The first ripples travel from the epicenter of my pussy, warming my thighs and stomach.  Your mouth engulfs my pussy, sucking it dry of my juices causing the second quake to rip through my body.  Moaning, the pitch of my voice fluctuates as the after shocks of my orgasm rip through my body.  Finally you release my pussy. You look up at me, your face glistening drops of my cum dripping from your chin. Your tongue reaches out to lick what it can from your face. Your body slides up over mine till your lips reach my ears. Softly you whisper "I told you no matter what, you win."

My arms wrap around you, holding you tight victorious smiles on both our faces.