 Today I saw you a thousand times...every woman who walked by, whose scent passed my nose. Knowing I would not meet up to your standards, I imagined my being able to blindfold you and slowly strip you bare. Piece by piece your clothes vanished away to reveal your silky skin. Careful only to let my hands touch you I fear your body feeling my body in a way opposite of what you have fantasized about.

Keeping the scenery fair, I undress you from behind letting my breath trace the outline of you body as your clothes hit the floor. Your blouse first then your shorts. I notice the small hairs on your naked shoulders standing, I feel your first quiver... I reach around and cup your bra covered breasts. Nipples erect, I feel your nipple rings and remember to brush them lightly, to caress them and gently tug to let you know they make me hot. I massage your tits slowly and yet forcefully before I eventually unclasp your lace and silken bra. Careful not to drop it, I follow it to the floor, my tongue tracing the curve of your back...stopping at the top of your red thong. I can smell you now, your heat covers my cheek and my tongue yearns to taste you...to enjoy you... 

Your ass cheeks quiver as the intensity builds. Your legs tremble as my fingers softly float past you stocking covered thighs, calves and finally to your well fit high heeled shoes. Your shoes stay on to help adjust for the height difference. I admire your red stockings and how the contrast with your black garter and shoes. I stand and place my hands on your now naked breasts, lifting them ever so gently from underneath...taking your nipple rings between my thumb and fore finger...

...you gasp and lean your head back...your hair bruising my chest. The first of many moans escapes you mouth and your pussy begins to tingle.

Slowly you lean your tight ass back towards my cock and are shocked that you feel only the smallest of lumps. "He said he was small..."----then you feel it begin to grow. hardening more and more until it is firm between the crack of you luscious cheeks.

I remove the blindfold and you realize that you are facing your curtainless window. You see your reflection in the black night in the window and flinch...a man twice your width and dwarfing you in size is gazing at your reflection as well...even in the reflection you can see his pleasure in your nakedness...hands now tracing your stomach I encounter another piercing...my cock throbs as I think about licking your tummy and taking your piercing in my mouth while I caress your tiny breasts...I choose to stay behind you and let you continue to imagine this new lover...within seconds I am pulling your ass into me and covering your warm, moist mound.

You feel a force moving you forward and you follow the lead. You fell a sharply cool pang hit your nipples as your breasts encounter the window...then your tummy, your shoulders and finally your legs and forehead. You raise your hands above your head and place them palm flush against the window wondering if anyone else is able to see in through your private window...You are able to see your reflection cascading through the evening night because of the soft candle light adorning your naked body.

You try to strengthen your stance as you feel a bead of sweat trailing down your back...down...down...then as it reaches the small of your back, you gasp as my tongue engulfs the bead and continues to stay in contact with your naked flesh...up the middle of your back...between your shoulders...coming to rest on the right side of your neck...where...I lightly nibble causing you to moan and lean into my teeth. You let go the windows and grab the back of my head entangling your fingers in my hair. The full weight of your body rests on your window pane...your nipples now being teased even more by the coolness of the window in contrast with the steel through your nipples...

I continue to feed on your firm skin while my fingers separate the material of your thong and your skin...pulling them even farther apart I lift slightly causing you to tiptoe ever so slightly...raising up to enjoy every wisp of sensuality that now is flooding the room...

I lower your panties to your mid thigh...where you wiggle against me until the slide past you knees...calves and land softly on the carpet under your beautifully covered feet...

My hands return to your waist...and slowly move forward...placing the slightest pressure on your nakedness...further...slowly...further...till my hand is cupping your neatly trimmed cat...

I gasp...It feels as beautiful as you have described...your smooth lips feel warm under my palm as my middle finger slightly separates your mound and is met with wet passion. You loose my hair immediately and reach for the window...

You again place your palms on the window and push back into me...at least you try as I lean into you and pin you helplessly against your only escape...the window is now the reflection of your body and passion as your heat has caused the untouched part of the pane to mist over with a fog often seen only in the most passionate of dreams...

Your breasts feel alive against the cool window and the moisture from your pussy clouds the window...a new cloud hits the window as the warmest of air exits your mouth as my now erect member slides between your thighs and rests softly underneath your dripping mound. 

Slowly you squeeze your thighs together...then relax, then squeeze again...a smile hits your flushing face as you realize the tiny wonder you had felt below my waist earlier is now more apt to satisfy your intensifying carnal wants and desires...

As I slowly release my pressure on you...you lean away from the sweat covered pane unaware of anything around except the flickering of the candles and the soft tones coming from a speaker somewhere in the room. You slowly let your ass follow the lead of my member as I retract it from between your legs. As I slip away from you I cringe and flex to control the possible early explosion that I feel...caused by the intensity of the sex that flows through every vein of your body. I lean down slowly and kiss every inch of your shoulders, upper back, mid back, lower back...and finally focusing on the meaty curve that was once hid your now removed thong.

Left hand on left cheek, right hand on right I slowly massage the muscles that draw the look of so many when covered in tight jeans or shorts, or scantidly clad in an almost indecent swim suit. Instinctively, you push, palms on the window, ass in the air, further back into my hands begging them to knead and touch you harder... 

So they do...every inch they aren't covering, I cover with my tongue and lips...kissing...licking...nibbling...

I slowly run my right hand down your ass and gently slide it to the back of your thigh...toward the middle ...and finally between your legs that are moist with sweat. Palm upturned, I cover your aching mound and begin to gently massage your entire area. Your clit still covered by the lips of your cat becomes full and erect...my palm begins to sweat as I now hold your entire womanhood in the palm of my powerful palm...

Gently you begin to rock back and forth...back and forth as I hold your mound securely. Not yet grinding, you begin to gently move your body into my hand. I hear your palms squeak on the window pane as you try to secure your position and push downward onto my arm. One hand comes down and covers mine...you gently push mine onto your now wet cat even more...I can feel your legs tremble...you tiptoe in an effort to get as much of your aching nakedness onto my hand as is possible...the sweat beads have tripled on your body and now cover enough area that they begin to travel down your supple curves and land on my arm, hand and legs. 

Your breathing has quickened and your entire body seems flush with excitement...where are you...what are you thinking about? oh...ah...ooh...they all grace your shortened vocabulary...mmm...yes...your moves become more controlled, more deliberate. 

The window is no longer an outline of your magnificent body caused by the heat off your body...it has become a blur of sweat, handprints, and hot breath...you can see where your hair has drawn waves into the moisture, where your breasts have circled on the glass, where your nipples have written on the sweaty pane...

oooh...ooooh...yes...mmmm...

You gently insert my middle finger into your pussy and squeeze my hand as I become drenched with your desire...slowly...in...out...in...out...circle...in out...circle...I gently slide my finger out and glide along under your body till I feel your ass, your pucker is tight...I move to your honey again...dip my finger in and when I meet your pucker again it is relaxed...you shift your feet outward...lean back and your body begs for me to finger your ass...

Not yet...I again, trace your underside and dip my finger into your purring wet cat...trace backwards and as I pass your ass, I lick my finger and taste your sweetness, smell your lust...my finger still wet from my mouth I gently place it inside your beautifully sculpted cheeks...onto your puckering pink hole and finally, slowly insert it into you causing you to whimper with excitement...in...out...in...out...my other hand now rests on your pussy and I insert my middle finger into your other wet hole...now in unison I fuck you with my fingers...you rock in perfect rythm as your sweat pours and your pussy purrs...

With one swift move I...

...spin you around towards my wanting tongue...I have no time to even marvel at your beauty from the front as you grab the back of my head and thrust my face into your steaming mound...I can taste the honey dripping from you before my tongue even parts my lips ...you throw your leg over my shoulder as your back now braces the rest of your weight against the window pane that is now a canvas of your lust...you continue to paint on it as you thrust you pussy into my face...you release my head and a moan of moans escapes through your vocal chords...yyyyeeeeeeessssssss...

I try to secure a grip on your ass but you have become covered with sweat and the scent of your lotion tells me that you will become even more slippery...

You feel your body begin to slide up the window, you feel no fear...you feel only intensified pleasure as you lean forward onto my head...into my face...you barely feel my arms wrap around you from underneath your legs and secure you to my body...I'm not sure you realize I am now standing with you straddling my tongue...or that I ever moved you to the bed...laid you down half on the bed and continued to eat your cat while kneeling at the foot of your bed...

Your waist is suspended off the mattress...feet planted firmly underneath you...your legs gain new strength and we continue...

My hands firmly placed under your buttocks, I squeeze them as I separate the lips of your pussy with my tongue. Your taste gets even sweeter, your sensuality climbs even more. I look up at you and can see your hands covering your breasts...your fingers teasing your nipples rings. Your stomach continually contracts with every stroke of my expertly placed tongue. My teeth gently come together as I nibble on your clit...your back comes off the bed...hands fly above your head and thighs flex as you scream in ectasy...

Rapidly now you move your hips in unison with my tongue. Smaller circular movements of my tongue are replaced with larger more powerful circles. I remove one of my hands from your clinching cheek. Slowly I place my finger in your dripping mound...not skippng a beat you continue to fuck my mouth and hand while you massage your breasts...up..down...up...down

The strokes become quicker, shorter, more powerful...lick...lick...squeeze...finger...

Your legs begin to shake and your hands now press my head into your pussy with shuch force I can barely breath...

I look up and see you sitting straight up, your head tilted back, your hair flipping up and down and your breasts bouncing with your every move...harder, harder, harder now...It is all I can do to continue to lick and keep my finger inside you...

Your legs start to shake uncontrollably...your grip on my head tightens and your legs once again cover my shoulders. Your fingernails feel as though they are going to pierce my scalp as your thighs tighten around my ears. My hand now removed I reach up and grasp your wrists and pull them down to your side. Your feet lock behind my head and your entire body begins to shake...

I can hear the moan start in your stomach...work it's way up your chest and then exit your tightly clinched lips...

All at once your entire body begins to convulse, your legs release and your feet reach for the floor for support but you can't get them off my shoulders...you try to pull your hands away but I prove too strong...I lick faster and harder as you begin to cum with such force I feel it sixty seconds away...you twist from side to side...head flailing...oohs and ohs coming in every tone from your body...YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS FUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCK ME...

Your juices flow as your body convulses...your breath has to be chased down and caught so you won't pass out...breathing has been replaced with panting...you feel your own wetness under the palm of your hand...

As you look up with a smile on your sweat covered face, you see that it is your hands that cover your pussy...one of your fingers is covered in your sweet honey...there is noone at your feet.

You look to the window and can still see the outline where your lust soaked body had smeared against it...your bra and thong right on the floor where you remembered losing them...yet no one is in the room...

Was he here...was that just a dream...did that really happen...your head still cloudy from the monstrous climax...you wonder

You never did see my face, our eyes never connected...everything you felt was perfect and exactly what you wanted...did we ever exchange words...did I ever actually touch your aching, sweaty naked body...

I saw you...did you see me...

Was there ever someone actually there...