 The brisk air felt so good as Todd and I ran in the early-morning sun. We had been running together for over six months now and enjoyed each other's company and the strenuous exercise.

With the approach of summer, I was running now in skimpy nylon running shorts and a sports bra. Somehow, it felt slightly sinful to be wearing so little clothes and having so much skin showing. But it felt good too. 

But I have to be honest . . . what felt really good was running with Todd. Todd was my age, 35, and in great shape. His body was toned and with his piercing blue eyes, devilish smile, and sandy colored hair, he was very attractive. I'm talking, make-me-wet attractive! Todd and I, though, are married . . . just not to each other. My husband and his wife aren't into exercising at all, which is fine with us. 

"Holding up?" Todd asked me after two miles along on our route, breathing a little heavily.

"Yep, doin' fine," I replied, looking over at Todd and smiling. Mmmmm, he was wearing those blue nylon running shorts I liked so much and his t-shirt was tight against his muscular chest.

We continued on our run and after three miles headed back home.

+++++++++++

"Whew, that was a good run. Think it was a faster pace than usual?" I asked Todd as we sat on my deck.

"I think so. At least it sure felt like it; I'm whipped!" Todd said with a smile. 

We sat back in the deck chairs relaxing and catching our breath. Todd had his long legs stretched out in front of him and the delicious bulge in his nylon shorts was very noticeable. I could make out the outline of his thick cock, even the pronounced head, pressed against the nylon.

Damn, I thought to myself. I need to fuck my husband Tom bad! It had been over a week since Tom and I had fucked and I was getting really horny. I knew sometime today I'd have to get out Ranger, my trusty vibrator, and have a huge orgasm!

"So how are things with Stacy?" I asked Todd. Stacy was Todd's wife and my best friend.

Looking over at me with those sky-blue eyes, Todd replied, "Pretty good."

I could detect a slight hesitation in his voice. "Just pretty good?" I asked.

"Jen, we've known each other for a long time, haven't we?" Todd asked.

"Sure," I responded.

"Well, to be honest, I'm a little frustrated. Our sex life hasn't been as good as it once was. Hell, I remember the time when I'd get home from work and Stacy would attack me. There were many nights when we'd just do it standing up against the wall, not even undressing! I'd just ease up her skirt or slip off her jeans, move her panties aside, and slide right in her."

Mmmmm, god, did that image get to me. Todd and Stacy fucking desperately against the wall, gasping and hunching against each other! I could feel my pussy lips starting to pout and become slippery. Man, did I ever want to fuck!

"Well, you're not exactly that age anymore and sex kinda diminishes after time," I said.

"I know," Todd said, "but it's just that once every few weeks seems way too diminished for me."

"Mmmmmm, well if it's any consolation, I know what you're feeling. Tom and I haven't had sex in over a week. Our sex life might be a little more frequent than yours, but not by much," I replied. "I'm kinda embarrassed to say this, but it's a good thing I have my handy-dandy vibrator to ease the tension."

Todd just grinned at me and after a few seconds I turned a bright red! Damn him . . . he could really get to me.

"Jen, a vibrator? Do those really produce nice orgasms?"

"God, Todd, you have no idea! Sometimes I'll use it and try not to cum, to prolong it. I'll last about two minutes and then I'm totally humping against it! And I just have to cum!!"

I flushed again, realizing what I had said. Todd was a very good friend, but still!

Glancing down again, I saw the definite outline of Todd's cock against his shorts. Much harder now, it looked so damn good to me. I wanted to reach over and gently squeeze him, to stroke up and down his hard shaft, to tease over the soft head. Fuck, did I ever!

Todd must have read my mind, because he just gave me one of his smiles, maintaining eye contact with me until I had to look away. That just made me wetter, my cunt lips now full and wanting.

"Jen, do you mind getting your vibrator? I'd like to see it. Stacy has always said she'd be way too embarrassed to ever get one, but I'd like to see the one you have."

Should I, I thought to myself. This could be dangerous, to get something that has given me such pleasure and something that makes me cum so powerfully . . . to get it and show it to this delicious man who was making me hornier and hornier!

Maybe if I just got it and showed it to him and that would be all. It might be fun to tease him a little with it. It was this flirting we did around each other that was such a part of our friendship.

"Sure, no problem," I said, getting up. "Don't go anywhere."

+++++++++++

"K, here it is," I said, showing him the cock-shaped vibrator.

Todd took it and looked it over. "I always thought vibrators were like the ones in the drugstores, you know, not shaped like cocks."

"Well some are like that, but they can't do what a cock can, slide in, and well, fuck." God, I couldn't believe how this conversation had progressed. The more we talked, the hotter I was getting and the slipperier my cunt was getting!

Todd turned the control end of the vibrator and it bzzzzzz'ed into life. Todd smiled at me as he ran his hand up and down the bzzzzzz'ing cock. "Jeeeze, Jen, this is wild."

"Mind?" Todd asked as he slowly moved it down over his hard stomach. We both knew what he had in mind.

Nervously I responded, "Heck no . . . be my guest." While I might have sounded casual about the whole thing, inside it was a different matter. My heart was racing, knowing Todd was going to caress his cock with my vibrator, the same one that I was fucking and fucking and fucking yesterday afternoon.

Slowly Todd teased the bzzzzzz'ing vibrator up and down one thigh and then the other, not quite touching his cock, just teasing himself. He had a slight smile on his face, savoring the delicious sensations the vibrator was producing.

Easing the vibrator up one thigh, he finally moved it along the shaft of his cock. He jumped at that, groaning, and slightly fucking his hips. My cunt gushed as I watched him teasing himself! 

"God, Jen, this is incredible," Todd said as he sensuously ran the vibrator up and down his shaft, caressing the head and that sensitive spot under the head every so often. I could see a little wet spot in his shorts where pre-cum was soaking through and that drove me crazy! His cock was probably slippery with pre-cum and would slide inside my cunt so fucking easily!

Todd's hips slowly fucked against the vibrator as he teased it up and down, up and down. I could see his breathing increasing, almost gasping.

Straining his legs hard and arching his back a little, Todd pushed hard up against the vibrator. Goddamn, it looked like he was going to cum!! Fuck, it was all I could do not to go over and slide down his cock right then!

Suddenly he took the vibrator away and sank back in the chair.

"God, Jen, that thing's wild! I almost got too carried away there, sorry"

"Todd, don't be sorry. If you're feeling a little frustrated with Stacy, cumming solo can be a good thing!" I said, smiling at this gorgeous, hard-as-a-rock man.

"Jen, do you mind if I use it on you? Just so I'll know what to do if I get one for Stacy?" Todd asked casually.

Jeeeeeeeze, that would be so damn dangerous. If he knew how fast I could cum, how it would drive me wild, he might not be so casual about the whole thing.

I knew I shouldn't. God, I was married for heaven's sake. I should just say no to him and end this dangerous flirting. But part of me wanted to continue, just for a little bit. I could always end this when I wanted.

"Sure . . . just for a bit . . . yeah, let's," I said as casually as I could.

Todd came over and sat next to me and with the vibrator still on, he started to run the end over my thighs. My god! It felt so fucking good I had to moan, just a little.

"Guess that feels good?" Todd whispered as he continued to tease over my sensitive skin, one thigh, then the other.

"Uh huh," I managed to say as I focused on that heavenly bzzzzzzz'ing on my thighs. 

Little by little Todd started moving it higher and higher, coming right to the leg of my running shorts. He ran it over my skin in little circles, little teasing caresses, moving ever closer to my hungry cunt.

As Todd moved the vibrator higher over the fabric of my shorts, I gasped and pushed my hips up, wanting to feel that bzzzzzzzzzz right on my cunt. Easing it slowly over my shorts, Todd masterfully teased me. I opened my legs slightly to urge him on. God, why can't he go faster? I wanted to take the damn thing out of his hand and just use it myself!

And then there was a jolt of sexual electricity as the vibrator finally found my open, puffy pussy! My hips shot up of their own accord, pressing hard against the vibrating cock. I ground against it, fucked hard, feeling that vibration deep inside my pussy. He wiggled it slightly, so it slid against my clit. Oh my fucking god, I almost came right then! Swirling it and pressing, then easing off a little, then pressing, Todd was driving me nuts! No way did I want him to take it away now! I had to cum, fucking had to!!

"Wow, that is wild," Todd said as he took it away. God! No! I whimpered in frustration as that vibrating cock left my hungry cunt.

"Todd, go on, keep doing that, k? Go on . . . it's okay. C'mon, please," I begged him, reaching over and grabbing his wrist, moving his hand back over so the vibrator was again against my cunt. My shorts were now really soaked, pussy juices leaking through the nylon fabric.

My legs were stretched out and I was hunched close to the edge of the chair, my ass was moving in that fuck motion as I ground against the vibrating cock. Todd continued to tease me . . . circling one minute and sliding it along my pussy lips the next and slightly tapping it on my clit the next. I was going to have a monster orgasm! I wouldn't have cared if Tom walked right out on the deck . . . I would have ignored him and continued to fuck against the vibrator, imagining that Todd was fucking me.

I knew I was at the point of no return. Riding that cum edge, those cum sensations coursing through my body, my nerves charged with sexual energy, the core of my cunt molten and pulsing with pleasure.

And then . . . OH FUCK, I WAS CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMING!! HARD, HARD, HARD I JAMMED MY CUNT AGAINST THE VIBRATOR. GRINDING SO DAMN HARD ON IT I FELT THE ORGASM RIP THROUGH ME. WAVE AFTER WAVE OF CUM WASHED OVER ME. Oh my god, how can anything feel this good?!!

Todd leaned over and kissed me as I was cumming and I returned that kiss, passionately, slipping my tongue in his mouth as I rode that orgasm. I moaned in his mouth as we kissed, a teenage make-out kiss, wet and hungry. My cunt was pulsing and gushing sweet juice.

Finally breaking the kiss, I whispered, moaned, "Oh god, Todd, that was soooooo good . . . fuck, that was heaven!!" Todd turned the vibrator way down and just kept it lightly against my nylon shorts, right on my cunt. Languidly I fucked my hips, just slightly, savoring that wonderful cum sensation. My eyes were closed as that post-cum relaxation seeped through me.

+++++++++++

Suddenly I came awake from my post-cum stupor. Not physically, but mentally, as I realized what had just happened. I had just had a huge orgasm with Todd teasing me with my vibrator!! I had cum for the first time with another man since I was married. God, it was so wrong. No matter that it was one of the strongest, most pleasurable orgasms I had ever had, I shouldn't have let it happen. 

As if reading my mind, Todd whispered, "Jen, you know what happened here is okay, don't you? We've very good friends and this doesn't have to change that. Stacy is still your best friend and Tom is one of mine. You haven't had actual sex with anyone." He did understand. Still, I couldn't help feeling guilty about letting my sexual appetite get the better of me! 

After that erupting orgasm, it was as if the floodgates opened. Todd and I talked and talked about the most private things in our lives, what we were really thinking, about our relationships with our spouses, about sex . . . about everything. I never felt closer to him.

"C'mere," Todd whispered. I went over to his reclining outdoor chair and climbed up next to him. It felt good, feeling him against me. For a second, I thought that I shouldn't be doing this, that I should just get up and send him home. But what was the harm in a little cuddling? Lord knows, Tom didn't do it enough.

I stroked Todd's chest through his shirt as we lay there quietly. I had my one leg draped over his leg, my cunt just barely touching his muscled thigh. After several minutes of this, I slid my hand under his t-shirt and caressed his bare skin. His nipples were hard as I teased him, rolling my fingers over those erect nubs. 

"Mmmmmmm," Todd moaned, as he ran his hand over my hair.

I snuggled closer to him, pressing my body to his, my cunt now firmly pressed against his thigh. Mmmmmmm, fuck, it felt good! Those jolts of sexual pleasure shot through my cunt, through my tummy, and all through my body. I just couldn't help gently rocking my hips and sliding my cunt against Todd's leg.

I continued to tease Todd, running my hand over his chest. Moving up a little, I kissed him on the neck and jammed my cunt against his leg. Sex jolts exploded in my soaked pussy and I ground all the harder against him. Then I kissed him full on the mouth and moved slightly over him as I did. His rock hard cock was now against my stomach as we kissed, teen make-out style. Wet and passionate, our lips caressed and our tongues teased and fucked each other's mouths.

We continued to kiss, wetly and passionately. Todd's cock was against my leg now and he was fucking his delicious hard, thick, meaty member against me. I could hardly breath I was so excited! My cunt was totally juicy now, lips open and full and so damn wanting to feel cock. 

But I was bound and determined to keep things under control. No way was I going to let myself fuck Todd, no matter how much my body wanted to (and it did, more than I ever wanted to fuck anyone in my life!). 

Moving up a little and over, Todd's cock was now right against my cunt, with just the thinnest layers of nylon keeping him from sliding right in. I had to move, HAD TO! And my hips gently rocked, fucked, sliding my cunt over his thick cock. My ass fucked down, grinding my cunt on him . . . deliciously, wantonly. And he fucked back against me, jamming his cock against my cunt. Kissing me, we could hardly breathe, with the kiss and the fuck sensations that coursed through us from that cock/cunt contact! 

Then I felt Todd reach down, felt his hand doing something. Rearranging clothes, something.

"Todd, no, you can't!" I gasped, as I felt his hand easing out his cock under the leg of his shorts. "This is way too dangerous! Don't, k, please?"

But Todd eased his cock out anyway . . . and pressed it hard against my cunt. Oh god!! Knowing how close we were to really fucking drove me crazy. My whole body wanted to fuck him so damn bad!!

We continued to dry fuck, to hunch against each other, to grind, cunt sliding against hard, hard cock. So much bigger than Tom's. 

No, no, no, I thought to myself. Keep this under control! Maybe cum just like this, just dry fucking. That would be okay. 

My hips were moving in that delicious fuck way, grinding my cunt on his cock. Just a bit of the nylon fabric had eased between my pussy lips, so it felt even more like we were fucking. And the fact that my shorts were soaked with slippery pussy juice made it so good.

And then Todd eased his hips back a little. I could feel his hand again between us. "Todd, baby, no. C'mon, be careful. You're driving me crazy." But like before, he ignored me and I felt him using his cock as a toy, easing it under the leg of my shorts and teasing right on my cunt with it.

Up and down the pussy lips he teased the head . . . up and down, that soft cock head against my slippery pussy lips. Up and down. Up and down. God, I was going absolutely nuts!! And then my hips ground down and I moaned loud as he moved the head right over my clit!

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!" I groaned, fucking down on this cock, grinding my clit on his cock, grinding hard!!

Then, with his whole hand wrapped around the shaft, he teased the head up and down over my cunt lips again. Just the head was out of his hand, and as he moved it over my cunt lips, it slipped between. My heart was hammering in my chest, feeling that cock head, teasing so deliciously between my aching pussy lips!!

No, no, no, I kept repeating to myself. I am not going to fuck Todd. I'm not! But as I thought that, my cunt was grinding down on his cock. Wanting to feel as much of it as Todd was willing to give me! My whole body was quivering with excitement!

Keeping the head right at my opening, he let just a little more of his cock slide through his hand. OMG!! About two inches of his thick cock was now inside me . . . it wasn't fucking, no, not fucking, but god, it felt so good!! I ground down hard on him, swiveling, hunching, fucking . . . wanting to feel that thick cock so bad! 

Then he let more of his cock slide through his hand and into my molten cunt! Three inches . . . three inches of thick Todd cock was now inside me. If we could just do this, only this, I could cum and then I'd make him cum with my mouth or hand. It wouldn't really be fucking, 'cause he wouldn't cum in me and I wouldn't be taking all his cock. That'd be okay. I thought of all this as I ground on his cock, my pussy hungry, my pussy lips so juicy with my juices and Todd's precum.

And then Todd took his hand away completely!! We both froze, his cock inside me about three inches.

"It's up to you, Jen. I won't move. You can come off if you want," Todd said.

But he lied. While he didn't slide his cock in and out, he did flex his cock, making it jump inside my cunt. Oh my fucking god, did that feel good!! I had to grit my teeth to keep from sliding completely down his thick cock shaft! 

I lifted my hips slightly, thinking, this is it, I'm going to come off and end this! But when I felt the ridge of the head of his cock caressing against my cunt, I knew I had to slide back down again, I HAD TO!! I wasn't going to fuck, exactly, just feel his cock for a little bit, only three inches, just that much. Up and down I slid my cunt, little tease fucks on his head and three inches of his shaft. Bobbing, slithering, squeezing his cock with my cunt muscles, I groaned and moaned as I felt those heavenly fuck sensations explode in my body.

Bobbing on the head, I had to try something, fuck, just once . . . just once! I fucked down the three inches, then up, then down, then up . . . and then I slid ALL THE WAY DOWN!! I fucked his cock ALL THE WAY INSIDE ME!! ALL THE WAY!! Right away I lifted up and went back to fucking the head of his cock.

But OMG, did that feel good, taking him completely inside me. He fit so tight, so snug, so perfectly! Head fucking now . . . my cunt juices completely covering his cock, feeling the ridge caressing the inside on my cunt. And then, DIP!, I went all the way down on him!! This time I ground as he was all the way inside me . . . feeling my clit grinding against him . . . feeling him stuffing my cunt with cock. I squeezed as hard as I could with my cunt muscles, milking him. Then I eased my cunt up his shaft . . . way back up to the head . . . and went back to head fucking him. Over and over. Then DIP back down I went and did three full fucks on him, taking him completely in!! Jesus, that felt gooooooooooooooood!! I knew if I kept that up for very long I would have an even bigger orgasm than before!
