 I'd been waiting for this moment for months. He was away at graduate school studying molecular biology, and the only time I saw him was when we Skyped every Tuesday night. Six months, three weeks, two days since I've had sex. It's a damn good thing I had my toy drawer to fall back on. It never, ever let me down.

He should be home in about an hour. I lit a cinnamon candle, turned off the lights, and slid into the warm bath. I wanted so badly to touch myself, but I hadn't for a week; I was determined to save all of my sexual energy for Noah. I lay back in the tub and stared at my ring, thinking of all the memories it holds... Noah's proposal, our wedding day, our dedication to each other, all of the times he's made love to me, and how amazing it is every time. I miss him so much. I couldn't move to Arizona with him because I was just starting my career here. He didn't want to leave, but I told him I'd be here when he got back, and I knew he'd regret not going... The last time I saw him plays through my mind as I dry my legs.

"I love you." He stands in the doorway, caressing my face.

"I love you, too." I say, leaning up to kiss him. His lips are so soft, so inviting.

The cab horn blows from behind us.

"I have to go..." He grabs my hand.

"I know." I frown.

"I'll be back soon. It'll feel like no time at all." He kisses me on the forehead before letting go and heading toward the cab. The last thing I got to see was his ass walking away... that fine, fine ass. Suddenly, I'm distracted from my daydream by the ping of my phone. A text from Noah.

Just got off plane. Can't wait to see you. Be there soon ;)

His words make me tingle. I feel myself get a little wet, and then realize I have almost no time to finish getting ready. I brush through my chestnut brown hair, put on some red lipstick, and a matching baby doll; red satin with black lace trim and a matching thong. The dark color is a nice contrast to my pale skin, and my breasts look huge. I had a pretty nice body anyway, 34 B and a typical hourglass figure with long legs. I finish admiring myself and spray on some perfume. I look hot! Just then, I hear the front door unlocking. Perfect timing!

"Jess?" I hear his deep, sexy voice from the hall.

"In the bedroom." I can barely get the words out, my legs feel like gelatin. As he opens the door, I see him for the first time in almost seven months. I take in the sight of my man, and he looks good as ever. He's still as tall as I remember; his 6'1" frame always makes me look like a shrimp when we're together, and that thought makes me smile. Arizona has obviously been good to him, he's got a slight tan, and some natural highlights from the sun. His brown eyes are full of lust as they meet mine.

"You. Look. So. Hot." He enunciates every word, making me melt.

I thought when I saw him I would immediately rip his clothes off, but I'm so overcome with emotion that I start crying.

"Hey, what's wrong?" I feel his arms wrap around me. He's definitely been working out.

"I missed you so much, baby." When I look up at him, he's smiling down at me, and my tears go away as fast as they came. Our lips meet, and it's absolutely electrifying. I wrap my arms around his neck and jump on him. He holds me up with his hands on my ass, and I wrap my legs around his waist as our kiss deepens.

"I waited for this forever," He mumbles in between breathes. "I didn't think it would ever come."

"It did, and now you will." I giggle, breaking away from his lips, and trail kisses down to his jaw, and then his neck. He lets out a deep, animal-like groan when I reach his throat.

"You are the epitome of sexy," He throws me down on the bed and gets on top of me, lifting up my shirt until my breasts are visible. The air makes my nipples harden almost immediately.

"Lift." He points to my arms so he can pull my top off, and throws it into the darkness. Before I even have time to see where it went, he takes one of my nipples into his mouth. He knows how much I love this. His free hand is rubbing my other nipple and it makes me moan so loudly that I throw my head back. I feel like I'm in my own little world, until he stops his torture of my nipples. No!

When I open my eyes, he's rubbing my sides. "I've missed these curves." He kisses my navel, and each hip. I can't stop giggling like a schoolgirl, he knows this is so ticklish.

"I see an inequality in the distribution of clothing here..." I look up at him through my eyelashes.

"Using logic, are we?" He rips off his shirt that I head earlier unbuttoned, and throws it on the floor with mine while I start on his belt buckle. I reach down to undo his zipper and for the first time in what seems like forever, I feel his erection. Oh my God.

"Let's get these off." I reach for his waistband.

"No." Instead, he pulls off my thong and holds it up to his nose. "You smell so amazing." He discards my panties on the floor with the rest of our clothing and gets back in bed, naked. Opening my legs, he leans down and kisses the insides of my thighs.

"I want to taste you." He blows on me... there. He opens my lips and dips a finger deep inside me. It makes me moan so loudly.

"God you're so wet."

"Fuck me please!"

"Not yet." He gives me a devious smile and licks my clit, and I swear I almost blacked out. He's always loved going down on me, but this time he ate my pussy like it was going out of style.

"Oh God! Yes baby! Yes!" He always got that reaction from me when he stuck his tongue inside me. He would go back to my clit, suck on it, licking it, flicking it, sticking his fingers inside me, and then lick my entire slit, sucking my inner labia into his mouth.

"Ooooooh yeeessss! Fuccccck!" I grabbed fistfuls of his hair and pushed his face into me, riding out my orgasm.

"Holy shit! That was fantastic." He rose from between my legs, grinning from ear to ear, his mouth covered in my juices.

"You are amazing." I grabbed his face and pulled him in for a kiss, tasting myself. Damn I taste good.

"Are you ready for this?" I could tell he was serious about fucking me after how long it had been.

"Give it to me good." I winked at him, and just like that he sank into me. For the first time in so long, I felt full. Literally and figuratively.

"Oh God. Yes. Shit baby." His thrusting got faster. Leaning down, he placed kisses all over my faces and went to nibble on my earlobe.

"Mmmmm. Yes baby! Harder!" As if on command he went as deep and hard as he could.

"You're so tight baby. I love it!"

"Ugghhrnnmm! Yesssss!!!! Baby!! Ooohhh!!" Just like that, all of my sexual tensions exploded. And once again, as if hearing my pleasure was a command, he let out a grunt and came inside me.

"Holy fuck. That. Was. Amazing." He collapsed next to me on the bed.

"Definitely." Was all I could mutter.

"I love you." He kissed my forehead and pulled me onto his chest.

To be continued ;)