 "Janet, I've loved you ever since I could remember. I’ve always thought that loosing my virginity to you was the best way I could loose it. To the woman I’ve loved forever.” Frank started saying as he lightly touched Janet’s face staring into her beautiful eyes. He could feel himself trembling with excitement; his manhood was hard and pulsating in his pants. The slight damp feeling let him know that his under shorts had a dab of sticky precum already there. 

Janet knew that Frank’s excitement was shared. She could feel a small trickle of her love juices running down her thigh, her nipples were as hard as she could ever remember them being. She too was nervous, this wasn’t the first time they had been together, it wouldn’t be the last time either, but there was something about Frank that turned her on like no other man. ‘Could it be that he’s at least twenty years younger than me?’ she thought to herself. 

At that Frank stepped in closer, pressing his body tightly against hers. Janet could feel their hearts beating in unison, their breathing rythmatical. Frank’s strong arms wrapped around her body and his lips dived in for their reward. To Frank, no one’s lips tasted sweeter than Janet’s, and he ravaged those soft, delicious, and talented lips very chance he got. 

Janet to knew the pleasures that Frank’s lips could bring, his tongue was one of his many talents. As she opened her mouth just ever so slightly she shook with pleasure as Frank’s tongue entered her mouth. She gripped him tighter; their bodies would seem to an on looker as one being. But they were quite alone in the hotel room; the only other living beings in the room were the plants. 

As their tongues entwined their kisses grew more passionate. Frank was kissing Janet’s neck, and had one hand inside her shirt, massaging her heaving breast, lightly tweaking her hard nipple. Janet’s head was thrown back in passion, slight moans escaping her beautiful lips. She was stroking Frank’s chest and arms, loving the waves of pleasure that swept down her neck and ended at her clit. She so badly wanted Frank to put his talented mouth on her clit, but she knew it would happen soon enough.

Frank stepped back and looked at Janet; she was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen. Now it was time to undress her so there would be nothing in his way blocking him, delaying him, from pleasing the woman he so loved. He stepped in closer and started to slowly undo the buttons on her shirt, she to did the same to him. They didn’t speak a word as they undressed each other, but they never broke eye contact either. They could both see the love they had for one another clearly in each others eyes.

Now completely naked they embraced again, their lips crashing together, their tongues dancing a slow circle in each other’s mouths. Janet reached down and started to slowly stroke Frank’s dick. She could feel the warmth, the pulsating, and the veins of his engorged member. She so loved the feel of his dick anywhere on or in her body. She loved how hard he was, as young cock is often harder than older ones. But most of all she just loved the way it felt inside of her. She started to slide her fingers a little quicker up and down, making sure to pay extra special attention to his hard, purple helmet. It was then that she felt the gooey sticky pre-cum. She spread it on his cock, using it as a natural lube. 

Frank started to thrust his dick in and out of Janet’s hand, the feeling was intense and quickly he realized he was about to cum. He took Janet’s hand and held it up before their eyes; they could see the pre-cum running down her fingers. Gently Frank placed a finger on Janet’s chin and opened her mouth. Then guessing at his next move, Janet seductively placed her fingers in her mouth and sucked the pre-cum off. She flashed a wicked grin at Frank, and then dropped to her knees, knowing that a man of his age and virility would easily recover from an orgasm and be ready for more.

With a closed mouth she lightly began kissing the head of his dick, paying close attention to the ultra-sensitive underside of his manhood. She could hear his slight moans and sounds of approval escape his lips. As she kissed his penis she slowly and teasingly picked up the pace. She was now licking and sucking his shaft while her hands were hard at work. One hand was gently massaging his balls, while the other was rubbing the head of his member in rhythm with the tongue bath his shaft was receiving. Then without warning she stopped for a moment and plunged full force into a hard suction blowjob. Frank gripped the sides of her head knowing he was in for a hell of a ride. As Janet’s lips rocked hard back and forth along his shaft, her tongue was lashing out on the head of his dick, every so often her tongue would dart and lick the inside of the hole in which he would eventually cum out of. And cum he did. 

Frank could feel his cum rising from his balls, it felt like a volcano was about to erupt. He gripped the sides of Janet’s head, his cock pumping wildly into her mouth. He knew there was no stopping this orgasm and he had no intension of it, but he knew he had to step back and remove his dick from her mouth. As Frank stepped back, his dick made a “pop” sound as it left his loves mouth and the first jet of the ropey jizz flew from his dick and splattered on Janet’s boobs. However, Janet had no intension of removing his dick from her mouth and she quickly moved forward and feverishly started sucking on his cum emptying cock. This time though, she held onto his ass cheeks to make sure he didn’t escape until she was damn well ready for him to do so.

As the last waves of cum and pleasure subsided, Frank realized he was hugging Janet’s head, his emptied cock still in her mouth, her tongue still playing. He stepped back slowly this time and Janet moved to let him escape their embrace. She noticed that some of the cum he shot on her tits had gotten onto his leg and she slowly licked it off. As Frank sunk to the floor and looked her in the eyes she very slowly and seductively licked the rest of the cum off her tits as well. It was then that she realized the workout she had just given to her young stud. He was breathing hard and sweating profusely. Janet got up and grabbed his cigarettes for him, which he quickly opened the pack, grabbed one, and lit it, inhaling deeply.

As he smoked he asked, “I thought you didn’t ever swallow. In all the years we’ve know each other you never mentioned it. I thought that it grossed you out.”

“I’ve never done it before, but I had to taste you. The thought of swallowing your cum was exciting and I loved every drop of it. Besides being a bit salty, you taste good!” Janet answered.

Then Janet went and got a drink and grabbed a smoke as well. She rarely, if never smoked, but for some reason when she had sex with Frank a cigarette was definitely in order. Janet sat on the edge of the bed in front of him, her legs slightly spread. Frank could see her juices glistening off of her soft creamy thighs; he could smell her intoxicating fragrance as well. He crushed out the smoke and turned to Janet and said two words, “My turn,” at that he laid her down and moved in between her legs.