 It had been five years since we first met. Your image from that first meeting is burned in my mind. You were striking. Soft flowing hair sweeping over your shoulders framing that angelic face and smoldering eyes. Your blouse clung to your massive breasts and your skirt fit perfectly over your shapely hips and ass, stopping just below the knee. Never reveling while completely detailing your voluptuous body. There was instant chemistry. The slightest hint of constant sexual tension combined with the actual enjoyment of each other's company. We have worked so well together these past five years.

There have been shared looks and unspoken thoughts on the many occasions we have found ourselves alone. We both know that we could never act on our attraction. Our spouses have met each other, and they both have tried to get the four of us to become friends. We limit our meetings as a group to only rare occasions. We know that spending more time together would be too dangerous, too much temptation.

There have been many times when one of us wanted so badly to make the first move. I remember that time we were out as a group and found ourselves alone on a couch at some nightclub. I wanted so bad to lean over and kiss you, rub my hands up your leg and explore every part of you. I don't know what stopped me, and I could see in your eyes you couldn't believe you were controlling yourself as well. We sat on that couch for what seemed like ages just looking at one another. We didn't have to say anything. We knew what we wanted, but thought was it never possible.

I was glad to see you at that happy hour last Friday, it's not something you normally do. When you explained that your husband was out of town to someone sitting near me, I almost jumped up and grabbed you. I wanted so much to tell you that my wife was also out of town, and see what your reaction was. I wanted to know if you would see this as the opportunity we always wanted. An hour passed before I was able to tell you without being obvious or drawing suspicion from our co-workers. I'll never forget the look on your face. Shock, desire, and panic best describes it. We didn't say anything else to each other until everyone was ready to leave. I walked over to you and whispered to you to follow me home. As I walked out, without turning around I knew you were right behind me. I could feel you looking through me. Five years of desire was finally about to become reality.

I kept looking in my rear view mirror on the drive home, each time hoping that you were still behind me. I knew if either of us thought about what we were about to do we would back out. As I waited for the garage door to open I saw you waiting behind me, and knew this was actually going to happen. When you stopped your car beside mine and our eyes met I thought you were going to rip my clothes off with your stare. My heart was racing as we met by the door into my house. When our lips met for that first time I feeling ran through me that was completely indescribable. It was amazing.

We didn't make it ten feet past the entrance. You pushed me down in the hall way and straddled me, then paused for a moment. By the look on your face I could tell you were just enjoying my expression. The time for second guessing our act had long since passed. You kissed me and my hands found their way to your breasts. They were perfect. This was perfect. You quickly broke the kiss, stood and reached under your skirt to remove your panties. Then in one motion unfastened my belt and slid my pants down. My cock sprang up, I had been hard since we met at the door. You stared into my eyes as you bent down and guided my cock into you. It was wonderful, so wet and warm and smooth, perfect. You sat motionless for a minute once you had me all the way inside of you. My hands found your breasts again and rubbed your hard nipples through the light material of your blouse. I could feel you contracting my cock as you sat there, milking me like that without moving made me want you even more. Finally you began to slide up and down, quickly picking up the pace until you were bouncing off of my legs. You were in total control. Grinding hard and moving fast, all the while still staring deeply into my eyes. It was the most erotic time of my life.

The expression on your face was clear. You were close, so very close. You let out the slightest moan as you ground yourself into me. Faster, faster, you bobbed up and down. Our bodies crashing together sending incredible sounds throughout my house. I wanted you so much, wanted to cum inside of you. Your breath quickened and for the first time closed your eyes. You stopped bouncing and ground into me, circling your hips with my cock inside of you. "Ooooh, Oooooooh, Ooooooooh, Oooh, Oooh, Oooh, FUCK YES, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!!" you screamed as the first wave of your orgasm hit. I could hold out no longer and began to cum with you. It was the most explosive sensation I have ever felt, it was like every nerve in my body was alive.

You collapsed on top of me, and we stayed in that position without talking or moving for at least ten minutes. Just enjoying each other. I wanted that feeling to last forever. "Better than I ever imagined," was your comment to break the silence. I could not have agreed more. I couldn't wait for our next time together, which I thought would be later that evening. You had a different idea though. "I don't want this to become an affair," you said while rising from me. "I want the next time this happens to be just as explosive, so we are just going to have to wait and control ourselves." My mind understood and agreed, but other parts of me were extremely disappointed. "I can't wait until next time," I said as you walked toward the door. "Hopefully it will be sooner than five years." You turned and laughed, then headed home.

To be continued... Maybe