 Rolling over, feeling your warmth beside me, I wake up and watch you sleep. Smiling to myself, I marvel at the moments that we've shared, the times still to come. I watch you breathe, see your peaceful face, and reach out a hand to softly trace your brow. I'm breathless as a streak of moonlight highlights your face. You're so perfect to me. Gazing at you makes my heart race, and soon I begin to tingle, thinking about the way you feel inside me. I lean in to press a soft kiss against your lips, hoping not to wake you, but not disappointed that I do. You smile at me as your eyes try to focus. "Shhh," I say, "I didn't mean to wake you." 

A grin tells me that you don't mind, and I lean in for another kiss. Feeling your warm hands sliding over my back as you hold me, my desire for you mounts, and I unconsciously start grinding my hips. Even half asleep, you don't miss your cue, for soon your cock begins to stir. Feeling your heat and hardness against my belly as we kiss, I'm overwhelmed by the need to feel you.

"I want you now," I whisper.

Your slow, sexy smile is all the answer I need, and in a moment I'm perched on top of you, sliding my wet pussy up and down the underside of your shaft, teasing us both. Your eyes cloud with desire, your face showing your need. Reaching down, I take your pulsing cock in my hand and stroke my hot opening with the head. Finally, when I can take it no longer, I slam my heat down on you, impaling myself on your rigid cock. Gasping through clenched teeth, I feel you buck up against me, piercing me deeper. You thrust up harder, digging your fingers into the flesh of my hips to pull me down on you. 

Your breathing becomes laboured, and I can see in your face how good it feels. As I tighten my muscles around your shaft, your breath catches in your throat and your eyes close, and I know that I'm pleasing you. Gripping your cock hard, I use my hip and pelvic muscles to work you in and out of me. I take your hands and lace our fingers together as I ride you, never taking my eyes off yours. The pleasure sears through me, and I fight an orgasm, wanting to stay in control. You feel my soft shudders though, and begin to thrust up again. Biting my lip in anticipation, I feel the climax rise.

"Harder," I breathe, "fuck me harder." 

Only too happy to pleasure me, you buck furiously under me, thrusting your cock deeper into my wetness, rolling your hips to stroke every part of me. My breath ragged, I close my eyes as I feel myself lose control. I scream, my orgasm ripping through me. Your fingers tighten on mine, and you thrust into me mercilessly, extending my pleasure. My pussy has soaked you, and I'm trembling as you roll us over and embrace me lovingly, your cock still buried inside me. Kissing me tenderly, you begin to slowly rock against me, letting me find our rhythm again. I lift my knees to take you deeper, and within seconds I'm writhing under you in perfect harmony. Your pace quickens, and my pussy grips your shaft rhythmically, knowing you're getting close. 

"Come for me baby," I cry as you plunge your stiff rod inside me.

A spasm crosses your face and you stiffen, holding yourself deep inside me as you explode. Hot bursts of your love fill me, and your cock twitches inside me as you collapse on my chest. We catch our breath together as you lean on your elbow, caressing my cheek. I reach up and stroke your forehead, and smile. Kissing you gently, I savour this moment, wanting you inside me always. You sense this, and roll us over again, your cock still buried in me. Snuggling against you, my face warm against your chest, I smile as I feel your arms wrap around me. Satisfied, and safe, I fall into a deep, contented sleep, your heart beating slowly against mine.