 Editor's note: This story involves a vibrator I've called the VibroMatic. This is not an actual vibrator, although there are several "industrial"! types like it.

_________________

After that hot, desperate sex on the patio, Todd and I behaved ourselves. In fact, we really didn't talk about it at all, frightened, I think, that talking about it would either strain our friendship or lead us into that forbidden territory again.

But make no mistake, the electric sexual attraction was stronger than ever. Just the thought of Todd's heavenly hard cock thrusting inside me made me gush with pussy juice. God but it had been so good.

Todd and I continued to run almost every day. Todd was so good looking, his sandy hair, blue eyes, and sexy toned body. I knew he enjoyed looking at me, too . . . my shoulder-length blond hair, blue eyes, lips that begged to be kissed (and that bottom lip that loved to be sucked!). He especially loved gazing at my long legs and when he ran behind me, I knew he was looking at my firm ass . . . and thinking how much he'd love to be fucking me, me on top, and caressing my ass, pulling me tight to him.

So many times I had made myself cum with my vibrator just thinking of the time we had fucked on the patio. Damn but I wanted him!!

Luckily we kept all that under control. We did love our spouses and didn't want to do anything to jeopardize our families.

"I love this warmer weather," I said, coming to the end of another day's run.

"It's nice, isn't it," Todd said, slightly winded.

As Todd stretched I took in his body. Todd is about 6 foot tall, trim, and has an ass you can hardly resist caressing. But what made him so desirable is that he was a little shy and he was so nice and sweet as well. You know what I mean . . . some men are just deliciously fuckable!

"Jen, c'mon in, I want to show you something," Todd said with a slight smile.

I sat on his couch in his living room. We had gone on a short run, so neither of us had perspired much. And we were both wearing those short nylon running shorts and just t-shirts.

"Jen, I know we've avoided talking about what happened the other day. But I have to tell you, I haven't stopped thinking about it at all! I sure don't regret it and I hope you feel the same way," he said.

"Todd, I don't regret it at all either. I know it was just a one-time thing that got carried away . . . but I know what you mean about thinking about it. I get turned on all over again when I do!" I admitted to him.

"Jen, I want to show you something. Don't think it's a come-on or anything, but I just want you to see something I bought for Stacey."

He had my curiosity piqued with that remark. Todd went upstairs (and of course I looked at his tight athletic ass!).

When Todd came downstairs, he was carrying what looked like a small saddle, kind of a small half barrel.

"Jen, when things started to slow down between Stacey and me, I bought her this gadget, called the VibroMatic. It's a vibrator, but not just any vibrator. This is advertised as the best vibrator ever invented! I hate to admit it, but I paid $1,500 for this."

It did look interesting. Todd explained that a woman straddles the VibroMatic and that there are different sized and shaped cocks that can be attached to it. He said you lower yourself down over the cock and then the cock vibrates and swivels . . . and there's a part resting against your clit that vibrates as well. The VibroMatic is controlled by a control unit, either by the one using it or by someone else.

"The company says this will produce the most intense, incredible orgasm a woman has ever experienced!" Todd said

"Did it work for Stacey?" I asked, very interested in this cum machine!

"Jen, she didn't even want to try it! Not once has she been curious enough to give it a try."

Running my hand over the unit, especially the vibrating part that rests against a woman's clit, I could just imagine how good this would feel.

"Todd, do you mind if I just straddle it? I don't want to have it vibrating and I'm glad there aren't any of those cock attachments on it."

"Sure," Todd replied.

Getting on top of the unit, straddling it, I lowered my pussy down, pressing it against the VibroMatic. Mmmmmmmm, felt good just doing that, the pressure teasing against my sensitive pussy lips. I rocked my hips just slightly to get the sensation of the machine. Fuck, it felt good!

Todd and I talked just a bit as I stayed on top of the VibroMatic. I loved how the unit was perfectly designed to firmly press against my pussy. (And not fucking for a few weeks made it feel that much better!)

"Todd, why don't you just turn it on really low . . . I'm curious how just that would feel," I said to Todd smiling.

"Sure, Jen" Todd replied. Did I detect a little nervousness in his voice, a little excitement?

As Todd turned the little knob, the VibroMatic buzzed into life. OMG, did that feel fucking good!!!! The entire unit started a slow buzz and the part my pussy was resting on vibrated with even more intensity. And the part against my clit, FUCK!, that was incredible!!!!

Todd saw what the unit was doing at this low setting and smiled at me. "Good?" he asked.

"Mmmmmmmm, yessssss," I moaned, rolling my hips to savor the good good feelings.

I slowly, teasingly rocked on the VibroMatic, my hands on the front of the unit, holding me up. I knew my shorts were getting soaked, my pussy gushing sweet juices. I'd never felt anything this good, ever! The part against my clit was so damn fucking good!!!! 

"Jen, you should try one of the attachments. You know I don't mind. Why don't you," Todd urged.

Jeeeeeeeeeze, I knew I shouldn't. Way way too dangerous . . . getting so excited, so turned on. But I had made my mind up that I wouldn't fuck with Todd after that first time. So maybe this would be alright. After all, why not experience this wonderful machine completely!

"Okay, sure, I said," my voice catching slightly.

Todd went upstairs and came back with what looked to be a perfectly sized dildo. 

"Get up for a sec, k," Todd asked.

Todd screwed the dildo to the VibroMatic. "There you go, Jen," he said.

Smiling, a little nervously, I moved my running shorts aside, exposing my pussy, my pussy lips swollen and dripping with juices. Teasing my pussy lips over the VibroMatic cock, my juices dripped down and coated the cock, making it slippery and slick. Slowly I eased down, the cock filling me . . . stretching me ever so slightly. My god, but it felt sooooooooooooooo good!!!

"K, Jen, here we go," Todd said after I had eased down all the way, the cock totally and completely filling my pussy.

He turned the little knob and the cock started to vibrate and slowly swivel in my pussy . . . and the part against my clit started vibrating as well. Jesus fuck, did that feel gooooooooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I HAD TO fuck down hard against the VibroMatic, to feel that glorious cock inside me, swiveling, that part on my clit, teasing, buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing so fucking good.

Todd was smiling at me as he watched me writhing and fucking on the machine. I glanced at his shorts and saw that his cock was rock hard and straining against the thin material of his shorts. My god, did that look good. I'd felt that cock inside me before and I gazed mesmerized at his manhood, the shaft, hard and thick, and the head, so pronounced.

But this VibroMatic!!!! OMG, was it fucking good!!! Rocking my hips, grinding, I couldn't believe how good it felt to have that cock rotating inside me, touching every part of my pussy, inside . . . and the buzzzzzzzzzing part right tight against my clit.

Todd varied the speed and intensity of the VibroMatic . . . and that made it all the more exquisite and wonderful!! I was overcome with lust and passion, grinding so good down on the VibroMatic. I was desperate fucking now . . . totally grinding, pressing my clit so tight against the vibrating part. 

My eyes closed, I kept hunching and pressing my soaked, dripping pussy against the VibroMatic. I could feel the strongest orgasm building and building!

Then I felt something behind me, and I realized it was Todd, getting on the VibroMatic, straddling it right behind me. He pressed up behind me and put his arms around me.

"Feels good?" Todd asked, whispering in my ear.

All I could do is moan in response. It was feeling that good!

I felt Todd's hands caressing my shoulders, running over my sides, coming to my hips. He held my hips and helped me to grind against the VibroMatic, pushing down, keeping my clit firmly (fuck, so firmly!) against the vibrating part!!

I could feel his cock behind me . . . almost taking the breath away from me!

He was fucking his cock slightly against my ass and as he did that, it caused my pussy to grind on the swiveling cock and my clit to move on the vibrating part of the VibroMatic. I was in total fuck heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!! Little whimpers and mews of raw pleasure were escaping from my lips as I ground, hunched, and fucked and fucked and fucked!!

And then I felt Todd's raw cock between my ass cheeks!!! He had taken his cock out . . . and I was kind of sitting on it as I fucked up and down on the dildo and the buzzing clit part did its magic on my love bud. Todd's cock slipped along, going under my spread legs, sliding along my open slippery pussy lips.

I was starting to lose it!!!!!!!!!!! You know that feeling . . . going over the edge . . . where there's only fucking on your mind, only cumming . . . and you JUST FUCKING HAVE TO CUM!!!!!! Feeling the incredible sensations the machine was giving me and feeling Todd's cock between my legs . . . fuck, I could hardly stand it! Grinding down so good . . . feeling filled up so totally, and knowing how turned on Todd was, my heart hammered in my chest!

And then I felt Todd's hands on my breasts as he hunched his cock! His hands slipped under my sports bra and went to my nipples, rolling them, slightly pinching them . . . as he pushed his cock along my pussy lips!

OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!! I was getting so close, those quivery cum sensations building deep in my pussy. No way in the fucking world could I quit now!!! I SIMPLY HAD TO HAD TO HAD TO HAD TO CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Forcing my pussy down on the vibrating part of the VibroMatic, feeling Todd's cock against my pussy lips, and grinding so the dildo inside me was so fucking tight, I could feel that orgasm building . . . and building . . . and building. My whole body started to quiver, to get that OMG feeling! There was no way I could stop now . . . fuck, I was getting so close! And then . . . yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!! Fuck, fuck, fuck!!! I was totally cumming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gushing . . . my pussy pulsating and clenching on the dildo . . . my mind floating in cum heaven . . . omg, omg, omg!!!!! And just as the orgasm was most intense, I felt Todd's cock erupt, to shoot warm, creamy cum on my pussy lips. And I ground down so hard . . . god, how could anything feel any better than this? Hunching, fucking, I ground and ground . . . slowing down as the powerful orgasm released its grip on me . . . leaving me so relaxed, so spent. 

Todd held me and pressed himself to my back as we savored those post-cum sensations.