 She slipped into the warm water of the bath that he had made up for her and sat down. There were bubbles all around her that smelled good. It was very relaxing. She enjoyed the kiss that he gave her before he joined her in the water. The tub was a jetted corner tub and was roomy enough for two people with room to spare. 

She felt him take one of her feet in his strong hands and start to rub it. The rubbing felt so good as he pressed his fingers into the bottom of her foot. His fingers moved the length of her small foot and between her toes. She smiled at the attention he was giving her and closed her eyes.

She thought back to earlier in the day when he had met her at the airport. She was worried that she wouldn't recognize him as she went to pick up her bags and that she would be wondering around looking for a man that she hadn't see in person in so many years. She shouldn't have worried because as soon as she had made it past the security checkpoint he was right there. He looked exactly like the picture he had sent. Not only that but as she came into view he was the only guy that had a huge smile on his face. It was him alright.

They hugged tightly for several moments and then he kissed her. She had expected the hug but not the kiss. She was surprised at how excited she and gotten by the touch of his lips on hers and let out a small moan. She felt him smile and smiled too. They got her luggage and held hands as they walked to his car. It was like no time had passed. There they were again, together after so many years. They felt so comfortable together.

As he had opened the door to the car for her, she turned towards him and pulled him into a deep embrace. She had been thinking about this kiss during the entire flight and couldn't wait any longer to give it to him. She pressed her body into his and moved her hands around his body. She felt him embrace her moving his hands up and down her back. She reached around and took one of his hands and moved it down to her ass.

He didn't need much encouragement as he reached down with his other hand, cupped both her cheeks and pulled her tightly into him. She could feel her chest press against his, and her nipples got hard. She knew they were poking him through her shirt and bra. It wasn't much of a bra anyway, just some sexy thing she had put on to look good. 

She didn't care who was watching at that moment and slid her hand up under his shirt feeling his chest. She was growing more excited by the moment and could feel herself get wet and longed for him to touch her. They kissed for a while longer before he pulled away and said that they would have time for all of that later in the day.

He had taken her to his place by the lake and told her that they were going to go to dinner at a nice restaurant. Since they were going out to a nice place she wanted to look her best for him. She had gone into the master bath to take a shower. It was a large glass shower that had multiple heads so no matter where you were, you were in the water. She left the door open as she took her clothes off and smiled at him as he watched her. She could see the bulge in his pants and wanted to go over right then and do something about it. Somehow she stayed in control and finished taking her panties off and got into the shower. The warm water felt good on her tired muscles. She didn't mind flying but she did tense up during the flight. She washed her hair and her body before shaving. She took her time shaving, making everything as smooth as possible.

She hadn't noticed him watching her when she got out and dried herself off. She put lotion all over her body to protect it from drying out starting at her legs. She slowly moved her hands up and down her legs letting the lotion absorb into them before moving on. Her arms were next and then the rest of her body. She looked out the door to see him watching her with a smile on his face. She knew that he had enjoyed the show very much. She closed the door to finish getting ready. She wanted some things to be a surprise for later, like the really sexy black panties she had picked out for the evening...

She opened her eyes as he continued to rub up her legs. He had moved on from both of her feet to her legs. His touch felt good to her as he rubbed up and down her smooth legs. She slid forward and motioned for him to move behind her. He moved around her and sat down behind her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her back into him. She leaned her head back on his chest and took in a deep breath. She could still smell his cologne, damn it smelled nice. 

He lightly ran his hands up her body tracing lines of water over her chest and nipples. In this water they weren't very hard at the moment but as he started to pay attention to him, he could feel the skin around the nipples tighten up and the nipples protrude out into his palm. He squeezed them, and pulled at them, wanting them to get harder. He could feel the blood start to rush to his cock and press into her back. She turned towards him and kissed him on the mouth allowing his hands to move down her back and on to her ass. He gently squeezed feeling her firm ass in his hands. He felt her reach between his legs and touch his cock. He was fully hard then, completely recovered from their previous love making.

She ran her hand up and down his cock enjoying the feeling of it in her hand. She continued to kiss him pressing herself hard into his body. She was very turned on and wanted to feel him inside her again. She stood up in the bath and took his hand, helped him to his feet. They stepped out of the tub and quickly dried off and moved into the bedroom. She hadn't seen him place the bottle of wine next to the bed, but there it was a bottle of her favorite wine, Riesling on ice. He poured her a glass and handed it to her. She drank some and watched him pull something from the nightstand.

He took the cock ring out of the drawer and placed it over his hard cock. The cock ring had a vibrator on one side so that it would stimulate her clit as he moved in and out of her. He watched her take another drink of the wine and lay down on the bed. He moved next to her and kissed her while running his hand down her side. She had such a great body that he found it hard not to touch her all the time. His hand moved down her hip and around her body to her lower back.

She reached down and started to stroke his cock again. She knew that he would stay hard for a while now and wanted to enjoy as much of it as she could. She moved right up next to him and lifted her leg allowing his cock to move right to her opening. With a quick movement she rolled him to his back and sat on top of him, his cock sliding easily into her wet pussy. She reached down and turned on the vibrating part of the cock ring and started to move up and down over his cock. This felt sooo good. She moved her hips up and down sliding his cock in and out of her. She would press against me hard when they came together letting the vibrator tingle her clit. She had never felt anything quite like this before. It felt sooo good. She could feel an orgasm building within her already. She continued to move up and down on his cock grinding against him. She would tighten her pussy around him and squeeze his cock as she pulled up. She ran her hands up her body over her chest and through her hair. His hands were on her hips, not controlling the pace but resting against her skin.

He watched her lean her head back and close her eyes and could feel her pussy tightening around his cock. He felt her orgasm wash over her. Her pussy tightened up and pulsated around him. She was biting her lip to keep from crying out nearly succeeding. He felt the wetness of her pussy rush over him and onto his lap. He had given her one of the biggest orgasms she had ever had. He reached up and played with her breasts, and pulled at her nipples. He loved they way they felt in his fingers as he squeezed and tweaked them.

She leaned down and pinned his arms above his head. She continued to ride his cock, slower than before allowing herself to recover from the intense feelings in her clit. She kissed him hard on the mouth, taking control of the situation. She liked being aggressive and she knew what she liked. She liked the pace she had set and enjoyed the feeling of his hard cock inside of her. There was something about it that just felt perfect. His cock was just right. It hit all the right spots. She could feel another orgasm coming on, an innie this time. His cock was hitting her g-spot just right and she knew she was only moments away. She moaned in his ear and called out his name.

Her pussy was so tight and wet. He was enjoying the feeling of her on top of him. He was thrusting his cock in and out of her in time with her thrusts. She was getting tighter again and knew that she must be close. He heard her moan and his name called. He thrust harder wanting her to cum to him again. She did. 

She arched her back and closed her eyes and let the orgasm rush over her. She had never had two orgasms so close together before. It felt wonderful. She knew she was dripping wet all over his cock and wondered if she was too wet now. She allowed him to roll her on to her back and spread her legs wide for him. 

He nestled between her legs and let her guide his cock back into her wet pussy. She was tight but with as wet as she was, he was able to slide all the way in with one thrust. It was his turn to control the pace, and he started off slow. He moved his cock in and nearly completely out of her. The long thrusts had the desired effect. She was moaning with pleasure at the feeling of his cock in her. He leaned down and kissed her on the lips, sliding his tongue in her mouth. He felt her hands move down his body and grab his ass. 

She wanted to him to believe that he was in control, but he wasn't. He may have been on top, but she pulled his ass into her. She started to pull at him slowly keeping with his pace and then began to pull at him faster, making him stroke in and out of her faster and harder. The vibrator was still pressing against her clit with every thrust giving her a jolt of please every time it touched her. He was so good in bed. She kissed him hard feeling another orgasm about to wash over her. She pulled at him harder and faster. She wanted to cum again. She wanted to cum all over his cock again. To let him enjoy how much he was pleasuring her. The orgasm hit her like a train. This one was more powerful than the other two. It was the combination of his cock deep inside her with that of the vibrator pressing against her clit. Her body shuddered, her pussy contracting around his cock. 

He watched her orgasm and only wanted to give her another one. He reached down and moved her legs from beside him and put them over his shoulders. This made her pussy even tighter and allowed his cock to hit in different places within her. He started to thrust in and out of her. She was so wet and hot. It felt so nice being in her. It didn't take long for this next orgasm to rush over her, but he continued to move in and out of her. He could feel his own orgasm starting to rise. Even with the cock ring on, he was going to cum to her again. He started to thrust in and out of her harder and faster. He called out her name as he climaxed. He had to slow down the thrusting as his cock got very sensitive after his orgasm. 

She felt him pull out of her, and watched as he took the cock ring off. Just then she watched as his cum flowed out on to her mound. She reached down and rubbed some of it into her pussy. She could hardly touch herself so was so sensitive from all the attention. He had gotten up and brought back a warm wet wash cloth to clean up the mess he had left on her. He wiped the cloth over her, cleaning her up and laid down in bed next to her. He offered her more wine with the promise of continued enjoyment throughout the evening.