 I'd like to take a quick moment to acknowledge the Literotica community's positive comments and votes for my debut story, Group Camping. Thank you!! This story involves the same people with the same narrator -- Sal -- as before.

Enjoy!

+++++

Before you go judging me you should know:

I'd had a really shit day.

A classic alarm clock failure had me running out the door unshowered, wearing the first thing I pulled out of my closet. So much for maintaining a good impression at the new job.

Let me say this - if I had known that cab drivers in the city were planning a strike, I would have planned a vacation day.

To the guy on the subway - a packed train is not an acceptable excuse to press your groin into my hip. And PS - I've had bigger.

The barista at the hipster cafe in my office building lobby took no shame in blatantly ogling me while he handed me my coffee (though I do agree, my tits looked amazing in that shirt), and then my phone buzzed, which surprised me and made me jump.

Which is when I found out that Skinny Jeans hadn't totally snapped the lid on the to-go cup.

Which is when I found out exactly how hot a double-shot Americano with scalded milk can be.

So while I was standing in the ladies room, awkwardly pressing my crotch against the blessedly cold tile wall so as to angle my blouse directly below the hot-air-hand-blower-thing, my phone buzzed again.

Two text messages, both from my cubicle-mate:

9:45 AM: I assume I haven't seen you yet because you're with the creepy copier guy printing the glossies for 2day's presentation???

9:51 AM: WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU THE PRESENTATION STARTS IN 5 MINUTES

And then, of course, I dropped my phone.

Because I was drenched in overpriced coffee and late for a meeting for which I had not yet printed glossies. And because I had just dropped a brand new smartphone worth half a month's rent, I exclaimed the only thing that seemed appropriate:

"Jesus Fucking Christ!"

And then, because they had to pee before our 10:00 AM meeting to discuss my firm's pro-bono promotion of their new after school program, two nuns walked in to the ladies room.

Tile walls magnify and echo sound surprisingly well.

So.

No chance I'm not going to Hell.

Somehow I kept it together through the three hour meeting, and didn't even get called out later for my shoddy attire. When I told my cubicle mate how surprised I was that I didn't even get a reprimanding email, she explained that our boss is dealing with some hush-hush sexual harassment in the workplace charge. Evidently he'd just as soon go ahead and quit his job before making any sort of remark about the camisole that I was trying to pass off as appropriate work clothes since the whole hand-air-dryer thing had ruined my actual blouse.

She'd assured me though that as soon as he gets the charges dropped, we can expect Mr. Hands-y to make a return.

Great.

I worked through lunch and was watching the sun set over the artificial horizon of my it's-not-really-a-cubicle-because-it's-designer-and-we-paid-a-huge-wad-of-money "workspace" when a calendar notification popped up on my computer.

7:30 PM: Don't forget to look in on C&M's place while they're gone!

Shit. That's right. I had told Cara that I'd look in on their apartment while they were on vacation.

I threw the rest of my work into my bag and tried to ignore the dirty looks of the dinner-at-their-desks workaholics as I made my way to the elevator.

The creepy copier guy farted as he walked in behind me and I learned that I can only hold my breath for about nine floors before I start to get lightheaded.

It was totally dark by the time I made it to Cara and Micah's apartment building. They're in a district that Micah swears is about to go trendy, but clearly hasn't even made it to the safe-if-you-don't-drive-a-nice-car phase yet.

I consider visits there a success when I can make it in and out without bearing witness any public urination.

When I got to their floor I noticed that nosy, old Mr. Lackie across the hall had left his door open. He says he does it for the "fresh air", but we all know he does it so he can keep an eye on the comings and goings of his neighbors, and to scold people he deems too loud, or too inappropriate.

I wasn't in the mood for a rambling speech about women in the workplace or my revealing shirt, so I did my best to tiptoe past Lackie's door, and took great care to unlock and get in to Cara and Micah's place as silently as possible.

With one look around, I could tell that someone had been in the apartment recently. Even in the dark it was clear that things were out of place. I dropped my bag on the couch and surveyed the scene.

Clothes were strewn all across the living room and it looked like somebody had clipped the bookcase and knocked over some of the pictures on its shelves.

Streetlight from the window in the kitchen showed that someone had dropped - or thrown? - the red vase that Micah gave Cara for her birthday last year.

I walked back to the living room to get my phone and call the cops, and that's when I noticed the lamp light coming from the open bedroom door just around the corner.

The sun hadn't set that long ago. Whoever had been here, had been here recently.

Then I heard voices.

I froze where I was and tried desperately to hear anything clearly over the sudden roaring in my ears.

"Look, I'm sorry," A man said, sounding frustrated, "I swear to God it won't happen again, alright?"

"Don't swear to God, swear to me!"

I almost laughed out loud in relief. There were no burglars in the house with me. I hadn't entered a robbery in progress.

It was Micah and Cara, home a day early.

Home a day early and, from the looks of the apartment, just winding down one monster of a fight.

"Okay, I swear to you." There was a pause, then, "I swear to you, and our fish, and our apartment, and our foreign DVDs and your indie playlists and our life together."

I almost left then, not wanting to disturb his sweet little speech. Bag in hand, smile on my face, I was about to sneak out of the apartment unnoticed.

I resolved to text Cara the next day, maybe confess what I'd heard over drinks in a day or two.

And I would have done it, I really would have gone. But then Micah's voice dropped to a croon.

"You know what else? I swear to your lips," There was a pause, and I imagined that I could hear them kiss.

"And your neck," Another pause, another kiss.

"And your amazing tits."

At this, I heard Cara huff out a low laugh.

"And your ass,"

There was the sound of clothing being removed, but I couldn't tell whose.

"And your thighs." Micah went slow over 'thighs', and after a moment Cara moaned.

I'd like to say that I had an out of body experience then. That I just hadn't been able to stop myself from keeping still and listening. That I'd been embarrassed.

But I knew what I was doing. I wanted to stay longer, wanted to hear more.

I wanted to relax after a long day and watch them fuck.

My less-than-stealthy approach to the bedroom was masked by the sound of more clothes coming off and the sighing, straining 'mmfp's and 'ahh's of urgent foreplay.

I made it down the short hallway and paused just outside the bedroom door. From this close I could clearly make out the sound of skin on skin and the wet noise of more kissing.

When their mattress creaked, I risked a quick peek into the room.

The lamp cast more than enough light to see. The bed was positioned against the far wall of the room, and if they'd had anything other than just a headboard, I'd have been out of luck.

Cara was laying flat on her back, legs hanging over the end of the bed. It looked like she was still wearing a sundress, pushed up to her chest to reveal the flat plane of her stomach, and her total lack of panties.

Micah stood nearby, facing sideways to me but looking down at Cara.

I'd never even seen Micah in a bathing suit, much less totally naked, so the eyeful that I got was a bit of a shock. All the gym time, fussy primping, and clean eating that he did were doing him good.

Defined arms, washboard abs, God, he even had a muscle 'V' at his hips - I thought those were all photoshopped for magazines!

He stood there like some sort of Adonis, stroking a rock-hard cock. I stood unseen, twenty feet away, loving it.

When he started to turn, I whipped back behind the door frame into the relative safety of the dark hallway.

There was some more 'mmm'ing, but when the bed didn't creak any further I got too curious and dared another look into the bedroom.

Cara had spread her legs, bare pussy open and hairless. From where I stood I could clearly see her pink folds and the dark slit of her entrance.

I remembered that night so many months ago, when I had touched her there. How wet she had been when I pushed my fingers inside her.

Micah was off to one side of Cara, leaning all the way over her so that he could squeeze a breast while he kissed her.

I watched as his hand trailed down, fingers flattening over the manicured hair between Cara's legs, fingernails lightly raking down her pussy.

When he reached her opening, he slipped two fingers in and I could see Cara's thighs tighten with pleasure. Her hips tilted, angling so that she could fit him up to the knuckle.

He spread his fingers a bit and took a few quick strokes. The sound of his hand working inside her was audible across the room.

Unable to look away even though it meant almost certain discovery, I watched as Micah slid his body down Cara's, gracefully coming to a kneeling position between her legs.

Cara was panting now, the mounds of her breasts heaving in anticipation. She rested her heels on Micah's back, and his shoulder blades worked visibly as he leaned forward, spreading her legs open.

Even with the view of her pussy blocked by Micah's head I knew when he put his mouth on her. Her back arched, toes curling and she let out a long, low moan.

His jaw worked, open and closed, and I imagined the tight, slow suckle that Cara was experiencing.

Almost subconsciously, I undid my button and zipper, and slipped a hand into my pants.

After a minute, he tucked his hands behind her knees and pushed her legs up and out, spreading her further and tilting her hips up.

He slid his own knees open too, and I was treated to a backstage view of his heavy-hanging cock peeking out from below his ass.

I ran a finger inside the wet lips of my own pussy, pressed tight against the restriction of my slacks.

"Ooohhh, yes," Cara moaned, "right there, don't stop!"

One of Micah's hands disappeared between him and Cara and a second later she gasped a high squeal. The tilt and movement of his head changed, and I could tell he was licking her hard now.

"Put it all the way in!" Cara panted.

Micah's position changed a bit as one shoulder came up higher than the other and he pressed closer to the bed. When her legs tightened and she groaned, I realized that now Cara was getting it in the ass, too.

I thrust two fingers as far as they would go up into my opening, trying not to make any noise as I fingered myself frantically.

Soon Cara's moans changed from breathy, encouraging things to something more raw.

I bit my lip hard, willing myself to stay silent while she groaned, deep and urgent and fast.

When Micah's head went still, mouth wide open, she let out a gasp and arched her back high. I could almost feel his tongue on me, the flick of it over and over deep inside my own entrance.

Despite my best efforts, I was panting lightly. My legs were shaking and I gripped the door frame to stay upright.

Just when I didn't think I could take any more, Cara came.

It was a desperate, keening thing, a low "Ohhh!" and then a gasp "Uuuuhhhh!" a gasp "Uuuhhhh!" shaking, moaning gasp.

I kept watching long enough to see Micah pull away and wipe his glistening face with one hand. Unable to keep control, I rolled my back to the wall in the hallway, clit throbbing and fingers pushing in deep and fast until I came, spurting my juices into my hand in silent, quivering ecstasy.

Inside the bedroom the mattress creaked again, and there was the sound of shifting and touching. Breath hissed in through Micah's clenched jaw, and when I regained my composure I was able to listen close enough to tell that Cara was sucking his cock. Low humming was interspersed with the wet sounds of her mouth on him.

I stayed in the dark until I heard Micah say "Come here, baby," and I heard Cara climb onto the bed with him.

Now, I thought, it's time to go. I'd gotten a show, I had fingered myself to climax in their hallway and now, while they were busy getting to the rest of their night I should leave before I got caught.

I thought all these things, and then I thought about the coffee on my shirt and the judgy nuns and the stack of thankless work waiting in my bag.

And I remembered Cara's surprise visit to our tent back when we went couples-camping, and how she hadn't seemed to mind watching me fuck my boyfriend. And she hadn't seemed to mind it when she fingered me. Or later, when I fingered her.

So she certainly wouldn't mind if I took a little pleasure in their sex after a hard day.

I just couldn't get caught.

When I got up the nerve to look in again Micah was the one on his back, legs bent over the end of the bed at his knees.

Cara was straddling him, raised up so that she was perched just at the top of him. His cock glistened from being in her mouth and it stood rod straight, hard and big.

I watched as Cara reached down and fit him into her entrance, sliding down until he was buried to the hilt. She braced herself on his abs and rocked her hips back and forth so that most of him stayed deep in and just a little came in and out.

Micah's hands appeared at Cara's hips as she rocked. Every time she settled down his balls squeezed a bit, visible against the press of her ass.

She leaned forward and more of him slipped out. From the way her body curved down, I could see that she was pleasuring herself.

Her ass clenched quickly as she sped up, fucking herself on his cock while she fingered her clit.

"Oh, oh God!" she cried, "mmmm! - mmmm! - yes - yes - YES!" she bounced on him in the jerky, heedless way of a quick, surprise orgasm.

Micah thrust his hips up, driving deep into her and together they worked it over and over. He gripped her ass, spreading her cheeks apart and pulling her forward so that he almost came out of her, then pushing down hard as her ass slapped his balls.

Soon it was Micah's turn to groan. He managed a throaty "So close," and then held Cara up while he fucked her, completely controlling the pace.

With her spread open like that I had an amazing view of the pucker of Cara's ass and her wet pussy, stretched tight around Micah's thick member as it pumped piston-like inside her.

She hovered, mid-straddle and gasped encouragement.

"Oh, fuck," Micah burst out, "fu-, yeah! Yeah!" he grunted, coming inside her.

He released Cara almost before he was done, and as she slid off his wet cock a last little bit of cum spurt out onto her pussy.

Instead of laying down beside him, Cara just moved up his torso a bit and lay on his chest while the firm length of his member softened on his leg.

They murmured to each other in low tones, shifting together in the spent, afterglow way that lovers do.

Terrified of being caught now that they weren't distracted by sex, I didn't even bother to do up my pants. Instead I crept, heart pounding so loud that they must have heard it, until I felt safe enough in the living room to stand up straight, button and zip my pants, and shoulder my bag.

I tip-toed to the foyer and silently left the apartment.

With new, pro-like stealth powers I managed to get past old Mr. Lackie's door with no trouble and was out on the sidewalk in no time.

An off-strike, dingy yellow cab pulled up almost as soon as I raised my arm, and for that I showed my enormous gratitude with an equally enormous tip.

Oh, and as for peeping on Cara and Micah? I'd be lying if I said I didn't touch myself to the memory of their sex. And if I didn't ask my boyfriend Eddy to finger my ass the next time he went down on me.