 We were finally going to meet! I stood at the front of the restaurant pacing back and forth. I was much more nervous then I thought I would be. My heart was racing and I felt like I was cold and sweating all at the same time.

Amber and I had been talking for months, but had never met. I never even imagined that I could feel this way about someone I had never met before. But she was everything I didn't even know I desired. A few months ago I didn't even know what I wanted. I only knew that whatever it was I had not found it yet. Then Amber came into my life, with that beautiful smile and those piercing eyes. Not to mention the perfect body that just called out my name and made me feel urges and desires like I had never felt before. She was perfect in every way. I could not have imagined a better woman and here I was about to meet her for the first time.

There was her car pulling up. I ran to her car and opened the door for her like some kid at his High School prom. Excited and nervous, all at the same time. I took her hand and helped her step out of the car.

Immediately, I could feel the electricity from the very first touch. We both smiled, and I surveyed her perfect body now standing in front of me, with that nice little mini skirt and those luscious legs.

'You look even more incredible in person,' I said as I leaned in to kiss her cheek holding it a little longer than usually acceptable and taking in her scent. It was like a sweet fragrance I had never smelled before. A scent I never wanted to forget!

We sat down together in the booth. Talking about mundane things. I could barely concentrate enough to really stay a part of the conversation and I could tell she didn't really want to small talk either. I could sense a yearning from her. A yearning to be touched, to be caressed, kissed, and devoured!

Amber noticed that I wasn't really listening and called me out. I smiled and told her how consumed I was with her beauty. My desire for her was so strong that I could think of nothing else. I slowly moved my hand and placed it on her thigh. It was so soft and perfect.

Again I reached in and kissed her on the cheek, once again taking in the intoxicating smell. Only this time he remained close to her, and moved my lips across her face to her ear. 'I have wanted this for so long. With every once of my being I want this. I want to feel you, taste you, and hear you moan out in ecstasy!' I whispered.

I could feel her breaths get quicker and her legs shudder a little. She reached around with her hand and placed it on mine as she whispered back in my ear, 'I want to feel you inside of me.' She took my hand and slowly slid it along her inner thigh and I understood what she wanted.

I moved my hand the rest of the way until I could feel her already wet panties. She whispered again, 'I have been thinking about you all day.' She jumped a little as I started to rub her pussy with my hand. The motion of her body and the slight moan in her voice told me to continue. I moved the panties aside with my fingers and felt her wetness in my hands.

She was so warm and soft and I could feel my cock jump in my pants at the thought of being inside of her. She took in several sharp shallow breaths as I penetrated her with my fingers now sliding them in and out.

She reached around and grabbed my crotch feeling my desire in her hands. I jumped in my chair! It had been so long since someone had touched me with that kind of desire. I knew this had gone as far as it should in the restaurant so I threw some money on the table to pay for drinks and jumped up from the table.

All the while trying to hide my bulge in my pants from the public. I took her hand in mine and together we snuck out the back door.

Again I opened the door for her and watched her sit in the car and situate her incredibly sexy legs. I had a hard time deciding what to focus on. My eyes moving back and forth between her legs, the little bit of cleavage I could now see as she sat there in the car, and her longing eyes that seemed to penetrate my soul.

I hurried over to the drivers side of the car and excitedly jumped in, giving her one last look over before starting up the car and throwing it into reverse. My heart was racing! 'Um, you are so....' I said as I tried to come up with the words, but my shyness was really showing.

Amber placed her finger over my mouth and whispered, 'shhhhhhhh, no need to talk.' She placed her other hand on my inner thigh and started kissing my ear and neck. This immediately caused an erection again. She pationately grabbed my cock with her hand and began rubbing it through the pants.

'Mmmmmmm,' I moaned, and she giggled as she was now devouring my neck. It took all of my concentration just to stay on the road while I was driving. Especially when she undid the buckle on my pants and reached inside to grab my big hard cock that was throbbing with anticipation!

Bump, bump, bump. The car had moved off the road for a second. She gave me a sinister grin and asked, 'Are you sure you can handle this?' She didn't even wait for a response cause she already knew what it would be.

She immediately ducked her head down and began licking my beautiful cock and was still stroking it in her hand. She was exploring every inch of it with her tongue and hands. Sliding her hands further down my pants and caressing my balls with her hands, just as she wrapped her lips around my head and quickly slid down my shaft.

My whole body went numb and I gripped the steering wheel hard with my hands. My body had not felt this good in a long time. She was now going faster and faster, while stroking my cock with one hand and toying with my anus with her other hand. My breathing got heavy and I grabbed her hair with my hands, trying to be gentle, but primal urges were causing me to pull a little on her hair.

This only excited her more and now she was frantically taking my cock deep into her mouth. I could no longer contain it and my warm cum began to shoot into her mouth as I screamed, 'Ohhhhhhh yes, God yes!'

She moaned with excitement at the feel of my juices sliding out of my cock and into her mouth. As I finished she could feel the tenseness in my body go away and I melted back into the seat. She slowly sucked every drop out of me and licked it clean with her tongue.

'You are amazing!' I said

She looked at me and smiled as she said, 'I know, but you ain't seen nothing yet'

As we pulled up to our destination I started getting excited again. I'm still in shock that all of this is finally happening. After all of the e-mails, all of the phone calls, and Instant Messaging I was finally meeting this amazing girl in the flesh. Butterflies hit my stomach as we eagerly jumped out of the car and headed for the front door.

There she stood in front of me unlocking the front door and I still couldn't keep my hands off of her, running my hands down her back and across her shoulders. 'You are even more perfect than I had imagined,' I say with a gentle voice.

She took my hand in hers and led me through the doorway. I shut and locked it on the other side and we stopped there staring into each others eyes. We were finally alone to do whatever we pleased and to please each other in every way possible. And yet there I was frozen.

Why was I so nervous all of a sudden? Even though we had already done some pretty intimate things together we had yet to kiss and to me that was one of the most intimate things, and one of the things I had looked forward to the most. As I pulled her body close to mine I gently whispered, 'are you sure you want to do this?'

'More than anything I have ever wanted in my whole life,' she said with enthusiasm!

I placed my hand behind her head and pulled her face up next to mine. Then I softly kissed her eyebrows like I had wanted to do so many times before. I kissed her eyelids and temples. Taking my time to do all of the tender things I had wanted to do for months.

I could see her lips trembling with anticipation. I could feel her breathe get heavier with every tender kiss. I was being patient and building the anticipation, but I could no longer contain myself. Our lips finally connected in what started as a soft exploratory kiss. Her lips were like honey, sweet and satisfying, and leaving me hungry for more!

As I broke away for the first time I looked into her eyes again and could see a desire for more. So I pressed my lips to hers one more time. This time with more vigor and excitement. I could feel my inhibitions dropping away as I slipped my tongue into her mouth and found great pleasure in meeting her tongue with mine.

There was no stopping now. As our tongues collided with passion and increasing intensity, I could feel this rush of energy and excitement all over again. I wanted her! I wanted to make her mine. Our tongues were dancing and our hands were caressing every part of our bodies, as if we were frantically searching for a part we had yet to touch had yet to discover.

My inhibitions had now been replaced by a raw passion and desire like I had never felt before. I could feel this savage beast inside me taking over! I pulled away from the kiss, and quickly scooped her up into my arms. I carried her into the bedroom and dropped her onto the bed. I quickly removed my shirt and she did the same.

I could see a new hunger in her eyes and now in her body as well. As I jumped on to the bed I grabbed both of her arms and pinned them to the bed above her. I kissed her lips once more, this time more savagely, feeling the bulge in my pants grow again with anticipation. My legs immediately moved inside of hers and pushed hers open with my thighs. My hips began to thrust into her with anticipation.

My lips traveled from her mouth to her neck, devouring it. Sucking, licking, and the occasional nibble. I worked my way down her neck to her beautiful shoulders. Then I let go of her arms just long enough to remove her bra and take her now hard nipple in my mouth. Mmmmmmmmm it tasted so good, felt so good on my tongue!

Again I was thrusting my hips with anticipation, and I could feel her doing the same. Long hard licks of my tongue on her nipple were making her so excited, that her back began to arch and her muscles in her body grew tense.

My tongue worked its way down her body as I ripped her pants, and her panties off in one fluid motion. I had to stop for a moment and gaze at the perfection that laid before me. I had given up on hiding my excitement and she could see it all over my face. 

She smiled and said, 'I want you to take me now. My body is yours.' She trusted me. She knew she could give herself over to me without fear or worry. She knew I would treasure her and pleasure her in every way I knew how.

'And I am yours,' I said so that she would understand that he was submitting himself to her desires as well....

My hands were placed on her knees and I spread her legs before me. I began kissing her inner thighs, trying to take my time, but the hunger inside me was once again taking over. I had to taste her. To feel her soft wet pussy on my mouth!

So with one long lick down her thigh I came to her now throbbing pussy. It must have been more than she could bear as well, because she grabbed my head and pushed it into her groin. Mmmmmm I thought her lips tasted good, but this was like a sweet wine, both delicious and intoxicating.

"Oh yesssssss!" She screamed as I smothered her with my tongue. She wrapped her legs around my head and pressed in harder on the back of my head with her hands. The savage beast inside of her was quickly coming out as well!

I pressed in further probing her clit with my tongue. Trying to find that perfect spot to tease. Her body was wrenching in every direction so I had to place my hands firmly against her hips to hold her to the bed. This only made her try even harder to move, and we played a game of me trying to contain her while she tried to lose control. 

I was winning until I felt the muscles in her body shaking and her back arching high into the air. I could no longer keep her down as her body wrenched back and forth and up and down, all the while my mouth licking and sucking on her and trying to follow her every move while she was having orgasms on top of each other.

"My God, Yesssssss!" She screamed again. "I need you inside of me. I need to feel you right now!"

I was so turned on at this point it was like an out of body experience. I had no control over myself. I traced her body again with my tongue finishing at her ear. "I have wanted this for soooo long," I said as I slowly penetrate her. 

"Ohhhhhhh," she said with a low groan under her voice. I placed my hand on her neck, so I could feel the vibrations of the groans in her voice. Every press or movement of my hips caused another groan or moan that only got me more excited. I could feel ever whimper in my hand. 

This got me so excited it was hard to bare. She felt so good and her body rubbing against mine was fantastic! The thrusting became faster and faster and her groans became louder. 

"Fuck me baby! Take me, I am yours. I want you to come with me. I am so close baby!" 

I grabbed her head and pulled it into me. Pressed her lips against mine and our tongues began rapidly fighting to see how many licks we could get in before it was all over. This sent a final surge of electricity to my loins and I could no longer contain myself.

Both of us now groaning as we passionately kissed and as I threw my whole body into every thrust. As I was coming I could feel her legs shaking once again around me, then they squeezed tight around me. The pleasure I was feeling lifted me onto another plain and I felt like I we were floating.

Then gravity kicked back in as I fell to the bed in exhaustion. Both of us tenderly kissing and holding each other. Neither wanting to be the first to let go. I could see in her eyes a sense of satisfaction. 

I was the first to speak after a long silence, "My heart is yours my sweet sunshine!" 

She smiled, "as is mine."

Nothing more needed to be said as we laid in each others arms together at last!