 At first his tongue did slow figure eights on her clit. The sound of her groans of pleasure were exhilarating, the way she writhed on the bed was a huge ego boost. Her pink pretty pussy was dripping with her love juices, so much so that Frank’s face looked like a freshly glazed doughnut. As his tongue darted over her clit, waves of electricity shot through Janet’s entire being. No one on this planet could eat pussy like Frank!

After the slow figure eights on her clit, Frank picked up the pace. Sticking his tongue straight out, making sure that the ball of his tongue ring hit her clit; Frank started moving his head from side to side. Slowly at first, but rapidly gaining speed. The feel of the cool metal ball was enough to send Janet over the edge. She arched her back and let out a piercing scream as her first orgasm of the night washed over her.

Still licking her clit; this time with a lapping motion, Frank took his index and middle fingers and eased them into Janet’s sopping pussy. Janet gasped as she felt his fingers slide into her and started to gyrate her hips almost instantly. Frank pressed hard with his tongue and quickly started lapping at her clit, while at the same time he curved his fingers inside her, rubbing the top of her walls, reaching for her g-spot. 

After a few minutes of fast and furious lick and rubbing, Janet, for the second time let out another scream of delight. Frank, kneeling on the floor sat up and stretched his neck from left to right, he looked at Janet who was shivering with delight and said, “You thought that was good? Just wait a second for round two. I think you’ll enjoy this.” As a sly smile played across his features.

With that Frank put his two fingers back into the warm, wet, soft pussy. He pumped his hand back and forth like his fingers were his dick. As fast as he could move his hand, his fingers pumped. Janet was rotating her hips for maximum effect when she came again, this time pussy juice gushed out. With his hand covered in her love juice, Frank used the same two fingers and slowly eased them into Janet’s hot, tight asshole. 

At first she wasn’t sure how to feel, she never had anyone even attempt to do this before. It felt strange and a bit uncomfortable, but at the same time she couldn’t help but notice the sparks of pleasure associated with this new experience. Then Frank slowly started moving his fingers and waves of bliss shot all over her body. As soon as Frank got a rhythm going, he reached forward and grabbed a hold of one of her massive boobs, lovingly fondling her nipple. For a split second Janet didn’t think it could get any better than this. That was until she felt Frank’s talented tongue enter her pussy, and his nose rubbing her clit. 

Before Janet knew what hit her, an enormous orgasm rocked her entire being. Janet’s back arched high off the bed, her nails dug into Frank’s back, her toes curled, her fists clenched, and she screamed so loud that surely the dead would have woken. Her pussy gushed its love juices all over Frank’s face and he adoringly swallowed every last drop of her. However, Frank didn’t stop, not even long enough to let her catch her breath. As her pussy was being licked out, her clit rubbed, her asshole probed, and her nipple pinched all at once she came again and again. Before Frank was finished with his oral sex, Janet came eight times.

Frank stopped and sat up again, a huge grin from ear to ear on his face as he looked at Janet. She was breathing heavy, sweating, and her body was noticeable twitching. She could barely lift her head when Frank stood before her, his cock mere inches from her face. As she looked at his cock she knew she could barely wait to have it in her. He wasn’t a huge man, but he was big enough. His big cock so hard and red that some of the veins were visible was a beautiful thing to Janet’s eyes right now. She lifted a hand and started to slowly stroke that magnificent piece of love meat. 

The feel of Janet’s soft warm hand on his cock felt delicious and as she stroked it, Frank could hardly do a thing. His eyes closed, loving the sensation of her hand rubbing his swollen cock’s head. It was when he felt her tongue running over his cock that he came to his senses as he nearly lost it. Quickly he jumped back and noted the look of momentary disappointment on Janet’s face. Frank walked over to the table where is cigarettes were at and sat down. Janet joined him at the table and they both lit up a smoke.