 THE KEGGER

I was in my junior year of college and Helen was a freshman. We both happened to be attending one of those mainstays of college social life, the kegger. This one was at a farm a few miles outside of our college town. A huge bonfire, beer kegs in tubs of ice and a local band blasting out their version of some rock classics.

I was standing near the fire talking to a guy who lived in the same apartment complex as I did. I saw her and a friend approach one of the kegs and fill their cups. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. Her tight yellow blouse hugged her full breasts. Form-fitting blue jeans and running shoes completed her outfit. She and her friend took their beers and stood near the area of the concrete slab floor that had been cleared for dancing. I watched them for a while, until her friend left her to hold her cup while she went off in search of a bathroom.

I went to stand next to her, watching the gyrations of the inebriated dancers. Gathering my nerve I turned to her to ask her to dance. Instead I found myself staring into the deepest blue eyes I have ever seen. As soon as our eyes met she quickly lowered hers. I took a deep breath and asked her to dance. She looked up briefly and said, "Yes, please," and quickly lowered her head again. Fortunately for me the next song was a slow one. She melted into my arms and molded her soft body to mine.

When the song ended I led her to the keg and got us fresh beers. We then found a quiet place to talk. I asked for a date the next night and she said she would love to. We both decided we had had enough partying for one night so I gave her a ride to her dorm.

THE FIRST DATE

Promptly at 7 p.m., in my best jeans and a nice shirt, I pulled up in front of her dorm. My eyes nearly popped from my skull when she walked out to my car. Her large firm breasts taxed the limits of the pale blue tube top she wore and her short tight skirt was equally strained to contain her lush hips and round ass. Spike heeled sandals added a few inches to her height. I jumped out and opened the door for her like a real gentleman, actually I just wanted to get close to her. The subtle fragrance of her perfume filled my nose as I climbed in and started the car.

"You look beautiful tonight," I said as my eyes traveled from her head to her toe. "Thank you," she replied in almost a whisper. "I hope you like pizza," I said, adding "This place has the best pie in town." Again in a low voice she answered, "I love pizza." 

When we got to the pizza place I offered my arm and escorted her to a table. We sat next to each other in a booth. As we ate I used my right hand to hold my pizza and my left hand to stroke her smooth thigh. Her only response was to spread her legs open a little wider as I slid my hand under her skirt to brush her damp panties.

I put my arm around her as we walked out, my hand resting on her lovely ass. My hand went back to her thigh as we drove to the theater. We took seats near the back and enjoyed our popcorn and sodas as well as the movie. When the movie ended I asked her to come back to my apartment. This time I got a clearly spoken, "Yes, Sir." I began to wonder if this woman was the one I was looking for.

AT MY APARTMENT

To call my place an apartment is some thing of a stretch. A glorified dorm room is more like it, but at least I wasn't sharing a bathroom with 30 other guys. My athletic scholarship made it possible to live on my own. 

I told Helen to make herself comfortable and went to get us a soft drink. For this first time I wanted her sober. I wanted to be sure her submission was real and not alcohol induced.

I came back to find her sitting on the couch. Handing her a soda I sat in the one and only chair. She kept her eyes downcast while we chatted for a few minutes. Deciding to find out if my suspicions about her were accurate I plunged ahead.

With more confidence than I really felt, I told her to stand in front of me and remove her skirt. She seemed to be relieved as she gave me a shy smile and rose to her feet. With her eyes still on the floor she stepped in front of my chair and reached behind her back to unzip her skirt. My breath caught in my throat as I watched her tiny skirt fall to the floor, revealing a skimpy red lace thong. Her long blond hair shimmered in the dim light as she nervously awaited my next command.

In order to examine her completely I asked her to slowly turn in a circle. Her firm round ass cheeks seemed to swallow the thin thong. She was absolutely lovely. When she turned to face me again I told her to remove her top and come sit on my lap. With one smooth motion she pulled her tube top over her head and off, tossing it on the couch before sliding onto my lap.

With my right hand on the small of her back, I used my left hand to stroke her body from her forehead to her knees. Small gasps escaped her lips as my fingers caressed her breasts and nipples. As I stroked her pink pussy lips and clit through her panties she moaned softly.

After examining her body I had her stand behind my chair. I moved beside her and bent her over the low back of the chair. Dragging the back of my fingers on her soft ass I asked her, "Is this what you need, my pretty one?" "Oh, yes Sir! Please! I need to be punished!" she moaned.

"What do you need to be punished for, pretty one?" I teased. She cried out, "Please Sir! I dressed like a whore to make you want me. I let you touch me in the restaurant and the car. I wanted you to touch me at the movie. Please Sir! Punish me!"

My cock lurched in my pants at the raw need in her voice. With a smooth stroke I drew my hand back and slapped her ass with a loud SMACK. "Oh yessss! Thank you Sir!" she yelped. With every stroke she moaned and wailed, thanking me and telling me how much she needed and deserved to be spanked.

After 20 or 30 blows I ripped my clothes and her panties off. Placing the head of my cock on her pussy lips I screamed, "Beg for my cock, pretty one!!" Pushing her hips back to me she cried, "Please give me your cock, Sir!! Fuck me hard, make me your slut!!" I slammed my hips forward, driving my cock deep in her hot wet pussy in one powerful thrust. We both groaned, and slammed our bodies together, the slap of my hips on her freshly spanked ass bouncing around the room. Leaning over her back I reached around and began pinching her nipples and slapping her tits. She squealed and screamed at me to pinch them harder. I was grunting with every hard thrust into her clasping pussy. She was chanting, "Fuck me!! Please fuck me harder!" Her hips were pumping in rhythm with my hard driving cock. She began begging, "Please cum in me Sir. Fill my cunt with your cum." I groaned as I drove my cock deep inside her one last time. "YESSSSSS!!" I bellowed. "I'm cummmmiiiinnnngggg!!" She shrieked, "OHHHHHHGODDDD!! I feel your cum shooting in me!! I'm cummmmiinnngggg tooo!!"

I slumped over on her back, our bodies gasping for air. As my cock slid from her, our mingled juices dribbled down her thigh. When we caught our breath I told her she still had a job to do. With a lusty smile she said. "Yes Sir." and fell to her knees, licking our mixed cum from my cock.

We spent several hours that night sitting together, naked on the couch, talking about the evening and what we wanted. That was over 10 years ago and we are still together. Maybe I will tell you about some of our adventures in another story...