 Something I wrote quickly on a day that I felt "inspired". Any comments or feedback is always appreciated. Hope it gives you what you're looking for, have fun.

*****

My boss at work always makes me do things that I don't wanna do. I'm eighteen and he's like fifty. He isn't super bad looking, he isn't fat or anything either. He just basically looks like an average guy, like a dad, his hair is just kind of grey and he just looks old to me. I'm only a teenager and I like boys my own age. 

But he calls me into the office and makes me stand in front of him and lift up my shirt. At first it was just to stare at my boobs through my bra and sometimes feel them. The first time he did it I was in trouble because I had been late to work and he was really mad at me, he told me that that he had to punish me because I was being a bad employee. Then he started telling me that I would lose my job if I didn't show him.

I feel all squirmy and strange when he takes my boobs and rubs them in circles with his hands. He compliments me on how pretty I am but his compliments made me feel shy and I blush and look away, even though they are kind of nice to hear.

He tells me how sexy I am, sometimes he calls me a sexy little girl and it makes me feel bad because it feels good to me to hear but I don't tell him, I just stand there and let him touch me. 

For awhile rubbing my boobs was enough. Sometimes he would want to kiss me but I would ask him if it was okay if I didn't because I was shy, but I said I would do it if I had to because I didn't want to lose my job. And he would say that it was okay I wouldn't lose my job because I had at least let him see my boobies. 

Then he started wanting more and told me that I couldn't wear my bra to work anymore. Then when he called me into his office and I lifted my shirt he could see my boobies for real and I could tell that he liked it because he got all flushed. 

Then he would rub them but it would feel different because his hands could rub my nipples too now and I felt guilty because it would feel so good how my soft nipples rubbed against the palms of his hands. It made me feel so funny and tingly but i would always hide it and not show how funny I felt because I didn't want him to go any farther. 

I felt so bad for all of it and he told me that it was my fault because I looked so sexy in my little skirts and with my boobies showing through my work shirts and I told him that I was sorry while he rubbed me. 

Then a few weeks ago he asked me to come into the office like usual and when I came in and stood in front of him he asked me to lift my shirt up. So I lifted my shirt up but he put his hands on my little bare waist and pulled me a lot closer to him sitting in his desk chair.

At first I didn't understand what was going on but then he leaned his face in and gave one of my nipples a little kiss. I had never been kissed on my nipples before and the tingling in my head got super strong and I kind of breathed in a funny way while I watched him do it because his lips were so soft and wet on my nipple. 

He must've heard me breathe funny because he asked me if I liked it while his hand rubbed my bare tummy. I told him that I didn't know so he said that he was going to do it again to see. His hands held onto my hips so that I couldn't move away and he leaned in and kissed my nipple again, real slow, but then he kissed it again and again all sloppy and gentle and I wanted him to stop but it was making me feel so funny kind of in a good way and my little pussy was starting to feel funny too between my legs.

He kind of tested me by pulling his mouth away again and I kind of lost my balance and he laughed because I guess I was trying to lean closer to his mouth with my boobies because I wanted more, but I didn't know that I was until I almost fell.

I was really embarrassed and he told me to pull my shirt back down and get back to work because I was acting like a dirty little slut, because only dirty little sluts liked stuff like that. I said okay and pulled my shirt back down without looking at him and left feeling really embarrassed. 

For a whole week he didn't talk to me or ask me to come to his office and I started feeling bad that I did something wrong but also started wanting to figure out how to get his attention because I wanted him to kiss my boobies again. I knew that it probably made me a little slut but I really liked it and it felt so good. 

Then on Monday he was walking back to his office and said 'Janie, I need to see you' and my heart beat so fast with excitement and I walked really quickly to the door where he was waiting and walked past him into the office so he could close the door behind me. I still didn't wear bras to work because I wanted him to know I was still a good employee who still did what he asked and wanted to make my boss happy. 

He sat down at his desk and told me to come here. I walked over to stand in front of him and said 'I'm sorry for being a little slut' and he said 'it's okay but you have to give little sluts like what they deserve'. Then he put his hands on my hips and pulled me towards him but redirected to me to sit on his desk instead of stand in front of him. 

So I sat on his desk with my little feet hanging down and he pulled my legs apart so that my little skirt rode up my hips and my panties showed. He looked down at my panties and then moved between my legs and pulled my shirt up without asking me. He looked down at my boobies and wet two of his fingers in his mouth and ran them around in wet little circles on my nipple.

I tried to not act like a dirty little girl and show that I liked it so I kept my face normal but it felt so good and it made my pussy feel so good too even though he wasn't touching it. I didn't know why because my pussy never felt this way.

Then he pushed me back on the desk so that I was halfway laying down, propping myself up on my elbows with my shirt shoved up around my neck and he leaned over me and took one of my nipples into his mouth and started licking it and sucking it soooo good, better than anything I had felt before, and one of his hands was on my thigh was rubbing my skin and it felt so nice.

He gave my nipples such nice little kisses and sucks and licks, I started moaning softly because I couldn't hide my slutiness anymore. He told me that I was a really bad girl for turning him on so much and I kept mumbling that I was sorry and I would try to be better while he licked me but I felt so distracted and my little pussy was getting so wet against my panties. It made me want to move my hips in circles but I tried to stay still and keep propping myself up so his mouth could reach me. 

He gave my nipples such sloppy kisses while his fingers rubbed my thighs. My legs spread open wider for him because I wanted his fingers to go higher but he would only rub the inside of my thigh and my knees even though my panties were showing.

Then after a few minutes he pulled away and told me to fix my hair and clothes. I slid off of the desk feeling light headed and my face was really red. I stood next to him while he watched me cover my boobs and rearrange my shirt while looking down at the floor, and I started to leave but he pulled me back close to his chest with his arm and asked me if he could have a little kiss like he always asked for and this time I stood up on my tippy-toes and put my hands on his arms to steady myself and gave him a soft little kiss on his lips because my boss was such a good boss and made me feel so good. 

He groaned a little bit and put his hands on my hips, feeling the skin, to hold me close to him so that he could kiss me again and he slide his tongue into my mouth for a second, so I kissed his tongue real nice too. Then he let me leave. 

I was off work for two days and I thought about my boss the entire time. My pussy got all wet and tight whenever I thought about him and my clit got so swollen. I wanted him to kiss my pussy the way that he kissed my nipples and lick my juices up, there would be so much to lick and taste he would like it. 

My parents asked me what was wrong because my face was red and I wasn't speaking much for the entire weekend and I told them that I was fine. My mom took my temperature at one point but I didn't have a fever and it confused her but then they left me alone.

I didn't do any of my homework, I was so distracted. I knew that it was bad of me to like an older man touching me. Especially because he didn't ask me if it was okay, but I had gotten so used to it and now I didn't mind. I just wondered if he would ignore me again for a week.

Then before work the next day I got a text from him that said 'You're not allowed to wear panties to work anymore. If you want to keep your job then you'll do what I tell you to do. Then maybe your boss will give you a nice present for behaving and doing what you're told.' 

I felt worried and nervous because I didn't want people to see my pussy, I had been taught to be modest as a person growing up and not show my body to people. But I didn't want to lose my job so I texted him back that I would do whatever he asked me to do. 

When I got up in the morning I felt so bad and dirty walking down the stairs without my bra and panties. My nipples were hard underneath my shirt and I could feel the air hitting my pussy underneath my skirt. I had tried bending over in front of the mirror and if someone was watching, they could see all of my cunny poking out so I would have to try very hard not to pick anything up. 

My asscheeks also showed if my skirt swayed too much in the wrong way.

When I got to work I moved really slow but I could feel my boss watching me and whatever I did. I couldn't tell if he could see anything but I felt embarrassed. Then at one point he asked me if I could help him get something down from one of the shelves in the back so I followed him back there and he showed me that there was a ladder that I had to climb up on.

'But you'll be able to see up my skirt,' I said in a worried voice. 'No one's ever seen my pussy before.' But he told me to do it and that he didn't care so I climbed the ladder really slowly, trying to reach the box without getting too high but it was too far away so I had to keep climbing. 

Every time I lifted one of my knees my whole pussy was exposed to him as my legs spread apart trying to climb. I climbed all the way to the top and got the box and turned around to ask him if he could catch it but his face was so flushed and excited and he was staring up my skirt in such a hungry way. 

Then he said that he could catch the box when I asked him but he set it down quickly and watched my pussy again, not caring about anything else, while I tried to come back down the ladder. When I got to the bottom of the ladder and climbed off of it he stopped me from walking away.

I didn't know why but then he made me stand there while he lifted up the front of my skirt up and looked at the pout of my pussy lips that were totally exposed. Not touching it, just staring at it and telling me how much he wanted to touch it and how pretty it was, that I was such a sexy little girl that needed to have someone make me feel good in such slutty ways because that's how I liked it.

I just watched him letting his words make me breathe heavy and let him hold up my skirt while my hands stayed at my sides. Then he looked up at my face with these eyes that were so hungry and bright and told me not to make a move or make a sound otherwise I would be in so much trouble and he would fire me, and then he put his other fingers between my legs while he held my skirt up and rubbed my pussy hole with one of his fingers. 

I stood there staring down at myself while he touched me and I felt my face growing red and I felt so hot all over my body because it felt so good for my little pussy. He moved in these fast circles on my pussy hole and then slow circles and my pussy got wet and he rubbed his fingers around in my wetness before pulling his finger out from between my legs and told me to lick it.

I couldn't look at him because I felt so dirty and bad and so I looked at his hand instead as I slowly reached out my tongue and tried to lick my wetness off as best I could. 

'God you're such a good girl,' he told me while I licked my own juices and I shuddered a bit without knowing why. 

'You can't ever wear panties again so that your boss can touch you whenever he wants and see your little pussy whenever he wants to because you're little body is so sexy I want to look at it all the time,' he told me and I nodded obediently.

'Now give your boss another kiss,' he said and I raised myself up on my toes again to kiss him while his hands moved behind my skirt and cupped my bare ass checks, feeling the skin and he groaned into my mouth because I was kissing him nice and good how he liked it, kissing his lips and then kissing his tongue. 

My hands rested on his chest while his arms encircled me and then he let me go and walk away to get back to work while some of my wetness dripped down my leg.

to be continued