 Kitty lay between two men - the love of her life Tom on one side, and Don her new acquaintance on the other. The two men slept soundly, softly breathing in a rhythmic pattern, albeit each to their own syncopation. The room smelled faintly of sex and tropical flowers. She would remember that potent combination of scents - when she remembered last night - and she would always remember last night. 

The woman didn't want to move in the bed - to disturb the two men, especially as it was still quite early in the morning and none of the three had much sleep. Kitty hadn't slept more than an hour or so, her adrenaline was still pumping, her body was tingling from sexual stimulation and satisfaction - she was tired but didn't want to relinquish her thoughts to sleep. 

Tom's long-time lover had learned new things about him last evening. Kitty had believed their forty year relationship held no secrets; Kitty loved and trusted Tom, so she was not so much repulsed as shocked that he had a male lover and yet had never confided that relationship to her before. 

She had always been curious about male sexual encounters - both the physical and emotional aspects. However, she did not find the thought of the male-on-male sex act off-putting. Kitty had known gay man in both her personal and professional life and had found their friendships with her to have been just as sincere as any girlfriends she might have - maybe more honest in some instances. Several of these men, and women, had been in long time, committed relationships. She did not view those types of relationships with prurient interest, but rather viewed them as sexually-satisfying-couplings as old as history - Greek history as an example, or perhaps even older. 

The woman continued to lay nude, on her back, legs slightly akimbo with a sheet pulled over her, just covering her breasts, as she stared up at the ceiling and wondered how this glorious get-away weekend has suddenly taken a dramatic, unexpected turn. 

After the couple's arrival on Cayman, Tom had been unnerved to be confronted with a past lover. Furthermore, he had realized that a homo-erotic relationship that he had only very occasionally considered in the many years he had been with Kitty, was suddenly a very real presence on their island get-away. Tom had become quite drunk as he considered the possibility of a face-to-face reunion with a once important sexual partner from his past. The other painful reality for Tom was how his past relationship with Don might affect his relationship with Kitty. 

Kitty had not been unhinged about Tom's desire to have sex with a man, but she had wondered if he might prefer that man to her, and that caused her some anxiety - did their love-making satisfy him enough? Last night had been a revelation to her: her beloved was bi-sexual, and he had known that for some time. However, his love for Kitty was very real and as deep as hers for him. The sex they shared was powerfully satisfying for both. She was reassured by both his actions and his words during the previous night's encounter with Tom's long-ago lover Don. 

Both mental and physical fatigue finally caused Kitty's mind to drift and she slipped into a light state of dream-sleep. She dreamed of Tom passed out naked on the bed when they returned from the restaurant. Watery memories of Don's sudden appearance at the restaurant as well as his assistance getting Tom back to the hotel. Gauzy flashes of skin - both male and female as well as hands stroking, caressing her body floated in and out of her dreams. She dreamily fondled her nipple and felt the slight tingle of arousal in her cunt. Kitty's memory was carried on a current of sensual feelings as she relived the previous night's sexual encounters with the two men now lying on either side of her... 

After returning to the hotel suite, Don assisted her with getting Tom settled into bed to sleep off his intoxication. Kitty had invited Don into the kitchen for a drink. She was curious about this man who had a very intimate history with her lover. 

Kitty poured bourbon for Don and surreptitiously evaluated him as he sipped his drink. He seemed fit, well-tanned from living in the tropics. He was about twenty years older than Tom. He was bald with a smooth face and deep set eyes, but she couldn't easily determine their color. His clothes were casual island attire, but well fitting; this man had the financial where-with-all to live comfortably on an island paradise. She couldn't say he was handsome, like her man, but he was attractive and wore himself with confidence. There was no wedding ring, nor was there a tan line from one recently removed. She wanted to know more about him - all about him - what had attracted her lover and this man? Slowly she pulled the information out of Don: 

How did you meet? When, where? What attracted you to each other? What was going on in your life? 

Kitty worked up the courage to ask this stranger: Are you gay, bi or just trolling for an occasional adventure on the seamier, risker side of a sexual encounter? She had so many questions - so many blanks to fill in, and until tonight she had never considered any of them relevant to her life with Tom. Now she wanted, needed more information, but couldn't ask Tom who was passed out in the other room. 

Perhaps it was better to gain the information from his past lover, so she could digest it more slowly before talking with Tom. Seeing this relationship from the perspective of each man would help her to understand. 

"First, let's get something straight, we weren't lovers! There was an intimacy, even a comfortable caring for Tom, because I liked him, he liked me - it was physical lust and the desire for what it feels like to be with another man. The sensations are very different than sex with a woman." Don stopped to consider how to phrase his words carefully for this woman who had just realized a new aspect of the man she had cared for deeply during a long relationship. "I was married, had kids and for all outside appearances seemed quite happy - the all American guy. There was nothing wrong with my marriage, I liked sex with my wife, but I had this other sexual desire, almost an aching need to be with a man. Suck a cock. Stick my cock into the tight ass of another man." 

Don saw Kitty's mouth drop open in shock at his words, but she didn't turn away or interrupt. She did however take a big gulp of her bourbon and then reached for the bottle to fill the glass again. He viewed her reaction and felt sorry for her; it was an emotional ride she'd had no preparation for. Don extended his right hand holding the glass, silently wanting another hit of the booze, but used his other hand to rub her arm reassuringly. She responded with a watery smile, looking slightly embarrassed. 

"Sorry, but you asked. You have to understand the desire for sex with a guy. In my case, almost any guy, several guys sometimes. But Tom, Tom was different. I picked him up in a laundromat; he was innocently washing his tidy-whiteys and I was trolling for some attractive flesh. He had never been with a man before." Don continued to gently stroke Kitty's arm as he told her of their first meeting. 

"I chatted him up a bit and invited him back to my house for a drink. My family was away." It wasn't necessary to go into any further detail. But he did. Don described their encounter with just enough detail to paint the intimate tableau for Kitty. 

Kitty was at once fascinated and shocked. It wasn't the description of the physical act of sex between the two men that disturbed her; it was that she had never suspected Tom was gay. He was the consummate lover. Why would he want to make love to her, and for so many years? Was his relationship with her just a sham, a cover-up for the rest of the world? Had Tom used Kitty all these years to present a public face, when the private man was someone quite different? 

In the many years Tom and Kitty had shared their lives together, made love passionately as a couple, he had always satisfied her completely. She wondered now if she had satisfied him as completely, or was he simply settling for climatic lust with her when he really wanted and needed the complete orgasmic release of sex with a man for sexual fulfillment. Tom always caressed and aroused Kitty with slow and rhythmic stimulation bringing her to orgasmic pleasures - whether with his hand, his tongue, or his cock. He seemed to enjoy sex with her - but now she was confused, scared... and more than a little drunk which blurred her thinking about these revelations. 

Don sitting on a stool at the breakfast bar, noticed as he spoke that the woman was getting tipsy, unsteady on her feet weaving a bit as she continued to stand in the kitchen facing him. She grabbed the countertop to steady herself. He moved swiftly toward Kitty and guided her toward the living room sofa. He settled her into the seat-cushions and went back to the kitchen for some water for the woman. When he returned a few minutes later, she was curled-up on the sofa, passed out from too much booze and the overwhelming stress of the conversation. He considered Kitty for a moment then set the glass of water down on the coffee table. Two drunks passed out! 

Don had not expected the evening to progress the way it had... he had certainly been surprised, and pleased, when he recognized Tom at the airport. But there hadn't been any intention of resurrecting the good old times when he'd realized that his long ago sex partner was accompanied by a woman. Now he was at a loss. He also was slightly intoxicated, but not falling down, passed-out drunk. However, he had really wanted to talk with Tom, for old time's sake, if nothing more. 

Don left the woman asleep of the sofa and went into the bathroom for a pee. He gave himself a-once-over glance in the mirror and impulsively stripped off his clothes. He climbed into the large bed, on the opposite side from where Tom was sleeping, also nude under the covers. Don was tired; it had been a stressful few hours. He dozed off. 

There was a slight rocking motion on the bed pulling Tom out of his liquor-induced sleep just sufficiently enough to recognize through the darkness in the room that someone was coming into the bed - Kitty, he assumed - slipping under the covers almost within arm's reach. He needed and wanted her. It had been a night of emotional turmoil for both of them and he wanted to hold her, cuddle Kitty up against his body. Tom slid his hand across the bed, under the sheet and felt his fingertips connect with warm skin. He softly caressed the shoulder and ran his fingertips along the spine. Tom was strongly physically drawn to the woman he shared a lifetime of loving together. He was responding to many years of sensual touching and their intimacy - but he was still groggy from booze induced sleep. 

His hand traced over the warm flesh, up and under and around to the nipple and then down over the belly... 

Don awoke to the touch of a caressing hand moving slowly over his body - it was certainly unexpected, but it was also immediately sexually arousing. His cock immediately began to respond and grow stiff. 

Tom kept his eyes closed, enjoying the familiarity of touching this lover's body, which was beginning to respond and roll toward him under the sheets. He reached forward to put his hand out to reach for Kitty's cunt and to place his fingers on her clit, when he brushed against a warm stiff cock quivering slightly at the stroking. 

Tom was suddenly wide awake and completely sober. There was a residual memory of the touch of skin - and pubic hair. Tom's eyes flew open to assess why his mind was receiving conflicting memory stimulation. 

Don rolled onto his back and simultaneously reached for Tom's hand placing it firmly on his now very hard cock. It grew harder with the grasp of the other man's fingers. Don moaned with the stimulation, and need. 

For Tom's part, he was very confused - the familiarity of Don's body, long buried in his memory and its pleasurable sexual response aroused him as well. His cock took longer to salute, but he was getting harder with each stroke of his hand on the other man's warm, stiff shaft. 

Don closed his eyes and slowly began to move his hips with a wanting rhythmic response to Tom's hand flexing on his cock. It was a luscious memory, long forgotten - suddenly, after all these years - he wanted Tom's body again. He reached toward Tom and threw back the sheet moving his body down in the bed to align his mouth on Tom's cock. The connection of warm, wet mouth sucking and drawing Tom's cock deep into Don's mouth was like an electric jolt for both men. 

Each man remembered the mutual, pleasurable history of being with the other - long buried in the recesses of memory - the gratification of sexual release and mind blowing satisfaction of manipulation, slow and sensually sucking and licking the other's cock. Suddenly, there was an awakened desire for active reconnection - the two men moved into each other's embrace and slowly intimately each man took a turn gratifying the other, first orally, but eventually with anal penetration. 

Tom was less practiced after all the years being with Kitty, even though they had enjoyed anal stimulation many times together. However, this was not the same sensation as with her. His mind quickly recalibrated to the sex act he most profoundly remembered as the ultimate sexual release. The tight-assed, sphincter reflex of another man driving an erect cock into his well lubed anus was mind altering. Tom recalled the pain/pleasure response; it was the ultimate orgasmic release. Don had taught him well; it was something Tom remembered especially enjoying with Don because he was so good at achieving just the right stimulation and contractions of the anus. A slow and steady pressure, building to a mind blowing orgasm from the tight muscles of the anus working on his penis. 

Tom was embarrassed that he couldn't return the same caliber of sexual gratification to Don as he was physically exhausted and most certainly out of practice, but still they both enjoyed the anal stimulation, and Tom came a second time in Don's ass. Every nerve ending on Tom's body was being strummed by Don with the sexual stimulation of anal as well as oral sex. His body responded repeatedly to the relentless taut probing of his sex partner's cock in his mouth and ass until he felt himself overwhelmed and exhausted. But he didn't want to stop... 

Kitty awoke in the living room, cold and stiff with a powerful headache coming on. It took a moment for her to orient herself to her surroundings. Slowly the previous evening's events were replayed in her memory and then she looked around confused: where was Tom? Kitty stood unsteadily and looked around the hotel suite - remembering Don's conversation with her. 

She started slowly toward the bedroom, but came to an abrupt halt midway to the door when she heard moaning and words of sexual encouragement. The door had been left ajar and while it was dark in the room Kitty could see the outline of the two men on the bed - one providing oral gratification to the other. But she couldn't identify who was sucking cock and who was receiving the ecstatic pleasurable blow job. Her mind reeled with the reality of the situation. 

Kitty slipped into the bedroom without making a sound and stood with her back pressed hard against the wall forcing herself to stand and watch the man she loved make love to another man. 

Don sensed Kitty was in the bedroom, but evidently Tom did not. However, he did not stop fondling Tom's balls, nor did he stop dragging his sex partner's cock to the deep recesses of his throat - closing his mouth over a very aroused stiff member and sucking hard to draw him in completely. Don remembered the long forgotten pleasure of the pure carnal lust he had for this man, and how he had worked hard to take Tom to new heights of sexual gratification when they were together. Don had missed this lover's body and he was reveling in the responses he was getting from Tom after all these years. Neither man had forgotten the other's uniquely satisfying techniques. 

The explosion of cum into Don's mouth was almost audible. He verbalized a moan of enjoyment while he licked and lapped Tom's cock to prolong the tactile feel of his tongue against the soft skin. Tom was euphoric with the sensation of the feel of the other man's tongue on his cock - he didn't want it to stop. 

Kitty had tears at the corners of her eyes, but it wasn't from disappointment or hurt at the sight of her lover enjoying a sexual encounter with another sex partner. Rather, she saw the extreme pleasure each man had derived from the other's sexual advances - each man knew how to satisfy the other man completely. Kitty realized that she could never take Tom to that level of extreme sexual satisfaction. 

After a fully satisfying orgasmic reunion with a partner never completely forgotten through the years, both men were satiated and mind-numbingly exhausted. Don grabbed Tom's face and turned it toward him placing a kiss - with deep probing tongue - on him and then fell back on the mattress, splaying out flat on his back trying to catch a breath and recover his equilibrium from the totally delicious sexual reunion. 

Don hadn't forgotten that Kitty was watching them, but he wasn't about to stop having Tom because of her sensibilities. Inhaling hard to catch his breath, he languidly waved a hand toward the door and motioned the woman toward the rumpled bed which now was damp with sweat and semen. 

Kitty didn't move. She had watched the two men's sexual reunion in fascination and fear. She was confused and scared - she could never envision making Tom as sexually satisfied as he had clearly been with his male lover. Don waved his hand again encouraging her toward the bed. "Come over here," he croaked hoarsely. He made no attempt to cover his flaccid penis which was as spent as he. 

Tom suddenly realized that Don was speaking, but not to him, and raised his head to see what had caught the other man's attention. His heart tripped over by a beat when he realized Kitty was standing by the door. Her eyes were wide with raw emotion - but he couldn't discern whether it was shock or pain. He sat up and started to move toward Kitty, but Don pushed him back. "Kitty, come here, come to Tom. He wants you, needs you - now!" 

The couple, the man and woman both responded to the command instruction. Kitty moved forward blindly, and Tom leaned forward and extended his arm, pulling her into a tight hug. As physically exhausted as he was, he rallied his strength to hold the woman he loved and caressed and held her tight to him. 

Kitty responded to Tom's touch, but tentatively at first. She assumed that after witnessing only a brief portion of the sex between the two men that neither would have strength left for anything more. Tom held her close to his body, which was still damp with sweat and smelled of sex, but he wouldn't let Kitty pull away. He loved this woman and he was afraid her hurt would tear them apart. 

Don watched the couple for a moment while he considered his options: retreat discreetly from the bed, or allow Kitty to experience new sensations for her pleasure - two men! 

Tom was brought back to reality abruptly - Kitty was enveloped in his arms, but rigid, non-responsive to his stroking reassuring touch. He couldn't decide if she was repulsed or just shocked to have witnessed gay sex for the first time. Tom struggled to reassure her with murmurs of encouragement - but she was unresponsive to his ministrations. 

The luxurious afterglow of the two men's passionate sexual gratification wore away more quickly than either man would have wanted after so many years apart, but Don took the lead. 

He inched toward the couple on the bed, as Tom gave the man a nod as if silently trying to say 'thanks' but without breaking the mood in the room. Don reached out for Kitty and, not forcefully but determinedly, took the woman by the shoulders pulling Kitty away from Tom laying her down on the bed between them. She didn't fight his advances but rather acquiesced to the physical command. Kitty was exhausted and wanted the mental escape of sleep. 
