 The executive jet tipped a wing as it turned over the azure-blue waters and pointed the nose of the aircraft toward the runway at the far end of Grand Cayman Island. The sumptuously appointed interior of the plane had comfortable leather seats which enveloped the passengers as they buckled in for landing at Owen Roberts International Airport. As the A-frame roof of the terminal came into view Tom reached over to hold Kitty's hand and smiled to himself as she stared out the portal like a kid in a candy store. She was so excited to be arriving on the beautiful island with the love of her life. Tom was excited for this dream vacation as well. Just the two of them quietly enjoying a few days of wonderfully indulgent luxury, and of course fabulous, toe-curling sex. This was to be a weekend together away from their respective hectic careers that too often kept them apart, for relaxation, fun and sex; lots of erotic, fantastic, orgasmic pleasures planned by each of the lovers for their respective mate.

Kitty was excited by the possibilities for the weekend, but Tom had kept the arrangements a secret from her. She had known they were going to Cayman, an exotic, island paradise she had always wanted to visit, but Tom had made all the arrangements: chartering the private jet, booking a luxurious suite at the Ritz Carlton on Seven Mile Beach. Even though she didn't known the specifics of their weekend adventure Kitty had prepared for the occasion, in her weekender she had packed her lacy black, sexiest lingerie as well as an assortment of the couple's favorite sex toys - for spontaneous sexual delights. Not kinky, just very erotically stimulating for multiple orgasmic pleasures during their weekend. 

Tom was enjoying Kitty's excitement. It was contagious. She was bubbling with enthusiasm and he wasn't sure how much of that was attributable to the bubbles in the champagne that she had been sipping, since the plane took off an hour earlier from MIA.

The jet slipped effortlessly out of the clouds and down the runway. After taxiing toward the executive hanger they deplaned and walked through to the brief, courteous Customs/Immigration Processing terminal. Tom moved through the terminal just ahead of Kitty and entered the glass-enclosed Customs area where he could see and be seen quite clearly. He had never been to Cayman before and looked around somewhat hesitantly, unsure where he was to go next in the deplaning process. At one point he slowed and turned to look through the terminal to see where their luggage had gone and in that moment he had a flash of memory that quite surprised him as it was from his distant past. He couldn't imagine why that particular thought had popped into his mind. He shook his head and brought his attention back to the immigration paperwork processing at hand.

Kitty moved through the Custom's line just ahead of Tom, as he had directed her with his hand in the small of her back. They were quickly processed through the formality and headed out to the curb where the luggage was being stowed in the boot of the hotel limousine waiting at the curb. The driver, dressed in traditional black Bermuda shorts and neat white shirt, held the door open for the couple as they approached.

Kitty climbed into the car wearing a snug fitting very short black linen skirt which rode up on her thigh as she settled her ass onto the back seat. She pulled her long, shapely legs together into the car revealing a well-toned thigh with just a suggestion of red lace panties under the skirt. Her strappy heeled sandals clicked together, like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, as the driver closed the car door after her. Tom walked around and climbed into the car from the opposite side. The Ritz Carlton hotel's elegant logo was displayed on each side of the limo identifying where these guests were to be delivered. The engine purred quietly as the car slipped away from the curb toward the resort.

Standing in the lee of the arriving passenger's porte cochere, the man watched the couple depart in the hotel limo. He would have recognized Tom anywhere, but he had never imagined that he would see him again, certainly not on Grand Cayman Island, nor especially arriving with a woman. It was a sudden, very interesting surprise for the man observing the couple - full of memories of a time so many years ago. 

The older, ruggedly fit man wore reflective ray-bans everywhere he went, so his flinty blue eyes were hidden most of the time. He was dressed in the customary island garb of shorts and an open neck polo shirt, but even a casual observer would recognize the expensive quality of the clothes. The wide brimmed Panama hat protected his bald head from sunburn; the Montecristi was his trademark and he was recognized throughout the island community everywhere he went on the island because of it.

The expat from the States had taken up non-resident status on the British Commonwealth Island after walking away from his life in Philadelphia. A widower, he had made his mark in the business world and retired comfortably to the Islands a dozen years earlier. Not much was known about his personal life. The locals respected his privacy and they didn't make inquiries about him to the house staff or chauffer. He lived alone on the west side of the island and was well known to the Caymanians because he went out of his way to treat everyone with genuine warmth and friendship. A liberal dose of respect, as well a discreet token of appreciation for various services rendered, gave him assistance and information whenever he needed it. 

So he strolled over to the tourist immigration desk and greeted the officer warmly, extending his hand to shake with a couple of Caymanian dollars discreetly folded into it. He inquired about the couple who had just arrived, explaining he thought he recognized the man from his days back in the States. He gathered the information he needed, wished the immigration officer a pleasant day and moved off toward the parking area. 

Staring through the window of the limo, Kitty was engrossed in the hustle and bustle of the streets filled with a mix of colorfully dressed tourists, some of them quite sunburned, and native Caymanians, some of whom had bright red-hair and lots of freckles. It was a hereditary characteristic of the island's native population, some folks believing that it was a trait passed down through many generations after a red-haired Scotsman had visited the islands and stayed to live out his remaining days among the local populous.

Tom relished Kitty's excitement, and while he gave an 'interested tourist' look at the world outside the limo, he was also slyly watching the woman he adored as she gazed at the passing sights and marveled at all the color and excitement of all she beheld. "Let's go shopping there - can we rent bikes and travel around the island tomorrow - I want to see the turtle farm too..." Her mind was travelling faster than her mouth. Oh those luscious lips. He craved those lips and wanted his tongue between those lips - he wanted to devour her with lust and love.

"We can do whatever you want my sweet Kitty, this is our vacation and I want you to have anything - everything - that will make you happy." Tom was holding Kitty's hand and rhythmically running his thumb in little circles on the back of her hand between her thumb and index finger - a pulse point that seemed to stimulate her responses. She looked adoringly into Tom's eyes and reached for the back of his neck pulling him toward her, Kitty gave him a long deep kiss extending her tongue far to the back of his throat. She flicked the tip of her tongue on the roof of his mouth in a seductive manner. She whispered almost breathlessly as she sat up in the seat, "Thank you, my handsome, sexy guy," she said with a seductive smile containing a provocative hint of wonderful things to come. She slowly slid her hand between his legs and moved her fingers rhythmically over the front of Tom's slacks, playing with the zipper as his rapidly growing bulge pushed against her fingers. Tom squeezed his legs together holding her fingers captive as she stroked his shaft from the outside of his pants. They were both very horny and couldn't wait to get to the privacy of their suite at the hotel.

The driver turned the limousine off the main roadway into the driveway approaching the hotel. The route was guarded by stately palm trees all the way to the doorman's podium. The limo rolled to a quiet stop at the hotel entrance with its sliding glass doors leading into the lobby. It had only taken a few minutes for the drive from the airport to the hotel; Tom was impressed with the swift and efficient handling of the guests and the warm greeting from the staff as they were escorted through the lobby to the reception desk for registration. Kitty glanced around the open and airy lobby area while she waited for Tom to register; she spied several shops catering to any and all guest wants and desires: bathing suits, beach attire and tropical evening wear, in addition to the usual kitschy postcards, trinkets and suntan lotion. 

Several of the barely-there bikinis in one shop window caught her eye. She'd come back to shop after they had settled into the suite. Kitty hadn't packed a bathing suit since she had wanted something new and special for Tom on this trip.

Guided by the bellman with their luggage, Kitty and Tom followed through the lobby and along a lush tropical walkway filled with fragrantly scented flowers. Kitty's strappy high-heeled sandals clicked along the tiled floor as she took in all the exotic sights and smells. She was thrilled to be staying with Tom in the luxuriously appointed hotel. 

The couple had been upgraded to a secluded villa on the perimeter of the hotel grounds. As previously requested, Tom had booked a suite with a private pool and the villa was equipped with every luxury a guest might hope for including a well-stocked bar and kitchenette.

The private villa was tucked among a vast assortment of tropical flowering shrubs and flowers. The flowers perfumed the suite with spicy, seductive scents which reminded Tom of one of the fragrances 

Kitty occasionally wore for him on special occasions. The reminder aroused him as he remembered some of those previous times - special times - together. It spoke to the depth of the affection Kitty and Tom had for each other and how much each one enjoyed making their partner happy, satisfied always in new and creative ways. Their lovemaking was always ready for new, sensual experiences. Tom hoped that this trip would be one of those wonderful sexy encounters filled with spontaneity and sexual pleasure for both of them. He wanted to focus all his sexual energies and desires on the woman he adored - Tom wanted to bring Kitty to new heights of sexual pleasure - because when she was sexually gratified it brought him to new levels of orgasmic pleasure as well. Tom had lots of pleasurable fantasies planned for this weekend. 

As they waited at the doorway for the bellman to open the suite for them, Tom looked down at Kitty's cute nose, her luscious lips as she held her head tilted back and tipped to the side. She looked at him with an unspoken desire - a mix of lust and love. He gave the tip of that cute nose a chaste kiss and they walked into the beautiful suite. Tom thanked the bellman with a tip and quickly closed the door behind him. Kitty had gone to stand near the edge of the pool luxuriating in the tropical colors and sounds of the birds nearby, she hadn't heard Tom approach her from behind. He folded his arms around her body pulling her into him. He gazed at her neck and lowered his mouth until his lips brushed against the spot where he could see her heartbeat pounding beneath the skin. His one hand stroked the back of her neck as the other slipped down to her freshly waxed lady parts. Tom stood holding Kitty against his hard cock; he gently caressed her beautiful, desirable ass placing his hand on one of her lovely well-rounded buns outlined against her tight short skirt. She didn't move but leaned back into his shoulder and allowed him to caress her fanny and run his fingers down from the skirt, along the back of her thigh up and under the crotch of her panties which allowed just enough maneuvering room to slide a finger along her cunt. Kitty was already wet from Tom's touch as well as the excitement of the possibilities of making love in such sumptuous surroundings. She was so excited it wouldn't take much for her to come... when the door-bell rang.

Tom was annoyed at the intrusion; he was enjoying intimately touching his lover and could feel Kitty's body respond to his massaging of her clit while he breathed arousing encouragement into the shell of her ear. Reluctantly he whispered, "don't come without me, I'll be right back," and gave her an extra rub along her clit.

The bellman was almost hidden from view as Tom opened the door to a huge arrangement of flowers that was worth a small fortune based upon size alone. The man delivered the floral piece to the sitting area. Tom's assumption was that it was a welcoming gift from the hotel management. He was still rather annoyed with the interruption and quickly handed a tip to the deliveryman encouraging him on his way with a perfunctory 'thanks.' He didn't investigate the gift card. 

Kitty's sexy, purring voice was inviting him back onto the patio and he forgot about the flowers as he looked toward his lover seeing her standing nude at the pool edge as she slipped quietly into the sparkling blue water. She had slipped out of her clothes and was bent over to display for Tom her smooth bare ass as she pushed off from the pool's edge and slid seductively into the water with the grace of a water nymph.

Tom felt his cock stir and he immediately forgot about the interruption and headed to the bar where a stocked refrigerator held several chilled bottles of champagne, as he had requested when booking the reservation. 

Tom returned to the patio a few minutes later, holding two stem glasses filled with bubbly. He had stripped naked. Kitty was floating on her back in the water with only her two beautiful breasts and smoothly waxed mound visible above the lapping waterline. Tom's cock began to grow with anticipation and desire.

He took the pool-steps carefully not wanting to spill any champagne and waded slowly toward the woman he adored. He placed a kiss, with a little tickly tongue, carefully on a nipple as he lightly touched the stem of a glass on her belly. 

Kitty had sensed Tom was close from the slight movement of the water lapping against her body. So his lips on her sensitive, puckered nip didn't surprise her. She rolled onto her side and dropped her feet onto the bottom of the pool, placing her body up close against Tom and rubbed her mound on his stiff shaft. 

Her hands were free; his still held the two glasses, so she took advantage and began to caress his cock and cup his balls rhythmically, sensually. He responded to her. The water added a gentle, warm feeling to the tactile sensations Kitty was offering. He grew harder.

Tom thought he needed to set the glasses down or he might drop them - which could be dangerous. But he didn't want to break away from the pleasurable sensations the tips of Kitty's fingers were offering. Suddenly she took a deep breath dropped under the water. Her mouth went around Tom's cock and she began to run her tongue around it and suck.

Tom's mind was a blur of sensations. Somehow he turned his torso enough to very shakily put the glasses on the rim of the pool and then with his hands free to caress his lover he swept Kitty into his arms and laid her out on the partially submerged pool steps where he could access her body and run his hands all over the woman he adored. Kitty responded to his touch and the warm water lapped around her gently bringing heightened awareness and sensitivity to her most intimate places. 

Tom parted her pussy lips with his fingers while keeping his thumb pressed against her clit - which was rising to the occasion. He nipped at her neck and then slowly started sucking and running his tongue along her neck while probing the lips of her moist, smooth pussy with his other hand. Kitty reached up and put her hands around Tom's neck and then hooked one of her legs behind his calf and whispered in his ear, "Fuck me now... long, hard and deep."

He bent to use his tongue on Kitty's clit and he fingered her to a frantic state of arousal. She climaxed much sooner than she had wanted. Kitty intensely enjoyed that rising pressure as her body climbed toward ultimate release and she had wanted to delay it as long as physically possible to prolong that glorious feeling when it finally came.

Tom was already so horny that the pressure building in his shaft wouldn't wait. He moved somewhat more slowly in the water as it was a drag against any quick movements, but he placed his cock deep into 

Kitty's cunt moments before his orgasm exploded inside his lover. He had never experienced underwater sex before and decided in that glorious moment that the experience was well worth repeating. And they would repeat it during this weekend getaway.

The two lovers were entwined, caressing and stroking each other in the warm afterglow of a very pleasurable sexual encounter. 'Welcome to Cayman, Kitty!' Tom nibbled on her neck and licked her chin with renewed passion as he gently balanced her on the steps and reached for one of the champagne stems and handed it to her. She smiled warmly at Tom and luxuriated in his embrace. 

"Thanks, Sexy! That was a lovely way to christen this adventure - pool sex! I love it! I'm addicted! Let's do it again!" Kitty started to giggle.

Tom moved his hands over Kitty's body, slowly seductively touching every part of her, pausing to rub his thumbs over her nipples causing an aroused puckered response and Kitty leaned into the touch arching her back offering Tom her breasts and he obliged taking one in his mouth and sucking, running his tongue across the puckered areola, while fingering the other nipple.

"Let's get dressed and find someplace to eat. I'm starved and I think I'm going to need fuel to keep up with you this weekend." Tom smiled at Kitty imagining the 'sex-capades' to come. 

Kitty had showered and dressed quickly in a floral wrapped sun-dress that accentuated cleavage and revealed there was no bra supporting her ample breasts. Her body was pale, but a day in the tropical sun would bronze her skin in all the exposed places. Kitty wanted to sunbathe nude, but when and where would have to be determined; there might not be enough sunlight on their private pool to accommodate.

As she idly roamed the suite and evaluated the high-end décor, considering what she liked and didn't, 

Kitty's eye fell on the opulent floral arrangement. It was filled with Bird of Paradise, Hibiscus and other flowers she didn't recognize - it was lovely in the extreme. As did Tom, Kitty assumed it was a gift from the management, when she noted the card attached to a plastic stick she wasn't much interested in it. 

She pulled the envelope open and gave it a quick glance, murmuring to herself: 'odd,' but didn't give it much further thought. The card was still in her hand when Tom walked into the sitting area dressed in khaki slacks and a linen shirt. He smelled of sandalwood soap and looked refreshed and relaxed.

"Hey, handsome got a date tonight, or could I jump your bones?" Kitty reached out and seductively ran her hand down Tom's arm and playfully fingered the zipper on his slacks.

Tom wrapped his arms around his lover and pulled her into his embrace and buried his face between her breasts. He inhaled deeply and was immediately aroused by Kitty's intimate, musky female scent. 

The two lovers knew that if they didn't stop they would soon be rolling on the floor in flagrante delicto - which would be wonderful but...
