 See "Tommy and Mrs. Harris" which sets the stage for this story.

*

Tommy and Agnes sat together on the bus. She asked him about the junior college she would be attending and the high school he attended. He told her about them and, seeing her quizzical look at him, explained he had been ill as a child and this is why he was still in high school at age eighteen. 

The bus stopped at his school first. They were soon comfortable with each other, chatting away as if they had known each other for years. Agnes smiled at him as he got up to exit the bus. She put a hand on his arm telling him. "See you tomorrow."

Tommy's sexual temperature went up a notch when he felt Agnes's hand on his arm. He swallowed nervously as he looked down at Agnes, a strained smile on his face. "Yeah. See you. Have a good one."

That night Tommy sneaked over the fence and peeped through the window of the bedroom Mrs. Harris had occupied. The new neighbor had also left it open a little for air.

Mrs. Johnson was startled to see a boy's face in the window as she began to undress. She thought she recognized him as the boy next door. She was disappointed to discover that he was a peeping Tom, but told herself that this was not unusual for young boys.

She did not want to make a fuss over it and simply walked over to the window and pulled down the blind. That should send him home, she told herself. 

It did. Disappointed, Tommy sneaked back to his house. 

The next morning Mrs. Johnson told Agnes what had happened. "Keep your blinds down and window closed, honey. We don't want to encourage him. If he keeps it up I will talk to his mother, but let's leave it for the time being."

Agnes was thrilled at the news her mother conveyed to her. She pretended to be shocked and told her mother she would certainly keep her blinds down. Inwardly she was full of joy. I knew it. I just knew Tommy was going to be fun, she told herself.

The next night Tommy sneaked over the fence again. This time he crossed the patio that separated the two wings of the house and eased his body up to the partly open window he knew had to be Agnes's bedroom. His dick began to stiffen as he watched her undress. He licked his lips in excitement. 

Agnes watched Tommy covertly in a mirror that gave her a full view of the window. She had not felt this excited since her math teacher had slobbered over her pussy the spring she turned eighteen. I hope he is more than a peeper, she told herself as she tugged her panties down her legs. Her hands ruffled her silky pubic hair as she slipped into bed. Turning off the light she lowered her eyes, pretending to sleep. Soon she saw Tommy's face disappear from view.

Tommy had a hardon the moment he saw Agnes at the bus stop the next morning. In his mind's eye he could see her naked body; silken pubic hair surrounding her nubile outer lips, red, shinning in the light of the lamp next to her bed. 

Agnes smiled at him impishly. "A penny for your thoughts." She told him.

Tommy's face reddened as he fought for something to say. "Ah. Ah." He looked around desperately, hoping something would give him an idea. He saw his neighbor's red sportscar and blurted out. "You're as pretty as a shinny sportscar, Agnes."

Agnes threw her head back and laughed, a tinkling, happy laugh full of excitement. She reached up and patted Tommy's cheek. "You're sweet, Tommy. A sportscar. Now that is a compliment."

That night Tommy again waited until he saw a light come on in Agnes's window. He slipped noiselessly over the fence and sneaked up to her window. To his dismay the blind was down and the window shut tight. He waited there for a half hour before giving up and going home. He could not understand why her window was shut and the blind down.

He found out the next morning. Agnes was in a foul mood when he saw her. She blurted out to him. "Would you believe that control freak of a mother I have? I'm nineteen years old and I should be allowed to leave my window open if I want to." She threw her arms wide dramatically, her head back. "My God. I'm going to be glad when I am making some money and can leave this house."

Tommy nodded his head sympathetically. Now I understand, he thought. He sighed, telling Agnes. "I know how you feel. My mom still tells me to be careful when I leave the house and to make sure I have my jacket if it is cold. God. I'm eighteen for cryin' ot loud. Parents are a real drag."

They sat in silence on the bus, Agnes still fuming over her mother's controlling behavior. When Tommy was about to get up at his stop, Agnes put her hand on his arm. She looked up at him, a conspiratorial look on her face. "I'll show her. I'll leave my window open just a little. She can't tell me what to do in my own room."

Tommy was so excited the rest of the day he could hardly get through his classes. He ate dinner so fast his mother asked him what was wrong with him. He bolted to his room, threw himself on his bed and masturbated. He waited impatiently for the time to go to bed.

When Agnes's window lit up, Tommy was over the fence in record time. Silently he \moved to her window and sure enough, it was open, barely enough for him to see into her room, but enough. 

Agnes's sixth sense told her Tommy was outside the window. Her tongue moving slowly over her carmine lips, she began to take off her clothes, slowly. I'll give him a show that will have him masturbating as soon as he gets home, she told herself, a smile on her face.

Tommy was in agony as he watched Agnes unbutton her blouse, her back to him. His dick stiffened in his pants when she leaned over to her left and put her blouse on a chair. He got a glimpse of her full breasts encased in a half bra that exposed the upper part of her shapely, youthful tits. His breathing became more ragged when Agnes unfastened her skirt and stepped out of it. Her bikini panties barely covered her well formed ass cheeks.

Her back still to the window, Agnes unfastened her bra and took it off, tossing it on the chair on top of her blouse. She stooped down and picked up her skirt and put it on the same chair. Slowly, her hips wriggling sinuously, she pushed her panties down over her hips and down her legs. With a quick movement of her left foot, she picked them up and tossed them to the chair that held the rest of her clothes.

A mischievous grin on her face, Agnes walked to the shower, rotating her hips she put an exaggerated wiggle to her ass as she walked into the shower.

Tommy felt an ecstatic pain as he waited for Agnes to come out of the shower. He almost groaned aloud when she came out with a towel wrapped around her body. He sighed in disappointment, but was thrilled to be able to see the tops of her attractive breasts above the towel and her thighs almost to her pussy.

He licked his lips excitedly as he stared at where her thighs met her body. He thought he could just make out her pussy lips and tufts of pubic hair. I'll have to remember to bring binoculars next time, he told himself.

Agnes knew exactly how much she was showing Tommy, having arranged the towel very carefully before she left the bathroom. She and Tommy were both startled when her bedroom door opened.

She looked up, a pained expression on her face. "Drunk again Charles? Get out of here."

The man in the doorway, Tommy guessed he was somewhere in his forties of fifties, grinned at Agnes. "Give me some pussy baby/" He told her.

Agnes shook her head in disgust. "Mother in the shower?"

Charles staggered a little in the doorway, one hand on the doorway holding him erect. He licked his lips as he stared at Agnes. "Yeah baby. But you aren't. Give me some of that beautiful pussy."

"You disgust me Charles and you have no idea what my pussy looks like. Get out of here before mother comes looking for you. Remember what happened the last time she saw you here?"

Charles licked his lips, a look of concern on his face. Then his face brightened. "She'll be a while. There's time for me to eat that beautiful pussy of yours."

Agnes smiled at Charles, taking a different tact. "I bet she'll smell good when she gets out. Her pussy will be clean and sweet tasting. You better get there now so you can ravish her when she gets out of the shower. She'll love you for it."

Charles looked at Agnes thoughtfully and then turned in the doorway. "I bet you're right, Agnes. You always were a smart girl." With that he walked unsteadily down the hall toward his bedroom. Agnes closed and locked the door and sighed. She was tired of these confrontations. She feared that one day she would do something drastic.

Tommy stole away quietly, his mind in turmoil from witnessing this little scene. That man is a real asshole, he thought. She called him Charles. I bet it is her stepfather and he thinks because there is no blood relationship it is OK to have sex with Agnes.

The next morning blow Tommy's mind away. He met Agnes, as usual, at the bus stop, greeting her as as if he had not been peeping at her the night before.

Agnes smiled at him ruefully. "What did you think of that scene last night, Tommy?"

Tommy stared at her, his mouth falling open. He swallowed, trying to think. "Ah. Well. Ah. What scene, Agnes?"

Agnes poked him in the ribs with an elbow and sighed. "Oh, Tommy. I know you have been peeping at me through my bedroom window. You got a real eyeful last night."

Tommy's face flushed. Sweet Jesus. She knows and has known. He licked his lips nervously, telling Agnes. "Ah. I'm sorry, Agnes. I ah. I'm sorry. I won't do it again."

"It's OK, Tommy. I don't mind." She smiled at him. "I kind of like it, knowing you are watching me. Do you go home and jack off after?"

Tommy blinked his eyes. This Agnes is some girl, he thought. He smiled at her, deciding to go along. "Yeah I jacked off. I pretended you let the towel drop before you got into bed and I saw your beautiful pussy."

Agnes's eyebrows arched and her eyes twinkled. "So. You think I have a beautiful pussy too?"

Tommy grinned now, feeling excited sexually by this repartee. "You are beautiful Agnes. You have to have a beautiful pussy."

Agnes threw her head back and laughed, a tinkling, joyful laugh. She reached up and patted Tommy on he cheek, then blew his mind when she told him. "OK, smarty pants. I tell you what. I'll give you a chance to see for yourself. My folks are going to the symphony and a late dinner after. They will be gone until past midnight. I'll leave the sliding door open and you can check out my pussy."

Tommy swallowed, his eyes growing larger and larger as he listened. Then a big grin creased his face. "All Right." He told her. It's a deal. My folks are doing the same thing."

Agnes smiled at him and giggled. "Good. Then you can use the front door. Just don't forget to bring a key for your front door so you can let yourself in. You won't be able to jump the fence like last night."

Tommy laughed with her, thinking that he better write himself a note to keep the key in his pants when he got home instead of emptying his pockets as he usually did. This Agnes thinks of everything. He did not know how he got through the day. His mind was on pussy, not his classes.

Tommy's dick was hard when he rang Agnes's doorbell the next evening. Agnes opened the door, grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. Before Tommy realized fully what was happening her lips were pressed to his, her tongue licking along his lips, and then slipping past them to play with his tongue.

Agnes was excited as she pressed her body to Tommy's. She liked the feel of his meat pressed into her tummy. Rotating her hips she massaged it sensually, increasing the sexual tension that they both felt. Her firm, youthful breasts, nipples hard, pressed into Tommy's chest.

Tommy's hands roamed over Agnes's body, caressing her back, her hips, her ass, then clutching at her asscheeks, pulling her even more tightly against his raging hardon. His cock was dripping into his shorts as he held her to him.

Agnes smiled to herself. He's ready to pop, she told herself. This is going to be good. I hope he knows how to eat pussy and make a woman feel good. God. He better not be a wham bam thank you mam kid who shoots off before he gets it in.

She pulled her mouth from his and took his hand, leading him to her bedroom. Pushing him into a chair, she sat on his lap and kissed him again, letting their tongues do a sexual dance that raised their sexual tension.

Tommy ran his hands over Agnes's body, fondling her breasts and thighs. With practiced moves he had Agnes's blouse off, tossing it to the vanity stool. Her bra was next, loosening her youthful, firm breasts. His mouth moved from her lips to a breast, licking and sucking it until Agnes moaned with pleasure.

"Yessss, baby. Suck and lick me. I love it." She told him, her fingers running through his hair, raking his scalp, playing lightly over his face as she held his mouth to her breasts. She sighed. Oh, she told herself, he is going to be a good lover. He is so anxious, yet tender and loving of my breasts. It feels so good. His hard cock feels so good pressed against my ass. It will feel so good to have it inside me.

Tommy was now on autopilot, replaying all the moves he had learned from Mrs. Harris. He silently thanked her for showing him how to pleasure a woman. His hand moved between Agnes's thighs, which parted for him. Slowly he rubbed his hand over her crotch, heating them both. 

He unzipped Agnes's skirt and pulled it down her legs when she lifted her ass from his lap. Tossing the skirt to the vanity stool now piled high with her garments; he ran a hand up her thighs, stopping again at her crotch. He then rubbed his hand over her mound, exciting her clit, hidden between the folds of her inner lips. His cock throbbed as he fondled her, yearning to be released.

Tommy lifted Agnes from his lap, standing her up as his hands tugged at her panties. Agnes's fingers flew as she unbuttoned his shirt, and then unfastened his trousers. She toyed with his cock as she pulled at his shorts. She stepped out of her panties when they had slid down her legs and Tommy did the same.

Agnes kissed him again lightly, and then led him to her bed. They lay themselves down and Tommy's mouth was on hers instantly. They tongue fucked several minutes, hands roaming over each other's bodies. Then Tommy dropped his head to her breasts and licked and sucked them until Agnes thought he was gong to swallow them whole. Her entire body tingled from the sensations his expert mouthing of her breasts created.

She squirmed from side to side as he licked and kissed his way downward from her swollen breasts, not missing an inch of her tender skin. When he swirled his tongue in and around her navel she lifted her hips involuntarily. His tongue licking at her navel felt as if it were in her vagina.

Tommy's hands were all over her, up and down her thighs, touching lightly her mound, toying with her hips and ass, brushing over her breasts. He wanted to feel all of her at once, not able to get enough of her as his mouth moved downward, slowly, inexorably toward her parted thighs.

Agnes wanted to grab his head and pull his mouth to her anxious pussy, but refrained, enjoying the agony his slow moving tongue and mouth were creating. Little good bumps rose and fell over her body as his mouth and tongue licked and kissed the tender flesh of her inner thighs.

Tommy eyed Agnes's pussy as he paid homage to her sexual thighs, so warm, so smooth, so full of life. His fingers ran over her legs, up and down inside and outside as he kissed and licked at her. Her pussy is beautiful, he mused; red, full of her hot blood, the outer lips swollen with her engorged sexuality, little drops of precum juice dappled the lips, waiting for him to lick them away.

Agnes's head moved from side to side and it was all she could do to keep from moaning aloud as Tommy's hot breath fanned her pussy when he moved his head from one thigh to the other. She clenched her hands and felt as if she were going to cum just from what Tommy was doing. She licked her lips, knowing she was going to have the best orgasm of her life and also certain that Tommy was not gong to stop with just one.

Tommy grabbed a pillow and tucked it under Agnes's ass as he licked his lips one more time before moving his mouth to Agnes's puffed-up outer lips. He kissed them gently, letting his tongue lick away her precum juices. His nostrils flared as he took in her heavenly pussy scent; pungent, salty, musky with her sexuality. His heart beating, he gently opened his mouth and pulled her lips inside, licking and sucking at them passionately, yet tenderly and lovingly.

Agnes sighed when she felt his mouth around her pussy lips. She lifted her hips pressing her sex against his face, loving the way he was going about loving her. Oh. He does love pussy, she enthused. This is wonderful. She licked her lips eagerly, knowing the best was to come.

Tommy toyed with her outer lips, loving them with his mouth and tongue, sucking them in and out of his mouth as his tongue licked them all over. With her outer lips still inside his mouth, he ran his tongue between them and into her moist, hot, quaking vagina.

Agnes lifted her hips and at the same time reached down with her hands, putting them to the back of Tommy's head. She could not help herself. She needed his mouth pressed to her sex. Her hands held his face to her crotch as she ground her pussy into his mouth. It felt so good. Soooo damn good to feel his tongue deep inside her. My God. So deep.

She flexed her vagina, sucking and massaging Tommy's tongue, pulling and expelling it as she raised and lowered her hips, fucking his face, his tongue, his mouth. "Oh God, Tommy. It feels so good. You are a wonderful lover. I'm about to explode."

Tommy smiled to himself, delighted to hear Agnes's voice, the tension in it, the anxiety for sexual release. He had learned to love bringing Mrs. Harris to orgasm slowly, teasingly, advancing and withdrawing until she would cry out for relief. And when she orgasmed, they both felt the most wonderful sexual sensations. Tommy never got enough of feeling Mrs. Harris fill his mouth with her cum as she climaxed.

"Oh God. Tommy. I can't take much more of this." Agnes cried out as she clawed at Tommy's scalp, her hips fucking at his face.

When Agnes felt as if it could not get any more excruciatingly exciting, Tommy raised her sexual tension to greater heights. His tongue parted her outer lips, moved between her inner lips, and licked lightly at her little rosebud, now stiffly erect, peaking out from her sensitive inner lips.

"Uh. Uh. Uh." Agnes moaned when she felt his tongue lick slowly and ever so softly at her swollen clit. "Oh. Tommy. I'm going to cum soon. I can't take much more."

But she did for Tommy did not bring her off just then. His tongue moved up and down between her outer and inner lips, bringing her cunt juices to her clit. Around and around her stiff lovebud went his tongue, up and down and then, when Agnes felt she was going to explode with tension he fastened his mouth around her clit and began to suck it in and out of his mouth slowly, ever so slowly, all the while his tongue licked at it, up and down, and then the very tip as her orgasm approached.

The pressure of his soft lips pressing against her clit and his tongue licking at it softly sent Agnes soaring onto a sexual land she had not hitherto inhabited. She felt as if her body were on fire.

Her head thrashing back and forth, Agnes murmured softly. "Tommy. Tommy. I'm going to cum. Ahhhhh. Now. Now. Oh God." She cried out wildly as the dam broke and her body began to shake from the strength of the orgasm that emanated from her loins and traveled over her entire body. She grabbed Tommy's head and held his mouth to her vibrating clit. Her thighs clamped against his cheeks as she thrust her hips upward, holding them together as her body shook from the unleashed passion of her orgasm.
