 Tom's Midnight Encounter or 'I Think Had Sex With My Wife's Best Friend.

© l'Oreille Discret 2003

l'Oreille Discret is a new project writing and compiling true erotic stories based on the real lives of real people. Many of us have erotic secrets that we would love to share, but do not know how to do so in confidence.

I'Oreille Discret can help, as the following true story shows. Readers will easily see why the character involved might want to tell his tale, but could not do it themselves without hurting others they love. 

The following story was told by Tom, who lives in the East Midlands of England. His confusion and uncertainty have bothered him since the events of last spring, and he felt the need to talk about it anonymously.

It was the Easter holiday, and Tom, Jackie and their two children were on holiday in the country. As they had done several tines before, they were sharing a cottage with their closest friends Paul and Sally, and their three children. They were staying in an old stone cottage in a very isolated spot near the moors, where there was plenty of good walking, good bike riding and great adventure playing for the kids (and, lets admit it, the Dads too) too. 

The kids always got on very well together, and on this holiday had insisted on sleeping together in sleeping bags on the lounge floor, in front of the dying flames of the stove. The cottage had no mains power, relying on its own generator, and when the lights were out was very dark indeed. Like many old houses it had only small windows and heavy curtains kept out almost all the light, and of course being in England, the rain clouds allowed little moonlight anyway.

The nine of them were used to making their own entertainment in the evenings. The kids and often the adults played board games (once the Game Boy batteries had run out) and after the kids had eaten their dinner in their usual loud, messy fashion, the adults ate theirs in a calmer, more leisurely manner, often accompanied by rather more wine than was perhaps healthy.

The night in question had been particularly boozy. The weather had been very good that day, and after a long walk along an old railway track, they were all hungry and thirsty. The two wives especially had drunk much more white wine than they were accustomed to and were, as Sally put it 'quite squiffy'. As usual, the conversation after dinner had roamed widely and, as it was prone to do when alcohol featured, had touched - but only obliquely - on sexual matters. There was, not for the first time, a frisson of innuendo in the air. Tom and Paul knew better than to expect 'results' from this, but as always, lived in hope. In the end, to their delight and slightly drunken amazement, Jackie had suggested to Tom that they went up to bed. Tom had gladly agreed and eagerly took the hand that Jackie offered and the two of them had tiptoed past the sleeping children and upstairs to bed, leaving Paul and Sally together in the kitchen. 

Late in the night, Tom stood in deep darkness in the old stone-flagged kitchen. His right hand rested on the cold tap as a torrent of water flowed into the empty porcelain sink, its whiteness barely discernible in the blackness. He felt unsteady, knowing he had drunk too much red wine, and needed water. He needed lots of water and had negotiated the obstacle course of the child-filled lounge with difficulty. He filled his glass with the cold liquid and downed it in one, refilling it and downing a second glass. He felt much better, if a little unstable still. He filled his glass a third time and turned to feel his way along the wall to the door to return to bed next to Jackie, his sleeping wife.

As he approached the door feeling is way along the wall in the gloom, he heard rather than saw it open and a shape entered the room. The shape moved carefully, silently along the wall towards him and eventually bumped into him in the darkness. It uttered a small sound of, Tom thought, recognition. He recognized Sally's voice, and when she took his hand in an unsteady manner, he helped her to the sink where she turned the tap on. 

Tom was not surprised she needed a drink. Sally was unused to red wine, and had downed at least four glasses - much more than her usual amount - in addition to the white wine they had drunk with dinner. Her hand was shaking as she reached for a glass, and Tom put his hand under her arm to steady her, his arm around her waist as she staggered slightly. Sally leaned heavily against his shoulder as she reached for the tap, filling her glass to the brim, and then letting it overflow over her fingers. She took a long draft, and breathed out slowly. Like Tom, she filled her glass again and took loud gulps on the ice cold water. Tom felt her lean less heavily on his arm. He released her hand and took his arm from around her waist.

With a sound of protest, Sally quickly grabbed Tom's hand and pulled his arm back around her waist. She turned to face him. Tom could just make out her face in the darkness by its slight paleness, and was about to ask if she needed help getting upstairs when without warning, she kissed him on the lips.

Tom was shocked and for a moment froze, his mind racing. Sally kissed him a second time and this time he kissed her back - just a little bit. Sally's arms went around his neck and she kissed him full on the lips, pressing her body against his. Tom was confused but, in his still inebriated state, found it much easier to let his body rule his mind. He returned Sally's kiss strongly and passionately, answering her demands with his lips and tongue.

As their kissing became more passionate, Sally's pelvis pressed against Tom's waist and he realized he had a huge erection, pressing against his boxer shorts. To his astonishment, Sally slipped her hand down the front of his shorts and grasped his shaft firmly. Tom moaned with pleasure and surprise. His hands fell to Sally's waist, then to her buttocks and he pulled her firmly into him, squeezing her hand, still wrapped around his cock, between their two stomachs. His fingers found the hem of her nightie and lifted it, exposing her bare cheeks to his touch. He kneaded her buttocks as she gently tugged his cock, pulling her cheeks apart and running a finger lightly up and down her cleft, each stroke bringing his fingers closer to the base of her pussy.

His fingertips touched her moist pubic hair from behind, and Sally whimpered softly, rolling her hips against his fingers. Tom felt dampness beneath his touch and Tom's hands moved outwards as he brought his palms under her buttocks. Sally ground herself against his erection. He pulled her closer into him and her breath came faster as her gyrations more frenzied. Sally's lips pressed against his, her mouth open, her tongue seeking his. Tom felt the hand down the front of his boxer grasp his hard cock more firmly and squeeze. Releasing his hold on her buttocks, Tom slid his middle finger down the cleft in Sally's bottom, over her tight anus and down between her thighs to reach the lower edge of her pussy. He felt warmth and wetness, and at the touch of his finger, a sudden weakness in her knees.

Sally's arms tightened around his neck and he felt her weight on him. His hands returned to beneath her buttocks and, lifting gently with his legs, he raised Sally's hot body off the ground. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and he carried her forward, staggering in the darkness until she was sitting on the edge of the large oak kitchen table. Feeling the cool wood beneath her, Sally's legs released Tom's waist and she laid back in the darkness, her nightgown around her waist, her legs apart. 

Tom could see the outline of her body in the feeble moonlight. His hands found her knees and he slowly ran his fingers down the inside of her thighs towards her pussy. His fingers found the triangle of short, wiry hair and rested there, before his middle finger very slowly slid along the opening of Sally's slit, before slipping confidently into her moist opening. Sally moaned as Tom's long middle finger slid its full length into her, until his palm rested against her pubis. Tom began to move his finger around inside her body, feeling her warmth and wetness; hearing her mounting pleasure as her breath caught in her throat. He felt her tighten and loosen around his finger, and slowly, carefully slid a second finger alongside the first. A low groan told him it was welcome and, turning his hand over within her, Tom sank to his knees. The darkness was almost absolute, but Tom could feel Sally's pussy with his fingers, hear the soft wet noises his fingering was producing, and increasingly he could smell the hot scent of her mounting passion. Tom worked his fingers in and out of her, turning them over and back, seeking her most sensitive spot. Sally's hips bucked back and forth against his hand, her back arching, soft moans coming from her mouth. Tom felt Sally's pussy tighten suddenly as her body convulsed alongside him and his hand filled with wetness.

His erection now painful within his shorts, Tom slowed his fingering and gently slipped his fingers out of Sally's pussy. He heard a short sound of disappointment from above him. Remaining in hos knees between her thighs, he leaned forward and licked Sally's pussy with a long single stroke from its base to her clitoris. She gasped and her hands gripped his head tightly. He licked her again, his tongue firm and pointed. Sally's fingers entwined themselves in his hair and held him firmly. Tom's tongue began to dart eagerly in and out of his mouth, up and down Sally's slit first in long strokes along her inner lips, then in short rapid movements across and underneath her clitoris. Sally began to moan and writhe on the table, her back arching. Tom could feel her excitement increasing and slipped his two fingers back into her vagina, rotating them as his active tongue ran under her clitoris again. Sally's body twitched and her breath came in shorter and shorter gasps. He could hear her, feel her, smell her, even taste he, but could barely see her. The excitement was hard to bear.

Tom slowly rose to his feet and strained to look down on Sally. Her pale skin was just visible in the darkness, in contrast to the dark wood of the old oak table on which she lay. Removing his fingers once again, he gradually introduced the tip of his cock between her open inner pussy lips. He placed his palms on Sally's smooth white knees and firmly pushed them upwards and apart, noticing with male delight that she was wearing short white socks to protect her feet from the cold stone floor. Tom's lust increased dramatically and he drove his cock into her with his whole weight. He heard a small gasp of pleasure and felt Sally's pelvis wriggling beneath him. He began to slide in an out of her. First in long, slow strokes, then with increasing speed and vigour. He felt her vagina tightening around his shaft and his excitement multiplied. Leaning over to look down into what he could see of her face, Tom began to thrust harder. Twice, his driving thrusts pushed Sally too far up the table and he had to pull her bodily back to the edge. Sally back arched beneath him and she began to pant.

Tom felt his climax approaching and grasped Sally by the hips. He pulled her onto his driving cock as he began to cum inside her, biting his lip to so as not to wake the sleeping children in the next room. He could hear his balls slapping against her buttocks, so violent were his thrusts, and Sally's hard guttural noises in time with his pumping. Eventually his thrusts slowed to a stop and he rested, breathless, his cock gradually softening inside her. Silently, he ran his palms over her legs, thighs and buttocks, stoking her soft skin before withdrawing from her tired, spent body.

He groped in the darkness for her hands, and helped her stand up. She leaned against him, hugged him firmly before whispering in his ear.

"We'd better go back to bed. You go first. I'll be up soon." 

And with that, she disappeared. Tom heard the sound of a door closing and, moments later, a tap running. He suddenly realized that those were the only words that had been spoken during their entire encounter.

Tom groped for the kitchen door and went out. The curtains in the lounge were thinner than in the kitchen and he could just make out the stairs. He crossed to them, carefully feeling for sleeping children, and went up to bed. Sliding under the duvet next to his sleeping wife, Tom lay awake, unable to believe what had happened. After he had heard Sally coming upstairs, he lay awake for a long time, listening to the sounds on the night, wondering what would happen the next morning.

Tom was late down for breakfast the next day. He had slept badly, his conscience disturbed. He fully expected his marriage to end shortly after he entered the kitchen. To his astonishment, all was as exactly as normal. All the children were seated at the table, with Paul, Jackie and Sally preparing the breakfast. Tom sheepishly went over to help. Sally smiled at him exactly as she had always done - with no sign that anything had happened. Their holiday continued.

Tom's comments - This whole thing has really puzzled and upset me. Sally has behaved ever since as if it hadn't taken place at all! There was no embarrassment, no awkwardness, no guilty looks. She has gone on exactly as before, and although we have been alone since then many times, she has never given the slightest indication that we were any more than just good friends, that she regretted or enjoyed what happened or even that she would like to repeat it. 

I have started to wonder whether it really did happen, whether I dreamed it all. But then I remember that I did have a tiny love bite on my lower neck the next morning, I found a pair of short white socks under the kitchen table and – speaking very frankly - there were pubic hairs in my mouth when I brushed my teeth.

I now wonder if in the darkness and in her drunken state, she thought I was Paul, or perhaps even didn't remember at all. Neither of these explanations sounds very likely to me. Perhaps she is simply in denial, I can't tell without opening a 'can of worms.'

I'm glad anyway that my marriage is still secure. Eventually I suppose I'll just put this down as a unique, and very enjoyable experience.

If you would like to learn more about us, please read the Author's profile for more information