 This is the second part of my Tomorrow Series. Please be sure to read the first as well.

-------------------------------------

She rolled over into the lumpiness of his shoulder and was greeted with empty air. She sighed softly and leaned up to see her alarm clock. She looked at the clock blinking two red lights between the 5 and 44. As her eyes focused she realised she was back in her own bed. Despite sleeping soundly for the first time in months, she felt exhausted when she woke in his empty bed. She hated this part. This is when the doubts crept in and settled heavily on her chest. 

She rolled out of bed and shuffled to her bathroom. The light stung and showed her reflection a little too clearly. Her eyes were puffy. How could he love me? She ushered the self doubt out the window and looked away as she started her shower. Slowly as she washed herself, her insides burned with guilt. 

How could she have let him in like that? She exposed herself too willingly. She didn't need the complications that came along with him. What were the full consequences of this relationship? 

She shut her eyes as she washed her hair. Her thoughts flooded with the memory of his touch. Her body had betrayed her. Did he really care about her or was this simply sex? She turned the taps off and dried herself quickly. The boys would be up soon. 

--------------------------------------------

She had cursed herself repeatedly as the day had slowly passed. She settled herself into her bed with a good book and cursed herself one last time for good measure. She left the window slightly open. She reasoned with herself that she loved the cool breeze of the Spring winds, but knew full well it was really an attempt to invite him in. 

She laughed at herself. Now was the time for a bit of wine and quiet relaxation. She looked at the page, reading the same words over a few times before seeing him.

In the dark corner, he moved. She caught the sound of his movement before her eyes could focus on him. Her heart jumped a few beats and thudded loudly in her ears. She slipped out of bed and took a step closer. 

"I didn't think you would make it." She whispered. 

Her lips met his and for a few moments her entire being stopped. 

"I've been waiting a little while for you. I didn't want to disturb you..." he said gruffly. 

His fingers slid down her shoulders pulling the straps of her nightgown onto her forearms. Each finger traced the contours of her neckline, up her jaw and back down again. 

"I missed you." He said. She looked up into his dark eyes. They had that spark that lit her insides. A smile crept across his lips. "Did you miss me?"

As usual, her words failed to form. She looked down to his chest. When had he stripped his clothes? His skin seemed to glow despite it being the middle of the night. She watched his chest rise and fall a few times before resting her head against his chest. Tears fell down her face. 

"Not tonight..." she dared whisper. 

He lifted her face to his and gently kissed her lips. She felt each ginger touch of his lips to hers as he carried her to her bed. He laid down next to her, propping himself up on one elbow. His fingers stroked her hair and her face. 

"Don't go, not yet..." She said suddenly. 

He kissed her forehead. "I'm not going anywhere. 

" 

She smiled to herself and started to drift into sleep again. The smell of outdoors, of freshly fallen rain and wet earth clung to him. His fingers lingered over her breasts, then her belly. She smiled again, welcoming his gentle pursuit. 

"Will you stay tonight?" She ventured sleepily. 

"I'll stay as long as you want me to." Kisses peppered her neck and collarbone. "Tell me how long you would like me to stay, and I will." 

His fingers traced down her body to her thighs. His lips were next to her ear. His breathing was heavy and warm on her skin. She could hear him licking his lips as his fingers slid between her thighs, running through the soft mound of her pubic hair and teasing her. 

She turned into his lips, kissing him passionately. She had promised herself she would at least try to resist him. That her self conscience was silent at that very moment didn't bother her. As long as he stayed this time, that was all that mattered. 

His fingers lifted her gown, exposing herself to him completely. Without any protests, he raised himself above her and unceremoniously entered her. Her body ached with longing as the shock of his entry took her. This man she barely knew made her open herself to him willingly without asking questions first. She writhed under him as he pulled out and plunged deeply back inside of her. She could not believe how so little could excite her so much. In and out he went, driving himself deeper each time. 

She clutched onto his body as her pleasure peaked with his. She wanted his raw fucking with no apologies or tears shed . He stroked into her again and again until she felt him start to swell. She ached for his release. For him to explode inside of her seemed to be the one thing that she had always wanted. He grunted deeply before stabbing himself as deep and hard as he could. Breathless, he shuddered above her. Shivers ran down her spine as he came long and hard. 

Somewhere deep inside her, something awoke. It climbed out of her stomach and carried on throughout her body. She opened her eyes, gasped loudly and let out a long low moan as her orgasm overtook her. 

She tried to place what had taken over her. What was this she was feeling? She'd loved before and this was far more than love. It wasn't simple lust either. She felt that she needed him, she wanted him and she could forever be locked in his arms. She was happy with him...was he simply an escape? Or was this a true chance at happiness?

She let her eyes shut for a moment only to let the tears subside. Tonight there would be lingering touches and long sighs of delight, but no more sex. No light, no sun and barely any sleep. Promises whispered and affections adorned, she lay contented in his arms. 

Once he drifted to sleep, she dared whisper "I love you." She didn't want a response. She was afraid of what it may be. Come morning, she knew he would be gone again. A lot of things changed when the sun rose.