 Mike hurried out of the building, mentally checking off the things he still needed to do before he got home. He had been unable to work all day, distracted by the anticipation of his upcoming date with his neighbor Stacy. She was beautiful, smart, charming, and sexy as any woman he had ever met, and Mike couldn't wait to be alone with her. 

But Mike was also nervous and unsure how things would go. Even though Stacy had suggested dinner at her place, he couldn't quite believe she was interested in him as more than a friend. He suspected that she was just being polite because they were neighbors. None the less, he still wanted to get to know her better. Hopefully she felt the same way about him.

Despite his nervousness Mike was determined to make a great impression. He stopped at a flower shop and picked up a small bouquet of yellow roses, which hoped she would like. Then he stopped at a liquor store. He didn't know what was on the menu so he carefully chose two bottles of Merlot. It was already 7PM by the time he walked in the door to his apartment. 

He showered, shaved, and then chose a dark, blue blazer to wear over a plain, blue dress shirt and khaki slacks. After a quick check of the time, he swiftly buffed his shoes and then gathered up the wine and flowers and walked down the hall to Stacy's place. 

Mike had only dated a couple times since his divorce and he felt as jumpy as a teen when he rang the bell. He stood there restlessly tapping his foot, wondering what was taking so long and quickly became worried that he maybe he had the wrong day. By the time Stacy answered the door he was a nervous wreck. When he saw that she was wearing a bathrobe and slippers he was crestfallen.

"I'm sorry. Am I early? If so, I can come back later…" Mike apologized.

Stacy just smiled broadly and motioned him to come in. "Don't be silly. You are right on time Mike. Please come in. Are those flowers for me?"

Mike stuttered, "Uh...Yy-yes!" 

"Let me put these in some water and then I'll be right back", she called over her shoulder as she walked into the kitchen. "Just put the wine on the counter."

Stacy thought to herself, "How romantic! He really is sweet in an old fashioned kind of way!" She appreciated the fact that Mike had chosen to dress nicely for dinner and roses were completely unexpected. None of the guys she had dated since her divorce had thought to bring her flowers. She put the flowers in a vase and placed them on the counter smiling at Mike as she adjusted the arrangement. Then she walked over and kissed him on the cheek.

"Yellow roses are my favorite. How did you know?" 

Mike just shrugged, and then said "I like your place. It fit's you."

Mike already knew what her placed looked like, at least what he could see through the window. But now that he was inside he could see much more detail.

Stacy's large living/dining room was divided into three areas by open spaces. In one area she had arranged her sofa and love seat diagonally so one had an unobstructed view out over the balcony. In another area, closer to the kitchen she had placed a large dining table with chairs. There were bookshelves and small tables located throughout the spaces.

The remaining space was outfitted as a mini-gym, complete with a Bowflex, treadmill, elliptical trainer, and a couple of machines Mike didn't recognize. There were mirrors all along one wall making the exercise space look bigger than it really was. There was also a poster sized picture of Stacy in a skimpy, white bikini on the wall. He stared at it, and then looked back at her grinning.

"My motivation", Stacy said proudly. "That picture was taken about 15 years ago and my goal is to look as good as that again."

Mike gulped, and said "I think you look fine just the way you are."

Stacy smiled and purred, "You are so sweet. I could just eat you up." To herself she thought, "And I mean every word!"

They walked back out to the living room and she placed a tray with a wine opener and two glasses on the coffee table. Then she said, "Why don't you open the wine and I'll be right back." 

Mike opened the wine and then nervously wandered about the living room checking out her books and pictures. Suddenly, he noticed a reflection moving in the mirrored wall. Curious, he moved slightly closer and to his right and instantly realized he was seeing Stacy moving around in her bedroom. Mike froze and watched as she opened her robe and tossed it on the bed, and then walked to her closet, naked from head to toe!

Stacy fidgeted and stalled until she saw Mike's reflection clearly in the mirror. Then she took off her robe and started to dress herself. She had deliberately waited until he arrived just so she could tease him with another little peep show. She barely suppressed a little giggle when she felt the familiar tingle starting between her legs.

Mike couldn't look away as Stacy took a dress out of the closet and then laid it on the bed. Then she picked up a sexy, black lace thong and slipped into it, wiggling her hips from side to side. When she picked up her dress and began to slide into it, he moved away and sat on the couch. He had watched his ex-wife dress thousands of times, but never had it seemed so sensual or erotic.

A couple minutes later Stacy walked into the room and struck a pose. "Ta da!" She declared. "How do you like me now?"

Mike's jaw dropped. Stacy was wearing a black, halter top cocktail dress that was mid-thigh length at best, and silver sandals with at least 3" spike heels. The dress hugged her fine figure, highlighting every curve and accentuating her generous cleavage. 

"Stacy, you are absolutely gorgeous!" Mike exclaimed.

"Why thank you sir. Now let's have a drink!"

Mike poured the wine and handed her a glass and then toasted "To get the full value of joy, you must have someone to divide it with…"

"That's lovely Mike!"

"Its part of something Mark Twain said."

"It's still perfect!" Stacy thought, "Wow! He is surprisingly charming."

Mike sat on the couch and Stacy sat on the love seat facing him. Her eyes sparkled like cut glass and the deep vee front of her dress barely covered the swell of her full breasts. When she crossed her legs her dress slid up and she made no move to tug it back down. His mind wandered and suddenly he was imagining her naked.

Pulling himself back into the present, Mike broke the ice and said, "So Stacy, how long have you worked at Bloomingdales?"

"Oh, just since my divorce."

"Do you like working there?"

"Oh yes, very much. I have always liked clothes and fashion, and now I get to indulge myself."

"How did you pick this place?" Mike asked.

"One of my friends is married to one of the developers. She suggested I take a look and I fell in love with the place."

"How do you like living alone?"

Stacy paused for a moment, "I like having my own space. But I miss having my family around… except for my asshole ex-husband that is."

"Uh… Sounds like you had a rough time. What happened with him, if you don't mind my asking?"

Stacy looked at him over the rim of her glass and then said, "You have the nicest way of asking difficult questions. You don't really want to hear about all that do you?"

Mike smiled and said "Sure, if it doesn't make you uncomfortable."

Stacy shrugged and replied, "Well; I got married when I was 22, to a man 12 years older than me. I met him when I took a temp job replacing his secretary for the summer. I was looking for stability, and he was looking for someone young and pretty. For 20 years, things were fine. I ran the house and gave him 2 beautiful children, who are in college now. I thought we had a picture perfect life."

As Mike digested what she said he realized she was older than he thought, closer to his age. He was suddenly feeling much more comfortable when he asked her, "Then what happened?"

Stacy looked down into her lap and said, "Well… I guess I should have realized that he had a thing for younger women when he married me. As soon as I turned 40, he told me he wanted a divorce. I found out later that he was having an affair with a woman in her 20's."

Mike snorted, "He really must be an asshole to let a beautiful, sexy woman like you get away." 

Stacy was touched by the sincerity of his reaction. "That's very sweet of you to say." 

After that, they sipped their wine for a while and made more small talk. Mike was just beginning to relax again when unexpectedly Stacy said "Oh, I see your glass is empty. Let me refill that for you." 

Stacy leaned over and refilled both of their glasses, her breasts jiggling loosely in the halter top. When she sat back again Mike noticed that her nipples were erect and practically bursting through the thin material of her dress. He gulped and took a long, slow drink from his glass, forcing his gaze back to her face.

He desperately wanted to ask if she was dating anyone, but he couldn't figure out how to broach the subject.

Stacy solved his problem for him by asking, "Enough about me. Tell me a little about yourself. What do you do for a living, Mike?"

"Uh, I'm an executive at a technology consulting company…"

"Hmmm, an executive… I am impressed. So you give advice to other companies?" 

"Sometimes, but mostly we write business software for them. That is why I moved here, to take this job." 

Stacy already knew he was divorced, "So, do you have any kids?"

"Nope. I feel like that was one of the reasons my wife and I broke up up.", Mike answered nervously.

She smiled, "That's really too bad. You are such a nice guy. I bet you would make a great father."

"Well, maybe someday…" he finished.

"Are you seeing anyone?" Stacy asked like it was the most natural question in the world.

"Well…" Mike stammered. "No. I have only had two dates since my divorce. There aren't a lot of opportunities out there for a man my age." 

Stacy laughed, "Well, they don't know what they are missing."

He realized she had given him an opening. "What about you? Are you seeing anyone?"

"No, not at the moment" Stacy said looking right into his eyes.

"That's surprising. I would expect an attractive lady like yourself could have your pick of guys."

Stacy blushed, "Well, maybe when I was younger."

Mike laughed, "Listen to us. We sound like a couple old folks ready to move to Florida!"

Stacy laughed at the joke then said, "I need to check on dinner. Would you excuse me for a moment?" 

Mike stood and said, "Please, take your time."

Stacy walked into the kitchen, put on her apron, and busied herself pulling dinner from the oven. As she worked, she found herself considering Mike. "He really IS sweet. I wonder what he is like in bed…" She called out "Please help your self to some more wine if you like. It will be just another minute." 

Mike refilled both their glasses, emptying the first bottle bottle, and then thought to himself, "What a woman!" He couldn't believe how easy it was to talk to her. Usually by now he would have been a stuttering idiot or have embarrassed himself in some other way. He hadn't felt this excited about a woman for a very long time.

Stacy returned a couple minutes later and said "Dinner is ready. Please have a seat."

Mike grabbed their wine glasses and then called out "Can I help you with anything?"

Stacy stuck her head around the corner and laughed, "Don't be silly. I have everything under control."

Stacy walked in and placed a roast chicken on the table and headed back to the kitchen. She returned only a moment later and placed a large bowl of vegetables and a plate of bread on the table. Everything was hot and steaming, and the aroma was mouth watering.

Mike waited until Stacy had everything on the table, and then held her chair as she sat down. He couldn't help sneaking another peek down the front of her dress and he felt his penis throb and start to rise again when he saw her creamy white breasts and rosy nipples. He quickly slid into his own chair, hiding his problem with his napkin.

Stacy carefully sliced the chicken and placed a portion on his plate, then handed Mike the vegetables. He waited as she prepared her own plate then they both began eating. Mike said "Mmmm... this is superb; Stacy, you really are a great cook."

Stacy beamed, "Thank you. It is my own special recipe for Herb Roasted Chicken. Some of the herbs I grow out on the balcony. Everything is made from scratch, even the bread. Please have a piece."

Mike tried the bread. It was hot and fresh and it melted in his mouth. "It's wonderful!" he laughed.

As they slowly ate and drank and talked some more, Mike began to realize just how intelligent, well informed, and charming Stacy was. She was an extraordinary woman; unlike any he had ever known, seemingly fluent in any topic and just as comfortable asserting an opinion as she was asking topical questions. She didn't shy away from sensitive subjects, and didn't seem put off if Mike didn't always agree with her.

Stacy was definitely impressed with Mike. She had expected him to be interesting, but there was a lot more to him than that. He was intelligent, educated, sensitive, and surprisingly funny. But even more unexpected was the respectful way he acted towards her. She could see that he was definitely attracted to her, and judging by the warm glow she felt building between her legs, she was attracted to him as well. 

They were well into the second bottle of wine when Mike pushed back his plate and said "Thank you for a great meal, Stacy. You can cook for me anytime." 

"I'm glad you liked it Mike. I really enjoyed cooking for you." She said, smiling.

Stacy stood and began to clear the table, and Mike jumped up to help her. She smiled, and said "Thanks Mike. You are such a gentleman."

"It's the least I can do. How else can I repay your for such a great meal?"

Stacy softly chuckled and then gave him a fleeting wink. "Oh, I am sure I will think of something."

Mike gathered up his empty plate and a few other items and they walked into the kitchen together. He left the dishes in the sink and went back and got the rest of the things from the table. Then he helped her rinse and put everything in the dishwasher before he went back to the sofa to sit down. 

As Stacy finished in the kitchen, she thought of another way to tease him. She grabbed a sponge and walked back to the table. Mike was thumbing idly through a magazine as she started wiping down the table. Her back was to him and when she felt him looking, she reached across table. She could feel her dress ride up and she knew Mike could see her tiny, black thong wedged between the milky, white globes of her ass. 

As she walked back to the kitchen, Stacy saw that Mike was desperately trying to hide an obvious tent in the front of his pants. She wasn't surprised at the effect she was having on him, after all, it was exactly what she was trying to do. 

By the time Stacy finished cleaning up and sat beside Mike on the couch, she knew she was going to fuck him, and he was going to be in for the ride of his life. She took another sip of her wine then slid her tongue slowly across her lips to capture a few stray drops of the red liquid. She knew there was no way he could miss the suggestive gesture.

Mike was more turned on then he had ever been in his life, and he could sense that Stacy was as well. When she sat beside him on the couch it was all he could do to keep himself from grabbing her and kissing her. He wanted make love to Stacy more than any woman he had even known. Her presence was intoxicating, her every move sensual and erotic. Maybe it was the wine, but he decided to go for broke and said, "Stacy, you are the most beautiful, sexy woman I have ever met, and I don't want this evening to end." 

Stacy looked back at him, her eyes smoldering with lust and said, "I don't want it to end either." 

Not knowing what else to do, Mike leaned over and kissed her lightly. Stacy kissed him back warmly, inviting, her lips parted slightly, her tongue dancing in and out and teasing his. She stunned him when she uncrossed her legs and slowly pulled his hand along her soft thigh and under her dress until it pressed against her pussy. The heat between her thighs was surprising and her panties were already wet. 

Mike stifled a groan and kissed her more forcefully, sliding his fingers up and down across her slippery, wet underwear. Stacy stopped him after only a few seconds and panted, "This way" and led him into her bedroom.

They were barely inside the door when Mike pulled Stacy into an embrace and kissed her again, this time deeply and powerfully. She responded instantly, her tongue probing the inside of his mouth and her hand sliding lightly up and down the front of his slacks. For several minutes they kissed passionately, their hands rapidly exploring each other. When Mike slid his hands up her back intending to unhook her dress, Stacy quickly stopped him with a hand in his chest and pushed him back against the wall.

"Watch me" Stacy whispered, her voice throaty and seductive. 

Staring straight into his eyes, Stacy began to gyrate her body erotically, running her hands over her breasts, then down over her hips, and then slowly back up between her legs. She turned her back to him, hips swaying suggestively as she inched closer and closer. Then she bent over, showing Mike her beautiful ass and running her fingers over her sopping panties as her head thrashed from side to side. When she slowly rose and looked over her shoulder, she had her fingers in her mouth, tasting her own juices. Stacy was really enjoying her little tease and by the time she unhooked the halter and allowed the dress to drop to the floor, her pussy was gushing.

As Stacy danced closer to Mike, he discovered he could smell her scent; a powerfully exciting mixture of perfume and her natural female aroma. He was just about to reach out and pull her to him again when Stacy crossed her arms over her chest and slowly turned to face him. She gradually bared her breasts, running her hands over them and closing her eyes with a look of ecstasy. Mike just stared at them, taken aback by how perfect they looked. Medium sized and nicely rounded, with nipples standing up like little pencil erasers, just waiting to be licked and sucked and caressed. 

"My God, Stacy you are so beautiful!" Mike whispered hoarsely.

Stacy moved forward and into Mike's arms again, kissing him fervently as her hands slid down to his crotch and rubbed his now fully erect penis. He groaned loudly and pressed his hips forward, grinding his swollen member against her soft hand. Then he lowered his mouth from her lips to her breasts and began to lick and suckle at the soft, creamy flesh and swollen, pink nipples. 

Stacy moaned loudly and her hand came up to gently hold and rub the back of his head. As he sucked a hard nipple into his mouth, biting it gently, she moaned again, this time louder and higher in pitch. Urged on by her whimpering, he began to suck harder until her hand gently moved him to her other breast, begging him to suck and lick that one as he had the other.

Mike suddenly realized that he was still fully clothed, while Stacy was almost fully nude. She had an incredible body; a woman's body; soft, feminine, curvy, and sexually enticing. He desperately wanted to feel the closeness of their bodies pressed together, his skin against hers, his cock inside her pussy. He reluctantly broke away from her and started to undress. 

"Let me help you" was all Stacy said, her voice husky and seductive as she tossed his jacket aside.

Slowly Stacy began to undo each button of Mike's shirt, placing little, wet kisses all the way down his chest as she did so. When all the buttons were free, she threw his shirt aside and knelt in front of him to help him remove his loafers and socks. Then Mike watched in awe as Stacy slowly unbuckled his belt, opened his pants and slid them down to his ankles. She waited patiently, sitting on her heels as he stepped out of them and tossed them aside.
