 TOMMY AND THE NEIGHBORS

Tommy had turned 18 right after Christmas in his Senior year. He was chuffed about that. He still had one semester of high school to go and then he was free of school or so he thought. He had trimmed up from being that somewhat pudgy and nerdy 14-15 year old lad and now was strong and lean. No more nasty assed belly fat or muffin top spilling out over his belt. He was working out three times a week in the garage and at school with Michael, his friend from across the street. Tommy was lean and hard and feeling his oats. The girls at school were also noticing and making calf eyes in his direction more often. There were some that were even passing him notes in class or putting one in his locker. He was chuffed about that and sometimes would step out to a movie and burgers with one or two of them. 

How some ever he was more focused on joining the Navy the next November. He was signed up. He had the schools in sequence and was looking forward to leaving town.

His only sore spot was Lulu. She is his 20 year old lady shirt-tailed cousin by marriage on his Mom's side. She had arrived in their house at 16 as the result of some events he wasn't really sure of. He knew she had been giving his parents no end of trouble. She was in and out of boyfriends on a fast pace and barely graduated from high school. Currently she was working at the big-box Tex-Mart on the edge of town and between boyfriends. They had fought off and on over what were really trifles. To her favor, Lulu was gorgeous with all the right curves and damn smart about computers. 

She was making up for high school by working hard and blowing through her classes at the community college with straight A's. 

The two of them had not gotten along from the get go. Then they had settled down and become civil. In the last year they had even gone to the movies with Michael and Pham, Tommy's Laotian gal pal and frequent homework date from across the street. His parents had been relieved when the cat fights had stopped.

Pham is a Laotian young woman that lives across the street and is best pals with Tommy. Because of earlier events in camps she is a year older than Tommy. Michael, also 18, is good friends with both Tommy and Pham and they are often seen together at lunch at the high school doing this and that.

Tommy had long decided that Lulu was a woman on the make but she was having troubles finding her way. She hated school but was good with computers and techie stuff. One of her problems, in Tommy's opinion was that she had horrible taste in young men. She had a long history of loser fur-ball boyfriends. No matter. 

A day or two after his birthday the now of age Tommy caught himself sneaking a peek watching Lulu in the shower. He had come in to shower not knowing she was there. He was wearing only a towel. She had caught him in the act. She kicked his ass for peeking in on her. He swore it was an accident. 

"Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. It was an accident."

"Yeah, right, sure Tommy. An accident! Give me a fucking break.You were trying to get a peek of me naked!" She was kicking his ass verbally. However, she was doing naked as the water dripped of her face, ass and pink nipples."

"There." Lulu flashed him again. "Do you like what you see?"

Tommy left and, yes, he did like what he had seen. He jerked off to relieve the giant hard-on that had sprung up.

That first time he got a free pass and the verbal ass kicking was mild. Then it happened again and then again. It was like she was doing it intentionally just to tease him.

Tommy liked looking at Lulu's boobies and her thick curly-blond bush. Besides, Lulu isn't his sister so looking is okay, sorta, well, mostly, kinda. Nah, not really. Lulu is a hot number and isn't his sister. Looks are exciting. He was puzzled but enjoyed the view.

Getting thumped by Lulu didn't stop him of course. More importantly, Lulu also didn't tell his parents which would have gotten his butt toasted by Mom and roasted by Dad. They would have eaten his rosy ass for dinner. That indicates that she wasn't really offended. Not too much anyway. More likely she wished that he had been a bit older, like 20 plus with a bigger dick, cum-filled balls and hairy wedding tackle. Tommy knew from overheard telephone whispers that she liked her boys, had hot pants, a wet cunt and liked cock from time to time.

Little did Lulu know, he had a thick cock, cum-filled balls, and generally hairy wedding tackle.

Then one morning at breakfast, it was just the two of them since he was busting to get to school and she was going to work early Lulu asked, "Tommy, you turned 18 after Christmas, right? 

"Yes ma'am."

"Don't be a smartass Tommy. I am not a ma'am to you."

"Yes ma'am. I turned 18. My momma taught me that when speaking to a pretty girl or older lady saying 'ma'am' is a good thing."

"You are being a smartness."

"Yes, ma'am."

"Hmm, so I am the pretty girl and not the older lady."

"Yes ma'am, the pretty girl."

"Well then I deserved it. Sorta. We are cousins living in the same house. Thank you for the pretty girl part."

"You are a pretty girl and a cousin. Yes, ma'am."

Lulu laughed and they soon headed off. She dropped Tommy off at school before heading to work. 

This peeking continued for about two weeks until it was seemingly almost a planned event. Once, just once, Lulu let Tommy cup both her boobs and finger her kitty. Lulu was between boyfriends and wanted just a little attention. Tommy enjoyed giving her the attention.

Tommy got another hard on from that and about wet his pants. His manly cock got hard when he saw her sometimes. Lulu wasn't getting it regular from a boyfriend.

Still the semi-chaste naughty behavior moved forward.

The next Friday morning Tommy's parent's and Lulu's Auntie and Uncle, Walter and Nanne, went off to a Propane convention in Dallas for a long weekend. Lulu was going to mind Tommy in the evenings. The question, of course, is who was going to watch Lulu?

As the car wheels backed out the drive early that Friday morning Lulu snuck into Tommy's room and shushed him up. Then she pulled the sheets down, reached inside his jammies and sucked his swelling cock until it was hard and quivering. They measured it with a ruler and discovered that it was 7 inches when hard and thick like a pipe. Then she got butt naked, rolled on a condom and mounted his cock and fucked him Cowgirl style until they both came. 

Tommy was awestruck and didn't know what to say. That was a good thing too. Being quiet can be a good thing. 

"That is my birthday present Tommy!"

"Yes m'am. I fine birthday present."

Lulu said "keep it quiet Tommy. You may get it again. You were good! Your pommel pummeled my pommel riding pussy to paradise right and proper. Tommy the stud!"

Tommy just smiled and fingered Lulu's nipples. She shuddered in delight.

Then they rolled apart and got the day started. Tommy to school and Lulu to work.

Friday at school Tommy was sleep-walking through the day. "I got fucked by Lulu!" That was about all he could focus on. He did pay attention in class when he had to but his default day dream was Lulu's tits in his face as she fucked him astride his waist. 

He didn't tell anyone, not even Michael or Pham.

Friday afternoon after school he went through his chores in a semi-daze. Lulu was at work. His girl pal Pham came over like she often did to listen to music and do some homework. She was a whiz at math while Tommy was a geography and history genius. They both enjoyed certain on-line games when they had a chance.

Pham noticed something was different. "Tommy, are you okay?"

"Yes. Yes. I am okay. I am just distracted a bit by something at school. I'll focus now."

Pham thought to herself, "That fucker Tommy must be thinking about a girl. I wonder who she is. We get along fine but we aren't boyfriend and girlfriend. More like just friends. I will get it out of him later. I always do."

Often when she came over she took off her top to show off her nearly flat chest. It gave them both a bit of a thrill. It also got the weekend homework done. Just before dinner time Pham pulled her shirt on and went home. Pham said she would be back Saturday afternoon.

Just before Lulu got home Tommy put dinner together using leftovers in the fridge that Nanne had listed.

Lulu arrived home with popcorn. When she came in the door Tommy was working at the sink. She walked behind him, got close, and put her fingers inside his shorts to fondle his balls.

"Hi ya Tommy! Just checking your pussy pummeler!" 

Tommy got a huge woody from that.

Then Lulu let go and went about her business.

Dinner was ready.

While they ate Lulu chatted about this and that. Pham had been over and had left a school book behind. No matter. She would be back Saturday afternoon to play some games. Lulu played footsie with Tommy just a bit. He blushed. Then she said, "Tommy, you were fun this morning. Let's keep that between ourselves. If we do it too much we will get caught and your parents will flay both of us." 

He answered with "Yes, ma'am. They would kill us."

"Don't be an asshole Tommy!"

"Me? An asshole?'

"Yes. You. Calling me ma'am after fucking my ass off this morning."

"Yes ma'am."

"You can be an asshole?"

"Yes ma'am."

"You were a stud fucker!"

"Yes ma'am."

"You liked it?"

"Yes ma'am. It was awesome."

"You didn't tell a soul did you?"

"No ma'am and I won't. Not even Pham. It will just be between the two of us. If I hear about it, you were the one that blabbed."

"Promise?"

"Yes ma'am"

"You can be an asshole Tommy!" Lulu smiled. "We can be fuck buddies from time to time. If you answer with a 'Yes ma'am' again I'll kick your ass."

"No ma'am, I'll fuck your tight, wet, pink cunt before that. Then you can kick my ass."

Lulu made a face at that. "Fair enough."

"Okay Tommy. Let's clean up and then watch a movie."

That is pretty much what happened. They cleaned up the kitchen and got snuggly on the sofa watching movies. Lulu put her head on Tommy's lap while they chatted and watched the screen. Eventually Lulu took Tommy's hand and put it where he could rub her boobs. In the course of things her blouse became unbuttoned, her bra disappeared and she got naked to the waist. Come on time for bed they showered together and Lulu ended up in Tommy's bed for the night. They fucked again in cowgirl before they went to sleep. In the morning, well before breakfast, Lulu showed Tommy the Lotus position and they finished in Missionary.

Then, all to soon, Lulu was off to work. Tommy had chores to do. Pham and Michael would probably be coming over later.

About 3:00 o'clock Lulu came home from work. They both had stuff to do. Just to keep Tommy interested Lulu took off her top and she walked around the house just wearing shorts. She kept a tee shirt stuck in her back pocket in case someone came to the door. 

Tommy kept his mouth shut. He didn't tell a soul. Not even his best girl Pham.

Saturday night Pham came over after dinner to watch movies with Lulu and Tommy. After Pham arrived Lulu went into the kitchen and called Pham for some help. They had a little girl to girl chat to avoid any cat fights. 

Lulu kept her shirt off letting her boobies wiggle and wobble. Pham was amused. Since Pham's boobs were nearly flat she took her shirt off too. 

Tommy wasn't too surprised. He had seen Pham's small honey-brown rack many times before. During the movies Tommy sat in the center of the sofa with Pham and Lulu on either side. From time to time they each had Tommy suck their tits and finger their cunts. Tommy lost his shorts and the girls stroked his cock with their fingers until he came with a huge sploosh. There was more kissing and hugging and carrying on in a friendly threesome.

Movies, popcorn and heavy petting were the order of the evening.

That night, after Tommy walked Pham back home, Lulu and Tommy spent the night in Tommy's bed fucking and sucking. They were getting to know each other and finding that while there was no romance the fucking was good. Lulu had bought a pack of a dozen condoms just on the chance one or two might get used. By Sunday afternoon they were all used up. Tommy and Lulu spent a couple of hours cleaning up the house making certain all evidence of skanky doings had been tossed away in neighbor's trash cans.

Pham came over in the afternoon to finish up with the homework. As before her top went off while they studied. As dessert Tommy sucked her tits and rubbed her kitty until she came. Then Pham gave Tommy a hand job until he splooshed ending with a sweet kiss. 

Lulu was on the phone with a loser ex-boyfriend when they finished. She was not happy, "No. No. No. You can't come over! What part of 'No' do you not understand. I can't have a boyfriend that gets put into jail every Saturday night." Then she hung up.

Tommy walked Pham home. When he got back Lulu and he talked. They knew they had to keep it cool but now they could be friends, good cousins. That would make the parents happy too. Tommy and Lulu hadn't been getting along and now they would.

Tommy's parent's, Walter and Nanne arrived back home after 09:00 o'clock. Lulu and Tommy had made dinner and soon his parents were off to bed. 

While Lulu and Tommy were watching late night TV they heard what sounded like a headboard thumping. Yup, upon exploring Tommy discovered that Walt and Nanne had been humping. He told Lulu and they both smiled.

Late that night, after the tv time was done, Lulu snuck into Tommy's bed. After a quick ride in cowgirl she quietly made for her bedroom and all in the house went off to join the Sandman.

The following week went like a whirl. School, work, homework, Pham visits came and went knocking out the homework. It was a blur until late Friday afternoon.

Friday, before dinner, Walter and Nanne were off on a couple's weekend with church folk. Michael's parents went along too. That meant that Michael was over for Friday and Saturday nights with Lulu babysitting both Tommy and Michael. Two adult males being babysat by a horny wench.

That is a bit like the vixen guarding the horny foxes though. After dinner on Friday the three of them were watching a random PG movie on Netflix. When it was over Lulu put on the R rated made for TV Spartacus. 

When the first sex scene popped up she was rubbing herself and noticed both boys were stroking themselves through their shorts. A bit later Spartacus and his wife were together again just before the Romans showed up to spoil the reunion. Both Michael and Tommy were stroking inside their shorts. Their cockheads were poking out just a bit. Lulu's palms got a little sweaty, her nips went hard and her pussy leaked. She had to go change her panties when that was done.

As the show continued things calmed down a bit. But Lulu was getting hot and bothered with the gladiator training scenes. All that hot male flesh had her in an uproar. Her pussy was itching to be spread and filled with at least one male hammer. Finally, when the fuck fest orgy was going on in the gladiator's cells she noticed that both Tommy and Michael had hard on's inside their shorts and they were stroking.

She motioned to Tommy to come sit with her and then to Michael too. When they were settled on either side of her she whispered for them to drop their shorts and take their dicks out. They blushed and protested slightly but then did as she asked with shy grins. 

Soon Lulu was giving them both hand jobs and teasing their balls. Both their cocks were full-sized pipes. Lulu observed that Tommy's cock was about the same length as Michael's and a bit thicker. He would be a good fucker once he got into life. So would Tommy. Pham might be in for a treat in a year or two thought Lulu. "Maybe I can get a treat tonight?"

The thought of Tommy popping Pham's cherry was almost too much for Lulu to process. 

She decided to set her thoughts into action and upped the ante.

She bent over and licked Tommy's cock and then Michael's. Soon she was on her knees sucking both of them lollipop style. Tommy was moaning. Michael speechless leaning back with his eyes half closed.

Once they both came on themselves Lulu settled down for an hour. 

The boys had gone to the bathroom to wash off, change into jammies and rinse their undies. The show continued. At the next sex scene Lulu had the boys undo her blouse and then her bra letting her boobs have freedom. They were both working on her gurls, shoulders, neck and lips following her directions and then their own natural inclination. They were slow and uncertain but needed little encouragement. It was a grand experiment. Lulu was a great teacher and a willing subject of attention. One thing was for certain, her nipples were enjoying the attention.

The Church of Lulu was in worship.

Soon her panties were off and Lulu was on the floor. Tommy worked her lips and tits while Michael spread her thighs, ate her out and then stuck his half Indian cock deep inside. He was more than a little excited and came too soon for Lulu. He allowed that he had been a virgin. She was pissed off about that. Not too much though. The night was young. She knew that there would be more fucking for her.

The lads switched places and Tommy did the deed until Lulu finished. Then Tommy got her sticky with his cream. To his and her surprise it came back quickly and he did her again with her on top and her tits wobbling in his face within reach of fingers and lips. Lulu finished again just as Tommy splooshed. By this time Michael had recharged. He split Lulu wide open and pumped her until she moaned and came. Splish, splash, boom-boom, splish, splash. Lulu was moaning like a banshee wind.

"Good thing I went to the pharmacy and bought more condoms" she thought.

Now the family room smelled of sex wax. Tommy, Michael and Lulu all had combined their horny scents to make a heady perfume. There were some wet spots around where Lulu's ass had been. She went to the bathroom to clean up and the boys went to the kitchen to wipe themselves again. When they got back together they wiped up the floor and destroyed the evidence. The lad's dicks were swinging making happy thoughts in their heads.

Lulu reappeared dressed, minus a bra, now. That meant her jade gate was shut for the night. Her face was pink. Under her blouse her nipples were sore from the wonderful attention.

Now it was late and they all tumbled into Tommy's bed to sleep. The lads were wearing jammie shorts and Lulu her gym shorts with a boy's basketball shirt. They slept the sleep of the contented.

Come morning the lads each fucked with horny Lulu once before breakfast in another tag team threesome. Each lad got her once. Michael took her in missionary. Tommy finished her off in cowgirl and then finished himself off in doggy.

Then it was breakfast. All three of them worked getting it put together and the food was soon ready.

At 9 o'clock Lulu had to split for work. They boys had chores at their homes which they did together to speed up the process. Zip zap and it was done.

Pham came over from across the street after lunch which was normal on a Saturday. They played board games among the three of them. Pham kicked ass and beat them both in RISK. Since she had won she got to pick a prize. With no adults in the house, Pham chose each of the boys to show her their cock and balls. She flicked each dick with a finger just to see it move. Cheap thrills. This had happened before. Kids are kids. She had seen her parents fuck before. So much for that.

The boys zipped back up and started a new game.

Pham and Tommy had a thing going that when there weren't any adults around. She would take her top off showing off her nearly flat boobs and dark brown Laotian knockers. Being Laotian her tits were small but her nipples were normal sized for a now 16 year old young woman. Tender and sweet as both Tommy and Michael had discovered. No big deal since the boys had seen them before. In fact, once or twice she had let the boys fondle them briefly in a group feel-up.
