 Having disposed of our clothes and rushed through the preliminaries, I bury my face in your sex. It's hot, sweet and very musky smelling - a sure sign that you're fertile tonight. Slowly licking the place where thighs, labia majora and taint come together, I move in to your swollen outer lips and tease them with lazy figure 8's up & down the sides, then across your glistening slit - avoiding any pink including your overly swollen clitoris. I take the edge of your right labia gently in my lips and roughly lick the very edge of the pink. I suck the whole lip into my mouth abruptly and suck hard until it's plump and sensitive (occasionally letting my tongue flash rudely over your clit), finally pulling it out of my mouth with a firm tug. I do the same for your left lip, before moving on to running nice slow circles all around the perimeter of your pink. 

Stretching your wet pink lips open (still avoiding your burning clit), I rudely jam my tongue deep in your hole swirling it around the inner walls, paying extra attention to your salty pee hole. I slowly lick you up and down from the very edge of your G-spot, over your pee hole, and finally to the very base of your clit, giving it a firm little nudge each time. I manage to avoid your bucking, your desperate attempt to get my mouth on your fiery clit. When I get back to your sensitive piss slit, I run tiny circles around it with my rough tongue, then angrily flick it across the all too sensitive opening. You jump, and I drink the few rouge drops of your urine you pass. With your pee hole nicely sensitized, I slither my sandpaper tongue back up to your angry clit. I run w-i-I-i=-I-de sl-o-o-o-w circles around it, going deep up into your upper folds and pausing at the bottom of it each time. I run my tongue firmly around the base of you clit (still deliberately avoiding the shaft and tip) and enjoy your deep moans of desire - your begging for more. I continue to run my tongue around and around, flicking it rudely twice across the tip, then completely around the sides, pressing deeply into the root & base. 

Your first orgasm catches me by surprise and I have to fight your convulsing body to maintain the rhythm that got you here to begin with. As the waves of pleasure begin to ebb, I slow down my attack on your clitoris. I continue gentle random patterns on your clit and the surrounding area, allowing you time to catch your breath. Tenderly, I take your enraged clit completely in my lips and slowly circle the tip. Firmly sucking it into my mouth and pausing for a bit only to suck it hard and deep, swelling it and sensitizing it further. 

I resume licking, now using my *whole* tongue violently on the entire bud. Over the edge again, this time without any warning, your back is arched, you're gasping for breath, and have my head locked firmly between your legs. This orgasm blends right into your next one and this time I'm treated to a small gush of your hot sweet lady cum. I drink down what I can catch, and run my tongue down and around your already inflamed pee hole seeking every drop. I grind my nose into your clit while my tongue is busy down South, further working your urethral meatus in a strangely erotic way. 

As things settle a little, I get busy back on your clit. This time I'm sucking it harder, running my tongue around the base and fully de-hooding it - a rare treat for any woman. This seldom exposed area (an area rarely even seen by a washcloth in most women) is often glued together with thick yeast-like smegma. I clean you thoroughly with my tongue, savoring the taste of the repulsive substance. I gently slide my teeth down it's shaft, using them to push the hood tissues further away, then allowing me to suck it totally free from it's hoodly prison. This blows your mind and after some serious teasing, sends you violently into your next orgasm. It's one of the most intense ever as evidenced by the urine mixed in with your sweet lady nectar, which I still greedily accept. I slide my hands up your sides to your warm quivering breasts and firmly squeeze your nipples; I know you're deep orgasm - there's no reaction even when I dig my razor sharp fingernails cruelly deep into your nipple flesh. More than a mouthful, I swallow all I can - rubbing my nose deep against your clitty in my tongue's absence. My tongue is busy flicking across your jetting meatus; this makes my hardness ache and drool precum. 

Orgasm subsided, I gently slide 2 fingers into your warm slippery love hole, finding and teasing your G-spot and tender cervix. I firmly rub your engorged G-spot in a beckoning rubbing motion with one finger, and run tender circles around your cervix with the other. As your next orgasm starts to build, you bask in the mind-reeling sensations of G-spot and those erotic sweet, vague, rhythmic cervical cramps; building and building... This climax is taking a while longer (a sign you're getting tired or going to cum 'til it squirts out of your ears) but when it comes, you almost breaks my fingers and drown me! Holy fucking shit!! You're bucking like a wild bronco, yelling some of the filthiest things ever at the top of your lungs, your vice like legs crushing my ears and drawing my face deeper into your throbbing, overheated sex. Unleashing the entire contents of you bladder in my face, I'm powerless to move down to accept your golden nectar directly so I savor what I can in my mouth, nose and eyes. The burning in my eyes is so erotic it makes my cock twitch, releasing [read:wasting] even more precum on the sheets. 

As much as I want to keep going, pleasuring you in ways no other man can, when things begin to wind down, you try to push my head away croaking out a hoarse "Please [gasp, gasp], stop [gasp], STOOOOOOP --I need a brea-breaaak, pleeEeEeAsE"!!! I reluctantly pull away and sit up to inspect the damage, continuing to gently rub your pubic mound. You pull me up to your face for a kiss; tasting your juices in my mouth mixed with my saliva. My rock hard penis rests against your raw overheated sex. God it's *so* fucking tempting! Baby tonight maybe?......