 "What do you think?" 

I looked up. 

As my eyes rose, I immediately noticed her bare thighs; so, before I even got to her upper body I relaxed slightly. 

She was wearing a white, almost Oxford-style shirt, somewhat tight across her large tits, and she had my monochromatic gray late-'90s Who-Wants-To-Be-A-Millionaire tie on. The tip ended in the delightful V of her panties. She had her collar unbuttoned enough that I could see her neck - and also could see that she wasn't wearing a bra.

My jaw must have hit the ground. "You like?" I nodded. "Uh..." was all I could manage. In retrospect, her outfit had more than a little hint of Liv Tyler-Alicia Silverstone in the strip club/make-out scene from Aerosmith's "Crazy" video.

All I knew was that, yes, I liked it. I rather fancied it a lot. I felt blood rush south as I rose up. I slowly walked across the room. She rolled her eyes. "Oh, please - I don't look THAT hot, I... mmpph!" I cut her off with a harder-than-I'd-intended kiss and at the same time pulled on the bun at the back of her head, releasing her curls. 

I spun her around as I very quickly stripped off my clothes down to my boxers. I gave her shoulder a gentle shove. "Now?" she almost whined. "Please, yes, now" I answered and we were walking down the hall.

I know she asked me a question about the photo-shoot: she intended on getting some pictures of us to send to our friends and family to celebrate the engagement. I also know I was staring at her superb bottom and trying not to tear her panties off until we got to the bedroom. At the very most, I grunted, and before we got to the end of the bed, I was rock hard.

When she turned to admire herself in the mirror, I was beyond smitten - I needed to take her right there and I could see from her devilish smile that she was quite proud to have inspired such a need. I pulled her panties down and then off. I spun her around as she moaned slightly and mumbled "Oh, let me take yours off, first" but when I bent her over and ran my hand over her ass, she stopped complaining. 

My middle finger plunged down and across her slit, which felt moist. I tapped on the outside of her lips. She twisted around to kiss me, but I firmly pressed her back down with my left arm. She was bent over and although I considered smacking her ass, instead I gently but firmly penetrated her slightly with my finger. She groaned. "Oh, yes, you're already wet. Good." I gently sawed my finger in and out, and then, finding conditions very hospitable, inserted it up to my knuckle and curled it around. 

Her wet and firm walls needed some more attention. I massaged firmly and steadily as her shoulders lowered. My other hand left her upper back and she started to rise up as I took my boxer briefs off. I pushed her back down and worked my by-now-nearly-dripping finger in and out several times as she tried to muffle a squeal.

This time, she rose up with more passion and strength. I was too busy savoring her to stop her, even though I'd wanted to take her from behind. The tie was thrown over her left shoulder. She looked down and saw the purple head of my cock jutting up obscenely at her. She dropped toward her knees. 

As much as I love her oral talents, I wanted her pussy walls around him now. "You're wet enough, baby, I don't need you to..." but half a second later my ass was planted on the bed and I sprawled out in ecstasy. When she worked it, she really worked it. 

I stared at the ceiling and considered myself the luckiest man in the world. I pushed myself up on my elbows and again stared at her shirt/tie combo, as well as her hollowed-out cheeks. Fuck! It was agony and ecstasy. I needed her to keep sucking but I needed to fuck her so badly. I put my arms out to raise her up and turn her around but she shook her head - all while keeping my happy cock in her mouth. "Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck" I groaned and lay back down. 

A couple more minutes of this and I felt my balls just barely start to signal they were getting ready. With her usual good timing, she practically jumped on me, both sets of her wet lips contacting me, my cock sliding down over her pussy in a luscious embrace. There were noisy smacking sounds from both ends of our bodies. 

The head of my cock tried to subtly inch in. We both vibrated while enjoying the heat of each other's passion. I slowly pulled her off me and stood up. She turned to face me, parting her legs almost in a challenge. "You want to see me baby? You want to see the tie I stole?" I nodded, then parted her legs more, saw her wet little pussy, and advanced. I somehow managed to rip open a condom and got in on in seconds flat. 

The feeling of entering her was spectacular. I was porn-star hard, she was porn-star wet. Her tunnel gripped me but had enough give that I could move up on her easily. "Do me, baby" she said but I didn't need an invitation. I absolutely blasted her sweet little pussy, leaning backwards to hit her g spot and almost lifting her off the bed with my dick, which was apparently trying to win an Olympic medal.

Even though I wanted to stop, turn her around and take her from behind while I gripped her tie, I lacked the willpower to extricate myself from her pulsing (yes, god bless her, pulsing) wet hole. "Give me that dick, baby, give me your cuuuuuuuuuuuum, give it to me!" she shouted. I obliged, and was amazed to find myself still rock-hard and eager to plunge in some more. 

I think it was the fact that I didn't slow down at all that caused it. Maybe it was the kiss I gave her while I exploded into her precious depths, or that I had hooked my arm under her and squeezed her ass. But something about the brutal way I was taking her caused her to lock her legs around my ass, pull the head of my cock in and scratch my back as she bucked around on the bed, trying as hard with her lower body to throw me off as her upper body was at absorbing my mouth. She bit my lip and I briefly saw how red her cheeks had become. She came, hard. 

Several minutes went by as I lay on top of her, supporting my weight so she could relax.

"Oh, baby... I gotta try on your stuff more often" she eventually offered.

I replied "Only if you want to be ravaged like that every time." We laughed. I pulled my cock out of her and saw her thick juices on me. That was one of the reasons I liked wearing a condom - so I could see just how wet I made her. "That's ALL me?" she said in amazement. I nodded. "Yup, you have such a naughty, wet, delicious and amazing pussy, baby." She beamed proudly - or maybe it was the glow from her orgasm.

"You're still hard, baby, did you come?" she asked, eyes widening. "I came, baby, but I'm ready again. I can't believe how hard you make me." This time, I got to flip her over and smack her ass. When her legs locked me into place and she reached around to squeeze my thigh, I knew I had found a little piece of heaven. I was never gonna let her go.