 Her ass was facing the window. It was heart-shaped with an exaggerated thickness. Her legs had the same, pneumatic shapeliness as they hunkered wide in her kneeling position on top of the bed. Ford was studying her reflection in the large, hotel window. Distant city lights flickered through the dark crease where her rimhole and slit would be if he turned around to face her. Then there was his own, naked reflection off to the side, his hand slowly moving up and down the rigid stalk of cockflesh in his fist.

"Mister? Can I move yet?"

"May I."

"'Scuse me?"

"May I move. Not can I. Of course you can. What you're asking for is permission, not confirmation of your ability to do so."

"Are you always this big an asshole, Mister?"

He turned back into the room. He'd been wrong. It was too dim to see the intimate details hidden in the shadowy cleft between her slightly parted cheeks. Her face and improbably large breasts were mashed against the mattress, but he couldn't see them from this angle.

"Normally I'm just a medium asshole, but lets say you inspire me."

"Lucky me."

Ford chuckled. He crossed back to the bed and sat on the edge, cock still rippling in his grip. "Are you getting stiff?"

"A little, yeah."

"Can you hang in there a little while longer?"

"You're really gonna make me earn that thousand bucks, aren't you?"

He let go of his cock and placed his hand on the inside of her thigh, stroking her softly as he lay his cheek against the warmth of one, broad ass cheek. He closed his eyes and inhaled as deeply as his body allowed. His senses bloomed with the manifold aromas of ass, pussy, thighs. Sweat and girl honey. Viscous fluid oozed from the bulbous tip of his cock.

"You've got the money. You're free to go anytime you please. I didn't ask you here to make you nervous or uncomfortable.

"I'm okay, I guess. A little scared, maybe, but not in a bad way."

"That's good. Then you may not move. Not yet."

"Okay, Mister."

He kissed her asshole briefly. Tenderly. The way a man first kisses the lips of a woman he knows he's falling in love with but doesn't know if she feels the same way. He touched her bare pussy at the same time. Her lips were thick and just beginning to grow damp.

Ford smiled to himself and lay down across the bed on his side, his face just a few inches from hers. Her cheek was pressed against the mattress and her dark hair was covering most of her face. He reached to brush the wild strands aside.

"Is there someone who calls you precious?" he asked.

"Not currently, sir, no."

"That doesn't seem right. But I like it. Very much. Tonight I'll call you precious, if that's acceptable."

"For a thousand bucks you can call me Queen Victoria."

He laughed a lot. She laughed a little. Then he stroked her face, studying its rounded lines and the chocolate eyes so full of curious suspicion.

"If I did that I'd lose my hard on," he told her.

"Oh? You mean...?"

He gave her smile, then leaned in and kissed the exposed half of her mouth in the same, tender way he'd kissed her asshole a moment before. He sat up and knelt on his haunches in front of her face, letting his rigid cock bob and strut a few inches from her. He gripped his shank in his fist and slowly jacked himself.

"So obviously...um...yes. I'm hard. For you. The moment I saw you at the botanical center I nearly imploded. You were bursting out of those stupidly tight shorts and tank top. God, your fucking body. And that bright smile and mischievous eyes. I couldn't just let you walk away without a word."

"I thought you were a freak when you offered me the money for...this."

"I am a freak, I suppose. But I promise to keep the worst of me in check."

"If you say so. Um...are we gonna...? I mean, are you gonna...ya know? Do it?"

"Oh yes," he sighed. He kept stroking his cock close enough to her face to feel the warmth of her breath on his flesh. He might've been happy just to kneel there and jack himself into oblivion while she merely breathed on his balls, but he kept thinking of the way she'd been leaning onto a fence rail when he'd spotted her. "But I want to feel your mouth on me. Not for the money. Only if you want to. Something separate from the deal."

"Bring it closer, Mister."

He shuffled forward and touched her lips with the head of his cock. Her tongue slithered out and lapped at the wet tip. Half her mouth was unavailable with her face pressed into the sheet, but the wet lash of her tongue resonated through his entire body. He made a sound half groan, half sigh.

"If you let me move I can suck it really good for you, Mister. I'm real good at it. I love doing it, too. I could..."

He cut her off with a swift, hard spank on her left ass cheek. She never saw it coming and made a muffled chirping sound when his hand landed.

"Just, please, lick me again like you did."

"You gonna spank me like that again?"

"You know I will."

"Harder?"

"That depends on you."

"Okay, Mister. Bring me back that cock."

Ford held his swollen prick in his left hand, pushing it back toward her mouth while he gently massaged the spanked place on her flank with his right. He stroked himself while her tongue lashed out again and lapped around his dome. It was about as much as she could manage from the position she was in, but it was enough just to feel her saliva touch him. Her breath.

He started to lose himself and smacked her ass again. Harder than before. Gripping his cock, he rubbed his shank over her face, feeling skin, hair and breath touch him like a revelation. He rained a few light, playful slaps with his cock against her face and smacked her ass hard again.

Her mouth was open, tongue out and flicking at the air. Taunting him. Egging him on to bring his dome back to her lips. He caved, and dragged his cock head back across her lips while her tongue flashed at every spot of rigid flesh she could reach. But after a few moments he backed off, afraid of losing his focus to end up indulging the crass luxury of jerking himself off into her mouth.

He leaned over and kissed the side of her face. "Do people tell you you're beautiful?"

"Sometimes, I guess. A few have. 'Course most of 'em had their dicks in my mouth at the time."

His lips were still touching her face. "Well, I do not presently have my dick in your mouth, as much as I'd like to, and I can tell you the whole reason I looked at your ass a second time in the gardens today was because of your face. And maybe that's why I wanted to spank you so bad, not just because your half naked ass was begging for it, but to admonish you for having an ass like that and a face like this at the same time. Do you understand what a rarity you are?"

"Now you're just fucking with me. Get on with it if you're gonna spank me. But enough of the talking like an asshole, okay? That wasn't part of the bargain. Just the spanking stuff."

He reared back where he could take in the upturned side of her face. His hand wove into her hair and closed into a fist, holding tight without pulling. Just letting her know he had her by the mane.

"Lets just clarify our arrangement," he said. "You get to get up and walk out of here, keeping the money, anytime you feel the need to get the fuck away from an asshole like me. Who'd blame you, right? Otherwise, I'm gonna spank your big, delectable ass until I feel like I've gotten my thousand bucks' worth. You're going to tell me when it's too hard or too soft, and you're going to tell me if it's too much and you need me to stop. And I'm gonna say what I fucking please, understand? I'll fucking tell you what I think, while I'm thinking it, and if it pleases me to tell you I fucking love you like I love my own heartbeat then I fucking will. Deal?"

"Yeah, okay. I guess so. It's your thousand bucks. You got a dirty mouth, Mister."

"You have no idea, but I'm about to give you a hint."

He let go of her hair and moved off, getting back onto his feet. Standing directly behind her, he cocked his arm back and swung it across her ass three times in a row. Stroking his aching cock with his left, he reached between her open thighs with the right, sliding along her satin-smooth skin until he was touching her pussy. She was much slicker than the first time he'd felt her. His fingers slipped over her lips, giving her a brief, grinding massage until his fingers were soaked with her froth.

He dragged slick fingers upward along her cleft until he was touching her rimhole. He smeared the tiny ring with her own juices, then leaned over and licked her thoroughly.

"Fuck, Mister. That's dirty."

"Are you referring to my mouth or your asshole?" he said, dragging more of her pussy nectar across her starbud. She started to say something but it choked off when he started licking her rim again, this time pushing a couple of his fingers into her sheath at the same time.

It wasn't long before the girl was uttering whimpering groans and rocking her hips. Ford eventually backed away and stood upright again. He brought his open hand across each side of her ass several more times. Her skin was beginning to flush. There were tiny spots that glistened where the fingers he'd pulled from her pussy left smears of her juice. There were smears on her upper thighs as well, drawing his attention to her pussy.

"Precious," he said, "Miss Blowjob Queen of whatever Podunk shithole you come from. He gave her half a dozen hard swats to each side. His hand was probably beginning to sting more than her ass. "Precious and beautiful."

He stepped closer, gripping his cock and rubbing the head along the wet furrow of her slit. "I'm going to fuck you now, okay?"

"Fuck, yes, fuck."

"And I'm going to keep spanking you while I pump your delectable body full of hard dick. Okay?"

"Just shut up and fuck me for chrissakes!"

"You're an eager little slut, aren't you?"

He started to push his cock into her pussy, grinding himself into the wet clench of a hole so tight it nearly felt like her body was trying to push him back out. She moaned and arched her spine inward, lifting her ass and pussy a little more.

"So fucking precious," Ford groaned, finally pushing the full length of his cock into her hole. He held still, feeling the pulse of his own cock trapped within her broiling heat and smacked her ass on the right side.

"What's your name?" He drew his cock backward, thrusting back inside again.

"M-M-Missy."

"Fuck."

Ford began pumping his cock in and out of Missy's pussy with hard, steady lunges, putting his whole body into the motion. His hands flailed, spanks becoming spastic and irregular but with a force that grew along with the force of his cock thrusts.

Every time his hand connected with the girl's ass her pussy clenched around his driving cock. He finally reached under her and started rubbing her clit while he fucked her. She rippled and shuddered all along her inner walls, clasping unmercifully at his cock until his whole body went rigid, lifting up on his toes while a freight train of sensation rushed through his extremities and he realized a jolting load of spunk was ripping through his cockshaft deep into Missy's pussy.

He kept fucking her even after he was drained, gradually slowing, she gradually slowing along with him. He held her by the hips through the winding down. For a moment, it felt as if they were dancing.

When he finally disengaged himself from her pussy, he lay down beside her on the bed. She let her body stretch out and sighed heavily as she flexed out the stiffness. Then she turned onto her side. They were facing each other now. Ford shifted closer, wanting to feel her heavy breasts against his body. Then he touched her face.

"I meant that precious stuff," he told her softly. "And the beautiful stuff." He paused a moment. Her eyes looked glazed but she was tracking him. "And I want to kiss you. I mean really kiss you."

"Is that part of the thousand bucks?"

"No."

"Okay, then. Go on ahead."

He pressed his lips to hers. They were supple and warm. Their mouths opened and their tongues met. It was deep yet lazy. There was a kind of extravagant luxury about her mouth that matched her entire body. He kissed her for a long time, eventually moving to kiss her face, her eyelids, her throat.

As soon as he could peel his lips away from her skin, he was going to ask her to stay the night. He knew she would be even more precious to him the next day. They could be walking through that huge, surreal city where they were both foreign visitors. They could buy some roast duck on the street. He would look at her in broad daylight and think of being inside her. He would think of her carrying his cum in her body everywhere they went. He would hear the sound his hand made striking her spectacular ass.

He would touch her like he owned her if she let him.