 I.

Toni was bored! Her husband just left for yet another 3-day business trip and she was alone for another long weekend. Being an empty-nester, she rattled around in the big, empty house. The kids were busy doing their own thing with their own kids. She needed to do something fun.

She'd always been a party girl, even after her marriage. Her husband, Bob, wasn't so much the party guy, so it was a good match. He was the serious one, so each added something that the other needed. She got him out on the dance floor, and he kept her focused on reality.

Even after the kids came, Toni still liked to go out and party on weekends, often dragging the reluctant Bob along, but sometimes just with "the girls".

Now, in her mid 50's, she still had the twenty-something mindset, but few of her friends could now match her sense of adventure, much less her energy. Bob had always been the love of her life, but even he no longer matched her energy level and often was simply too tired after a long day of work for intimacy.

She needed some action. She had a plan beginning to form in her mind. She poured herself a large glass of wine and sat down at her computer. She'd been kind of flirting with someone she'd met online on a social media service. She knew he was a writer, and had actually sent him some "naughty" photos of her. He seemed very interested in her, mostly because she was well endowed and he made comments about her "rack". She loved the attention. After all, it was just some harmless online fun, right.

Toni was restless. The wine was having an effect on her, as she knew it would. It was making her bolder. She decided to flirt with writer, Percy. She knew that he wrote under a pseudonym due to the genre he worked in; erotic fiction. She'd even read a couple of his works. They made her hot!

Most of what Percy wrote had to do with men subjugating women, usually involving sexual slavery and often with underage girls, but the sex scenes were graphic and Toni, secretly, enjoyed fantasizing about being "taken" forcefully. Mostly she thought about being taken by Bob, but occasionally, in the safety of her imagination, she thought about what it would be like. Certainly not a violent rape. That would be painful and dangerous, but the idea of being someone's sex slave was titillating at least. She sometimes fantasized about Bob coming home in a bad mood, seeing her, and becoming aroused. 

She thought about him marching her up to the bedroom, ordering her to strip and shoving her onto the bed. She dreamed about what it would be like to have him on top of her, forcing her legs apart, forcing himself into her unlubricated vagina; him hard as rock, her arms pinned on either side of her head as he did what he wanted to her as she moaned and cried underneath him.

When he was done with her, he would simply collapse on top of her and doze for several minutes, and when he woke up, he'd get hard and take her again. Afterwards they would sit on the bed and he would apologize for being so rough, and she would of course forgive him, and maybe later on he'd put his finger on her clitoris and bring her to a climax. This would all be on a Friday night, of course, so they could spend Saturday morning in bed like newlyweds!

This was what had occasionally gone through Toni's mind when she exchanged emails with Percy. He, too, was being flirty. She took a huge risk sending the photos to him, but she was never a risk avoider, especially when it came to erotic things. She had sent Percy a photo of her wearing a tank top, nestling a beer bottle in her cleavage. He had actually responded asking her for a similar photo without the tank top! She giggled. Like she would ever send a stranger a photo of her topless. Right?

The wine was definitely having an effect on her by now, and she found herself actually considering the prospect of someone she hardly knew having a photo of her breasts. She admitted to herself it was fun to have someone want her that couldn't have her. I mean, she would never cheat on Bob, right? Of course that train of thought got her thinking about her needs again, and the fact that Bob seemed to be getting older faster than she. She still had the same needs, physically, emotionally, sexually, even if she didn't exactly have the same body, but for a woman of her age and having had kids, she thought she looked pretty good. Granted, she was way past the bikini part of her life, but she still looked damned good in a nightgown. Even if sex mostly took place in the dark now, and mostly once or twice a month if she caught Bob in a good mood, she felt that she was still a desirable woman and liked to be validated by someone who didn't have to say it!

At the end of the first glass of wine, Percy was beginning to be more intriguing than ever. She emailed some suggestive things to him, and he replied in kind. He never claimed to be married, in fact he posted his relationship as "complicated". That wasn't married, because marriage was pretty definite. 

Toni decided to be a bit more risqué and sent Percy a note that if he absolutely guaranteed, in writing, not to show the photo to anyone else, she'd send him one of her topless. She could feel herself becoming aroused even as she thought about the note, and the arousal grew as she typed the note. Moments later came back the response she was afraid of. Percy absolutely, positively, swore on a bible that he would show the photo to no one, upon penalty of lawsuit.

There! Now the ball was in her court. What would she do? First of all, she'd need to refill her wine glass.

Toni came back to her computer with a full glass. She also had her camera. Would she? Could she? Should she? Probably; definitely; absolutely not!

She took her laptop and wine upstairs to her bedroom and sat at her dressing table. She took off her shirt, then her bra, and let both fall on the floor. The angle of the mirror was such that one could not see her tummy, which certainly didn't look as good sitting as standing. So she stood up and looked again. Nope; definitely no tummy in the shot. She picked up the camera and aimed. She cropped the shot so that it the camera stayed in front of her face, and the picture was from just below her breasts and up. She took the shot, then she quickly grabbed her robe and sat back down at the table and opened her laptop.

She took the memory card out of the camera, transferred the photo to the computer, then deleted it from the memory card. She put the card back into the camera and opened the shot. There they were, just as God made 'em. Certainly not perky, of course they never had been since they "came in" but not nearly as saggy as they might be. All in all, pretty nice for an old gal.

She took a big swallow of wine and sent the photo to Percy.

She waited and waited for his response. She could picture him sitting at his computer, somewhere, smiling as her photo opened up. Suddenly, she was embarrassed; ashamed of what she'd done, but she was also curious about his response.

Then it came. "WOW" was all it said. Then, "I may have to have this framed on hung over my bed." Now she was really red. She could picture Percy laying on his back, looking up at her bare breasts (maybe even masturbating thinking about her). He wanted her, how great was that?

Toni's inhibitions were mostly washed away by the wine by now and she responded, "want to meet?" She sat there for over a minute before hitting "send".

"I'd love to, but no" came the response. "I never meet people. You know what I write. I don't want people to know who I am, just in case they get offended. You understand." She did, but she wasn't in a mood to be dissuaded.

"I want to meet you. You know what I look like. It's only fair" she wrote. It took over fifteen minutes for the reply to arrive.

"What do you suggest?" he asked.

Toni took a deep breath and wrote, "my husband's out of town until Tuesday." She was so nervous she almost forgot to breathe.

"You want me to come to your house??" he wrote. "Do you really think that's a good idea? For someone you don't really know to know where you live? I'm intrigued! Just so we're on the same page, what are you thinking?"

She sat there, stunned at her own brazenness, not totally sure what she was actually interested in from this stranger. First of all, he knew who she really was because she used her real name on her Facebook page. Second, he could find out where she lived pretty easily with just a bit of research, so that really wasn't an issue, but what if he wasn't at all what she thought? What if he was really like one of his characters and he hurt her? In the end, she took a deep breath, and another big gulp of wine and wrote, "do you want to touch them?" and hit "send".

The response came back shortly, "OMG, I want to do more than touch them. I want to touch each of your nipples with my tongue, and slowly suck as much of each breast into my mouth as I can. Then I want to shove you onto your bed, naked, and take you, roughly. Would you like that?"

Toni was beginning to breathe rapidly. She noticed that she was actually becoming aroused. She took another sip of wine and typed, "tell me more".

"I would explore your magnificent breasts while standing, with my hands, my mouth, my tongue; I would suck your nipples into my mouth over my teeth, then shove you backwards onto your bed. Then I would spread your legs, roughly, and sit between them. I would order you to put your arms at your sides, and then I would shove my middle finger deeply into your vagina, not even touching your clitoris. I would pull my finger out and let it rub your clitoris briefly on its way out, just to tease you. Then I would guide the head of my rock solid boner between your legs and shove it in, deeply. I would lay on top of you, pinning your arms at your sides with my arms, and penetrate you completely, not at all caring that you might be in some pain. In fact, I wouldn't even say a word to you until I was finished, the first time. Questions?"

Toni was sweating. She was breathing heavily. She typed in her address and said, "how soon can you be here?" She wanted him. She wanted him now. She needed him to come to her house right this minute and do exactly what he'd described.

"20 min" came the response. He wasn't that far away!

"Hurry" she replied, and pushed herself away from the table in horror at the events she'd just set into motion.

Twenty minutes later there was a knock at the door and Toni almost passed out. She was terrified and she was aroused. She was already wet from just reading the email, but could she go through with this? She knew that as soon as she opened the door, the dominoes would begin to fall, and she'd have to live with herself for the rest of her live.

She was also drunk and very horny.

She opened the door and smiled. The man standing before her looked younger than she. He was wearing a snug-fitting polo shirt and khaki slacks. He was about an inch taller than her, but appeared to be in much better shape.

She stood there looking at him, and he simply walked in and shut the door. Now she was alone in the house with a man she hardly knew, if she even really knew him at all, and both of them knew he was there for sex.

"Upstairs, now" he ordered her quietly. He was taking charge. This was going to happen. Toni didn't move. She grasped her robe closed with her hand and looked at the man. "Let's go" he said and gave her a gentle shove towards the stairs. She started moving, as if in a dream. Her head was spinning from the wine, and her crotch was damp. Every square inch of her skin was alive and tingling.

As she mounted the stairs, she felt the man, Percy (really?), put his hand on her rump and give her a squeeze. This was going to happen! This man was in her house to have sex with her.

At the top of the stairs, he gave her another gentle shove and she walked into her bedroom and stopped. Before she could turn around, she felt his hands on her shoulders. He moved close to her, his lips touched her neck and she almost fainted. "Do what you're told and I won't hurt you" he whispered. All she could get her body to do was nod her head. She was petrified.

He continued to kiss her neck and she shivered. He reached around her waist and untied the belt of her robe, then he moved his hands back to her shoulders and slid the robe off. It fell to the floor. "Please turn out the lights" she asked. He reached behind him and flipped down the switch. Now the only light in the room was from the hallway.

Toni felt his strong hands grasp her shoulders and spin her around. She stood there, shakily, facing her email friend. She looked into his eyes and he smiled. Slowly, he dropped to his knees and pulled down her pants and panties. Without warning, he shoved his middle finger into her vagina and held it there. She gasped and he yanked it out.

"Please don't hurt me" she said quietly.

He stood, said "as long as you cooperate, I won't" and shoved her backward onto the bed. She lay there watching him as he peeled off his shirt revealing fit if not muscular torso. Looking her straight in the eyes, he dropped his slacks and she could see his erection poking out of his briefs. It was big. He pulled down his underwear and walked to the bed. She backed away from the edge as he climbed on.

"Are you going to wear a condom?" she asked sheepishly as he climbed onto the bed.

"I have no diseases and cannot get you pregnant. Do I need a condom?" he asked. Toni shook her head and lay it down on the bed, staring at the ceiling. Percy sat by her feet, facing her. He grasped her ankles and quickly spread her legs very wide. Toni put her hands over her eyes, but didn't say anything. Percy moved himself up toward her crotch. When he touched the insides of her thighs with his knees, he lifted her legs under the knees until her feet were flat on the bed. Knowing she was already very wet, he guided the tip of his penis into her waiting vagina and stopped.

Toni felt the warmth of his erection inside her, but only just a bit. She was so ready for him she heard herself say, "more". 

"Put your arms by your sides" he ordered her quietly. She complied. He leaned forward, resting on his elbows, his arms effectively pinning hers at her sides and thrust himself into her waiting vagina. The abruptness of the penetration made Toni gasp. She felt his hardness and the force with which he entered her and filled her completely. His head dropped onto a breast and he began sucking forcefully. She thought he was going to suck the nipple right off at first, then he let it drop out and fell onto the other side. He sucked her nipple into his mouth, over his teeth and it made her gasp again. He was able to suck a great deal of her large breasts into his mouth and it felt great. All this time, his rigid shaft was simply inside of her and not moving. Then it began to move.

He was pulling almost all the way out and shoving back in roughly, as expected. He was not being subtle at all. He was taking her; he was hurting her a little, but he was fully in charge up there. She lay there, passively and looked at his face. He wasn't smiling and he was looking down at her. She couldn't read his expression, but he was looking right at her, pumping away. He dropped his face to her neck and bit her quickly, not hard enough to leave a long-lasting mark.

He moved his arms from hers and put his left under her neck. Then dropped his mouth onto hers, forcing her lips apart and his tongue in, his right hand resting on her left breast. He squeezed the breast, he squeezed the nipple, he touched the roof of her mouth with his tongue, and Toni turned her head to the side and came, loudly. "Ooof; ooof, oooh!" 

An instant later, what little consciousness she had left felt the warmth of Percy ejaculating into her. It seemed like he came a great deal, and loudly as well.

And then all was quiet. Percy lay his head on his arm, facing her ear. The room was spinning and Toni was struggling to marshal her thoughts about what had just happened.

Percy lay still, on top of Toni for what seemed like a long time. It was possible that she dozed/passed out at some point for a short while, but when she awoke again, Percy's hand was again fondling her breast, rolling her nipple between his fingers, and his erection was growing inside of her still wet vagina.

He raised his head and took her other breast into his mouth. She felt his penis respond with enthusiasm at that point and his hips began to move him within her, once again. Twice in one hour! She was going to be sore tomorrow. 

Tomorrow! What the hell was she doing? Maybe the wine was beginning to wear off, but she was suddenly horrorstruck by her situation. She had let a strange man into her house, into her body! She was having unprotected sex with someone she'd met online! She was endangering her wellbeing if not her life, and cheating on her husband. What was wrong with her?

She lay there considering her situation and what, if anything, she should do. Percy was back up to speed and pumping on her much more slowly and gently this time. Kissing, caressing, touching her everywhere. Now his hand is on her breast, now it's moving down her side to her hips, now it's underneath grasping her bottom. He was sliding out and in on a rhythmic basis, running his hand over her body, his tongue exploring her mouth. It felt good, physically, to have a strong, firm man, hard as stone between her legs, kissing her, fondling her. It was certainly more than just the physical act he performed the first time.

Emotionally was another story. Toni thought about betraying her husband and began to cry. Suddenly her mind wished he'd stop, but her body wanted him to finish first, so she could experience his climax inside her again, her mind focused again on the act of unprotected sex! He was squirting God-knows-what into her body. Sure, he claimed to be disease-free, but so did she. He was as much taking her word as she was his, and neither of them knew the other.

As far as either of them knew, each engaged is such activities on a regular basis and lied. 

Percy pulled on her legs and lifted them onto his back. She hooked her ankles and his hand went back to her ass. He increased his penetration and she let out a moan. It really felt good to be desired; sought out. She was reveling in his attention, at the same time panicking from the ramifications of the act. 

His hand came back to her substantial bosom and held her tightly, and he came again, much more quietly this time, but she still felt the heat of his fluids as they coursed into her womb. Again she felt ashamed at the betrayal of her family, and again she relished the attention and being desired by this attractive man.

This time, when he came and rested, Percy rolled off of Toni and lay on his back next to her.

"Now what" she asked to the room in general.

"Not sure what you mean. For my part, I rest for a few minutes, wipe myself off and go home. Unless you want more, in which call I'll need about thirty minutes and some protein, and I'll be happy to oblige" replied Percy. She could hear the smile in his voice.

"No, I mean what happens to us now? I don't know about you, but I've just cheated on my husband. Did you just cheat on your wife?" she asked, her eyes beginning to tear again.

"My suggestion is that you do not mention this to your husband. It's none of his business. You're an adult. You won't get pregnant from me and he won't catch anything the next time you have sex. As far as I'm concerned, it's our secret. If you tell him, it will probably ruin a twenty-something year marriage. Is that what you want?"

Toni thought about it for awhile. In the silence, she heard Percy get off the bed and pick up his pants. She heard him walk into the bathroom and pull a towel off the rack. She assumed he was wiping himself off and pulling up his pants. As it happened, the hall light lay across her body from her breasts to her pubic mound, leaving her face in darkness. 
