 Chapter 2: Cum Now

As the plane slid down the glide path toward LAX, crossing the vast expanse of Los Angeles from the mountains toward the ocean, Tabitha leaned over Rex to watch the sea of lights outside the window. It was a marvel that thrilled Rex every time he saw it and he was glad to share it with her. He pointed out the tall buildings of downtown, glittering with reflected light, and the relative location of the Hollywood hills. 

Rex enjoyed working in Hollywood and he was happy to be able to share the experience with Tabitha this time around. While he was working, she would explore the area. In the evenings, they would explore Hollywood and other parts of LA that Rex had enjoyed on earlier trips. They would also explore each other, as they were wont to do, tongues and lips leading the way.

Right now, Rex was looking forward to getting to the hotel in Hollywood, where he had plans to fill Tabitha's mouth with a gusher of sperm. For the moment, the first part of that gusher was merely trickling from his cock onto his leg and sticking to the inside of his pants. Tabitha had been sucking his cock during the flight, but they had been interrupted by the flight attendant and had postponed the coming conclusion. But, the pressure in his groin was a force not to be denied for long and he knew that Tabitha was looking forward to filling her mouth with the creamy reward for her efforts.

The airplane landed smoothly and, after a meandering tour of the taxiways of LAX, parked at the gate. Their hungers in temporary abeyance, Rex and Tabitha waited patiently, then filed out of the airplane, up the jetway, through terminal and down the escalator to the baggage carousel. They gathered their bags and headed for the sliding doors to get the rental car shuttle bus.

The doors slid open and the warm, slightly humid air hit them, as did the smell of car and bus exhaust and the cacophony of dozens of vehicles competing for the roadway. Rex knew his way here and, quickly, they made their way to the shuttle stop, where he flagged down the big yellow shuttle bus. They stowed their bags under the racks and sat down. Rex identified himself to the driver, then they were off, swaying and jerking, as the driver battled his way through the traffic toward the rental lot.

When they got out of the shuttle bus, Rex's name, "Rex, Oral", was on the board in glowing green letters and their vehicle was ready - a nice big SUV, perfect for urban travel for two. In moments, they had left the lot and they were on their way to the freeway.

At night, the freeways were fast and efficient. As usual, Rex enjoyed this drive. The unusual part was the warm hand that had appeared over his crotch, stroking and rubbing his shaft. Since being sucked on the plane, his cock had never fully deflated and felt bloated and sticky. Tabitha's lazy stroking was compounding the problem.

Soon, they ramped off into Hollywood. As they slowed, they opened the windows and shut off the air conditioning to enjoy the air. It was warm, fragrant and sultry, a welcome change from the chilly spring air at home. To the north and west were the fabled Hollywood hills, the houses stacked up the hillsides, thousands of lights filling the imagination with the lore of the twentieth century. Rex's cock bided its time.

A short drive later, they were at the front driveway of the hotel, at the foot of the hills. The hotel was older, but well-kept, only four stories tall, its grounds lush with flowering shrubs and trees. They disembarked. The valet unloaded their luggage and whisked the SUV away. Rex and Tabitha, towing their luggage, made their way into the bright lobby and approached the front desk. 

As Rex signed in, Tabitha looked over his shoulder, gently pressing and rubbing her tits against his back and her pussy against his buttocks, breathing warmly against his neck. He chuckled and struggled to keep his focus as he wrote. Then, they towed their luggage to the elevator, standing open, waiting.

Inside, Rex pushed the button for the third floor and turned to Tabitha as the doors closed. Hands folded on her suitcase handle, she grinned at him. He grinned back, drinking in her beautiful, exotic blue eyes. His loins reminded him of their single-minded mission, to expel semen – the sooner, the better. But, he had a mission of his own - to make Tabitha sing for her supper. 

Rex slid the card through the lock and opened the door to their room. Once inside, Tabitha went straight to the window and lifted it open, while Rex shut off the air conditioning. Immediately, the hum of the city and the scented breeze from the hills filled the room. Rex joined Tabitha. Their window faced the hills behind the hotel. They looked up at the lights of the houses above, row after row toward the glowing sky. Rex turned Tabitha toward him.

He held her tightly to him. As he kissed her, he pushed his tongue into her mouth and stroked everywhere at once. She moaned, her tongue doing battle with his. When he had her full attention, he walked her backwards until her knees bumped against the king-size bed, then he put his hands on her chest and pushed.

She fell back on the bed, her eyes wide in surprise. Standing between her legs, Rex undid his pants and dropped them to his knees. His cock sprang out, dripping. Leaning forward, he opened her pants, reached around her hips, grabbed the waistbands of panties and pants together and, in one strong motion, pulled them down past her knees. Spreading her knees, he climbed over the tangle of clothing, kneeled, grabbed his cock in one hand and lined it up on the shaved pink target. 

Rex shoved his cock into Tabitha's oozing pussy and kept pushing. Her cunt was hot and wet. Its silky walls caressed his shaft as it slid home. His cockhead stabbed up past her cervix until it stretched the top of her vagina, while the base of his cock rode up under her clit until their pubic bones kissed. Cock and cunt stretched against each other. 

Tabitha's head rolled back and she cried out, her composure gone. Rex pulled his hips back, his cock pulling back to rest in her entrance. 

She cried, "No!"

Her hands clutched at his hips, pulling his ass down. He slammed his hips forward and filled her with cock, pubic bones ramming together, his balls slapping her ass. Again, he withdrew, waiting momentarily before slamming in again. And again. Each time, Tabitha's scream gurgled in her throat and she wailed as she took another breath. Rex's cock felt like a heavy log, swollen and ready to burst, but it did not. He thrust into her, hips low, his fat cock head scraping her g-spot, then the rigid base dragging and squashing her clit. She screamed between gritted teeth, her hips twisting and heaving beneath his pounding pelvis.

Outside the window, Rex became peripherally aware of the sound of drums playing. It was a solid, powerful rock beat, strong and stirring. The anthem of sex.

Looking down between their bodies, he saw his swollen, veined cock slam again into Tabitha's hairless pussy, her sweet lips gaping open, the tip of her clit crushed by his hairless pubis. The pressure of his cum was a balloon swelling in his groin, but he held off. He withdrew again, leaving his cockhead in her entrance. One more thrust. Rex reached up with both hands, clutched fistfuls of her soft, blonde hair and drilled his cock into her belly, pressing it high. The drums pounded.

Her hips rose and she screamed. Her pussy walls clutched his cock, her hips shaking. Immediately, his cock was soaked in hot liquid, gushing around its base. His hips pounded again and she screamed again, her head rolling back and thrashing, mouth gaping wide, eyes clenched tight. She was shaking helplessly, singing, as her orgasm carried her away. He kept fucking her hard while her body flopped and she gasped and sang. As he felt the tension starting to leave her, he slowed his thrusts and gentled their force until he was slowly stroking within her, then he stopped. Her spasms stopped, then her body went limp and she was silent, except for her gasps. Still clutching her hair, he kissed her eyelids and cheeks, watching. As her breathing slowed, her eyelids slowly opened, showing him the blue sparkles behind. He could see her regaining awareness of their surroundings. She heard the drums, looked at him and smiled.

He felt her hands pressing up against his chest. Pulling his cock out of her, Rex knelt back and stood, his cock throbbing in the air, shining with their juices. Tabitha stared at it, then up into his eyes. She rolled over and swung her body around on the bed, sitting up. In moments, she was naked. She laid back and rolled over onto her elbows to face him, smiling lovingly. Her big tits pressed against the bed cover, held in by her arms. A pushup bra couldn't have done a better job of presenting her world-class cleavage. Rex stared then noticed that Tabitha was staring at his cock, licking her lips. 

No dummy, Rex shucked off his clothes in a hurry then, walking on his knees, crossed the short distance across the bed that took his drooling cock to Tabitha's drooling mouth. The music of the drums changed, another rock anthem, a favourite of Rex's. Still on his knees, he plugged his cock head into Tabitha's mouth. Her lips closed around it, behind the head, and her tongue rolled around it. She moaned, tasting his cock honey. 

Rex moaned as the roiling hot wetness engulfed his cock. His hands grasped Tabitha's head firmly and he thrust his hips forward. He felt the ring of her lips descend the length of his shaft, then stretch the skin of the base back until her teeth gently scraped on his pubic bone. Meanwhile, the head of his cock entered the constriction of the back of her mouth, then pressed down into her throat. He felt the slick tightness compressing his cock head there. Tabitha's tongue swabbed his balls, then she withdrew her tongue and swallowed around his cock. 

Knowing her limits, Rex released her head. She drew back until the head of his prick lay on her tongue, where she bathed it, moaning as more honey rolled out for her to taste. Then her hands came up to join the party. Her left hand wrapped around his shaft and began to stroke back and forth while the other hand cupped his balls, rolling them gently. Her hands and mouth began to stroke for the finish line. Tabitha mewed around his cock, begging him to cum. Rex grabbed her hair and, matching her rhythm, began thrusting into her mouth. 

His cock felt enormous, a gnarled log swollen with pent-up seed, ready to explode. Faster, the drums played, and louder. Rex, panting and groaning, pounded his cock into the back of Tabitha's throat. His hips and legs shaking, he began to growl aloud. The wet heat of her mouth slid up and down his cock shaft. Her tongue lashed the head on every upstroke and massaged the sweet spot beneath on every down stroke. He felt only his cock and her mouth. Rex's orgasm exploded. He screamed deep in his throat, his head thrown back, as the bolts of sperm pulsed through his prick to burst into Tabitha's mouth. His body bent backwards like a bow. His roar and the pounding of the drums shook the small room. Tabitha slammed his cock down her throat and held it there, swallowing and twisting her head, as more semen pumped out and down to her stomach. Rex's guts squeezed every last bit of his lust into her mouth through his bulging cock.

As Tabitha swallowed the last drops of his sperm, Rex began to relax and slowly straighten his body. Backing away, she let his cock leave her throat. Her tongue gently bathed the shrinking flesh. Then, dropping his cock from her mouth, she coughed as her throat belatedly protested the forceful intrusion of his stiff meat. He stroked her hair, recovering his breath. Then they laughed with glee, relief and amazement at what they had done.

The drums had stopped. Rex's cock hung between his legs, exhausted. Tabitha leaned forward on her elbows and slurped it back into her mouth, capturing the last, late-emerging drops of translucent semen. Rex shook as the sensation surprised him. Tabitha grinned around his cock and, pulling her head back, released it with a sucking pop. She looked up at him with those exotic blue eyes and said, "There's more!"