 "Where are we going?" she yelled over the din of the music as they stepped out of the door to the club. 

"Back to my hotel," he said loudly, not realizing as he said it that the door had closed and there was no need to shout. 

"Trying to tell the whole City?" she giggled.

He laughed easily with her and shook his head. "Would that bother you?" he asked. 

"Not hardly hun," was her reply. 

He held out a his arm and she entwined hers in it and the stepped out onto the sidewalk. As they neared the street he raised his hand to flag a taxi, she grabbed it and pulled it back down. 

"Do you mind if we walk?" 

He smiled, "love to," and they strolled down the boulevard towards his hotel. 

As they walked chatting, he noticed the way she walked, striding smoothly along in her high heels, shoes that made her a good two inches taller than him. 

"I enjoy a good walk," he said, looking down at her legs. 

"Me too," she replied and then noticed where his eyes were directed. "Perve," she said laughing. 

They strode past another club, obviously popular, several young people standing outside, waiting for their chance to enter. Two young men near then end of the line wolf whistled as she walked past. She started to turn to say something but he held her arm close and kept them moving in the direction of the hotel. 

"What's that one costing ya?" one of the young men called out.

He released her arm quickly and turned and he stepped towards the men. He felt his movement arrested by her hand on his shoulder as she called back, "50 bucks an hour, and he's worth every cent." 

Her words broke the tension easily as shattering a glass as they turned and started back on their way, pausing ever so often to double over laughing at some joke one or the other made about who was paying whom for this little sexual encounter. Soon they arrived at the hotel, they stepped into the elevator and he pulled her into his arms and kissed her. His lips brushing against hers lightly before beginning to kiss her harder. He slid his thigh between her legs and he was surprised when as they reached his floor, she pushed the door closed button and pressed another, sending the elevator back down to the lobby. They kissed again, tugging at each others clothing. When the doors opened in the lobby, she pressed the button for the top floor.

"Take me now," she moaned. "I've always wanted to do this in an elevator."

He pulled up her skirt, tugging at her underwear, tearing it free as her hands went to his fly and pulled his hard cock out. She stroked it briefly, her warm hands spreading his juices over the head before he turned her towards the wall. Stepping in behind her, he kissed the back of her neck softly and slid himself deep inside her. She let out a high pitched moan as he grabbed her hips and started pounding his cock in and out of her wet cunt. She reached back with a hand, grabbing his ass, pulling him deeper until... 

*ding* 

The elevator doors opened and a young couple stared at them through the door. She quickly pressed the button to close the doors, followed by one for his floor. He held her tight against him, laughing with her at the embarrassment of being seen. 

"We're going to the room now I take it," he said, grinding his hips against hers to punctuate the sentence. 

She bit her lip and moaned "yes..."

They stood there, still coupled watching the floors pass by, neither making a movement away from the other. A game of sexual chicken with neither of them willing to give in until they reached the floor above his and he finally pulled back and out of her. Stuffing his erection back into his pants, and buttoning his fly just as the doors opened. 

"Pussy," she said, laughing at him as he took her hand and pulled her at a run down the hall to his room. 

As he fumbled with the keycard, her fingers worked at unfastening his belt and unbuttoning his pants as he tried to open the door. Her lips were hot on his neck and as he finally got the key in the slot, her hands slid down the front of his pants and grasped him. He twisted his head around and kissed her over his shoulder before turning and pushing her up onto a table sitting across the hall from his door. His hand slid up the front of her dress as he lifted her ass up onto the table. 

"What are you doing?" she gasped. 

"Payback," he replied as he ran his hand up her thigh and cupped her mound. He slipped a finger deep inside her, causing her to moan. She buried her face into his shoulder, biting him as he worked his fingers inside her, then up and over her clit and back down. He started rubbing her clit harder in a fast circular motion, listening to her moans and feeling her shudder with desire.

"Oh My God..." she gasped pulling her head away from his shirt. "Fuck me baby...fuck me now."

He pulled her back to the door, pushing the key in and pulling it out before throwing open the door and picking her up and carrying her to the bed. His lips pressed hard against hers as he pinned her hands up above her head against the wall and pressed his body hard against hers for a moment before pulling her towards the bed. 

"I want to see you," he said as his fingers moved to her blouse, slowly unbuttoning it.