 Tony enjoyed working in his firm of solicitors. Now 26, he had been a partner for 4 years and he enjoyed his work, as much as some of it was pretty mundane. Sorting house sales and divorce settlements wasn't the most exciting work, but it was lucrative and his company was thriving, and dealing with Joe Public was always interesting. The six partners worked well together, each bringing their own skills and specialities to the work they did, and to be honest it was an income generating machine, and annual bonuses were good. The income and bonuses allowed Tony to live in a nice flat, and although he had had a number of girlfriends, was living on his own at the moment. It allowed him to keep his flat as he wanted.

As well as the six partners, the company employed a number of legal assistants, as well as general office staff, mostly female, attractive, ranging in age from 19 to 40-ish. It was not that Tony was in a relationship or had ever taken any of them to bed – young, bubbly, attractive women always make a working environment good to be in if the office was managed well. 

The office was managed well by Juliette. Juliette was in her early thirties, and was what many called a classy lady. She was tall and slim with brown shoulder length hair. She came from "a good family," she had the right mix of formality and warmth, she dressed very smartly and classically – normally skirt and white blouse. Juliette was widely respected but many thought of her as slightly aloof. She was reserved. People felt they didn't know her, and had little sense of what she did after work. Some even wondered if she were married – she was a private person who kept her out of work life to herself. Those who knew her better knew she still lived with her parents, or at least in a flat that was part of her parents' large home.

Tony got on well with Juliette. She appreciated his professionalism tempered by generosity. He appreciated her support. On a level they enjoyed each others' company, although Tony never felt they chatted at any depth. Often they would spend lunches together, or as a group in the staff room, and as easily and warmly as the conversation flowed, it never developed to any depth or real seriousness.

For Tony there was one further thought he constantly had about her, a thought he would never share with anyone – he thought she had a fantastic ass. She was slim and tall, but it was round, shapely, not too large. Whenever she was walking away from him he couldn't help watching it move through her skirt. He knew there would never be any more than that.................

Click.

Juliette loved her work, and enjoyed the people she worked with. She particularly enjoyed Tony's company, who would chat with her on her terms, never delving into her privacy, allowing her to share what she wanted and no more. She enjoyed being in charge of the office, and enjoyed working with all the staff there. Juliette had worked at the solicitor's for 12 years since leaving college.

Juliette was comfortable. She had her flat attached to her parents home, and had made it very comfortable for herself. But it was always for herself. Somehow she felt she was untouchable. She'd had a number of boyfriends, but they seemed not to last – they were frightened of her poise and strength. Everything was easy and comfortable, and everything was totally empty. If only they would see past her reserve, and see what her mind really thought. Or perhaps saw what she watched on the internet. Or the stories she enjoyed. Or the dreams she had. 

Juliette was a woman who was in charge of the office and in control of her life. Just sometimes she dreamt that someone else was in control – in complete control of her............. And then she wondered about the people she knew. Maybe now, for the first time, there was someone she could put in control. He was nice, caring, warm, strong, and would know how to treat her. Treat her as she wanted. She dreamt week after week, month after month....... And she was wasn't stupid – she knew he liked looking at her bottom.......... Perhaps it was a time to put her plan into action, and see where it went. It had taken weeks to build up the courage, and now it was time....

Click.

Friday morning. Tony had turned on his computer, and turned to the Turner file. He double clicked on the icon on his desktop to open the folder which would have copies of all the letters, scans of pictures and plans, copies of the reports. The searches were almost complete – he was ready to give the okay to the sale – he had until the end of the next week. It was a good project for his company – a thirty million pound purchase, with his company getting a percentage of the price for processing the sale for the purchasers. 

The file was empty. 

Everything had disappeared. Luckily there was a back-up, but there was something wrong – these files should not disappear. No-one should be able to get at the files except those with passwords. No-one should be able to get on his computer without a password. No-one should use his computer. Should not touch his computer. For minutes he wondered who might be able to access the files. And his computer. There was probably only one person who could access both, outside of his partners, only one person who also had access to his office.

Tony called Juliette in to his office. He explained what had happened. Could she explain?

Click

It had been a great risk, playing with Tony's computer. And now time for some great acting, and lots of sobbing.

"I'm really sorry Tony, can I explain?" She sobbed heavily, but found it hard to make it real and produce tears. Tony nodded.

"I'm sorry Tony, but my computer at home wasn't working last night, and I wanted to order some flowers for my mother's birthday. Came here last night late and tired. Went on your computer – the office ones were shut down, and there is a log kept on what sites are accessed. Ordered the flowers, but I was tired and clicked on the wrong thing, and it all went. I didn't know what to do, just hoped you had a back up." Juliette spoke through sobs, grateful for the drama course she had followed at college alongside her major.

Tony looked serious. "This is a sackable offence. Using computers for personal ordering. Accessing the computer of a partner. Placing company security at risk. This could be the end of your career here."

Juliette sobbed loudly again. "Please, Tony, I'll do anything, I don't want to lose the job, I love it here. Please, anything." Juliette looked at Tony coyly from under her eyebrows, trying to convey what anything would mean. 

Tony paused, looking at her hard and long. "Anything, absolutely anything?" He had spoken very quietly. Juliette nodded. Tony's mind was clearly whirring and processing. Then he spoke quietly. "If you really mean anything, then be at my flat for 2.00pm tomorrow. It's Saturday tomorrow. Don't be late."

With that Tony had dismissed Juliette. She left his office, her heart pumping, half smiling with excitement, half filled with apprehension. She had organised it to this point and it had worked. But from 2.00pm on the Saturday it would be out of her hands. Out of her control. Whatever Tony chose. She was fairly certain he wouldn't hurt her. But control would no longer be hers. Her mind whirred as she wondered what would happen to her, although no-one would have realised anything was different. Outside she was still poised, classy and reserved, working effectively for the company. She just hoped Tony would be kinky, but not horrible. She didn't think he would be...............

Click

After Juliette had left his office, Tony couldn't believe his luck. She had been caught, and now she was his. He had watched her ass as she had left his office, and had spent hours imagining what he might do to her. All of his fantasies were coming true. Of course he wouldn't hurt her, but maybe he could make all his dreams of her come true.

All Saturday morning Tony had prepared, and sorted out what he thought he might need. His heart pounded stronger and stronger as he imagined what would happen, knowing he was confident to carry off his dreams. And he liked Juliette – he hoped she would enjoy her time as well. His heart leapt when the door bell rang, leaping almost as high as Tony himself as he headed for the door. Juliette looked stunning. She wore a flowery top and simple white skirt. It was obvious she was even more nervous than Tony, but her poise never left her. Tony invited her in, offered a cold drink and a seat in his lounge. They chatted for a few minutes about nothing – the weather, families – the sort of chat that hides nervousness. At last after a pause Tony knew he had to make the first step. "You still want to go through with this?" he asked quietly.

He watched Juliette go bright red, but nod very softly. Tony spoke again gently: "You don't need to say anything, just do what I tell you. Everything I tell you. Stand up."

Juliette stood up, twirled after Tony had indicated with his finger, then stood facing him. "Remove your top." Juliette paused at the order, then slowly began to lift her top over her head. "And your skirt." Again Juliette paused before reaching behind, undoing her skirt and letting it fall to the ground. 

Tony gazed at her as she stood in simple white lacy bra and panties. Again he got her to twirl around so he could see her, see the wonderful ass he had dreamed of owning. She was even more stunning than he thought. "Now your bra." Tony watched as her breasts came free of her bra. They were small, round, with perfect sweet brown nipples atop each. He gazed at her breasts, as Juliette stared straight ahead of her. Still her poise didn't leave her, as Tony surveyed her body.

"Now panties." Tony spoke quietly, controlling his own nerves. He watched as she removed her panties. He stared at her, looking her up and down. Looking from her face, to her breasts, to her trimmed bush – kept neat, as he knew it would be. But he wanted to saviour in full the part he had been dreaming of most. He ordered her to turn around.

It was everything he thought it would be. Her ass was round, shapely, perfect. Each cheek smooth, soft, divided by a crack which suggested wonderful hidden delights for the person who would explore further.........  

"Follow me," Tony ordered, and led her to his bedroom. He had removed his duvet, but left his pillows in the middle of the bed. "Lie over those," her ordered gently, and watched as Juliette climbed onto the bed, and lay face down, her stomach over the pillows, raising her ass in the air. He carefully took the silk scarves he had collected earlier, looped one around Juliette's left wrist and tied it to the head of the bed. At first Juliette had pulled her hand away, but after Tony assured her it wouldn't hurt, she allowed him to tie her to the bed. He tied her right hand. Her two ankles, so she was spread wide over the pillows. Tony looked her over again. Nothing was hidden – he could see her pussy, her rose hole, puckered tight, both pushed up by the pillows into his eyeline. He looked at her for two or three minutes, before stepping to the bed......

Click.

Juliette lay on the bed, calmly. There had been times when she had been frightened, as when he tied the first scarf, but her mind had told her – she had the trust him. It had been odd undressing for him. At first she had been embarrassed. She had wanted to run away. Again her mind had told her there would never be another opportunity like this, and she had to stay. She had liked the way Tony had looked at her. She was flattered by the way he had looked at her breasts. She had felt herself tingling when he had stared hard and long at her pubic hair, and then her bottom. Then the bedroom, lying on the pillows – she had done it all almost mechanically. And now it was obvious her pussy was showing, that he could see her most intimate parts. And somehow she didn't mind. She waited, excited, frightened, wondering what would happen next. 

Juliette felt it at first imperceptibly. It gave her goose bumps. She was so naive – she had just thought of her pussy being there for him, but there was something even more private, where she had felt it. She felt his tongue very softly caress her asshole. She tensed, the embarrassment of what he was doing to her most private place of all. She felt his tongue gently begin to caress her asshole. Then softly along the join of her bottom towards her waist, then back again, flicking, then gently caressing everywhere. She felt him push his tongue into her hole, then move it around. It was so wrong. It was so hot. It was embarrassing. It was so exciting. 

Juliette felt his tongue caressing between her asshole and her pussy, then running over her pussy, before returning to her asshole. She knew she was already wet, and knew he knew. 

It seemed like ages her caressed her with his tongue, getting her more and more excited. His tongue flicked her clit, probed her pussy, caressed her asshole. It felt so good. Then there was paused. The tongue was gone. He wasn't touching her. Almost instinctively she begged him "Please don't stop, please."

Then she felt the bed move again – Tony was climbing onto it. Then she suddenly realised where he was going. She felt it against her asshole. She tensed, she pulled on the scarves holding her to the bed. She squirmed to escape, but there was no escape. Suddenly she screamed out loud – it hurt, it was so tight........

Click.

Tony had enjoyed caressing her, but now was the moment he had dreamt of. He thrust his cock three quarters into her asshole. He knew she hadn't expected it, and she screamed as he took her, as he possessed the most intimate hole of all. He let her quieten, relax, then pulled gently out, the lubrication he had applied making it easy enough. He pushed back in, thrusting an extra inch. Again she had tensed when he pushed into her but this time didn't cry out. Another trust and his entire cock was embedded in her ass. 

She was so tight, it felt so good. She was holding tightly to the headboard, tense, pushing against his cock. Tony held his cock in her until she relaxed a little. He whispered to her to relax, and she should enjoy it. Surprisingly she did relax, although her hole was gripping him tightly – and wonderfully. Tony lay on her back, put his right hand around her and let his fingers find her clit, and begin to caress. Tony hadn't moved his cock, but let his fingers excite her, until he felt her squirm under him. AS he did he gently eased his cock out about an inch and eased it back in to her ass. 

And he heard her. Quietly. "Yes, please........." He continued to caress her clit, and softly slid his cock in and out a little a couple of times, feeling her responding to his thrusts. He heard her moan in pleasure. 

Tony spoke softly into her ear. "When you are ready honey, just tell me to fuck your asshole. Tell me I make your cunt wet. Tell me you want to feel my cock spurting my cum into you. Tell me you want to cum."

For a few moments Tony moved his cock in and out gently, tickling her clit with his fingers. Then suddenly without warning, he heard her cry out. "Fuck me. Please fuck me hard. Fuck my ass. Shoot up me." Juliette's body was suddenly writhing, all poise gone. Arousal had suddenly destroyed her ability to control anything. He was fucking hard, his fingers playing her clit in rhythm to his cock pounding her. She was screaming "Harder, fuck me harder......."

Click

Juliette felt her body disobeying her. She was never out of control. She never let her arousal and excitement take over her. But everything he did, everything he said increased the pitch of her arousal. It should have hurt – his cock in her bottom, but it was too exciting. She couldn't stop herself. She had never screamed obscenities like this. Her body had never wanted sex so much, never wanted using by a man so much. Every corner of her body tingled with excitement as her ass was pounded. Any pain was hidden by the arousal. Her plan had been worth it after all, she thought in a moment of clarity.

But only a short moment of clarity – she wailed long and hard as her body shuddered, as the orgasm swept through her, seemingly endless, but then leaving her moaning and mewing into the mattress. She knew Tony had cum as well, she had felt his body shaking on her, she knew he had pumped his cum deep into her. He had taken her ass. Owned her ass. Owned her.

She felt Tony removing his cock from her ass, almost wanting it to stay there for ever. In a moment he was sat on the side of the bed, panting, as was she. They remained silent for several moments until they had got their breath back. 

And it seemed bizarre when Tony spoke for the first time after. "Do you want a coke?"

Click.

Tony left Juliette tied to the bed and fetched a couple of bottles of coke. He had taken them back, untied Juliette from the bed, and let her sit up to drink. He saw her squirm and knew she was feeling his cum seeping out of her asshole, and perhaps also feeling it hurt from being stretched and abused. Her face only suggested fulfilment. As she sat drinking slowly from the bottle Tony reached out and caressed her breast, letting his fingers play on the soft flesh, then gently roll the nipple around in his fingers. As he did Tony chatted.

Tony told Juliette he was going to fuck her properly in a few minutes, that he was going to put his cock in her pussy, and this time they would be face to face so they could kiss, and see each other as they fucked. He continued to chat - He had an idea. He had always wanted to share his darkest thoughts with someone, anyone. All those dark fantasies he had hidden for so long. Most of which he never wanted to do for real. Yet here he could tell her. He didn't know why, but he knew she had her dark thoughts, her dark fantasies as well, and he had discovered that perverted side of her she had hidden under her poise for so long. And a corner of him even thought – now he had probed her darkest thoughts, and she would know his, maybe they could make some of them happen........... 

Tony almost perfunctorily told her what he was going to do, now he had stoked up the courage to open his fantasies to her. "I thought I would tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. That okay?"

Juliette nodded, not knowing what Tony meant, but something inside her had leapt with excitement. 

Tony told her how he wanted to see Juliette seduce Becky, the innocent eighteen year old office Junior from work from work. And how he dreamt of having a mother and daughter side by side in his bed. Or two sisters. And take a woman while her husband watched. Each time he introduced a new kink he told her how he would like to do it......... None of them included hurting people, all of them included the other person enjoying it, in the end, which Juliette appreciated. But he had a truly kinky mind, she decided.....

As Tony talked, his fingers had left Juliette's breast and had slowly moved down her body, and was now between her legs, caressing her clit, disappearing into her pussy, pinching the lips of her cunt. Juliette's pussy was wet. At last he could last no more his cock had become rigidly hard again – he gently pulled Juliette down the bed, rolled onto top of her, between her legs, and in one thrust, pushed his cock deep into her wet, warm, welcoming pussy.

They kissed, their bodies thrust in rhythm with each other. Suddenly they were both moaning, juddering as Tony pumped his cum deep into her cunt, has her pussy milked every last drop from him as she moaned in pleasure.

Click.

After the second time he had taken her, they had eaten together, and chatted through the evening. Juliette had been changed. The reserve was broken. The prudishness (she knew now it was the right word for it) gone. All those things Tony talked about – every one had made her more excited. She was still shy, and it was later as they were again locked together, his cock in her pussy, that she talked. She'd never thought of another woman, but Becky might be good. And why not bring her mother to his bed, and let him fuck her in front of her father. And he could take her sister. And between them they could think of lots more perversion, and kinkiness and fun...... As they were sliding together harder and harder Tony had asked her: "So you are willing to bury your face between your mother's legs, in her cunt, tasting her, caressing her........."
