 "Meet me at the hotel room tonight, I need you." 

Kristen hangs up the phone from Luke, nervously anticipating her evening. She never has taken such bold measures with a man, demanding and hungry like a wolf, and yet, no man has ever touched her deepest passions as this man does. When she tentatively voices them to him, to her delight, he is receptive. Her mind went crazy. Can this man truly give her what she craves? 

In their daily walks, Luke is a powerful successful man, a man that his world stops to listen. In her world, Kristen is a quiet suburban mother, listened to as well, but only by young children. She desires control and respect nearly as strongly as he desires someone to take care of him. Someone to assume responsibility. Someone to relieve the pressure of always being in charge. 

Kristen stands at the hotel doorway, knowing he waits inside for her. Nervously she knocks on the door. summoning her courage and remembering her fantasy, she role plays a little.

"Open the door now, or I'm going home."

Luke smiles to hear her little girl voice commanding him. He can almost hear the musical laughter that accompanies most of her speech, knowing that life in general makes her laugh and this in specific is such a change of pace for her that she must be exploding with joy. 

As the door swings open, she suppresses a smile. He grins back at her and his eyes piercing hers in an involuntary attempt to wrestle control. 

"Not tonight, Luke. Not tonight. Tonight I am in charge, not you. Take off everything and go over to the bed. Now or I will leave." Kristen utters these words with growing confidence. Her voice resonates firmly. 

Standing with her feet firmly planted on the ground, Kristen watches him strip, as each removed article of clothing reveals a little more of his incredible physique. Wow. How she aches for him. 

"Now. Lay on the bed. Do not move, Luke, or I will leave. I mean it." 

Kristen sounds serious and firm, her first exercise in control, with the thrill growing by the minute. 

He lays on the bed, his soft manhood slowly growing, creating a perpendicular line to his prone body. 

"Eyes on me. Watch." 

Kristen stands at the foot of the bed, her unclothed lover lying before her as she very deliberately removes each article of clothing. Pulling her shirt slowly over her head, she stands before him, her cleavage spilling out from the flimsy black bra cups attempting to hold her in place. Her thin waist is bound by a black corset, laced up the front to emphasize her curves. She slowly removes her skirt, inch by inch revealing a tiny black beaded thong with delicate black bows on each hip. Turning so her back faces him, she slowly unhooks her bra so that her breasts swing freely above her corset, Released from their temporary prison, Kristen sighs with delight. With her back facing her lover, she turns her head over her shoulder and again warns him, "Don't move." 

Pirouetting around slowly, exposing her luscious breasts to him, she dangles the bra in her hands. Tossing it towards the bed, it lands on his knee. The lace from the bra tickles his knee and he begins to reach down to remove it. Kristen looks at him sternly, "This is your first warning. Do not move. You know what will happen if you do." As he struggles to remain still, the bra feels like it is burning a hole in his knee. He is increasingly aware of its presence. His skin tingles with desire. 

As their eyes lock in concert, Kristen slowly pulls on the sides of her black thong, untying it as it falls to the floor in a puddle of forgotten encumbrance to their passion. Standing naked, save the corset, Kristen slowly lifts her left knee from the foot of the bed to the mattress, poised to crawl towards him. Lifting the other knee, she is at his feet, hands stretched forward, body lithely swaying with uncontrolled lust. She rocks on her knees, mimicking her desire to ride his hard cock, as she gazes lustfully on his eyes. 

Luke lays there, willing himself to keep his hands at his sides, fighting the urge to take control of this beautiful sex kitten at the foot of his bed. He reminds himself how long they've waited to consummate this fantasy properly, and wants to fulfill it down to the last detail. He writhes impatiently, reminding himself that moving is going to ruin this delicious game if he does. His cock stands more firmly at attention and Kristen cannot help but observe how absolutely edible he looks. Licking her lips suggestively, she meets his stare, noticing the sweat forming on his upper lip as he struggles to follow her wishes for the evening. 

She stops and notices her bra grazing his knee, knowing that the brush of fabric has got to be driving him crazy. Mercifully, she lifts it from his knee, but then runs the mesh and lace fabric slowly up his thigh, over his groin, lightly caressing his skin, until she finally tosses it behind her to the pile of discarded clothing at the foot of the bed. 

Sliding up his body gracefully, she discovers his mouth within centimeters of hers. Looking at his lips she knows that this is the mouth that kisses her with raw passion so hungrily. She knows that he is fighting his strongest desires to stay still and not devour her with his mouth. Sitting on his chest, supporting her body with her strong legs, her steaming flower and lush behind skims his torso. Straddled above him, she asks him softly, "Would you like to taste me?" 

Trembling, knowing that they have completely exchanged power for the evening, he only can nod. 

In reply to his nod, Kristen runs her middle finger over her dripping slit, rising up slightly, to give him a glance. With her finger shining with her juices, she runs it under his nose, not quite touching his skin. 

"Can you smell me, Luke?" 

Again he nods. 

"Would you like to taste me, Luke?" 

Kristen completely absorbs her role as being in charge and is enjoying tempting and teasing him, knowing that at the end of the evening, they will have experienced something utterly new. 

Kristen touches her finger to his quivering upper lip, feeding him her juices like an oasis in the desert. Running her finger over his lips she leans forward, her breasts swaying and grazing his chest as she does. Darting her tongue out she licks just his lips, sharing in her juices, savoring his lips, restraining herself to not devour him, knowing that once he kisses her, she will lose the control she's worked so hard to gain.

Lips straining to touch, Kristen quickly regains her slight loss of composure. Sticking her finger between his teeth, he licks her essence. Her eyes and his never break away and their eyes already have fucked a thousand times before their body parts even converge. 

Sliding back down his torso a little, her backside teases his erect cock as her cheeks envelop his throbbing manhood straining to thrust between her legs. She continues to slide backward, her warm hot flower grazing the tip of his hard rod, tempting and teasing him with her heat. She slides down his legs, which he fights to hold still, until her mouth reaches his massive erection.

Slowly darting the tip of her tongue between her lips, Kristen licks all around the head, but nothing more. Her lover strains to thrust deeply into her throat, but she refuses to succumb to her desire to encase him with her mouth. Instead she tantalizes him slowly, just licking like an ice cream cone, savoring the rounded head of his cock. 

"Do you want more, Luke?" Kristen inquires sweetly. 

"Uh huh," a strangled reply emerges from his throat. 

"I need you to demonstrate what you want. Show me what I should do with your mouth." 

As Kristen states this, she slides her body back up from his cock towards his mouth where she plants her dripping pussy right by his mouth. 

"Show me how you like to be licked. I need to learn and only you know what you most need."

Kristen straddles directly above his mouth, as she grasps the side of his head with both her hands, guiding his head forward to put his mouth and her pussy in direct contact. 

"Eat me. Show me how much you want me." 

As she orders him to do this, Kristen releases his head and leans back on her arms, angling her pussy to his mouth. Tossing her head back in ecstasy, she realizes that her lover again is totally enjoying their role play as he laps hungrily at her pussy, knowing that if he does a good job, the rewards will be immense. Running his tongue over her lips, opening her flower, sucking in her clit, she reflexively grinds herself harder onto his hungry mouth. 

He continues to lick her until her arousal runs down his chin. He reaches to grab her hips and she quickly backs off. 

"I told you not to move. This is your second warning."

As she rapidly removes her pussy from his mouth, she observes the puzzled look in her lover's eyes. Unable to remain completely in role, Kristen leans forward and licks her juices tenderly from his face, kissing his cheeks and meeting his eyes so he understands that she truly is playing the game, but that nothing really is going to take her away from him. 

After she licks his mouth, the reminder of her own arousal almost causes her to lose control. Trembling to maintain her role, she quickly scoots away from him again and climbs off the bed to stand gazing at her lover laying there, awaiting her next move. His cock glistens where she licked the head, but she notices a small bead of precum pushing from the tip. 

"Luke, you look like you're excited. Can you tell me about this?"

"You're driving me crazy, Kristen. This is the sweetest torture I've ever known." 

"Well, Luke, patience does have its rewards and I want both of us to learn some. I'm not close to being done with you."

As she states this, she quickly hops off the bed and bends over giving her lover a view of her beautifully rounded ass. He groans lustfully, knowing he has to just watch. She is rummaging in her handbag for something, and turns around, her fist tight, obviously holding a small item she isn't ready for him to see. 

"Close your eyes," she commands. 

Every ounce of his willpower is tested as the only restraints and blindfolds they use for this role play are purely mental. He has chosen not to move or open his eyes, simply because Kristen has requested. He feels her body moving next to his and the mattress shifts slightly as she must have sat down at his side. 

Her tiny hand touches the head of his cock, her finger rubbing the precum around the top. 

"Luke, you look like you're ready to explode. I'm not ready for that. But don't worry and don't open your eyes or move." The silence is deafening as the only sound in the room is their increasingly labored breathing. 

Kristen grips his cock with one hand, and the other slides something over the head, a cold chill of a metal ring sending a shiver down his spine. She slips the ring down to the base of his cock, and it his throbbing becomes constricted. Immediately, he feels himself growing harder and swelling larger.

"Open your eyes."

Her lover opens his eyes and catches a metal glint and a metal bearing at the base of his huge erection. "A cock ring, huh?" 

"This is my insurance policy, Luke. I have many things to do with you and do not want this to end before I've even begun. Can you feel it?"

"Yes, it's tight."

"Is it uncomfortable?" 

"No, just different." Her lover gulps with a little nervousness, never having used any sort of adult toy on himself. 

"The bearing is designed for my pleasure. I'm going to see how it feels. Sit still." 

Kristen is relishing her control game and her arousal is at a fever pitch. Her hot juices are flowing freely, so all she has to do is straddle and pounce, immediately filling her with his huge cock. She leans forward making the bearing roll over her clit. Her body immediately warms the cool metal and it presses suggestively against her magic spot as she rocks forward, his shaft arching slightly as she grinds into the bearing. 

Gripping his wrists with her small hands, any sort of pinning him down is merely symbolic, as he could easily overcome her. Their game isn't truly about power. She merely poses as the aggressor, the conquering hero. With a sly wink of understanding unspoken between them, their mutual pleasure escalates. 

"This is what I want, Luke. Can you feel me? Can you feel how hot you make me?" Kristen bites her lower lip as she presses down harder. Her walls tighten, gripping Luke's shaft with possessive ownership. She lifts herself higher, squeezing his shaft as he feels the cock ring restrict his arousal, making him harder. 

Luke grimaces as his instinct is to buck his hips wildly into the depths of her female charms. But remembering that he already has two warnings, he fights to restrain himself. Kristen slides to the very top of his cock, with only the head inside her and sits perfectly still, poised to either release him from or surround him. The moment of tension draws out as Kristen remains perfectly still. 

"Luke, are you enjoying this? Do you like the way your lover plays? Can you follow the leader again?"

Kristen's playful taunt thrills Luke as he figures he can cross the line just once. Instead of answering her, he raises his hips and plunges his throbbing shaft of manhood into her. The bearing of the cock ring rolls on her clit and he playfully grins at her, "Does three strikes send me out?" 

Kristen shudders for a moment, willing herself to stay in control and smirks back at Luke, "Baseball analogy, huh? I'd call this a foul tip. Let's go for another pitch." 

Kristen continues to hold Luke's wrist in some sort of mock pin as she reluctantly parts from him. Looking at him, suddenly the premise of the game loses importance. She wants this man thrusting in her and has completely lost her willpower. 

"I think I need to consult with the pitcher," Kristen states, as she keeps the baseball analogy alive but leans in to kiss Luke. Mashing her mouth to his, she groans lustfully, as the role playing rapidly evaporates. 

Breathlessly, she parts from him. "Fuck me. That is my order, Luke." 

Luke smiles at his Kristen and breathes a sigh of relief. "With or without this thing?" Luke points to the cock ring inquisitively. 

"With it, until you're just about to climax, then I will remove it." 

Kristen rolls over on her back and spreads her legs with seductive invitation. "Luke, I'm still in charge, and I want you to fuck me silly."

"Gladly, my lady. Gladly. Now it's your turn to lie still." 

As Kristen spreads her legs, Luke slides between them and laps hungrily between them, feeling the gratefully flowing nectar of her arousal slide over his tongue. Licking her parted flower, pacing himself, Kristen moans with primal longing. 

Kristen loses herself in the sensations of Luke's tongue and floats to a place far removed from their hotel room. Grabbing his head, she silently beckons him to join her ecstatic journey. Luke gauges her responses and knows she is on the brink of her orgasm. He slides up her body, her taste still on his lips and as he thrusts into her, kisses her mouth deeply. Entering her with ease, Luke feels her quivering walls surround him. 

She feels the bearing ram against her clit as Luke thrusts again and again, showing her that it takes two, not one, to make love. She bends her legs backwards until they rest on Luke's shoulders, and he penetrates her completely. Her body is filled, her clit is tickled, and she feels every depth of her womanhood. Luke consumes her face and neck and shoulders with his kisses. 

"Oh Luke." 

Luke quickens his pace, knowing that his Kristen is close. She begins to thrash about and he remembers the premise of the evening. "Are you ready, my lady?" 

"I am." 

Pausing for a moment, Luke again withdraws from Kristen. She grasps his cock, saturated with her juices, and rolls the cock ring upward, the rounded metal ball tracing an invisible path along his cock. Holding the shining ring in her palm, she smiles at the symbol of their mutual ecstasy. Kristen pulls the ring to her mouth and licks the circumference, never breaking the gaze from Luke's eyes. Holding the ring in her teeth she leans towards Luke as he wrestles it from her teeth, only to toss it on the bed. 

"You're so beautiful that nothing can keep me from wanting to be inside you, in every way." 

"Take me, Lover." 

Without another word, Luke thrusts his raging erection into Kristen's hungry opening. She receives him in her practically with a trumpet of welcome. Repeatedly he thrusts into her, over and over. Kristen moans with uncontrollable ache. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, Luke. Oh honey." 

"Oh baby, Kristen, I want you so bad." 

"C'mon Luke, harder." 

Luke pauses for a moment, pulling himself out of Kristen's warmth. "Kristen, I'm ready to explode. Are you ready?"

"I was ready for you the moment I walked in, Luke." 

As Kristen states this, she reaches down, guiding Luke back to her eager opening. With a swift motion, Luke thrusts back into Kristen and grits his teeth. Burying his throbbing stick deep into her, she moans like a woman who has suddenly been filled with everything she needs. "Oh Luke, you are huge like a house."

"It's been building all evening, I loved watching you take charge." 

"And I love sharing it with you."

The lovers stop talking and begin to just move, both of them so perilously close to their climaxes. Luke thrusts repeatedly and Kristen rises to meet each of his thrusts as they dance the waltz of primal joy. 

"Oh Luke, come with me… I'm there…." Kristen pants and writhes as her face contorts with uncontrolled passion as waves of contracting muscles grip her insides and radiate through her body.

"Oh Kristen…" Luke's body stiffens and he braces his arms as he transfers all his energy from his pulsating cock into Kristen's welcoming body. His juice flows into her, as her juice flows around him, liquid ecstasy. 

Collapsing breathlessly back onto the mattress, they hold hands as their heartbeats slow.

"That was a lot better than the usual dinner and movie, wouldn't you say?" Luke smiles wickedly at Kristen. 

"Oh yes, and the location change was a nice touch. Thank you for getting this room for us." 

"Well, honey, I really didn't want to stumble over another doll or block to take my wife to our bed, I wanted this to be all about you." 

"And I wanted it to be all about you. I'd say we got our wish, didn't we?"