 Tonya was in her last year of high school, 19 years old and the whole world at her feet. Her boyfriend was captain of the football team. Her circle of friends were the "cream of the crop" around the small town they had all been born and raised in. Her brother, James, was 18 and sometimes it was a popularity contest between the two to see who had more friends and the best grades. Her grades were matched only by the few honor students that roamed the halls of her high school and her looks were matched by no one. Tonya had always had what's called the "triple threat", meaning she had looks, personality and brains. 

Standing at 5'7, a perfect 120 lbs, with long flowing red hair and deep green eyes, Tonya's beauty was usually the first thing people commented on. She had developed early in life, already sporting an impressive D cup by the time she hit 13 years old. This baffled her mother who had been cursed with an average B cup all her life. 

Tonya was gorgeous, and she knew it. She never made excuses for her beauty, nor did she feel guilty when one of the other less attractive girls would feel sorry for themselves for not matching up to Tonya's looks. She kept a beautiful golden tan on her body, and kept her body beautiful by going to the gym three days a week after school. She had lucked out, one of her best friends' mother's owned the gym, so naturally she had no problem with giving her daughter's friends all access to the facilities.

One day, after school, Tonya stepped inside the gym, just like she had been doing three times a week for the past 2 years, when she noticed the janitor looking at her a bit strange. He was tall, medium built, but hard to make eye contact with considering he had on a baseball cap pulled down over his eyes and dark sunglasses on.

"What the fuck are you looking at?" she asked, obviously very upset that this low class man thought he had the right to stare at her, "Don't you have something to clean?"

The janitor just gave her a sideways grin and went about his business.

"Tonya!!!, so good to see you honey," said Gina, her friend's mother.

"Thanks, Miss Greer, listen you really should do something about that janitor, he gives me the creeps," she said, putting her duffle bag down at her feet.

"Who, Andy? He's been with us for years, he's usually on the night shift but he asked to work days for a couple weeks, he's harmless," said Gina, handing Tonya a cold bottle of water, "Enjoy your workout."

"Thanks," she said, picking up her bag and heading off to the locker room to change into her workout gear.

She always hated being in the locker room alone, something about it gave her the creeps, so she was always quick to dress out and get out into the main gym area.

Upon entering the workout room, again she noticed Andy staring at her as he mopped up around the treadmills. This time, she said nothing, she just went straight to the weight bench and begin lifting her normal 50 lbs, 100 times.

An hour later, after having done the weights, the treadmills and some kickboxing, Tonya decided it was time to head home. The clouds were getting dark and her windshield wipers on her car were broken, so getting caught out in the rain would not be a smart move.

After showering and changing back into her clothes, Tonya went to the front desk to tell Gina goodbye. That night, her phone rang, but no one answered when she said hello. Tonya shrugged it off and stretched out on her bed, thumbing through the latest Cosmopolitan. Twenty minutes later, the phone rang again. And again, no one answered when she said hello. She was beginning to get pissed, why call someone if you're not going to speak?

She dialed *67 to find out who her last caller was, but she didn't recognize the number. After deciding that not knowing would bug the shit out of her, she called the number back. 

After 3 rings, a man answered the phone, "Hello?"

"Ummm, sorry to bother you, but someone from this number has called my house twice, but doesn't speak, can you tell me who that might be?" she asked, a bit nervously.

"Sorry dear," said the man, "I just got home myself, 10 minutes ago, and I live alone, I don't know who would have called your house."

"Ummm, ok then," said Tonya, sounding very confused, "Sorry to have bothered you then."

Her mind was racing as she hung up the phone. But, again, she shrugged it off. After noticing it was already after midnight, she decided to go to bed. She had to be up for school in 6 hours.

******************************

The next morning, upon arriving at school and going to her locker, Tonya noticed 2 red roses taped to her locker door. Well naturally, she assumed her boyfriend, Ray, had left them. She happily took them off her locker and placed them on top of her books. As she made her way down the hall, she was quickly stopped in her tracks. 

Just three feet in front of her stood Ray and the captain of the cheerleading team, Amy Morris, locking lips like two cheap whores in a hotel room.

"RAY, YOU SON OF A BITCH!!!!," screamed Tonya, throwing the roses at Amy and running away, dropping her books and folders, too.

"Tonya!!! Wait!!!," screamed Ray, following her down the hallway and out the front door.

Once outside, Ray found his broken hearted princess at her car, fumbling with her keys thru tear soaked eyes, "Baby, I'm sorry, it just sort of happened, you know the cheerleaders practice when the football team does. Look, I'm sorry, I didn't plan this."


"Fuck you, Ray," said Tonya, opening her car door, "Everybody said you were fucking around, but I wouldn't believe them because I'm an idiot. You two deserve each other, I hope she gives you an STD."

Tonya started up her car, slammed the driver's side door closed and sped off. Mile after mile she replayed the last two years she had been with Ray. She shook her head at her stupidity, cursing herself for not seeing the signs. Of course he would end up with a cheerleader, he's the captain of the football team, it only made sense.

Tonya decided she couldn't talk to any of her friends about this, they'd only side with Ray, like they usually did when he fucked up. Just then, she came upon the gym, she quickly pulled in and ran inside, hoping Gina wasn't busy.

Luckily, Gina was just doing paperwork in her office and was more then happy to lend a sympathetic ear. Tonya wasted no time dumping the dirty details about her so called, "perfect boyfriend."

"Well, honey, I'm sorry, I wish I had something wise to say that would make you feel better, but I don't. Most men are just clueless and don't really care what consequences their actions might bring," said Gina, handing Tonya a hanky and a sympathetic smile.

"Thanks, Miss Greer," said Tonya, smiling back.

A few minutes later, Tonya blew her nose and decided her little pity party was over, "I think I'll go work out, while I'm here," she said, "Maybe I can work out some of this new found anger."

"That's a good idea," said Gina, "I'd start with some kickboxing."

Tonya nodded her head in agreement, and headed out into the main gym, going straight to the kickboxing ring.

"Need a partner?" asked a man from behind her.

"What?" said Tonya, quickly spinning around and finding a tall, medium built man already decked out in kickboxing gear ; head gear, gloves, knee pads and plastic retainer for his teeth.

"I said, do you need a partner," repeated the man, climbing up into the ring.

"Sure," said Tonya, "But I should warn you, I've been doing this for over two years now."

The man just laughed as he began doing leg stretches, "That's ok, dear, I've been kickboxing for the past 10 years," he said.

Tonya got cold chills when he called her dear. He sounded just like the man from the mysterious phone call the night before.

She passed it off as coincidence and began jumping around in the ring, signaling that she was ready to rumble.

Thirty minutes and several kicks and hits later, the pair decided to call it a draw and get some water, "You're pretty good," said the man, "But I'm better."

"Yeah, thanks but you've got much to learn considering you've done this for 10 years, or so you say," said Tonya, leaning over and getting a drink from the water fountain.

The stranger just laughed at Tonya's comment, "By the way, I'm Andrew," he said, extending his hand to her.

"Nice to meet you, Andrew, I'm Tonya."

The pair continued their conversation, even agreeing to have lunch together at the diner across the street. As the Long Island Tea's and the salads and the rest of the lunch disappeared, Tonya realized she liked Andrew alot. She had told him about Ray, and her so called friend, Amy. She talked of the pressures of high school and of being one of the most beautiful girls in town. She told him how stressful it was having your brother only a grade lower then you and CONSTANTLY being in competition with him.

Andrew just sat there listening, taking in every word that Tonya said, almost like he was trying to memorize their entire conversation.

An hour later, Andrew had to excuse himself, claiming he had to be at work. Tonya had to go too, it was her night to pick up her brother while their parents were out of town, and since she had the only car, she quickly got up. 

The couple exchanged phone numbers and agreed to keep in touch. 

As Tonya got in her car, she noticed Andrew walking back to the gym, she assumed he had forgotten something there, and gave it no more thought.

After picking up James and stopping for a pizza, Tonya drove home. There, she was greeted with a dozen red roses and a box of candy, on her doorstep.

"Tonya's got a boyfriend, Tonya's got a boyfriend," taunted James, as he pushed his way past her, grabbing the pizza box and plopping down on the living room sofa.

"No, I don't," she said in a disgusted tone, "I broke up with that asshole today."

She tossed her stuff onto the other end of the sofa and opened up the card attached to the roses, it read :

Tonya,

I hope you like these. I wanted the most beautiful girl in the world to have the most beautiful flowers in the world. Put them next to your bed and look at them often, just as I look at you often.

That was it, no signature, no clues, nothing. This intrigued Tonya, but also made her a bit nervous. She got up and went upstairs to find a vase. After putting them next to her bed, she sat there momentarily, just staring at them, trying to figure out who on Earth would be sending her roses. She knew for sure, it wasn't Ray.

The next day, the phone rang, it was Andrew.

"Hello dear," he said.

"Hello Andrew," she answered back, twirling her fingers in her hair nervously.

"What are your plans for the day?" he asked.

"Nothing yet," she said, "Why? Would you like to get together and do something?"

"I can't, not until tonight anyway, I have to work," he said, "I just wanted to know how you planned on spending your day, and I wanted to call and say hello and to let you know I had a great time with you yesterday."

Tonya smiled and giggled, agreeing that yesterday was nice, "Listen, Andrew? Did you, by any chance, send me roses yesterday?"

"No dear, I didn't, why do you ask?" he said.

"Oh, it's nothing, maybe they were meant for my mom," she answered quickly, not wanting to raise any suspicion or cause any ill feelings.

"Ok well, I need to get going," he said, "Don't wanna be late for work."

"Ok, Andy, I'll see you tonight?" she asked hopefully.

"What did you just call me?" he asked, obviously very upset.

"I called you Andy, is that ok?" she said.

"No, it's not, I prefer Andrew, don't ever call me Andy again," he snapped back, "I really need to get going, I'll call you later and we'll make plans for tonight."

"Ok, sure Andrew," she said, a bit puzzled.

After she hung up the phone, she tried to understand what the big deal was. Wasn't Andy short for Andrew, or had she missed something? Oh well, she thought to herself, I guess he has his preferences.

That night, Andrew called again, instructing her to meet him at the diner across the street from the gym. He thought it would be romantic for their first date to be at the first restaurant they had eaten at. She agreed and quickly slipped into a slinky black dress and black heels. After making sure James would be ok, she eagerly bounded out of the house, headed for the diner.

As she pulled into the parking lot, she immediately noticed Andrew. He was standing out front in black dress slacks and a white button up shirt. They both jokingly remarked to each other that they may be a bit over dressed for dinner in a diner, but thought it would be fun to stand out from the other customers.

An hour into the meal, Tonya excused herself to use the ladies room. Andrew stood up as she stood to leave. A few minutes later, she returned, having refreshed her make-up and perfume, ready for the rest of the evening. 

As she drank her club soda, she began to notice the customers in the diner were suddenly talking very loudly and the lights seemed to be much brighter then they had been before.

"Are you ok, Tonya?" asked Andrew, taking her hand in his.

"No, not really. I'm not feeling all that great, could we go outside for some fresh air?" asked Tonya.

"Sure, just let me pay the bill and we'll be on our way," he said, standing and walking towards the cashier.

Tonya's ears began to ring and her vision was becoming blurry. Her stomach seemed to be in knots and her pulse was racing. Andrew came back and offered his hand, helping her to her feet.

"Come on, dear, let's step outside, maybe some fresh air will snap you back into shape," he said.

She struggled to her feet. Her legs felt like jello and she was sure she would faint at any moment.

"Let me get you to my car and I'll drive you home, you can't drive in this condition," said Andrew.

Just then, Tonya fainted in his arms. He quickly grabbed her and scooped her up in his arms, looking around to make sure no one was watching. Satisfied that they were unnoticed, Andrew carried her across the parking lot to the gym. He fumbled around in his pocket for the front door key. 

Upon entering the stale, dark gym, Andrew locked the door behind them, careful not to trip the security system. He laid Tonya down on the couch in Gina's office and went to disarm the system, now was not the time for unwanted police attention. 

He returned to the office, finding Tonya moaning something and wiggling around on the couch.

He picked her up again and carried her into the back ...... to the janitor's storage room.

Andrew put her down on a stale, smelly green chair and locked the door. He turned around and stood there for a moment, staring at the provocative position she had managed to wiggle herself into. 

There she sat, legs open, just a bit, and the straps of her dress had fallen down her shoulders, exposing a bit of her cleavage.

Andrew felt his cock immediately get hard as he reached down and unbuttoned his pants, pushing the zipper down with the tip of his middle finger.

"Oh my God, where am I?" moaned Tonya, slowly opening her eyes and feeling like a truck had plowed over her.

"Shhhh," said Andrew, "You're safe, dear, you're with me."

Tonya couldn't focus her eyes, so she had no way of knowing she was inside the gym, in the janitor's storage room.

Andrew moved closer to her, his pants falling to his knees with each step.

"Tonya, can you hear me?" he whispered.

"Yes," she whimpered back, moving around a bit more.

"Good," he said, "Now I want you to be still for a few minutes."

"Ok," she whispered, closing her eyes again.

Andrew dropped to his knees, gently pulling her body to the edge of the chair. Right away he could smell the sexy scent coming from her pussy. This made his cock ache, but he wasn't going to fuck her ..... not yet anyway.

Gently, he slid his fingers under her dress, grabbing at her lace panties and pulling them down, forcing them past her ass and down to her ankles. Once removed, he took a deep whiff of them and stuffed them under the cushion of the chair. He placed his hands on her knees, parting her legs and looking at her sexy teen pussy. Her dress ripped just a bit as he pulled her left leg up over the arm of the old chair. 

Now her pussy was exposed completely and was quickly making Andrew's mouth water. He leaned in and softly kissed her sweet pussy lips, bringing his hand up to gently keep her thighs parted. She tasted sweet, like freshly picked berries. He quickly moved to her clit, hungrily lapping at it, sucking the swollen button into his warm mouth. 

Tonya began to moan again, her eyes still closed. She could feel a tongue and warm breath on her pussy, and even though she was out of it, it did manage to excite her.

"Oh Ray, mmmm Ray baby, that's it, lick my pussy Ray," she groaned, wiggling around on the chair again.

Andrew suddenly became very upset, very jealous and did not appreciate being called another man's name.

"Wake up, slut," he yelled, pulling her to her feet.

He snapped her up so violently, she quickly opened her eyes, "Oh Andrew, where am I?"

"Shut up, bitch," he groaned, pushing her over the arm of the chair, "I'm not Ray, you little cunt, I'm Andrew, you're gonna remember my name."

Tonya fell over the arm of the chair violently, feeling it pressing into her hips, "Andrew, what the fuck are you doing?" she groaned, "Stop it."

Andrew reached down under the chair cushion and pulled out Tonya's panties, quickly stuffing them in her mouth, "I told you to shut up, bitch."

With one hand, he grabbed her arms and pinned them behind her back. With his other hand he guided his rock hard cock to the opening of her perfectly shaven pussy, "Lean over some more," he growled.

Tonya was beginning to come around and realize what was happening to her. She suddenly became very scared. She looked around and recognized this as being the janitor's closet. She had been in here once before to get a mop for Gina when the soda machine was leaking.

Just then, Andrew rammed his cock deep into Tonya's pussy, showing her no mercy, "I fucking hate little rich bitches like you, you think you own the whole damn world. It's not enough that Daddy gives you everything you want, you gotta go around like some damn princess barking orders and insults at everyone. You remember me, bitch? You asked me what the fuck I was looking at the other day. Yeah, I'll tell you what I'm looking at. I'm looking at a big mouthed bitch that's gonna get the shit fucked outta her pussy because she talks too much," he growled, "Yeah, Andy is short for Andrew, you dumb cunt."

Oh my God, she thought to herself, Andrew's that grimey janitor that was staring at me the other day. The baseball cap and dark sunglasses is why I didn't recognize him. 

Tonya began cursing herself for once again being so stupid. First she couldn't see that Ray was fucking her over, now she never even suspected Andrew of being Andy. 

"Grab that fuckin chair and act like you want this, bitch," he growled, shoving his cock in further and slowly pumping her pussy.

She bit down hard on the panties in her mouth as her eyes became flooded with tears. She was being raped by some low class janitor, she felt ill and just knew she would throw up at any second.

"Mmmmm yeah baby, I've wanted this pussy for so long," he hissed, pumping her a bit harder, "I've been watching you for a long time, bitch, I even made a peep hole in the ladies locker room. I watch you every time you wash this sexy body of yours. I watch you soap up this cunt and watch you finger it cause it excites you so much touching yourself. I've even seen you cum a few times, makes me so hot I come in here and jack off thinking about it."

Tonya became sickened and angry knowing her privacy had been violated. She spit the panties out of her mouth, "You son of a bitch, I'll have you arrested for this shit," she screamed.
