 Tony lay on the hospital bed surrounded by Royal Navy doctors, and an eminent physician from Harley Street. Several times he had told the doctors , what had happened to him on his visit to Rangati. The doctors were baffled, despite numerous tests ,they were unable to find the cause of his constant erections and extra stamina. He was getting tired of the constant jokes that were being made, and the genuine envy of  some of the young male doctors. He was an object of curiosity and envy - without any of the sympathy that went with a real illness.

Enquiries by doctors and scientists in Rangati had failed to locate the Witch Doctor who had mysteriously disappeared, but a number of very pregnant young women readily confirmed his story, and pleaded with the doctors to send him back to them. Even the Princess, when interviewed had pleaded for his address so that she could write to him, but the Navy had adamantly refused, as it was not their policy to disclose the whereabouts of navy personnel who may be the subject of paternity orders.

Each night Tony was locked into his room, and the key held in the charge of the senior nursing attendant. They were frightened that Tony might wander into the women’s wards, and cause problems. If he wanted anything during the night, he had to telephone and someone would attend to him. The day eventually arrived when they agreed that he had to be discharged into barracks the next day awaiting his demobilisation. The navy was beaten at last, they had given up, and were just hoping that Tony would complete the rest of his service without causing further problems.

Tony was fast asleep this last night before his discharge, when he woke slowly to find Lacey Hoskins, an attractive brunette Nursing Sister standing by his bed. She was a real treat to look at with long dark hair that shook as she laughed, and hazel eyes that sparkled with an impish glee. She was a very slender girl ,some people would call her skinny, but Tony thought of Lacey as being lithe, graceful, sensual but not skinny.  She moved like a cat and that made her seem very sexy. Lacey had lovely breasts and long tapered legs that went with her slightly high heels made her seem more like a model than a very competent nurse.

She had not had much to do with Tony during his time in hospital, but of course he was the talk of all the nursing staff and Tony had got the impression that she thought he was some sort of freak. But each time she had come near him, she had caused him problems, but of course he thought wryly to himself, so did every other woman.

He suddenly realised that he was damn near naked in bed , alone with a very desirable woman, and in the middle of the night. She laughed quietly as she saw the bed clothes rise slightly in the area of his groin. “Are you all right Tony?” She asked quietly , but with a self satisfied grin on her face. “ But of course you are - you’re more than all right, and that’s why you’re here .! Lacey gave him a playful slap on his bare shoulder, then smoothed the area softly with her hand , pretending that she might have hurt him. She was watching him carefully as she massaged his skin. Tony held his hand over his groin, just enough to cover the erection Tony had been fighting so hard to hide. 

Lacey only smiled, a very self satisfied smile as she saw that he was trying to keep himself covered. "Oh Dear." Lacey said. "Just what must you be thinking. I’ve given you a hard on.?" Lacey stepped closer, standing right by the bed, and immediately grabbed the top of the sheet, pulling it completely off him."Show me!" she said in a playful tone of voice. “I really fancy you.”Tony said in a very low voice, showing his nervousness. ‘You should not do that unless you mean business’

Lacey stared at him, still holding the edge of the sheet, slightly bent over giving him a nice view of her cleavage. "You're serious, aren't you?" she said , as she looked in awe at his erection.. “You really want to fuck me.” Tony was surprised when Lacey dropped the sheet on the floor , and sat on the edge of the bed - leaning over and putting her arms around his neck. “Would you really?" She said very softly. "You know damn well Sister I can not help myself." Tony said. 

Lacey's body seemed to be all over him ,as she leaned forward to kiss him, a very intense kiss, his hands searched and found her thighs under her uniform and slid them up to her waist, pulling herskirt up as he did so. “Wait a minute .” She murmured.

She stood up undoing her belt. quickly unfastening the buttons and letting heruniform dress drop to the floor - she was , to Tony’s surprise completely naked underneath. Tony ran his hands up and down her smooth body, and eagerly pulled her down on the bed , as Tony moved down the bed close to her pussy, Lacey trembled slightly and Tony teased the sensitive area between her openings, flicking his tongue rapidly, as she moaned softly, the juices that were already seeping from her. He pushed his tongue into her, flicking around sensually, he could feeling her tension, her impatient waiting, as he moved slowly, teasing her as Lacey's hips were moving now impatiently , trying to force his tongue to penetrate even farther until he found her clitoris. 

Using just the tip of his tongue Tony flicked over her opening as Lacey frantically began to rock her whole body, her hips were frantically pressing her opening against his mouth . Tony could feel her spasms, as her body rocked out of control . Then she said in a low sexy voice. " It’s my turn now.” Lacey pushed him back on the bed ,while she knelt on the floor by the side of the bed, she took his cock, in her mouth with some difficulty ,working her head up and down slowly. Tony knew straight away ,that this was the work of a very experienced girl. Her tongue was magnificent, pressing firmly against the sensitive underside and flicking the head's ridge backwards. 

Without warning, Lacey began descending on his cock, and purposefully kept going until incredibly she had as much of him, as she could in her mouth. She looked up at him then, those hazel eyes staring brightly at him from her dark looks. Fire burned in her eyes, a lusty, half-glazed look. Then Lacey let go of his cock and practically jumped on the bed on top of him. She grabbed his cock and pressed it to her opening , then sat down hard. Both of them moaned. Lacey was tight, but she was also wet. To Tony it was just heavenly release. Lacey was pressing down on him hard, her face showing it’s determination as she concentrated in jamming his cock up inside her.

It was not long before she sat back, her muscles gripping him tightly, a look of sheer relief and happiness on her face, but Tony grabbed her and rolled her over onto her back, he pulled her hair to one side, to keep it from catching, and she surprised him again. "Yes!" She hissed lustily. "Pull my hair. Pull on it." 

He grabbed a handful and pulled her up to kiss him, their mouths locked in passion their tongues swirling madly as their loins pressed tightly together . Tony flexed his cock inside her and felt Lacey jump. She started to squeeze back, thrusting her hips wantonly against him. , his cock driving deep into her , his cock swelled, becoming rigid as her hands pulled him down on to her by the shoulders, just as her hips drove upwards. Her upper lip curled, her climax a brief moment away. 

Her hips rocked wildly , then her body arched up, pressing hard against him, as together their bodies rolled locked together as their love making came to fruition. Gradually their passion subsided , Lacey lay there smiling up at him happily, her forehead beaded with perspiration. She closed her eyes, pulling him closer to her, cheekily rocking her hips slowly, testing the firmness of his erection. He could feel the juices seeping down past his cock, and as her movement increased , and quickly aroused again, Tony began teasing one of her dark nipples with his tongue. Her muscles tensed around his cock , and Tony flexed inside her. Her legs and arms wrapped around him and they kissed passionately. 

"Oooh, that's lovely." She cooed. She was in a dilemma, if she was caught she was in big trouble, but it had been a long time since any man had ever satisfied her properly .The fire inside of Lacey was out of control, in the company of this beautiful man, and her heart pounded against her ribs. She could think of nothing but his fine body and how enormous his cock was. She had not believed what the other nurses had said about him, but now she knew that he was unique "Just lie still Tony, it’s time I repaid you" 

Turning him over ,so that she was on top Debbie sat on him, straddled his hips, and , thrilled by the feel of his hard body against her smooth thighs. Debbie knew how wrong she had been. He was, as the other nurses had boasted , the thickest, hardest man she'd ever had; there was no one like him in her vast experience.  He lay there, smiling happily underneath her. She knew from his expression how much he was enjoying this-- the hot grip of her muscles on his cock , and the trouble she'd had taking it in, must have made it very good for him..

But now , she was going to enjoy this, and slowly she rocked on her hands and knees, stretching her cunt over his strong shaft again and again, enjoying every ripple and every sensation . She felt his big cock forcing its way into her ,and pulling back out, and it was the finest fuck she could ever remember. He reached for her breasts, tugging her nipples gently while she slowly fucked him, the first flush of passion past. Katy leaned down to kiss him as Tony said.

“You’re pretty good yourself.” “Thank-you.” She whispered.As she rode up and down Tony’ long thick cock, pushing herself to the brink with each careful stroke. She leaned way back to feel it at a different angle, bringing new superb sensations, and bringing her ever nearer to her climax., and then as it came - blessed relief, she slumped forward onto him, smiling and kissing his face, her hard nipples pushing into his chest , she put them against his mouth, one after the other. He held them in his lips and teeth while Debbie gripped tightly onto the last inch of his straining cock.  His eyes sparkled in the lamplight, as he looked up at her. When she sat her weight down on him, she could feel his cock, still incredibly hard, touch her deep inside. 

Completely filled with his hard rigid flesh, she relished the feeling of being pinioned there on his cock as she squeezed her own breasts and twisted her nipples gently but insistently. Then she felt a change in Tony as he lay underneath her and she knew he was about to come again. She stopped moving, trying to prolong his enjoyment, but it was rolling on to another inevitable climax even as she sat still with his cock getting harder inside her. It felt too good to stop it, now.

Tony looked up at her face and made a little animal sound as his orgasm rushed through him and flooded up into Debbie. When she felt his orgasm rushed into her again, she was only just behind him as she frantically gripped his pumping cock. Debbie felt totally exhausted, but very fulfilled, as she lay down on Tony’s chest while the warm rhythm pounded through them both.

When it was done, he felt even bigger inside her, and Debbie was a little sore as she eased up off of his still hard cock and flopped down on the bed beside him. A hot glow was in her now, that spread out through her from deep inside. Their juices ran down her thigh onto the bed, she smiled to herself as she lay her head on his shoulder. She would love to stop, but she had to get back on duty., but to her amazement he was still hard and wanted more. Before she left she slipped her telephone number into the drawer of his locker.’ Just you give me a call as soon as you are out of here darling boy, you need a lot more treatment yet and I'm just the girl for that.’

oooooOOOOOooooo

“ Right turn off caps.”  The master at Arms ordered. “ Sir Able Seaman Nash is charged that ,contrary to good order and Naval discipline that he broke into the WRNS quarters on Friday 9th July . And that he was found in the bed having sexual intercourse with one of one of the ratings Wren Tranter ” ‘Do you plead Guilty or not Guilty Nash? ‘Not guilty Sir’ @What do you mean man@ the captain asked. ‘I did not break in sir, I was invited in’ What are the details Number One? The captain asked. “ He was apprehended by the duty officer, who heard giggling in the woman’s quarters after lights out. This is the fourth time in a week that Nash has been in trouble for similar offences Sir .”“Was it the same girl each time.”? “No Sir ‘ Did the girls complain?’‘No Sir. In fact all the WRNS in the quarter are making an official complaint ,that the duty officer invaded their privacy sir.’“Are you married Nash? ‘No, sir‘ ‘Has he seen the MO?’’ Yes Sir. - They report that he has an exceptional sex drive , and are completely baffled . The MO thinks that he is some sort of sexual freak. It’s all in his papers Sir.’

‘What did the MO actually say - the exact words if you please.’ ‘Well sir.’ The First Lieutenant replied looking completely embarrassed. He said. ‘The MO said I don’t know what he’s on - but when I find out I’m having some. Sir.’ The Captain was not pleased at the outburst of laughter. ‘I’m standing you down while I consider this offence in more detail. Meanwhile you are confined to Barracks.’ ‘On cap - about turn quick march.’ The Captain was not sure what he could do about Nash. The MO told him later .‘He is unique, and medical science is totally baffled.’

The Captain privately wondered if it was catching , but the MO had assured him that regretfully it was not. But the Captain did have a glimmering of an idea, being married to a younger women with a high sex drive, and also having a mistress did have it’s drawbacks. Once a week was all right for a wife, but once a night was too much for an ageing man who had a mistress to satisfy.- he shook his head in despair.

“That night Captain the Lord John Furness sat on the lawn in the warm evening sunshine with his second wife Debbie. He decided to float his idea and see if his wife would bite. ‘I had an interesting case at defaulters today dear.’ ‘His wife’s attention was very much concerned with the forthcoming wedding of his eldest daughter which she was obliged to arrange as her stepmother , so her attention was not immediately engaged on what her husband was saying. ‘Yes Dear.’ she replied dutifully. ‘Yes I have this sailor who can’t keep his cock under control. He has been found in the WRNS quarters four times recently, and I have to punish him somehow.’“What are you going to punish him for?’“Being in the WRNS quarters - silly women.’ he said exasperated at his wife’s attitude.

“Did the WRNS complain?” “Apparently not - in fact the girls tried to hide him. The MO told me that because of this man ,the demand for the pill has gone up 300% since he’s been in barracks.” Debbie sat up listening intently, her married life was not at all sexually active, and now she was sure that John had got a mistress she was feeling very deprived .   Night after night he found an excuse not to satisfy her , and she was beginning to get desperate, for she was still quite young and she knew that she had quite a high sex drive.

‘Send him to me dear -I can use him helping with the wedding arrangements in the garden. there are no WRNS here and a bit of hard work might do him good’ ‘Not a bad idea darling.’ John said with a hint of a smile on his face. His wife looking up saw the satisfied smile , as he again hid behind his newspaper. The captain was very pleased with his crafty idea ; he thought that Nash might relieve him of most of his immediate marital responsibilities , and Janice his Secretary would be very happy, he would be able to pay her more attention..

It was next morning the Chief Buffer faced Tony a huge smile on his face. ‘I’ve got a good job for you Nash .’ ‘Sure Chief anything’ Tony replied his mind quickly running over the various horrible possibilities. With only four weeks left before his time was up - he was not really fussy what he was going to do. ‘How do you fancy working at the Captains house, being a ladies maid. -. Good practice for civvy street - His daughter is getting married in three days time, so they want some one like you to help out with the arrangements, and to serve the drinks and all that crap.- So off you go, put your best skirt on , you never know, she just might keep you as her toy boy. Oh and take your kit with you - will be living there for a few days to keep you out of trouble.’

He said with a loud guffaw of laughter , mystified by the curt order he had received from the Captain’s Secretary to send him to the Captains house. Tony arrived as the Marquee was in the last stages of being erected. The work was being supervised by a very elegant slim lady in her early thirties.’’

Tony had seen her round the barracks several times. He had always thought of her as being elegant ,rather than pretty. Although now looking at her more closely he began to change his mind. She was really quite beautiful, especially when she smiled, she was slim with a fabulous figure, blue eyes and long auburn hair which swept in waves over her slim shoulders. The speck of dirt on the end of her nose, also made her look quite cute he thought ,as he stood looking at her. His mind on other things rather than work.

He knew that she was the captains second wife and some years younger than him. It was Mary, one of the two daughters, from the Captains first marriage who was to be the bride tomorrow. Tony stood there quietly admiring Lady Furness and watching her carefully , his imagination working hard. He liked older women and the thought of her in his arms, and what they could do together, didn't bear thinking about. He adjusted his trousers carefully to make room for his growing erection.

"Can anyone join in, she asked playfully, or is it a game for one.? Tony blushed profusely, noting with embarrassment, that she was looking pointedly at his bulging crotch, which he was vainly trying to hide. "Reporting for wedding duties madam." “Why do you think the bridegroom can’t cope.” She replied. Tony trying hard to hide his confusion, and highly embarrassed about his growing erection., was not paying full attention to what she was saying. 

Suddenly, to his embarrassment he heard her soft lilting Irish voice speak again. Her beautiful blue eyes were gazing at him. "Hello. Is anyone at home?" She smiled broadly as she spoke. Her eyes fixed on him with their twinkle made him blush.  Her soft lilting voice with its soft Irish brogue was asking.  Tony blushed. "Sorry ma'am just daydreaming."

“I’ll ask you again. -Don't you think the bridegroom can cope, or shall I ask the bride if she needs you for an encore?" Her tinkling laugh ringing round the garden, bringing curious looks from the workmen. Tony felt himself blushing even harder - he didn't know what to say so he said nothing. "What's your name?" “Tony ma’am Tony Nash - Ah yes the AB who has been molesting the WRNS” “ Call me Debbie - I’m the Captain’s wife, s  and I don’t stand on ceremony.”

“Go and see the Wren cook and have a coffee .Leave your kit in the kitchen ,and get back to me in 20 minutes time. I want you to help me lay out the tables and chairs for the reception, when this lot are finished and please leave the girls alone."Reporting back, they worked steadily together for a time in complete silence setting up the trestle tables and laying rugs, then pinning the table clothes to hide the trestles underneath. Eventually she stopped, wiping her perspiring brow. She told him.

"I've got to go to meet the caterers. When you are finished, get your kit upstairs, the girls know where you have to go, and hang around here, and I'll be back just after lunch." Tony had lunch in the kitchen with Suzy and Karen two of the Wrens he knew very well , and who had been in the hut when he had been caught by the duty officer.. All through lunch they teased him relentlessly about the Captains wife. “Watch her she’s got an eye for the younger man.. She might just want to move you in permanently, with your reputation -and your room would be next to hers, that could be great fun for you.”
