 A young beautiful woman and middle aged man find love in the bizarre and extreme environment of an exclusive sex club that specialized in extreme teasing and hot sex.

She liked to make an impression immediately. Candy took the erection that unfurled in front of her in her hand and opened her mouth and throat and swallowed the thick over excited shaft to the hilt. The owner of the lucky cock groaned breathlessly in amazement as she swallowed him easily and caressed his swollen balls with her fingernails. He had to draw upon every ounce of restraint to not blow his whole load inside her warm tight throat. She looked unbelievably hot lying on her back across a small school desk. Her pretty honey blonde hair braided into pigtails either side of the angelic face that had just swallowed his cock in one gulp. Her exquisite torso pushed upwards by her position on the desk. Her legs were spread and another man dressed in old-fashioned schoolmasters robes knelt before her sighing excitedly as he looked closely at the lifted hem of her plaid school uniform skirt and the tight white cotton panties that stretched across the outline of her folds. They were sopping wet from the performance she and Chloe had just given. He inhaled their sexual fragrance and continued to moan helplessly as he moved closer to her and began to kiss the soft cotton and her swollen pussy.

Through the gap in the first man's legs Candy could see her friend Chloe lying on another desk. Two more men dressed in similar school master garb were fondling her luscious breasts that strained at the cotton blouse she wore. Her school tie had been pulled away and the buttons unfastened so that her tight sexy low cut white cotton and lace bra was revealed. Her ample breasts were crushed into a succulent cleavage that satisfied the tit loving onlookers who watched the scene on closed circuit television from the multiple cameras in the room from their suites throughout the building. Candy enjoyed the idea that sometimes when she did this, a hundred men and women would orgasm when she did.

Chloe was everything Candy was not but both of them were breathtakingly beautiful women and the most highly regarded in the club. Chloe was nearly 5'10" tall with shapely legs that went all the way up to her pert round ass. Her 38C breasts were firm and round and had the most fantastic large aureole and thick nipples 'like a builders thumb' as someone had commented. She was slender and generously curved with a hard body from working out regularly. Her olive complexion and sparkling green eyes were framed by long black satin hair that was bunched seductively into cute pony tails each side of her stunning face which was also voraciously engaged in sucking cock. 

It was the man who stood between Chloe's legs that made Candy's heart skip a beat. She slid the cock in her mouth free and gulped in some air as the relieved man moaned, his cock throbbing almost uncontrollably. The man kissing her pussy had slid her panties aside and was now fingering her pussy vigorously and suckling excitedly at her clit and Candy's pussy responded with a flood of wetness that pleased him. Candy groaned sexily. Not because of the pussy licking but because she recognised the tall Afro American man that was about to go down on her friend. Seeing him again evoked a flood of sexy memories and a simultaneous moral dilemma for her.

Nathan was the best fuck and the best lover she had ever had, the only individual male that had completely satisfied her. He was in his forties and despite the cliché of black men with big cocks; he was an unbelievably intuitive and empathic lover who brought women to the brink of ecstasy with an unselfish and complete devotion to them. Despite his girth and length he knew that the vital G-spots of a woman's sex were only inches away from the opening and when the psychological turn on of his size and the physical stretching of a pussy had relaxed into the gentle flow of excited juices Nathan would hold his thickness just inside a cunt until the lucky girls was writhing in pleasure and shooting off floods of wetness. 

Candy kissed the tip of the cock bobbing in front of her as the man reached inside her blouse to touch her small firm breasts. The athletic looking young man stared lasciviously down at the most delicious piece of eye candy imaginable a petite blonde, slender nubile and curvaceous. She had long shapely legs and creamy silken skin with sensuous thighs displayed exquisitely in the sexy tailor made school uniform. Her firm round pert alluring ass had commanded attention and pouted deliciously when she and Chloe had teased them her ass was the stuff of his every waking fantasy and filled the soft flimsy white cotton teen panties that were now stretched aside by the enthusiastic older ma who suckled her sex like a thirsty traveler. Her 34B-22-34 figure squeezed into the short plaid skirt hoisted around her waist and a tightly fitted white cotton blouse that encased the perfect globes of her breasts. At 25 Candy still looked every part the petite sexy schoolgirl. The club spent a fortune on the tailor made costumes and both girls looked exquisitely sexy for the five men that surrounded them both and pawed at their bodies like men do with gourmet entrees when they can barely wait for the main course.

Candy and Chloe had provided an unbelievably sexy show for the men in the room and the video audience. They dressed and undressed, fondled each other and inserted all kinds of items from their school bags into their hot wet pussies. Candy could still taste the scent of Chloe's hot juices as she flicked her tongue over the younger mans cock tip until he began to shiver in excitement again. The man kissing her clit had done his magic and she began to shiver and moan long and low as her first orgasm gripped her. She clutched the cock in her hand and shredded his cock hard as she continued to kiss, blow and lick at his tip. As she came she heard the sound of clothing tearing. Through the haze of her orgasm and the flood of wetness that followed as the eager licker sucked at her clit and rammed his fingers into her hot pussy she could see Chloe writhing sensuously beckoning the black man to enter her. She had torn her own panties off in her excitement as he had rubbed the tip of his giant across them until she had orgasmed so many times she was begging for it. Her blouse lay open and the bra had been pulled down so her magnificent breasts were lifted up by the under-wire the man at her head was slapping his cock between the cleavage and letting her run her tongue over it. Chloe was distracted by Nathan's cock though and could think of almost nothing else than having him inside her. Nathan knew how to drive a woman crazy with desire, he knew how to satisfy them with his mouth, his fingers and his cock and when he entered them they gushed like waterfalls and screamed like banshees.

Candy remembered how good it was. No it wasn't just good it was fantastic. Her pussy was gushing now because of this image. The rules of the club were that all ejaculations should be visible- meaning that everyone came on you not in you but with Nathan she could not resist clamping him inside her and taking every drop of his hot cum into her mouth her cunt and her hot ass. Candy loved anal and anal with Nathan was divine. She had promised never to be with him again. It had been too complicated anyway. Whilst her lover and patron of the club was mind numbingly turned on by her screwing other men when it came to Nathan he was outrageously jealous. It was a tough decision between the best sex ever and the best man she had ever been with but she went with her heart and not her insatiable lust for hot sex.

When Nathan began to fuck Chloe she raised the roof with her screams. His thick cock stretching her shaved pussy apart and held a short distance inside her until she began to shiver. He knew where her G spot was by her moans and screams for joy and the insistent begging that he fuck her. She writhed and twisted eagerly to take more of him inside her but he held her legs apart and kept his cock inside only a little more with each stroke increased his tempo then waited for her to squirt withdrew and started again. The man at Chloe's face had given up hoping for her to resume her sucking and stroked his own cock as he looked at the scene.

Candy was horny as hell now and pulled the hair of the man between her legs away from her pussy and directed him to sit on the chair beside the desk. She kissed him sexily and unfastened her short skirt flung it to the floor then unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. Candy in bra and panties was a porn photographers dream come true. She unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor with three pairs of eyes watching it fall and consuming the luscious vision of her round pert breasts bobbing gently the nipples erect from the evenings teasing. The rules were that Candy always left her panties on. Only the patron got to make love to her naked and he kept every one of her cum soaked panties catalogued.

She slid her panties aside and hovered over the seated man's cock directing him to enter her as she squatted astride him. She was tight and hot and her juices dribbled down his cock as he entered her eagerly. This is what he had dreamed of since seeing her as a young insatiable nineteen-year old being fucked in a school uniform. She had been part of every masturbation fantasy that he could remember and he paid his membership each year in the vain hope that some day he would be sliding his cock into her unbelievably hot cunt. She sat down on him and kissed him sweetly, which made his cock throb with the tenderness then her tongue entered his mouth and he thought he would die from the pleasure. She began to slide up and down on his cock and he thrust at her to slap her groin against his until she began to shiver from her first vaginal orgasm. Behind her the other man poured lubricant over his cock and came up behind her to fondle her delicious ass. He caught her buns in one hand and roughly thrust a thumb into her ass causing her to moan. Candy loved it in her ass and she loved double penetration. His thumb deep in her ass followed her sliding gyrating movements on the cock lifting up almost so that his cock escaped her then plunging down hard.

'Fuck my hot little ass ..... Mmmmmm do my ass with that big hard cock... Mmmmmm.' 

She squealed in orgasm writhing sensuously perspiration rolling down her breasts, love juice drizzling between her thighs. The back door man moved his distorted cock to her ass buttonhole and as she hovered sexily as he pushed into her deep aided by the lubricant. She screamed and reveled in the pleasure and then let both men thrust at her as she hovered and wriggled and squirmed. The third man had moved closer to the threesome and as she finished convulsing from her first DP orgasm she beckoned with her eyes that she wanted his cock too, licking her lips and holding out her hands. The two men thrust deep inside her and fondled her luscious curves and squeezed at her nipples in a frenzy of hot fucking spurred on by her shivering orgasms. He took little encouragement and knelt on the desk so he could slap his cock in front of her voracious lips. The thrashing pumping screaming moaning frenzy that followed accompanied by Chloe blood curdling screams and cries for him to cum in her and Nathan's own pleasure rising filled the room for almost half an hour then as if on cue Nathan pulled from Chloe and shot streams of cum over her sexy tits with the same action repeated by the three men shagging Candy. She knew the signs of their orgasm and one by one pulled them from her sticky sweet orifices and let them cum on her tits, ass and face in a spectacular cum-fest of a finale 

Chloe and Candy licked each man clean together and then left the room for the bathroom covered in sticky warm cum. The effect was explosive, members in rooms all over the building reached for their remotes to replay the scene from a dozen different angles amplifying the cries and screams of the women and the exhausted moans of the men.

Sex like this had become a regular monthly occurrence for Candy. She was 19 when she had first had sex with her boss. Intense flirting, teasing and the exquisite eroticism of delaying passion had always excited her. Since early adolescence she had been patently aware of the power she had to attract men and learned early how to use her lithe body, honey blond hair and angelic facial features to get what she wanted. Though beautiful and desirable Candy was not conceited but when combined with her penchant for extreme flirting and teasing she had a reputation for being a 'cock tease' or a 'hot bitch' more often than she cared to remember by guys who didn't understand the subtlety of delayed gratification. Her boss was one who not only understood it but also encouraged her to play the tease for months before they finally had some of the first enjoyable sex she had had. Older men seemed to have all of the qualities she enjoyed. He took his time, enjoyed the theatre of her dressing up in revealing clothing and sexy underwear, he loved to play fantasy games, he loved making her cum with his fingers and mouth frequently and intensely, he adored her body and worshipped it and made her feel special and beautiful never slutty. He enjoyed kissing so much that he once made her cum without touching her. Most of all the sheer power of driving a man insane with passion with the barest glimpse of her body or touch excited her and when he finally entered her and came deep in her pussy, ass or mouth the pleasure was indescribable and addictive. 

It had been him that had first introduced her to the Extreme Tease Club. That had been six years and almost as many relationships ago. The fatal flaw with Candy was that she was as sweet, caring, faithful and compassionate as she was beautiful. Whilst that makes wonderful attributes for a wife and mother when combined with her healthy desire for hot sex it made for a life of jealousy and disappointment from partners her own age. Most men couldn't believe their luck when they met her, fucked her at every opportunity and then inevitably suspected her of fooling around because they had difficulty in keeping up with her appetite. Some left with bruised egos others took advantage of her sweet nature. She was too good to be true. It was only at the club she found the sexual gratification she desired and was venerated as a Goddess for her creativity, generosity and beauty. Love came to Candy in a most surprising way. She had had an affair with a patron of the club on and off between her relationships for almost six years on and off. His sexual status had been diagnosed as impotent. Yet it was he she loved. She loved him so much she even declined more of the best sex she had ever experienced for him. It had only dawned on her in the last six months that she loved him, whilst he had been besotted by her from the start and loved her with a patient devotion thinking all the time that her reciprocating his affections with more than sex was a vane folly.

The warm feeling that enveloped her body seemed to emanate from his hand, which cupped her firm round breast. His fingers rolling the nipple between them, his arm encircling her as she lay on his smooth, muscular chest. She glanced down the hallway at the trail of clothing that littered the floor from the door to the bedroom. It was always good when he had watched her at the club. Her skirt lay in a crumpled heap near the door where she had peeled it off hurriedly, her pink halter-top in the hallway, the sweet silky bra nearby and her favourite pink panties lay on the bed crumpled and wet with the juices of her excitement. She had wanted him inside her so much that she tore his clothes off as they moved to the bedroom and he could think of nothing else. She became aware of the wet liquid trickling from her swollen pussy lips, running down her inner thigh 'Mmmmmmmmmmm it felt so nice.' His was the only cum she let inside her.

Tom Weatherly was a wealthy patron of the Extreme Tease Club. The club was an exclusive one with a very selective membership. Members were either wealthy enough to patronize the organization by paying subscriptions or organising 'XT parties' or were invited by member because they had both the right look and the right attitude to be members. Usually this meant exquisitely beautiful women, handsome well-endowed men but it also meant that they enjoyed and were good at extreme teasing. Candy fell into these categories having her first experience at the club dressed as a school-girl at age 19 and now at 25 still found her visits to the club exciting, working each time to make every visit more creative and extreme. The club was tremendously generous and funded clothing, makeup, and sex-toys and welcomed ideas for new scenarios, themes and parties. Some of the girls and men were paid for their services but Candy only took the money offered for costumes, makeup and beauty treatments. What she did was for art and a longing for sexual gratification that few men could satisfy.

Candy had first met the patron when she was 19 and their subsequent affair sat between each of her faithful relationships. When each relationship failed she returned to the club and to Tom, both made her feel appreciated and wanted. She loved to feel wanted and desired. Several of her lovers had been encouraged to also come to the club and enjoyed the opportunity for threesomes but this didn't seem to relieve the jealousy of men who wanted to possess her simply enraged and inflamed them because no one man could satisfy her. They had cuddled in the car on the way home from the club. Candy had showered and dressed re wearing in the sticky damp cotton bikini panties to her body she had worn at the club beneath her short skirt. 

Tom drank in the view down her top and the raised hemline for a moment before she leaned forward and kissed him. Her moist lips touched so gently, so excitingly softly. She felt him shiver with excitement as the moisture of her lips gloss slid across his lips and they breathed the same air. His hand reached up, slid around her waist, and pulled her toward him earnestly. This minute touch and first kiss betraying the urgency of how much he wanted her. His hand slid around her slender waist and as he pulled her toward him, she felt her breasts brush against him. His kisses became more urgent with each moment, as he moved his hand from her waist up to her naked back. 

When he first touched her skin, she felt him sigh. She let him kiss and caress her back softly closing her eyes and savoured the increasing urgency of his lips against hers, his fingers lightly brushing her naked back. She broke free from his eager lips and smiled at him then kissed his bottom lip tenderly, wetly sliding her own across it and biting it seductively then licking it with her tongue. She moved her hands to the nape of his neck and brushed the back of his short hair line as she attacked his mouth passionately plunging her tongue into his mouth knowing he was excited because his hand ceased brushing her and clasped her tightly pulling her closer to him. Tom was handsome and fit. His dark ruddy features and fanatical attention to his body fitness and health had made him a well-preserved older man and Candy liked the look of him, particularly his gentle blue eyes, soft grey hair and sensuous lips that she enjoyed now. This was such a contrast to the extreme sex of the club. The patron took forever to undress her, he spent an eternity suckling and fondling her. He brought her to orgasm countless times unselfishly evoking her shivers until her pussy was a shimmering stream of wetness and her body ached to be entered. 

The patron was wealthy he was fifty two years old and had three failed marriages to beautiful but self absorbed women that had strained his financial assets to breaking point. On the advice of his financial advisors he was told that if it flew, floated or fucked he was better off renting it and so he became a patron of the Extreme tease club. Partly because it gave him the best sex he could ever see or have and partly because his ego, battered from the three failed marriages, had left him psychologically scarred and diagnosed with impotence, all psychological, not physical but nonetheless real. It had been when he first saw Candy that he had his first erection in a long time and then the subsequent affairs with her developed into something more over the years than sex. She had not only cured his impotence but his faith in humanity. Whilst the patron could have been the best sugar daddy of all time for the financially struggling Candy she refused any money from him and even went Dutch at restaurants with him. The only thing she let him pay for was his panty collection. He collected every panty she owned that she had had sex in since they met. A small fortune in lingerie but every man has to have a hobby and that was his.
