 I'm a normal college student. Perhaps I have a higher penchant for dick than most girls my age but whatever. Maybe I should I introduce myself; I'm Liz. I'm 20 years old, I look 16 and I love cock. I'm small, 120 pounds, barely five feet, pretty eyes, pretty in general, two mouthfuls of tits and a couple handfuls of ass each cheek. 

I don't know if my boyfriend turned me into a cum-guzzling whore, or if the hint was there when I was twelve and discovered masturbation. I couldn't go to sleep without touching my pussy at least once, usually twice and when I was really horny as many times 'til I couldn't take anymore and passed out. (Cumming as a sleep aid; maybe I should market that and rake in the dough!) My sleeping arrangements sucked, though, because I shared a room with my sister and brother, and they would just barge in and I would jump, my hand flying out of my pants, "I'm FUCKIN'sleepin!!!" while I really meant "I was almost there (fuckkkkk)". (Who did I think I was kidding?) 

My boyfriend, Lee, rules me in bed, but that's fine by me because I'm naturally submissive. I like to be told what to do and ordered around like some cheap slut. I love to give head and his load is a reward for a dick well sucked. 

I like rough, passionate, sweaty, screaming screwing and when I bring his hand to my neck, he'll choke me and pound me even harder. He teases me and tortures me and plays with me and makes me beg for it. And like a bitch in heat I do...I whine and plead because I need it so bad. He'll stand a bit aways and stroke himself and ask me "you love this cock baby? How much do you love it?". And I spread my legs as wide as they can go and reply "thiiis much...pleeease." And then he slides up my cock alley and fucks me and fucks me and I moan and pant and scream shamelessly because I really don't care if I make an ass of myself...I just need it to get off...and I do.

Anyways, I've been away, 16 hours away, from my baby boy and cock master, Lee, for a grand total of ten days now. I'm dying to have my cunt eaten or filled or have a cock in my mouth, but I'm a (mostly) good girl so I will stay true to him because, I know, he has a magnificent fuckstick and he knows how to work it on me to leave me dazed and glassy-eyed and grinnin' like a fool. 

He's five feet, eleven inches tall. Lee has blonde, curly hair, beautiful blue eyes, a wicked smile and a nice body. All this girl can do all by her lonesome is read Literotica and fantasize about the sexual fireworks that are bound to ignite when we meet again. It's September 13th today and I can't have his cock until October 7th so these thoughts keep me going until then...here's a little imagining...sorry if it's annoying, but it's written like stream-of-consciousness.

I can't get off the plane fast enough...I walk out to baggage claim and there you are...lounging against the wall. You glance up and catch my eye and smile that beautiful smile and then, like in a movie, I'm in your arms. We kiss and you dip your tongue into my waiting mouth and I've been dying for this moment. Our tongues meet and meld and my pussy grinds against your stiffened seven and a half inch cock. You tilt my head back to get at my neck and bite me harshly, leaving your mark on me to let everyone know this woman is claimed and as a reminder to me that you own me. My skirt is pushed up and you grab my ass to pull me closer; then you realize I'm not wearing underwear and stick your fingers in my already wet hole and you kiss me again. We finally break apart, breathless, and we gotta get out of this airport. You lead me, half-stumbling and dizzy and clutching at you. 

Finally at the car...you go to open the driver's side door, but I say no and climb in the back. You follow and we make out as I fumble with the taut fabric of your pants, straining with your cock's urgency. I take out your dick and scoot down to have a closer look. I lightly run fingers down your shaft and it rears up to my mouth. 

"Oh so that's what you want," I say laughingly. But I want that too...my tongue takes the place of my fingers and, god! I missed the taste of your cock...I slurp the pre-cum off the tip and take your dick into my mouth. I suck and lick and stroke your cock with my mouth and hand with urgency and I don't stop til you come. 

You moan as I suck every last bit of come out, for now anyways. We lay there panting for a moment and I remember how good it feels to be in your arms. You hold me, and my pussy is pressing and rubbing against your leg with a mind of its own. I want your cock in me...we disentangle and get in the front. 

As we drive to the hotel you rub my clit, then slide your fingers into my gushing hole...you finger-fuck me then go back to my clit, applying the barest amount of pressure then continue around my swollen nub in slow circles...I whimper and you slip your fingers back in me. You continue to tease me until we reach the hotel.

We can't get checked in fast enough...finally at the room...I see the bed and don't even look around. I rush in and strip off my clothes and lay on the bed, pussy throbbing, my ass moving of its own volition, I beg you to hurry up, come on, but you just stand at the foot of the bed smiling that cocky smile of yours and say "nice". 

"Come on baby," I beg, "you can tease me later, just fill me up NOW!" 

"No," you say, "I think I'm gonna have some fun..." You open up the bag you have with you and take out my collar. 

"What are you?" you ask. 

"Lee's Lil Cumslut." 

"Very good," you reply, as you click my collar into place, "And for how long?" 

"Ever and ever," I answer, a hint of desperation creeping into my voice. 

"And who gives you pleasure and makes you cum even better than you can make yourself orgasm?" 

"You do," I gasp, my pussy just one huge centre of aching. I can feel my juices running down between my thighs but you don't seem to notice or even care. 

"Turn over," you command and I obediently flip over, my legs splayed...but you don't touch me yet. 

I hear the zipper of the bag open again and I wonder what you have in store for me. Cold lotion squirts on my back, I inhale sharply and immediately start to protest, "No, no I don't want a massage, please baby, please fuck me." 

You laugh, "Well, honey, you always said I don't give you enough massages, and I want to make sure my little slut's satisfied, right?" 

I curse the complaints I made and wriggle my ass a bit in want and need. You straddle my ass-up body, leaning forward to tie a blindfold across my eyes, which seems to make my skin and the pulsating center of my body ache even more acutely. Then you rub my back in long leisurely strokes, slipping your hands down to knead my ass and slap it every now and then. 

I hear a slow zipper noise and you pull out your dick so that it's right at the entrance to my pussy...as you lean forward to do my shoulders, the tip of your cock slips in and I immediately push against it to take in as much as I can. You slap my ass hard, hard enough to bring tears to my eyes, but the few seconds he was in me was so worth it. 

"Oh no," you say, "this won't do. What am I supposed to do with a bad lil cumslut? I can't even give her a rub-down without her trying to disobey...what am I supposed to do?" 

"Fuck me?" I venture...but that only brings me another spanking...I hear the zipper of your pants go back up and the zipper of the bag open.

"Turn over," you order.

I comply and you pinch my nipples roughly, then attach a pair of those nipple clamps with the chains, and you pull me up by the chains between my breasts to a sitting position. 

"Kneel," you command, and I do so.

You take your cock out and my mouth opens, but you rub your dick on my face, the scent of your fresh cum still apparent and my mouth is empty and waiting, but you retreat and I hear you stroking your dick, the dick that I want either in my pussy or my mouth. 

This makes me mad. I rip off my blindfold and while I was still blinded you took off your clothes. 

"Come here," I say, trying my best at a commanding voice. You just laugh at me. 

"I guess you'll just have to wait even longer..." 

"No, I don't," I nearly scream, this close to having a tantrum, "Fine...I'll just touch myself..." 

I lean back on the bed and rub my tortured clit, slipping my fingers inside, then back to my clit. You grab handcuffs and jump on the bed, straddling my figure and forcing my arms above my head. You click the cuffs in place then take my leash and tie my hands to the headboard. You sit back on your heels, satisfied, then lean down over me to smooth the hair out of my face...you whisper in my ear, "You shouldn't have struggled...told ya I've been working out..." 

"Please Lee," I say, "please baby. I missed you so much, I' ve been so good, please fuck me or touch me or eat me...please, I need you." 

You kiss me and I kiss you back, as your fingers idly wander to my breasts to torture my nipples. They are so erect I wonder how they don't fall off. You start sucking on my nips and I moan, shameless as usual, I missed this so much, I feel your naked skin on mine and my hips rise to touch yours as you lick and suck one tit, your right hand caresses the other and your other hand creeps down to feel my gash. 

I am absolutely soaked. My clit is swollen , and you shift your body down the bed. I hold my breath...I feel you breathe on my inner thigh, my pussy moves on its own, trying to find your mouth. I arch upwards and you suck my clit suddenly and I cry out. You nonchalantly return to my nipples and I feel my eyes tear with this delicious longing...I want you so bad. You rub your dick against my dripping pussy as your lips find mine...I open my legs in open invitation but I don't try anything stupid. You slide your cock closer and closer to penetration and, as you deepen the kiss. Inch by delicious inch you slip into my and I moan and cry and you're in me finally. You stay motionless...for a few moments...and then withdraw...I try to wrap my legs around you but it's of no avail. 

You leave my pussy and make your way up...I know what's coming...you fuck my mouth and say "Suck every last drop of your pussy juice" and I eagerly do so. I only want to please...then I know I'll get my reward...You withdraw again and I say nothing, the rocking of my hips and glistening wetness the only info you need. 

"Very good," you tell me, "it looks like you learned some self-control." You flip me over...my ass up in the air...I'm panting with desperate horniness and you start fucking me. Your dick slips in and out in a dizzying rhythm and I grunt and swear and take you all in. You fuck me doggy-style, like the bitch I am. You rub my clit and as you plunge deep and that is enough to send me over the edge and I nearly collapse with the exhilaration...the intensity of my orgasm that leaves me shaking and quivering. You keep fucking me until you are ready to come and you sit on my chest and jerk yourself over my open mouth. I want to touch you or stroke your cock but I'm tied to the bed and all I can do is lie there and wait for you to come all over my face...as you come, you groan, then gather the bits of gizz for me to suck off your fingers.

You untie me and lean down to kiss me gently and then say "I love you baby." 

You gather me in your arms and we fall asleep and I feel so safe and satisfied and right.