 When I was younger I would get so fuckin hard my dick would hurt. 

I could only fuck about 20 minutes before blowing a load. I just had to finish. It actually hurt like it would be damaged.

It was like I needed to finish. I could fuck two sometimes three times a night back then.

Now that I'm a bit older I don't get so hard so it hurts and I can fuck pretty much as long as I like but girls I have found don't like to fuck more than about 45 minutes.

My current girl is first girl I've ever met who loves to fuck for hours.

The first few times we would screw three or four times a night. But, that's a bit of a stretch for me anymore.

I related to her that although it was pleasurable the 3rd and 4th time that she I always wish she could have felt what I was like as a young man.

I never needed any Viagra help but she wondered if the raging boner of yesteryear could be returned.

I was able to get some Cialis from a friend and took the whole pill not knowing what dosage I would need for my recreational adventure

Holy shit, after playing with myself for a bit I realized this thing was not going down.

I called my girlfriend and told her what I had done and she was so excited she blew over to my place super quick.

When she arrived I was tenting badly. She grabbed a pillow off the bed and dropped to her knees. 

Now, she deep throats pretty good but can only take about 1/2 of my dick in her mouth and throat.

We changed to 69 when her jaw got sore. It didn't take too long as I am blessed with substantial girth and am about 9 1/2 inches long.

My girlfriend is really proud of her big tits and loves walking around the house naked. 

She also loves me to tit fuck her tit because she can engulf my dick and still suck all the tip and some of the shaft while I pump her big titties.

By this time I am so hard it hurts reminding me I was 18 again. The medicine was wonderful and I didn't feel like coming yet.

I had to have some relief so I slid my big ol' dick into her warm pussy. Wonderful. 

We had discovered in previous encounters that I could not just go pounding away without hurting her, so I rolled over on my back and let her sit on it.

She ground around a bit and starting to go for what we call "the magic inch" You know, when the tip of your dick hits the top of her vagina!

I can feel it slide by the cervix and up to the top of her sweet sweet hole. 

Usually I wait but this time I needed to come sooner as I'm still so fucking hard my dick hurts.

She's still grinding around when I realize if I concentrate I could come. I'm hurting so bad I'm ready.

I start thrusting a bit more when she just fucking goes off. Cumming like crazy. Well she tightened up and I thrust her about 20 more times and came bucket load.

I was completely buried in her but the cum ran out anyway. Ahhh, relief. 

My Hard on subsided a bit and didn't hurt as much but then I realized I was still as hard as my usual self. Great.

I rolled her over on her back and started pumping away. She asked, "Didn't you cum?!" Yes, "I came but I'm not done"

I pulled out and the cum came rushing out in a gooey mess. At this point I don't care. 

I get her on a four doggy style and shove my new harder bigger dick into her in one stroke.

She cried out a bit but after fucking her for few more minutes she came in a rush crying, "Oh my fucking god, fuck me more pleeese!"

My dick is so fucking hard again I'm starting to hurt again. Now I'm throwing the cock into her furiously and she can barely breathe. 

I'm sweating all over her pounding away. I come a second time and keep on pounding her. 

She loves doggy style but I'm hitting the top of her cunt at this point pretty much every stroke.

Dammit, she says, "You're killing me. Am I going to have to call in some help?" We had talked about threesomes but I never imagined this would be today.

We've been stroking for 40 minutes straight at this point. She rolls over onto her back, has me straddle her again and takes me in her mouth.

She's so fucking horny but her pussy needs a break so she deep throats me. She cups my balls and pulls them slowly one at a time to lick with her tongue.

She chews on the shaft and I fuckin lose my shit and cum again. She buries her face even farther and pulls my balls up where she can lick them. 

Good thing I'm not cumming so much now as some of it comes out her nose but most goes right down her throat.

Finally! I pull out of her face. Her make up has run down her cheeks but she looks so fucking excited! 

Great, my Dick is starting to soften but she is just grinning and grabs her phone while she rubs the tip of my dick all around her face. 

Her friend answers the phone and I find out it's on facetime. Fuck, it's Jill. She a tiny girl with tiny titties and a sweet sweet smile. 

Not really my type but at this point my girlfriend is sore and I'm getting really hard again. And I'm just thinking about how tight her little pussy might be.

And I hope she's thinking what I'm thinking.

Then it hits me, this is the four hour thing they talk about on TV.

I've never been with Jill but it turns out she's a total slut. Who knew? She looks breakable really. Well, Judy knew. She tells me most all her friends are sluts like it a good thing. It is.

And they all know about me and my "better than average size" I have my doubts as I've never met anyone who loves sex more than Judy. 

This is a girl who blows me while I eat breakfast or watch football. 

But right now I'm thinking about Jill. Her perfect teeth and maybe she might like to chew on my dick while I eat her out.

Judy is blowing me again and calling someone else. I have no idea who it is. Never saw her before. Judy has her headset on so I can't hear what this girl is saying.

At this point I should reveal that I am shit at math. I'm an artist not a numbers person. Judy works in an office with numbers. Yes, we have fucked there.

She loves to bend over with her round ass in the air and her knees on the seat of the chair while I pound away for 5 0r 10 minutes. 

We then ride down to the first floor with the cum running down her leg. If I finger her she will cum before we hit the first floor. 

But that's a story for another time. 

She's working the math. 4 hours 20 minutes each fucking. That 12 times. No way I'll cum 12 times. I'm in great shape so 4 hours maybe, just maybe.

Jill arrives and comes to the bedroom with the most lecherous grin I've ever seen on a girl. My dick is so fucking hard it hurts again. She doesn't hesitate.

I'm laying flat on my back, my dick is pointing straight up. I'm expecting some kind of foreplay but this girl strips off her tiny little dress. 

She isn't wearing panties. I get fucking even harder. The head of my dick is purple. She crawls up on the bed, tennis shoes and all. 

Positions herself and drops onto my dick like it's nothing. OMFG, this girl is tight tight tight but damn can she ever take a dick. 

I can feel the head hitting the top of her puss as she slams down again and again and again and again. I'm not huge but way bigger than average.

She goes about 30 strokes and cums in a flood of juice. I'm getting close but that will be 4 times in just over an hour. For sure a record for me.

"What the fuck I ask, don't you want me to eat you out or anything?" 

She says she has been rubbing her pussy on the drive over and just fantasizing about the dick she saw on Judy's phone. Evidently all the girls know all about me. 

I know they talk but what the fuck.

She is fucking dripping.

I mean dripping, literally her pussy dripped on my stomach as she was positioning herself above my knob. 

I just want to see my big dick sliding in and out of her pussy doggy style. She's so tiny I just do a sit up with her on top. 

As soon as I hit my knees she's on all fours and moaning. And what a dirty mouth. "Fuck me, fuck, fukin' fuck me" she says. Good enough for me.

I slid my dick in slowly until I feel the top of her cunt on the head of my dick. 

Then I stop. 

She arches around and says, "Judy told me about the magic inch. Give it to me very slowly" She grins that grin. I fucking near come from those teeth and smile.

Very slowly I slide in farther. (It's more like an inch and a half with this tiny little girl) I can feel the head of my dick slide by her cervix. 

I pull out until I feel it again. Then shove it past again and up and up until I'm balls deep and my dick hits the top again. 

She fucking goes nuts and I can feel her cum fill up but there's no where for it to go. Her pussy is one of those that grips and she is filled. 

I pull out a few inches and start pumping short quick strokes. Everytime I hit the top of her pussy she makes a low moan I would not think possible from a small girl.

I realize I can stroke her to the same pulsing rhythm that her contractions from cumming is causing. I settle in and work that. 

I'm beginning to worry because she is crying now. Am I hurting you? I ask. She just moans what I'm pretty sure is, Fuck me fuck me, then as clear as can be. 

"Just fucking keep fucking me pleeese"

I'm covered in sweat. I've been stroking one pussy or another for nearly two hours. I'm sorry but I need a break. Jill settles down but isn't thrilled to stop.

"Really, I have never cum from just fucking" she tells me. "Can we go again?" Fuck yes, we can I'm still hard and I was able to not cum that forth time.

Jill smiles sweetly and crap, those sensual teeth. The image of them chewing on my shaft gets me rock hard again. Fuck, that hurts. 

I shove my dick into her mouth. She's so little. Somehow she knows what I like. Girls talk I guess. Judy spilled the beans. I'm sure now.

She slides about half my dick into her mouth and then shows her teeth. 

I fucking lose it, my fucking cum blows out the corners of her mouth and she swallows the rest. 

It can't be much semen that's the forth time I've cum in just over two hours.

Whew, I'm weak. I always thought the more semen the more intense the orgasm. Not so. I lay back and the two girls go to work on my dick again.

I'm not soft, but not so hard I hurt anymore again when I hear a voice. Oh, fuck! It's Heidi. Secretly this is the girl I fantasize about when I'm alone. 

Now Judy has the best tit's I've ever seen and Jill has the most sensual mouth but truth be told I'm an ass man. Heidi has an ass that is perfect.

Round, small ass, pushes out back like they all should. I know she has some natural talent but wonder if she works it out to. 

I want to shove my dick down her throat while she lies on her back (Like my fantasy) but

Judy gets up and tells Heidi, "He all yours" Judy and Jill walk out of the bedroom. I wonder what they are up to. They know Heidi is kind of shy.

She will barely talk to me usually. She doesn't say a word. She just peels off her shorts and turns around at sits on my face. She has on crotchless panties.

Damn, I'm so fucking hard my dick hurts again and her mouth, that warm warm mouth. Her musky smell is wonderful. 

I wonder what her pussy looks like. I can barely breathe, and I can't see it. She's grinding away and good god can she suck a dick. She has me buried to the balls. 

Her nose is nuzzling my balls as she has lifted them with a very soft hand. Oh, my dick fucking hurts. I gotta have some relief. 

I go to town on her pussy but can't quite get the angle on her clit. I finally get her to turn around and give my throbbing dick a break. 

She sits on my face and grabs the headboard. Now I can get to it. I give her the flat of the tongue with slow long steady strokes for a bit.

She's getting wetter and wetter and begins to moan more and more. I sense she getting close. I have my hands on her wonderful tits. 

She has those puffy nips that we all love. She pulls my hand up to her mouth and sucks my left thumb. Then pushes my hand behind her to her bum.

I know what she wants. Has Judy told her all my secret moves? I massage her butthole for a bit, then slowly slid my thumb in her butt.

She fucking cums hard and bucks around so much she bruises my lip on my teeth. At least my dick isn't so hard but this quiet little girl isn't done.

She slides down leaving a snail trail of pussy juice all the way down the hair on my chest. She raises up and slides on to my dick. Damn, she can take a dick,

She puts her mouth to my year and whispers, "Judy told us you had a big dick but damn this will take some getting used to" "Fuck me slowly" she says.

Dandy, her dirty talk has my dick is so fucking hard it hurts again. I love it when girls talk dirty. This girl is an artist. 

She is so fucking fit she can squeeze my dick out if she wanted to I think. 

I slide in, thinking about the magic inch again when I realize this is going to be a contest to her. 

About 2 inches from my balls deep she tightens up and the grip is intense and unreal. Her pussy is like a vise. 

This girl works out and obviously concentrates on her ass. Damn I didn't know a pussy could grip like this. 

I fuck her doggy style curious to know if she has one of those pussies that grips so tight that the bit of skin slides in and out with each stroke.

It is and it does. I bang her so hard I cannot figure out why that little bit if skin doesn't bleed. But she's dripping wet so there's that.

The head of my dick is purple. It's shines it's so hard. The skin is stretched tight. 

I roll her over and slide it in missionary style. She puts her feet on my chest and goans.

I'm thinking she's going to push off when suddenly she slides her feet up around my neck raising her sweet ass above the bed allowing me balls deep.

I'm so fucking hard I'm hitting the top of her pussy again. I pound into her for a good 20 minutes again. 

I can see the head of my dick hitting the underside of her stomach each stroke. He points to it each time. Too fucking hot. She finally groans and comes again. 

She sits up and pushes me over on my back then straddles me cowgirl. 

She then proceeds to sit on my dick all the way to the hilt, It feels amazing. The top of her pussy is rubbing the end of my dick.

She sits very still, leans forward and whispers in my ear, "Watch this" She sits up, doesn't move and just works the muscles in her pussy in a ripple effect.

Well about 10 seconds of that and I go off like a bomb. Geeze that felt good. She leans down and whispers, "I can get you off again, just doing that, you like?"

I like! I'm having doubts that I'll stay hard after all this. Silly me, this girl should be a pro. She has talent like I've never felt.

I'm torn. Going on three hours now. I don't want to stop. But my dick is sore. Thank goodness this chick has done most of the work. 

Suddenly Heidi yells though the door, "Hey Judy, next, I'm getting sore" Her? What about me? She rolls over on her back and hangs her head off the bed.

I slid my dick in her mouth and down her throat. She massages my dick through her throat. She gets up turns around and jumps on my dick again. 

I can tell her pussy is sore. I've stroked her well over 40 minutes total.

She bounces up then down and just sits there squeezing my hard hard dick with her pussy until I'm really hard again. 

At least it doesn't hurt from being so fucking hard. It's just red and sore from fucking for 3 hours.

The door opens and a girl I have never seen gives Heidi the high five. What the fuck? Tag team? I'm feeling used. Not.

This girl has huge tits and a big ass. She seems Latin maybe. Cleanup I'm thinking, a grin comes across my face. I bigger grin as I think I'll come across her face.

I don't know her. I don't ask her name. I've never done that. 

She doesn't undress. Just slides her thong off and hops up on me pulling the stretchy halter top thingy down. I'm sitting up with my back against the headboard. 

She grabs both tits, pushes them together and sticks both nipples in my mouth at once. Her areolas are 6" in diameter and dark.

After a bit she turns around, sticks that big ass in my face and damn if she doesn't chew on my cock shaft. Well I have no secrets I guess. 

And she has curtains, you know, those meaty pussy curtains. I suck on one then the other.

Girls usually have trouble deep throating me. Not this woman. She never gagged. Just deepthroat like it was normal. This girl isn't normal. 

Geeezus, she slides down to the floor on her knees. 

I slide over to the edge of the bed and she deep throats me again. At this point I'm still hard but not close to cumming again. 

She figures that out that I'm not going to cum after 10 minutes or so and stands up then bends over the bed with a pillow under her hips. 

She puts her hair in a ponytail and tells me to fuck her and pull her hair. I'm pretty wore out but this is an easy position. I shove my dick in and start to town.

I get into a steady rhythm and pound her with long stokes for 45 minutes at least. She finally comes a ton and looks at me and says, "That's a first" I ask what. 

She says she has never cum from fucking, it always takes someone eating her pussy. I tell I'd rather eat pussy at this point. Big mistake. 

She goes in the bathroom and brings back a beach towel. Lays it on the bed and motions for me to get to work. Well, I love those curtain lips. 

Best of all, she is super clean and used some kind of flavored douche. Wonderful. I ate her for about 20 minutes and she started cumming again. 

I waited a bit when she grabbed my head and shoved it in her crotch again. I have never seen someone so orgasmic. She came 8 or 10 times before it was over. I sat up and blew my load all over her face and tits. More cum than I expected, my right ball hurts now.

I noticed Judy sneak in as this Latin Girl was cumming the last time. She just wanted to sleep I hope... but NO, damn. 

She sucked me off again, I was not so hard this time but I didn't think I could cum again. 

How many times was that? 

Next time I'll take 1/2 a pill. Or not!