 Chapter 4: Driving her mad with pleasure

The script for the pink panty prize was simple. The silk G-string panties were miniscule coverings for her shaved pussy with a small pocket in the gusset that contained a micro vibrator the string itself would vibrated between the wearers cheeks. The vibrator was controlled by remote control tuned to a cell phone function. Control was simple the higher the number the more intense the vibrations, more concentrated and refined control could be had by moving the mouse across a graphic model of the panties on a computer screen. The prizewinner had this control and this was the only touch he was allowed of her and she was not allowed any contact with any other man or woman. She would be a shivering dripping begging mess by nightfall.

Ronson had become a voyeur of late. He had not had sex other than masturbation for almost five years now and his shyness and introversion even scared off the most overt potential partners. The one girlfriend he had when he was 28 turned out to be a hooker and despite her insistence that he was the man she loved he could not cope with the thought that she had sex with so many men. It had been her that had invited him to the Extreme Tease Club and whilst he enjoyed his time with her there his shyness and lack of confidence led him to profound jealousy and arguments that split up the relationship. She had an affair that turned into marriage and he never saw her at the club again. He guessed he had been foolish with her and misjudged her intent and from that time on his broken heart never permitted him to do more than watch and masturbate. 

Candy was one of his favourites. Barely a week went by when he didn't' fantasise about her or watch the reruns of her performances on his computer. He had rehearsed how he would make love to her a million times and now he was to get his chance. He nervously opened his email and followed the instructions that led him to the cams that showed her apartment. The thought of watching her all day thrilled him to the core. He waited patiently for the screen to open and activated his own web cam so that she could see and hear him. He fumbled through his pocket for the remote control and placed it next to his mouse. Using Bluetooth he could simply use the computer to activate the vibrating panties or the phone itself- the two were synced. The thought of pleasuring this iconic beauty made him tingle with excitement.

Candy stepped from the shower dripping wet and reached for a large fluffy white towel. The cam's were not due to be switched on for half an hour and she had time for a leisurely shower and makeup session and perhaps a coffee in relative peace. She dried herself briskly and reached for her short royal blue satin robe and slid her arms through the sleeves and tied it loosely around her slender waist leaving her cleavage exposed in the way that had become her habit. Men liked a hint of body- just enough to send the right message, to be evocative not enough to be a complete tart. Strangely enough men never thought of Candy as start and she so vehemently disliked the term slut that no one dared to use it in the same breath as her name. 

Women who liked sex were often called sluts. Males got called studs. The inequity of it had always puzzled candy and she actively attacked any male that called her or any woman who dressed seductively or liked sex as a slut. She thought of herself as one step further than sexually active. 'Sexually hyperactive' is what Tom had called her. She giggled at the thought of him. He made her laugh, his sense of humour was the sexiest thing about him, the more she thought about him the more she knew she was doing the right thing giving up the club. He was worth it she wanted to make him happier than he'd ever been and she desperately wanted babies. The body-stretching nightmare of babies didn't scare her she knew that Tom was a man who would love her body and soul in any shape.

Candy sat at her mirror and eyed the clock on the wall covered in mist from the steamy shower she had just had. Fifteen minutes- time to do her makeup she had been daydreaming about Tom and their babies. Tom had seemed concerned last night after she had screwed Anthony. He was her own age and a sexual athlete that obviously turned her on and made her want him. When she had flaunted the club rules and let him cum in her delicious ass hole Tom actually thought he had lost her. Candy reassured him that while she enjoyed him she had found him an arrogant self-centred and power obsessed male who only really wanted to fuck Candy to prove to everyone what a stud he was. 

Candy had made it quite clear that she wanted to tear his ego down at every opportunity. The cum in her ass had been a momentary lapse that she enjoyed but then she enjoyed sex and he was good at it. Besides Anthony had the hots for bigger breasted women like the one in his office and would most likely make her his conquest. Candy had no intentions or desire to have a rematch with him. It was Tom's trust and understanding that made Candy melt when she thought of him. They both expressed their ardor for each other when they made love slowly tenderly and generously attending to each others needs until they climaxed in the way that only those in love experience, teasing foreplay, sex, and afterglow merging into a seamless tender embrace.

Candy forced her thoughts away from Tom and onto the show she was about to give her last public display. She had plans for a special gift for Tom when she had finished this but this would be her last time with another man. Peter Ronson's profile was sad of all the wounded sexual egos she had encountered his stood out. A man who hadn't had sex with a woman for five years was going to be her last lover. He would tease her mercilessly first. Candy had been a little reticent about the scenario she had devised. Part of her pleasure was the power she had over men with her body, her evocative manner and her endless sexual energy, relinquishing this to a voyeur who was boiling over with desire and could barely string two phrases together to talk to any woman was dangerous. Still uncertainty and virginity excited her and fucking a guy who hadn't had sex for years was like fucking a virgin. 

Candy finished her makeup. She wore minimal make up- a little eye shadow, eyeliner and lip-gloss was all she needed. Her perfect skin radiated her prettiness the eyes and lip adornments simply drew attention to her deep blue eyes and pouting cupids bow lips. She gave her silken hair a few brushes and shook it a little so it settled on her shoulders reflecting the bright lights of her makeup mirror.

'Show time.' She uttered under her breath as she glanced at the clock and cleft the bathroom. The cam's sprang to life and hundreds of pairs of eyes followed her shapely form into the kitchen as she casually made herself a flat white coffee using her Italian automatic coffee machine, a gift from Tom. She took a gulp from the mug as men ogled her delectable ass from behind through the kitchen cams. The satin robe clung tightly to her body, the hem sitting just below her smooth shaven pussy. Imagination is a wonderful thing and most men were imagining taking her now bending over the bench. She gulped her coffee again and reached behind to her ass cheeks and smoothed the fabric over her sleek buns then turned to walk to her office and log in to her computer.

Peter's over eager face was waiting for her in a corner of her monitor.

' Hi Peter, can you see me alright?'

She began to massage her breast through the satin robe so that the nipple stiffened, first one then the other. She watched to see Peter's reaction. He was almost motionless with fear. He couldn't believe this goddess that had starred in all his most significant fantasies was talking to him. He nodded his head awkwardly and grunted a nervous:

'Yeah sure fine. Mmmmmm you're so beautiful Candy.'

' Thank you Peter I'm glad you like me. We're gonna have a lot of fun today. I'm really looking forward to it. Especially tonight when you can do this to me.'

He was shaking visibly now as she fondled her sweet pert breasts pinching the nipples and bringing them up to her mouth to kiss. The robe had burst open now and he could see her naked breasts fill the screen. Candy measured how long it would take to make him crippled with sexual tension. 

'Pete I'm going to put on the panties now I know how much you like to watch me. Then we can have a trial run and you can work the controls for me. I'm dying for you to make me cum. Mmmmmm I'm so horny thinking about it I'm already wet.'

Candy slid her hand beneath her robe and returned it with dribbles of her dampness on them and sucked her fingers sexily. Then she stood up and pulled a tiny pair of pink panties from the pocket of her robe and let them unfurl from her fingers. She shook them a little holding the string and then separating the legs and dangling them in front of the camera.

'Gee they are tiny aren't they? Very, very sexy lil panties though I bet you want to see them on my wet little pussy darling?'

She stood back so that her body could be viewed by any one of the dozen cameras that gave subscribers a multi channel view. She bent over so that her sumptuous ass cheeks crept into view beneath the satin hem then slid her legs into the tiny G-string and smoothed it over her pussy and aligned the strings comfortably between her ass cheeks and around her curvaceous waist. She slid off the robe and threw it onto a nearby chair.

'There! Is that better? An uninhibited view, do you think they look nice? Mmmmmm they feel sexy I like the idea that there's almost nothing there. Do you want to try the remote now honey these panties are making me horny and I'd love for you to make me cum soon.'

Ronson reached for the control and shifted it to maximum, the effect was instantaneous, Candy doubled over from the power of it and clutched her panties frantically as she began to moan and shake violently. Ronson turned it off in horror.

'Are you alright candy I... I didn't mean to hurt you only I thought I'd make you really horny. You're so beautiful I'd hate to hurt you.'

Candy recovered from the wild assault on her pussy. She had never been much into vibrators or even dildos but this was like a million times more powerful than any vibrator she'd ever used. It was almost painful but she felt that at some stage in the day she would be begging for him to push the extremes again. She was sopping wet and her whole body shivered from the experience half wanting it to stop and half aching for him to continue. The string in her ass still tingled from the experience.

"I'm ok Peter. You're very sweet I think we should start off a little lower and build up to that one don't you? Just build up slowly until I cum.'

'But I'm frightened I wont know when you cum I mean women make a lot of noises during sex how will I know?'

' I'll let you know when that is don't you worry about that. In fact I'll give you a running narrative how I'm feeling whenever I can. Now turn it on just a little and then I'll go and get dressed. '

Peter switched the control the control to 1 and then slowly raised the figure to 3 and a half as he watched Candy smile and writhe in obvious pleasure as she stood in front of the cameras. He fumbled with his screen to place three images there: one of her whole body from the front, one of her face and the other a zoomed close up of her panties so he could see them dampen and even notice the tiny vibrations that shimmered beneath the silk. 

Candy fondled her breasts dreamily as the vibrations filled her panties and triggered a flood of wetness from beneath them. She fantasised about how Tom had eaten her the previous evening. How he had teased her hooded clitoris with his tongue then suckled it until she bucked with pleasure. The same pleasure took her now and shook her from the daydream.

'Oh god it feels good it feels like my pussy's on fire but there's a flood of wetness filling my panties. Oh yeah can you see it's dripping down my Thighs damn that's good honey Ooooooh I'm so close. Push it up a notch. Please, make me cum soon I'm sooo horny for you. Have I told you how good it's going to be when you get to touch me and put your cock inside me OOOOOOOoooooh yes! Yes! Yes! I'm cumming Ooh yeah don't stop its so good so fucking good. Oh more, again, again, I'm cumming again. Oh yeah. MMMMMM Ahhhhh ohhhhhh Ooooooooh. Oh yeah. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUck its so hot.'

Pete had not only found the key to the controls intensity but with careful observation of the close up cam on her pussy he could target exactly where he wanted the sexy tingling to go. Watching her cum uncontrollably, watching her writhe in pleasure, knowing he was doing it made him unbelievably horny, his cock was bursting from it's enclosure, he was aching to relieve himself. He wound down the intensity and focused the vibrations on her clit and on the string that was between her ass cheeks. He knew how much she loved her ass stimulated.

Candy had never had a feeling like it. She understood now why some of her friends had vibrator addictions. Who needed men when you could cum like that solo? Her throat hurt a little from the wanton screams she had uttered. He had kept her cumming repeatedly for almost ten minutes and she was breathless. Most men would take ages to do that to her. As the vibrations eased except for the constant tingling in her clit and asshole that simply made her constantly aware of it she turned to the screen.

' Pete darling that was sensational, I could spend all day fucking you after that as a reward, I can't wait to have your cock inside me. Why don't you show me how big you are for me I'd love to see your beautiful big cock.'?

He unzipped himself. Apparently his shyness had abated or he was suddenly unaware that 500 people could see him slide his cock from his pants and stroke it to full length.

' I'm going to get dressed now but if you'd like to jack off while I'm doing it and play with that control I'd get ever so hot. I love to see a guy shred himself for me. Will you do that for me? Mmmmmm I'm so horny for you cum for me darling.'

Candy walked to the bedroom feeling the intensity of the panties increase a little more and seem to swirl around her clit now rather than directly on it. She glanced at the projection of his web cam image on her bedroom wall.

'Pete your cock is so hard mmm I so want to suck it and slide it into my hot little pussy. Oh by the way what do you want me to wear? Something sexy and slinky- lingerie. I have lots of stuff.'

His voice was clear and confident in a way that betrayed he had rehearsed this a million times.

'I want you to wear a halter bikini top and tight blue denim jeans and put a see through shirt over your top. It's just I've never seen you in jeans or swimming gear and I know you'd look great in them. Do you mind? I also thought that those panties trapped inside jeans could be even more erotic. I don't know are you with me on this?' 'Ooooooh Pete you do have a sexy imagination. Your right I don't wear jeans much my men normally like to have easier access and like my legs in short skirts. But I do have several pairs. As for the bikini I have dozens what colour would you prefer- pink perhaps to remind you of the panties?'

'Yeah that sounds good and I'll leave the top up to you. You always know how to look sexy no matter what. Dammit you look sexy now ooooooh yeah so hot Candy.'

He began to slide his hand up and down his cock as she made a show of bending over to open her drawers she fumbled through masses of bikini strings to separate a pink strap from the yellow and black ones that were tangled with it. She tossed the matching bikini bottoms back in the drawer and turned to tie the strings around her slender torso beneath her perfect teardrop shaped. The nipples were still hard from the recent excitement. She stretched the tiny fragments of unlined lycra over her magnificent breasts and tied the string tightly behind her neck. She fussed with each tiny triangle until they fit neatly beneath each breast. Her flesh on view either side and in the succulent cleavage that the tight strings had formed. Her nipples strained at the wafer thin panels creating a sexy outline. She fondled and pinched them through the filmy fabric until their outline was more visible. 

The tingles in her panties increased and she could feel that she was moments away from another orgasm. She glanced at the screen. Ronson was shredding his cock now like a man possessed he was more excited seeing her clothed than naked. He grunted and moaned incoherently as she swung open the door of her walk in robe and found a pair of designer label denim jeans. She walked out of the robe and unfurled them and stepped into them. She shimmied them over her legs and up around her pouting ass cheeks. They were hipsters and hugged her sweet body like a glove. The barest view of her G-string was visible beneath the waistband. She turned so all could see the patch of pink disappear as she zipped them up and fastened the button. She slid on a pair of pink stiletto heeled shoes and returned to the robe to get a gauzy diaphanous white blouse she left the shirt un- buttoned. It was see through but she second-guessed the bikini -top was his main focus.

As Candy returned to the lounge room the panties began to tingle more violently by the time she got there she found herself crippled by intense swirling vibrations that touched everywhere but her clit. She was quivering with desire but aching to be touched on her clit. Peter was learning about his power to make her mad with desire. She glanced at the screen he was close to orgasm. With one hand he manipulated the swirling frustration producing vibrations with the other he wanked hard on his distorted cock. He was audibly panting. Seeing her dressed like this had been one of his repeated fantasies and the fantasy took over as he slapped at his cock.

'Ooooooh darling why don t we cum together touch my clit please Mmmmmm your so big for me I cant wait for you to be inside me.'

She touched her breasts as she imagined he would touch her and felt the tingle target her clit. All other sensations ceased as she pinched her nipples hard and felt the hot shooting sensation of him shifting the focus and intensity to extreme. She was sobbing and squealing in moments. She collapsed onto all fours and writhed like an alley cat on heat as a series of unbelievable orgasms gripped her. Through her cloudy vision she could see him on the screen now shouting and spurting huge wads of cum into the air as he struggled to hold his throbbing cock and manipulate the controls. The parallel orgasms continued for a few minutes until both finally regained control and he turned the remote back down to the low tingle that kept her aware of the sticky mess that filled her jeans. He had been right about the jeans being tight as a good thing. Though she ached to peel them down and thrust her fingers inside her aching pussy the tight jeans had prevented that and she was too consumed with pleasure to open them.

For the next few hours they chatted almost mindlessly about anything but sex. Pete enjoyed knowing that she was vibrating and could cum at any moment and they were talking about food or wine or music. She made lunch for herself and Pete made her cum several times more at random to keep things unexpected. After lunch they had relaxed sufficiently so that Pete felt more relaxed with Candy than he had ever felt around a woman. He had daydreamed about falling in love with her and now he was. Candy wasn't called that just because she had a sweet body and face she was called that because she had a sweet generous personality.

'You know Peter tonight we are going to have a really hot time and I know you're a little nervous about it. Why don't we use the rest of the day to rehearse it? I mean you can go through how you'd like to make love to me and I'll act it out. I'll even use a dildo if you want.'
