 I'd always had a bit of a Builder Fantasy, you know the sort: a handyman comes over with his incredibly large tool belt, you stare at his flexing muscles for a few days while he works on your house until you finally convince him to work on your body. Soooo, my husband and I decided to explore this fantasy one day together and here's what happened.

After seeing a few small projects around the house that needed repairs, we finally work up the courage to post an advert on a local tradesman website, advertising "cute housewife seeks the help of a handyman" and shortly thereafter we have several replies. One applicant in particular peaks my interest. I can see from his profile photo that he has stunning blue eyes, foxy grey hair and yet is well built and still in good youthful shape. We message back and forth for a few days until finalizing a first meet up to discuss the job. The night before this meeting, my husband comes home somewhat tipsy and messages him directly, asking him if he was going to bring along "his big tool belt?!" with several suggestive emojis attached. Needless to say, by the time Andy came to scope the project, tension was already building. From our first meeting, Andy and I hit it off well. I feel like a teenager again, sensing his eyes mentally prying my clothes off each time I turn around, I feel drunk with his lingering gaze, I feel giddy and horny and curious all at the same time.

After this initial meeting, I message him asking if the meeting went as he expected, and we subsequently exchange a few further flirtatious but business-related emails to confirm the job. Andy explains that although he would not normally take a project so small, there was something about me...which led him to take the job. Upon further questioning, he messages back to explain that he finds me incredibly insanely sexy and can't stop thinking about me in my tight exercise pants.

His first day on the job, I can feel the sexual tension mounting. By the late morning, I can hardly focus on my work as his breath distracts me, watching him work out of the corner of my eye and wishing he would move to working on me instead. At one stage, he needs my assistance and shortly thereafter, I find myself crouching directly underneath his chest as I help hold up an old window frame he is repairing. His strong, large hands and muscles flexing under the weight of the frame nearly send me over the edge right then and there. After a few moments, he secures the frame and no longer needs my assistance, so I rise carefully, intentionally, slowly and brush the inside corner of his chest as I come back up to standing.

Immediately he grabs me in the living room and leads me to the kitchen. He starts kissing me, urgently and deeply. He presses his groin into mine, and his knees push in between my legs. Taken by surprise by his urgency, I have to catch my breath but immediately my body takes over my head, and I can feel myself tingle all over, pussy swelling inside my panties and nipples hardening. His hands trace the outline of my body, from my waist up to my neck and he slips a hand down my shirt, inside my bra, and expertly cups my breast in his hand, slightly pinching my nipple and rolling in between his fingers. I can't kiss him hard enough, deep enough. I need more and more. I can feel his incredible cock growing against my crotch and leg, and the feeling of it excites and terrifies me at the same time.

Suddenly he stops and lifts me up onto the bench. He spreads my legs wide apart, and as he does, he traces the outline of my thighs with his hands, first in the outside, then circles round my knees and then along the inside back up towards my throbbing pussy. He strokes my thighs and begins kissing them gently, reaching around and grabbing my ass a little bit too. I am so excited I can't wait to see what he'll do next, and can begin to smell my wetness growing in eager anticipation. He stands up and kisses my mouth as his cock nestles in between my open thighs, throbbing against my own heat. I reach down and begin striking it lightly over his pants. He growls slightly. He grabs my hand and shoves it hard against his cock. I begin rubbing it all along the length. I can hardly contain my excitement. My pelvis thrusts closer and I reach into his pants and stroke his throbbing cock firmly. I undo the button on his pants and his massive, massive erection springs out of his pants. I grab his cock and rub it up against my panties, the wetness leaking through the material. I slap it up against my pussy lightly, and the tapping drives me - and him - wild. He kisses me again, and then slowly lowers himself down onto his knees, until his nose rests on my undies. He pulls them to the side slooooowly, trading the outside of my panties with his finger. He brushes up against my trimmed cunt, and I throb with desire. 

He then proceeds to bury his nose in my pussy, using the tip to tease me. He slowly, ever so slowly, licks the length of my pussy. Exploring every part of me, he uses his mouth to kiss and suckle my cunt. I can feel the warmth spread across my chest and thighs as he continues licking and sucking on me. All I can think of is that giant throbbing cock. He uses his finger to slip inside of me, and I moan in pleasure. He alternates between sucking and fingering me. And I can feel an orgasm start building. He starts shoving two fingers in, thrusting fast and hard. Fast and hard. Sucking my cunt so hard I feel as if I'm going to scream. He comes up, just as I am teetering on the edge, and holds his pulsing cock in his gigantic hand and teases my pussy with it, playing with the outside, rubbing his dick against my clit. 

Suddenly I hear a noise in the corner, and there he is, my husband, standing in the back entrance watching us. With a giant grin on his face, his neck and face flushed, I can see his own cock rock hard underneath his shorts. Andy pauses in a moment of shock, sees the huge grin of his face, and then turns back to face me.

He kisses me, looks back at my husband. He puts his hand over his own cock. His smile tells me to keep going.

Andy kisses me again and returns to my throbbing cunt. He does it faster, slapping his cock against me and it feels so good. He leans back down unexpectedly, and rams three fingers inside. I nearly scream in pain, but his tongue returns to my clit and flicks, flicks, flicks it in a steady, steamy way as he keeps finger fucking me. I can't hold on any longer. I turn and look at my husband as he finger fucks me into absolute oblivion. Wave after wave after wave makes me moan. 

I can see him watching us. He pulls up a chair and sits down to watch. Andy kisses and suckles on my breasts as I mew while recovering. Then he reaches down, grabs hold of his mighty cock, and pokes the head at my cunt, testing the waters. We look at my husband. I want to fuck him. And I want to fuck Andy too. I'm overcome with passion, and can't wait to stuff him inside of me while my husband watches me writhe in ecstasy. 

He pushes his cock into me, and as the head goes in my eyes widen, I open my mouth, but no noise escapes until the pop of his head fully fills me. I gasp, my breath temporarily gone. So huge. So full. So fucking amazing, this feeling. I see my husband has got his own cock out and is stroking it. God I want to wrap my lips around it and milk it for all I'm worth. I lean back as Andy pulls my ass forward and shoves more of his cock into me - I'm still on the bench and he is entering me while standing up against the bench, but not for long. He thrusts back and forth so that I get used to about 1/2 of his cock. I feel so full I don't know how any more can even fit in. The feeling is incredible. I can feel him press on my g-spot and an intensity builds deep within my chest. He grunts as he thrusts and begins to speed up, in and out, in and out. 

Suddenly he lifts me up, his arms laced underneath my legs at my knees and impales me into his monster, all of it goes in at once. I feel as if he has ripped my insides and yet intense pleasure overwhelms my body. Several thrusts and I can feel the orgasm build. He pounds, his balls slapping up against my ass, tickling my ass as he thrusts. I have never felt this full in my entire life - and the orgasm comes. And comes. And comes. I scream in delight. Never. Don't stop. Yes, yes. Keep going. I quiver as another orgasm comes right on top of that one, the two molded into one. I look over my husband watching, and he's cumming too, his purple swollen cock spurting white milk all over his hands. 

Andy grunts and as my pussy finished its final quivers of orgasm he cums too, spilling his juices all over me and the floor. I am utterly spent. 

We look at each other, my husband and I. Andy turns to look at us and laughs. "Guess that ended rather unexpectedly, but I am glad to help. She's all yours - I've fucked her silly." That night we had our own romp - I was insatiable. The only way I might improve on the experience would be to have recorded the experience, just so that we could watch it again and again.