 As Jim entered me with my calves on his shoulders I had one of the most serene feelings of my life. I expected him to be my life partner, I expected to fully enjoy myself, and I was well aware that this could lead to me becoming pregnant. Jim had agreed to me going off birth control, had all but begged me to marry him, and was even more excited than normal to shove his cock into my restless pussy. When he grunted and I screamed in pleasure as he ejaculated deep inside me I just knew that a new life was being created.

In some cases two out of three ain't bad. This wasn't one of them.

That was more than four months ago. It was a good fuck and I did get pregnant. However my life had changed dramatically for the worse. Tears were in my eyes as I lugged a heavier suitcase than a pregnant woman should handle down two flights of stairs to my Subaru Outback. 

My supposed "life partner" Jim had become a controlling obnoxious complete asshole who couldn't believe that I wouldn't have an abortion just because he changed his mind about wanting a kid. He also seemed to have no use for me once morning sickness kicked in and my belly started to enlarge. I was really feeling sorry for myself when I arrived at the second floor landing and the door to 2A opened up and a guy who almost filled the doorway came walking out, almost running into me.

"Sorry," he said, stopping short of knocking me over. "Can I help you with that?"

He was really big, probably 6'5" or 6'6" and over 200 pounds, with a cute face and a seemingly cheerful disposition.

"I think I can manage," I said as I saw his blue eyes fixate on my belly, a common occurrence when I meet new guys these days. Normally it causes them to turn tail; he didn't.

"No, I insist. That looks too heavy for an expectant mother to carry. I have a weak mind but a strong back and carrying stuff is one of the few things in life that I'm good at. Please let me help."

Before I could really respond the suitcase was out of my hands and he was carrying it down the last flight of stairs like it weighed nothing. When we got outside I got a better look at him.

He had flowing blond hair, no facial hair or glasses, big shoulders and big arms. "Where should I put it?" he inquired.

"Oh,... the suitcase," I stammered. "What else did you think he meant you dirty-minded little vixen?" I said to myself. Since the third month of pregnancy it seemed like my libido had taken control of my brain and that, combined with Jim not only becoming a bastard but no longer interested in sex with me, was screwing up my mind. "In the Subaru three cars to the right," I finally responded.

After placing my bag in my car the friendly leviathan held out his hand. "Hi, I'm Blake, and you are?"

"Hi, I'm Kate," I replied, trying to avoid his piercing eyes without seeming rude and trying to give a firm handshake so that I didn't appear to be a wimp. "Thanks."

"Is there something else you need carried?" he asked.

"Well there are a few more things, but..."

"Let me help. Where are they?" he continued with a big smile.

"Uh, well, my ex-fiancé is in his apartment and he probably would object to you helping me."

"I'll convince him that it's OK," he confidently responded, gently grabbing my elbow and steering me back to the apartment building.

As we walked I was apprehensive but also curious. "I saw you coming out of 2A," I said, "do you know Denise?" 

Denise, the resident of 2A, is what the my ex and the other guys in the building called the "talking wet dream" because of her big boobs, beautiful face, round ass, and other "noticeable" features.

"I met her a few days ago and she said that she had a legal problem, but I think it was just a ruse to get me to visit her," he complained. "I won't likely be meeting with her again."

"He must be gay" immediately crossed my mind since I couldn't imagine a straight guy complaining that Denise had invited him to her apartment on a Saturday afternoon no matter what the circumstances.

When we got to my former apartment Jim was in his normal, as of late, bad mood. "You're not taking this fucking Bose Music System with you," he barked as he looked at one of the boxes I had packed.

"I paid for it," I replied but in a voice hoping to defuse the situation.

"Who the hell are you?" he asked with a snarl when he saw Blake.

"I'm the guy who's helping your ex-fiancé move her belongings to her car, something that I guess that you're too weak to do yourself – or are you just a prick?" Blake replied in a totally no-nonsense voice, his smile gone.

"Get the fuck out," Jim yapped.

Blake got in his face and said something to him that I didn't hear. Since Blake was a good eight inches and sixty pounds bigger than Jim was I think that Jim got the idea that he shouldn't mess with him, turned red, and exited the room.

With his smile back Blake handed me the Bose box since it was light and then picked up the last two, large, suitcases that I pointed out to him. We left and I slammed the door behind me while singing the "Hallelujah Chorus" to myself. When everything was loaded into my car I thanked Blake again.

"No problem," he replied. "Where are you off to?"

"This move was sudden. My asshole ex kicked me out and I wasn't on the lease so I couldn't legally object. I'm going to stay in a hotel for a few days until I can find something else. I have a storage facility with furniture and other stuff from my old apartment in it and I'll put most of this there too," I sheepishly replied.

"We may be able to help each other out," Blake chuckled. "My boarder moved out at the beginning of the month and I need a new one. Care to look at my place?"

"Maybe he's not gay; maybe he's a rapist," now flashed through my mind. Seeing the obvious apprehension on my face he continued. "Follow me to the local precinct. I'll give them my driver's license and social security card and they can do a background check on me for you within a couple of minutes."

"What?" I blurted out.

"I want you to feel comfortable that I'm not a criminal and am just looking for a boarder to share my condo. Follow me. I have the blue Honda Insight two cars in back of you."

I didn't know what else to do so I followed him to the police station. He knew the cop at the desk. An office worker behind the cop ran a background check on Blake at the desk cop's request, and Blake handed me the printout. Clean!

"Will you at least look at my apartment?" Blake asked with a pleading tone.

"What do I have to lose," I replied, "although it's hard to believe that you'd room with a pregnant woman." He just laughed.

When we got to his building I found out that it was a luxury condo with a doorman who knew Blake by name. As we rode up to the top floor in the elevator I said to him "There is no way that I can afford this place. I work as a paralegal not a hedge fund manager."

"You don't even know what I'm asking," he laughed.

It was one of the nicest condo apartments that I had ever seen, certainly in Charlotte, with a great view of the city. It had two spacious furnished bedrooms each with its own bathroom, a completely glass wall in the living area with expensive and tasteful furniture, and a modern kitchen. I'm sure that I was gap jawed. "How much?" I asked.

"Well I was going to ask $500 a month but since you're a paralegal and I'm an attorney maybe you can do some legal research for me on weekends. I'll give you the smaller of the bedrooms for $400 a month."

"That's less than half market!" I said, flabbergasted.

"That's the deal, take it or leave it; it's not worth my time to look around for someone else," he nonchalantly replied.

Blake moved all of my stuff up within an hour and gave me a tour of the kitchen, showing me how all the appliances worked. By then it was about 6:30 p.m. "How about some dinner," he asked, rubbing his tummy. "I don't feel like cooking tonight so let's go out, my treat."

"Only if I treat you," I said, still unable to wrap my mind around my good luck.

In a two hour meal we found out lots about each other, and I confirmed some more things that I had tried not to be too obvious about before. 

We had lots of things in common. His blond hair is almost the same color as mine and our noses are similar in shape; we both were adopted and never knew our birth parents; he loves the same types of food that I do (we ordered the same thing at the restaurant); he has the same optimistic outlook on life; and we both work in the legal profession.

We also have lots of differences. He is two and a half years older, has different color eyes and differently shaped ears, grew up in a different part of the country, hates country music (except Kellie Pickler's videos) which is all that I listen to, and he is almost a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier than I am.

Our first work week living as roommates exposed virtually no "issues." I really liked his company and he seemed to enjoy mine. He gave me space when I needed it, and chatted when I was in the mood. As a bonus that I didn't expect he made dinner every weeknight. I wondered how things might change on the weekend.

He had a number of athletic events both weekend days, but didn't go out on dates any weekend night. He watched a pay per view movie with me on Saturday night and Sunday night asked me to go bowling with him and two of his male buddies. I was horrible but the ribbing I got was completely good natured.

I had some real questions in my mind, though. I felt comfortable enough talking with him to be straight forward about them as we ate dinner together in the condo Monday night.

"Blake, it seems that you only have pro bono clients," I said between mouthfuls of lasagna. 

"That's right," he casually replied.

"How do you make any money, let alone enough to afford this place?"

"That's pretty personal, isn't he?" he laughed.

"So," I said, "I'm curious. You can either answer or tell me to mind my own business. Of course since I've got all sorts of preggo hormones flowing through me if you tell me to bug off I'll probably start weeping uncontrollably," I retorted with a devilish smile.

"Damn, I knew it was a mistake rooming with you," he said with a fake sneer. "OK, but don't tell anyone."

"Deal," I replied before shoving a forkful of salad into my mouth.

"I'm independently wealthy so I do what I want, which is helping people who can't help themselves," he matter-of-factly replied.

"So am I one of your charity cases?" I asked.

"Maybe," he grinned, and then laughed.

"Since you're so forthcoming I have another sensitive question. Are you gay?"

He laughed again then with a snicker said "So because I haven't made a pass at you, you think that I'm gay?"

"No, I'm just a sexless chubby creature. However, by all appearances you turned down a liaison with walking-wet-dream Denise – which would make you gay," I said, also with a snicker.

"Maybe she's not my type. Maybe my type is 5'6" blond women with cute noses, big eyes, flawless complexions, long slender legs, and big bellies," he said, staring at me with dancing eyes. "Oh wait," he said mockingly, "that must be you." Then he laughed.

"If I'm you're type why haven't you made a pass at me then," I asked trying to act flippant, but inwardly starting to get serious.

"Maybe I need encouragement," he laughed. Then he changed the subject.

Even though we both wanted our dinner conversation on Monday to be light it apparently hadn't really turned out like either of us expected. Things were a little awkward on Tuesday. Wednesday things changed.

When I got home from work on Wednesday my feet were killing me. I had worn the wrong shoes for someone now five months pregnant. Blake came in from work a few minutes after I did and saw me rubbing my feet.

"What's up, Kate?" he cheerfully asked.

"My feet are killing my poor preggo body today," I groaned.

"Let me help," he chirped. Not giving me a chance to respond or react he sat on the couch next to me, grabbed my feet, put them in his lap, and started rubbing them. 

"Oh, that feels so damn good," I moaned after just thirty seconds of his attention. After two or three minutes two things happened. One, his cock got really hard, as my feet on his lap confirmed, although he appeared to try to hide his reaction from me. Two, my libido – which I had been trying to suppress for months but which seemed to get stronger every day – started to get the best of me. My pussy started leaking I was getting so hot.

I was embarrassed by my reaction, and I know that my face got flushed. I pulled my feet away, said "Thanks so much, Blake," then scurried into my bathroom and fingered myself to an orgasm within seconds. I recovered by the time that we ate dinner.

I wasn't too worthwhile at work on Thursday since I spend most of the day wondering if Blake wanted to fuck me. I started to believe that he did when he rubbed my feet again on Thursday night, and I had to go get myself off again soon afterward. I decided that I'd find out for sure on Friday.

Before Blake got home on Friday I shaved any stubble on my crotch, changed into a short skirt, and returned to the living room panty-less. I was again rubbing my feet when he walked in. I was brazen. "Blake, I have no right to ask you because you've been so wonderful, but my feet are killing even more than last night. Can you rub them just for two minutes?"

"Sure, just let me change," he replied smiling. "I was in court today and had to wear this suit and need to get into casual clothes.'

My libido worked over my mind the entire time that he was gone. I was lying with my eyes closed when he lifted up my feet and put them on his lap. I opened my eyes as he started to knead my feet and saw that he had only gym shorts and a T-shirt on. While he worked away I stealthily moved up my skirt and spread my legs exposing my naked shaved pussy. 

I had my eyes closed but apparently he didn't. Suddenly his hands were no longer on my feet but on my thighs. I opened my eyes in time to see the wide-eyed look on his face as it dove toward my pussy.

While it was what I wanted I was still shocked by the intensity of his desire. His tongue, lips, and all ten fingers were furiously working on my pussy and pucker hole at the same time. Even if it hadn't been what I had hoped for there is no way that I could have stopped him, especially after my first orgasm which hit in about two minutes flat.

As my clit, anus, G-spot and labia were all being energized at the same time all that I could do was moan and pull his hair. By the time that he had brought me through three orgasms I was on the verge of an out-of-body experience. That's when he turned me onto my hands and knees while we were still on the couch.

I buried my head in a couch pillow as he flipped the bottom of my skirt onto my back. I didn't even know that he had pulled out his cock when it suddenly was deep inside me. As he pumped in and out he stuck a thumb in my pucker hole and with the other hand stroked my big belly. When his cum grenades exploded in my vagina it did result in an out-of-body experience allowing me to hallucinate that I was looking down on myself getting fucked more zealously than I ever had been before.

The next thing that I remember I was lying in Blake's bed. Both of us were naked. He was tenderly stroking the side of my face with one hand and caressing one of my pregnancy enhanced breasts with the other. A big smile came across his face when I opened my eyes followed by a look of concern.

"I hope I wasn't too forceful," he said softly. "When I saw your bare pussy I went out-of-control. I guess you have figured out that I have had the hots for you since I first saw you."

"Wow, do you need help," I giggled. "Turn down a piece of ass like Denise and instead get attracted to a preggo?"

"I would have been attracted to you whether you were pregnant or not. You being pregnant was just an added bonus," he said with a serious tone.

"You like pregnant sex?" I giggled, still not believing it.

"Hell yes. The best sexual experiences of my life have been with pregnant women. By the way, in case you're wondering, the session with you was number one!" he exclaimed.

I smiled, but didn't say anything, a little too dumbfounded to speak.

"I hope that you're ready for round two," he then said, his look changing from serious to devious. He started kissing me, gently at first then passionately, while at the same time that he fingered my clit. I found his cock, already almost completely hard, and stroked it to a steel pole within a few seconds. My pussy started leaking as he effortlessly picked me up and placed my pussy just above his upright cock. I impaled myself on him, his cock slowly, inch-by-inch, disappearing into my impatient pussy. I groaned when he was fully ensconced, his signal to get to work.

In sharp contrast to the spirited pounding my pussy received the first time this fuck was slow and gentle. Actually given his tender manipulation of my boobs as he slowly moved his pelvis up when I moved mine down it was love making. That didn't make my orgasm any less intense when it hit like a tsunami as he pulled me as close to him as my big belly would allow.

Eventually we had to eat something since my big body required sustenance. However as soon as we were done we took a bath together in the oversized tub in his bathroom, while naked watched a movie most of the time with my head on his shoulder, and then went back to his bed where he doggy-fucked me senseless and after which I immediately fell asleep.

I woke up before Blake did the next morning with him in a spoon position next to me, one hand on my stomach and the other my neck. After going to relieve myself I returned to find him on his back still not really awake. I grabbed his half-hard cock and slurped it into my mouth and diligently sucked and licked it until he awoke with a start, shortly followed by a big smile.

Before I could suck him off completely he insisted on a sixty-nine with me on top. He licked my clit and fingered my asshole. About the same time as he ejaculated into my mouth I started to climax. I made sure that I got every drop, however, before screaming in orgasm myself.

The rest of the weekend was spent naked, fucking and sucking, stopping occasionally to eat, shower, or bathe together. By Sunday night my tits were red, my pussy was aching, my asshole was burning, and every muscle was sore. We fell asleep without a Sunday climax since we were both wiped out.

The Monday morning alarm came all too quickly. I would have loved to just stay in bed in Blake's arms, but we both had to get back to the real world. Now that our impromptu fuck-fest was over I needed some clarity on what the future might hold. As we rode down the elevator together I got on my tippy-toes and kissed Blake on the lips and then said "We need to talk tonight."

"Yes we do," he smiled. "As well as some other things."

"Bastard," I laughed as I gently squeezed his balls and then exited the elevator into the parking garage, although not quickly enough to avoid a slap on my ass.

It was really hard to concentrate at work. I had gone from devastated when at four and a half months pregnant I was sans both an apartment and fiancé to euphoric at five and a quarter months pregnant living in a penthouse-like condo with a hunk with a libido as high as mine. Do I, pregnant with another man's baby, really have a future with him? was the main question on my mind.

When I got home from an inefficient day at work, which required me to stay an hour later than normal, dinner was almost on the table. As usual I was starved and scarfed down my dinner with the dignity of a truck driver as Blake and I exchanged information about our days. After I helped him clean up and load the dishwasher he said "Now let's have that talk."
