 At two p.m. on the usual sunny winter day in Los Angeles I responded to a 252, a purse snatch outside of a coffee shop. The victim was a stunning brunette. The kind that out of uniform would have probably reduced me to a bumbling idiot, but with the badge on my chest I took down her information with a detached assuredness. Her description was pretty vague; African-American male wearing a hooded sweatshirt, around six feet tall, brown eyes, no visible tattoos or scars, but then again it was rare that you ever actually got any useful information out of a bag snatch victim. 

Basically just your typical dead end case; another statistic for the city's crime report. It had already been twenty minutes since the theft occurred so the culprit was certainly beyond finding. Well, of course there is always the off-chance that the perp would mess up; somehow get caught red handed, not a possibility to dismiss seeing as such simple crimes are usually committed by very simple people, but nothing to hang your hopes on. Nonetheless, I went through the motions and performed a thorough interview of the victim. 

Actually, I was a little more thorough than I usual, like I said this girl was stunning. She was stylishly dressed in designer jeans and those knee-high leather stiletto boots that you see Hollywood starlets wearing. Everything; her hair, her nails, her make up was impeccably done, and curves; boy did she have some curves. She wore a tight pink sweater that accentuated both her small waist and her busty chest. Needless to say I took my time writing down her information.

Plus, she was openly flirting with me. I mean at first she was a little frazzled, understandable given the situation, but eventually she warmed up. She gave me plenty of little smiles, and flirty looks, fluttering her long eyelashes, and even reaching out and touching my arm a couple of times with her hand.

"You know Officer you're kind of cute," she said when I was just about done filling out the incident report form.

"Umm.. Thank you, Ms. Lopez," I replied caught off-guard by the comment. I could feel my face flush.

"Angelica, and I'm sorry I didn't mean to embarrass you."

"No need to apologize."

"I just assumed you heard that all the time."

"Well, not from anyone as pretty as you," I answered back, instantly regretting it, I sounded like a sap.

"Oh, Officer aren't you sweet," she paused and shyly looked down to the ground while twisting a strand of her hair around her index finger, "Would it be okay if I gave you my phone number?"

"Well, it is kind of against department regulations," I responded like an imbecile. 

"So that's a no?" she said slowly, pouting her lips.

"Well, I...I..." I stuttered, trying to figure out what to say.

"I mean if anyone asked you could just say that you met me at a coffee shop, there's not a regulation against that, is there?"

"No, I mean I don't see how anyone would know."

"Good, let me see your phone," she instantly brightened back up putting out her hand to receive my mobile.

"My phone?" 

"Yeah, I want to enter the number myself, I don't want you to be able to say that you wrote down the number wrong. Or maybe you're afraid your girlfriend or wife will find it?"

"No, I'm single," I immediately answered, probably a little too eager, forgetting to play it cool. 

"Lucky me,"

"I think I'm the lucky one," I handed her my cell phone and watched her type in her number.

"Here you go, Officer Gathers," she said offering me the phone.

"Luke." 

"Luke," she repeated while staring warmly into my eye, "Nice name, but you know I kind of like calling you Officer."

"You can call me whatever you want."

"Well, maybe I'll call you Officer Gathers when I'm being a little bad," she handed back the phone. She quickly gathered her things and turned to walk away, "Don't make me wait too long, Luke, I might forget how good you look in your uniform,"

"I won't, and I'll let you know if we find out anything about your bag."

"I expect you to have the case solved by the time you call me," she sarcastically joked.

"I'll make sure the whole department is on it," I replied. She gave a joyous smile before turning and walking away, mesmerizing me with the sway of her hips.

I called her a couple of days later and she was as pleasant on the phone as she was in person. We met for lunch on Saturday in Santa Monica, following up lunch with a long walk along the beach. We got along so well that we made plans for dinner the next night.

A couple hours before our date my cell phone went off and I saw that it was Angelica, "Shoot," I thought, "she must be calling to cancel."

"Hello," I answered solemnly.

"Luke, it's Angelica, I'm in trouble, serious trouble," she frantically announced.

"What's wrong?" I said quickly, my fear of rejection transforming into concern.

"My ex-boyfriend is crazy. He found out that I went on a date last night and he is flipping out. He told me he is coming over here right now."

"Did he threaten you?" I asked instantly switching into cop mode.

"Nothing specific, but I know him. I know how angry he gets. I'm scared of what he might do," her voice began to crack like she was on the verge of tears.

"Listen, is there anywhere you can go that you can be safe?"

"I don't want to open my door, what if he is waiting for me outside?"

"Well, then I'm going to call the station and have..."

"Can't you come? I don't want to involve the police, that'll just make him madder."

"Well, you need to be protected from him."

"But what can the police do? He didn't threaten me."

"They can keep him away from you."

"Can't you protect me?" she said in a meek voice.

The knight in me instantly kicked in, "Okay Angelica, I'll be right over. Keep your door locked until I get there."

"Thank you Luke, thank you."

I arrived at her apartment complex in less than ten minutes. I did a quick search of the parking lot, but didn't see anything suspicious, so I headed up to her apartment.

Tears were rolling down her cheeks when she opened the door. She threw her arms around me and hugged me tightly to her, her sobs causing her chest to heave against me. "Thank you Luke, thank you so much for coming," she prayed in my ear.

Other than her mascara running down her face, she was completely done up. In fact she seemed even more alluring at that moment than the previous two times that I had seen her.

She must have been getting ready for our date before her ex had called because she had on only a white cotton robe. I noticed that her toenails were now painted dark red, the day before they had been light pink. I couldn't help but feel a bit of a thrill knowing that she was making such an effort to impress me.

I wiped away the tears from her eyes and gradually calmed her down. She told me about her ex-boyfriend; that although he never hit her, he was verbally abusive and insanely jealous. He had even once struck a waiter he felt was giving her too much attention.  It was only recently that she had built up enough courage to end their three year relationship, much to the chagrin of her parents who were close friends with his parents. There had been an enormous amount of pressure on her to marry him.

I told her that she needed to file an official police report and obtain a restraining order from a court against him. But she said she didn't want to make it any more complicated then it already was; her parents were still mad at her for calling off the engagement, they would be horrified if they found out that she had called the cops on him. Her family had no idea what he was really like, they were too caught up in his golden boy reputation.

Nestled against my chest she gradually calmed down as I stroked her lush dark brown hair. "I feel so safe with you here," she softly whispered. I held her for a few seconds more before her self consciousness suddenly kicked in, "I'm so sorry to drag you into all of this. I can imagine what you think of me. I bet I look a mess."

"No need to apologize, I'm glad I could help. And if there is one thing you don't have to worry about; it is looking a mess."

"Please," she replied, but with a grin on her face, "This isn't how I pictured our second date."

"Don't worry about it. How about I order some food and will can just stay here and watch a movie."

"Really you don't mind?"

"Sounds like a perfect date to me." I said causing her to smile. 

"Thank you so much Luke for being so understanding," she brightly said, "Okay, well, let me go and clean up. Order whatever you want to eat. There are menus over there by the phone."

I ordered some Thai from a place that sounded decent. While I was waiting for her to change I looked around the apartment. There were a couple of photos of her family, including a large picture of a young, handsome man, but nothing more. "She must have just moved in after breaking up with her boyfriend," I thought to myself. Overall the apartment was minimally decorated, a few framed prints, some knick knacks, but beyond the photos nothing too personal. 

About fifteen minutes later she emerged from the back wearing a pair of black stretch pants and low cut red top with a gray unzipped sweater over it. Her hair was tied back and I was glad to see for all the glam I had previously seen her in, she was still very sexy in casual clothing.

"Is this your family?" I asked pointing to a picture near the television.

"Yeah, that's all of us. My parents own a restaurant out in the valley that I help manage. And that's my brother in the other picture. He did a few foolish things as a kid, but recently he's been trying really hard to stay on the right path." The tenor of her voice betrayed the obvious love and concern that she felt for her brother. Since I was also close to my younger brother I could really appreciate the feeling.

The food turned out to be better than decent and with a couple of glasses of wine we huddled up on her sofa to watch a movie. I'm not sure what was more intoxicating the wine, or the sweet smell of her perfume. During the movie she snuggled close to me and I intermittently kissed her gently on the forehead.

The first movie ended and without even asking Angelica jumped up from the couch and put another one in. I was happy to spend more time with her snuggled against me, yet after the first hour of the second movie I began to grow a little restless. No doubt sensing that hint of boredom Angelica looked up at me with her bold brown eyes and without saying a word invited me to kiss her.

I leaned down and gently accepted the invitation. She kissed me back, lightly pressing her lips against mine. Lost in the moment I shut my eyes and simply focused on the feel of her lips, which were soft and moist. It lasted only a few seconds, but just those few seconds were enough to trigger my arousal. When our lips eventually parted she smiled and dropped her head back down to my shoulder. While she went back to watching the movie I was left in the awkward position of trying to quell my now awakened sex.

Shortly after our kiss she decided to exacerbate my problem by laying her head down upon my lap. Now that lovely head of hers was pressed directly against my stiffening member. In an effort to calm the growing problem, I tried my best to focus on the movie, but to no avail. So I then tried thinking about baseball, but that didn't work either. I even tried thinking about my third grade teacher, but even old Mrs. O'Hagan's haggard face couldn't distract me from the fact that the only thing between her soft skin and my growing cock was the thin material of my jeans.

"Can I get up for a second? I need to use the bathroom," I awkwardly announced guiding her head off my lap and turning quickly away from her in an attempt to hide my tented pants.

I returned a few minutes later with untented pants. Before I sat back down I innocently kissed Angelica on the lips. She returned the kiss, then she returned it again, and again until eventually we were making out. Our tongues gently intertwined as the intensity of our kiss continued to build. Soon not only our lips, but our bodies were pressed together in a passionate embrace. 

Her small hands roamed my body feeling the contours of my athletic frame. "Luke, you're so strong. I feel safe in your arms," she cooed. She gave me a quick peck on the lips before she nestled against me and returned her attention to the movie.

In contrast to the tenderness of her sentiments I could feel an erection once again straining within my pants. I moved to grab a pillow to try and cover myself, but before I could conceal it Angelica looked down at my lap.

"Looks like someone has woken up," she teased. I instantly turned bright red, "Don't be embarrassed I'll take it as a compliment," she calmly reassured.

"Its not very gentlemanly of me," I awkwardly apologized.

"Gentlemanly of you?," she laughed, "Honey, I'd be offended if after kissing me you weren't excited." She then placed her hand on my thigh and said, "And what if I was to tell you that I want to get a closer look. Would you think that unladylike? 

I smiled in response not needing to offer a verbal reply. She rubbed my now rock hard cock through my jeans to let me know she wasn't playing. I was caught off guard by how fast she was moving, but I wasn't about to complain. She unbuttoned my pants and drew the zipper slowly down.

"I've been thinking about this since I met you. I bet you're big," she boldly said as she pulled down my pants so that she could retrieve my cock, "Looks like I was right," she added as she stroked my now exposed sex. She reached up to kiss me, a wet, hungry kiss, before dropping her head back down to my lap.

Her fingers ran along the veins of my cock, delicately playing with its sensitive skin. She held me captive with those teasing caresses. Possibly realizing that it was physically impossible for my cock to expand anymore without bursting she finally blessed it with a kiss, then a slow lick up from the base of my shaft to the bulbous head sending shivers up my spine.

I breathed in deeply when she finally enveloped me with her warm moist mouth the sensation rushed through my body, "Damn!" I blurted out.

She looked up at me and laughed, "Do you like that?" she kidded me giving me a kiss on the lips before returning to my awaiting cock.

She skillfully moved her lips up and down my cock. Taking her time, allowing her tongue to play, to tease, to deliver pleasure like you can only imagine. The smacking sound of her lips grew noticeably as she increased the pace. She wrapped her right hand around my shaft, and gently started pumping it as her lips devoted all their attention to the head of my cock.

I was beyond being able to control myself. My hips shifted up as I felt my climax approach, "Oh my...." I exclaimed letting her know that I was seconds away. She pressed her lips firmly against me and I erupted inside her mouth, my whole body clenching up as the sensation rushed through my veins.

"Enjoy?" she snickered once she removed her lips from my now slackened cock. She gave me a peck on the lips. "Ready to watch the rest of the movie?" she asked.

"I think there are more interesting things we can do," I said pulling up my pants and rising from the couch. I grabbed her hand and pulled her up off the sofa. She gave me a look indicating that she was pleased that I had selected option B.

I said, "Lead the way," and with a pixy smile on her face she took me by the hand to her bedroom. A wave of lavender hit me when I entered. A queen size bed dominated the small room. She fell on to the neatly made bed where I quickly joined her. 

Our hands couldn't get each other's clothes of quick enough. I kicked off my shoes and jeans while she tugged off my shirt. I was a bit more delicate in removing her clothes, but no less eager. With her top off, I deftly unhooked her bra and freed her full round breasts. Just as easily I slipped her pants and panties off her lower body.

Fully naked she was a sight to behold, but I was immediately distracted by the appearance of a small red heart tattooed right below her panty line with two initials next to it, "R.J.". She must have noticed that it caught my eye, "My ex-boyfriend's stupid idea, I'm going to get it removed," she explained casually.

While its presence was disconcerting, my lust and the feel of her soft skin beneath me was enough to overwhelm any further thought. She pulled me towards her and we embraced, first our mouths then our bodies coming together.

I slinked down her body, leaving a trail of kisses down her neck, chest, and abdomen. My hands caressed every curve of her body until my head was positioned between her thighs above her neatly trimmed sex.

My tongue gently delved between her slit. She gasped as I licked the tender insides of her pussy. Her sex was warm and moist. After a minute of steady licks I started to feel the tremors of involuntary movement. Her hips started to shake, and as I delved deeper I could feel the moisture start to increase.

I stabbed my tongue deep inside her causing her breathe to grow heavy. Her hands cupped her breast and her fingers tweaked her turgid nipples. She was completely into it now, her head flung back, eyes closed, tongue licking her lips as I supplied her with wave after wave of stimulation.

Feeling her body urging me on, I lightly flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue. The response was immediate and violent, her hips bucked up and a moan sprang from her mouth. I carefully swirled my tongue around her clit, maintaining a steady rhythm as her hips rose and fell with each circle.

"That feels so good," she let out spontaneously as I applied continuous pressure to her clit. Now her sweet juices were really starting to flow, even my chin, rubbing against the bottom of her pussy was slick with fluid. I could tell she was close to coming. Her moans grew louder and wilder, I loved hearing her lose control as I kept up the insistent onslaught on her sex.

Suddenly her body twisted away from me as she reached for the nightstand. Hurriedly she opened the drawer and withdrew a condom package, "Come here," she said as she tore open the package.

I again left a trail of kisses up her body, also rubbing her dew off my face, "Enjoy?" I playfully repeated her question to me.

She giggled loosely before responding with a deep kiss, her tongue darting deep into my mouth letting me know how much she enjoyed my lips upon her. I could feel her right hand reach down and grasp my stiff cock. She gave it a few pumps before pushing me over. She took the condom out of the wrapper and carefully rolled it onto my cock.

With my sword sheathed she straddled me and wasted no time impaling herself upon my sex. I slid in easily like her pussy was lined with oil. But she was still so tight that it felt like her snug canal was gripping my cock

"That's it baby," she moaned in my ear as I cupped her breasts. She placed her hands behind mine and forced me to squeeze hard, "I love that," she sighed. Eager to please I sat up and brazenly licked her erect nipples and sucked on the soft flesh of her breasts. 

She was steadily grinding her pussy up and down my cock, I could tell she wanted to stimulate her clit, so I laid back down and with a single finger began gently stroking her clit causing her moans to grow more intense. From that point she went wild. Her hips worked up a feverish rhythm bringing her closer and closer to the crescendo. Eyes tightly closed, breathe ragged, deep moans surrendered from her mouth, she was loving every second of me inside of her, and I was loving it just as much.

She came like she was possessed, intelligible words spewing out of her mouth. The feel of her pussy convulsing around my cock pushed me over the edge as well, and a whitewash of pleasure flowed through me, damn it was good.
