 The Panty Lottery

This story follows on from 'Too good to be true' which follows the lives of Candy a perpetually horny and exquisitely sexy young woman and her lovers.

Chapter 2 

In the weeks that followed Candy became the perfect companion and lover that Tom had fantasised about as a dreamy adolescent. They made love every morning and evening and occasionally met for lunch too. All the while they planned their magnum opus at the extreme tease club with business-like precision and teamwork that reinforced the strength of their relationship and shared interests. Candy wrote a script to accompany each pair of panties. For the green silk bikini panties with lace trim she wrote a script that involved teasing a man to frustration by screwing someone close to him as he watched. For the white satin and lace boy-leg panties she described a scenario where a man would be teased to explosion point time and time again, with ultimate gratification with held until the club performance. For the sweet pink G -string with the micro vibrator she created a scenario involving giving this man its controller and phoning him when she felt it begin. 

Tom had her photographed wearing each pair and posted the competition and lottery on the clubs website. By nightfall five hundred $100 tickets had been sold. Candy donated the entire proceeds to the club, minus clothing and beauty salon expenses. The draw was due for Saturday night and each winner was to collect their prize over the following week with each days teasing culminating at the club after dinner each evening.

On the evening of the draw the auditorium was packed to the rafters with security guards screening ticket holders and membership identification. Candy walked onto the stage to a thunderous applause. She was loved as well as desired. She wore a simple white silk halter mini dress. No bra. Her succulent breasts clasped elegantly between two-minute fragments of shiny silk. Her full pert round globes exploding out of the sides and top of the tiny halter. Her cleavage lifted and pressed together by the tight fabric tied sensuously around her slender neck. The dress was fitted tightly around her waist and followed the contour of her curvaceous hips and pert buns with a hem that sat so perilously close to revealing her sex that every eye in the room followed her as she swayed sensuously on her hi gold heel pumps.

When she sat on the stage the first few rows moaned collectively as she uncrossed her legs and her panty-less pussy was displayed momentarily for them all. Candy had decided that she would only wear the prize panties tonight. No one at the club except Tom had ever seen her without panties before. What had begun as a teenage fetish for panty-clad sex for Candy had had elevated her to a legendary status and the club rule that she never be seen without panties built on this mystique value but tonight the Goddess bared all. 

A huge up skirt projection of Candy wearing each of the panties was shown before each draw from a random number generator program. Moments after Candy entered the first draw sequence the number 369 flashed on the crotch of the green panties. Candy stood and seductively took the sweet lime coloured bikini panties from where they were displayed on a giant gold dildo and slid the soft silk panties over her long shapely legs, wiggling sensuously as she pulled her hem around her waist and snapping the tight panties around her luscious ass cheeks and smoothing the silk over her firm buttocks. The multiple cameras caught every move and projected them on the screen behind her.

The winner had made himself known and rushed from the back of the room clutching his ticket in amazement. Candy gave him one of her sweet sexy smiles that lit the room and he felt the warmth of her envelop her even before she walked up to him and kissed him longingly and wetly She encouraged him to feel the panties he had won and the prize that lay beneath them. They both knew she could make him cum in his pants if she kept this up and she broke the embrace and smiled held his hand and curtsied gracefully to the rain of applause that greeted them both. She led him to the first winner's chair. She turned to face him and smiled as she slid her hem up to her waist.

'Kiss them for me I want you to taste success tonight.'

He kissed her panty front tenderly, shaking like a leaf with desire and as he gained confidence clutched at the smooth contours of her hips and clumsily buried his face in her mound until he felt her wetness seep through the silk gusset. His hands felt the warmth of her taut ass through the flimsy silk and she ground against his embrace until she began to shiver in orgasm. When she finished her orgasm she smiled at him and stood back bending down to kiss him sweetly. The hem of her dress rose revealing her sweet ass clad in lime green and the dampness that darkened the silk showed in the close up camera angles. Candy knew how to play to an audience and loved the feeling it gave her to be watched and loved. She made a sweet show of removing the panties again and throwing them to him. 

She adjusted her skirt over her naked pussy and walked back to the front of the stage followed by 500 pairs of eager eyes. She coaxed the laptop back into action and the white panty photos filled the screen. She hit the random number generator and in moments the second number flashed proudly across the crotch of the sexy hipster boy leg panties.

The second winner was a young stud, a typically overconfident athletic man who had eyed Candy many times before but had yet to attain the status or the luck of having her before. He was a contrast to the clumsy shivering wreck of a man who had just nestled excitedly between her thighs. Candy's beautiful friend Chloe had been with this young man and raved about his energy and long distance capabilities. He would need those to cope with the perpetual tease he was about to receive. He strode confidently onto the stage sure that he would be the best lover any woman could ever have and he would have Candy screaming for it in moments. 

When they met on stage Candy would not allow him to kiss her she merely unzipped his pants fell to her knees and engulfed him. The crowd roared as she made his cock super hard in moments, scratching his balls and sucking hard at his cock until he was out of control thrusting at her as she deep throated him. She felt him swell and throb and then pulled him from her mouth stood up and rubbed his cock against her sweet panty front then let him drop and returned to the dais removing the panties throwing them at him like crumbs to a starving man. Everyone knew he was out of his league.

The number for the last pink panty prize flashed on the screen and a tall handsome man in his thirties climbed the stairs to the stage. Candy slid on the panties and kissed him once and began to shiver and moan. From the other side of the stage Candy's friend Chloe walked on carrying two cell phones as she adjusted the controls the intensity of the vibrator inside the gusset of the pink panties made Candy tremble with pleasure. Candy came as Chloe handed the device to the man she was kissing and the sound of her moans was amplified for all to hear.

Candy slid off the panties. And placed them against his face so he could enjoy the sweet scent of her pussy on them and then kissed him gently and led him to his seat. Dribbles of cum were visible trickling down her smooth sexy bare legs. Candy adjusted her hem over her sweet shaved pussy and announced the days which each man would receive his prize. The evening ended with a replay of Candy and Chloe's last performance on the big screen and everyone left the building ready to view the following weeks three nights of extreme tease. Candy and Tom chatted excitedly about the show and the winners in the car on the way home descending into a passionate embrace as they drew up to their home.

Candy and Tom moved inside and stood holding each other pressed against each other, instantly locked in urgent kissing, their hands wandering each other's body, their tongues wetly engaged in kissing. His hand fell to the tight silk stretched across her hot ass; he squeezed her sweet buns, and slid a hand beneath the white silk dress to her sweet shaved pussy. 

'Did that turn Tommy on just a little bit darling? Wanna make babies with me now?'

Tom moaned. She was so fucking sexy. She gyrated wantonly against him feeling his cock stiffening. She loved to feel him grow hard. His hand moved to her breasts and caressed the firm handfuls playing with the nipple thru her tight flimsy dress, melting from the pleasure of her warm skin beneath his hand. They both got so turned on so quickly. She hurriedly unbuckled his belt and peeled his pants to the floor, removed his shorts and then caressed his cock. Her magical fingers exploring it with feather like touch as they kissed more and more urgently. He sighed in appreciation and throbbed with excitement. 

'Mmmmmmmmmmm' you are so big for me darling. I love your big hard old cock. I'm gonna suck it darling I wanna feel it throb.' she whispered. 

She slid to the floor before him caressed, and circled his cock with her hands firmly rubbing, gathering the skin and moving it until it was larger and thicker. She blew warm air on it and moaned. Her mouth is only millimeters away from touching it. She licked her lips and kissed his cock excitedly.

' Its sooooooo huge Mmmmmmmmmmm darling you want me don't you?' 

He caressed her long honey blonde hair and moved it away from her face guiding her to his cock. She covered the tip with passionate tiny wet kisses, fondled his balls tickling them with her nails, and then licking it all over from base to tip. Enjoying the throbs and marveling with pride at how big she could make him so quickly, She bit his balls playfully pulling the skin and then covering it with a tirade of tiny wet kisses warm breath and her flickering tongue. Worshiping his cock like a priestess for a pagan idol until she finally sucked the tip wetly. Her tongue flickering madly inside her mouth as she sucked his thick cock inside her throat, sucking deeper and deeper until his audible moans became constant and the throbs regular. 

In moments Tom was screaming in joy for her to suck more and more, she felt him throb and begin to pump 

'Mmmmmmmmmmm' I know I'm going to get some cream.'

She didn't want him to blow all of it so she pinched the tip and let a few spurts escape and the orgasm to happen, holding him firmly as he squirted in her face and mouth. She licked the thick cream from his cock. 

He knew she was aching for him. She stood, untied the halter straps of her dress seductively, peeling it to the floor. Tom stared excitedly as her sexy ass emerged from the tight silk and she wiggled the dress to the floor. Her firm breasts bobbing sexily in front of his eyes the nipples now harder and flushed with passion. Tom removed all of his clothing and held her again. They moved to a nearby chair. She wanted him inside desperately. He kissed her slick hairless pussy. She was moist in anticipation. She moaned, as his pussy kisses got bigger and more concentrated, squealing as he kissed her clit and lanced her vagina with his eager tongue. 

'Tom show me how much you love me. Suck me hard darling. Make me cum. Make me beg for your beautiful cock. Mmmmmmmmmmm.'

He slid a finger in her tight little hole, wetness oozing down the inside of her thighs. Two fingers inside her and she screamed in orgasm. As he finger fucked her, his mouth sucked and licked her swollen clit and she squealed repeatedly as her orgasms crashed over her. He was so good at getting her off she came easily and often but he knew how to do it so well to her. No other man could make her this horny this quickly. 

'Mmmmmm darling I want you sooooooo badly. Your turn now.'

She beckoned him to lie on the floor then lowered herself onto his cock, swirling his thick shaft around her dripping pussy then slowly pushing it into her tight wet cunt. 

'Mmmmmmmmmmm I'm aching for you'. 

She pushed it inside until their bodies merge. She could feel his swollen balls against her ass. He moaned constantly, loving the wet tight feeling. She gyrated on his cock moaning and squeezing him tightly. Bouncing up and down on him first slow then fast, then deep then almost taking it out, pausing, then plunging down hard and deep. She screamed and sobbed in pleasure as she felt his cock swell and throb inside her and her own pussy walls contract around, her clitoris and labia swollen and open for him. Tom's hands reached out and pawed at her luscious breasts, pinching her nipples, touching her sweet gyrating ass. He was hopelessly lost in her sweet embrace, his cock ached from the hardness and the sheer delight of her tight dripping pussy surrounding him and sending waves of desire through him. He filled the air with breathless moans as he exploded and squirted great loads of cum into her dripping wet pussy. He loved the privilege of being the only man to be allowed to cum inside her hot sexy cunt. The feeling was exquisite, the sensation incomparable. He wanted to be so deep inside her that their bodies merged and their pelvic bones were pressed against each other grinding like lovers kissing. She pushed down hard on him tight as ever feeling each spurt and loving the sound of Tom's excited screams of joy, until the orgasm finally subsides and they collapse on the floor. 

'Make a baby for me Tom. I want you to be a daddy. Mmmmmm it's so sexy loving you now. That felt so good. You were so deep in me darling and I want you to be deep in me always. Mmmmmm your cum is so good.' 

They lay connected for some time. Delighting in the orgasmic, endorphin soaked tremors and the warm bubbly feeling in the stomach that seems to be associated with love. Each caress attempting to be gentle than the last, each touch of body contours and skin seeming to prolong the euphoria. 

The weekend was filled with 'baby making time' but efficiently Candy studied the dossier compiled by the club detective on each of her prize winners and planned for each with her meticulous attention to detail whilst Tom arranged for her apartment which now lay vacant to have cameras fitted in every room and connected to a secure server so that club members and the prize winners could see everything that happened there. Her car too had micro cameras fitted so that much of her activity would be documented.

Green with envy.

The dossier on Phillip Walker read like a classic tale of a man in need of a mid-life crisis that he never got. His wife had left him for a younger man and he had been left with the care of his son who was now a 19 year-old engineering student. Junior was a gawky geeky looking guy who spent most of his time in the library studying or downloading Internet porn. He was sure to be a virgin. Phillip was a nice guy with sad eyes and the look of someone disillusioned with his lot in life. In some respects Candy hated the idea of being a super bitch to tease him and almost wanted to fuck him out of pity nevertheless rules were rules. The scenario was painfully simple- seduce the son and fuck him with Phillip senior watching.

Candy put on the pretty lime green bikini panties last. She chose sweet green floral motif bra that accentuated her small but pert cleavage and pushed her firm mounds into a sexy display that would sit seductively beneath the shoestring-strapped dress that she wore. The dress was low cut and tapered tightly around the bodice giving her torso the impression of being encased in a tight little green bustier that cupped and lifted up her breasts and drew attention to the smooth skin around her shoulders and slender neck. Her blond hair fell like silk threads around her shoulders. The dress fitted tightly around her waist and flared in a full skirt around her hips wafting around her bare shapely legs. A mere breeze would present her to the world in all her glory. She swirled the skirt and smiled at the feeling of freedom as the air greeted her freshly shaven pussy and bare ass. She reached for her cell phone and dialed Phillips number. The phone rang and what sounded like Phillip answered. He had been expecting her call.

'Hi Phil its me darling... Candy.' She said in a deliberately slow and sexy whisper.

'Did you get my email? Ok now click on the link in the email and when you get to the password type in the word 'panty' P-A-N-T-Y.' she spelled it as seductively as she could. Can you see me now Phil?' She smiled and looked in the direction of the camera licking her lips and touching her breast cheekily with her right hand.

Phillip had been waiting nervously for her call and his son had just left for his day at university and he was finally alone in the house. Before she called he had managed to read her email and drool over the sexy jpeg's of her wearing the lime green panties that were his prize. He was already aroused when she called.

'Let do a little navigation exercise first. I'm going to put the panties on in the bedroom and then go to the bathroom to finish my makeup see if you can follow me by moving the cameras using the room layout display on your transport screen.'

Candy stood up and swirled her dress around to show off her nakedness beneath it.

'Did you like that Phil. I love being naked underneath my dress it makes me so horny. I'm horny now. I can't wait for you to... come over.'

She entered the bedroom and picked up the panties twirling them around her fingers cheekily. She turned so that her ass faced one camera and lifted her skirt and listened for the moan that inevitably came down the phone line as Phil found the right camera angle to take advantage of the view she offered. She bent forward and stood a leg at a time into the panties and shimmied into them slowly turning so that he caught the slightest glimpse of her smooth pussy as it disappeared beneath the tiny triangle of silk. She smoothed the silk across her sumptuous buns and adjusted the front across her obviously damp pussy. The slightest outline of her folds was visible through the sheer triangle of damp silk. She giggled down the phone as she heard his heavy breathing and moans of appreciation.

'You know you can hear everything in this room too if you turn up the sound on the panel in front of you there's a little speaker icon.' Candy lifted the hem of her skirt once more and caressed the damp imprint of her sex through the panties and began to moan.

'Can you hear me honey? This is making me sooooooo wet and horny. I like the thought that you are getting hard looking at me. You are hard aren't you Phil?'

The moan the other end of the phone confirmed what she knew would be the case.

'Tell me how much you want me and how you're going to fuck me. Make me cum for you. Mmmmmmmmmmm I'm so horny can you see how wet I am?'

She let the cell phone fall on the bed and began to massage her breast with her other hand through the fine dress fabric and the silk bra her nipples hardened in response to her touch. Her other hand slapped at her pussy patting it until she felt the flow of wetness increase and then she attacked her clitoris with a red painted forefinger. The contrast of the red fingernail against the green panties, which darkened as they absorbed her excitement, took Phil's breath away. Candy was the Queen of tease.

'I'm so hard for you. You're so damned hot Candy I can't wait to fuck you. Put my big hard old cock into your hot wet little pussy.'

He moaned and breathed heavily as she began to writhe and shiver.

'Mmmmmm it's you making me feel this good Phil I want you inside me. I want to suck and fuck your beautiful cock sooooooo bad. Mmmmmmmmmmm yes, yes, yes I'm cumming for you, oh yeah it feels good.'

She gyrated as her masturbation harvested an orgasm. Phil tried desperately not to touch himself and to restrain himself from cumming just watching her. He ached to be near her and inhale the scent of her sex, touch its legendary wetness and feel his throbbing cock inside any of her delightful orifices. He watched her writhe in pleasure and cry out his name as she came.
