 Mike awoke to find Stacy's head lying on his chest, her arm draped lazily across his tummy. His left arm was wrapped firmly around her, pressing her warm, naked body tightly against his own. He loved waking up next to her like this, legs intertwined, naked flesh against naked flesh. Mike thought, "I wish I could spend just one more hour in bed with her." 

Unfortunately it was Monday and he had to go to work. Mike gently untangled himself from Stacy, slid out of bed, and stood up stretching. She stirred slightly and then sprawled across the bed, half uncovered, one perfect breast peeking out between her arm and the sheet. He chuckled softly as he walked into the bathroom to shave and shower, knowing she would probably sleep until he woke her. 

As he showered he started to think about his upcoming day at work. His schedule was light today, which was unusual for a Monday. Certainly, the few things he had to do could easily wait another day. He thought, "Why not take the day off?" Then just as quickly he discarded the idea. Mike Williams wasn't the sort who played hooky.

Stacy awoke with a start, realizing Mike wasn't in bed with her any more. The gentle, steady sound of the shower was somehow soothing, reminding her just how much she loved having a man around again, especially a sensitive, intelligent, cuddly guy like Mike. She smiled wickedly, almost purring like a contented kitten when she thought how good they were together sexually. On top of all that he was also honest, hard working, and successful. She just wished he would give himself a break once in a while and take a day off. 

She squinted at the clock and saw it was 6:30AM. Mike wouldn't be out of the bathroom for at least another twenty minutes. She had just enough time to make a couple phone calls.

Mike wrapped a towel around his waist and walked back into the bedroom. He quietly slid open the dresser drawer and was about to reach for a fresh pair of boxers when he heard a sultry voice behind him say, "Now just where do you think you are going, stud?"

He turned around slowly and saw Stacy lying on her side in the bed, her head propped up on one hand, her eyes glittering in the morning light, her beautiful breasts uncovered; the nipples were stiff and erect. Her free hand was hidden under the sheets, but Mike could see from the gentle undulations in the covers that she was obviously fingering herself.

Suddenly, he was extremely aware that all he was wearing was a towel. His breathing quickened and his penis began to thicken and grow. "Stacy, honey, we don't have time. I have to be at work by 7:30."

"Oh, we have plenty of time. I called your office and left a message telling them that you weren't feeling well."

"Y-you called my office?"

"Yes, I did. I also called my office and told them I was taking the day off. Now are you going to get back in this bed, or do I have to come over there and do something to convince you?" Stacy flipped back the covers and slid over making room for him.

"Screw the office," He said.

Mike dropped his towel and slid into the bed beside Stacy, quickly taking her into his arms and kissing her gently. She looked deeply into his eyes and said. "I love you so much. I don't want to share you with anyone, at least for one more day."

Mike eyes sparkled, "I love you too. You are the most beautiful, sexy woman on earth, and I can't imagine anything better than spending the day in bed with you."

"Oh, Mike. You say the most romantic things!" Stacy was touched. When Mike said something like that, it was always spontaneous, never contrived. And she never had any doubt that it came straight from his heart.

Mike asked, "But how did you know I wanted stay home with you today?"

Stacy smiled, "Great minds think alike. Now kiss me again!"

Mike kissed her again, this time harder and more passionately. His hands started to roam over her naked skin, touching her breasts, then her tummy, and then sliding lower to stroke the inside of her thighs. Stacy shuddered when his hand parted her legs and began to gently finger her already wet pussy; he knew just how and where to touch her. 

He started to suckle her breasts, pulling first one hard nipple and then the other between his lips, drawing more moans from her. "Your breasts are so perfect. I could do this for hours," Mike said, then swiped his tongue over a stiff nipple.

"Ohhh, that's nice. Oooooh. But I need more than that, lover!" Stacy giggled. She pulled him over on top of her and then gasped as the head of his stiff prick brushed across her excited pussy and slid over her swollen clit for a fleeting moment. 

"God! You make me so hot!" Stacy moaned.

Mike chuckled, "I know, darling. I know. And now I am going to show you how hot you make me."

He entered her slowly, inch by inch, savoring the intense heat and slippery wetness of her, reveling in the way her pussy enveloped his throbbing cock. Once he was fully embedded inside her, he kissed her deeply, passionately, longingly, lost in the sensation of her lips on his, her flesh against his flesh. Stacy wrapped her legs around him, holding him there, neither of them ready to move.

"Oh Mike! I love the feel of your cock inside me!" she whispered. 

They kissed again, locked in the grip of pure animal lust, another slow, deep, sensual kiss that seemed to go on and on. They clung tightly together, their bodies joined, their tongues probing and their hands gently caressing each other, hinting at pleasures yet to come. Somehow they were no longer individuals, they were simply one body, one purpose, and one soul, driven by desire and love for each other. 

Almost involuntarily they began to thrust, Mike's cock gliding slowly in and out of her wet pussy with ease. Stacy's hips rose to meet each of his thrusts, grinding her clit against his pubic bone as she pulled the full length of him deep inside. They were so familiar with each other that they quickly assumed a perfect rhythm, their bodies moving in tandem, each giving and receiving maximum pleasure. 

For minutes they continued moving together, hearts pounding, blood rushing; their overheated bodies awash in sweat. Stacy was moaning quietly in his ear and Mike was grunting with every thrust. Onward they drove, steadily and continuously, climbing together to higher and higher levels of ecstasy. Suddenly Stacy's eyes opened wide and she begged him.

"Oh, God, yes Mike! Fuck me. Fuck me with your hard cock! Fuck meeeee!" 

Slowly, the intensity of Mike's thrusts began to rise; deep, powerful strokes that made Stacy's body shudder with every impact. Her cunt felt like it was getting tighter and hotter by the second, squeezing his tortured rod until he felt like it was ready to burst. He continued to pound her relentlessly, ignoring his own growing need until it became almost unbearable. Slowly the tension and pressure in Mike's balls grew then spread throughout his groin until he knew he couldn't hold back any longer. He groaned loudly, "Oh God, Stacy, I am almost there."

"Me too baby! Me tooooooo!" Stacy cried out.

Even though they were both ready, it was still a surprise when they exploded together. Stacy screamed and clamped her legs tightly around him as her back arched and her body began to shudder uncontrollably. Mike reacted and drove his cock deep into her, his body shaking convulsively as his cock released a torrent of milky white cum into her waiting cunt. Their orgasms seemed to go on forever, his cock spewing inside of her, and her cunt muscles massaging every last drop from him, until neither of them had anything left to give. 

They collapsed together on the bed; their bodies still joined, feeling little aftershocks and basking in the warm glow of love for each other. For some time afterwards, Mike held Stacy close, staring tenderly into her eyes, kissing her gently, and toying with her hair; unwilling to let the moment pass.

"That was incredible," Stacy giggled, breaking the erotic spell. She was still a little short of breath. 

Mike rolled off of her and chuckled, "It sure was. My god, Stacy! I've never felt anything as good as the way I feel when we make love. You are fantastic."

Stacy smiled, "No. We are fantastic together, honey. It takes two you know, and you are a great partner."

Mike knew she was stroking his ego, but he didn't mind at all. "Well, I know one thing for sure. I could use some coffee. I think I'll go rustle up some."

Stacy sighed contentedly and smiled as she watched Mike pull on his robe and head for the kitchen. "How is it I took so long to find a man like him?" She mused. She was humming a happy tune as she walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

A few minutes later, Mike was just pouring the coffee when Stacy walked up behind him and put her arms around his waist. She was wearing nothing but one of his t-shirts; freshly showered she smelled fragrantly of soap and shampoo. "Mmmm, you smell better than this coffee. Are you hungry?" Mike asked.

Stacy purred, "Not really. Come back to bed Mike." She took him by the hand and led him into the bed room. Mike followed her willingly.

Mike kissed her then pulled the t-shirt up over her head. He quickly stripped off his own t-shirt and shorts, and they fell on the bed and kissing fiercely. His cock was already growing and stiffening as he quickly attacked her breasts, suckling them hungrily until she began to moan and beg wantonly. 

He slid lower, placing gentle, little kisses slowly down her torso until he reached her sweet mons. When he extended his tongue and slid it the full length of her slit, she cried out in ecstasy. Mike loved to eat Stacy's pussy; the exotic taste of her juices, the distinctly feminine aroma, and the silky, soft texture of her smoothly shaved lips all exited him intensely. He knew just how to long to tease her, and exactly how to drive her to mind blowing orgasms.

He ate her lovingly, hungrily, and ferociously, until she succumbed, arching her back and crying out, "Aaaaaaaaggggghhhhh!" Stacy was still whimpering and shuddering from her powerful climax when she pushed his face away from her tormented cunt and looked down at him with a sinfully wicked look on her face.

Mike had seen that look before, "What? What are you thinking now?"

Stacy just rolled over onto her tummy and pushed her butt slightly up into the air.

Mike gulped, "You don't really want me to do that? Do you?"

"Why not? My friend Helen says she does it all the time and she loves it."

"You actually talk about that kind of stuff with your friends?"

"Of course. We girls gab about everything."

Mike thought for a second. It was such a dirty, forbidden thing -- something he had only read about -- but he was actually very excited by the idea, so excited that his hard cock was starting to throb painfully.

Mike asked, "Have you ever done it?"

Stacy's eyes gleamed. "Anal Sex? No. It is one thing I have never experienced. You will be my first."

Mike grinned, "Really? OK . . . but only if you are really sure!"

"Yes, I am sure. I want to do it, and I want it to be with you." She reached into her nightstand and pulled out a tube of lubricant.

"I am not sure I know what to do," said Mike.

"Helen says the secret is using lots of lube. First, lube me up and use just one finger, then later you can try another. Don't worry, I'll tell you if it hurts." Stacy pushed her ass a little higher in the air and wiggled it suggestively.

Mike was a little unsure, but squirted out a good sized blob of the slippery liquid and slathered it between her cheeks. Then he started to gently probe her anus with a single finger. He was pleasantly surprised when it slipped easily into her ass. Stacy moaned and pushed back against his hand, forcing his finger all the way inside her. 

"Oooooh, that feels good. Slide it in and out a little. Ahhhh, that's it."

Mike started to slowly thrust his finger in and out, wiggling it around a bit. Stacy cooed, "Mmmm, that's good."

After a minute or so, he added some more lube and then slid another finger into her puckering hole. Stacy gasped, and started to moan, soft little "mmmms" with every stroke of his fingers. Mike started to build a rhythm, using his fingers the same way he hoped to use his cock. After several more minutes, he added a third finger. Soon after he gradually felt her relax and his fingers began sliding easily in and out. 

Stacy ground her ass against his thrusting fingers, moaning loudly, "Mmmm, Oh! Mmmm, Oh! Oh God! I think I'm ready now. Give me your hard cock. I want to feel it inside me."

Mike used his free had to squirt a glob of lube onto his throbbing cock but he was so nervous that he squeezed too hard. A generous stream of lube coated his cock and dripped onto the bed. He spread it liberally over the full length of his shaft, then applied some more to his thrusting fingers. A moment later her removed his fingers and positioned himself with his cock poised at her rear entrance.

"Are you sure Stacy? We don't have to do this."

"Oh, I am sure big boy! Stick that big hard cock in me and fuck my ass baby!"

Mike gritted his teeth and pressed his hard cock against the now slippery opening. It took a little more effort than he anticipated but it slowly started to slip in. With a soft "plop", the fat head abruptly slid past the stiff ring of muscle guarding her anus and into the hot slippery tunnel. 

"Oh gawd! It feels SO BIG! Go slow baby. Let me get used to it." 

Mike just held still for a moment, waiting for her to relax again. After a short wait, Stacy started pushing back against him and he watched in awe as his cock slowly disappeared into her ass. Once she had as much as she could take, she stopped and said, "Oh my God. I never knew it could feel this good. Now fuck me baby. Fuck me like a dirty little slut! Go ahead, you know you want to."

He was surprised and instantly excited by her dirty talk. He slowly pulled his cock back and then slid it forward, penetrating her again. Stacy grunted as he repeated the slow thrust several more times. Eventually she started to move with him, forcing more of his slippery tool inside her tight tunnel. After about a minute, Mike paused to add a little more lube, and then started moving his hips in a steady rhythm. 

Mike couldn't believe it was happening. He was utterly fascinated as he watched his cock repeatedly disappear then reappear from Stacy's beautiful, tight ass. Even more exciting was the way she kept grinding her hips frantically and quivering her ass cheeks every time he plunged his ramrod into her hole. "You are such a dirty girl. Do you like feeling my big cock in your ass?" Mike said, mimicking her dirty language. 

"Mmmm . . . Ahhh. Yesss, that's it. Punish my dirty, slut ass. Oh gawd, it feels sooo good!"

Mike was still being careful. He was nervous and even a little afraid he was going to hurt her. But Stacy's ass was so tight and so hot, that he just couldn't help pushing a little deeper and thrusting a little faster. Suddenly Stacy moaned wildly and slid a hand down to her pussy, shoving two fingers inside and rubbing her thumb against her clitoris. Instantly she became even more vocal, urging him on with more dirty talk.

"Oh fuck! Oh gawd! Ungh! Fuck me hard, baby. Aaagh! That's it. Treat me like a dirty slut. Ungh! Fuck my tight ass. Oh gawd. It feels soooooo goooood!"

Mike noticed his cock was gradually slipping deeper into her with every thrust. In reaction his excitement surged and he began to fuck her faster and harder. Before long his cock was penetrating to the hilt on every thrust; the sensation felt like her pussy, only tighter and hotter. Stacy continued to finger herself, tits bouncing wildly, head swaying from side to side in time with the pounding of his hard cock. It wasn't long before he felt his balls begin to boil and he knew his orgasm wouldn't be far behind. From the way his cock seemed to be swelling inside her, he was pretty sure Stacy could feel it, too.

"OH GOD! UNNGH! LIKE THAT! AAAAGH! HARDER! HARDER! OH! OH! OOOOOOH!"

Suddenly Stacy threw her head back screamed wildly as her orgasm overtook her, "OHHHHH GAAWWDD! AAAAAAHHHHH!" She bucked and heaved, grinding her ass against his still thrusting cock. "OH YESSSS! Cum in me, baby! Shoot your hot cum in my slut ass!" she squealed and shuddered. 

Mike shoved his cock deep inside her pinning her down onto the bed and groaned, "AAHHHHHH". His raging cock unloaded and sprayed a thick, hot stream of cum deep into her quivering ass. Stacy wailed "OOOOOOH!" and her ass clenched down tight, holding him firmly inside as his cock spurted several more times. When he was finally spent, he flopped forward onto her back, kissing her neck gently until his softening cock slipped gently free. 

They turned towards each other and embraced, waiting for their hearts to stop racing. Mike looked deeply into her eyes, kissed her tenderly then whispered, "Stacy, I love you so much. You have become my every fantasy. I think about you all the time when we are apart, and I treasure every minute when we are together. I can't imagine my life without you."

Stacy looked up at Mike. Her throat felt tight and there were tears were welling up in her eyes, "Oh Mike, honey, I love you too. I feel so happy when we are together; it makes me want to be with you all the time." She kissed him and hugged him tightly. 

Mike paused, thinking for a moment then blurted out. "Why don't we move in together? That way we can be together as much as possible."

Stacy grinned, a wide toothy smile, "Huh? What brought that on?"

"Why not? Living next door each other is fine, but I need more. I want to wake up next you to every day. I want to share more than good times and great sex. I want to share our lives. What do you say?"

"Mike, I love you dearly, and I will do anything to make you happy. So, where will we live? Your place or mine?"

"Ah, so now you're turning practical on me?"

"It seems like a reasonable question." 

"OK, simple logic. Right now it has to be your place, because together we have too much stuff for this place. But, I have another idea that I think you will like even better?"

Stacy snuggled up against him and cooed, "Ooooh. Tell me more." 

Mike pulled her close and kissed her. "I have always wanted to build a house. You know; a custom house of my own design. That's what I want us to do -- together. Let's build a house!"

Stacy thought for a moment, "Oh Mike! What a fantastic idea!"

"I thought you would see it that way. We'll do it together. You and I . . . and we will need an architect, of course. I have a feeling that you will be great at this. You have such an eye for style and you are such a good planner."

Stacy pushed Mike flat onto his back and slid over, straddling him. "You are such a flatterer. That must be why I love you so much." She leaned down and kissed him, then started planting little kisses down his neck and slowly across his chest, still talking as she did so. "First we need to find some property . . . I know some great spots . . . then we need to find just the right architect . . . I bet Bill Ross knows someone. We should ask him . . . What about a general contractor?"

Mike laughed, "Fine. I can see you are getting the hang of this already."

Stacy smiled, "Hmmm, and I think I see a tool I can use."

Mike said, "Yep, give it some time and it will be hard as a hammer and ready to nail you!" 

Stacy cooed, "Ooooh, I can't wait!"