 This is the fifth part of fictitious story of Melissa, a young female rookie police officer selected to participate in an undercover assignment assigned to a federal task force. Gene, her FTO will serve as her guardian angel and security back up. Brian and Samantha agents that will be working with them on the undercover case join them at the safe house. LB, formerly known as FBB, my former love and still a soul mate is the coauthor and editor. The story takes place in a large metropolitan city on the west coast. Samantha and Brian work for a fictitious federal law enforcement agency. 

----------------------------------

Sam and Mel climbed from the pool using the steps at the shallow end. As they left the pool, the men offered the topless ladies a huge beach towel. They dried their bodies, but neither of the ladies tried to cover their bare breasts. They casually walked over to the table where Gene had set their drinks. Sitting down, not trying to be modest, they both smiled at the agents; men they would be working with and relying on to watch their backs. With a clink of their drink glasses, the others went in the pool house to change and join the fun. 

It wasn't long after they all returned to the pool and started a game of water volleyball that Mel and Sam realized the games was being played just to see the ladies jump around in the water topless. The novelty wore off as the men decided it was time for dinner. Several of the agents were heading back to the city leaving only Gene, Brian one of the other agents working the case, along with Sam and Mel. The ladies excused themselves to go in and change while Brian and Gene prepared the grill for the steaks and veggies that would be dinner.

"Sam, I hope you didn't mind playing in the pool?"

"Well it was a surprise when you flipped me and the kiss was unexpected. But it was all fun!" 

"Sam, I don't mean to be too bold, but I really did think you were extremely sexy when you walked in the front door. I was hoping you would be staying the night." 

Sam walked over to Mel. She took her hand, looked at her beautiful face, and whispered, "I read your file. I know more about you than you probably realize, including your days at LSU." Melissa's face began to turn red with the idea that Sam knew about her on-campus romance with her sorority big sister, Jeanie. "Mel, don't worry, it's fine. But after reading your bio, I decided I needed to be involved in the case instead of sending one of my staff." Mel smiled over her shoulder and stepped into the shower to rinse off the chlorine. "Want to join me?" 

It would be a quick shower with only a few minutes to kiss and touch each other. Before they knew it they had to end before the guys came looking for them. Sam went to her room to dress while Melissa stayed in hers and pulled a pair of linen shorts from her drawer with matching top. She didn't bother with shoes and left the room just as Sam stepped from her room across the hall dressed in a long bellowing beach dress with bare shoulders and tied behind her neck. It was in subtle lavender with a paisley pattern and, like Mel, she was shoeless. 

Walking out onto the patio they immediately sensed the aroma of the food cooking on the grill and joined the men. Sam seemed to automatically pair off with Brian while Melissa went over and stood next to Gene. The conversation during dinner remained light, avoiding any discussion of the case or work. 

With the last bite of steak and sip of wine Brian broke what seemed to have cast a pall over the dinner. "We are all adults here, so let's forget trying to maintain professional boundaries. We all know, I think, that some of us have slept with the other and rather than risk bumping into one another sneaking between rooms tonight let's assume that Mel and Gene will be sharing a room and Sam will be in my room. Agreed?" All four burst out laughing! 

Melissa had heard some of the stories of federal agents that partied hard while away from the home office on details and some had made it into the press with the end of some agents' careers. It appeared she was now seeing it firsthand and noticed that neither Sam nor Brian was wearing wedding or engagement rings. 

In the chill of the evening air, the foursome decided to retreat into the family room and Gene started a movie that he and Mel had wanted to watch. Mel had already settled onto the curve-shaped couch. She sat with her legs tucked under her body and leaned back towards where Gene would sit, using his shoulder as a backrest. The other couple took to the opposite end of the couch, sitting close to one another as if they were a couple and not coworkers. The movie, an action flick set in the not-too-distant future, quickly lost the attention of the four and the sounds of kissing and clothes rustling could be heard over the movies dialogue.

Gene looked over and saw that Brian had raised Sam's dress to expose her legs and the delicate lace of her black panties that were stretched tight over her private area. They two were kissing as if they were two teen-agers making out in the back of Dad's Chevrolet. Gene decided to give them some privacy, though watching them had an erotic element of voyeurism. He took Melissa's hand and led her upstairs to the bedroom that they had been sharing for the few days they had been at the safe house. Reaching the landing overlooking the Great Room they both took one more look at the nearly nude bodies strewn on the couch. Walking through the bedroom door Gene closed and turned the lock securing it from intruders, though the idea of Sam and Brian joining him and Melissa was inviting!

Sam, had waited a long time for this, she had been stuck in DC while Brian worked cases on the Pacific Coast. Their paths would cross occasionally or they would find an excuse for a meeting to collaborate on some "major case" or take a training course somewhere away from headquarters and the academy. She was going to work this one as long as she could. She was in a bland marriage that provided her with financial stability beyond her government salary as a senior executive but with the addition of her husband's monthly allowance she could "really live it up!" The first few years were exciting enough but as he became more involved in his career and the next venture became more important than his beautiful and sexy wife the two seemed to live parallel but separate lives.

Brian had enjoyed the bachelor life since leaving the Navy and joining the bureau and still sported a Porsche 911 and a Harley Soft Tail. He enjoyed his life and the fast pace, but there was a cerebral side to him and he was only a few months away from finishing his doctorate in forensic psychology. 

Brian couldn't take just kissing and playing with Sam any longer and pulled her down to the floor with him. Bumping into the coffee table leg they rolled to the other side and Sam ended up on top of him with her legs straddling his hips. She turned so that her back was facing Brian's face and raised enough to slip his cock into her waiting pussy. She began rocking back and forth in a movement she was told by her younger sister was called a "Reverse Cowgirl." Brian was enjoying letting her ride this throbbing cock while he watched her supple ass move up and down. Putting his finger on the top of her ass crack he began running, it down until it rested on the pink bud of her asshole. He pushed his index finger into her ass and slowly moved it deeper and deeper until it was completely in her ass and she was fucking both his cock and his finger. 

Sam was enjoying the ride but what she wanted more than anything was to feel Brian slip his now well-lubed cock into her. She pulled away from him and moved to lay her breasts on the couch, leaving her ass exposed to Brian for him to take and fuck. She wiggled it back and forth until she felt him moving behind her. Reaching back, she grabbed his cock and began to position it at the entrance of her asshole. As Brian pushed his cock, forward Sam pushed back, feeling his manhood stretching her sphincter muscle and going further into her dark canal. With his cock firmly in her ass, Sam began to rub her clit, feeling the climax beginning to rise in her two erogenous zones. Feeling his deep thrusts into her Sam screamed out as the feeling of pleasure mixed with the pain of having his cock inside of her. Feeling his jizz shooting inside of her she yelled which she was certain would wake up the next-door neighbors, not to mention the couple on the second floor. Brian collapsed on top of Sam; wrapping his arms around her while, they tried to catch their breath. Finally, settling next to her he reached for the glass of wine that still had one swallow, took it into his mouth, then pressed his lips to hers sharing the last bit of sweet juice. 

The next morning Gene knocked on Sam and Brian's bedroom door and opened it, seeing the two of them sprawled nude on the bed with their arms and legs interlocking. With the voice of his time in the Corps he yelled, "Morning there agents! Grab your socks and drop your cocks it's time for morning PT." Sam and Brian opened one eye, they muttered, "You've got to be kidding me?"