 This is the third part of fictitious story of Melissa, a young female rookie police officer selected to participate in an undercover assignment assigned to a federal task force. Her FTO will serve as her guardian angel and security back up. The romance between Melissa and Gene continues with more revelations about themselves. LB, formerly known as FBB, my love and soul mate is the coauthor and editor.

*****

Melissa, Gene, their boss, a Metro Police LT, and the fed's special agent in charge, (or SAC) were all quiet traveling in the elevator. At the door to the task force offices, they showed the uniformed security officer their creds and he gave them temporary access badges that were on beaded chains that they placed around their necks. Melissa's badge dangled between her pert breasts and gave everyone she passed a reason to stare at her trim yet feminine figure. Entering the conference room, the SAC introduced them to the other agents that would be working the case and a few specialists that would provide various support functions.

"This is Melissa. She will be our UC (under-cover) while Gene will be her "guardian angel" (back up always close at hand). They'll need to be briefed up on the case and will need to meet with each of the support office reps before they leave today."

Each agent briefed their part of the case and Melissa gathered there was a corrupt politician who was selling government contracts and favors. Because most of the money was coming from "federal sources," the Feds had jurisdiction over the crime. Since the target may have recognized officers that had 'been on the job', the SAC asked for a fresh officer straight from the academy and one that was appropriately nice looking, young, sexy, and with the maturity to operate as a UC.

After the briefing they made the rounds to each support rep. The first was a surveillance specialist that wanted to talk to them about the cars they planned to lease. He would install the radios, covert recording equipment, as well as special compartments that would contain back-up weapons in the event they may need them. He explained that to open the compartments a sensor would have to recognize the fingerprint of the person before the class-7 lock would disarm. 

He suggested that Melissa would probably work best with something sporty. After comparing a few models, he suggested a Porsche 918 Cabriolet as a nice pick for Melissa and for Gene a high-end European SUV. Using an American model would look similar to ones used by many law enforcement agencies. After they rented the cars, the specialist told them to send them to a specific garage downtown, which turned out to be a fed front company, to have the special gear installed. 

Next, they stopped by the armor, or gunsmith. He opened the vault and they selected a number of different weapons. They both preferred Sig Sauer's but Melissa also chose a small S&W Bodyguard 380 with laser sights and a nice thigh holster that would fit discreetly under any dress. Gene also picked out a tactical shotgun and a Smith & Wesson rifle that matched the one in his personal vehicle. 

There next stop was a lady who reminded them both of an old seamstress that worked at many neighborhood shops that seemed to have disappeared over the years. She explained to Melissa that she should bring a few of her bras, jeans and a jacket to have "bugs" sewn into the garment. She also handed Melissa a padded jewelry bag, when she opened it she saw an assortment of items that she learned were either bugs or emergency signaling pieces disguised as jewelry to alert Gene and other back-up agents if she were in trouble.

Back in the SAC's office, he explained that they should never drive their UC cars to any meetings at either the police station house or the federal building. Gene could use his personal car if they needed to meet at a government location. He then handed them tickets to travel to the fed's academy in order to go through a two-week long UC procedures course. The SAC apologized to Gene, knowing he had just been released from a special task force. However, this was a new requirement from Justice after some other agencies blew several UC ops and ended up on the front page of most daily newspapers in the country. He then gave them the address of a special "shopper" that would help Melissa pick out any special wardrobe items and asked Gene if he had a tuxedo and eveningwear etcetera. He handed him a check for $5,000 to cover any new items, as well as wear and tear on his personal clothes. 

With their heads spinning with all the details, Gene suggested that they first go car shopping followed by a visit to the "shopper" to assist Melissa. At the leasing office of a dealer that handled European leases, they selected the Porsche in red with black interior that the specialist recommended and a BMW SUV in gray for Gene (who soon realized he was going to lose his beloved convertible!). The agent placed the order for the cars and Gene told the pleasant and rather attractive young lady to deliver the cars to the fed garage since they would likely still be at the academy when they arrived. 

Deciding to stop for lunch, they picked a small seafood place not far from the beach. Sitting at a table on the patio, they looked like a couple having lunch and not the UC cops that they really were. Gene felt something rubbing his bare ankle and realized Melissa had slipped her foot from her shoe and was rubbing her perfectly manicured and polished toes along his leg, playing footsies with him. What a surprise! He looked over with a smirk, letting her know much he appreciated what she was doing. 

Gene ordered a dozen oysters and clams, not asking whether Melissa would eat what most women considered as "little slimy things." The waiter set the iced platter in the center of the table. Melissa (not missing a beat) opened a package of crackers, stirred some horseradish into the sauce, added a few shots of Tabasco, and squirted the sliced lemon over the sea creatures. She hungrily slurped one of the large oysters with sauce and cracker into her mouth. Gene looked at her tender young face and smiled thinking, 'Test three passed'.

Not wanting to sit through Melissa's session with the wardrobe "shopper" Gene dropped her in front of the classy ladies store and told her to call his cell when she was ready - he was going to check out the condominiums. The feds picked a newly built upscale high-rise that overlooked the bay with a yacht basin, swimming pool, and any other amenity that one could imagine.

Gene's unit was rather large for one person but it could accommodate a working area for him and other surveillance specialist that may need to monitor what was going on in Melissa's two-bed room unit, which was decorated to reflect the taste of a sexy young lady who was moving in the power circles of the city.

Gene noticed a desk in one bedroom that was set up as an office, covered with a number of recorders that he assumed were connected to microphones and cameras in Melissa's unit. "Mmmm... I hope this doesn't turn into a problem," thinking he had only known her for a few days but was becoming infatuated with her. He went into the kitchen and saw the refrigerator was stocked with a few items and then went to the bar cabinet near the sliding glass door which led to the balcony overlooking the bay that was also stocked with an assortment of bottles. Looking out over the bay, he remembered his days spent sailing, always in the company of beautiful sexy ladies but none that seemed to have put a lock on his heart as this young officer had in less than 48 hours. The vibration of his cell phone, which began flashing Melissa's name, brought him back to reality.

Gene pulled to the curb in front of the store. Melissa opened the door and slid rear-end first into the seat as a proper lady would, preventing Gene from enjoying a gratuitous look at her legs. Since they were near Gene's place, he suggested they go there to digest everything and discuss what was next for them to accomplish before they caught their flights to the East Coast for the two-week course. Playing it close he figured he could grill some steaks and ply her with some beer. Maybe he would be lucky a second night! 

Pulling up the drive Melissa gazed at the house that she could not image was occupied by a lowly police officer. The drive led to an English Tudor-style home with an attached garage that Gene pulled into and parked next to a Land Rover SUV and a more elegant dark Mercedes Sedan.

"Gene, I'm not trying to be nosy but who do you live with? We can go back to my place if you want." 

"Melissa, it's a well-kept secret which no one at the station house knows, but I am what we like to call "comfortable". Those are my cars and, since the maid probably finished around one with her every-other day cleaning, she is long gone and the house is ours."

Raising her brows Melissa let out a low, "Ohhh I see..." 

Walking through the garage, Gene disarmed the alarm and waited for the conformation before he opened the door that led to a large field stone deck that surrounded a tiled swimming pool with an adjoining hot tub spa. There were tables and assorted lounge chairs and chaises, which would make it a perfect place to entertain. "Too bad I didn't bring a swim suit!" Melissa said, waiting for Gene to unlock the back door so they could go in the house. Gene turned to her, "Do you need a suit?" with a smile on his face. 

The house looked massive for a single man to live in. Gene went on to explain that when his parents passed away he inherited the house, the family's companies, (that for the most part he let the managers run) and several more houses in various locales frequented by those that also considered themselves to be comfortable. He looked into the restaurant-sized refrigerator and pulled out two beers, popped the caps off the bottles, and handed one to the first lady that he had invited to his home in a long time. 

"Melissa, if you want to swim there are some spare suits in the pool house that I keep for guests. Or... since we have already seen each other nude..." "Shut up, you know I was kidding!" With that, she kicked off her heels, began unzipping her skirt, and was quickly standing in matching bra and panties while Gene swallowed a long drink of beer. "I'll be right back." Gene said as he turned to get fresh towels and robes. He heard the door open and, a few seconds later, the splash of water as Melissa jumped nude into the cool water. Stepping over her panties and bra lying in a pile in the entranceway Gene quickly stripped, crossed the patio, and dove into the water surfacing next to Melissa. 

Reaching over he scooped her up into his arms, holding her as if she were a young child. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and kissed the lips that she had wanted to kiss all day during what seemed to be an endless run of meetings. "You know there, 'Superman,' I could get used to this."

He carried her to the side of the pool, set her down at the water's edge, and placed her legs over his shoulders; burying his face into her love mound tasting the pussy that he had dreamt about all day. She couldn't believe how he made her feel, oh so good! Could life be this good? He moved from licking down her pussy lips and pushed her back so she was lying on the deck exposing her ass to his tongue that he began to lick and pressed his tongue against her pink bud and then back to sucking on her clitoris. Climbing from the water, he picked her up and carried her into the house, letting her down softly on the carpeted floor in the den. He plunged his throbbing cock into her pussy to fuck her for the second time that day. 

Gene's cock was racing in when he felt her small but muscular body begin to press against him. Melissa rolled him onto the floor without letting him slip out of her vagina. She now had him lying on the floor with his arms stretched and his wrist pinned to the floor. She kept up the motion, moving her hips over his love tool bring him closer and closer to orgasm. She dropped her head down, released his arms and began sucking on his nipples. He wrapped his arms around her holding her tight as his cum rushed through his cock and into her pussy.

Collapsing on top of him she kissed him again, "Superman, what are you doing to me!"