 Roxanne entered the conference room and took a seat. She was attending a course at another production plant and was one of the first to arrive. As others entered, Roxanne recognized a few of them from previous process courses and then met a few new people. One of the people she met for the first time was to be her neighbour and class partner for the three days of the course. His name was James and Roxanne was immediately smitten with him. His skin was darker than most, from some Asian and native ancestors as she learned in conversation. He had a great body and an amazing rear end. And when he smiled, Roxanne couldn't help but smile too.

As the course progressed, they worked well together and had a lot of fun. Several times, Roxanne wondered if James was flirting with her or if she was imagining things as wishful thinking. On the last day, they were supposed to apply their new knowledge by doing a mill audit. Doing such an audit required taking readings and samples at regular intervals and all participants were assigned an area. Teams remained as they had all week so Roxanne and James were paired.

As they put on their safety gear, one of the plant people came to see them and said that they were under a tornado watch for the afternoon and informed them that if the watch turned into a warning, they'd announce it on the radios and that if a tornado became imminent, they would hear a siren. They then learned that if they heard that siren, they were to take cover immediately. While a few teams had to be shuffled to ensure there was a local person on each team, James and Roxanne stayed together. James had worked at this plant before so knew the layout well.

Roxanne and James made their way to their assigned location and started working. Now that they were alone, there was no mistaking the flirting. Several times, there was touching and winking and smiling. In between the sampling, they'd talk. Roxanne found out that James was now working at a plant not too far away from where they were and he knew exactly what to do if the sirens rang. He reassured her that the chances of that happening were pretty low.

As the day progressed, they saw dark clouds forming and the humidity got even worse than it had been. Roxanne had never felt such humidity before and despite the heat, she shivered at the sight of how dark the clouds were getting. Laughing, James put his arm around her shoulder and said "Don't worry, I'll keep you safe."

And that's when they heard on the radio that the tornado watch had now become a warning and that everyone should scout out safe places. Again, James reassured her and said "I know a place we can go to, we will not get hurt, I promise."

They took another round of samples and then looked up at the sky. Roxanne shivered and asked "Is that cloud rotating?" 

James also looked up and nodded. The wind was picking up and rain started to fall. They took cover from the rain and kept looking at the ever-darkening clouds overhead. The rain got worse as they took another round of samples and Roxanne could swear there was something harder than rain pelting her arms. When the sirens started, Roxanne nearly jumped out of her skin.

James grabbed her hand and pulled her towards a concrete building. There was no mistaking that what was coming down had turned to hail. They could see the clouds rotating and churning as they made their way to the door. James pulled opened the door and pushed her in. The room was not big and was a storage room for cleaning supplies. There were brooms and shovels and such. James closed and secured the door behind them. 

Then, he surprised Roxanne by pulling her into his arms and holding her. "Don't worry. I've been through several tornadoes and I'm still fine. We'll be fine."

As he said that, he soothed her hair and kissed her temple. It was all very sweet. As the noise got louder outside, Roxanne simply held on to him, feeling safe in his strong arms. 

Within a few minutes, the lights went out. They could no longer hear any sound from the nearby machines and equipment, only the hail pelting against the heavy metal door. Then, they heard other objects banging against the door. To her relief, the door held fast and kept them safe.

They had no clue how long they were there. It seemed like an eternity. However, eventually, the noise died down. They waited a while and then James pulled back and asked "You okay? I think the worst is over. We made it. I'm going to try opening the door, okay?"

Roxanne nodded and then realized that he couldn't see her in the dark. "yes, I'm okay. Thanks. But how do you know that it's safe?"

"No more noise, just rain."

James made his way to the door and unbolted it. He carefully tried to open it but it would only open about 2 inches. It was enough to let some light in. It was also enough to see that there was a huge piece of debris blocking the door. They couldn't tell what it was, only that it was big and not moving.

Roxanne asked "Now what?"

"Well, we wait and when the radios start working again, we tell them where we are. They'll bring a loader or something over here and get us out. Meanwhile, we just wait."

They talked for a while, mostly James telling stories of previous tornadoes he'd survived. Then, they heard the radio start crackling and heard some voices. Soon, there were cries for help from people who were hurt. Someone got them to be quiet for a minute and then started a roll call to verify who was okay and who needed help. When James indicated that they were blocked in but otherwise fine, they were told that they'd be a low priority and to sit tight while injured people were taken care of first.

After hearing how many people were injured, James declared "it's probably going to be at least an hour." Then, he got this twinkle in his eyes and said "I have a few ideas on how we could pass the time."

Grinning, Roxanne asked "What, you have a deck of cards in your pocket?"

"I got better than that in my pocket. Want to feel it up?"

As he said that, he grabbed her hand and pulled it towards his crotch. Roxanne pulled her hand away and exclaimed "You can't be serious!"

"You can't tell me you don't feel the attraction between us!"

"True but here? Now?"

"Why not? We have at least an hour."

James reached for her and gently pulled her face to his and kissed her lightly on the lips. He pulled back slightly and gave her a chance to pull away. When she didn't, he leaned in and kissed her again, this time gently parting her lips with his own and allowing their tongues to meet. Within a few seconds, Roxanne's arms wrapped around him and she responded, kissing him back. 

They kissed for a while and then their hands started roaming. His lips left hers and made their way to her neck where he kissed tickled her with his tongue, making her moan. His hands started undressing her. She hesitated so he stopped and focused on his own clothes. He removed his shirt and undershirt, showing her, in the dim light, his sculpted torso. She touched him. His skin was soft and warm.

She put both her hands on his chest and started planting kisses all over his muscular chest, caressing. He caressed her arms, allowing her to explore. Then she looked up and their lips locked again. This time, when he reached for her shirt buttons, she didn't stop him. Instead, she helped him and as soon as she was as naked as he was from the waist up, she said "I want to feel your skin against mine." He obliged, enjoying the feeling himself. 

They continued kissing and James caressed the breasts he'd enjoyed sneaking peeks at during their classroom time. Soon, he had her nipples nice and hard and had her moaning with pleasure with his touch. After a few more moments of kissing and caressing, James started undoing his pants. She stopped him and said "Mine."

She knelt down in front of him and finished undoing his pants. Pushing them down, she deliberately avoided the obvious and caressed the rear end she'd admired the last few days. Then, she reached for his hardening cock and gave it a few strokes. Wasting no time, she pulled him into her mouth and started licking and suckling. James wrapped his fingers in her hair and gently pulled her forward. Roxanne took him in, gently nibbling on his hardness with her teeth. 

"Careful there!" he said as she did so.

Pulling away, she said "Don't worry!" And she took him back as deep as she could, teasing the underside of his cock with her tongue. 

She let him gently fuck her face for a moment and then he pulled out and said "my turn". She looked around and said "not on this floor!" 

He grabbed a wheelbarrow and set it straight and, putting his shirt at the bottom, said "there, clean."

Both of them worked at removing her pants and she laid back in the makeshift furniture and allowed him access. He started caressing her legs and soon reached her core. Then, it was his turn to kneel and start kissing and licking. 

"Ooooh, sweet tongue!"

James smiled and continued giving her pleasure. His fingers weren't idle either, still teasing her nipples and then caressing her legs or any part of her body he could reach. At times, he had Roxanne wondering if he didn't have more than two hands.

"I want you inside James."

"I won't argue with that, I can't wait to feel you around me."

He somehow managed to align himself to her in the wheel barrow and gently push in, causing her to moan loudly. After a few strokes, Roxanne asked "this isn't too comfortable for you, is it?"

James admitted "No, not really."

"Help me up."

James pulled out and helped Roxanne stand up. She turned around and leaned onto the wheelbarrow and said "This should be easier and a whole lot more fun."

James didn't need to be told twice and penetrated her again from behind. It was way more comfortable and he was able to push in deeper which caused delicious friction and pleasure for both of them.

Soon, they were both moaning and panting and Roxanne pleaded "don't stop, James, don't stop. I'm so close."

He reached around and started rubbing her clit, pushing her over the edge as evidenced by her squeezing pussy muscles and lour moans. That pushed him over too and he came with a grunt. They both continued moving for about a minute and then pulled apart. 

James pulled her against him and kissed her deeply.

They then got dressed and sat on the ground, cuddling as they waited for their turn to be freed. It was only about 20 minutes later that workers came with a loader to remove the debris from the doorway and allow them to get out of their shelter. When asked how they'd passed the time, both smiled and said "We quizzed each other on the course material."