 You greet me at the door, wearing nothing more than a seductive smile and a very sexy set of lingerie. You pull me in to kiss me, running your hands up and down my back as I run mine up and down yours. When I grab your ass, you do the same to me. I chuckle as you run your finger down my chest and turn, beckoning me to follow you, as you saunter away with a swish of your hips. 

I of course come in, and when I am right where you want me you turn and suddenly jump into my arms, wrapping your legs around me. My hands move to grab your ass and hold you up, and you proceed to grind your crotch into mine. I smile at your aggressiveness as you passionately kiss me. You slowly release your legs and stand on your own, still kissing me. You break away and smile at me, as your hands grab my shirt and take it off me, leaving me topless. You trail your fingers on my chest, and bend over to kiss my nipple. You then go for my belt, slowly unbuckling it and sliding it out, wrapping it around yourself and then dropping it to the floor. You bend down to look my zipper in the eye as you unfasten my pants, tugging them down to my ankles to reveal a very large tent in my boxers. 

You giggle with glee at the sight, and then remove my socks and shoes so you can get my pants all the way off. I now stand before you in just my boxers, my dog tags, and a huge grin. You press your body against me as you rise again, making sure that I feel your breasts around my cock before you are once again standing in front of me, kissing me and removing my dog tags. You then proceed to kiss my cheek, and my neck, spending lots of time there to my great pleasure. Moving slowly downward, you kiss my shoulder, and down to my nipple. You spend a lot more time there, teasing it with your tongue and your lips, and only the faintest suggestion of your teeth. You can feel me pressing my groin against you anxiously as you smile and move to the other one. After making sure it is treated just as nicely, you take your tongue and continue tracing it down my body.

You reach my belly button and pause there to swirl your tongue around, teasing me and tickling me a little. You look up and see the expression of pleasure on my face, and know how much I am thoroughly enjoying what you are doing to me. You take the waistband of my boxers in your teeth, and pull them down, making my dick pop out and bounce against your face. We both giggle and you say how glad you are that I'm excited to see you. You fully remove my boxers, and then come back up to my waist. Smiling, you stick out your tongue and lick me from my balls all the way to the tip of my head. I moan in pleasure, and you stand up and push me back onto the bed. 

You tell me to stretch out my arms and legs, and I see the ties you have already prepared on the bed. I smile and let you attach me, and then I ask you where the blindfold is. You tell me I don't get one, that's my torture. After making sure that I can't move, you go and turn on some music. It's a song about sex, and you slowly start to sway your sexy body to the music. 

Your hands move up and down your body, accentuating its wonderful curves. You turn around and shake your sexy ass at me, running your hand along it as if I wasn't paying enough attention to it already. Your hands then move up and remove your top, still facing away from me. You glance coyly over your now-bare shoulder, and then turn around, your hands cupped over your perfect tits. You shake them up and down to the beat, not letting me fully view them. Finally you trail your fingers away slowly, teasing your now-hard nipples. Your hands slide down your hips, cocking them and striking a very erotic pose. 

You "model" for me a few more times, spinning around, until the song is almost ending and you pull down your panties, sticking your hot ass towards me, and turn around with a flourish. One hand covering your pussy, and the other tosses the sopping wet underwear perfectly onto my nose as the song ends.

I inhale deeply, loving your scent, and you know it. You saunter over towards me, moving your hips so I can't easily see the wonder between them. You come over and bend down, rubbing your tits on my chest as you kiss me. I stick my tongue in your mouth and eagerly play with yours, but you won't let it last. 

You climb up on top of me, throwing your leg over my hip as you straddle my crotch. Your dripping wet pussy lips wrap around my hard shaft, and you start rocking back and forth, smiling at me. The sight of your wonderfully bare cunt on my cock is amazing, and I thrust my hips up towards you. You reach down and take my cock, positioning it at the entrance to your hole, and look longingly at it. Then you slide forwards, looking back at me with a wicked gleam in your eyes. 

Your hands slide lovingly over your nude body, as you sit on my stomach. I can see everything you are doing, but cannot touch you. Your hands slide between your legs, and you let out a moan as you tilt your head back. I can see your fingers touching your clit, sliding between your lips, pleasuring you. You slide them in and out, and make me wish I could help you. Then you keep one hand down there, while the other hand takes your juices and smears them on your body, from your stomach to your breasts. You get some more and rub it all over your breasts, making them glisten in the light. My mouth waters at how much I want to taste them, and you know this full well. 

You grin evilly at me while you are doing this, knowing how much it torments me in the good way. Your fingers play with your nipples, pinching them and rubbing them. You stick one finger back into your pussy, slowly shoving it as deeply as you can get it, then removing it and putting it to your mouth. You open up and stick the entire finger inside, slowly drawing it out as you suck all the juices off of it. Your smile tells me how good it tastes, and I whimper in jealousy.

You can't resist for too long, as you bend over and place your tit at my mouth. Like a hungry infant I attach onto it, sucking your sweet nectar off and savaging your nipple. You enjoy it, but don't leave it for too long. You pull back, though I refuse to let go, and you enjoy it as your nipple stretches and finally pops out. You grab your breasts and heft them in your hands, remarking about how good they are. I eagerly agree. But there's something even better than them.

You crawl forward, placing your knees on either side of my head, and position your heavenly pussy above my face. I inhale deeply, being able to smell nothing but that scent I know and love so well. You reach down with your hands and pull your lips apart, allowing me to gaze deep into your recesses, and also see that wonderful little nub of yours. Keeping yourself spread wide open, you lower your hips down onto my eagerly awaiting mouth, tongue already outstretched hoping for a taste. 

You give it all to me and more, ramming your pussy onto my face, engulfing me in your heaven. My tongue explores you, my nose grinds against your clit. You writhe and wiggle in ecstasy, riding my face like you did my cock, and ensuring that I get all the right spots. Your hands, though I can't see them, are holding your breasts, earnestly toying with your nipples and making you all the more excited. Your moans become wordless expressions of animal lust, and finally you are overcome with delight. You collapse backward, your pussy on my chest, your back on my dick. 

As you come down from your high, you feel my hardness digging into you, and you decide you had better do something about it. You crawl off of me, smiling, and tell me that you're about to reward me for being so patient. You kiss each one of my nipples, sucking on them some, trace your fingertips from my lips down my chest, to my cock. You wrap your fingers around the base firmly, and start slowly jacking me off. 

Your hands twists around as it slides up and down, and you pay special attention to the underside at the base of the head. You come over the top, getting my precum on your hands, and use it to lubricate your hands. That plus what is left of your juices from you riding me makes your hands slide easily, and you keep up the pressure. As I moan and my hips start rocking more and more, you increase your speed until you are furiously pumping up and down. Finally you feel my body tense up, and with a loving glance at my face you quickly lower your mouth, engulfing my cock. 

The warm moist sensation makes me explode hard with cum, spurting strongly against the back of your throat. It comes again and again, and you have to keep swallowing to keep up. But you can't get all of it, and some leaks out the sides of your mouth. Once I am totally spent, you give my penis one last lingering kiss and bring your face up to mine. When I can open my eyes again I am looking into the love reflected in yours, and you lick your lips and get all the last of my cum into your mouth. With a quick swab you have some of your juices as well, and you lick your finger to combine the two before kissing me. We share the taste of our combined juices in a long, slow, loving kiss as you reach up to untie my arms, and then my legs so we can rest together.