 I love to make love outdoors ... not sure if you've ever done that but it's quite wonderful. And autumn in Canada is the very best season to enjoy. so I imagine ...

The air is crisp and cool, the sky that intense almost impressionist blue that only occurs in the fall. Around us, the forest is a blaze of colour – red, orange and yellows illuminate and shine, shimmering almost painfully against the deep cerulean blue of the sky.

We walk, hand in hand, crunching leaves underfoot, our breaths frosty but bundled against the cooler sweet air.

You turn, you take me and push me against the knarly, rough bark of a large oak, its great limbs bedecked with a gaudy somehow magnificent show of falling leaves. I close my eyes, just feeling as your lips meet mine and your cool hands clasp my sweatered waist. We kiss, deep, long and passionate and I feel the ache begin deep within. Against my slender hips, I feel you stirring.

Your hands fumble at my waist and slip up under my sweater to find my breasts. Your palms are cool against the warmth of the soft, swollen globes, making the nipples harden immediately. I sigh against you, leaning in and running my lips along your neck, making you shiver.

You press hard against me and now I can feel your cock like a bar across my groin. I reach down and gently but firmly run my fingers along the swollen length of your prick, pausing at the tip, to gently pull and squeeze ever so gently.

Eagerly, I unzip and with some difficulty, manage to free your rampant erection. Your stiff penis shrinks slightly in the cool air, then rallies as I run expert fingers up and down the sweet pale shaft, pulling the velvet skin up and down as your hands continue to cup and fondle my breasts.

My breath is coming faster now as my very sensitive nipples are rolled and pinched gently between your fingers. I groan and you, understanding, delicately take my nipples and squeeze them firmly, almost painfully.

I feel the connection to my womb. As you squeeze my nipples, my womb contracts and beneath my skirt a trickle of clear arousal runs from my swelling folds.

You press your painfully stiff prick against the wool of my skirt, then impatient, you release my breasts and bending down you gather the bottom of my skirt and pull it up.

I am wearing stockings underneath, flesh coloured, clasped by a white garter belt. My legs are long and muscular and curvy, thighs taut. I am wearing a thong, the skimpy silk barely covering my groin, the string gusset running between my plump lips.

You grasp me urgently between the legs, no preliminaries required or wanted. Your finger pushes aside the string of my undergarment, and burrows between the slippery smooth lips of my pussy, probing in my swollen folds then sinking up to the knuckle. I gasp and sink down on your finger. Against my groin I feel your prick jump and looking down I see a long thread of clear sticky fluid extending from the crimson tip of your prick to my skirt.

Our breaths come harsh and quick in the crisp fall air, pale puffs of lust, heating our bodies and warming our intimacy.

I spread my thighs, giving you egress to my cunt.

You pull at the folds of the full skirt with frustration, an urgency firing your blood and infecting me with a sweet lust.

I spread my thighs, your fingers probing roughly, deliciously between. Then you pull your fingers out, coated and wet with my juice. Pulling up the skirt, you grasp the base of your stiff, hard prick and push forward. I angle my hips and the spongy head of your cock probes firmly. The tip enters my tight, swollen cunt, pushing aside the deep pink folds and sinking deliciously up. 

I gasp as the I feel your cock impaling me. Although thoroughly aroused, I am still tight and you have to push a little harder to sink another inch up my sweet hole. 

I close my eyes and lean back, weak kneed against the rough bark of the tree. I feel as if your prick is holding me up. I look down and my mouth is dry. Your prick juts out obscenely from your pants, long and pale and thick. My skirt is flattened against my belly and I can see the shaven mound of my sex, the rings glinting in the tendrils of sunlight. 

Your prick disappears, a thick bar between my pale, white legs.

Your face is closed, intent, determined. You push closer, sliding that beautiful cock even deeper and making me gasp yet again. My juices are running in clear, sticky rivulets down my thighs and coating your prick. As you pull out, we both look down and watch as its long thick shape emerges, glistening from my sweet juices in the harsh sunlight. 

You moan as my rings scrape ever so lightly against the distended velvet length.

You begin to thrust then, hard and rhythmically, in and out of my secret, swollen depths, pushing your sweet hard prick up and deep, impaling me deliciously, probing and pulling, thrusting in and out, in and out, trailing liquid fire and sticky discharge along my slit, gasping each time my rings rub your cock. 

I am moaning now because each time you push in I feel your cock trail over my now distended and erect clit, hiding usually but now peaking from between the lips of my labia.

I try to thrust my hips at you, claim more of that delicious treat but our stance is awkward.

Impatiently, keeping your prick buried in me, you carefully lean down and hook my knee over your elbow. Immediately I feel the full thick length of your prick sink straight up me as your groin smacks against my spread cunt.

I hang on to your shoulders, my leg braced against your arm. My cunt is spread and open to your big thick prick, now pushing hard in and out of my red, swollen cunt. 

I can feel the tugging, insistent, from my womb, warning me that my climax is beginning. I moan, gasping louder, closing my eyes, relishing the feel of that hard cock pounding into me. Your other hand is holding my hip almost cruelly, pulling me toward you each time you thrust. I know I will have a bruise there from your fingers, my pale skin purple but I don't care. 

All I care is that your prick continues to push into me, that your sweet hard cock keeps fucking me, pounding into me.

Your breath is harsh in my ear, and I can tell that you are getting close. I reach down and am just able to scrape my nails lightly across your balls, which are tight now and pulled up close into your body. You moan and your tempo increases. 

I feel the tugging, pulling and push my cunt hard against you, so that the swollen distended clit scrapes against your hard groin .. and then it happens. I scream as my orgasm floods over me ... contractions grasp and milk that thick stem and my cunt seems to swell and tighten even more. I have a hand on your balls and suddenly, in the midst of my euphoria, feel the thrumming and know your balls are emptying and suddenly, deep inside, I feel the hot almost painful spurts as your cock erupts.

Once, twice, three times you push as deep and hard as you can, hot jets of frothy white sperm inundating my most secret passageway.

My orgasm begins to subside, my contractions less ... I feel your beautiful prick softening slightly. You slump against me, our breathing harsh and measured, as we both recover.

I feel the bark against my back, prickly and hard. Our conjoined parts are warm in the frosty air, but I feel the coolness against my belly. You pull away, your prick reluctantly pulling out, sticky and softening. A stream of warm cum trickles out, cooling rapidly and making me laugh.

Your prick, still humid and thick, droops against the blue of your jeans, a sticky tendril of cum trailing from its crimson tip. 

You pull my sweater down, cupping my breasts over the warmth of the wool and leaning close, kiss me, your mouth warm and sweet, our breaths frosty.

I reach and tenderly gather your prick in my cool palms. Falling to my knees, I take it for a moment in my warm mouth, licking it gently clean, then carefully push it back in your pants, zipping up.

Hand in hand we continue our meanderings through the vibrant woods, content and satiated.