 Having graduated with a top degree in physiotherapy, I further boosted my status with a masters in sports injuries. With such a good qualification as well as the charisma to boot, I got a job in the city, working privately to build up my finances. By the age of 27 my reputation and experience meant I was earning £45 000 a year. However, as the usual stereotype will say, money and success isn't everything. Something was missing and so I decided to pack up and make a new start. First things first, I left the city heading for a nice rural area, buying a 4 bedroom lucrative home. Apparently it was owned by a young professional footballer before being sold by his club. 

The house had all the usual high quality features, from a spacious kitchen to a decked garden, however my favourite part of my new home was the hot-tub in the converted loft. 

Despite being a dream home for me, the country road it was situated on was not all high-priced property. Again, it seemed like a nice balance of people all with different backgrounds. 

The second part of my move, and obviously a very important aspect was continuing my career. I was extremely lucky in securing an adequately sized property to host my private practise. For this rural greenbelt town, a private physiotherapy clinic with state of the art equipment sounds bizarre, but again, because of my reputation and the calibre of my patients attending, word soon spread of my arrival. 

So going back to moving in, because the move was a fresh start for me, I did not know many people, which meant I was able to settle my stuff in and arrange my home how I wanted it. I became familiar with the area, and a few of my neighbours. I gathered that to one side of me lived a friendly old couple who had been there for 40 years. To the other lived a younger couple, - Bob and Claire, and their two young children. I bumped into them a couple of times to which we made small talk. From what I gathered they seemed nice, although money seemed tight in their household and I once overhear them discussing the matter when sitting in the garden. Bob did not have a stable income, and with Claire looking after the children the onus for paying the bills was solely on Bob. About a month after moving in, I again overheard them again, this time in a more heated discussion. From what I could hear Bob had gone one too far this time, and resorted to 'a small job' and had stolen the hand bag of an old lady who had tripped in an alley way the previous night!

I was shocked merely at his lack of compassion for a helpless lady. My shock was shared by Claire's, but from their conversation it was clear just how serious there lack of money was. I tried to forget this, however, the following day I was driving home from work when I saw a marked police car parked up outside. A policeman got out of the car and knocked on the neighbours door. 

"Mr Richards?" the policeman began showing his badge as Bob opened the door, looking guilty as anything. I thought quickly and approached the two of them.

"Detective Superintendent Owens, Where were you last night between nine and ten?", he quized Bob on.

"Err… I err.." Bob stutted.

I cut in confidently, "Jon Harding, I live next door, Bob was over at mine last night, we were watching the United game, what's the problem?". 

"Oh, right, well we may have to ask you to confirm that in a statement for us", the Inspector responded, a little shocked.

"No problem, here's my card, my practise is just across the road from the police station I think." I concluded before the policeman left. Bob and I waited for the sound of the officers car driving off, before we spoke.

"Thank you so much Jon, if there's anything I can do just let me know!" Bob stated gratefully.

"Don't worry, I haven't eaten since breakfast so I need to dash, we'll speak another time." I responded as I walked over my front garden and opened the door. I had a work out in my home gym before taking a shower. I then had my tea and decided to sit on the decking in the garden as it was a really nice warm evening. Midway through my tea, Claire popped her head over the fence and asked if she could have a chat. I opened the side gate, and offered her a drink. She declined, and sat opposite me. It was only now that I began to notice that Claire was quite attractive. She had light brown hair tied up in a pony tail. She had a nice face, green eyes and a nice smile. Further south I noticed, without staring, she seemed to have quite nicely rounded breasts with a relatively smooth stomach. Considering Claire was a mother of two she had a great figure with nicely rounded hips. Essentially she had a healthy curvaceous figure. Anyway, I snapped back to reality as she began to speak.

"I just want to thank you for earlier, Bob told me what happened. I don't think there is anything you don't have, for us to offer, but we are truly grateful, and would at least like for you to come over for dinner one night this week?… That is obviously if you are not busy?" Claire said. 

"Don't worry, lets forget about earlier, dinner sounds lovely, I haven't met too many people in the neighbourhood so would be nice to get out for a change." I responded. 

"That's brilliant! Come over tomorrow!" She concluded as she got up and left with a smile. 

The following evening, I called over there around seven. We must have got our times mixed up because Claire opened the door wearing just a towel, having just jumped out the shower. I was shocked and apologised, but she assured me it was ok and invited me in. I took a seat in the living room where her children were playing, whilst Claire scampered up the stairs to get dressed. A short time passed and Claire came in, now dressed in a thin summer dress going down to her mid thigh, as well as a cooking apron, which again, hugged her sexy figure. Bob then arrived home from work, and we made small talk. 

Dinner went down well, Claire was obviously a good cook, and it was nice to have some company for a change. The kids had gone to bed, and the three of us continued to talk. By 10 o clock Bob yawned and I decided it was time to leave. We exchanged our goodbyes, Bob with a handshake and Claire with a peck of the cheek. She just smiled at me and I left, trying to keep her womanly smell in my system. 

The next few days passed uneventfully and until the weekend. The summer weather continued and I decided to mow the lawn with the new mower I had brought. Without thinking I took off my t-shirt as the heat was getting to me. I continued the lawn before setting the engine to rest. It was only then that I looked up and noticed Claire by the fence. She looked gorgeous and was obviously also feeling the weather as she only had on a bikini. It was only now that I really started to crave her, and appreciated how sexy she looked. Her breasts were bigger than I first thought, and held up quite well considering two children. She was a knock out and was smiling in my direction.

"Fancy doing our lawn as well?" She asked jokingly.

"No problem" I responded, already lifting the mower and walking to the gate.

"I was only joking! You don't have to do it!" she said slightly unsure of what to say.

"Don't be silly, it's no trouble at all, it looks like it could use a cut" I assured her, as I entered her garden, still topless as I brushed past her to get through the gate. I started mowing and within 15 minutes I was finished. The lawn looked ten times better, and Claire thanked me with a hug. Our bodies pressed up against each other, before she pulled away and handed me a cold glass of juice. 

We chatted for a bit and she complained that she was often was bored of just looking after her house. I said she was welcome to use my home gym if she wanted, and after assuring her it would be fine, I gave her a spare key to the back door and said she should use it when she liked. She asked if she could do so now, and I accepted, adding that I would also do my work out for the day. I packed the mower away and showed her to the gym room. She was amazed at it, and started on the tredmill. We both did our work outs, still with me topless, and her in a bikini and shorts. 

I noticed she was looking at me throughout, and when I reached the bicep curls, she commented on how toned I was. I smiled and said she also had a great body, to which her smile grew ever larger. 

We both finished our workouts around the same time.

"Would you like to use the hot-tub?" I asked.

"Are you serious? You have a hot-tub? That would be amazing, I think I should shower off quickly though, I'm a little sweaty" she said with a grij. 

"I also could do with a rinse before the hot-tub". I showed her the shower and said I would wait outside. 

"Don't worry, we can both fit". Claire responded with a smile. I was slightly unsure about whether we actually would, but I was not about to argue. 

"Ok, if you're sure" I responded as I set the power shower on and the steam begun to form. We both climbed in, and like I had thought, we were quite close together, what with my physique and her ample breasts. I looked at her awkwardly, to which she responded with a reassuring smile. She rinsed her hair, tilting her head back, and in doing so pushed her chest out. I could feel a stir in my trunks as my cock grew and became slightly concerned because of the size of my member. Before I could react or change my position, Claire turned round and leaned forward to reach for the shampoo. Her ass now pressed right up against my crotch, and in doing so sent my cock into overdrive. I was fully erect within a few seconds and I was absalutely certain that she could feel it. Not knowing what to do I froze, and left it up to Claire. I think she sensed this and started to grind up and down over my shaft. After a few strokes she turned and dropped to her knees as she tugged at my waste band. 

Looking up at me smiling, she pulled out my 9 inch cock and gasped at the size. However, she was clearly determined to please me as she started to lick and kiss my cock head. By this time I was quite sure of what was to come, and decided to be more assirtive. I grasped her hair and started to bop her head down on my cock and she attempted to suck. She was a great cock-sucker and I could feel my balls tense up. Claire sensed this and increased the pace of her blow-job. I pulled her head off my cock and shot load after load of hot cum on her face to which she just licked her lips and continued to smile. 

I was still hard after coming and Claire knew what I wanted. She stood up, turned her back to me and pulled her shorts down. She then reached behind and grasped my rock hard pole, as she guided it to her waiting pussy. I had have enough by this point, and decided to take control. I grabbed her round hips, and in one smooth stroke, drove my cock into her tight vagina. 

"Ahh! It's ripping me!" Claire screamed as my cock head hit the end of her vagina. I held still for a few moments to allow her to adjust to the size, before pulling out and beginning a rhymical slow hard fuck of my neighbour's pussy. 

"Hmm I feel so full. I've never had a dick so deep in me before, fuck me, fuck me", Claire moaned. 

"Yer you fucking love it don't you! You love my cock pounding you don't ya", I responded. 

"Oh yes, I do, fuck me, fuck your bitch hard, pound my cunt!" she countered. This really got me going, and I picked up the pace, thrusting deeper into new territory. I felt her start to wobble as an orgasm hit, so I drove into her, jamming her against the shower wall as I continued my assault. 

"Oh shit! I'm going to cum, ahhh… fuck me, cum with me!" she screamed. With this encouragement I stepped my pace up to top gear as I plunged in and out as my balls tightened. I grabbed her hips and forced my cock deep into her pussy as I shot stream after stream of fiery sperm into her fertile womb. 

I pulled out of her and let her down as she sank to the floor of the shower. I regained my composure, rinsed myself off and left the shower to sit in the hot-tub. Claire appeared about 10 minutes later, looking quite flushed. She had put her shorts back on and headed for the door.

"I'm sorry, I need to go" she claimed quietly and swiftly left without me able to even say bye. I didn't see Claire for the next week or so, I gathered she felt awkward about the situation and what had happened, however, I was sure that it would not be long before I would be fucking her again. About two weeks after I had sex with Claire, I passed by Bob as I was returning home from work.

"Jon! How are you doing mate, I was wondering, if you don't have any plans of course, would you like to come over for dinner again tonight?" Bob said enthusiastically.

"That's very kind of you Bob, I wouldn't want to impose on you and Claire though" I responded.

"Don't be silly, Claire won't mind, it would be nice to hang out, would be nice to get to know you a bit", Bob assured me. After hearing this I agreed, and said I would be round in about an hour.

I showered, and picked a bottle of wine out from the cupboard and headed next door. Bob answered the door, and invited me into the kitchen where Claire was. 

"Nice to see you Claire, the food smells delicious!" I said with a grin looking at her cleavage. 

"Thank you Jon, it will be ready in about 10 minutes", she replied, as Bob announced he was going to get changed. He left, and Claire began to try and explain.

"Look Jon, I'm sorry about what happened, I got lost in the moment and I", I cut her off with a kiss, as I pinned her against the kitchen work surface. I could feel her giving in and I knew I would be fucking this woman as soon as I could get her limp dick husband out the way. Thinking of the devil, I heard Bob come down the stairs so I broke our embrace and acted normally as he entered the kitchen. 

We sat down to eat with Claire opposite me, I kept staring at her ample cleavage and occasionally stroked my leg up hers under the table. All of this oblivious to Bob. We chatted about various things, about our interests and about recent funny things. 

"Do you ever go to any United games Bob?" I asked knowing what was to come.

"No not really, the ticket prices are so much now we just can't afford it" he replied. 

"Well I tell you what, I have a season ticket, but cannot go to the game tomorrow night, I have a high-profile footballer needing extra treatment, so have to miss the game. I think you should go, you will love it, the seat is brilliant!" I explained to his delight. 

"Jesus, that would be amazing Jon! I really would love that!" Bob answered. 

Unbeknown to Bob, or Claire, I didn't really have a patient to treat the following evening. I waited until I knew Bob would be on his way to the game before driving home. I arrived about 6'o. clock, and went straight to Claire's house. She opened the door in a dressing gown and looking very surprised.

"What the hell are you doing here?!" she exclaimed, but again, I ignored her pleas walked straight in, up the stairs and found the 'master' bedroom. She followed me up, and continued her protests.

"The kids are downstairs watching television, you have to leave now!" Claire exclaimed. I wasn't having any of it and kissed her full on. Once again her defence soon weakened and she began to respond to my embrace. I was in charge this time, and I immediately removed her dressing gown. She was naked underneath and looking shagadelic! I wasn't wasting any time, I grabbed her head and pulled her down to my erect cock. I quickly unbuckled my trousers and boxers and released my monster penis, which I thrust straight into her mouth. She gagged at first but soon got to grips with her job. After a couple of minutes I pulled her head off my prick and lay on Bob and her bed. Claire knew what was happening and came and sat on my pole. 

"That's right, ride my big dick, you fucking love this. Fucking me on Bob's bed, whilst your kids are just downstairs! You love it don't you!" I growled confidently as I squeezed her big tits.

"I do love it, I tried to fight it but I just need your prick. Everything about you is the best, I need a part of you inside me, and I can't just have Bob's limp dick hopelessly trying to please me! I need your monster, now fuck your bitch!" Claire whispered, looking straight down into my eyes as she rode me like a horse. She really started to bounce up and down on my prick as it invaded her deepest parts of her vagina. Her tits were really bouncing now as her ass slapped down on my hard cock. After about ten minutes of her riding my knob, I spun her onto the bed and entered her in one hard stroke. Again she let out a low moan as I filled her cunt with my pole. I scooped her legs over my shoulders to really give me good access for my assault on her. 

After numerous orgasms for her, my balls tightened and I thrust into her for the last time. Buried deep in her womb I once again shot my massive load of cum into her craving pussy.

"Oh God that was so good! I've never ever felt so full in my life. I can't not have your dick in me. I love it!" Claire sighed as she calmed down from her climaxing orgasm. 

"Damn right you love it, from now on, I will fuck you when I want, and you will beg for it. You are my bitch now, and will do what I want you to." I boasted.

"I will, I will do what you want, you can take me when you want, and fuck me how you like." She responded as she kissed down my chest…