 Note:

In chapter one, which can be found at the link below, Sam, Emily and Mary meet for the first time on the morning of the Toronto Island Triathlon. They compete in the team triathlon together, and then wander across the island in the sunshine.

 https://www.literotica.com/stories/memberpage.php?uid=2303963&page=submissions



Chapter 2:

 On the Wednesday following the race, having discovered that we both worked in the financial district, Mary and I decided to meet for lunch at the Pasture. The Pasture is a parkette beneath the TD Centre – a small but relaxing stretch of green grass amidst the office towers, with several life-sized sculptures of cows lying in the grass, exuding a surprising amount of calm around them. I was sitting cross-legged in the grass, watching the waves of financial drones circle the parkette, when Mary separated herself from the crowds and began walking across the grass towards me. It was so different seeing her in work attire. At the race she'd been wearing that skort and athletic top, and now, she was wearing a black dress and jacket ensemble, a black top underneath. I stood up when she got close, and instead of a handshake, she stepped into me and gave me a warm, full, hug.

 "I want to know everything about Sunday," she said, stepping back slightly and looking brightly up into my eyes. "Absolutely everything."

 I laughed, and then somewhat regretfully, let my hands slip from the waist of this 40-something woman. "You do, do you?" I said. "I take it you mean what happened between me and Emily after the race?"

 She took her jacket off, revealing her bare arms, and we sat down together in the grass, Mary curling her legs beneath and to the side of her. "Oh God," she sighed, "that picture Emily texted me, of you two in bed... you looked so amazing... I was so envious!"

 "Well, it wasn't too long after we finished that we started talking about you."

 "You talked about me!"

 "Of course."

 "What'd you say?"

 I took a bite of my granola bar, and drank down a swig of water. Although I'd found Mary's motherly exuberance, and all the picture taking, a bit strange on Sunday at the triathlon, I was definitely attracted to her. She was probably close to 20 years older than me, in her late 40s compared to my 28, with Emily the youngest of us at ... well... actually I wasn't sure. Emily was in university and probably around 23. We'd been kind of a "blind date" group of athletes meeting for the team relay version of the Toronto Island Triathlon. Mary, the runner, had had her cyclist and swimmer cancel on her, which led to web postings that Emily and I had answered – Emily being the swimmer and me the cyclist. With her swimmer's body and her youth, Emily just exuded a radiant sexuality that I had been fortunate enough to dive into after the race. But Mary had a definite and perhaps more admirable sexuality about her as well. Her blond hair falling to her shoulders, the ever so slight plumpness to her cheeks, her full breasts, her athletic but neither trim nor muscular legs and ass... it was just hot. She was just hot. And though I'd never really lusted after an older woman before, I definitely felt a stirring for Mary.

 I looked at Mary nibbling on some trail mix, thinking both of all the massaging the three of us had engaged in on the island after the race, and the thoughts that had been running through my brain and Emily's at my apartment. "Well Mary, to be honest, we were wondering what it would have been like if you had been there as well."

 Mary seemingly both blushed, and breathed a sigh of contentment. And – for the first time since I'd known her – she seemed to be at a loss for words. "Mary," I said softly, "it wasn't just Emily and me. There was something happening between all three of us on Sunday."

 Mary took a sip of diet coke, and then brushed her fingertips across her lips, looking around the parkette before looking back at me. "At the race," she said quietly, almost as though hushing a secret to me, "when Emily was putting on her wetsuit, Oh my god, I so wanted to touch her."

 "You were touching her."

 "No, Sam. I wanted to run my hand down her tummy in that wetsuit, and slide it between her legs, and stroke her there over and over."

 "You're bi, Mary?"

 She shook her head lightly, somewhat uncertainly. "I've never been with a woman. Never kissed a woman."

 "Emily is bi," I said. "And I'm pretty sure, what you just described, Emily would be very happy to have that happen sometime."

 Mary's eyes widened slightly, a pleased but embarrassed blush flickering across her cheeks. "Oh God," she said, looking away, at the never-ending swirl of people walking on the sidewalks beneath the office towers, around the parkette that we were sitting in.

 I pulled my mobile from my pocket and texted Emily. She replied immediately, and in a few seconds I had her on speaker phone. "Mary," Emily cooed over the phone, "how are you?"

 "I'm so good," Mary answered, looking into my eyes as I held the phone in the air between us. "Sam and I are having such a nice lunch."

 "I wish I was there."

 "I wish you were too."

 "So Sam said there was something you wanted to do on Sunday, but you held back."

 "Oh God," Mary laughed. "Sam, you texted her what I just said?!"

 "It's okay Mary, ask me."

 "NO!!!!"

 "It's okay. Go ahead."

 Mary looked at me for a few seconds. "One second," she said. She fished in the pocket of her jacket and took out a pair of earbuds. She plugged them into my phone, put the buds in her ears, and then whispered into the phone "I wanted to touch you, when you were wearing your wetsuit, when you were getting it on and we were helping you. Oh God Emily, I wanted to touch you."

 I could no longer hear Emily's side of the conversation. I sat there in the grass, looking at Mary, and then looking away and people watching. I finished my granola bar and took a bite of my apple. Mary's side of the conversation was hot all by itself. Phrases like "Oh god so much"; "yes I do"; "yes the both of you"; "mmmmmmm...." were escaping her lips. It wasn't too hard to guess what Emily was saying on the other end of the line.

 Finally Mary said "Okay I'll put him back on," and pulled the earbuds from her ears. She handed the phone back to me.

 "What's up Em?" I asked.

 "I want to come over tonight."

 "That would be amazing."

 "I want Mary to come over as well."

 I looked at Mary, but she was already shaking her head. "I can't," she said, both to me and to Emily. "Divorced mom with kids at home. And my 12 year old has piano tonight. It's too hard to get away on weeknights."

 "Shit," Emily sighed over the phone.

 "Well," I said, thinking, "what time do they go to bed? What time do you get some alone time?"

 "Maybe 9:00, 9:30pm? But I still can't go anywhere."

 "No, but we could FaceTime or Skype or something. You could join some of the fun."

 Mary's jaw began to drop open. "Oh my God," she moaned, beginning to smile. "That would be so naughty."

 *

 When I got home around 7:00pm, Emily was on the steps, waiting for me. She stood up as I reached the bottom of the 8 or 9 stairs that led up to my front door. She was wearing tight black leggings and a loose light brown blouse that hung down to her hips, the sleeves ending at her forearms. A U shaped cut in the blouse stretched down to her breasts, making me want to tilt her head back and kiss her there as I looked up at her from the sidewalk. Emily's long brown hair flowed down past her shoulders. She looked so elegant. Four days. I'd only known her for four days, and this was only the second time I was seeing her in person, but good God, something was humming and throbbing inside me. "Em," I said, looking up at her. She smiled down at me. It was a summer evening, and a beautiful girl was waiting for me on my doorstep. I wonder if cartoon bluebirds were circling around my head. 

 We ate. Not much of a cook, and pretty swamped at work, it hadn't crossed my mind to bring anything home, so we ate what I had, which was pasta with butter and mushrooms. We talked about her university classes, the swimming team. She asked about my work and I tried to explain what it's like to be an extremely highly educated flunky to a mutual fund manager during a recession.

 We slow-danced. Or something like it.

 We made a quick playlist in iTunes on my laptop, and Emily held my hand and pulled me to a patch of clear space in my living room. As my hands went to her hips, she brushed them back down to my sides, and whispered "no touching with your hands."

 She pressed herself flush against me, her hands hovering a hair's breadth above my arms, running her hands up and down from shoulders to wrists, brushing through the waves of desire that were probably radiating off of my body. I moved my lips to her ear, and then nuzzled my face into her long freshly washed hair, down into the crook of her shoulder, kissing her there through the fabric of her top. She was so graceful. We moved our feet, turning in slow circles to songs like "Tupelo Honey" and "I'm Still in Love With You." Eventually I linked my pinky fingers together behind my back to resist the urge to fill my hands with her body, to crush her against my chest. The teasing brushes of her clothed body against mine was devastating.

 "When do we get to use our hands?" I whispered.

 She smiled and leaned in and kissed my lips. "You can use your hands now," she said. "But only to undress yourself while I watch."

 Jesus. This woman. How does a 20 something university student get this sexy?

 As Emily remained nearly pressed against me, swaying her hips and body to the music floating from my laptop, I fully undid the tie that I'd only loosened earlier. I reached out and wrapped it once, twice, around her neck. She lifted one of the dangling ends and bit it between her teeth, twirling the other end in her hand. I undid the buttons of my shirt, watching Emily sway before me, against me. She let her chest brush against the backs of my fingers as they descended down the line of my buttons. As I pulled the shirt fully from my body, I could feel the material of her blouse stroking against the hair on my chest.

 As I began to undo my belt, Emily turned, facing away from me, but backing her ass up towards me. Wrapped tight in her black leggings, her ass brushed against my fingers, and against my now painfully swollen cock, as I undid the button of my pants, the zipper, and let my slacks slide down my legs to the floor. My pants gone, but still clothed in a pair of red briefs, Emily ground her ass against my cock, leaning forward slightly, away from me, pushing her ass deeply into me.

 "Emily," I whispered.

 She smiled over her shoulder, then straightened and spun away from me. She tapped her phone to glance at the time. "It's almost 9:00pm," she said. "Should we try Mary?"

 Some texts flew back and forth between Emily and Mary. Emily moved my laptop to my kitchen table, then played with the angle of the monitor, and then I logged into Skype and we called Mary, who answered almost immediately.

 "Hi," she said, her face large on the screen. "I wish I could be there!"

 "Oh, soon enough," Emily said. "We'll get there."

 "It looks like Sam is undressed? How did that happen?"

 "We were dancing," Emily purred. She turned towards me, and ran her finger from my bare neck down my chest to the waistline of my red briefs.

 "Can I see?"

 "Yes," I answered, "but," and I smiled at Emily, "I think it's Emily's turn now to do some disrobing."

 Emily stepped forward and pressed her lips to mine, her tongue sliding so slightly inside my mouth. I kissed her, and then moved her to a spot more directly in front of the camera on my laptop. With Emily facing the laptop, and me standing tight behind her, I breathed hot on her ear, on her neck, as she stroked her hands over her breasts down to her waist, where she gripped handfuls of her blouse and pulled it up off her body, leaving her in an off-white bra, and those tight black leggings.

 On Skype, Mary moaned. Emily stepped toward the laptop and leaned forward onto the kitchen table, giving the camera a long look at her bra and still concealed breasts. "And what are you wearing over there Mary?" Emily asked.

 Mary pushed her chair back from her desk, the close-up that we'd had of her face panning back to a view of her upper body. She was wearing a loose TShirt, her blonde hair falling about her shoulders. "Oh my God, I'm so nervous," she laughed. She seemed to take a deep breath, and then she removed her TShirt, revealing a sheer, see through violet or purple bra, the material of which didn't even try to conceal her large, firm breasts. She stood up and disappeared from view for a second, and when she returned, we had a view of her standing and putting on a sheer whisper of a robe that hung softly down her sides. Down below, sheer panties, the same violet colour of her bra and robe.

 "Mary, you're so beautiful," Emily whispered. Mary laughed, obviously still nervous. "Mary, I want you to do something for me."

 "Yes."

 I want you to lift your hands up to your breasts, and delicately, so delicately, cup your breasts from beneath, and then stroke your hands in small circles, softly, your palms on your nipples, caressing but not squeezing, teasing yourself."

 Mary sat in her chair again, moved closer to the camera, and then did as Emily asked, her hands circling slowly and softly at the front of her gorgeous breasts. As I watched, and as I stood just behind and to the side of Emily, who was still leaning forward onto the table, my hand went to her ass, and I caressed her deeply, digging my fingers into her ass cheeks through the material of her black leggings. On the computer screen, as I pushed the edge of my hand into the crack of Emily's ass and caressed up and down, Mary's face softened into a purring bliss as she ran her palms lightly over the material of that sheer nothingness of a bra. Waves of lust washed over her face, making her close her eyes. I put my hand between Emily's legs, causing her to part them for me, and then I began to massage her pussy deeply as we watched Mary. Mary's attention seemed to be locked on Emily's face, seeing the lust she was feeling mirrored on the face of the young woman standing with me in my apartment.

 "Sam," Mary hushed, "step up tight behind her, put your hands on her shoulders, and grind your cock against her ass."

 "Yes," Emily moaned, "yes Sam."

 I was still wearing my red briefs, and Emily her black tights. I stepped a bit to the side and put my hands on Emily's hips, then ran them up her bare sides, over her bra, to her shoulders. As I pressed my painfully throbbing cock against her ass, I dug my fingers into the muscles of her neck, massaging her deeply, almost painfully. I felt the blood surging and raging in my cock as I ground it in hard circles against Emily's gorgeous ass, feeling her push back against me, moaning as she did, her moans sending Mary deeper into hazy desire on the other side of the screen.

 Mary adjusted her own camera, and then leaned back in her chair. She was so gorgeous in that ensemble of sheer robe and bra and panties. The desire on her flushed cheeks, her insanely gorgeous breasts, her modest swell of a tummy. As I swayed into Emily I watched Mary reach her right hand down between her legs, massaging herself through those panties, her hand pressing deeply as her left hand cupped her left breast hard now, her fingers digging deep into her flesh.

 I touched my fingertips to Emily's bra where it fastened at her back. I undid one hook, then the other, and her bra slid open until it was only held by the straps hanging precariously on her shoulder blades. Emily put her right arm across her bra, holding it to her chest, and then straightened up from the table. Adjusting the laptop monitor to make sure that Mary could see, Emily let the straps of the bra slide down her arms, revealing her small firm breasts. She cupped them in her hands, stroked them, staring at Mary on the computer screen.

 "Do you like them, Mary?" Emily asked.

 "Oh, Emily," Mary sighed, her fingers beneath her panties now, her breasts heaving as she brought herself to arousal with the touch of her fingertips on her clitoris.

 I slid my hands up Emily's stomach, and covered her hands with mine, the two of us cupping her small breasts. I kissed her neck, smelled her hair, pressed myself hard against her. She moved her hands, letting my left hand sit on her left breast, and then cupping her left hand on top of mine. With her right hand, she reached up and back, cupping my cheek, and pulling my face towards hers as she turned back to me. We kissed, hungry, and wet, our tongues in each other's mouths, moaning together, desperate to taste each other. 

 "Emily," Mary said, her voice thick, husky. "Emily, suck him. I want to see you suck him."

 Emily twisted in my arms, coming face to face with me. I reached down and cupped her ass in my hands as I pulled her against me, kissing her, driving my tongue wet and deep into her mouth. She broke our kiss and slid her open mouth down my chin, my neck, to my chest, where she kissed me hungrily and wet. She kissed and licked her way down to my tummy, lowering self down to a crouch, and then down onto one knee, and then both knees. Emily leaned her face in, and licked her tongue on the material of my briefs, along the long swollen bulge of my cock. She opened her lips and licked the pool of precum that was growing steadily as my need for Emily increased. She licked the wet spot, lovingly, fawningly, then opened her mouth and sucked the material of my briefs between her lips, drinking in the taste of my cum.

 I found myself stroking the fingers of my right hand down through her long brown hair as she knelt below me. My left hand rested on her right shoulder, and I watched Mary on the screen as Emily's fingers snuck into waistline of my briefs and began pulling them down. Mary moaned, watching us, and then she stood up suddenly and whipped those sheer panties from her legs, and reached for something out of sight. When she hurriedly sat back down in her chair again, a thick, heavy looking dildo was buried inside her pussy, and she was fisting it deep and hard as she watched my cock finally escape my briefs, and Emily's wet, dripping mouth sink hungrily down my shaft.

 I almost fainted. The sight and feel of Emily at my feet, her mouth sinking wet up and down my swollen cock, sent a rolling earthquake through my muscles, and I had to adjust my footing and clutch Emily's shoulder to stop from falling down. I swayed into her, driving my cock into her throat as she thrust her mouth down onto my shaft. My hands went to her cheeks, holding her face as I urged my hips forward faster, and faster, the blood in my cock thundering, swollen, needing Emily, needing her, and finally, as my eyes went from the computer screen, where Mary was driving herself towards orgasm, to Emily's head bobbing beautifully up and down on my cock, I exploded.

 I clutched Emily's face hard in my hands and thrust my cock deep into her mouth as the first torrent of sticky cum burst from me. She sucked it down, her cheeks hollowing, her hands on the backs of my legs, drinking my cum as I came over and over again. When she finally let my cock slide from her mouth, she smiled up at me, licking her lips slightly, and then stood up, pressing herself into me, and pressing her lips to mine. I took her ass in my hands and pulled her against me as she slid her tongue deep into my mouth and I sucked my cum from her mouth and tongue and lips, kissing her hard, kissing her as she lifted her right leg to hook it slightly onto my hip, joining herself to me.

 *

 "When you're with us," Emily purred, "you'll be on your back, lying down beneath me, your legs spread, as I lean in and slide my tongue deep inside your pussy."
