 To recap, Torrie & I met several months ago at a Casino. We hit it off. Not quite immediately, but everything fell into place. I think a lot of guys hit on her because she had a lot of money. She's also married. The first time we met, we did a short sexual encounter and a few months went by. She contacted me and we met at the same Casino. We have a weekend all to ourselves. 

The first day, we didn't get out of our room. To put it bluntly, we had sex!

That night we went back to the Casino where it happened. We had fun and didn't win as much money as we won that first time. 

Torrie won $4,500, which we said we'd cash into $20 bills, spread it over the bed and make love. One the way back to the room, Torrie said she wanted to see me masturbate and shoot cum on her chest and she wanted to try the 69 position!

In the elevator on the way to our room, we kissed and acted like teenagers.

She partially unbuttoned her blouse, placing my hand over her breast. Her breasts were warm to the touch, even thou she was wearing a lacey bra. I spread an open hand over her nipple and closed my fingers gently around it. 

"ohhhhhhh! More! Ohhh God! I'm so wet!" She whispered and kissed me again. 

"God, Torrie! You turn me on."

I told her that we were almost there. I also didn't know where all the cameras were, possibly spying on us. Our lust and energy filled the elevator. Caressing her breasts, one slipped out of her bra. "Please. More!" The elevator stopped and we quickly went to our room. Sliding the key card, we nearly fell in the room. 

Torrie backed against a wall between the bathroom and the bedroom, leading me with her. I slipped the shirt off her shoulders and it fell to the floor. She unbuttoned my shirt and removed it. Torries' lace bra had these cutouts in the cup and when we were in the elevator, a breast rolled out. When she undid and removed my pants, her other breast & nipple rolled to the other cutout. I removed her slacks. 

Damn! She looked hot! Standing there! She was the greatest temptation I've ever had before me. 

"I want you! I want you to cum for me!" she said

I removed my boxers and held my cock with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. Looking at her, with her pink nipples sticking out, inviting me. That got me as hard as I thought I could get. I closed my eyes, bent at the knees and started to masturbate for her. Trust me, it didn't take long. I opened my eyes again and saw her thong was wet with her juices. First one hard spurt! Then I picked up my cock, aimed it higher and more landed on her chest. 

Dipping a finger in and licking it "yum! Now I want you to eat me!" Torrie said as she reached out and held my cock with both hands.

I removed her bra, her full firm breasts falling out, begging for my attention.

As I reached down, touching her pussy thru her thong, and then running a hand over her firm ass, I pulled the ties on her wet thong and it fell to the ground. She arched her back so as I raised my head, I couldn't avoid her inviting breasts. "Take my nipple in your mouth, Babe. "

I didn't have to be told twice. I spent a lot of time softly kissing and sucking on her breasts. "Mmmmmmm" First I was tweaking and caressing her breasts with my hands, I switched to tweaking her nipples with both my lips and tongue. Torries shuddered! I took one nipple in my mouth and sucked on it on a piece of candy. "ohhhhh my god!" She reached the point of no return. 

I then slowly went down her body with a finger... still paying close attention to her breasts. " Your breasts are so beautiful, Babe" Just about when I was touching her clit and about to enter her pussy with a curled finger, I could feel her shudder and cum. 

"ohhh shit! Ohh god! ohh god!" Her juices spurted on my hand and down her thighs. Lifting a hand to her mouth, we both licked my fingers clean and kissed and caressed. 

While still panting, she was stroking me, keeping me hard. "Mmmmm you have a nice cock. Do you like that? The way I touch you?" 

"ahhhhhhhh. Yes! Yes I do" returning my attention to her breasts 

Cupping my balls "How's that feel now?" While still stroking me. She spread her legs a little to allow me access to her.

"ahhhhhhhh. It feels great!" I could smell her sweet nectar. As I started to knell down, she moved her hands from my cock to her nipples. I looked up for a second; she was running her hands over & squeezing them. I slowly licked her clit and outer lips. 

I wanted to devour her! Consume her! "ommffff. Mamma." Our breathing became heavier. As I continued my assault, Torrie pushed her mound out. 

I kissed her slowly up & down her thighs, then teasing her clit! "ohhhh fuck." My tongue went deeper into her pussy."ohhhhhhhh my god!" I kept up the pace. I raised a hand to cup her ass and inserted a finger between her ass cheeks. Her body shook "OOOOHHHHHHH fuck! I'm fuccccking cu cu cumming" was all she could manage to say. She stiffened for a second, her chest rose and then she shook again. She kept my head between her legs. 

I wanted her pleasure to be intoxicating! Although we only had the weekend, I wanted to lick and eat her in as many positions as we could. "Ba ba babe? I am so wet right now. Could we sit in the shower like last time? I want you to tip fuck me!" I told her I just wanted to give her as much pleasure as she desired. 

I stood up. "Ohhhh Babe. I love the way you use your cock. You're bigger then my husband. I can't wait to feel it inside of me, again." Holding and stroking me again, she led me to the shower.

I sat down on a ledge in the shower. Torrie spreading her legs and pussy slowly took my erect cock in an inch or two. As she raised & lowered herself on my erect cock, I put an arm around her resting on a breast. Another hand on her hips. Stroking slowly in and out of her pussy, she moaned loudly " ohhhhhh ohhhhh fuck. This feels soooooo good" It didn't take long for her to cum several times, spilling out on both of us. "Oooooooh Babe, I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

In our lovemaking, and after she came, Torrie came down on my cock! Unexpected! "Oh my god! Fuck!" She squealed as I entered her hard & fast.

Before I knew it, I came as well. We hugged, laughed, kissed. 

She got up first and we showered together, washing our bodies. Drying under a heat lamp and towels, we collapsed into bed, naked, side-by-side. 

Here I am, in bed with a beautiful woman! We're both naked! We made love several times! My mind is spinning! Why me? 

Torrie explained to me that she married a man older then herself. He had lots of money. She also didn't get all the love and attention that she would have gotten with a younger man. Her sex life was almost dead in the water. 

I was right! Lots of men hit on her because they knew she had money. She confided that she wasn't a virgin. She never did learn how to perform oral nor did her husband perform oral on her. Torrie also confided she didn't have much variety in lovemaking at all. 

We went to sleep, naked under the covers! Side by side. My arm around her. Her breasts against my chest. We snuggled. She told me between kisses that she was never with another man except her husband. "Thank you for being so thoughtful. So tender." Our legs against each other. 

A few hours after we went to sleep, she turned and I woke finding my cock between her ass cheeks. I had an arm around her; I felt a nipple harden under my touch. She stirred and moaned. My arm went from her breasts down to her vagina. Her legs parted as I touched her lips. Her ass pushed back against me as she did that. I felt a little moisture as I slid one finger in. Then another finger as I began to stroke her. I withdrew my fingers and paid attention to her clit. "ohhhhhh ohhhhhhhhh god!" She was getting aroused as I continued it. I pushed against her ass and my other arm went around her and pinched her nipples. "ohhhhh fuck! Ommmmmfffff" she shuddered against me. 

She rolled over facing me and wanted to try oral on me. We kissed some more. I took her hand down to stroke my cock. I had my hand over hers to show her how to hold and stroke me slowly. I then drew my hand back to her breasts. I tell her eye contact is very important. That she should gently stroke the whole cock, to get me as hard as she can. It also helps to say to the guy, how much you want him! To taste him! The next thing is to to lick the entire cock. Lots of saliva! Also lick the head. It's the most sensitive part, just like the clit is sensitive. The next step is to suck on the head! Swirl your tongue around it! Bob up & down! 

She moved down my chest and started to stroke me! Softly, following my directions, she took my erection and started licking. "Mmmmmm" Then she tenderly and slowly took me in her mouth. After a few seconds, she started to suck. When she got it down, her lips went further down on my cock. I told her them to circle my cock at the base and go up & down. 

I was pretty close to coming. She was sucking harder and stroking me.

"I'm cumming Babe! I'm about to cum" and like a pro, she didn't stop.

She sucked harder. I came hard but she couldn't take the amount. She choked some but promised to practice. After my last spurt, she sucked me some more. She lifted her head up, slid her body up my chest "Thank YOU so much Babe for explaining it all to me. I have a reward for you."

She sat up and straddled me, her pussy in my face. She leaned over holding the headboard. "Ohhhh Babe. I love what you do to me. Eat me now! Eat me till I collapse" 

Looking up at her pussy, her swollen lips. Taking in her scents and the colors from pink to red. I used two fingers to park the outer folds; I didn't want this to end. My tongue probed and brought her clit out while I licked.

"Eat me. Goddamn it!" Each lick brought a squeal or a moan from her.

Torrie threw her "ohhhhhh" head back as I lingered. I found a spot and she shuddered! "Fuck! Yes!" I licked and sucked. Her hips her trembling. My face was wet with her juices and my cock was fully erect with pre-cum on the tip when she came "Ohh fuck! Ohh fuck!". 

She collapsed next to me, we were both exhausted. Her hand wandered across my chest and she came across my erection. Even thou we were both tired; she told me that she wanted to relieve & pleasure me. Without missing a beat, Torrie turned over, rested her head on a pillow and presented her beautiful ass to me "Fuck Me babe! "

First I positioned my erection resting on her cheeks. I ran my hands around her back, and then reached around to cup both her breasts. "ohhhh babe"

After massaging them, I Took hold of my erection and slowly entered her wet pussy. Slow at first. Then Torrie pushed back "I want to feel you deep inside of me!" I withdrew slightly, and then entered her again. She pushed back!

"Ohhh God! Fuck m m me harder!" She cupped her breast & pinched a nipple as every thrust of mine meets hers. I slapped her ass then hold her hips as we fuck. I've never felt harder and more ready to cum. One more thrust and I explode deep inside of her. Wave after wave! I withdraw and cum over her ass & back. She flips around on her back as we kiss and meet. We're both whipped.

As we awake several hours later and clean up, we kiss many times before we say goodbye. 

Torrie and I make promises to keep in touch. "I don't know when and if we can do this again." She tells me.

Holding her there, in my arms, it's hard to part. We both agreed that our time together was amazing. We would keep in touch and meet again.

We exit the Casino into the cold air and to our waiting cars.

We hug once more, whisper our goodbyes and drive back to our homes.