 As I pull up to the front of your house, I park my car and make to get out. As I approach your front door, you open it, as you were waiting for my arrival. You welcome me with a kiss and allow me to come inside. After closing the door behind me, you follow me into your living room. You come up behind me and help me take my coat off. You drop it off to the side of you and then turn me to face you.

You then ask me if I'm ready to submit to you. I blush a little and gently nod my head. You take my hand and lead me to your bedroom. You open the door and the room is filled with candlelight. Your bed is covered in deep, red rose petals and the scent of them fills the room. You pull me towards the bed and kiss me deeply. Your hands come up on my hips and you pull me in closer. I start to move my hands up and into your hair when you break our kiss. You tell me I'm not allowed to do anything I'm not told to do. I put my hands back down at my sides as you kiss me once more quickly.

You sit me down on the bed and look into my eyes. You then lay out the rules for the evening. First, as already stated, I am not allowed to do anything you don't specifically tell me to do, including reach orgasm. Second, I must willingly submit to anything you request. And finally, I must not speak unless asked to do so. You stand up before me and look down into my eyes again. I'm a little nervous as I've never allowed someone complete control over me.

You tell me to strip for you, that you are going to sit in the chair on the other side of the room and I am to give you a show. You walk over to the chair as I try and determine how best to begin. I'm startled out of my slight dreamy state by your voice firmly stating "STRIP NOW". 

I get up off the bed and start undoing the buttons on the front of my black button up shirt. I walk towards you sitting in the chair, swaying my hips as I move. My shirt is completely unbuttoned by the time I reach you in the chair. I pull one sleeve over my shoulder and lean close to you as I slip it down along my arm.

I turn my back to you and begin sliding down my other sleeve until my shirt hangs from my elbows around the middle of my back. I peek at you over my shoulder and slowly slide my shirt down and let it fall to the floor. I walk towards you and straddle you on the chair. I grind my hips against you as I slip a finger under one of my bra straps and slide it down over my shoulder. I can feel your hardness beneath me as I grind into it.

I stand up a little and press my breasts into your face as I start undoing my bra. Once its unhooked, I move my hands to my breasts and hold my bra in place. I play with my nipples through the material, an inch from your face. I then pull my bra away, exposing my breasts for your viewing pleasure. I'm standing over your lap as I start to undo my pants. I slowly unbutton, then unzip and slide my hand into the new opening.

I watch your eyes watching me as I rub along my panty-covered pussy. I slip the other hand inside my pants and turn away from you. I then bend over and again looking over my shoulder at you start sliding my pants down to my ankles. I step out of my pants and am left in only my thong. I turn around and again walk towards you. When I get to you sitting in the chair, I turn around and start rubbing my ass against your crotch. I tease your cock with my ass as I grind it against you. I lean back and you bring your hands up to my breasts, pinching my nipples hard.

I grind a litle more against you and then stand up. I put one leg over your shoulder, my pussy right in your face and again start to thrust towards you, sliding a hand down the front of my thong. I then remove my leg and hook a finger into my thong on either side of my hips. I slide my thong down along my legs, bending over as I get to my ankles. I again step out and then slingshot my thong at you. I move towards you and straddle you again, pressing my pussy against your pants and my breasts into your face.

After a moment or so of this, you tell me I've done well and I have pleased you, but now its time for the next part of the evening. You lift me off your lap and take me to the bed again. You tell me to lie down on my back and spread my arms and legs as far out as they will go. Once I have done this, you start attaching cuffs to each wrist and ankle and tightly bind them down. I struggle a little against them and realize I am unable to move.

You then take a long, silky scarf out and tell me to lift my head. I do as you ask and you take care as you tie it around my eyes. You tell me to put my head back down so as not to strain my neck. Again, I do as you ask and attempt to listen to what might happen next. I hear you walking around the bed and then your footsteps stop. I hear nothing for a few moments and then I hear a tinkling sound. 

A moment later I feel your weight on the bed next to me and you slide something inside my wet pussy. You then wrap something around each of my thighs and attach them to the object. You then turn on what can only be a vibrator to a medium setting. I can feel the vibrations coursing through me as my excitement increases. Then suddenly I feel a sharp pain on my right nipple as your teeth sink in. I gasp a little and feel a sharp slap on my thigh. You tell me that is my punishment for making a sound without being told.

You resume gnawing on my nipple and then move to the other. They are both now sore and throbbing from your feast on them. The vibration between my legs is bringing me such pleasure, yet the pain is keeping my orgasm at bay. You move your mouth away and start running your nails along the length of my body. I can feel the marks they leave as you trail them along. I pull in my breath quick through my teeth and again receive another hard slap on my thigh.

The weight shifts on the bed and again I can hear you moving around. You tell me that you are now simply going to punish me for your own pleasure. I have done nothing wrong, however punishing me will please you greatly. A moment after your words I feel a hard slap along both thighs. This action is repeated again and again as you slap my thighs with what feels like a flat piece of leather, perhaps a belt.

My legs are on fire and the vibration in my pussy is making me insane. This dose of pleasure with pain is new to me and while it does hurt, I also find it exhilarating. The beating continues as you start to slap the leather against my arms and breasts. My whole body is now like an exposed nerve, every part of me feeling something all at once.

You set yourself on the bed again and I feel you shut off the vibrator. You unhook the harness and pull it out of me. You get off the bed again and I hear you shuffling around. I can't quite tell what it is you're doing. A few moments later again a shift on the bed and then you are on top of me. You very quickly slide your hard cock into me and pull the blindfold down around my neck. You kiss me hard and I feel the blindfold tightening around my neck. I can still breathe, but it has become somewhat labored.

You ram into my wet, hot pussy as you hold a firm grip to the scarf around my neck. I can see you now and your eyes are looking me over as a grin appears on your lips. You fuck me harder and I can feel the scarf tightening again. I struggle a litle against the restraints as I feel myself being unable to breath. You pound me faster and harder and I can feel my orgasm building as my inability to breath causes my body to involuntarily struggle.

I'm at the verge of my orgasm and I look into your eyes, pleading. I can feel tears running down my cheeks. You look at me and say tell me to come for you. I let myself go and feel as my insides spasm against you. You too reach your climax and I feel the scarf loosen a little. I gasp for air as my airway is freed.

You continue to move slowly inside me as our orgasms finish. You then stop and fully release the scarf. You pull out of me and lower yourself between my thighs. Your mouth lingers over my soaked pussy and I can feel your breath on me. You look up at me looking at you as you bury your face in my shaved mound. I strain against my restraints as you lick and suck at my clit. You bring me to the edge of orgasm a dozen or more times, completely driving me to insanity, but I keep my silence. I want so much to run my fingers into your hair and grab hold as you eat my pussy.

You slide two fingers in and start finger fucking me as your tongue continues working my clit. My eyes are pressed shut and I'm doing all I can to remain silent. I thrust my hips against you and you take your mouth away long enough to administer a slap to my thigh. You then resume your position and drive me to the verge a few more times.

You take your mouth away again and tell me you want me to come for you. You tell me you want me to come hard and you want me to scream when I do. You then put your mouth on me again and flick my clit repeatedly with your tongue. Sometimes you suck lightly, pulling it in between your teeth and gently biting down. This sensation causes me to pull against my restraints harder and I can feel the burns against my wrists. You fill my pussy with three fingers and push me close to my orgasm. I start to moan as you increase speed and then scream out your name over and over as my body convulses against you.

You slow your hands down and move your mouth away. You undo the restraints around my ankles and then come to the top of the bed. You kiss my deeply and sweetly as you undo my wrists. You lie down next to me, holding me close to you as I fall soundly to sleep.