 I was at a large Casino a few weeks ago... Part business, part pleasure. I had a GREAT room. King size bed, etc but the best part was the rainforest shower... It was done in all stone, glass door, even a built in ledge, seat for whatever?

The last night I was there, I was on a winning streak along with a few other people. I noticed this gal; she seemed to be minding her own business (I'm outgoing) so I introduced myself. Her name was Torrie. She had shoulder length blonde streaked hair.

Sparkling green eyes. And a loose pullover top that hid some curves. Over the next few hours, we seemed to be giving each other good luck. 

At one point, I did offer her to come up to my room to refreshen up. She politely declined saying that she was there with her husband... She won some money... about $6,000 and left! About an hour later she showed up again saying that she was bored.

In the time she was gone, I was watching this "big spender" play the $100 slot machine.

I asked him some questions like how much were he spending on each pull till he won, etc. 

I encouraged her to play that machine, but she was reluctant. She continued to play the $5 machine and she won another $4,000!

I didn't know that THE big spender went over to her and told her that she wasn't ready for that $100 slot. After he left she came over to me and asked me if she should play it??

I said "why not. Just play about $ 600 to $800." We were sitting next to each other when she decided to play... After playing with $600, she won $8000!!!!

She jumped up... Screamed! Landed in my lap... Gave me a big hug and kissed me...then she cried.

About a ½ hour later, I excused myself and said I was going to my room to freshen up!!!

I came back about ½ hour and no one was there but Torrie... I went over to her. Said, "Hi, what are you doing here"..."Waiting for you!" she said. She stood up; She was wearing a loose pullover top, designer jeans and a light trench coat over that... I saw a hint of her curves earlier. 

In the time that I went back to my room, she removed her bra and her nipples were very obvious. She whispered as she came closer to me that she'd like to freshen up now...With her trench coat around us, she took my hand, guided it under her top and placed it on her breast! I squeezed a little...nice handful & firm.

One the way up in the elevators to my room.... I cupped one breast, then the other, teasing her nipples...till they were sticking out straight & hard. We got to my room and she said, " Your clothes have to come off!"

"Yes! And so do yours!" As I undid the belt on her jeans She crossed her arms and pulled her top off. There were tiny bumps on her areolas. Obviously she was as excited as I was. She then pulled my shirt off as I undid my belt, unsnapped my jeans and she pulled them down along with my briefs and my erection popped free. A little bit of cum was on the end. She looked down, licked her lips "ohhhh boy". Knelling down her tongue licked the head of my cock, then taking a length of it in her mouth sucking me. She coughed a little, withdrawing. Standing back up, she backed against a wall. Her jeans slid down and she stepped out of them. I knelt down to touch her! Nibble! & suck on her labia thru her already wet panties. I tugged them off & down and she moaned. I saw her juices already driping down her thighs. I was ready too! Hard & erect! My right arm went up her thigh and cupped her ass so I could taste and explore her. Torrie gasped at the pleasure of it all.

There she was, 5'4", her perfect 34 C breasts inviting me. I stood up and we played with each other.... Torrie cupping my balls and stroking my 6" plus penis "his isn't that big" and I was kissing & touching her from her erect nipples to exploring her pussy with a curled finger, then two. She said "I've never done this before with a stranger but we don't have all night! Let's fuck!" We made our way to the shower. I told her that I was snipped and she told me that she was on birth control. I turned the shower on, slightly warm. She sat on the ledge; we looked into each other eyes, breathing deeply! I moved forward and kissed her body moving down...I had my hand on her hips and she spread her legs easily. I spread her lips and started to lick her and probe with my tongue. She said, breathing hard "he never did that! " Her legs spread further

And I saw her clit. I teased it!!! Licked! Bit! A gasp! A moan! " ohhhhhhhhh my god!" Her body shook as I slid a finger in her. Licking her juices off my finger then letting her taste it too. "I always wondered what that was like" I then encouraged her to stand up. As our bodies pressed, I told her what we were going to do next. I was going to sit down on the ledge.... She was going to slowly lower herself on me, taking in my cock and I was going to tip fuck her.... I guided the head of my cock in her, then out again, then just another inch or so, in then out again...holding onto her hips not going any deeper and she was going up & down on her toes! We continued this, tip fucking, "Don't stop! I'm cumming. Oh god I'm cumming" she said and she had several more orgasms. One wave right after the other. It would have been easier to pick up the pace and go deeper in our excitement.. " I don't believe I'm letting you do this to me. I don't believe I'm here with you. Oh my god, I feel so naughty, so dirty doing this, letting you do this to me." 

We started to dry each other off. I toweled her off but spent special attention on her breasts. She shuddered as I molded the towel, and then rubbed a little harder on her nipples. Goose bumps appeared again.

I then dried another part of her body and passed over her nipples again they got more sensitive and harder. I then kissed each one.

We moved to the King Sized bed. "Now stick your hard cock in and fuck me hard. PLEASE fuck me!" Torrie falling back, her arms and legs spread. God was she beautiful. I took my cock in my hand and stroked myself for a second. Knelling over her, I guided myself in. Torrie bit her lower lip raised her legs up! Her pussy was wet and hungry. Her legs spread then wrapping around my waist while I thrust in & out. I thought why isn't she getting this from her husband. Her pussy shuddering!"Fuck me harder! I really need it" Holding onto me as we fucked. Facing each other, we kiss and she whispers "Thank you! Thank you!" As I thrust in deep, one last time, we explode almost simultaneously. No other words passed between us. My stamina was drained.

I don't remember what happened next. We must have drifted off to sleep. I woke up some time later, Torrie was gone. 

All that was left were her panties with her scent on them and a note " Thank you again. Everything was great! "

I never did get her whole name or her cell phone number. Maybe she's reading this?

If you are Torrie... let me know...if not, see you next year! Kisses & hugs.