 Rachel had just cum from rubbing her large clit against my dick thru her panties. I knew I was in for one fantastic fuck as we continued. She had a killer body, beautiful face and was obviously an erotic and sensuous woman. My dick was painfully hard now having been rubbing her slit and being squeezed between her thighs. I needed relief bad.

Rachel was not slow in providing that. She stood up, removed that see thru blouse, pulled the tube top thing off, pulled down her skirt, and finally rolled down her stockings and took them off. Dang, I love women any shape and size, but she was a vision. She moved toward me and roughly pushed me back against the desk. She pushed my pants down around my ankles, grasped my rod, and leaned in to kiss me. Again with the hungry mouth. Man she was hot. She let go of junior and began to unbutton my shirt. She pulled my tie off, took my shirt off and then lifted my undershirt over my head. Then she took her hands and placed them around my face, gave me a quick kiss and then began to run her fingers over my chest.

She ran them down to my belly, near my cock and then back up around but not touching my nipples. Then she started raking my chest and belly with her nails, lightly. If possible, my dick surged even fuller. It was throbbing hard and bouncing with my blood pressure. I was so ready to shoot. Back up and around my nipples as they were now sticking out. She still hadn't touched them, and her nails were digging a bit deeper in my skin. She took one hand off me and flicked my right nipple hard. Her other raked my other chest down my pec without touching the nip. The she lifted that hand, racked down the other side of my chest while flicking hard at my other nipple with the other. Jesus, I was on fire. She ran her nails down my sides, traveling in over my belly to right at my pubes.

I reached for my dick. She slapped my hand away playfully and said "does the poor boy need to cum?" I answered in the affirmative with a grunt. "Not yet" she said. She reached in her panties with both hands and began to rub herself, bending over to stick her fingers in her wet snatch. She brought her hands out and put on under my nose, the other to my lips. I opened my mouth to suck on it, but she withdrew it and traced my lips with her cum coated finger. She suck first one finger in her own mouth and began to suck them. Then pack in her panties and back to her mouth. Back in her panties and now she reached down and ran cum trails over my dick. She reached won and pulled her panties hard against her slit and her huge clit was a bump sticking out. "Do you like what you see?" she asked, all I could to was grunt again.

She came back towards me and lifted a leg and trapped my dick between her thighs up against her wet underpants. Her hands went to my hard little nips and she began to pinch them as she leaned in again to devour my mouth. She was moving back and forth on my dick and I was feeling my nuts aching to release, my rod was bigger than it had ever been and my mind and body were on fire as she began to rake her nails over my chest again and the she put her arms around me and gouged at my back. I was pumping at her hard and told her I was gonna cum. "STOP! She yelled. And backed off. The surprise had the desired effect, the cum did not boil out. "You cum when I say! Do you want to cum little boy?"

"Yes" I managed to strangle out.

"Then you wait till I say, you understand"

I nodded assent, but wasn't real sure if she touched me again I wouldn't blow anyhow.

She then reached down and ran her nails lightly from the base of my cock to the tip. One hand reached under and she was lightly raking my balls. I was almost in tears. I told her I couldn't hole it, I had to cum. She continued to rake my balls and penis with those nails, and I felt my cock throb as the cum boiled out of my balls and hit the tip of my dick. She grabbed my balls tightly, dipped her head down and took it in her mouth. Jesus, I felt like I was shooting the back of her throat out I came so hard. Usually there are just three or four ballistic wads of cum, but I was shooting like I hadn't gotten my rocks off in years. I just kept feeling pulse after pulse of sperm rocket out the tip of my dick and into her throat. Her tongue was busy swirling around the head and down the underside of my cock. Her other hand was mercilessly squeezing my balls as I kept pumping.

She sucked me dry. I was sure I would never shoot again. My dick was still rock hard. She made sure there was no jizz left anywhere and lifted her mouth off of my still rock hard cock, and began to lick up my belly, over both my nips and up my neck to my mouth. I taste myself on her. Normally I don't really like that, but I was so turned on and hot, she could have done almost anything to me.

I pulled her up on top of me as a laid back, too weak to hole myself up anymore. She straddled my dick and I was amazed at how much wetter her pants were. I mean she was just soaked. Now I really couldn't wait to get in and attack that slit with my mouth. We kissed a while and I finally got enough strength to stand us up. I turned her around and put her back up on the desk. I took my pants and boxers off and stood in front of her naked and proud with my dick standing straight out and bobbing at her. L was gonna make her nuts waiting to cum after what she did to me.

I sat down in the chair and scooted up to her. I grabbed her feet and put them in my lap and began to give her a massage. I rubbed the underside of her feet on the knob of my dick tickling her. I pulled a foot up to my mouth and began to suck on her little toe. I spent some time on each till I got to her big toe and spent some extra seconds there. The same with the other foot. I placed her feet together and took both big toes in my mouth and sucked on them.. then I began to lick up her arches, alternating between them as my tongue traveled up. My hands were massaging her calves as I licked up between them. Higher and higher I went till I was close enough to smell her sex and feel the heat. I still had her legs pressed together and now began to part them and lick the insides of her thighs alternating as I went up towards her box.

Her breathing had changed and she was slightly rocking herself at me. I told her to lie all the way back and give me her hands. I traced her fingers up the sides of her lips lightly. Up and down so slowly, so lightly. I pushed her hands up to the top of her mound over that sparse patch of hair and pushed down massaging over her bladder. I had seen my girlfriend rub there as I ate her, so I guessed she might like it. She did. I pushed her hands higher and let go, she went to her sweet mounds and began to pull on her nipples.

Now I ran the back of my nail on the side of her right labia thru those dripping panties. I went above her clit, and then down the other side. Back up above her clit and down the right again. I continued this a minute, and then kept running my nail down and in towards her asshole. From there I ran it straight up the middle of her slit real slow, stopping before I hit her clit, and then back down. Her clit was unbelievable this close up. It was really sticking out and I am sure the feel of her panties moving over it and pressing on it was making her feel good. I continued running all over her slit and lips never touching her clit.

I stopped and she moaned loudly. I took my fingers and laid them about a half inch away on either side of her clit. I pressed down and began to move them up and down, making the fabric rub and mach her clit. She was really leaking thru her panties now and moving and moaning. I wanted her to cum again before I put my mouth to her naked gash and sucked that clit inside my mouth. It didn't take long. She tried to move a hand down and rub herself, but of course I wasn't gonna let that happen. I moved my fingers a tiny tad closer and began to really press the fabric hard over her nub. She came. Saying "oh God" over and over. Her cum had run down her panties and was soaking and dripping thru her pants down by her asshole. I leaned in and licked from top to bottom. As I ran my tongue over her clit, she came again. I put my mouth over her nub and sucked her thru the panties. It felt fantastic. I had never felt anything like that in my mouth. I could actually feel it throb.

She just kept on cumming and I reached and grabbed the crotch of her panties and pulled it aside and stuck my tongue into her leaking hole. She set off again. I dipped my tongue in and out tasting her juices as they flowed out of her cunt. After she had finally calmed down a little, I reached up and took those panties off. That naked wet bare cunt was spread before my gaze. I just looked at it a moment, watching the moisture still sliding out of her hole. Man I couldn't wait to get my pile driver in there and feel the slickness and heat on my tool.

I asked her to reach down and masturbate for me. I put her feet on my knees and she sat up and reached down and spread her pussy for my view. I reached for my cock and began to stroke as I watched her as she pulled her lips apart for me. Then she began to pull on them and I loved the wet noises as her hole opened and closed. She reached down and put a finger in her hole and then trailed her wetness up her slit until she reached her clit. She circled around the base of it slowly and lovingly. Her other hand dipped down and was moving slowly in and out of her cunt as she massaged her clit. I watched awhile and soon the motions of her fingers became faster. She now had her clit between two fingers and was actually jacking it up and down like a miniature dick. My dick on the other hand was not miniature. It was hard, tall, thick and proud sprouting from my groin as I masturbated myself.

I leaned in and licked the back of her hand and the finger that was in her cunt. I licked over her lips, around her fingers and finally up to her clit. She moved her hand, and I stuck my tongue out and just lightly touched the tip to her mini-penis. She jumped, and I leaned forward and sucked it into my mouth. Oh man, did it feel good under my tongue. I sucked on it awhile and then trailed my tongue down and began to poke it in her hole and lap up her river of juices. I pushed my nose against her clit as I licked in and out of her pussy and rotated my head around so my nose was circling her clit. She had her hands down on my head pulling my head into her hard. I took a finger and played with her lips as I liked in her snatch. Finally, I put the finger at the entrance to her hole and pushed in. She let go of my head and arched back. I began to fuck in and out of her cunt, adding another finger, and I just watched them going in and out of her soaking pussy. She felt so damn good inside there. I just couldn't believe that in a few minutes my cock would be swallowed up inside of her. I leaned back down and began sucking on her clit again.

She was gonna cum soon, I could tell. I was sawing in and out of her, sucking her nub, and swirling my tongue around it. As she got close, I stuck in another finger and then the fourth one and really started pushing up hard into her. Finally, I pulled out a bit, cupped all my fingers together and pushed my whole hand inside her. Then, I took the index finger of my other hand and rolled it around in her sloppy wetness and pushed it at the entrance of her ass. I pushed at the entrance and rubbed it around her bud. She began cumming. I could feel the contractions of her ass. I pushed the finger in her ass all the way and enjoyed the feeling of her clit pulsing in my mouth, her cunt contracting around my hand and my finger being clutched rhythmically in her ass. I stayed that way a minute, sucking her and fisting her softly, and then it was too much for me. I had to get my dick inside her. I pulled my hand and finger out, let go of her clit, stood up and pulled her butt almost off the edge of the desk. I rubbed my knob in her cum a moment and then placed the head at her cunt entrance and shoved myself inside her. She was still cumming. I began to fuck long hard strokes up into her. I pushed her legs back till her knees were almost touching her tits, and watched my dick going in and out, pulling almost all the way out each time. What an incredible fuck she was. I was pounding pretty hard, when she yelled for me to fuck her harder. No problem. I let go of her legs, laid down on top or her, shoved in as hard as I could and began to fuck her with short powerful strokes. She reached down and was diddling her clit as I speared her softness with my steel. I was in that heavenly oblivion of feeling nothing but her pussy walls clutching and rubbing my dick. I was fucking her like a madman. I have no idea how I lasted so long, but I was just on a different plane I guess. Finally I came to earth and felt the urgent need to shoot my pudding inside her. I slowed my strokes, leaned off her, and began to circle my hips with my tool lodged up inside her. I pulled back slowly, circling as I pushed back inside her, watching her cunt swallow me up. I hit rock bottom, stayed still a second feeling her cunt milking and clutching at me, laid down on top of her and began to fuck at her again. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, my dick was a blur and I felt the world white out as I began to shoot my seed inside her.

What this woman did to me. I know I had little sperm left from my last cum, she had sucked me so dry, but damn, my tool was just pulsing again and again into her. Her nails were leaving scars in my back I was sure, but it just added to the lightning shooting from my pulsing penis to all points of my body. My head was pillowed on her breasts and I could barely breath as I fucked that pussy with the last ounce of my strength. I never wanted to go soft, I never wanted to pull out of that warm clutching womb. My spent little fucker though had other ideas. Still moving almost unconsciously into her, my dick shriveled and eventually plopped out of her incredible cunt. As I pushed up off her, she just lay there like a dead woman. I found the chair and sank into it. Her legs were still spread wide open and I just sat there and watched my cum leaking out from her hole and dripping on the carpet under her desk.

Finally she came back to life, reached down stroked her clit and stuck a finger in her oozing slit. She stuck the finger in her mouth and then sat up. Slowly I might add. She looked at me and smiled, and asked if there was any extra charge for my other services. We both laughed and I told her no, it was on the house. She said she was glad, because she had no idea how she was gonna list it on the books. I stood up, took her hand, pulled her close and hugged her. I headed for the bathroom and pulled her with me. It was the next door in the hall beside her office. I peeked my head around and saw no one, so started out the door. She pulled me back in and said no way. I told her not to be such a prude and opened the door again. still clear, so I yanked and off we went the few feet to the bathroom. We ducked inside and collapsed laughing.

We got cleaned up, she actually got down and got most of my limp dick in her mouth as she cleaned off both of our juices. She cleaned up her leaky gash and I stuck my head out to check the hall and we made the dash back to the office. What a girl. We got dressed, I cleaned up my stuff, got her desk back in order and made ready to leave. I told her to remember that she couldn't learn everything in one day and to call as part of my service was to make a follow up after they had played around with everything awhile. She said she definitely needed a follow-up, but not on the computer just yet. She asked if I would meet her for dinner.

Well, you can guess the answer to that. We deciced where we were going and made an 8:30 reservation. I went home and took a long nap. Dreams filled with her breasts, lips, pussy and ass had me awake with a pounding erection, but I kept my hands off. A shower, shave and junior was down and I was ready to go meet the lady whose holes would hopefully be as ready as my ever-ready pole was for them.