 Wayne rolled over propped himself up on one arm and watched Kandie sleeping. He loved her round button nose, her long brown eyelashes that hid her seductive green eyes. He slowly ran his fingers through the long brown hair that nestled her sexy face. He stared at her said to himself, "She is so beautiful. How did I get so lucky?" 

His mind wandered back to the day they first met. She had stopped at the truck plaza due to a snowstorm and ended up spending the night. She was relaxing; drinking a cup of coffee in the diner when she saw Wayne entered the room. She like the way his eye met hers when they talked earlier he was so handsome. He had started to sit at the table behind her when she invited him to join and told him her name was Kandie. 

He welcomed the chance to sit and talk with someone at 1 am because the place was quiet and boring, then said, "Hi, my name is Wayne." He told her he decided to spend the night too as the storm was too bad for him to drive home in. They spent most of the night talking like long lost friends until morning. They had breakfast together, and then she thanked him and left.

As days went by, he forgot all about her until someone told him he had some mail in the office. "Now who could that be--no one ever sends him mail here?" When he walked into the office, the secretary giggled and said, "Must be from your secret admirer it smells like Chantilly Lace."

He tore open the letter and found a sweet thank you card from the woman he met named Kandie. When he read the inside and seen she had given him her phone number, he smiled. It was then he remembered her silky long brown hair and smiling green eye hidden behind long seductive lashes. 

Kandie opened her eyes and looked at him. She ran her fingers over his cheek and brought him back from his memory. He leaned over kissed her and uttered, "Good morning darling." Then he held her close and could not resist running his fingers through her silky tresses.

Kandie snuggled up closer to Wayne, kissed his neck and whispered, "Morning honey, I love you." She placed her lips firmly on his and felt his kiss ignite the passion in her, as if it did the first time they kissed.

Wayne held her close like there was no tomorrow. She parted her lips and his tongue danced with hers. He ran his fingers delicately down the small of her back and felt her quiver. Their kiss was like a lightning bolt that surged to the center of his soul." 

She stroked the hairs of his chest with her finger and laid her head over his heart. Then closed her eyes and listened to the rhythmic beating of his heart in unison with hers. She wanted this day never to stop, but remain suspended in time. 

Wayne lifted her face upward and looked tenderly into her soft eyes. As their eyes met, the glittering tears reflected her love for him. He cradled her in his arms and whispered, "I love you so much Kandie. " Kandie felt him delicately kiss the tears of joy from her eyes and uttered, "Wayne, make love to me. I want to feel you fingers touch every inch of my body as you tenderly excite me. Love me; awaken the flame of love in me as I yield to you. Let the fire engulf us as our souls join and become one.

Wayne kissed her face then touched her skin softly descending with gentle kisses. He felt her fingers stroke his shoulders and trembled with desire. He ran his tongue around her sensitive nipple them sucked it into his mouth. Her felt her nipple harden under his touch, then took in his teeth and bit it gently--giving them each equal attention.

Kandie arched her back and moaned, "Baby, I love a titty man. Oh darling bite it harder--yessss--just like that. She felt the tingle clear to the center of her pussy the sensation made her clit swell and throb.

Wayne blew across the hairs of her pussy and felt her shudder. He inhaled the stimulating aroma deeply and it made his cock throb more. He opened her labia like the petals of a rose then licked the length of it with his tongue and said, "Oh love, you're so wet and inviting--I could eat you for hours."

She took his head and pushed it deeper into her pussy saying, "I want to feel your tongue flicking at my clit then your tongue teasing the rim of my hole--you know that drives me crazy. Ohhh--yes--keep it up--do not stop! Wayne, make me cum!"

He let his tongue work its magic on her wanting pussy holding on to her hips as she bucked wildly. He hungrily licked at her juices until his face was completely wet. He looked up long enough to say, "Cum for me Kandie--let me taste your sweet nectar!"


Kandie started shaking violently from the top of her head to her toes and clamped his head between her leg like a vice and screamed, "Aaaaaaah--oooooh--fuck--I am cuming." 

Wayne almost lost his breath she had such a hold on his head, but managed to relish every drop with enthusiasm. When she relaxed her grip, he rose up, kissed her nipple, and uttered, "Oh Kandie, you taste so fucking good! I want to shove my cock deep inside your vagina and feel its walls milk me hard. I want to make love to you with my whole being." He then shoved his cock all the way into her with one hard thrust.

Kandie wrapped her legs around his waist and pushed her hips against his cock until it filled every part of her womanhood. They made harmonious music as his rhythmic motion blended with hers. She looked into his hazel eyes and in breathless anticipation uttered, "Cum for me darling."

Wayne kissed her and pushed his cock hard into her a few more time. His body went rigid and he exclaimed, "Oh, fuck baby--ahhhhh--here it comes!" He then collapsed exhausted in her arms.

Kandie wrapped her arms around Wayne and uttered, "I love the way you tenderly make passionate love to me when I whisper--Touch Me."