 Stepping off the plane in New York, I took a deep breath and looked around for Gabriel. He'd said that he'd meet me, but that he might be a little bit late. I was nervous in the crush of people, there were more people within my line of sight right now than I normally interacted with in a week. For a minute, I considered turning around and getting back on the plane.

Then I saw him. He was standing off to the side, just watching me. Our eyes met, and he smiled. God what a deliciously evil grin he had! He was as beautiful as his pictures had promised. His broad shoulders filling out his t-shirt, his baggy jeans sitting low on his hips. He was leaning against a wall, thumbs hooked in his pockets, looking so relaxed it was sinful. And that grin…

I walked toward him, and he met me halfway. When we reached each other, he grabbed me, pulling me into an embrace as his mouth came down to crush mine. I kissed him back, shocked that after all the time we'd spent talking online, we were here, in the flesh, and it felt so good. He ran his hands down my back, cupping my ass. He moaned when he discovered I wasn't wearing any underwear. I felt him harden against me and nipped his neck.

He pushed me toward the baggage claim, grabbed my bag the second I pointed it out, and practically dragged me toward the taxi waiting area. He flagged down a cab, threw my bag into the trunk and helped me inside. After giving the driver an address, he turned to me, pulling me into his lap.

He kissed me again, almost violent in his technique. I fisted my hands in his hair and kissed him back with the same intensity. His hands traveled down my body, cupping my breasts, squeezing them, and pinching my nipples. I moaned, arching against him, pressing my tits into his hands. One hand moved lower, spreading my legs, lightly teasing the inside of my thighs. 

I kissed my way down his neck, nipping him and then soothing with my tongue. The taste of his skin was driving me wild. He spread my pussy, his fingers sliding through the wetness and pinching my clit. Moaning against his throat, I lifted my hips, asking wordlessly for more.

He thrust two fingers into me, his thumb pressing against my clit. I bit down on his shoulder to keep from crying out. He whispered to me, "You're mine. This cunt is mine. I'm going to take all of you." He was thrusting his fingers in and out of me, to punctuate his words. He unbuttoned my shirt, "These tits are mine." He pinched my nipple. Withdrawing his fingers, he pressed them to my ass. "This ass is mine."

My eyes were closed, my body tensing. His words, as much as his actions, taking me nearer and nearer the edge of the abyss. He leaned down, taking my nipple in his mouth, biting it. His fingers attacking my pussy again. My body tightened, my pussy clenching around his fingers, nearly holding them immobile. I screamed as I came. 

The taxi driver swerved when I screamed. Gabriel and I laughed, my head nestled on his shoulder. He withdrew his fingers from me, lifting them to my lips. I softly licked and sucked his fingers clean, grazing them with my teeth, treating them as I would a cock. I felt his cock throb against my ass, and I pressed down against him. He groaned.

Moving around, I straddled him, my skirt hiked up around my hips. I bent down and kissed him, offering him the taste of my pussy on my lips. I ground against him, teasing him with the heat of my pussy. Our tongues moving in and out of each other's mouths as we wished our bodies were moving together. His hands were on my ass, his fingers digging into my flesh. I raked my fingers down his chest, pinching his nipples. He was growling deep in his throat, speaking of an animal need that I completely understood.

The taxi pulled up outside his apartment, and the driver turned in his seat, watching us. It took us awhile to realize the car was no longer moving. With a final kiss, we moved apart, straightening our clothes and then climbing from the cab. Gabriel paid the driver, grabbed my bag from the trunk, and motioned me ahead of him into the building. He hadn't spoken and his jaw was clenched.

I walked in ahead of him, up the stairs to the door he indicated. He unlocked the door, pushing it open and motioning me inside. He followed me in and dropped my bag on the floor. "Eli." He growled. I turned to him, and the look on his face stopped me in my tracks. The lust in his eyes was so intense, it bordered on violence. He was trembling as he reached for his zipper. He kicked the door closed, moving toward me as he unfastened his jeans and let them drop. My gaze was locked on his cock. I licked my lips in anticipation of tasting him.

When he was standing in front of me, he lifted my chin and looked into my eyes. "On your knees." His voice still bordered on a growl, and I knew there was to be no hesitation. I sank to my knees in front of him, reaching for the waistband of his boxer briefs, and slowly pulling them down to his ankles. He stepped from them and I took his cock in my hand. Stroking him slowly, I looked up at him. Our eyes met, and I touched the head of his cock with my tongue. Teasing him with my mouth and hand, loving the responses playing across his face.

He dropped his hands, resting them on my head as I took him deeper into my mouth, sucking on his head, my tongue still flicking the tip, teasing his hole as precum began to flow from it. Moaning when I finally tasted him, so much better than I had imagined during all those late nights spent cybering.

I pushed him toward a chair, following on my knees, my mouth still on his cock. He slowly sat down on the edge of the seat, with me kneeling between his legs. I pushed them farther apart and licked and nibbled my way down the length of his shaft. When I reached the base, I licked his balls, lightly sucking them into my mouth, rolling them with my tongue. He lifted his hips, spreading his legs farther apart. My tongue flicked out, barely touching his asshole. His cock jumped and throbbed in my hand. He growled out "Oh yes, you bitch, tongue my ass." I licked and teased his ass, loving his reaction.

Working my way back up his cock, using my teeth and tongue, I sucked the head into my mouth and took him in slowly. I swallowed as he reached the back of my throat, taking him deeper. I began slowly fucking his cock with my mouth. His hands grasped the sides of my head, following my rhythm. 

I pressed a finger against his ass, easing it into him. With a near scream, his fingers tangled in my hair, pulling it as he forced my mouth harder onto his cock. Making me take him deeper, fucking my face with that hard, throbbing, dripping cock. I moaned, nearly cumming from the pleasure of his cock in my mouth. Of the slight pain as he pulled my hair... I moved my finger in and out of his ass, my head moving up and down on his cock, him directing my rhythm.

Suddenly pushing my head away from him, he stood up, pulling me to my feet. He turned me around and shoved me across the studio, and to the bed. With a hard shove, I fell to the bed, my pussy and ass exposed as they hung off the edge. He knelt behind me, spreading my ass with his hands, no pretense at being gentle. He attacked me with his mouth, his tongue and teeth moving from my clit to my ass. He teased and pleasured and tortured me until I was quaking with the need to cum. 

Finally, finally, he stood behind me, encouraging me to my hands and knees. Holding my hips, he thrust into me, stretching and filling me in one stroke. He pounded me relentlessly, his voice sending chills through my body... "Take it, bitch... you're my whore... fuck you fuck you fuck you..." He grabbed a fistful of my hair, pulling my head back, making me scream. "Do you hear me?"

"YES YES YES... FUCK ME... USE ME... "

I was practically sobbing with the need for release, knowing that I couldn't cum yet, that he would want me to wait, to prolong the sensation.

Slowing down, he pulled back, almost completely withdrawing from my body. Very slowly, he buried himself all the way inside of me again. His hold on my hair relaxed. Just as I began to wonder what was happening… Suddenly, *SLAP*... his hand connected with my ass. "You're a dirty, naughty little slut" *SLAP* "Dirty" *SLAP* "Naughty" *SLAP* "WHORE". With every smack, my pussy clenched around his cock. He was driving me to the edge and he knew it. 

I felt him lean slightly to the side, saw him open a drawer in a table. He pulled out a small tube, and straightened. His hands gently caressed my ass, soothing the stinging flesh, as he continued thrusting into me. I felt something cold sliding down my crack. His fingers followed it, working the liquid gently around and into my ass hole. He worked two fingers in, very slowly fucking my ass. His cock buried deep in my pussy, throbbing, but not moving. "I'm taking you ass next, Bitch. Are you ready?"

I moaned, unable to answer. He smacked my ass again. Hard. I screamed, tears running down my face.

"I said, 'Are you ready?'! Answer me Whore! Beg me to fuck your ass, or this stops now."

I didn't want him to stop. Needed him to continue with this delicious torture. Taking a deep breath, I spoke as quickly as possible. "Yes, I'm ready! Fuck my ass, fuck me fuck me fuck me…"

He laughed and brought his hand down on my ass again. "Dirty Slut." He pulled out of me. I felt more lube on my ass, then the head of his cock at the opening. "You're going to love this." He growled. 

His fingers dug into my hips as he drove forward, burying his cock in my ass in one hard, fast stroke. He began pumping furiously into my ass, his nails leaving red divots in my skin as he pulled my hips toward him. "What a tight little ass, you have Slut. I'm going to fill it with cum."

I moaned, practically sobbing with the need to cum. His cock was stretching my ass beyond anything I'd experienced, and I was in heaven. The feel of his cock throbbing in my ass made me ache with the need for release. "Please…" I whimpered.

He growled, thrusting deep into me a few more times. Then he drove into me, practically flattening me on the bed. I felt his cock swell, his balls throbbing against my pussy. I fell over, into the abyss… cumming harder than I ever had. My entire body trembling, screaming like an animal. At the same time, his cum exploded into my ass and he collapsed onto my back. My ass clenched around his cock, milking it dry.

He nipped my neck, licked the sweat from it. Running his fingers gently through my hair, he whispered "You're so good baby, so good." He rolled off of me, pulling me into a spoon position. I smiled and fell asleep, Gabriel still inside of me.