 It started innocent enough. An occasional touch here, a touch there. The slightest contact can be very satisfying. The anticipation of when it will happen next and how (and where) is exhilarating. On this sunny day it started with an innocent brush of my hand running up his thigh.

We were sitting next to each other when I felt to urge to touch him. He was a little startled at first, even a little tense. He didn't push me away so I slowly got up, gently pushed his chair back and stood in front of him. He was nervous but didn't say a word. I quietly leaned over and started to run my fingers through his hair. His hair felt so soft and made his so incredibly sexy. He closed his eyes and I slowly began to kiss his neck. His breathing became more intense as I softly nibbled at his neck and ear. Just when I felt the urge to kiss his beautiful sensual lips I slowly sat back. 

Sitting back on the edge of the table I gradually lifted my skirt to reveal my exposed kitty. Thigh high hosiery and the absence of underwear make me feel sexy. The feel of the warm breeze on my cunt makes me throb. He sat there speechless. I wasn't sure if he was more surprised by my boldness or my wet pussy just inches away from him.

Taking advantage of his shocked state I began to rub my throbbing clit. Seeing the growing bulge in his pants let me know that he liked what he saw. In my bag I always carry a toy or two to take care of the long commute home every night. I retrieved one of my quieter playthings, turned it on and ran it up and down my waiting clit. Just enough to tease him (and myself). After arousing my clit I slowly entered it into my pussy and pumped it a few time. I removed it leisurely and put it in my mouth. I slowly licked it clean

He sat there not knowing what to do. I noticed a little bit of pre-cum stain on his pants. With that I knew it was time to stop teasing and start pleasing. I threw my toy back into my bag and got down on my knees in front of him. Slowly unbuckling his pants his breathing once again became intense. I gently rubbed the outside of his pants a few times to see if his cock was as hard as it looked (it was!). 

In anticipation of what was about to happen I started to shake a little. I unzipped his pants, reached in his boxers and felt his warm smooth cock in my hand. Stroking it I gazed up at him and the look he gave me made my pussy wet and throb with a want I'd never felt before. I felt my juices run down my leg. I softly pulled his dick towards me and began to lick the tip like it was an ice cream cone (swirling it with my tongue). Running my tongue up and down his long hard shaft made him groan. I then moved on to caressing his balls with my mouth while wrapping one of hands around his leg and the other around his plaything. Slightly sucking on his balls I started to pump his dick with my hand. Then I took it in my mouth and little by little I went down on him. He was much larger than I anticipated but I took as much of him as I could. 

Up and down I slid my mouth, wrapping my lips around his rod. Looking at his big beautiful eyes I began to pump him with my hand and licking him at same time. I could hear his slight moans getting louder. I wanted to unbutton my shirt and let him fuck my tits but I didn't want to stop sucking his hard rod. 

Right before he exploded I slowly pulled away from his throbbing dick, sucking as hard as I could. As my lips released the tip of his dick a warm stream of cum escaped from him. I grabbed his dick with both hands and pumped him, shooting cum allover my face. After he was done shooting his wad I licked the remainder from his tip. The look of satisfaction on his face was all I needed that day but I had a feeling that the day was just beginning...