 We first met at a company conference. I spotted her coming through the door while I was browsing the agenda, already bored, idly wondering if I could escape, and there she was. And my very first thought was that she reminded me of that moment when the morning sun breaks over the horizon, and suddenly the whole gray earth is bathed in golden splendor. Blinding and glorious.

I lost track of her in the crowd at lunch, but on day two, I found her in the cafeteria line and managed to join her. I introduced myself, and when she turned around and smiled and greeted me, well, everything lost perspective. Every good intention I'd ever had just went right out the window. From that day on, she's inhabited my days and nights, my dreams and fantasies.

Her name is Anna. She'd been a swimmer for Ohio State in her college days (not all that long ago), and she still has the muscular shoulders and small waist, the sculpted thighs and calves from long hours in the pool. She's a natural blonde with curly, bouncy, carefree hair, steel-blue eyes and fair skin. She loves the outdoors, but she burns easily. She's tall for a woman, about 5' 10", and has that healthy, vibrant southern California look about her, even though she swears she's never set foot in the state.

She's smart, well-read, loves to laugh, she's witty and quick. What can I say? We hit it off, big time, and we started making a habit of taking our lunches together whenever we could. And it wasn't very long at all until I thought, maybe, possibly, she likes me. And to tell you the truth, I felt a little bad about that. But only a little.

I'm married, you see. She's not.

Look, I know. I should have cooled it. I should have been the mature one, should have done the right thing and backed off. I'm nearly twice her age, after all.

What can I say? I was lonely and looking for someone. Is that such a crime? I wanted to feel my heart race like it used to. I wanted to find someone who could make me smile. I wanted to find someone on whom I could lavish all of the little romantic gestures that I love, and my wife has grown so weary of. Someone to talk to. Someone to confide in. I was looking for a friend, really. Just a friend. But Anna became much, much more.

It was several weeks after the conference, a Friday afternoon when most of the crowd had skipped out early. I'd been making a habit of working later because, hey, there wasn't much to go home to. On this particular weekend, my wife had left town for a visit to her sister's house, so I was in no hurry at all. It was about eight or so when I left and headed out to the parking lot. And there she was, lying on her back beneath her SUV, trying to coax the spare tire out so that she could change a flat. Other than the two of us, the parking lot was deserted.

I have to admit here that I couldn't see her face at all, but I recognized her gorgeous, muscled legs right off the bat. Her knees were bent and legs spread in a very suggestive pose, and her already-short black skirt was up around her hips, with only her black thong covering her at all, and it wasn't doing very much. Anna's got this child-like spirit about her, and to this day I just don't think she gave any thought at all to what she looked like, or how it was affecting me as I debated whether to watch her or help her or dive between her legs and eat her.

Realizing that she hadn't heard my approach, I called her name.

"Anna?"

She peeked out from under the car and spotted me, and instantly she broke into that thousand-watt smile of hers. She slid right out, folding her legs as she did so, and got up semi-gracefully as she clapped her hands together in an effort to get rid of some of the dirt.

"Martin! Oh, wow, am I glad to see you! I thought everyone had gone home already. I can't for the life of me figure out how to get this spare to drop. I'm just about ready to go find the inventor of this thing and pound him a few dozen times with a tire iron! Would you mind helping me?"

Mind? Just let her try to hold me back!

She had thrown an old sleeping bag on the ground under the back end, so I dove under to have a look. Remarkably, she followed me, moving in close to tell me what she'd already tried. In less than a minute we had the trouble spotted and fixed, and I lowered the tire to the ground.

"Oh, man. I can't believe I didn't figure that out for myself! I can be so stupid about these things! Arrrgggh!"

"You're definitely not stupid, Anna. It's like when you can't get the peanut butter jar open and you ask someone to help. The rule is, the lid's gonna come right off for the next person you hand it to, and you're going to end up looking like a fool. I think that's Murphy #7."

She laughed. "Well, Murphy #1 already bit me: 'If anything can go wrong, it will, and at the most inopportune moment.' I was going from here to meet some friends for drinks, but I'm afraid I'm too filthy to do that now."

She had a black smudge on her white blouse, and her face was dirty in a few spots where she'd touched herself with her hands.

"Well, you can still probably head home, change, and meet them later," I volunteered.

"They'll be gone by then. I was already running late when this happened. It's ok. I wasn't really looking forward to girls night tonight, anyway."

It didn't take long to finish with the tire. I tossed the flat and the tools in the back of her truck.

"There. You'll be fine, now. Everything else ok?"

"Everything's fine. Thanks a million, Martin. You've saved my life. Oh, wow, take a look at your hands. I'm sorry I got you so dirty." She glanced around the empty parking lot. "Where are you parked?"

"Mine's in the shop. I took the bus today. The stop is just a few blocks south."

"Well, the least I can do is give you a lift home. Hop in."

"Thanks, Anna, but I've got a better idea. How about if we go to your place and let you clean up, then you and I can go out for a late dinner?"

I knew I had crossed the line as soon as the words left my mouth, but I needed to know if my instincts about her were right. I was never going to have a better chance to find out. Was there something happening between us, something that she might want to pursue just as badly as I did?

She hesitated. She hesitated some more. I was just about to apologize...

"You don't need to get home to your wife?" she ventured.

Ah. The wife question.

"Actually, she's out of town this weekend, and I was planning to go home and find a good book to read. Spending the evening with you sounds much more enjoyable."

She didn't reply, and I knew I'd put a lot on her.

"On second thought, it's Friday and you're probably tired. Why don't you just drop me at the bus stop and I'll give you a rain check?"

"No. That won't be necessary. The truth is, I'd love to go out to dinner with you, Martin. I've sort of been hoping... Well, I'd love to. Thank you. That's very sweet of you."

"Then, let's drive. We'll go to your place to let you change your clothes, I'll freshen up, and we'll find someplace where we can eat and get better acquainted."

Neither of us said much on the drive over. Luckily, it wasn't far.

Anna lives in a small apartment on the east side of town, nicely furnished but not extravagant. She pointed me towards the guest bathroom while she disappeared down the hall and into her bedroom to change. I finished before she did and spent a few minutes looking around a bit before sitting down on the couch to wait. I was flipping through a Vogue magazine I'd found on the coffee table when she came back into the room.

I remember looking up at her and... wow! She was wearing a bronze, spaghetti-strap dress, vee-cut in the front, mid-thigh length, one of those fabrics that seem to flow like water over the curves of a woman's body. Her breasts were high and much fuller than I'd realized, and they moved suggestively as she walked gracefully towards me. The dress accented her small waist and her award-winning legs which, from my vantage point on the couch, looked as though they might go on for miles. She wore heels, a gold ankle bracelet, and a single pearl on a gold chain that dangled dangerously above the chasm between her breasts. I imagined it plunging to it's death, willingly. I let my eyes feast before I spoke.

"Wow!" was all I managed to say.

"May I assume that 'wow' is good?" she teased.

"Wow is better than good. Wow is... wow! You look stunning, Anna."

"Thank you! I thought that since we'd be going out to our first dinner together, and since you saved my life tonight, I might suggest going someplace nice, perhaps someplace where we might dance? I'd like to get to know you better, Martin, and I don't want us to be in a hurry tonight."

I was speechless. Blown away.

"That sounds wonderful, Anna. I've been hoping for an opportunity to get to know you better, too."

And with that, we left. She suggested that I drive, which was too bad. I had hoped I wouldn't have to take my eyes off of her for the rest of the night. I wanted to memorize every curve and ripple and nuance of her body. Who knew when, or if, I might ever have the chance to see her like this again?

Instead, our roles were reversed and she seemed to be the one who couldn't stop ogling. We made small-talk on the way to the restaurant, a little club that I know where the lighting is soft and a small jazz quartet provides music for those who enjoy dancing.

Our table was near the garden, and from the moment we were seated it seemed we wouldn't be able to take our eyes off of each other. We talked endlessly about the places we've been or wanted to go, the things we loved, our dreams and hopes, and our fears. We laughed. We held hands. Sometimes we didn't say anything at all, just lost ourselves in the depths of each other's eyes. The night seemed to go on and on forever.

She finally turned the conversation to the crux of the matter, the thing we had both been avoiding.

"So, what are we doing here, Martin? I must be crazy, going out with a married man. I don't know why, but since we first met I just haven't been able to get you out of my mind, and believe me, I've tried. If I had any sense at all, I would have told myself to run like hell and don't ever look back. Instead..."

She gave a little shrug.

"Why are we doing this?"

I'd been asking myself the same question, and I only had part of an answer ready, and not a particularly good one.

"I think it's because we're both searching for the same things, Anna. We want to be close to someone because we feel lonely. We want to matter to someone. We want to be loved. When I first saw the way you could light up a room, something told me that you might just be the one who could do those things for me. And, I don't know, I guess I'm wondering, hoping, if I can be someone like that for you, too."

She didn't reply for a long time. Instead, she let her eyes wander out onto the dance floor where a couple was moving slowly, sensuously, embracing the music and each other in a very public menage a trois.

"I have this habit of making my life more complicated than I should," she remarked.

"Look, Anna, maybe I should drive you home," I replied.

She leaned towards me and put both of her hands on top of mine.

"Maybe you should take me dancing, instead," she smiled.

I took her by the elbow and led her to the darkened dance floor. We came together and held each other close, not really dancing so much as just swaying to the music. Her full breasts brushed suggestively against my chest as we moved together, our legs touching. She snuggled her face into my neck and rested her head on my shoulder. I held my hand in the small of her back against the cool, silky fabric of her dress and spread my fingers, so that the tip of my pinky slid gently over the rise of her ass as we swayed back and forth. We danced several numbers without speaking, communicating only with our bodies.

"I haven't been with a man in almost two years," she whispered, finally. "It's been a lot longer than that since I really felt needed by a man. I guess it scares me to think about the future, getting involved with you and all the complications that would create. I don't need the grief. But I sure do need something... someone. I keep seeing your face wherever I go... I don't know about tomorrow yet, but tonight, I need you, Martin."

She looked into my eyes as she said it, and my heart nearly leapt out of my chest.

"I need you. I want you. I want you to touch me, make love to me, make me crazy with desire. And in the morning, I want to wake up with you at my side and let it happen all over again. And after tomorrow, well, I don't know about that. Right now is about all I can handle, and right now, right this very minute, I want to give myself to you without holding anything back."

She looked up into my eyes and I saw tears. I put my hand on her cheek and lightly stroked her face with my fingertips, then I bent down and kissed her, caressing her lips with mine with all the gentleness I knew. She smiled up at me, beamed, in fact.

"Let's leave," she said.

**********************

She locked the door of her apartment behind her and led me down the hall to her bedroom. She stopped me at the doorway while she entered alone and went to the night stand, where she lit candles, there and on the dresser. Then she came around the bed and turned towards me, silhouetted by the golden candlelight, and I swear she looked like an angel.

She reached behind her back and unfastened her dress, shrugged her shoulders slightly, and held my eyes as the gossamer fabric floated away, dropping around her ankles. She was dressed in the pearl necklace, a low-cut bra and a tiny thong. I think my mouth was open as I admired her beauty. The room felt hot, and I was suddenly having trouble breathing.

"You're absolutely beautiful," I told her. "An angel."

Then I removed my shirt, my shoes and socks, and finally unbuckled my pants, letting them fall around my ankles as she had done. My briefs didn't manage to hide my enthusiasm for her luscious body. The head of my cock was nearly bursting from the waistband.

She reached behind her again and unclasped her bra, holding it for a moment at the front and smiling, teasing, before she took her hands away and let it fall. Her breasts were large, round and more relaxed without her bra, and her nipples were erect and eager, red buds of flesh surrounded by the rosy circles of her areolas. Hooking her thumbs beneath the strings of her thong, she turned her back on me, keeping her head turned, eyes locked on mine as she slid the g-string from between her luscious cheeks, off her hips and thighs to the floor. She spread her feet wide apart and placed her hands on her ass cheeks and seductively slid her palms down to her thighs, then pivoted to face me. She was every bit the blonde, and her pussy was covered with a thin, downy, tuft of golden hair. She smiled and raised her eyebrows, as if to say, 'Your turn.'

I reciprocated, and her eyes widened a bit as they locked on my thick cock, which bounced slightly and uncontrollably as I stood there before this goddess, my mind totally paralyzed except for the single-minded desire to plunge my cock into her and fuck her brains out.

Luckily, she made the first move and closed the gap between us.

"Touch me, Martin," was all she said, and we embraced, our naked bodies burning into each other as we kissed deeply and urgently, tongues meshing, hands roaming each other's flesh, passions soaring even higher than they already were. We kissed like we were possessed, then I broke away from her lips to cover her with hot kisses, starting at the hollow of her throat, her chest, to the rise of her breasts. I captured her right nipple between my lips and sucked hard, and she groaned and reached up and pulled my head tightly against her, pushing her breast into my mouth. Her nipple felt as hard as rubber, and after torturing it with my tongue I moved to the other breast and repeated my ministrations, while memorizing the curves of her body with my fingers and hands.

"Ahhhhhh, Martin, that feels so wonderful. So wonderful..." Her eyes were closed and I continued moving downward, caressing her breasts, squeezing her nipples with my fingers as my lips and tongue traveled over her tight belly, kissing and licking my way lower until I pressed my face against the softest and most fragrant mound of desire I have ever known.

"Oh, yes, oh, yes. Do it, baby. Let me feel your mouth on me!"

I nuzzled her mound with my lips and nose and tongue, taking her swollen pussy lips between my own and stroking them gently, licking up the rich, spicy juices that now bathed them and fairly dripped from them. And all the while, I stroked her thighs with my right hand while with my left I kept up a light rhythm on her breasts.

She began mewling and moaning, murmuring sounds that I could not understand, her breath jerking, her body swaying unsteadily. I slid my hand up, up, up to the soft skin at the top of her thigh and pressed my fingers to her lips, slipping my index finger easily inside of her. I began stroking her, slipping deep, pulling out, pressing deep, and as I did so, I moved my tongue higher, looking for the joining of her labia, finding the hood where her golden treasure lay hidden, and captured her clit between my lips.

She shrieked, and I began stroking her clit with my tongue as I plunged a second finger into her, slopping her juices in and out of her, strumming her nipple, building up too many sources of pleasure at once for her to possibly withstand the onslaught. Her hands found my head. With one she supported herself on my shoulder to keep from collapsing, and with the other she pulled me into her until I couldn't breathe.

"Oh god, yes! Oh god! Do it! Do it! Ahhhhhhh, Martin, oh, Mar... Maaaaaa, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

A firestorm flashed through her clitoris and swept upwards over her body. She shook uncontrollably and moaned as though in the throes of some terrible power, and it was terrible, and great, and it flooded her with such a feeling of indescribable pleasure that she momentarily lost consciousness and staggered. Catching her with my hands, I lowered her to the bed where I bathed her in kisses, starting first at her glorious pussy where I lapped up the flood of her elixir, then climbing up her body to worship at her incredible breasts, then finally, taking her lips in mine once again and kissing her deeply. She was still panting, still out of breath, and so I rested alongside of her for a few minutes, watching her breasts heave and her nipples twitch, admiring the golden glow of her moist skin, forgetting how horny I was, content to lay next to this beautiful woman and watch the afterglow of the gift I had just given her.

She turned her head towards me and took my face in her hands and kissed me again, softly this time. Her eyes were filled with tears, and a single drop rolled down her cheek and fell to the bedspread.

She reached down and found my cock and began fondling it lightly with her fingers as her eyes held my own.

"I want you inside of me. I can't believe this. I can't believe you made me cum so, so... Martin, I passed out! You made me feel so good that all of a sudden everything went fuzzy and I lost my senses! Oh, baby. Oh, sweet baby. I want to make love to you until you wear me out! I want to do things for you that you've never been able to ask another woman. I want to make you feel as good as you just made me feel. And before this weekend is over, I will. I promise. Unless I die first!"

She laughed.

"Come inside of me. I feel so close to you right now, I want you in me, on me, all over me, and I want us to come together and, and... I want you completely, Martin."

She pulled me up onto her body and I stretched out and let her firm breasts press against me. We kissed deeply and she spread her legs apart and drew them over mine, her calves riding up and down my thighs, her thighs squeezing me.
