 Before the story begins, I would like to thank the co-writer. So, thanks Ted, for bringing this story to life!:) And now without further delays, we present to you “Touring the U.S.-San Fransisco.” 
_______________________________________________

She leaned over the restaurant table so she could say quietly to him, "I'd like you to know, I want to have sex tonight." 

She smiled at the shocked look on his face. 

"You heard right." 

Her voice became raspy and deep. 

"I want to fuck you."

At 35, Joe wasn't exactly new to dating, and he'd had some interesting things happen to him on a first date, but such an explicit offer was new.

He'd met Marina earlier that day. She'd come into the department store where he worked. He had helped her to choose a few small gifts to take home to her family in Australia. Together they moved from department to department, until she had all she needed. She was about ten years younger than Joe, energetic, dazzling smile, about five-five, and thin. As they spent more time together, she gradually moved closer to him as they looked at items, occasionally and accidentally rubbing her large tits against his arm as they bent over a table to look at something.

He asked her if she'd like to meet for a drink after work, an hour from when they finally finished her shopping. She cheerfully agreed, and Joe gave her directions to a nice bar and restaurant next door to her hotel. When he arrived, she was sitting at the bar, chatting up the bartender. When she saw Joe she turned all her attention to him, as he sat down beside her. She'd changed out of her shorts and tank top, and was now dressed more to complement his business suit. Marina was wearing a short, tight black dress. Her legs looked fabulous and the dress constantly threatened to hike up to an inappropriate level.

They enjoyed a of couple drinks, and then they took a table in the restaurant. In conversation, she revealed they would only have this one night together; she had a flight out of San Francisco to L.A. the next day. This was the first leg of an extensive tour of the US. Her boyfriend was supposed to be with her, but two nights before their departure, she'd caught him in bed with one of his neighbors. Marina had dumped him on the spot, and set off on her holiday without him.

She continued breezily after her incredible offer. 

"I mean, we're only going to have one night together so I have nothing to gain by playing hard to get. And who cares if you decide I'm the biggest slut you've ever seen after I'm gone? Besides, you won't. I have really good instincts about people, and you're a good guy. My reputation and I am safe with you." 

She stopped momentarily, "I'm running off at the mouth."

She took a big sip of her wine, "I've never been this out there before, but I'm enjoying this. It's liberating to be free of all the rules." 

She lowered her voice a bit, "I'm not a slut at home, but tonight, I'll be your slut if you want. So think about it. If you choose to accept, think about what you'd like me to do to you." 

With a smile, she rose and excused herself to the ladies room, leaving him with a growing hard-on. He watched her all the way, and she knew it. At the door, she turned and smiled back at him. 

As she put on a fresh layer of lipstick, she chuckled when she thought of the wonderful places that lipstick would be in a little bit. Her thoughts drifted back a week, to the screaming scene with her boyfriend, as he chased her outside after she had caught him screwing his next door neighbor, he yelled at her, "You'll have a horrible time without me on the trip." 

"I'll have a great time without you. Why should I go with a cheating ass?"

"Come on baby" he implored, almost begging, "you'll be lonely so far from home all alone."

"Who says I'll be alone? I can find a better man than you in each place I visit." 

She'd said it in anger, but on the fourteen hour flight from Sydney to San Francisco, it occurred to what better souvenir could she take home than the memory of a man from each stop. “It'll be kind of sweet,” she thought, “having several men think of me from time to time for the rest of their lives.”

In eight years of sexual activity she'd only had five men-so if she was with one guy at each of her five stops, five guys in just three weeks would be out of character for her. She thought she'd discarded the idea, until she heard herself telling Joe she wanted sex.

She took a deep breath. If she was going to back out of this, this was the last opportunity. Marina made her decision.

When she came out, Joe, and every man in the room, watched her walk across the room. Her hips swung just a bit more than usual, enticingly. She stood at the side of the table, as Joe finished signing the check. 

"So, what's your answer?"

"My apartment, or your hotel?"

She grinned. 

"My hotel is right next door, and it would seem deliciously illicit doing it in a hotel, wouldn't it? Let's see if we can't go at it until the neighbors call security."

Her room was on one of the top floors. They were alone in the elevator. She stood on the other side, and he thought perhaps she was regretting her impulsiveness, and mentally pulling away from the idea. Instead, she walked up to him, and kissed him hungrily, rubbing her body against his. The elevator dinged, and stopped on a floor. She broke the kiss, but kept holding him. They looked out, but no one was there. The kiss resumed before the doors finished shutting.

She reached down, and slid her hands over his hardened cock. She grasped it firmly through the soft fabric. 

She slipped her hand into his pants, and he gasped as her hot hand encircled him. In that moment, the elevator stopped dead. The lights went out, and then the emergency lights kicked in. A voice came through the speaker a moment later. 

"This is hotel security. Is there anyone in this elevator?"

Joe took a moment to take control of his voice before acknowledging them.

"We've had a circuit breaker malfunction on this elevator. You are in no danger whatsoever, but an Engineer will have to replace that breaker in a basement panel. It should take about 30 minutes. Sorry for the inconvenience." The speaker clicked off.

Marina looked into his eyes, her hand still holding his cock. 

"I want you." 

"Yes," he said amused, "you've made that pretty clear."

She took his hand and slid it under her dress, to her soaked pussy. The panties had been taken off and discarded in the ladies room. The excitement of actually asking him to fuck her had been so great she'd soaked them clean through. 

" I mean right now. Here." Her voice was urgent, demanding.

She undid his belt and slid his pants and boxers down. She hopped up, and wrapped her legs around him. They squirmed a bit together, until his cock found her opening, and slid into her. He turned, and pushed her against the wall, the arm rail going around the elevator offering some support as he hammered in and out of her. 

Her arms were around his neck, their lips locked together, until she needed air. 

"That's it Joe. Fuck me. Pound your cock into me."

"You're amazing Marina." 

Was all he could say, in wonderment at her incredible appetite.

He kept moving in and out of her, and she pulled herself up and down using his shoulders as support, pounding her pussy down on his upstroke. The entire elevator car shook with their efforts; Joe could actually hear the guides banging on the rails.

"Uhhh," one of them moaned, and the other matched.

Marina went motionless, as she did as she orgasmed, holding her breath for a moment as her body was taken over by her orgasm. Her pussy clamped down on Joe's cock, holding it firmly as it spurted forth its hot fluid into the depths of Marina's pussy.

The elevator started up again soon after they finished. 

As Marina and Joe got into her room, Marina's appetite came back in full force. She turned to Joe, taking no time to shed her dress off her lovely body. 

"Drop the pants!" 

Joe quickly did as was commanded of him, and Marina came closer. She brushed her lips against his, as she took his cock in her hand, stroking it softly, letting her fingers play on the tip of his cock, as she brought her lips to his ear. 

"I'm going to go down and suck your cock, Joe. I've been wanting to taste it all night." 

Joe's already growing cock, became harder with just her words, and he watched as she slipped down to her knees, and ran her tongue along the length of him. A moan escaped her as she pushed the head of his cock past her lips. 

She looked up at him, a slight smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye, as she held his cock between her lips, and then in one quick movement, she engulfed him, taking his cock to the hilt. Another moan from her, louder and longer, mingled with his own as his cock jumped in her throat at the pleasure she was giving him. She kept him deep, using the muscles in her throat to milk his cock before she pulled him completely out, replacing her lips with her hands. 

She smiled up at him as her hands worked on his cock, one stroking the shaft, the other twisting around the head of his dick. 

"That tasted so good, Joe. The taste of my cum on your cock is making me so hot."

She bent forward, licking the pre-cum that had seeped from him, before continuing.

"I want you to fuck my mouth. I want you to drive this cock deep and hard into my throat. Will you do that for me Joe?" 

He nodded down at her, still a little awe-struck of this woman. 

She gave a laugh before placing her lips back on his cock. 

She let her teeth come down, nibbling and licking the tip of his cock, before she took her hands off the shaft, and began to swallow him down again. She grabbed his hips, and pushed him forward. He began to thrust hard and deep into her, causing her to moan loudly as he fucked her throat. His hand came down into her hair, and he held her close, keeping his cock buried in her mouth as he thrust a little harder. He let go, to allow her to breathe, and she moved his cock out of her mouth again. She rubbed his wet cock across her lips, cheeks, and moved the tip down her neck, as she looked up at him, giving that sexy smile.

"I want you to fuck me now. My pussy is so hot from you fucking my mouth. I have to feel you in me again!" 

He grabbed her and lifted her to her feet. He guided her over to the bed, and positioned her on her hands and knees. She looked back smiling, wiggling her ass at him, as he came up behind her on his knees. He gave her ass a slap, and she cooed. 

"Mmmm..yes, Joe, spanking me! I've been a very bad girl!" 

He smacked her again, a little harder as he thrust his cock deep into her wet pussy. She moaned loudly, and pushed her ass back against him. He grabbed her hips and began to fuck her, thrusting his cock deep into her before pulling almost completely out. 

"Oh fuck yeah! Fuck me, Joe! Harder, c'mon use that goddamn cock! Oh fuck, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum all over that wonderful cock, Joe!"

Joe thrust harder, and Marina began to scream as her orgasm took over her body. Joe let her finish, and then pulled out. 

"It's your turn to fuck me." 

Marina gave a little laugh, "with pleasure." 

She positioned herself on top of him, running his cock along her clit, before aiming it, and sitting down hard, taking his cock deep in one swift movement. Both let out loud moans, as Marina began to grind her hips on Joe's cock, moving herself in circles as she looked down at him. 

"Oh god, Joe, you've no idea how fucking good your cock feels in my pussy!" 

Joe reached up grabbing both of Marina's tits, causing another long loud moan from her.

"No I don't, but I know how good your pussy feels on my cock. Now bounce!" 

Marina smiled and perched herself on her feet. She began to bounce, slowly at first, up and down on his cock. The bouncing picked up in speed as she began to feel another orgasm taking over.

"Oooo...Joe! I'm going to cum again!" 

"Me too." Marina smiled as her orgasm hit her body, and when she was able to speak again, she looked down at Joe.

"Fill me! Fill my pussy with your cum!"

Joe's hands came back down on her hips, grabbing her hard enough that she could barely move as he emptied his seed deep within her pussy. Marina gave a sigh as she felt him cumming in her, and smiled down at him as he finished. She leaned down, and gave him a kiss, before getting up. She stood beside the bed, and in a groggy voice Joe asked, "where're you going?"

"Bathroom." 

He watched sleepily as she walked across the room. He smiled to himself as he watched her ass swaying back and forth, and the mixture of their cum, seeping down her legs. 

The next day, at work in the store after seeing Marina off at the airport, Joe was surprised when Karen walked up to him and handed him a disc. A great many people who work in department stores, end up moving to the hotel business. Sales people made excellent desk clerks, both jobs requiring good people skills.

Store security and hotel security were similar, and Karen had moved over to the hotel business. Rumor in the store had it, that Karen, known to be a horny woman, had been fired from the store for letting a young actress, caught red handed shop lifting, off in exchange for wild night of sex together.

"What's this?" asked Joe realizing it was a DVD with a handwritten label just saying "Joe".

"It's a dump from the security camera in that elevator."

Joe laughed. "I thought I recognized your voice on that speaker. I'll bet you are the broken breaker too."

"Hey that woman was all over you. Debby, my partner that night, and I wanted to see the action. No way we could in her room-no cameras there-so we caused a little electrical failure. All we did was stop the elevator and kill the lights, knowing the emergencies would kick in and be enough for the camera."

"Did you enjoy the show?" Joe's voice showed he was more amused than mad.

"She made me pretty hot, but then I swing that way. Debby is straight though. She put her phone number is on a slip of paper under the DVD."

Soon after her plane took off, Marina dug the small notebook she'd bought in the airport out of her bag. Taking a pen, she wrote on the first page, "Joe". Then she proceeded to write how she met him, and how she fucked him all night long.

Finishing, she counted pages in the notebook, and realized she might have room for more than four more men.