 Rick awoke to the buzzing of his alarm clock. He reached over to his nightstand and hit snooze for the fifth time. The sunlight pierced his bedroom, and his eyelids. Giving up on falling back asleep, Rick sat up in bed. He immediately regretted it. The pounding in his head reminded of two facts: he couldn't party like he did as an undergrad, and he was getting really fucking old.

Rick groaned and lay his head back down on the pillow. The previous night's events flooded his mind and smiled at the memories. His best friend, Sara, had taken him out to celebrate his birthday. They had hit up several bars and tried to act like they were still college students, rather than the elderly graduate students they really are. 

Despite feeling like a poser, Rick had managed to have a good time and keep up with the binge-drinking younger crowd. Plus, he had danced with several beautiful women. Yet, the night had ended on a downer with Rick coming home to an empty bed. He vaguely remembered entertaining the idea of inviting Sara to spend the night. Luckily, he had not been so drunk to remember that she was also good friends with his girlfriend. Melanie had been out of town for work and wasn't coming back until today. This, of course, being the reason why Rick's bed was empty when he got home.

Feeling the urge to relieve himself of the night's alcohol, Rick crawled out of bed and staggered to the bathroom. As he took a long piss, he heard the phone ringing in the other room.

"Fuck," he muttered, shaking it off before racing to the phone. The short jog to the phone sent his stomach into cartwheels and his head spinning.

"Hello?" He croaked into the phone, his voice scratchy.

"Good morning, sunshine," Melanie's sweet voice filled his ears. "Sounds like Sara showed you a good time last night. Better not have been that good of a time."

"Hi, beautiful. Don't worry. It was a good night, but I definitely went to bed horny." Rick said.

"Aw, I'm sorry I couldn't be there to take care of you. How are you this morning?" She asked.

"Horny," Rick replied, looking down at his morning erection.

"That's not what I meant. Anyway, I should be back around lunchtime. Any chance I can take my stud out for lunch? I don't have to be back in the office till after one."

"That would be great, but I can't. I told the admissions office that I would lead a tour today of the campus." Rick worked in the admissions office to earn some extra cash. For the most part, he sat in a cubicle and organized files. Occasionally, he was required to take a more active role, such as giving tours.

"Damn," Melanie said.

"Tell you what. It's been a pretty slow week at the office and I doubt anyone will show up for a tour anyway. I just have to be available if someone does. How about I call you if no one comes and we can still get lunch?" Rick asked.

"That sounds good. If not, I will just have to be especially naughty for you tonight to make up for being gone on our birthday." Melanie purred.

"That sounds fair to me," Rick said. "I should run and get in the shower. I overslept this morning and I think I still smell like a bar."

"Good idea, especially if you see me later. Have a good day and maybe I will see you at lunch. I love you." Melanie said.

"I love you, too. Bye." Rick hung up the phone and turned off his alarm. Looking at the clock, he realized that he didn't have time to jerk off before he needed to leave. Looks like I will just have to be horny all day long, he thought. Sighing, he headed for the showers, stripping out of his pajamas as he went.

When Rick arrived at the admissions office, there was no one sitting in the reception area. Great, he thought, I don't have to give a tour. Rick saw Donna, the secretary, sitting at her desk and walked over to her. She saw him walking towards her and smiled broadly.

He always enjoyed looking at Donna, especially at this time of year when she usually wore skirts. Sure enough, as Rick walked up, he saw that she was wearing a black skirt barely long enough to be appropriate. Her toned legs were encased in sheer pantyhose. Rick loved the way that her melon-sized breasts swelled beneath her blouse. Donna kept her hair cut short, a style that Rick generally didn't like but that admittedly looked sexy on Donna. Rick had used a great deal of lotion fantasizing about gripping her hair in his hands and looking into her bright blue eyes while she sucked his cock.

When Rick was close to her chair, she swung around so that she was looking up at him. As she did so, Rick got a brief peek up her skirt. He didn't fail to notice that her eyes glanced over his crotch before looking up at him. He also noticed that her face was just above his crotch, the perfect level for...

Damn, he chided himself, I have got to control myself.

"Hey, Rick. How are you doing today?" Donna asked.

"Hi, cutie. I am doing pretty good. I wanted to check and see if anyone had stopped by for the noon tour today."

"And here I thought you just wanted to come see me," Donna said, pouting.

"Well, you are the reason I volunteer to give tours. Who could resist spending their free time here when you where such sexy outfits?" Rick joked, looking Donna up and down.

"You like?" Donna asked, smiling seductively. They had bantered back and forth since they met. Donna knew Rick had a girlfriend and there was never any unnecessary tension between them.

"Like? If I didn't have a girlfriend, I would be trying to sneak into one of the study rooms with you." Rick said, causing Donna to laugh. 

The admissions office was in the same building as the university library. The building also had several study rooms for students to use when they needed larger space than a cubby in the library. Unfortunately for the university, many students would use these rooms for sexual escapades when they needed a break from the books. Though the school had tried to come up with a solution to the problem, they eventually decided it would be better just to pretend there wasn't a problem.

"You're sweet. And I hate to give you bad news, but you are going to have to give a tour today. A young woman stopped by just before you came in. I think she went to the restroom, but she said she was here for the tour at noon." Donna said.

"Shit. Just one person? Well, is she at least cute?" Rick asked. He hated giving tours and even more so when only one person showed up. With his luck, she would be some nerdy bookworm that would ask him a thousand questions. If the person was attractive, he would have something to enjoy looking at to pass the time.

"Oh, she's definitely hot. I'd fuck her." Donna said, giving Rick a wink. Rick was a little surprised by Donna's comment. She had never shown any sexual attraction to women before.

"Well, that's something I wouldn't mind seeing," Rick countered.

"You never know." Donna said, slyly. Rick was about to make a witty reply when he heard the door open behind him. He turned to see how nice the tour would be.

The woman standing in the doorway certainly lived up to Donna's description. Not only was she hot, she was extremely fuckable. Rick willed himself not to spring an erection right at that moment. The woman's red hair was tied in a single braid that stopped just below her shoulders. Her pale face barely had any freckles and her green eyes sparkled. The small amount of make-up she wore only served to accentuate her features. 

She wore a professional suit that consisted of a black skirt and matching black jacket over a white, button-down blouse. The outfit fit nicely on the woman's body, revealing one of the nicest pair of breasts that Rick had ever seen. The woman's petite frame made them seem even larger than they were. Beneath her skirt, the woman's legs were covered by black hose. The woman's outfit was completed with a pair of high heels.

The lack of sex the previous night and no chance to relieve himself this morning combined with the woman's fuck-me outfit led to a quick result. Rick's cock refused to stay flacid and began filling with blood. He tried to think of anything that would help prevent the tent in his pants but he failed miserably. 

He turned quickly back towards Donna before the woman caught sight of his dilemma. Donna had a huge grin on her face, her eyes locked on his crotch and the tent in his pants. Rick saw her tongue wet her lips at the sight. Feeling the boldness that generally accompanies horniness, he decided to tease her. He reached down the front of his pants and adjusted his cock. Donna let out a little gasp at his show. Rick grinned down at her expression.

"Have fun," she whispered. 

"I will. Behave yourself while I'm gone." Rick replied, turning back to the woman. She gave him a curious grin with one eyebrow cocked.

"Hi. You must be here for the tour. My name is Rick and I will be showing you around the school today." Rick walked over to the woman and shook her hand, enjoying the softness of her skin. "Please feel free to jump in with any questions. Since it is just going to be the two of us, we can keep this pretty informal.

Rick ignored Donna's cough behind him and walked to the door.

"Thank you. I am excited to see what your school has to offer me." The woman's soft voice helped cut through the tension and Rick found himself calming down. 

"We will start here in the library building where most of the administrative offices are housed. After that, we will head through the campus to the areas with the most activity. If there is anything particular you are wanting to see, just let me know and we will fit it in."

"Sounds good," the redhead said.

Rick glared at Donna as she starting laughing. She covered her mouth with her hand and tried to stifle her giggles. The redhead pretended not to notice and stepped through the door held open by Rick. As Rick gave Donna one last glare, she blew him a kiss. Rick ignored her and tried to focus his attention on his job. 

He glanced down at the woman's ass as she walked through the door in front of him. She filled the black skirt out nicely, the material providing a nice outline of her cheeks. Rick wondered if she wore a thong or no underwear at all, since he couldn't see panty lines beneath her skirt.

"What do students do to have fun around here?" The redhead asked, drawing his attention up to her face.

"Most head into the city for the bars, but a few find some distraction on campus. I will point the different places as we tour the campus." Rick walked beside the woman as they headed down the hallway. The entrance to the library was on the opposite end of the building from the admissions office.

"Do the students spend a lot of time in the library studying?" The woman looked directly at Rick as they walked. He was having a tough time walking straight and trying to carry on a conversation with this goddess. 

"It depends on your study habits. Some spend a lot of time here and others have never seen the library. I fall somewhere in between." The two turned a corner and started down the hallway towards the library. Other than Rick and the redhead, no one else was in the hallway.

"What do people do to blow off steam in the library?" 

Rick wasn't sure if the question was meant to have double meaning, but he was going to play it safe. "There is a snack area downstairs where people can get coffee and pastries. Others go to work out for a study break at the university gym. I will take you by there on the tour."

"That's not what I meant. What do you students do here in the library for fun?" She stopped walking and looked at him expectantly. Rick, taken by surprise, felt his face burning.

"Well, um, some students..."

"Yes?" She pressed him, stepping closer and placing her hand on his arm. Rick could smell her shampoo, the subtle smell of flowers. 

Rick opened his mouth to answer, but the woman leaned in and kissed him on the lips. The kiss was not gentle. Her lips pressed against his, her tongue darting into his mouth to find his. Rick overcame his shock and kissed the woman back, wrapping an arm around her waist and pulling her against his body. Their tongues danced with each other for several moments before the woman pulled away. Rick tried to catch his breath.

"Is there somewhere we can go?" She whispered, her hands continuing to caress him. Rick's breathing became heavier.

"Yea. Follow me." Rick took her hand in his and quickly led her down a few different hallways. They finally reached the portion of the building dedicated to the study rooms. On one side of the hallway, the rooms faced the outside of the building and had windows to light the room. The rooms opposite these were facing the inside of the building and had no windows. Rick stepped into one of these rooms, pulling the woman in behind him.

As soon as he closed the door behind him, he felt the woman's hands on his body. Her hand slipped under his shirt to caress his stomach, while Rick reached around her and cupped the gorgeous ass he had been staring at. Their lips find each other again, locking in a passionate kiss. Rick reached for the light switch, flipping the lights on so he could see the woman. 

His hand dipped beneath her skirt and squeezed her fleshy cheeks. She moaned into his mouth, pressing her crotch against his leg. Her hand dropped to the tent in his pants. She found his hardening cock and gently stroked him through the material. Her other hand, meanwhile, made its way to his belt and began unfastening it. Before long, his pants and boxers were around his ankles.

Rick was just sliding his hand around to her front when she took a step back. He sighed, saddened that he had to stop his exploring. She unbuttoned her jacket and tossed it on the table behind her. Then, she gave him a smile and dropped to her knees. She cooed at the sight of his seven inch cock, kissing the mushroom head gently before licking the pre-cum off. After running her tongues across the head a few times, the redhead gulped down Rick's cock. 

"Ah, that feels amazing!" He moaned. The woman looked up at him and smiled around his cock. She looked into his eyes as she bobbed up and down, coating his cock with her saliva. "You're gonna make me cum if you keep that up."

Rather than slowing down, the woman increased the pace of her bobbing. Rick threw his head back, his eyes closed. He grabbed the back of the woman's head and pressed her down onto his cock until she almost gagged. Rick released her and she pulled back, only to try and swallow his entire length again. Sensing that he was on the edge, the woman withdrew so that her mouth surrounded the head of his cock. She sucked and nibbled on him while stroking the base of his cock with her hand.

"I'm cumming!" Rick cried out. He felt the surge of cum rushing from his balls and up through his cock. Rather than pulling away, the woman wrapped her lips around his cock and sucked on him hard. Rick erupted into her mouth, spewing what felt like buckets of cum. The woman kept stroking him until she was sure he was done. Her mouth pulled off of him with a slurping sound and she licked him clean.

Finally finishing, the woman stood up and smiled at Rick. He leaned back against the door and grinned. That was the best blowjob he had ever experienced. He was sure that had to do with the frustration from the previous night and the ensuing horniness, but the redhead definitely had some talent. He was looking forward to repaying the favor.

"Did you enjoy?" The redhead asked, stepping closer. Rick put his hands on her hips and pulled her against him. His semi-erect cock brushed against the inside of her thighs.

"You're incredible," Rick replied before kissing her gently. The woman's chest pressed against his, her nipples erect beneath her blouse. "And now, it's your turn."

The woman smiled and stepped back towards the table in the middle of the room. She slid her ass on top of the table and spread her legs, placing each foot on a chair. Rick's grin widened as he took in the view between her legs. What he had first thought were black pantyhose turned out to be stockings that stopped mid-thigh. The woman's treasure trove was hidden behind a black thong. Rick felt his cock twitch and knew it wouldn't be long before he was hard again.

He hurriedly stepped out of his shoes and socks, leaving them with his pants on the floor. The woman reached down and pulled her panties to one side, revealing her glistening lips and a swollen clit. She ran her finger up and down across her lips before dipping a finger into her tight hole. Rick knelt between her legs and watched her finger herself for a few moments. Her muscles clinched the finger and seemed to suck it further inside. He leaned in closer, breathing in the sweet aroma emanating from her.

Rick kissed her inner thighs, eliciting a moan from her. Encouraged, he kissed and licked his way closer. Out the corner of his eye, he saw the pace of her fingers quicken on her clit. Smiling to himself, Rick nibbled on her thighs as he worked his way closer to her honey pot. The woman sighed when his teeth pinched her skin, goose bumps forming on her legs. 

Rick looked up at the woman from between her legs and realized that she was still mostly dressed. Standing up, he reached for her blouse and pulled it free from her skirt. He began unbuttoning from the bottom, bringing her belly button into view. Rick leaned down and kissed her warm flesh, dipping his tongue into her belly button. He continued kissing upwards as he finished with the buttons. 

He let out a satisfied moan when her lacy black bra came into view. Her pale, erect nipples were visible through the material. Rick took one into his mouth and bit it gently through the bra. The woman gasped. She brought her free hand to the back of his head, pressing his mouth into her fleshy globes. Rick traced the edge of her bra with his tongue, while he slid a hand behind her back. He struggled for a moment before finally releasing the clasp. The bra slid down and off her breasts, revealing her white flesh and erect nipples. Rick took each into his mouth in turn.

By now, Rick's erection was returning and he felt his cock brushing against the woman's thighs. The woman moved her hand from her pussy and wrapped it around his throbbing member. She stroked it gently, bringing it to full attention. Rick dropped one of his hands to replace hers at her pussy. He was pleased to find that she was soaking wet, her panties coated with her juices. Meanwhile, he kissed his way up from her cleavage to her neck, then further up to her ear. He licked her lobe gently, blowing warm breath into her ear. She sighed, stroking him a little faster. 

Rick decided that he was ready for another go. He abruptly pushed the woman down onto the table. He slid her panties down her legs roughly, throwing them across the room. He grabbed her legs with his hands behind her knees, spreading her wide open. His cocked brushed against her pussy.

"Put your cock in me. I want you to fuck me!" She moaned. Rick complied, shoving his cock into her until his balls slapped her ass. Her pussy contracted, holding him deep inside of her. After letting her milk him for a few moments, he pulled out until only the head was inside.

"No! Don't take it..." Her pleading was cut off when he slammed back into her. Her words turned into guttural moans. Rick felt his second wind and starting plowing into her. The redhead put her hand between her legs and began stroking her clit again. Rick felt her fingers grazing his cock every time he slid into her.

"Oh, I'm cumming! Fuck me harder!" The woman cried out. She screamed as her orgasm ripped through her body and Rick felt her pussy spasm around his cock. He stopped long enough for her to recover. She lay on the table with her eyes closed and her legs twitching. Rick smiled down at the sight. He pulled out of her, his cock dripping with her cum.
