 "I'm Home" yelled my husband Charlie who was walking in the door from his job as a Traffic Accident Investigator for the Town of Wildwood Police Department here in California. I was in the kitchen preparing our dinner of Tender Pork Chops & Baked Potatoes with Green Beans. & Homemade Apple Pie for desert. I had already pre set the dining room table and was waiting for the pie to finish in the oven. 

I walked over to Charlie and gave him a hug & kiss. Standing in the foyer we continued to kiss and make out like High School Love birds. 

Charlie slid his hand under my shirt and cupped my 34B breast in his hand. My nipple became erect under his touch. I moaned against his broad shoulder and deepened the kiss. I lowered my hand to his buckle and unfastened it. I worked my hand over his now erect 8" manhood. Charlie turned and put his back against the wall while I lowered his tight jeans. Leaving his boxer briefs on His manhood was at full attention underneath. I carefully lowered his boxers and removed his precious package.

I gently stroked his cock and proceeded to kiss his neck, shoulders, & nipples. I gingerly kissed his tight 6 pack abs; I then made my way down to his thick, hard erection. I slid my tongue over the head & sucked his head and lowered to his balls and sucked them like they were lollipops. Doing so Charlie let out soft and long moans as my tongue worked its magic on his balls and cock. 

"Suck them baby" Charlie crooned. 

Slurp, slurp. I continued.

I made my way to his head and slowly took it into my mouth. I could feel drops of precum as I continued swallowing his manhood until it was deep into my throat. 

Charlie gasped as his full manhood was deep into my throat. I continued to suck & swallow his manhood as Charlie cried out "I'm coming" as a load of thick hot cum poured down my throat. 

After a few minutes I stood up and helped Charlie put his boxers on and we both entered the kitchen as the timer went off for the pie. 

I walked over to the oven and removed the pie and placed it onto the cooling rack. I returned to the dining room as Charlie was taking his seat at the table. We proceeded to eat our Pork Chops and Potatoes, Beans and talked about our days. I served up the Pie and some Vanilla Ice Cream soon after. An hour later after dinner was done & the dishes were washed and put away Charlie & I decided to continue our play from earlier to the bedroom. 

Once in our bedroom Charlie pulled me to his embrace & swiftly gave me a kiss that took my breath away. I hooked my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. I slowly rocked against his cock as I knew this would make him want more. I could feel his manhood begin to grow with need against my now wet cunt.

Charlie carried me to our King Size Bed and gently laid me down. He slowly removed my t shirt and my shorts. I had chosen not to wear any undergarments so he had easy access to his favorite parts. Charlie then removed his boxers and joined me on the bed. He began to kiss me and then began to suckle my left breast and then my right slowly making his way down to my sopping wet pussy. Which I had shaven earlier today during my hot bath. He flicked his tongue over my clitoris and kissed my clitoris as he began to eat my pussy. I buried my hand in his thick head of blonde hair. 

I began to beg him "Eat me Baby" Charlie continued to slurp my juices and inserted 2 of his fingers and made fucking motions inside my cunt. 

"Oh Yes" I cried as he began to make me want to come on his tongue.

I could feel my desire building up as I rubbed Charlie's face against my pussy. 

"I'm coming" I cried as my pussy made its release. 

Charlie licked my pussy dry. Crawled up on the bed and laid next to me taking me into his arms I began to kiss him. 

"Baby" Charlie said.

"Yes", I replied.

"I love you" Charlie said.

"I love you, too" I replied back

With that I rolled Charlie on his back and with his cock at full attention again I straddled him and began to slide his 8" cock into my womanhood. After it was all in I began to ride him faster and harder and Charlie met me each time. 

"Harder" Charlie cried, As I rode his cock that was deep into my fertile wet cunt. 

I began to moan with pleasure as his cock met my speed match for match. 

We both began to moan as our bodies were close to release. 

I began to beg him to "Fuck me Harder" as my pussy began to explode into an orgasms. A few seconds later I could feel his cock begin to build up the need to release.

"I'm coming" Charlie cried as his cock began to spurt his seed deep into my fertile womb. We lay together until our breathing subsided and his cock was limp. I rolled off and began to give Charlie sweet, tender kisses. Throughout the night we made love until we both fell asleep in each others arms. 

Hours later

Deep in sleep I dreamed of someone sucking my pussy. I stirred from sleep only to discover Charlie eating my pussy. His tongue flicked my clitoris I screamed out:

"Suck my Pussy". 

I felt his tongue slide in and out of my cunt; I began to moan louder & louder with each flick of his tongue. 

"I'm Coming" I cried as my pussy shudered its release into Charlie's eagerly awaiting mouth. 

Charlie then entered me in one swift motion. His now thick erect Cock was hungry for more and he rocked in and out of my pussy. I wrapped my legs around him and begged him to fuck me hard and deep. He took a nipple in his mouth and gave me what I had requested. 

"Baby, you feel so good!" Charlie crooned into my ear.

"Deeper. Harder, Faster" I cried

"Baby, I'm going to give it to you" Charlie replied

With that he drove his cock in harder, deeper, as he went.

I could feel myself building up to release.

"I'm coming," I cried. My pussy began to shutter against Charlie's cock. 

"Me Too" he replied as his cock release a load of cum deep into my womb.

We continued coming in Unisom until no more. 

I kissed Charlie tenderly telling him I loved him and he replied he loved me too and pulled me into his arms and we slept in each others arms. 

For the next month Charlie & I had the best sex you could ever imagine, until I began to feel nauseas.

"Honey, Are you Ok?" he asked as I returned from the bathroom one morning "I think it's the flu" I replied.

"Ok I'll see you after work tonight" Charlie replied as he was putting on his uniform for work. 

"Ok, I said I'm going to call Dr. White and make an appointment" I replied back.

"Ok, call me if you need me" Charlie said before giving me a quick kiss before heading out the door.