 We had several interviews for the Stable Hands, Breeding Manager, and for a Nanny

We hired Mrs. Cox as our new receptionist, Mr. Barry Mulligan as the Breeding Manager, Ms. Nichole Smith as the nanny, and Pedro Ravelo and Brian Johnston as the Stable Hands. 

They all were given drug tests and passed with flying colors. 

With my now growing belly and my Triplets to care for I began to tire more then when I was pregnant with Amanda, Charles, and Charlotte. 

Charlie made me stay in bed more as my belly was quite bigger then when I was with the triplets. 

Dr. Berglund even made house calls to check my belly and make sure I was ok, He even had a nurse come and check on me every day.

Before leaving he asked me who I thought was the father of the babies. At my last ultra sound it showed I was carrying Quadruplets. 

"I think you & Charlie" was my reply

Before I gave him a quick tender kiss, and pulled him onto the bed next to me. 

I made sure that he had locked my door and quickly came to the bed and slowly undressed me. 

I also slowly began to undress him. 

"I need you" I whispered into his ear 

"Your wish is my command" he said, before slowly entering me. 

In and out he slid his hot heavy cum filled erection into my awaiting pussy. 

Ever so slowly he began to thrust into me as I begged him for more.

"I'm coming" I cried out as I come all over him.

"Me too" he replies as he jets a load of cum into my pregnant pussy.

He stops coming and quickly tells me how much I mean to him by carrying his unborn children. 

He gives me a slow tender kiss and leaves the bed, gets dressed and said he'll be back in a few days to check on me. 

Meanwhile Charlie is outside caring for the triplets and just watching him makes my heart flutter with joy watching him with the children. 

Barry & Danner are crowding around the triplets looking for attention and for treats. I slowly make my way to the bathroom to prepare a bath to soak my tired body. 

I grab my robe and yell out to Charlie that I'm in the tub. 

He replies back that he'll be in in a few minutes to check on me. 

I lower my body into the warm water and it feels so good after my aching back, swollen feet, and growing belly. I needed to relax. 

I feel one or two of the babies kick my tummy and it brings me to reality that soon they all will be here with me. 

I hear Charlie come into the bedroom and knock on the bathroom door to enter.

"Come in" I reply. 

"How's my mom to be" Charlie asks. 

"Tired, sore, Hungry" I reply

"What would you like for dinner?" Charlie asks

"How about Macaroni & Cheese, Hamburger, & a salad" I reply back

Leaning up I whisper into his ear "and you for desert"

Charlie gives me a grin and kisses me tenderly before exiting to start dinner for everyone. 

I slowly exit the tub and throw on some pj's and drain the tub from the water. I crawl into bed as Charlie brings me dinner on a tray with a dozen roses in a vase. 

On the tray was Mac & Cheese, a Hamburger and a fresh salad with a side of dressing and a tall glass of milk. 

I quickly thank him and he sits with me as I eat. 

I feel a baby kick and I quickly put his hand on my belly so he can feel the movements. 

"Did you feel that" I ask

"Yes, What was that" he asked back

"A foot I think" I tell him.

I finish my dinner and he removes the tray and calls for Nichole to come get it so he can spend time with me. 

She comes and removes it and brings in the triplets to see their now pregnant mommy. 

They crawl around and hold open arms to be hugged and held. I make room on the bed so we all can fit and cuddle. 

Slowly one by one they fall fast asleep after their exciting day with the horses and with Nichole. 

I kiss each one goodnight and promise to see them tomorrow when they wake up. 

Charlie carried them off to bed and returned to our bedroom. 

I watched him as he puts on his boxer shorts and he climbs into bed. 

He locked the door so we won't be disturbed. 

He slowly removes my pj's and suckles my now engorged nipples making me moan in pleasure. 

slowly he sucks them making milk come from them which he hungerly drinks up. 

I proceed to stroke his now growing erection through his boxers. 

He moans against my nipple causing me to come. 

I slowly remove his boxers and have him lay on his back. I take his cock into my mouth and slowly make him moan in pleasure. 

As my head bobs up and down on his erection he moans in pleasure. 

slurp, slurp I continue

"Suck me Baby" Charlie gasps as my tongue swirls on his scrotum and underneath his sac. 

I continue and feel the first drops of cum on the tip of his cock.

I continue bobbing up and down as I feel Charlie moan in pure estacy. 

"I'm coming" Charlie gasps. 

He shoots hot cum down my hungrly awaiting throat. 

Charlie pulls me to his side and together we fall asleep until the sun rises the next morning.