 Rachel hated having to get out of bed and get ready for work. It was cold, snowing outside, with a strong wind blowing. All she wanted to do was stay in bed with a warm cup of coffee. She would much rather be watching a good porn flick while using her new vibrator nicknamed 'Bux'. 

'Bux' was a new sex toy vibrator model guaranteed to have power like no other. It had a dial for increasing speed or decreasing speed along with an on-off switch. She longed to have a cock fucking away inside her, however she had no man in her life, so Bux 'her toy' would do for now.

She worked at sex shop and purchased it last night after work, planning on starting her day by trying it out. Lana (morning shift) had called saying she wasn't feeling well asking Rachel to come in early open to run store by herself.

Rachel arrived at work to cover for Lana. Rachel had her toy 'Bux' in her purse. She had a saying, "a Cock is like American Express, you never should leave home without it." She would go into a back room privately satisfying her own needs during slow work times. 

Rachel also had a fantasy of getting caught by man while she was playing with herself. Her hope was a man would fuck her over, and over again. Rachel had a huge imagination but had no one to share her fantasies with.

Rachel's day at sex shop dragging by without a single customer due to 'winter's' nasty weather. Rachel grew more and more impatient wanting to use her new toy 'Bux'. Rachel decided to give herself a treat by taking a little break, figuring no one would come into her store anyway

Rachel took 'Bux' out of her purse then slipped into one of store's 25 cent movie booths showing porn. She put a few dollars in quarters into slot sitting back to enjoy a few moments alone with Bux watching a woman use her vibrator on her clit.

She started watching a sex scene on screen while she lifted up her skirt slipping off her panties. She took her sheer flimsy top off slowly rubbing her nipples while closing her eyes dreaming of being girl in scene on screen getting her brains screwed out.

Her pussy started to throb with wetness. She slid her fingers down to where they met her eager clit. Her clit was throbbing so severe it ached standing erect. She slid two fingers inside of her vaginal lips finger fucking herself.

She let out a whisper and continued to invade her wetness faster with increased intensity. She slipped into her own fantasy world completely forgetting where she was. 

Suddenly door to her booth opened startling Rachel; there stood a man and woman. 

Woman spoke up, "We are looking a person who works here for some purchases." 

Rachel was embarrassed yet turned on at same time she was interrupted. 

Rachel had vivid dreams of having a threesome with a man and woman.

Rachel remained speechless as the pair noticed her using Bux asking if that was new vibrator recently advertised on line. 

Rachel said yes, she was about to try it out. She invited the woman to join in if she wanted to have a test run with new sex toy Bux. 

With that thought Woman instantly lit up. Before she could answer her husband said, "You bet we will." 

They decided to move to store break room with a couch and entertainment video and sound system. They picked out porn DVD popping it into a video player.

Husband made himself comfortable on a chair while Rachel lay down on couch. Woman slowly slipped out of her clothing as Rachel helped. Rachel started kissing every exposed part of her slender sexy body. 

Rachel's hand slid down between woman's legs where she could feel her shaved vaginal lips dripping wet with anticipation.

Feeling another woman sent a wave of excitement through Rachel. Woman lightly moaned at her tender touch reaching for Rachel's breast, cupping both her breasts in her hands while gently sucking her nipples. 

Her husband watching started squirming in his chair adjusting his erect cock bulging inside his pants. 

Woman slowly moved her mouth down Rachel's body, lightly tongue licking her entire way down to Rachel's vaginal lips. She licked around her lips pried them open kissing, licking, and sucking Rachel's aching clit. Rachel's clit was firm and erect. Woman enjoyed sucking her clit which was firmly standing erect. 

She continued to lick teasing Rachel's clit causing her body to have uncontrolled spasms. She then got up crawled on top of Rachel, coming to rest on her face.

Rachel welcomed her wet lips now touching her hungry mouth sucking all of her into her mouth swallowing her wetness. 

Rachel felt a tongue enter her own vagina as woman's husband began sucking Rachel's vagina. Rachel never wanted this sensation to end as she drifted into a world of pleasure. 

Just as waves of orgasm were starting for Rachel other woman started SAID, "I'm cumming."

Rachel heard those delicious words which was an irresistible signal for her, so both of them orgasmed together in a wild frenzied moment of hot sex. 

Woman's sweet nectar filled Rachel's mouth while Rachel soaked woman husband's face with her cum. They both savored every drop of sweet sex juice. 

Woman's husband turned Rachel over sliding his cock inside vaginal lips which grabbed his cock in a vice grip pulling it in her tightly. 

Rachel screamed approvingly with pleasure as all of him went into her.

Woman lying in front of Rachel spread her legs to expose her wet vaginal lips giving Rachel perfect access to her sensitive lips. Rachel took her toy 'Bux' began inserting it into her waiting hungry vagina. 

She screamed, "Fuck me, I want it hard and fast, fuck me." 

Harder Rachel fucked her with sex toy vibrator harder woman's husband fucked Rachel. Woman came again and again in convulsions letting out a loud screams as her vagina swallowed as much of sex toy 'Bux' as it could.

Husband pulled out of Rachel directing both women to lick and suck his cock. Both women began in earnest putting their mouths on his shaft entire length while caressing his balls with their tongues until let out a huge moan cumming all over their faces. Each woman licked every drop of cum from his cock. 

Rachel lay back onto couch while woman took sex toy 'Bux' flipped switch on while running it up and down Rachel's wet lips. Woman made small circles around her clit and then on down her vaginal lips. 

This went on for several joyful minutes. Rachel felt waves of an orgasm building deep in her body. She starting to explode as woman moved vibrator up to Rachel's clit hood holding it there. She then stuck her tongue as far inside Rachel's vagina while sucking.

Rachel's hips pumped hard at woman's mouth as Rachel exploded in a massive orgasm that flooding woman's mouth splashing all over her face. 

Woman and her husband stood at counter purchasing one of these new vibrators as another couple came in asking about new toys. 

Husband replied, "This store is greatest, they let you try them out before you buy. They will even assist you." 

This was Rachel's best day ever at work.