 During my usual morning routine, right between brushing my teeth and combing my hair, I receive a text that throws normal out the window. 

"I'll pick you up later. We're going to the new adult store"

Funny how two simple sentences can change your day and your attitude. I had been dying to go in the adult store that opened just a few months ago by the airport, but the timing never seemed right. Now, not only am I going, but I'm going with him. My nerves twist with excitement and my mind races with various fantasies. 

All day long as I move through my schedule, performing my tasks, my mind is on the adult store and the things sold there. DVD movies of naked bodies, writhing in passion and debauchery. Shelves of bottles and tubes, filled with scented oils and lotions made to arouse desire. Toys to stimulate the growth and development of the body's erogenous zones. My pussy leaks, soaking my panties, as I contemplate the possibilities.

Finally, the end of the work day draws near and I slip into the bathroom to freshen up, deciding to remove my panties from beneath my little black dress and stash them in my purse. I enjoy being bare, feeling the cool breeze on my heated mound, fuels the fire of my lust. 

Walking out of the office building where I work, I spot his car in the parking lot and I smile broadly as I hurry to him. 

He grins mischievously as he pulls off the lot, heading toward the adult store. 

"Did you have a good day," he asks, a hint of light-hearted sarcasm in his voice.

"Yes," I answer, shakily. 

I'm so wet, I feel certain he can smell it. I squirm in the passenger seat, attempting to press my thighs together and find the friction I desperately seek.

"Need help with something?" he asks with a smile, knowing full well what is the problem. 

"Yes," I answer, without hesitation. 

"Ask nicely," he teases.

I submit easily, even though I roll my eyes.

"Please, help me."

"Of course, honey, what is it that you need help with?" He asks with sickening sweetness. 

Again, I roll my eyes, but still squirming in my seat, I lose control and give him what he wants. 

"Please, make me cum." I practically beg. "Please."

"Recline your seat back and spread your legs," he says, thankfully done teasing me, for now.

I do as he says, using the lever on the side of the car seat to lie it, and myself, all the way back, spreading my legs as far apart as possible. 

He doesn't pull the car over, nor does his driving ever waiver but his hand squeezes my thigh and slides up to my soaked pussy. 

"You are a very naughty girl," he remarks, pleased to find me without panties.

"Mmmmmm," I purr, in agreement and pleasure, as his fingers part my folds. 

I'm so on edge already, it's not going to take much to get me off and, he knows exactly what he's doing. 

He dips his finger inside me, swirling to gather the abundant wetness, then pulling his finger out and using the moisture on my swollen clit to press and rub.

The orgasm begins building through my body rapidly, whirling and growing like a tornado, until it spins out of control. My body jerks in the seat, my moans filling the car, as I, shamelessly, hump his hand.

My body slows, as does his fingers, but when he pulls away I'm disappointed, still needing more. I raise my seat back into place and grab his hand, sucking his fingers into my mouth, tasting myself. 

"Naughty girl," he says again, as our eyes meet and I groan at the sexual tension between us. 

Minutes later, we're pulling onto the parking lot of The Big O, Adult Toy Emporium. I'm so excited, I jump out of the car before he even has his seat belt off, bouncing lightly on feet in as I wait for him.

Hand in hand, we walk through the metal door, into a large, open, dimly lit room of display shelves filled with naughty goodies. We start, hand in hand, down the first aisle of all different size dildos and vibrators. 

My pussy is convulsing as I stand leaking down my thighs and taking in the sight before my eyes. There are tiny bullet vibes and dildo vibrators in all different colors and huge penis shaped dildos. 

He chooses a purple vibrating dildo similar in thickness to himself but not quite as lengthy, and hands me the package to carry. My face burns red, but the promise of him using the dildo on me outweighs the embarrassment of being seen carrying it. 

The next aisle is full of restraints, containing everything from blindfolds, handcuffs, and spreader bars. He grins widely, handing me a set of leather handcuffs and a black, satin blindfold. I grin right back choosing a flogger from the display and feeling way more horny than humiliated. 

I'm ready to leave now, wondering if I can convince him to pull off the road in an isolated spot for a quickie cause I'm not sure if I can last till we get home but when I mention it, he rolls his eyes and drags me along to the next aisle, swatting my ass for good measure. 

The next aisle has shelves filled with assorted size butt plugs. My eyes light up, selecting a medium sized, vibrating plug. I turn to show him my selection and he winks in agreement. I'm aching badly, squeezing my legs so tightly together that anyone watching would think I have to pee. He notices, stepping behind me, and reaching around, with one hand, to massage my tit through my dress. 

I moan loudly, pressing back against him and dropping all the packages I'm carrying. 

One touch and he has my total attention, my body ready for anything he asks. I smirk, bending slowly and taking my time gathering our supplies as I wiggle my ass, feeling my dress ride up and my bare pussy rub against his hardening cock. When I finally have it all together, I stand and turn to him, seeing the front of his pants wet with my juices. 

He doesn't hesitate, knowing exactly what to do, he rips open one of the packages, letting the others fall to the floor again.

"Bend over and pull your dress back up," he says quietly, glancing around the store to see if anyone is watching. 

He is still close to me, shielding me from view, so although I'm nervous, I'm also extremely excited and I trust him implicitly so I bend over, raising my dress and pretend to pick up the items strewn on the floor. 

I don't immediately recognize the item rubbing my clit, all I know is that something is finally touching my pussy. I feel it pushing inside me and can tell it's small but it feels so good twisting in me. The toy is removed way too quickly and I turn to protest the loss when I feel it being pushing into my ass.

"Yes...so good baby," I ground through clenched teeth, rubbing my clit to distract from the burning sensation of the plug stretching me. 

With the plug securely in place, he smooths my skirt down and I stand, feeling the toy shift in my ass and seeing a man watching from the opposite end of the aisle. 

The man ducks back when he sees me and though I am embarrassed I know I'm safe and I'm not scared so I continue when he places his hand in the small of my back and gives a gentle push.

I can barely move, my clit is so swollen it is rubbing between my lips when I walk, sending crazy vibrations through my entire body. I know I'm going to cum soon if this keeps up so I take tiny steps, stopping often to look at the shelves and breathe deeply.

This aisle contains lotions and lube and pick up a few bottles, sampling the scent and trying, in vain, to control myself. 

Once again, he knows and rips open another package, stepping behind me, brushing the hair off my shoulder and nipping at the skin, then kissing it lightly to soothe the subtle sting. Pressing his erection against me inadvertently pushes the plug deeper in my ass. 

"Someone's watching you," he whispers, amused.

"I know," I whispered back, breathlessly, letting him know, if it's ok with him, it's ok with me. Grabbing his hand I push it under my dress, against my gushing pussy, showing him how turned on I am. 

He bends me over, once again, and, once again, I feel the unmistakable plastic of a toy. It brushes across my pussy in feather-light strokes and I shudder from the contact. By the time I realize it's the flogger, the sting is spreading through my limbs. 

More light smacks reign down on my pussy and ass and I hiss through the sweet sting, feeling my body rocking from heel to toe to absorb the shock. 

I open my eyes to see two men now standing at the end of the aisle, my face heats in embarrassment and i close my eyes, however, ironically, my pussy throbs with the knowledge that they are watching. 

Little lights swim in my vision as he presses the handle end of the flogger into my pussy and sets a hard, fast pace. The combination of the plug in my ass and my pussy, finally being fucked good and hard sends me over the edge quickly. His hand clamps over my mouth as he shoves the flogger as deep in my pussy as possible and I cum, imploding from within, and free falling. 

The flogger is pulled out of me and I shiver from the air hitting my opened, swollen pussy. He puts his arm around me, helping me to stand and I do so on shaking legs. 

From across the room they watch and I feel so exposed and yet insatiable at the same time. 

He gathers our things from the floor and pushes me on down the aisle and right past the men, who simply turn to continue watching. 

This aisle is full of assorted costumes and lingerie and I imagine putting on a modeling show for him, a sexy secretary and slutty cheerleader, sheer black thigh high stockings, edible panties, and see through teddies. 

"Want to try some things on?" He asks, glancing over his shoulder at the men who are creeping closer.

I nod, grabbing several things from the shelf and making my way to the front of the store, where, in one corner, there is a curtain on a sliding rod used as a makeshift dressing room. 

A young woman stands behind the counter, next to the dressing room and she smiles widely when I step closer.

"I'd like to try these on," I tell her quietly and she motions me over, pulling back the curtain to reveal a small wooden stool and a huge mirror on the wall. 

"We can't wait to see," she says, smirking as I step around her into the small space. Before she pulls the curtain I see the security cameras behind her that show every aisle. She had been watching the whole time. 

She doesn't pull the curtain completely closed, leaving it open at least three feet. I consider for only a second before shrugging my shoulders and slipping my dress and bra off and tossing it on the floor. 

I start with the hose, rolling one up like a sock and stepping in carefully. I can see him, the cashier, the two men and they all watch me attentively, smiling and nodding encouragingly. 

With the stockings in place, I try to ignore them as I look through my other clothing choices. He surprises me when he steps to the curtain.

"Here, let me help," he suggests, holding out his hands that contain a set of nipple clamps with tiny silver bells attached to the end. He winks mischievously as leans to suck one nipple into his mouth, biting down to harden the sensitive nub, he then attaches one of the clamps and I yelp in response, hearing one of the voyeurs chuckle. 

With the other clamp in place, he bends me over, my pussy and ass on display for the watchers. 

"Spread yourself," he orders, standing next to me, tugging on the nipple clamps to increase the pressure. 

I reach behind my back, one hand on each ass cheek and spread myself wide, knowing the small crowd can see the plug nestled in my ass. 

He leaves me standing like that for an indeterminate time while my sopping wet pussy drips on the floor. When I open my eyes, I can see, in the mirror, that the people have moved closer and are watching intently. 

I look to the side, and my eyes lock with his, my heart hammering in my chest as he slides his pants down and grabs me by the hair. 

"Suck me," he commands, fisting his hand in my hair.

I open for him, ready for anything at this point as long as he doesn't touch anyone else and no one else is touching me but him. 

I suck his hard cock, eagerly, making slurping noises with slobber running down my chin. Out of the corner of my eye, I see a third man has joined the other two and they all have their hands down the front of their pants and have moved further to the left. My attention, as always, goes back to him, as he pulls me off his dick and stands straight. 

Turning me just slightly, to position himself at my entrance and slams his cock into my pussy in one forceful push. He pounds me relentlessly as he twists the plug in my ass, the dual penetration filling me completely. The clamps keep my nipples hard and sensitive, taking the sensations to yet another level. I can see the men, still watching me and, now openly jacking off, and I can see him, watching me as well, in the mirror, as he pumps me. 

My senses are in overdrive, my vision blurring, my head spinning, my breathing irregular. I break out in a light sweat, then everything disappears but the blinding light of the explosion raging through every nerve, vein, and muscle. 

With no control over my body, my knees lock, and his hands squeeze my hips, holding me in place as he pulls out, squirting a hot stream of cum all over my pussy and ass. 

He rubs his cock in the mess on my backside and I hear a man, behind us, moaning through his own orgasm. 

"Stay put," he demands, stepping to the opposite side and rummaging through some packages. From this angle I can see why the men moved to the left, the woman cashier has found a chair and removed her jeans. Her legs are thrown over the sides of the green, plastic lawn chair she sits in and, she's feverishly fingering her pussy while the men shoot their loads of cum on her. 

My greedy pussy heats yet again, but apparently he has other ideas. He shows me the large dildo in his hand and with a wink, he's pushing it deep inside me. He helps me stand and step in a thong he's chosen from the shelves. Though flimsy and see through, they serve the purpose of holding the dildo and ass plug in place. He leaves the nipple clamps attached and the stockings on my legs, but shoves my bra in his back pocket. I hear the woman screaming through a massive orgasm as he slips my dress back over my head and hands me my shoes.

It's not easy maneuvering with both toys rubbing together inside me. Tiny spasms ripple through my body with every move I make.

When I finally gather myself and turn, it's as if nothing happened, the woman is dressed and back behind the counter and the three gentlemen are nowhere to be seen. 

"We'll take it all," he tells the woman who happily begins ringing up our new sex toys and placing them in nondescript black bags.

"Come on naughty girl," he whispers, putting his arm around me. 

I follow where he leads, taking careful steps from the plug and dildo still filling both holes. He collects our purchases and we head for the car, as excited to get home as to get here.