 This is a true story that I started writing awhile ago but it somehow got lost and I forgot about it. I just found it, so I wanted to finish it and submit it for the Winter/Holiday/ contest.

All characters are real. No names or places have been changed. 

We were all disease free and Lisa could not become pregnant. All sanitary conditions were adhered to.

This story contains some male bi sex.

I hope you enjoy it enough to give me your votes.

*****

Prologue -

My name is Tony. I am married to a woman who has no interest in any kind of intimacy so I found a woman who shares my interests and who loves sex. She has been my girlfriend for several years now and who now enjoys nudity and mfm threesomes.

This is really her story.

Early in the month of August, 2018 -

I got an email from Lisa, my girlfriend who lives in Yonkers, New York. She wanted to know if it was possible for her to come down to Florida for a visit to see me. 

I responded that my wife was going to Georgia in about three weeks to see friends and family and will be gone for a week. I asked her what was up.

She responded and said that she wanted to give me an early Christmas present.

I then replied that she should could come down any timeu from August 25th to the 30th but she would have to stay in a nearby motel.

Emails were exchanged over the next couple of days before I finally found out what she had planned. Her last email said it all.

Lisa said that she wanted to come down early on Saturday, the 25th and leave on the 26th, late in the day. She then told me what she wanted. She continued by saying that she wanted me to find a guy with a big cock who will stay the day and night so she could have a threesome and that would be my early Christmas present.

I responded that I had the perfect guy and that I would ask him.

I did contact my friend, Vern, who lives a short distance from me in a small hamlet within Melbourne, Fl. He has his own home which is completely private. He lives alone. He is also a nudist and has a big, thick cock. I told him what Lisa wanted to do. To say he was interested, was putting it mildly. He also said he was available for those days.

The next day I emailed Lisa and told her I was all set on my end. She said she would make her arrangements and was looking forward to the weekend.

On the 24th, I took my wife to the Orlando airport and saw her off.

On the 25th, I went back to the airport to pick up Lisa who was coming in on a 9:00 a.m.flight.

The flight was right on time and after awhile, she texted me to say she was going to the ladies room and would see me in a few minutes. (Just so you know, it has been a standing rule that, whenever Lisa visits me, she goes to the ladies room to remove her bra and panties and meets me naked underneath her dress. This time was no different.)

Finally, the love of my life appeared. We kissed and I felt her nakedness under her dress. With only a carry on, we headed to my car.

We headed out of the airport and got on 528 east going to 95 south.

I called Vern and told him we were on the way. Since I was using hands free calling, Lisa yelled out a big hello. Vern said hello back and told her he had everything ready and that he heard a lot about her and we all laughed.

The conversation continued by Lisa asking if she could sunbathe a bit when she got to his house. Vern said he already put out lounge chairs and she had the run of the house, as long as she was naked. We laughed and Lisa told him goodbye and we hung up.

It was a 45 minute ride to Vern's and I played with Lisa's tits almost the whole drive.

We finally arrived at around 10:30 a.m. Lisa and I walked to the door, rang the bell and Vern opened the door in his naked glory.

As we entered, Lisa gave Vern a kiss and her hand went down to his semi hard cock and she gave it a firm touch. Vern took us to his bedroom and Lisa put her stuff away. In the bedroom, Vern put up a small evergreen tree and decorated it for her. Lisa went hysterical laughing. She gave him a big kiss.

Then, in a matter of minutes, Lisa was naked. Her big nipples were already swollen and hard. She went over to Vern and gave him a hug. His cock got really hard and Lisa told Vern that he was a good boy and laughed.

Vern took us to the backyard and we all laid on the lounge chairs with Lisa in the middle.

(Now, for those of you who don't know what Lisa looks like, let me tell you. She is 55, 5'8", long, black curly hair, brown eyes, very big tits and big nipples that are always hard. She has a nice inviting ass and her pussy is trimmed.)

We laid out in the sun for about an hour when Lisa suggested we go inside. As we went in, Vern took us to his bedroom. As Lisa stood between me and Vern, she started kissing one of us then the other. Both our cocks were nice and hard now.

As I laid on the bed, I noticed Vern had set up his video camera and had another camera angled facing the bed. Lisa smiled when I showed her.

Lisa joined me and Vern joined us. As Lisa started kissing me, she said, "Merry Christmas baby and to you too Vern" and pulled me toward her naked body.

As we were kissing and our tongues exploring each other's mouth, I could see Vern's hands all over Lisa. His hands even reached around her to grab her tits.

Then Lisa laid on her back, giving both of us complete access to her body. We each started sucking on her nipples and ran our hands all over her.

Vern's hand moved down to her pussy where I could see him playing with her clit. As he did that, I moved my cock to her mouth as she wrapped her lips around my cock.

I could see Vern's fingers sliding in and out of her cunt as her legs spread wider.

I told Vern to switch and he moved his co k to Lisa's mouth as I started eating Lisa's wet pussy. I started sucking her clit and I could hear her moaning as she sucked Vern.

It didn't take long before Vern told her he was going to cum. I started sucking her clit harder and her body writhed in pleasure. Then I heard Vern say he was going to cum.

Lisa pulled his cock out of her mouth just as he shot his load on her tits and neck. I could see her rubbing his cum all over herself and then she pulled his limp cock back into her mouth.

She started sucking his cock then his balls and soon he was hard again. She then told him to stick his cock in her cunt and fuck her.

I moved out of the way and watched as my friend mounted my girlfriend and slid his big cock into her cunt. Lisa's cunt swallowed up his big cock until his balls were touching her.

He started fucking Lisa and soon she was in synch with him and fucking him back. I could tell that Lisa was ready to explode as Vern rammed his big cock deep into her cunt.

Then, she yelled out she was cumming. I could see her fingernails digging into Vern's back as her hips and body rose up from the bed and she had multiple orgasms.

It took awhile before she calmed down. By that time, Vern's limp cock slipped out of her cunt as he laid beside her, spent.

Vern and I watched Lisa as she drifted off to sleep, her tits covered in drying cum and her legs spread and her juices trickling down her thighs.

Vern and I went back outside to take more sun.

By now, it was late in the afternoon and when we went inside, Lisa was still asleep. Vern and I got on the bed, one on each side of her and we put our cocks near her mouth. We then pressed our cocks to her mouth, which automatically opened and soon our cocks were both in her mouth. 

Suddenly, her eyes opened and we got a big smile from her as she was now sucking both of our cocks at the same time.

After a few minutes, Lisa said,"Tony, how about me watching you two guys suck each other?"

When she said that, she moved over and Vern and I got into 69, with me on top, and started sucking each other's cocks. As we did that, Lisa got behind me and started licking my asshole. Soon, her tongue was in my asshole and it felt great.

As she did that, Vern said he was going to cum. Suddenly, his cock erupted and his cum filled my mouth. As soon as he finished, I went to Lisa and kissed her, sharing Vern's cum with her.

We all rested and since it was getting late, we decided to shower and go for dinner.

We showered and went to Friday's for dinner then headed back to Vern's.

When we got back, we got naked and headed to the bedroom. I told Lisa I wanted to see Vern fuck her ass.

Vern got some lube and made sure he was well lubricated before he attempted to get his big cock in her ass.

Lisa got on all fours and Vern lined up his cock to her asshole. I could see Vern slowly pushing his cock head into her. As he did, she pushed her ass back to help him get his cock in her.

It took awhile but soon he managed to get his big cock all the way into her ass.

As he was pumping his cock in her ass, I got on my back and underneath her pussy. As Vern was fucking her t ass, I was underneath her, eating her pussy and playing with her tits.

Soon Vern said he was cumming and shot his load in her ass. When he pulled his cock out, his cum oozed out and dripped down to my waiting mouth.

Lisa fell to the side exhausted.

It was getting late and we decided to call it a night and the three of us staid naked in bed.

I told Vern and Lisa that, at any time, they wanted to fuck by themselves, it was ok with me.

I fell asleep and woke up in the middle of the night to an empty bed. I got up and looked around and saw nothing but I heard a noise in the backyard. When I took a look, there was Lisa on her back in a lounge chair and Vern ramming his cock into her cunt. I watched until he came in her cunt and then went back to bed.

It wasn't long before they came back to bed. I didn't say anything but drifted off to sleep with a smile on my face.

Just before dawn, I woke up with a rock hard cock. I moved over and mounted Lisa and spread her legs a bit. I lined up my cock to her slit and slowly slipped my cock into my sleeping beauty. I started pumping my cock into her and then her eyes opened and she spread her legs wider and I started fucking her faster and harder.

I whispered to her, "Did you like having that big cock in your cunt out on the lounge before?"

She smiled and said, "Yes, his cock filled my cunt and he shot a big load in me. Does that make you jealous?"

I answered, "Not at all. I love it when guys fuck you. You like being my slut, don't you?"

Lisa looked at me and whispered, "I love being your whore. I would do anything for you."

I kissed her as I came and then rolled off of her and we drifted back to sleep.

It was around 9:00 a.m. when the three of us got up. Lisa sat on the edge of the bed as Vern and I stood in front of her. Without giving it a second thought, she started sucking our cocks until we both came.

Vern went off to make coffee and Lisa and I went to shower. We washed up and, with Vern watching, Lisa and I engaged in some water sport play and we peed on each other. Lisa asked Vern if he wanted to join her as I was getting out.

As soon as I exited the shower, Vern joined Lisa. Lisa then told Vern to pee on her. I encouraged him and soon, he let out a stream of his golden liquid all over her until he was empty. Lisa pulled him close to her and let out a short stream of her golden liquid onto Vern.

They finally finished and we all had breakfast.

As we ate, Lisa asked if I was enjoying her early Christmas present. I smiled and said it was the best present I ever received.

After breakfast, we headed back to the bedroom. This time, I told Lisa to straddle me, with her ass facing me. As she did, I moved my cock to line up with her asshole and slowly inserted my cock in her ass. Then I told Vern to slide underneath and slip his cock into her cunt.

After some maneuvering, I had my cock in her ass and he had his cock in her cunt. It took a few seconds but him and I got in synch and we both started fucking her holes together.

Lisa's moans were getting louder and louder as her body seemed to come more alive with each thrust. At one point, she started screaming out "yes, yes...fuck me...oh god, it feels so good."

Vern and I came in her at almost the same time. Our cum was oozing out both her holes as she collapsed on her stomach.

We all rested and before we knew it lunch hour was there.

After a short lunch Lisa gave each of us a blow job and had to get ready to go back to New York.

When it was time to go, she gave Vern a big kiss and even gave his cock a kiss and thanked him for a great time.

I drove my Lisa to the airport and gave her a big kiss and thanked her for a great early Christmas present and watched as she headed out of sight to board her plane.