 Jack and I were out one night at a dance club near downtown Sarasota. We were dressed for clubbing and having a good time. I was feeling more amorous than usual and liking the attention I was getting from some of the men at the club. I guess they desired my little hour-glass body barely covered with my tight, satin, tiger-print dress and sheer back-seamed pantyhose with black ankle straps.

Jack was looking hot, too, with his black jeans and white tux shirt with a single black stud at the top. A few girls were flirting with him and I caught him caressing one on the hips as she leaned in to talk to him. She had blonde hair and a long blue dress with a high vent. It appeared she was wearing cream stockings. I noticed Jack's fingers slipping through the vent as he leaned closer to her to hear what she was saying. I watched his hand caress up and down... she swayed her hips... 

"hmmmm... two can play that game." I thought.

A guy came up to me and started some small talk. I looked into his dark brown eyes and twirled my hair. He caught the message and moved in. I glanced over to Jack. He was watching me out of the corner of his eye. I turned back to Mr. Brown Eyes. Some people passed behind him, pushing him into me. He made contact with my tits... they perked to life. He leaned down to talk to me in my ear. His cologne was arousing... he smelled rugged. He placed his hand around me at the small of my back and leaned closer.

I glanced back to Jack. Blondie had her hand between his thighs... stroking up and down the length of his leg. He leaned in and kissed her neck... she eased her head back. One of her friends was rubbing Jack's shoulders from behind. I was getting aroused watching the action Jack was getting... couldn't wait to get him home to have him fuck me hard. 

I turned back to my new friend. His face was right in front of me as he planted a kiss on my lips. His lips were soft and inviting. I relaxed myself and let my lips flow into his. His warm, firm tongue darted out and eased into me. I felt a twinge of excitement between my legs.

A slow tune starts and he tugs me to the dance floor. I position us so I can keep an eye on Jack and vise-versa. As we sway to the rhythm, he has his hands on the small of my back, gently stroking my waist and hips... fingers gliding softly on my tight, satin dress. I feel his shoulders... smell his cologne... feel his warm breath on my ear. Mmmmmmmm... tingles. I look over to Jack.

Jack's sitting on his stool with one arm around Blondie's friend - a woman with wavy dark hair wearing a tight white blouse, short leather skirt and matching boots, while Blondie appears to be kissing Jack in a most amorous manner. I see Jack's hand caressing the dark haired woman's thigh while Blondie continues to do her magic on him. I watch him stroke higher... gently lifting the hemline of her leather skirt... 

stroking up, then down... repeating... stroking higher. I watch her melt into him as her hemline inches higher. She appears to be wearing stockings and a garter without underwear, the little slut.

I feel Brown Eyes' warm breath in my ear. His hand strokes down my hip while his other hand holds me close. He starts lightly kissing my neck behind my ear. His hand makes contact with my leg. Tingles start to ride up my spine. I sway my hips. His fingers stroke my thigh... gentle strokes... gliding smoothly on my stockings. He kisses across my jaw line... to my lips. We lock together... swaying... fingers stroking under my hemline... warm tongue probes into me... breathing deepens... my pussy moistens.

I spy Jack kissing little Stocking-slut now. Blondie is kissing Jack's neck and around his ear as she caresses his chest. Little Stocking-slut appears to be rubbing Jack's bulge as Jack Frenches her deeply. Another couple sitting at the bar next to Jack is watching. They're getting a little frisky themselves as they take in the rising heat. They start to kiss and gently rub their bodies together. No one else seems to notice or care. 

I catch a glimpse of Jack's other hand sliding deep between Blondie's thighs through her vent. He's stroking her thighs... stroking higher... she leans into him brushing her tits against his arm. I watch her melt as Jack seems to be caressing her mound. I imagine her feeling his fingers stroking the length of her slit... feeling the heat - the wetness... I imagine his fingers trying to probe into her through her stockings... getting slippery with her warm lube.

It's then I realize my partner is doing the same to me as we sway on the dance floor. His fingers are caressing around my inner thighs under my hemline. His thumb is stroking my slit... applying pressure to my button... 

I sense my slippery lube soaking my stockings... 

I feel his fingers lube up... he tries to push into me... more tingles... more wetness... my pussy is sensitive... 

I grind against his hand... kissing him deeply... 

Pressing my tits against his chest... feeling my surrender. 

He's trying to probe into me, mashing my stockings against my clit... spreading my pussy lips open... pushing but not getting in. I smile to myself. I'm so horny.

The song ends and I grab his hand from between my legs and walk with him to the bar. Jack catches us coming and removes his hand from Blondie's oozing excitement. I watch her squirm her hips onto the barstool. 

My dance partner and I move to the bar just behind Jack and his two little sluts. Little Stocking-slut moves to the side of Jack as his hand comes out from under her leather skirt. I see his fingers glisten with wetness. I ask him for the time. He holds his watch in front of me. I hold his wrist appearing to steady his hand and get close. I can smell the musky arousal of Stocking-slut's wetness from Jack's glistening fingers. I imagine watching a thick hard cock reaming into little Stocking-slut's oozing pussy and fucking her hard... the little slut.

Another round of drinks is placed before us. No one knows Jack and I are an item. This adds to our excitement... our lust. I go to the ladies room.

While sitting in the stall I rub my button. It's warm and slippery. The sensual stimulation is provoking a sense of abandon in me. I reach in my purse for my nail clippers and poke a few tiny holes through the cotton panel of my pantyhose. I'm losing myself in my torrid thoughts of watching a throbbing cock sliding into my tight wet pussy. 

I leave the ladies room to the darkened hallway. Jack is waiting. We embrace and grind our bodies together. Our warm lips lock... passion... lust. He brings his fingers up to our lips. I smell the scent of musky arousal. He glides them on my lips. I lick at his fingers... and taste the sticky juices from little Stocking-slut. I feel my own pussy oozing with excitement. We stop and form a plan for us and our new friends.

Back to the bar. 

A few more drinks. By this time our little group of five have introduced ourselves to each other. Jack and I meet as new people would. We decide to leave. Jack's two little sluts will ride with him and Mr. Brown Eyes and I will follow. 

We're riding in the car following Jack. I see Blondie lean over to Jack and disappear as she bends down into his lap. Brown Eyes has his fingers stroking my legs as I snuggle up to him. His fingers glide sensuously over my nylons. I reach down and stroke the bulge in his slacks. His fingers glide higher reaching my mound. He caresses my slit. I stroke firmly... pinching his zipper and slowly pull it down. He messages my clit... soaking my nylons... his fingers discover the tiny holes I poked earlier... He moves his hips. 

I reach in his open zipper and feel his hot cock throb to my touch. He's wearing clingy satin underwear. My pussy twitches with the sensual eroticism of the moment. His cock strains against the flimsy fabric... I stroke his cock through the satin with my nails... caressing higher to his mushroom. I feel a circle of wetness through his underwear. .. sense his arousal. His cock strains for release, but I tease... stroking his cock through the satiny material... making myself wet. 

His fingers message my clit, lubing me from my oozing honey. He strokes his fingers up and down my slit... not probing into me, but just caressing... messaging. My breathing deepens. 

I know we don't have farther to go, so I pull his cock free from his clingy restraint and slide it past my lips. He moans deeply. I taste his horniness... his cock throbs. I feel it grow and expand as he slides into me... slowly... back and forth. I smell the scent of a different cologne... one of my favorites... he must have applied some to the base of his cock. Delightfully sensual.

I sense the car stop. I straighten up and see we're parked next to Jack's car. Jack sees me rise from my pleasuring position and winks. We're parked at a high-end adult toy store in Sarasota. This place is designed for couples and is pretty clean. Jack's little sluts seem aglow with lustful excitement. We're all highly aroused as we walk in.

The place is well-lit with soft, indirect lighting. There is a little tawdry effect of the red and blue neon lights reflecting within the store from the storefront. Jack and his sluts meander to the adult movie aisles while Brown Eyes and I float over to the toy section. 

There is a large selection of toys for every purpose. I spy some flesh-colored, cock vibrators and check out a piece or two. Brown Eyes comes up behind me wrapping his arms around my waist and hips. I feel his bulge on my butt as he sways against me. I tingle. Brown Eyes picks out a couple of small pencil vibrators with swirling ridges while I select a soft, cock-shaped vibrator with a clit stimulator at the base. I shudder with excitement at the thought of Brown Eyes plunging this toy in me as I give him a lustful deep throat. 

As we turn to cash out, I spy a huge, black, cock-shaped vibrator. It was probably the size of a horse's cock. I lean over to pick it up, admiring its shape and size. My pussy throbs with excitement as I imagine this brute pushing its way into little Stocking-slut. Brown Eyes comes up behind me and eases his hand under my hemline. His fingers scoop some of my oozing wetness from my pussy. He brings his fingers up to my lips and applies my horny nectar... the smell of arousal... the taste of sex... he grinds his cock against me. I feel an urge to suck him right now... in full view of the few patrons lingering around the displays. 

I glance over to Jack. He's over in a far corner of the movie section. Little Stocking-slut's head is bobbing on his cock as Blondie strokes herself through the vent in her dress.

Brown eyes and I turn and stroll to the cashier to check out. I see Jack helping Stocking-slut up and they walk toward us with a few movies in their hands. At the counter are some black blindfolds and velvet handcuffs. I impulsively pick up a few and add it to our collection. The cashier opens the packages of vibrators and checks them for working condition. The black brute uses three size D batteries and hums to life with a deep low-level vibration. I touch it. My hand can't close around it, it's so big. It's soft, but firm, and vibrates in waves. Ooooohhh... pussy is wet just thinking about it. 

The cashier puts our toys in a leather bag. Jack and his friends come up next to us and place a few movies on the counter. The covers look pretty erotic and the cashier asks Jack if he wants to view them in one of the back viewing rooms. I look at him with anticipation. He grins and agrees. We all saunter to the back hallway and walk past a few doors. We hear muffled sounds of movies being played in each room. We pick one that's a little larger and has a couple of leather sofas and easy chairs. 

It's dark so our eyes have to adjust. Jack inserts a DVD in the player. While the movie is booting up, Blondie slithers over next to Jack and kisses him on the neck. She rubs her tits against his arm as she darts her tongue into his ear. I hear her purr. Stocking slut leans over to adjust her stockings... pulling them higher.

The movie comes to life and within a few minutes the thin plot melts away to carnal pleasures. There is a scene of an attractive woman in a limo getting her pussy lusciously licked. The close-up is erotic. I watch her oozing juices get lapped up by her man's tongue... she reaches down and grabs him by the sides of his head and grinds herself against his probing tongue and warm lips. I feel my pussy ooze. 

I turn my gaze to the couch where Jack is sitting between his two sluts. Blondie leans back against the couch and eases one leg on the sofa. She gazes at the movie as Jack leans down and starts kissing around her knee while stroking her legs. I watch him kiss and lick higher as Blondie settles back for a good French pussy kiss. Brown Eyes is caressing my legs as we recline on our sofa. I part them for his caressing fingers. I see Jack won't get too far through the cotton panel of Blondie's cream pantyhose. I smirk at her being tantalized. 

Stocking-slut is wasting no time as she unzips Jack's jeans and slips her hand in. Jack's cock springs out, throbbing hard. My heart skips a beat as I see his excitement. Brown Eyes slithers off the couch and eases between my legs. I ease them open as he kisses my legs... working higher a little at a time... 

kissing... 

licking... 

slowly... 

His hot, wet tongue... 

working higher up my inner thighs. My body tingles. I caress my tits through the satin fabric, the tiger print adding to my animalistic desire. I sense his hot breath, his warm tongue make contact with my slit. He licks me slowly... sensing my folds... probing gently into me... his nose lightly messaging my clit. 

The movie scene is now showing the dark haired woman being slowly licked as she's being fed a stiff cock. The close ups are clear and erotic. There are two other men in the limo. They stroke their cocks as they watch her suck salaciously... moaning and groaning... they stroke... waiting their turn. I watch. 

I look over to Jack. Stocking-slut is on all fours as she takes Jack's cock deep down her throat. Her ass is facing me and her short skirt has ridden over her hips. I see her exposed pussy glisten as it's framed between her garter straps... her milky white ass contrasting sharply against the sheen of her sheer black stockings. She left her leather boots on. 

Jack is kissing deeply between Blondie's spread legs. I see the sheen of her nylons on her legs. Her head is eased back over the arm of the couch. I look down and feel Brown Eyes trying to probe his fingers into me... I feel him tugging at my pantyhose... tearing the small holes bigger... the sound of tearing fabric... his tongue probes me fully... Mmmmmm...

I reach down and lift Brown Eyes up in front of me. I unzip him and caress his cock through his satin underwear. I pull him free and stroke his cock... it throbs with anticipation. I slide him past my lips and lube him up... the scent of his cologne adds to my arousal... I slide him out and have him kiss me. He covers my body as I recline. I feel his throbbing cock glide against the stockings on my thigh... the tip makes contact with my opening... I reach down and feel his hard cock throb to my touch. I rub his mushroom around my slit. He's lubing up with my oozing wetness. I guide him in. I feel his cock slide in me... pressing against me... pressing my pussy apart and around his hard cock. He eases out... then in... my juices lubing him up. He pumps me a few times... starting a nice rocking rhythm. He moans. I look back at Jack. Blondie's head is still hanging over the arm of the sofa as Jack continues his pleasures on her hot pussy. 

I turn and stand up with Brown Eyes. I reach into my leather bag of toys and rummage around for the blinders. I grab him by the hand and lead him over to Blondie's side of the sofa. His cock is sticking straight out as we walk. I reach down and blindfold her. Jack is still trying to get into her pussy... teasing her through the thin nylon panel of her pantyhose. She moans with pleasure. I take hold of Brown Eyes' cock. It's sticky and wet with my wetness. I direct it to Blondie's mouth. I watch his cock glisten with my nectar as I apply it around her lips... I press and she parts her pouty lips... I watch as he slides it into her... I hear her moan as she tastes my horny pleasures. I drip with excitement as I watch her lick at his cock and suck hard. 

I reach in my leather bag and pull out one of the little pencil vibrators. I hand it to Jack. He probes the hard, sleek tip into Blondie's pussy as he continues to suck and lick her button through her nylons. She grinds her hips against Jack's pleasures. Stocking-slut is still deep throating Jack, keeping him on edge. I look down and see Jack biting Blondie's stockings, pulling them away from her wet, pink lips. I hear tearing fabric as Jack's excitement gets more animalistic. I see it in his eyes. 

I watch Jack plunge the sleek pencil vibrator into Blondie through the hole in her stockings. She's moaning deeply... heavy breathing... her chest heaves. I reach down and grope her tight tits through her clingy blue dress. Jack is messaging the vibrator around Blondie's ass. He presses it in... the spiral ridges screwing into her ass... her moans deepen... she grinds against Jack and the toy. 

I peer to the back of the room and notice a couple of holes in the back wall. I walk over and peek through. On the other side is a handsome man watching a torrid movie. He's in a business suit, sitting on a chair... stroking his hard cock. I look back to the couch scene. By now Jack is easing his throbbing cock into Blondie while her twisted vibrator is buried deep in her ass. Stocking-slut is on her knees in front of Jack watching his cock ream into Blondie's pussy. I watch Jack pull out and slide his sticky cock into Stocking-slut's mouth.

I go to the leather bag and pull out the other blindfold, putting that over Stocking-slut's eyes. I leave the room and knock on our neighbor's door. He opens it peeking out. When he sees me, he breaks into a wide smile and opens the door. I enter and before I can say anything, he embraces me kissing me deeply. I can sense his erotic arousal... he grinds against me. My hand feels his thick cock. I wrap my fingers around it as his hands caress my body. He caresses down and hikes my hemline. He gropes me... then messages my ass, hips and waist. His fingers glide sensuously over my stockings. He's fast and before I can take control, his cock is rubbing against my wetness... he plunges into me with reckless abandon. He drills into me, pressing me against the wall. I lose my breath by the unexpected, rapid fucking I'm getting... eroticism... sparks... I push him back to gain control and take him by the hand leaving his room.

Into my room we go. Jack is back to licking Blondie's pussy while Stocking-slut is bent over sucking Jack's cock still glistening with Blondie's wetness. Her pussy is exposed with shimmering wetness along her slit. My neighbor's cock is still wet from our quicky. I direct him to Stocking-slut's ready slit. I get on my knees and watch his tip make contact with her oozing nectar. He places his hands on her hips and pulls her back with force. I watch his cock disappear in one thrust. She yelps and lets loose a deep, guttural moan. He fucks her hard... she grinds back to meet his forward thrusts. I watch her pussy wrap around his cock as it slides in and out. I grab it and pull it from her slippery pussy. I take it down my throat,,, lapping at the slick, sticky honey... raw sex... I place him back to her opening and he reams her some more.

Brown Eyes comes around to Blondie and slides his cock deep into her pussy... fucking her through her stockings. Jack gets up and leads me to the other sofa. I recline as Jack eases himself on top of me... kissing me with reckless abandon. I feel his sticky, throbbing cock, well lubed with the juices of Blondie, parting my pussy lips. He slides in... pressing me apart... probing deep... penetrating me... I moan... body tingles... I hear my stranger friend groan with a deepness. I look over as he has Stocking-slut pulled tight against his cock. He's grinding deep... animalistic moans... I imagine his cock twitching his ropes of sticky hot cum into her. He spanks her ass as he grinds. Deep, heavy moans echo off the walls mixing with the moaning and fucking from the movie.
