 Staci looked at the newspaper, gave a sigh and left it on the table. She put on the kettle and started making herself a cup of coffee. Once that menial task was done, she headed to the living room flopped onto the big leather couch and scanned her DVD collection.

She sighed again. Even though she had quite an extensive collection, there was nothing to watch. Nothing she wanted to watch again.

So she went online, browsed a bit and found nothing. Nothing to read. Nothing to see. Nothing. Nothing and more nothing.

It was going to be one of those days. The first bit of free time she has and what happens? She is stuck with nothing to do but sit and stare at the walls.

A glance at the clock told her what time it was. Just after nine, early morning. She finished the coffee, placed the mug on the coffee table and headed to her bedroom.

She got undressed: First unbuttoning her pajama top, exposing her naturally well rounded breasts. The chilly morning air got her nipples a bit perky. Almost absentmindedly she pinched her left nipple between thumb and index finger.

Now this could head somewhere nice, she thought as she let her mind escape a bit out of the confines of its boredom. She cupped her breast, still pinching the nipple whilst her other hand gently glided down her tummy, her fingers reaching down her pajama bottoms.

She stopped as she felt her pubic hair, for in her mind it was no longer Staci Frank doing the touching, nor was she in a small bedroom in a matchbox apartment all alone.

The weather was perfect. Not a hint of cloud in the sky. She wore a big white sunhat, trendy shades and a white bikini that was more a rumor that an actual piece of clothing. Her body felt relaxed, almost rejuvenated from a full body massage she was treated to an hour or so ago.

Her skin was a gorgeous bronze, not the pale shade it was now. Next to her on a small table was a multicolored drink she could not pronounce but had no problem drinking one after the other. She felt a bit intoxicated. Not drunk, but a little light headed from the alcohol she consumed.

The upper deck of the cruise liner was practically deserted. Only an elderly couple managed to score a bit of shade. She was for all intents and purposes, alone. That was when HE came up the stairs, all muscly, dark haired and oozing sex appeal like none she has ever met before.

She eyed him ever since she got on board on the luxurious ship, the air conditioning not helping in keeping her cool. Dressed in shorts, golf shirt barely hiding his muscular frame, sleeves straining under the pressure of his biceps.

Now he was here, approaching her with a look in his eye that told her she was in trouble.

She bit her underlip at the thought of what he would to her. What would he do? Maybe murder her and throw her lifeless body overboard? Hopefully not.

He knelt beside her, and without as much as muttering one syllable, his lips locked onto hers. Her legs went weak as she surrendered to his kiss, her pussy moist as her hands glided over those muscular arms, across his shoulder and down his bare back.

This guy had evil intentions. In no time his hand was down her bikini bottom, exploring her wet, aching pussy as he continued kissing Staci. She nearly came as he rubbed her clit with his middle finger, let out a yelp of surprize and pain as he slid his finger into her cunt. With little to no ceremony, he stood up, exposed his cock and clambered onto Staci. Swiftly moving her bikini bottom out of the way, he slid his massive cock into her/

"Oh fuck!" she gasped as he fucked her, gentle no option at all. She dug her fingers into his shoulders, bit into his neck as he rode her without mercy, his dick slamming into her over and over again. Her pussy was loving this, all of this, and she felt herself about to cum as he continued his merciless thrashing of her cunt.

She came, let out a stifled yelp as her body was rocked by an earth shattering cum session that felt like it lasted forever. No sooner had she come, then he pulled out of her and quickly shoved his manhood into hear eager mouth. The first shot of semen hit the back of her throat, nearly causing her to choke, but she fought the reflexes, letting him spill his entire load into her eager mouth, only dripping a bit as he pulled out of her. She felt the cum dribble over her chin, wiping it off with her index finger.

She put on a bit of a show as she swallowed his cum, and then licked the little bit she had left on her finger. He enjoyed the performance, giving her one last kiss as he walked away. "Enjoyed the show, Gramps?" he asked the old man, frozen in time with two drinks in his hand...

Staci was spread out on her bed, she took of the pajama top she had on and threw it over the dresser. Her hand reached down to her pussy again, still wet from her fantasy, and a bit delicate after her real life orgasm.

She slipped the pajama bottoms of as well and laid on the bed for a while longer, wearing nothing at all but a satisfied grin on her face.