 I have worked for the local toy/hobby shop for a few years now. The guy who I was taking over from told me that I would see some lovely "yummy mummies." as he called them. He was so right! Within the first week I was introduced to the flasher, she was in her mid to late 30s, mousey hair, not brilliantly good looking. She always comes in to the shop in long loose one piece dresses. The first time I served her was in the jigsaw puzzle area, she came over to pay, put her handbag on the floor then bent to get her purse out. She was bra less and I was treated to a lovely view of her tits as she bent, they were a good size and even hanging they were very nicely sized and shaped. She paid and repeated the show slowly replacing her purse into the handbag then thanked me. 

"No" I said "Thank you, its very nice to see you." 

I think she understood what I meant. She repeats the show every week or two. On one occasion she came in wearing a knee length dress. We have the jigsaw puzzles stacked from the floor up and she was sitting on the floor looking at the bottom of a stack, she then called me over to help, she wanted one puzzle from the bottom so I sat on the floor and retrieved the puzzle for her, when she took it from me, shuffled a little and parted her knees flashing her crotch and pussy at me. She has a hairy pussy and I could see that she was wet. Just then someone wanted to pay so I had to get up, just my luck!! She still pops into the shop but she only flashes her boobs. Another regular customer, Ann, is a short blonde woman, in her early 40s who comes in with her son and while he looks at the model kits she chats to me. This soon turned into flirting somehow. One occasion her son wanted to look at a kit that was on the highest shelf, I got the steps and climbed up, on my way down I felt a pair of hands on my ass. 

"Let me help you down wouldn't want you to fall and hurt yourself." she giggled.

From that day on our flirts got a little more dirty. One day, for some bizarre reason, we were talking about motor racing.

"I was employed as a grid girl when I was younger." she told me.

"Really?" I didn't believe her.

"I'll bring some photos in tomorrow." 

The next day I didn't think she would appear but in the afternoon she did and produced a packet of photos. Sure enough there were pictures of her in skin tight blue jump suits at different motor racing circuits, as I flicked through I came across one of her topless.

"I don't think you want me to see this one." I handed her the photo.

"Oh that was a long time ago, I had a nice looking body back then." she held the picture for me to see again.

"There's nothing wrong with it now." I flirted.

"You old smoothie."

A couple of weeks went by and she came in on a Saturday.

"I have a problem, do you know anyone who could fix a model railway?" she asked.

"I do." I replied pointing at my chest. 

"Fantastic, Joe's has stopped working. Do you do home visits?"

We arranged a time for the weekend and costs. I arrived with a few tools and she opened the front door dressed in a summery skirt and lose top.

"Come in, do you want to get down to it?" she asked. 

I resisted the answer that was on my tongue and followed her upstairs. She opened a door and gestured for me to enter closing the door behind us, I could see no model railway.

"Joe's railway works fine, its me that needs a little fixing."

I was a little taken aback at first. 

"If you'd told me that I would still have been here." I replied. 

"I know, but by doing things this way if your wife asks anyone at the shop it will seem ligt, and I'll pay you as well." 

I put my tools down. 

"Now, as I'm paying I will tell you what I want, OK?" 

"OK." this sounded interesting. 

"Strip off and lie on your back on the bed." she watched as I stripped, and my cock was already getting hard.

"I don't want you to inside me, but I want an orgasm."

"That should be interesting" I watched her strip "So no penis insertion?" 

"You got it, fingers or tongue, but no penis" 

She was naked by now and I lay on the bed admiring her body. She had kept her figure, her tits were still firm and she had a nicely trimmed Bush. 

"OK, now you lie down. " I rolled onto my side. 

"Yes Mr bossy" She lay on her back "will this do sir?" 

"Perfectly" I started running my fingers all over her. 

"Ooo, that's nice, you don't need to rush, Joe is at his dad's today" my fingers brushed her nipples "mmmm, more like that please" 

I took one between my thumb and forefinger and gently rolled it, my other hand was slowly moving down her body stopping every so often. I sat up on my knees and resumed my playing, my right hand was just above her public region and I kept moving my little finger down then back up, just touching her pubic hair. I then slid my hand down and cupped her, this raised a gasp from her, so I slid a finger down between her pussy lips. 

"Oh shit that's good!" her hips lifted to meet my fingers. 

Taking one nipple into my mouth I began to suck gently at first but sucking harder and harder, after a few seconds I let my finger rest against her clit, I released her nipple and slowly dragged my tongue down her body, as it slid over her clit she took in a deep breath. I started to lick at her and each time I touched her clit she let out a little moan. I then put my finger tip on her opening and swirled it around, just sliding it in to her before pulling it out, then repeating, just the finger tip in. The teasing seemed to be driving her mad, she was moaning constantly and her hands were pulling the sheet away from the bed. 

"Stop, stop." she said. Then her hands we were pulling at me. 

"Forget what I said, I want you inside me!" 

"I haven't got any condoms, have you?" I told her. 

"Oh for god's sake just fuck me!" 

Always happy to oblige, as soon as the head of my cock got close to her waiting cunt she lifted her hips and I was inside her. 

"Oh fuck!"

As I was too soon find, Ann spoke eloquently in public, but in bed she preferred profanity. I pushed as deeply as I could into her soaking wet pussy. 

"Don't move" she had her hands on my hips "I want to feel your cock filling my cunt!" 

I was a little amused at her language and immensely turned on. I pulled slowly out and slammed back into her. 

"Fuck! Yes fuck me, fuck me hard!" 

She shouted so loudly that I was sure her neighbours must have heard her. 

"Faster, fuck me faster!" 

I was slamming hard into her as fast as I could making the bed bang against the wall, I thought that someone would soon be hammering back to tell us to shut up. 

"Come on you fucking shit, make me cum!" she yelled again. 

I pulled out of her and got off the bed. 

"What the fuck are you doing!" she said. 

Without replying I grabbed her ankles and pulled her to the edge of the bed, as her ass was just in the right place I lifted her legs up grabbed her ass in both hands and pushed my cock into her. 

"Fuck yes!" she yelled. 

She lifted her legs up and with one hand under her ass I started to fuck her. Within a few second my hand was soaking wet, she producing so much juice! 

"That better?" I asked her. 

"Fuck yes, make me cum, fuck that's good!" 

I picked up speed and pretty soon I knew I was getting close to an orgasm. Her ass was so wet I was beginning to have problems holding on to her. 

"Yes, harder I'm cuming!" she said. 

I was going as fast as I could, she was getting tighter and tighter, suddenly she let out the weirdest noise and started to squirt, I thought she was pissing on me then my own orgasm hit me. 

"Yes,, that feels fucking dirty, keep your cock there, fill me you dirty bastard!" she had lowered her voice. 

We stayed locked together until she looked at me a little sheepishly. 

"I'm so sorry, I wasn't going to have sex with you but you were so good with your tongue. I'm sorry about my appalling language, I just get carried away" she looked between her legs, my twitching cock was still inside her "that looks so sexy but I am wet from the waist down and need to clean up." 

I lowered her on to the bed and my cock slid out of her. She rolled off the bed and went to the bathroom. I found and sat on a dry bit of bed. I was amazed at the way she had changed but more so that I had finally found a squirter, I'd read about this but never had a woman who did. She came back in still nude and picked up her clothes. I washed and after I dressed she made coffee. 

"Here take this, I was going to pay you £20.00 but you were so good take £40.00" she held out the money "You were worth it and his trains may need your help again soon."

I took the money and on the way home I realised that I had just become a male prostitute!! We continued meeting for well over 18 months until she moved out of the town. Another female customer, let's call her Pat, came in regularly with her son and daughter. Her son is a fantastic model maker and was always asking for hints and tips. Pat is tall, she must be 6 foot 2 at the least, has short dark hair and a fine almost elf like face. When ever she comes in we always have a chat but I get the feeling she likes to keep her distance. One Saturday the kids came in with their father, David, and within a few minutes I hated the man. He was nasty to his kids, rude to them and treated them like shit, the language he used when talking to them was appalling, I was about to ask him to stop swearing when he virtually dragged his kids out. The following Friday Pat came in with the kids, I had to speak to her just to find out what his problem was. 

"Yes he has turned nasty, that's why he is my soon to be ex husband." she told me. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry." I said. 

"You don't need to apologise, thank you for thinking of my children." 

Things went back to normal, the three of them visited the shop at least once a week, then for about 6 weeks there was no sign of them. One Friday after work I was walking through a car park and I saw Pat trying to get her car open. 

"Hi, having car trouble?" I asked 

As I got closer I could see that she was swaying and then the smell of booze hit me. 

"Let me help" she grunted something and passed the keys "should have this open in a jiffy." 

I held on to the keys. 

"Why don't you let me drive you home?" I asked her. 

She was leaning against the car next to hers. After a few seconds she nodded so I helped her into the passenger seat before I climbed in. I asked her where she lived, luckily it was on my way home. As I pulled up into the drive of her house she was falling asleep and I had difficulty keeping her awake. I got her into the front room of the house and onto the sofa. 

"I suppose you want to fuck me now?" She slurred. 

"Don't be silly, I just want to make sure you're OK." 

She mumbled something and fell asleep. The room was a mess, I don't think it had been cleaned for weeks. I left a note with my mobile number asking her to contact me when she felt better. That night as I walked my dog my mobile rang, it was a number I didn't recognise but I answered the call. 

"This is Pat" there was a pause "did you drive me home?" 

"I did, are you OK?" 

"Did anything happen?" she sounded vague. 

"No, I took your car keys off you, drove you home, made sure you got in and were safe, then I left." 

"Is that all?" 

"Yes, I promise. Listen you don't sound too well, do you want phone me when you feel better?" 

"That would make sense, are you sure that's alright?" she replied. 

"I'm sure, I wouldn't have left my number if I wasn't." 

"OK." and she hung up. 

I thought that was that, good deed done, end of story. Two nights later Pat rang again. 

"How can I repay you for your kindness?" she asked. 

"Stay off the drink or at least get a taxi home if you get into the same situation." 

"OK" she sounded a bit happier "I feel so stupid, I drank so much I don't remember what I did." 

"Do you remember getting to your car?" 

"No." 

I told her what had happened when I found her up to the point I left her. 

"I remember someone helping me and grabbing my backside" She paused "Did I ask you if you wanted to have sex with me?" 

"Sorry that was me grabbing you to get you out of the car and yes you did ask, but not so eloquently." 

"Oh shit." she fell silent. 

"Listen if you don't mention me grabbing you backside I will forget what you said, deal?" 

"Thank you, I appreciate that" 

"Can I ask why you had got that way?" There was a pause "Birthday or something?" I continued. 

"No, just problems." 

"Well if you want to talk about it let me know, I have been told I'm a good listener." 

"Let me think about it." and she hung up on me again. 

About a week later she rang me at work 

"Listen, I know it's been a while, but can I take you up on your offer?" she asked. 

I had to think hard about what I'd offered her, then I remembered. 

"Of course you can." 

We arranged for me to stop off on my way home. 

When I got there the house had been cleaned and Pat looked so much better than that last time I saw her. She told me that her divorce was going badly and that her husband had taken the children away from her and that he would only give her the children back if she took him back. At this point she burst into tears and I hugged her until she stopped, I told her that she should see a solicitor and get it sorted. She thanked me and I went home. Later I had a text from her... "Thank you. You were so helpful see you very soon." I didn't think any more of it. About two weeks later as I left the shop I nearly walked into Pat. 

"Hello, wow! Look at you!" I said. 

She was wearing a white one piece summer dress that showed off her figure and heels that made her so tall I realised I was looking up to her. 

"Thank you" she smiled "Can we talk?" 

"Sure, here or is there some place you'd like to go?" 

"Make you a coffee at my place?" she suggested. 

I agreed, as we walked to her car we chatted. When we got into the car she took off her shoes and drove bare footed. I had a hard time keeping my eyes off her legs, they are great and I have to admit that I was getting turned on, which is strange as I always thought I was a boob man. We got to hers and she put her shoes back on. She made coffee and we sat next to each other and chatted. She told me all about how things were going and that she was getting her kids back. 

"My feet are killing me" she slipped the shoes off "I don't normally wear heels." 

"I have been told I give a good foot massage if you'd like one." 

"I can't ask you to rub my feet!" she gave me a strange look. 

"Why not?" 

"I don't know, why would you do that?" she was smiling. 

"Perhaps I'm a sucker for a damsel in distress" I put my coffee down "I can sit on floor?" 

"No, can you do them if I lift my foot onto your lap?" 

"Of course I can." I turned my body to face her. 

She lifted her right foot up and put her heel straight on to my semi hard cock. 

"Oh, sorry." She lifted her foot up briefly, then put it back. 

"Do you get turned on by feet?" she asked. 

She kept pressing down onto my hardening dick. 

"No." I hadn't moved. 

"So what has got you hard!" 

She slid her foot lower and was now using her toes to squeeze my rapidly hardening cock. 

"Do I need to answer that?" 

"No" she looked at me "Can I see what you look like please?" 

I nodded. She put her foot down and reached over, unzipped my jeans and pulled my stiff cock out. 

"Oh your uncircumcised!" she said in a hushed voice. 

She wrapped her hand around my cock then pulled the foreskin back, her thumb rubbing the head gently. She then released my dick and started to tug at my jeans. 

"Why don't I take them off?" I stood and pulled them down. 

"Oh wow, yours looks thicker than I have seen, you must be 8 inches long!" she now stood next to me. 

"I wish, 6 and a bit inches. How many men have you been with?" 

"Only my husband." 

I didn't know how to reply to that. 

"Was he a good lover?" I stood with my cock twitching. 

"I have no idea." she was watching me. 

"Would you like to find out?" I was taking a risk. 

"Do I have to suck you first." she hadn't taken her eyes off my cock. 

"Not if you don't want to, just do what you want." 

She took my hand. 

"Yes, upstairs." 

I reached down and pulled my trousers up with one hand. She silently guided me up stairs, opened a door and toward a bed. As we stood at the end of the bed I put my hands on her shoulders and turned her slowly around, then I began unbuttoning her dress. When I reached the last one just above her buttocks I slid my hands inside and ran them up her back to her bra, then turned her to face me, pushing the shoulder straps away the dress fell to the floor leaving her in her bra and panties. 

"I don't know what to do!" she looked embarrassed. 

"What did you do with David?" I asked. 

"He would make me suck him and then he'd have sex with me." 

"What did he do for you?" 

"Nothing." 

"What! Didn't he make sure you enjoyed it?" 

"No I had to use my fingers for that." 

I was flabbergasted, its the 21st century and there were still men who treated their wives like this! 

"OK, I want you to tell me what you want to do, what you want me to do for you" she was looking into my face "Anything you want, OK?" 

"Really anything at all?" I nodded "okay please could you run your hands over my back again?" 

She turned around. I started on her shoulders gently trailing my fingers over her skin. As I got to the nape of her neck I watched as goosebumps formed. Looking down I admired her tight bum, small and nicely formed I looked forward to playing with it. As I caressed her neck with my left hand I trailed the fingers of my right hand down her spine.

"Thats so nice" 

I continued gently stroking her back for a while, then moved my hands to her bra which I undid then pushed the straps away and gently caressed her skin. She turned towards me and let the bra drop to the floor. I looked at her large beautiful breasts. Her nipples were dark, almost chocolate colour and her left breast was noticeably smaller than her right. 

"Take your clothes off." she stepped back. 

She watched as I stripped, biting her lower lip. I was now naked, without saying a word she pulled her panties down. We stood looking at each other, she has the thickest, blackest pubic hair I have ever seen. 

"How should we do this?" she asked me. 

"That's all up to you"I smiled at her" Is there something you have always wanted to try? "

"Not really thought about it much" she looked embarrassed "would you let me be on top?" 

"What ever you want." l lay on the bed. 

She got on the bed and straddled me. 

"I may not like this, so I may change my mind, is that OK?" 

"Of course it is, I want you to do what you want and enjoy it." 

She grabbed my cock and I felt her soaking cunt around the head before she lowered herself on to it, she was tight, hot and wet. She didn't move for sometime. Then she started to use the muscles in her pelvic area to squeeze and pull my cock. 

"If you want me to move, I will." 

"As I said, you do what you want." I reached up and cupped her tits. 

She let out a low moan and lifted herself slowly off my cock. I watched as she turned around. She slowly took my cock inside her and paused. 

"I have never had time to feel a man inside me." she started to squeeze me again. 

She started a slow movement up and down my cock, a little at first then pulling herself higher and getting faster. 

"You are so tight" I said and let out a groan. 

"I... think... I'm... coming!" she was gasping between words. 

I was astonished at how quick she was but was determined to let her enjoy herself before me. 
