 Continuing the story of teacher Jenny and her ex-student Michael. Michael introduces Jenny to his school friends, and Jenny surprises herself with her own abilities.





Chapter 6 – Meetings and Revelations

As the day had gone on, I couldn't help myself, and I kept thinking about my lovely Michael and how I could hopefully impress both him and his friends this evening. I wanted to show off for him. I wanted him to feel proud to be seen with me. I had kept the same forest-green dramatic smoky eye makeup deliberately for the evening because it was what Michael had chosen for me that morning, just adding some extra coats of mascara. However, finding the right clothes to go with the forest-green smoky look makeup-style had been more difficult. Green wasn't a colour of eye shadow I wore very often, and it had limited my clothing choices considerably. Eventually I had gone with a coppery orangey-red coloured faux-silk cocktail dress. It was probably over-dressing a little for just an evening at a pub, but I'd just figured "what the heck" and gone with it. The orange-red colour was the best I could find in my wardrobe to work with the green and bronze eye makeup, as I didn't have any green clothes that seemed right. So I went with a complementary colour instead, and it was close enough to the copper-bronze highlighting eye shadow that I thought it worked as a complete outfit.

It was a backless halter-neck mini-dress that was cut extremely low at the back, very nearly exposing the top of my bum-crease. There was no way I could wear a bra with it as the front was basically just two wide strips of material that came up from the waistband of the skirt, covered my breasts, barely as it was also slashed almost to the waist at the front too, and exposed a goodly amount of cleavage, before they went around the back of my neck. Actually I was perilously close to needing some toupee-tape to hold it in place and not risk my breasts slipping out unexpectedly, but I didn't want to hinder Michael's access to my breasts if he wanted. The loose skirt was quite short too, coming down to a couple of inches above the middle of my thighs. The extremely low-cut back, little skirt, and plunging front meant that there really was quite a lot of flesh on show. Thankfully it looked likely to be a warm and balmy summer evening.

I had deliberated long and hard about whether to go bare-legged, or whether to wear stockings. In the end I had split the difference, and I had on a pair of fence-net style fishnet hold-up stockings. I was certainly never, ever going to wear ugly and restrictive tights, or pantyhose as Americans like to call them. However, unfortunately the back of my dress was so low that my much-preferred option of a suspender-belt, also called a garter-belt to Americans, would have shown above the scooped out back. Whilst I wouldn't have minded that as such, in fact I kind-of liked the idea of showing off that I was wearing a suspender-belt, however, it wasn't the look I was going for tonight. I wanted something slightly more classy and slightly less slutty tonight. Don't get me wrong, I positively enjoy dressing slutty occasionally, it's great fun and very exciting and I certainly wanted to give Michael a visual treat, but there was a time and place for everything. So for tonight, hold-ups it was. Michael would see me in a super-slutty look another day. I smiled at the idea, already planning ahead and mentally going through my wardrobe and especially my most recent purchases.

The hem of my dress for tonight was just barely long enough to hide the stocking-tops. There was the very merest flash of the dark stocking-top band with each step when I walked, and at least an inch or more of stocking-top showed if I wasn't very, very careful when I sat down. But I was excited as the wide fence-net stockings gave me a great excuse to also wear the black suede five-inch heeled ankle-strap sandals with the small platform that I'd bought that second time Michael and I had met in town. For knickers I had carefully selected one of my more expensive, and tiny, black lace g-string thongs. It had an elegant diamante-jewelled T-clasp at the back where the strings came together. It was the best solution to a slightly awkward practical problem of the very low-cut back of the dress. If I wasn't careful when I sat down, I could easily flash the top of my knickers above my bum; but with these, if I did then at least it was something pretty, feminine, and delicate that got flashed, and not anything ugly or boring.

The halter neck of the dress meant that I couldn't really wear a necklace with it – it would most probably get caught in the straps that went round the back of my neck. So I made do with several gold rings on my fingers, a gold ankle chain round my left ankle, and some huge beaten-copper disc earrings. They were thankfully lighter than they looked, almost four inches in diameter and hung from my ears on standard fish-hooks. They banged against my neck and shoulders seductively with every slightest movement. I left my hair long and loose about my shoulders and down my back, as I had the previous evening.

I had reapplied the same deep-copper metallic lipstick from the morning, and also added a touch of a subtle bronze highlighter to my cheeks too - it was an evening event after all. A quick squirt of perfume, then I grabbed my goes-with-everything black leather handbag with the gold-chain shoulder-strap, and stuffed my usual minimal evening-kit into it. Phone, keys, purse, basic makeup and nail repair-kit, perfume, hairbrush, tissues. I was feeling just a little nervous about meeting his friends for the first time, so I also grabbed my sunglasses, with big "Jackie Kennedy" style oversized lens, and tucked them into my hair on top of my head. I was ready to go.

As I had now come to expect, Michael arrived exactly on time, and so I had to be conscientious to be ready in time. We kissed long and deeply in greeting. I relished the feeling of my lipsticked lips slick against his as our tongues swirled together. I loved this taste. His hands now freely explored my body as we kissed, and I clung to him as if it had been a week since I'd last seen him. With one arm around my back pulling me in to him, his other hand caressed my breasts through the silky material. I had thrown both arms around his neck to help pull me high enough to kiss him, but now I let one hand wander down to feel for his cock through his trousers. When I had grasped him tightly through the material and gotten him suitably hard, I teasingly let him go and we broke apart, panting slightly. Michael took a long lingering look up and down my body, taking in every detail of my makeup, hair, clothes, and shoes.

"You're just beautiful." He murmured. "Oh yes, and I like the shoes." He said knowingly, and gave me a little wink as he nodded towards my feet.

"I should hope so! You helped me choose them after all." I kidded in return, and we laughed at our little private joke. We headed out to his car hand in hand. The wide smile on his face said it all.

As he drove, I swiftly refreshed my copper-coloured lipstick in the sun-visor mirror. Our kissing had done some damage, and I needed to make sure I was looking my best when I met his friends. I admit I was actually a little nervous. I wasn't sure who his friends might be, or how they might react to us being together.

