 Kim and I were married – not to each other mind you. Kim and Dave were neighbours to Pam and I, and we got together often. Not 'that' kind of get together, just evenings together playing board games or watching movies.

Kim was the sexiest woman I knew. Some women are nice to look at, but a few women rouse primal lust in men, Kim was one. My wife Pam is good looking, but Kim was more than just attractive: the way she carried herself when she walked, how she laughed, her facial expressions - all exuded sexuality and I constantly fantasized about her – never assuming that there would come a day.....

About a year ago, Dave announced he was getting a promotion at work, so we had them over for a little celebration. We bought some champagne and made a big dinner for them. As we ate and drank the champagne soon ran out and we switched to harder drinks. Dave told us he was going to have to be out of town about one week a month with his new position; his first trip would be the week after next.  

"How do you feel about being left alone while Dave is away" Pam asked Kim. 

"I don't know – I'll have to find something to keep me busy I guess".  

'I could DEFINATLY keep you busy', ran through my mind as I once again envisioned Kim and I in the throws of passion.  

"....Brent....Brent!" came through the fog. "Did you hear me?" Pam asked. 

"Oh, uh, sorry....Daydreaming" I replied. 

"Dave was saying that Kim may need your help with the lawn and stuff when he is away. You'll help won't you?" 

"Oh, sure" 

"It's just that I hate using that riding mower", Kim said. 

"Tell you what – if I can use your riding mower to cut my lawn, I'll do yours too." 

"Deal", Dave answered, "while I'm away, anything of mine is yours to use – help yourself".  

'If only...', I thought subtly leering at Kim as I continued my fantasy ...  

I never thought about the lawn again until it was a few weeks later. On a Tuesday evening, after dinner my wife was leaving for her night shift, she mentioned that I should get the lawns cut.  

"You promised Dave and Kim you'd cut theirs as well" she added as she stepped out.  

I got changed into some shorts and a T-shirt and headed over to Kim's to borrow the riding lawn mower. I was looking forward to seeing Kim again, but had no idea how this evening was going to turn out.  

As I stepped up to the back door, I straightened my shirt and pressed the doorbell.  

"Who is it?" Kim called from inside. 

"Brent" I answered. 

"Oh, c'mon in Brent. I'll be right there."  

I opened the door and stepped inside. I could smell the scent of Kim's perfume and although I'd been in this house many times, I realized it has always been the four of us – never Kim and I alone.  

Kim appeared down the hallway and as always she looked delicious. "Sorry, I was just putting on some laundry. Excuse the way I look, these are my exercise clothes, I was just about to do a little work out". 

"You look great. Where do you work out?"                                                          

"Well, thanks." She smiled. "I just work out here at home, I have a few exercise videos that I use. It's probably not as effective as joining a club or something but I can do it whenever I have time." 

"I would guess you find the time often enough - lookin' good in that spandex" I ventured, immediately worried that I had spoken my fantasy life too far into reality.  

Kim smiled blushing slightly then responded, "Well thanks Brent - I do what I can" then with a provocative change in her tone she added, "I'm glad you noticed – it's nice to be appreciated" as she turned to reach something in the cupboard. 

As she reached high in the cupboard her shirt was drawn up and I had a great view of that perfect little bum snuggled into her tight shorts. I couldn't help but stare at the gentle curve of her backside and how the spandex, tight as it was, defined the cheeks of her ass.  I've always been an ass man, and more than once I have stared at Kim's gorgeous backside in awe. The spandex she wore now was a treat however, and I could not break my eyes away – I was mesmerized - and then, as she turned her head to me, I was also caught. 

As soon as I saw her looking my way I quickly looked up her face, but I was sure I had been caught with my hand in the cookie jar so to speak. Her expression showed no anger or embarrassment though, a mischievous grin actually spread across her lips. I wanted to say something to relieve the tension I felt and retain some dignity, but she beat me to it. 

"Yep....it's sure nice to be appreciated", she repeated with a giggle. 

I'm sure my face was blood red with embarrassment, and I stammered to say something. "Um..um..." I felt like an idiot. 

Kim laughed "Don't be embarrassed Brent. If it bothered me that you were looking at my ass I would have told you long ago. This isn't the first time I've seen you do it, it's just the first time you knew I caught you." 

"You must think I'm some kind of a perv - I'm sorry if I embarrassed you". 

"Really Brent, it's ok – kinda flattering actually - and there are worse perversions than looking. Besides I haves been ogled by men since I was 15, and I never felt threatened by you or anything – relax. Now, I can't speak for Dave and Pam mind you, but since Dave is in Europe he can't say much right now." she grinned, then added "Where is Pam tonight?" 

"Just left for the hospital, working tonight. " I added, my mind still racing. "She reminded me to cut the grass before she left." 

"Ahh," Kim replied, "you came to borrow the mower, and here I thought you were just here to visit", she pretended to whine. 

"Well, the lawn isn't THAT bad" I replied, matching her grin. 

"Oh good, it's been way too quiet around here with Dave gone. Would you like a drink?" 

"Sure, whatever you're going to have" I responded as I slipped off my sneakers and followed her toward the den. As she led down the hall she reached behind her with both hands and playfully pulled her shirt down to cover her ass. She looked over her shoulder, giggling and scurrying down the hall. 

"Ha-ha", I said, "Now I don't feel embarrassed at all" 

"He-he...a girl can't be too careful" she responded, "some men can't control themselves......How is your willpower Brent?" she asked as she playfully slid her shirt up displaying that beautiful ass." 

"Well, I promise not to touch, I can't promise not to look....." 

"Ha-ha...good answer" she replied as we stepped into the den. 

Kim poured us each a drink of vodka and 7, handed me one and invited me to sit on the couch as she dropped into the loveseat. 

"So how have you been making out with Dave away?" 

"Oh, ok I guess, little lonely is all" 

"I imagine. When is he due home" 

"Day after tomorrow, I have a big welcome home planned for him." 

"Really?" 

"Yep, making a big dinner and then a romantic evening at home" 

"Absence makes the heart grow fonder, they say" 

"Not just the heart" she winked and giggled. 

"Now don't go there.....I'm still feeling embarrassed about being caught looking, and here we are alone, I don't need to envision what you have 'growing fonder'." 

"Oh, sorry – make you uncomfortable?" 

"Well I wouldn't say 'uncomfortable'; it's just that I'm afraid what I might say." 

"Ok", she half pouted "but I would like to have a man's perspective on what would be a 'good' romantic evening, but if it would bother you I'll have to wing it". 

"No, it's ok....I'd love to help but ....have you got some ideas?" 

"Oh lots." She seemed excited to share them; "I even went shopping" she smiled coyly.  She stood and I thought she was going to show me what she had shopped for, but she held up her empty glass, "Another drink?" 

"Sure" I answered "What kind of shopping" 

"Well....let's see......a few things......" she hesitated as she returned with the drinks.  She returned to her seat and continued, 

"Um, let me ask this right up front, I hope you aren't embarrassed but are you and Pam adventurous in bed?" 

"Um..Uh.." I stammered, "not as much as I would.....umm, why do you ask?" 

"Um...because......," she paused then leaned toward me and lowered her voice in a more secretive tone, "Brent we've been friends for quite a while, can we decide that this conversation is just between us and we have to be honest." I nodded and she continued, "I have occasionally talked to women about these things, but never a man. I'd love to know your point of view." 

"Sure..." 

"We'll keep it to ourselves?" she asked with a look that no man would be able to resist. 

"Absolutely." 

"Great!" she seemed excited. "Well,...I might as well start at the start...." she said. "I am a very sexual person, the problem is - Dave isn't." 

"Ahhhhh, I see" I replied. "Was he ever?" 

"When we were dating he wanted sex almost as much as I did, but it was never erotic." 

"Erotic?" 

"Ummm....this is cool being so open," Kim smiled her eyes wide with excitement of telling her deep secrets, "I mean erotic things in bed, you know, ummm....oral sex, toys, that kinda thing." She appeared to need to get these words out. 

"I know what you're saying, and I can sympathise – around our house it's been 'wham bam thank-you ma'am' for a long time." 

"Exactly!" Kim replied. "It is so cool to have someone to talk to about this, especially someone who can relate." Kim looked thoughtful for a bit and then started to laugh. 

"What?" 

"I guess that might explain why you are always checking me out when you think nobody is looking – you are not getting enough at home" She giggled. 

"Well, I guess that is part of it......" I responded still slightly embarrassed, "...but, since we promised to be honest, mainly I look because you are the sexiest woman I know and it's almost impossible for me not to look." I added with a grin, "Maybe subconsciously I can sense that you aren't getting enough either." 

She smiled broadly "Thank you Brent. And so far as getting enough ... I'm not...believe me!" 

"A beautiful woman like you that needs more attention might be prone to cheating – have you ever?" 

"No. Temped a few times though.." 

"Well if you don't fool around, how do you get rid of your 'tension'.....exercise videos? I chuckled. 

"That helps, but sometimes not enough." 

"So...?" 

"So...?", she mimicked as she blushed, grinning. 

"Well ll ll ll ll?.... What do you do" I grinned appearing innocent. 

"You know very well what I do – likely the same thing you do....." she replied, embarrassed but obviously enjoying the conversation. I decided to let her off the hook and not make her say. 

"Oh...." I answered appearing to just catch on "You mean masturbate. Yep I do that often enough." 

Kim laughed out loud. "I can't believe where this conversation has gone." she said.  "Well, since we promised to be honest – I do too" she added with laughter that was tinged with embarrassment. 

The mental image of Kim masturbating came immediately to mind, and the reaction in my shorts was also instantaneous. 

"Does Dave know you 'play'?" 

"No, I think it would insult him if he knew I needed more." 

"Um, maybe. So how do you get away with it?" 

"Hey, how did this get to be about my masturbating?" she asked playfully. 

"Oh, sorry," I laughed, "Just intrigues me. Envisioning a beautiful woman ...ummm... 'enjoying herself' is what I do when I play.... I wanted to get the details right" I smiled. 

"Good answer", she giggled, then as she squirmed in her seat a bit, she added, "I guess that's another thing we have in common" 

"Really?" 

"Uh huh," then she added with a grin; "except, of course, I picture a man playing" she giggled, looking at me out of the corner of her eye while finishing her drink. 

She held up her glass, "Again?" 

"Sure", but I have to use the washroom – be right back." 

"K, I have to change over the laundry as well, make yourself comfortable." 

I returned to the den and waited for Kim. Sipping my drink I could taste the vodka in it.  Kim was pouring heavy and had been obviously teasing me sexually. I knew she was horny enough to be seduced, but if anything happened tonight I wanted it to be mutual. I didn't need her feeling like I had taken advantage of her, basically I wanted her to want me as much as I did her. 

After a few minutes I heard Kim come down the hall behind me. 

"So Brent", she called, "You promised to give me your opinion of what you would consider romantic......" 

"That's right I did" I responded. 

"Ok... a promise is a promise....." 

I wondered what she was getting at, but as she entered the room and came into my field of view I knew. She was wearing a housecoat that covered her from neck to knee.... I was dying to know what was under it. Even covered up she looked incredibly sexy. Her hair fell over her shoulders and she her face was that of an angel.... an angel with the most intriguing mischievous grin. 

"What other promises did you make?........." she asked in that delightfully naughty tone. 

"um....to be honest?" 

"Uh, huh.....aaaand?" 

"Umm......" I didn't know what she was getting to. "Oh, right" I remembered, "Look, but don't touch..." 

"Right!" she laughed. 

"Well if you have on under that housecoat, what I think you have on under that housecoat - I'll defiantly be looking, and I am sure I can be honest about what I see.....but not touching.....you might be asking too much..." I answered with a smile. 

"Well if you can't PROMISE not to touch I guess I'll have to go change....no looking for you...." she teased as she started to turn around to leave the room. 

"I promise...I promise!" 

"Well ll ll ......Ok......if you promise......" she answered then she slowly turned her back to me and while looking at me seductively over her shoulder she opened the tie on the housecoat. It fell open around her. She shrugged one shoulder then the other. The housecoat fell down her back, now only held up by the sleeves on her arms. The flesh of her upper back was exposed and as she looked into my eyes over her shoulder. She must have seen the excitement in my face – the smile on her face broadened and the mischief in her eyes grew as she continued to lower the housecoat down her back. 

As more of her back became visible, I could see the light negligee underneath becoming exposed. It was a light material and coal black on her pale white skin. I felt a lurch in my loins and could feel my cock start to grow in my shorts as she revealed her full back to me. 

Kim winked at me then, and dropped her arms – the weight of the housecoat did the rest. Suddenly the housecoat was on the floor – Kim was now before me barely covered by the thin negligee. 

The smile on her face grew with appreciation as a gasp escaped from me. She paused for a moment allowing my eyes to take it all in, then spoke in an exaggerated sexy voice "So....do you think that this outfit would be a good start to a romantic evening?" 

I was completely speechless. I had fantasized for months about Kim - imagining what she would look like naked. She stood in front of me not naked – better. Her tight little bum, visible under the thin mask of the negligee was defined by the thong that defined her ass , and then disappeared between those beautiful cheeks. The whole sight was almost more than I could take. I longed to reach out to her - here was my fantasy so close and I couldn't touch – agony!!! It was also physical agony as my now rigid cock strained for release from my shorts. 

Kim turned to me completing the vision. The light material covered her breasts but the round areoles were evident beneath it – and her little nipples were standing out displaying her own excitement.  

"OH man.....You're GORGEOUS!!!" I managed to say" 

"Awww, thank you....And.." she added as she looked obviously at my shorts, "You seem to have answered my question" 

I squirmed in my seat trying to relieve the pressure, "I guess so – you can't imagine how much you dressed like that turns me on, I envy Dave." 

"Do you?" she purred as she swayed and slowly turned in front of me – allowing, inviting me to see all I could. "What makes you envy Dave the most?" 

"All of you. Your pretty face, your tight little bum your lovely breasts – all of you – your sexy walk your sexy voice. It isn't just because you are turning me on A LOT right now ..... I've always thought so...." 

"MMmmmm. Flatterer. I love it!" she giggled. 

"I'm not just flattering you – honest. You said yourself you caught me watching you before." 

"Well how do I know that isn't something you do all the time...." she purred as she stepped across the room and turned her back to me. "Maybe you look at all the women's asses" she spoke as she deliberately wiggled her bum in front of me. 

My cock leaped at the display and a guttural moan escaped my throat "Oh...please don't.........That looks way way too good" 

Kim knew just what she was doing and was really enjoying being such a cock tease.  "Oh, I'm sorry...." she lied. "What looks 'too' good?" 

"Your ass.....I LOVE your ass. It wouldn't be as bad if I was going to get to touch it but ...... knowing it's off limits is torture." 

"Torture is it?" she teased bending over the coffee table for her drink. She took a long sip, and then looking over her shoulder at me she set down her drink and placed both hands on the table and gave her ass another wiggle. Her tight ass was within arms reach and it took more self control than I thought I could muster not to reach for it. My cock was begging for release – both from these shorts and from the cum building in my groin. 

She wiggled her ass a couple of more times and then rose to her full height again and turned to face me. "Well, since you are feeling tortured .... If you want I can go put on some other clothes and you can go cut the grass......." 

"Oh, no...please....I love looking at you. I could look at you all night. If only you knew how many times I wished I could see you like this...." 

"ohhhhh?.....is that right?" Kim asked? "How many times?" 

"hundreds.... To be honest, every time I've played for the last year it has been you I've fantasized about." 

"Oh? That is a beautiful thing to say..... Do you know what?" 

"What" 

"Knowing I have turned you on, is a HUGE turn on for me." 

"Really? That's good. It's nice to know that I'm not the only one being tortured." 



"Oh, this is a pleasant torture though, isn't it?" Kim smiled. "I'm afraid the torture is getting me too interested though, and I'm afraid we will overstep...... remember I told you that I have never cheated on Dave?" 

"Uh huh" 

"Well that is the truth. Have you ever cheated on Pam?" 

"Nope, but like you, I have been tempted" 

"Well I am VERY VERY horny right now, but I would still feel bad in the morning if we made love" she admitted with a guilty look. 

'Damn' I thought. I had never cheated on my wife, but would never have a chance to sleep with a woman that turned me on more than Kim. It looked like she had enjoyed teasing me but that was about as far as she wanted to go. 

"Well" I responded, "If that's the way you feel, I sure don't want to pressure you. But there is nothing I'd rather do more right now than make love to you. You have really REALLY turned me on" I was so horny I would have crawled over glass to touch her right now, but I didn't want to force her. 

"To be honest" she replied as she sauntered over to join me on the couch "seeing you so turned on has been as much a turn on for me ... I don't think a 'work out video' is going to relieve the tension tonight......" 

As she sat down she turned slightly to face me as we sat together on the couch. Her knee was drawn up slightly, which caused a slight gap between her legs. Through the light material of her negligee I could plainly see the thong covering her pussy. Since she had been so agreeable to my looking at her, I brazenly stared right at her crotch as I turned slightly on the couch to face her. She saw that I was looking, but never appeared to mind – it was if she expected it. 
