 She always smiled when she thought about that day, January 2nd, when she first saw him. It has been two years now and it seemed like yesterday. She offered to babysit her friend's son for the afternoon, as her friend was returning Christmas presents. Traci enjoyed being with her friend's son and the feeling was mutual. She looked at it as kind of a trial run for her when she had her own children and looked forward to these times when she got to spend quality time with Luke.

She thought about the dynamic between her friend and herself - they met when they both worked for a small computer marketing firm and they hit it off immediately. Although Diane was eleven years older than Traci, they had so much in common and each looked forward to seeing the other. Traci liked having an older friend who has gone through many of the things that she is going though now. Diane was raising her son without a man in her life and had been doing it for all of his twelve years.   Luke was getting restless and Traci was keenly aware that they had better find something to do - and fast. Although Luke was truly a great kid, as with any twelve-year-old, you had to keep him busy. They had finished lunch and were driving around hoping that something would pop up. Traci knew that she should have made plans, but time was at such a premium and she was still recovering from the holidays. Luke had already ruled out the movies, the Mall, anything to do with the library and video games, Traci was out of suggestions. Then it appeared like a beacon in the night -'pool hall - holiday rates'. Traci pulled in the parking lot, and much to her amazement, Luke was anxious to shoot pool. It was there she met John.

For him, it was just another wintry day, January 2nd, nothing special, just a day when he had a little free time after work and felt like he wanted to be out of the house. He had been in his current job for 16 years now and enjoyed all of the comforts that long-term employment affords - free time in the middle of the afternoon, being one of them. His dating situation was currently in limbo. When asked, he liked to say that he was at "loose ends" right now, meaning that he wasn't seriously seeing anyone.

John recently went to his sister's house for Christmas and it was a great time - family and friends were there and the kids were having the time of their lives. He rather enjoyed the feeling of being alone this year. It gave him a chance to observe, mingle and play with the kids. The affair was breaking up around 9, as kids had to sleep and some parents had to work the next day. John left with a full stomach and the feeling that it was much too early to return home to watch 'It's a Wonderful Life' for the third time this year. On his way home, he spotted a pool hall. "Geez", he thought, "I haven't played pool in ages, let's give this a whirl". He entered the pool hall and found that it was packed and when he shot for the next hour and it passed in an instant, he thought that it might be nice to get back into shooting again. So here it is, January 2nd, and he drive a few miles to the nearest pool hall and this is where he first sees Traci.

She sees him and watches him, but she doesn't let on. He is nice looking with light hair and blue eyes, he has a nice casual air about him, but there is also a quiet intensity when he shoots and can he ever shoot - he just doesn't miss. Traci is trying to be on her best behavior and is helping Luke with the finer points of the game, although she is being severely distracted by the stranger that is shooting two tables over. Traci watches the stranger bend over to attempt another shot, his tight behind prominently points in her direction and Traci stops in her tracks. She observes that he has a nice thin build, he is of medium height and she is very interested - the dampness between her legs is now confirming what she is already feeling. Here we go again, she thought ---

He immediately notices her as soon as he gets his rack of balls and goes to his table. She is gorgeous, exactly what he likes in a woman - blond, thin, beautiful hair, nice skin and teeth. She possesses a natural look that requires little or no makeup. He hardly notices the kid with her and when he does finally look at him, he is rather puzzled. The kid appears to be about thirteen and she doesn't seem old enough to have a child that age. At the present time, however, this is not a huge concern to John.

As he watches her, he is disappointed to see that she is never looking in his direction. He observes her talking and teaching her young companion and he likes the ease with which she smiles and how she interacts with him. She has a down-to-earth quality and a sensuality that he finds very arousing. The precum oozing out of his cock confirms that. John kind of smiles to himself and thinks how much he has to say to her, and yet, he has never even met her.

He is now looking at her every chance he gets, he notices that she has a beautiful ass with long legs. Her dress is casual, jeans and a sweatshirt - it really works for her. He wishes that she had worn something other than a sweatshirt though, to maybe get a better idea of what kind of tits she had. Suddenly, he strikes gold, as she straightens the rack of balls, her arms are pressed firmly against her sides and while she slowly positions the balls, her sweatshirt is pulled tight down the front of her body. John, of course, is observing this and thinking what they are going to name their first child. Much to his surprise and delight, her breasts are round, full and firm, the kind that he likes, with nipples so hard that you could hang your coat on. He wants to be with her ---

Traci has to go and so does Luke, it is late afternoon and she has a thousand things to do before she returns home. She had to meet this guy if it were the last thing that she ever did - there has to be a way. She collects the balls and puts them in the container to return to the front desk and deliberately walks right in his line of vision as he is shooting and looks at him for a second and then smiles and looks down at the table and leaves. That should do it, she thought, if he doesn't know that I'm interested, he is not alive. Luke and Traci leave the pool hall and Traci is wondering what kind of dick the stranger has in those blue jeans that he is wearing.

John sees that she is getting ready to leave and he is not happy about it, she is sexy, sensual and whose kid is that? He is bending down to make a rather difficult bank shot when he sees her walk right in front of the table, clearly in an attempt to get his attention - and it worked. He smiles back at her and she is gone. He realizes that he has been in a state of arousal for an hour.

The pool hall opens at 2 in the afternoon on the weekdays and Traci is there the next day, promptly at 2. She did have an interest in playing pool, but her real concern was seeing the stranger again. She was hoping that he returned today, she had been thinking about him since yesterday. She wondered if he was married or single? She wanted to know him and talk with him, but most of all she wanted to fuck his brains out. He turned her on and there weren't a lot of men who could do that to her. She had already masturbated three times last night before she went to sleep thinking about them together.

It had been awhile since Traci was last with a man and she was ready for this one. She knew that she was good in bed and she knew that she would do whatever he wanted her to do to please him. The images that she had of him as she played with herself made her mind and her heart race. Traci hoped to see him again ---

John worked his schedule so he would have the afternoon free, he had to go back to the pool hall on the off chance that this mysterious blond would be there again. He knew it was a longshot that she show up - things like this don't really happen to regular people, do they? It would sound like a letter to Penthouse, but hardly anyone believes those stories. As he drove to the pool hall, he thought about her. He thought about how he masturbated last night and shot the biggest load that he had ever seen - stream after stream of love juice came gushing out of his dick. The funny thing is, he was hard again in fifteen minutes, and had to jerk off again. She flat out turned him on and there was no getting around it. He hoped that she would be at the pool hall this day ---

Traci got her same table as yesterday and waited to see if he would show, it didn't take long for her wish to come true. The stranger came in at just after 2 and got his rack of balls, he came right up to her and asked if she wanted to shoot. His eyes locked onto hers and she almost came. She found him very sexy and good looking. He was friendly and smiled a lot and she liked the way that he looked her over without leering. Her nipples were giving her state of arousal away and she would have did him right then and there if he would have made a move. What I am going to do with these nipples she thought, he isn't within ten feet of me and I've got my high beams on. She hoped he liked the show that her big, thick nipples were giving him. She knew that she would fuck this guy all day and night.

John got to the pool hall at a little after two, and he saw her immediately. He was drawn to her and approached her as if it were a planned date. She was friendly, beautiful and there seemed to be a glow about her. He instantly liked her. He was so taken by her that he forgot why he was there. John felt as though he had known her his whole life, how is this possible, he thought. She shows a real interest in pool and he shows a real interest in her. He loves the way her nipples are constantly hard and his bulge is indicating his sexual interest to her. John wants her to suck his dick, he wants her to show him her pussy, he wants to please her and see her face when she comes.

They have a great time shooting pool and make plans to see each other the following day.

Traci was on her way to meet John and she was in seventh heaven. Maybe, she thought, this one will work out. He is educated, polite, sexy and a gentleman, she was already smitten. The problem, as she saw it, was that she needed some sexual relief. She had been constantly masturbating for two days now and her sexual feelings had taken over.

Traci kept thinking about what kind of cock John had in those jeans. She thought that since he wasn't a real big guy that he would probably be average size, which was fine with her. Since he was nice looking, she figured that his cock would be too. She kept thinking about those sexy images that she conjured up of him while she masturbated - she imagined that he would pose for her as she reclined on the bed, that he would flex his muscles while his cock stood straight out from his body, and that he would slowly jerk off for her while he talked to her - this was the point that she always made her come. She wanted him.

John smiled as he drove to meet Traci, he couldn't believe his good fortune. He knew that he would love her and that there was something special there. He wanted to make love to her today, but didn't want to seem only interested in her for sex. It would be hard to see her and not want to be with her though - he had been masturbating for two days now and had an ache for her that wouldn't go away.

John saw her as girlfriend material and maybe more, he couldn't believe that he had stumbled upon someone that was witty, intelligent, charming and sexy to boot. This should be interesting. The images of her that he jerked off to were almost too many to count - he saw her with big, hard nipples that she would love to have sucked as she sat on top of him and made him cum. He saw her on her knees, in front of his bedroom mirror, sucking his cock while she played with her pussy. He also imagined them about to make love with him on top and teasing her before he put his cock in her, rubbing the big head on her clit, asking her "how much dick do you want"? she would moan and say "I want it all" and thrust up to meet him - he always came at this point. John wondered what kind of lover Traci would be, although he had a pretty good idea.

Their date was nothing and everything. They really didn't do much - they talked, rode around, talked, parked and talked some more. They really got along great and it was obvious to both of them, that there was some serious sexual energy between them.


After they visited his old neighborhood, he asked if she would like to go back to his house, she immediately said yes. He showed her to the computer room and you could cut the sexual tension with a knife. Her nipples were hard the entire afternoon and he had to see them and suck them. His bulge was becoming more prominent and she couldn't wait to see that dick.

He asked her if he could kiss her and she offered her lips to him and he felt the most sensual kiss of his life. As their lips met, he slid his hands under her blouse and felt the soft, smooth skin of her back and her bra strap. They were both turned on and there was a serious lack of oxygen in the room. He leaned against his desk and turned her around so that her back was facing him.

He moved her beautiful blond hair away from the neck and gently kissed the back of her neck and ear - she was moaning slightly and he knew that she was his. He gently pushed his cock up against her ass to let her know that he was hard. As he did this, his hands feathered up to the points of her tits and felt her stiff nipples through her sheer bra. John pushed the tits together and made the nipples stand out, he then gripped them between his thumb and his forefinger and turned and pulled at them while he told her that she was going to be his woman. She moaned softly and was almost ready to cum.

Traci reached behind and grabbed his cock and was working it through his jeans. She was not surprised to find a huge wet spot at the head and couldn't wait to see her new lover's cock and balls. John kept kissing her neck and whispered in her ear that he was going to fuck her with his big, hard dick. Although this aroused Traci, she couldn't help but think that she wished she had a dollar for every guy who thought that he had a big dick - and didn't.

John's hands were doing their magic and left her nipples wanting more, but his hands stole down the front of her jeans to her sweet pussy. He groaned in appreciation as he felt her firm lower abs and the top of her pussy - she was going to a good fuck. Her hands started working his cock harder now and she wanted to take down the zipper. He suggested that they go to the bedroom and he led the way.

He told her to sit on the end of the bed as he pulled down his zipper and took of his jeans. He had a big, sexy bulge and Traci was ready to do what she was told. John made a show of taking down his boxers -he slowly pulled them down, hesitating at times, as he looked deeply into her eyes. He saw lust, he saw sex and he saw his woman. He was a foot from her face when he revealed himself to her and she gasped - "oh my god, you're beautiful". John looked down at his throbbing cock and it looked like someone had switched cocks with him. This one was long and full, thick with cum, a head that was red and purple and had cum oozing out of it. He never saw himself this aroused. He took his cock in one hand and with the other he ran it softly over her cheek and brushed her hair out of the way and said "open your mouth Traci" and she did. She sucked his dick like she never had before, she couldn't believe that a man of this size would have such a big, sexy cock on him - and she loved it. 

He had been leaking cum for awhile now, so Traci knew that it wouldn't take much for him to shoot his load - she wondered how he looked when he came. She wondered how his dick looked when it was shooting cum, she wondered if he would talk to her when he got ready to cum - she couldn't wait to find out.

It took all of his energy, but John managed to pull his dick out of Traci's mouth before he reached the point of no return. He took a short trip to the bathroom to get the vaseline so she could make his dick slippery as she sucked and stroked. John bent to kiss Traci and tasted himself in her mouth - it only aroused him further. As he put his cock back in her mouth, he reached behind her and undid her bra, he almost came right then as her two perfect tits tumbled out. They were just as he had imaged - full and round with the biggest, hardest nipples that he had ever seen. Just as the bra dropped away, she looked into his eyes and smiled and swirled her tongue around the head of his cock as she applied vaseline to the shaft. 

She could see it in his eyes that he was about to cum and her question of whether he would talk to her when he was about to cum was about to be answered. John's body was starting to shake and he thurst his hips into her face and he talked to her like she was his woman, "make me shoot a big load, babygirl", "show me how much you love my big dick", and "I'm going to make you suck my dick every time that you see me" was all Traci had to hear until she started to feel spasms in her pussy.

Traci sucked his dick harder and stroked it faster as he started to cum. Traci wanted to see this big dick give up its' prize, so she held it about six inches from her face and pointed it at her mouth and neck. At this point, as John started to cum, she was having mini-orgasms of her own and the whole scene was playing out like some masturbatory fantasy that she could never dream up.

Traci now realized that John had not yet cum and those spurts were only pre-cum flying out of his dick - she was going to relish this. She was now so overcome with lust, that she couldn't wait any longer for his big dick to cum. Traci looked into John's eyes and smiled slightly as she continued to stroke and lick him and said "show me baby" - and that did it for him. He came like he had never came in his life - long, thick streams of hot cum kept coming out of his dick -time after time he shot.

Traci loved this about him, as he came, she aimed his cock for her mouth and then lowered it to her neck and she just knew that he would want to cum over her big nipples and then she pointed his cock so that he decorated both of her tits and half of her stomach when he finally stopped coming, she was covered in his cum and never felt sexier.