 It’s so early in the morning when we head out for a beautiful secluded lake deep in the woods of upstate NY. The sun has just begun to climb in the sky as we unload our gear and store them on the 4-wheelers. We will have to ride quads for a while before we can to get to the perfect fishing spot. Our bikes loaded down with our camping gear our plan is to sleep under the stars and bring in a catfish line in the morning. That is, after a hopefully wildly satisfying evening.

We reach the spot and the lake is beautiful, the water is like glass and we can hear the frogs chirping and the dragonflies buzzing around...it's pretty hot for 7AM. You take off your shirt and start to unload the gear. I am watching you. My goodness I get so worked up just watching you move around.

You look over at me and laugh, "Are you going to watch all day or do something?" 

"I'm going to do something!" I say. 

I get off the ATV, my thighs are still vibrating and hot from straddling the engine so long...I walk up to you and rub my hands on your bare chest I love the look on your face when I playfully pinch and play with your nipples. Your strong hands rub my back at the same time. I kiss you deeply and passionately our tongues have a brief wrestling match. I smile and start to kiss and suck on your neck. I can feel your body responding to my touch your breathing quickens as you grab my ass pull me into you. At the same time I grind my breasts into your chest. 

"To hell with this..." you say as you pull my shirt and bra off and fling it into a bush. 

"Hey!" I laugh and feign annoyance, "I love that shirt..."

You are chuckling as I start to make my way down your chest and down to your belly. I make little circles with my tongue all along the edge of your jeans. I rub my face against the fabric where your cock is getting harder and harder. I look up and you make sure you are watching every single thing I do. You lean back slightly on the quad as I undo your belt and jeans I pull them down just enough so that I have easy access to your underwear. 

I am so wet as I ready myself to please you. I am so turned on as I start to rub your cock through your underwear. I begin first with my hands then with my hot mouth. I breathe and suck on your shaft through the fabric. You start to groan and press your hardness against my mouth. 

You run your fingers through my hair trying to entice me to take you in my soft mouth…you whisper, “Please please, suck my cock… baby come on…” 

I love it when you beg it makes me doubly wet. I can’t resist anymore I have to feel your cock. I slowly release it from the now very wet underwear and pull your pants all the way down. Stepping out of them, I massage your calves and thighs. I gently cup your balls run my fingers through your pubes. Your cock is sticking straight out proudly. I get beneath it and lick up your shaft making sure you are watching everything! 

What a treat to watch a woman who truly enjoys pleasing a man. I lick gently with little strokes all along the edge of your head. Trying my best to drive you crazy I finally take you in my mouth. I take your cock all the way down to the back of my throat. I start to hum which causes little shivers up and down the head and shaft of your cock. I can feel it you almost come from the feeling. I suck you slowly with a great deal of deep suction. With lots of tongue circles round and round as I pull your cock in and out of my hot mouth. I stop as you pull me up kiss me and feel the wet heat that was just wrapped around your magnificent cock. 

“My turn,” you say grunting like a bear in heat. 

You strip off the rest of my clothes (into the bushes, the lake…strewn all over) Then you Make me lean back over the seat of the quad my ass is leaning on the seat. You kneel before me the engine still hot and ticking as it cools you makes me lift one leg. You lick all around my shaved pussy without actually touching it yet. You suck on my inner thighs and lick the place between my legs where my legs start. You are driving me even wilder then I was driving you. 

I can’t contain myself I sound like a caged animal, squealing and screeching trying to lead your tongue to the places that would make me come. You chuckle again when I beg you to stick you tongue in me or suck my clit, 

“Please, please…do it now…” my voice is breathy and husky. 

You start to kiss my pussy lips like they were my mouth. My first orgasm builds and crashes as I come quickly. My hips undulate and move to your rhythm I am driving my pussy into your face and again begging for your tongue. Finally, you give me little licks and sucks on my pussy lips that are going higher and higher towards my clit…I am moaning in anticipation. You finally wrap your lips around my clit and suck the erect button into your mouth. At that moment I begin coming like a machine gun!!!! Orgasms firing repeatedly until I am a breathless pile of sex charged flesh hanging over the quad. 

You stand, getting up with a grin on your handsome face. Your face now covered like a glazed donut from my juices. 

“Hee, hee, hee…did you like that?” you snicker. 

“You smug bastard…” I laugh as I recover and kind of push you to the ground “Now you are in trouble” I tease.

I straddle your body and grind my soaking wet pussy on top of your hard shaft. You’re smiling and enjoy watching my breasts bounce and bob as I rub against you. I can feel it as you keep trying to slide your cock into my soaking wet pussy, lifting your hips every so often trying to slip inside my warm wet hole. You can no longer wait for me to finish playing. Impatience takes over. You can’t wait to feel how warm and very tight I will be from all my orgasms. 

“Let me in baby…” you say so sweetly to me. 

I rub up and down your shaft some more, ignoring you. 

“Come on baby…” I again ignore you. 

I am trying furiously to have a quick orgasm from rubbing against you before you lose control. 

“That’s it!!” 

I hear you growl and laugh as you flip us both over pinning me on the bottom. Now I am at your mercy. You so cunningly tease my swollen pussy lips with the head of your cock. Sliding up and down my wet slit parting the lips and rubbing against my excited clit making me ache for your cock. 

“Oh no, no, no…not yet!” you say.

“Enough teasing!!” I yell as I try to thrust my hips up and slide you inside me.

“No, No…My speed…” you whisper. As you finally part my inflamed sex and slide inside my hot corridor.

I begin to come again as you slowly put your cock inside my pussy. You groan as you enter me it is so tight inside. It feels like a closed fist as you slowly, slowly put it inside me. 

“Oh…. Oh Yes!!!” I am almost screaming. 

We begin to laugh as we hear my voice echo from across the lake. My voice and the sound of the morning frog calls are all that can be heard in our secret spot. 

Your hips drive you deeper inside me as you start thrusting hard and fast. Grabbing my ankles you push my legs up as high as they will go as you thrust faster and faster and faster.

“OOooohhhhhh YYESSSSSSSS!!!!” We both cry out as our orgasms peak at the same moment. 

When we finally come it’s like an explosion of heat and throbbing. We both collapse in a mess of sweaty sex drenched flesh. All that can now be heard are the insects buzzing and our satisfied laughter as it echoes across the lake.

After we recover we finish unloading naked.

“I’ll rub the suntan lotion on you!” you volunteer enthusiastically. 

After I’m well coated for the sun I take the bottle from you and continue to smooth the cool lotion on your warm skin. We decide we have all afternoon to continue playing. We put on our bathing suits; shorts and t-shirts then get back to the job of finishing setting up the camp. We inflate a boat and go bass fishing along the shore…. 

“Ahh, back to nature…” you quip and give me a million-dollar smile as we float along.