 Prologue

I met Tracy in a Russian history class, of all things, when we were both seniors in college in the mid-1980s. Her intellectual self-assurance attracted me at first, but as I got to know her I became fascinated by how that confidence was offset by a shy naïveté when it came to social matters. Of course her beauty – sparkling green eyes, a dazzling smile, large, firm breasts, a tiny waist, and a spectacular round ass – didn't hurt my attention span. 

She had joined a study group for our class, and I first got to know her by walking her back to her dorm after our nighttime meetings. Before long, we were sharing meals together in the cafeteria, and passionate kisses when I dropped her off at night. But, I couldn't seem to get any farther. One night, I finally persuaded her to come back to my off-campus apartment so I could cook her dinner. We shared a couple of steaks and a bottle of (cheap) wine, and wound up necking on the couch. Things were moving along nicely, but when I started unbuttoning her shirt, she stopped me.

"Can I trust you?"

"Don't you know that by now?"

"I think so, but I'm pretty inexperienced at this, and I'm afraid I'm not very good."

"Why do you think that?"

"Well the only guy I've done it with bailed on me after a couple of times, and I guess he wasn't satisfied with me."

"What about you; did you like it?"

"Oh God yes, I loved it, and couldn't wait for more, but he left and I've been making do with a vibrator for the last year."

That made me smile: she might be inexperienced, but she seemed to like sex. I could work with that.

"Do you want to have sex with a guy again?"

"Shit, yes!"

I swallowed hart and took the plunge: "With me?"

She laughed at that. "You're the only one here. But, seriously, if I'm not any good are you going to dump me too?"

"Look," I said, "sex is like anything else: it takes practice. I'd be privileged to help you learn some more, and I promise not to give up on you until you're an expert!"

She laughed again. "Okay, let the lessons begin!"

We returned to our kissing, and I slowly unbuttoned her shirt. After I had her bra off, and had been giving her stunning breasts some lavish oral attention, she quietly took my hand and led me over to the bed in the corner of my studio apartment. As I sat on the edge, she stepped back, and in one quick motion slid her jeans and panties over her hips and to the floor. I gave out a low whistle in unfeigned appreciation for her beauty. Tracy blushed crimson, but walked over and straddled my lap, grinding her cunt into the growing bulge in my jeans.

After a few minutes, I gently laid her back and started kissing and licking my way from her neck down her body. I worked my way past those marvelous mounds with their very sensitive and now very hard, nipples, down her flat stomach, and past her belly button. When I finally gave her pussy and clit a couple of introductory licks, she bucked against my face and moaned, "Oh, nobody's every done that to me before."

I paused. "Do you want me to stop?"

"God no. I want to experience it all!"

I resumed my ministrations, and before long her body shuddered with her first orgasm of the night. As I came up for air, she grabbed my head and pulled me up so that she could hungrily lick and suck her juices off my face and tongue. 

"Fuck me," she whispered.

Who was I to say no? I stood up and stripped off my t-shirt and jeans. I grabbed a condom from the night stand and stood facing her as I unfurled it down my very-erect cock. 

As I did so, I heard Tracy gasp. "I didn't know they could get that big." (I'm around nine inches when fully erect.)

"Is that a problem?" I asked.

"No ... I think its beautiful ... just take it slow, OK?"

I didn't answer verbally, but nodded and climbing between her legs, positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her vagina. As I pushed gently and slowly in, I could feel the walls ease wider to accept me. Every now and then, I paused to make sure I wasn't hurting her, but each time Tracy grabbed my hips pulling me deeper. Before long I was in her up to the hilt, and she sighed "that feels so good." 

I started pumping in and out of her at a slow pace that gradually gathered steam as we fucked. I was so turned on, and she was so tight, I knew I wouldn't last long, but after just a few minutes, Tracy let out a low, long moan:

"Yesssss ... I'm ... cumming ...."

As her fingernails dug into my back, and her pussy clamped down around my cock, I lost control and shot a huge load into the end of the condom. We fell on our backs panting. I peeled the condom off, and after a couple of minutes got up to wash the cum off of my cock.

"Where are you going?" Tracy asked.

"Just to get cleaned up a little," I answered.

"Wait a second, I want a taste."

With that, she crawled across the bed and scooped a drop of cum that was oozing from the end of my now-flaccid penis. 

"Yum!" She exclaimed. "Can I lick it all off?'

"Now who am I to turn down an offer like that?" I laughed.

"Goody! Now, I've never done this before, so let me know if I'm doing it wrong."

Tracy had nothing to worry about: she was a natural cocksucker, and before long I was hard again. But Tracy didn't stop, and without any prodding – or practice – managed to deep throat me. I gasped with pleasure.

Tracy looked up startled. "Am I doing it wrong?" 

"Absolutely not," I reassured her, "in fact, this is the best blowjob I've ever had. Are you sure you've never done this before?"

"Well," she blushed, "never with a real cock, but when I told my roommate I wanted to have sex with you, she did give me a few pointers on a banana."

I laughed. "Lucky banana!"

Tracy smiled and returned to her ministrations. However, I knew I could hold out longer after cumming once, so I grabbed another condom, laid down on my back, and invited Tracy to climb on board – which she did with alacrity. I've never seen a woman lose herself riding a cock like that – and look so good doing it. I marveled at the way her muscles rippled as she bounced away, eyes closed and head thrown back. In a few minutes a new orgasm ripped through her and she collapsed on my chest. At first, as her breathing calmed, I thought she had fallen asleep so I lay still, my cock still buried in her. Soon, however, her hips started rolling against mine as she whispered, "It felt so good hard and fast like that, but my legs can't keep me going right now. Is there another way?"

Without saying anything, I kissed Tracy and gently pulled out of her (producing a very cute pout), rolled her over and gave her a pillow to rest on. I then slipped behind her and resumed our fucking doggy-style. As I picked up the pace, Tracy quickly revived, and soon we were really ramming hard, with Tracy yelling in pleasure. She came two or three more times before I finally blew my load and we collapsed in a sweaty heap. 

Shortly thereafter, I went into the bathroom to dispose of the condom and get towels for both of us. When I returned, Tracy had wrapped herself in the sheets, and was giving me an intense once over as if evaluating me. I was suddenly somewhat self-conscious, but did not flinch from her gaze.

"Like what you see?" I asked.

"Indeed." She replied, "and after tonight, I know I love you."

I was surprised by this statement – after all, we had only been dating a short while – but I was even more shocked by the fact that I responded without a moment's hesitation: "I love you too."

And, so, our love affair – that continues to this day – began.