 Taking the M40 was a big mistake.

Or at least, so I thought. One minute, I was motoring along at a comfortable 95, and then the traffic slowed and came to a standstill. Within minutes, the queue stretched into the distance in front and behind, and the news came over the radio that a car transporter had caught fire, just before the next junction.

Some 15 miles ahead.

At least it was dark. I turned off the engine, reclined my seat a little and undid my belt and shoelaces. This was going to take a while. My mind drifted and I started to daydream of you. Of your delicious blonde hair, of how you love me to pull your head back whilst I kiss your neck, and how wet you were when I fingered you right there on the leather sofa in the pub last night! Almost without thinking about it, I unzipped my trousers and eased my cock into a more comfortable position. I lowered the windows to let in a little air on this hot and humid summer night.

I had still been able taste you on my fingers as I drove home. The thought of how excited you'd been had me harder than I could remember for days, and I grasped the shaft of my prick, gently masturbating inside my boxers. My breathing deepened, quickened.

I was torn from my vision by the sound of stilettos on the road alongside the car, and hastily withdrew my hand from my shorts, covering my groin and zipping up my flies. A shock of dark hair filled the window, and I turned on the interior light to get a better look. My heart leaped into my mouth and my pulse raced. She was young, elegant, extraordinary. By the smirk on her face, it seemed she had guessed what I'd been up to before I'd lowered the window. She leant against the sill, and the smell of her perfume drifted into the car.

"Sorry to disturb you," she smiled. "Do you have a light?"

"Don't smoke, I'm afraid". I grinned sheepishly, feeling something like a teenage schoolboy, caught by the French mistress. I decided to take a risk. "Anything else you need?"

She looked straight into my eyes.

"Not just yet. These damn traffic jams are so boring. When you're in the car on your own that is."

"Why don't you join me until the queue starts to move?" I suggested. "We could listen to some music, and I have some barley sugars..."

She looked at me in astonishment. "How did you know I'm absolutely mad about barley sugars?" She laughed. It was like water, tumbling over rocks. "Actually that sounds just a little sad, don't you think?"

She walked round to the passenger door and climbed into the car. "Which is yours?" I asked.

"Directly behind you," she replied.

She must have been able to see straight through the rear window, all the time I'd been daydreaming of you. She drew her legs up onto the seat, and her light, flower print skirt rode up above her knees, as she wrapped her arms around her shins. She wore black shoes, four inch heels, and my cock began to regain a little of its former glory.

"So, what's your name, what do you and where are you from?"

I smiled. "Jake, doctor, Oxford," I replied. "In that order. You?"

"Sophie, drug rep for Glaxo, Uxbridge. Heading up to Birmingham for a meeting."

"The heart disease conference, at the NEC?"

She nodded.

"Me too. I'm staying at the Radisson."

"Oh excellent, me too." She seemed genuinely excited by the fact. "So where are those barley sugars?"

I reached across in front of her to the glove box, brushing her thigh as I did so. A perceptible shiver ran through her leg at the touch, and I looked up into her eyes which were glazed over. She seemed to be on the verge of ecstasy at that slightest contact! But she drew in a deep ragged breath and looked away. I retrieved the sweets and offered her one which she took with a small smile, unwrapping the cellophane a placing the sweet delicately between two rows of exceptionally white teeth.

I had the feeling that if I worked this just right, this amazing woman could be our next adventure. I started to talk about what I did at work, where I lived, just small talk, easing her into a conversation. You always said I was good at that sort of thing. Pretty soon, she was laughing, leaning back in her seat, thoroughly relaxed. Her skirt by this time was even higher up her thigh, and I couldn't help staring at her amazing legs.

She noticed my look, and smiled. "Sorry, didn't mean to expose myself so much, it's just that it's so hot tonight."

"Please don't apologize on my account!" I said. "It's not every day I get to have a beautiful woman baring her beautiful legs in my car."

"Do you really think they're beautiful?" she asked. "I've always thought they're a bit skinny."

"But they are so long, and they go right up to a very beautiful bum" I said simply. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.

"Thank you" she said simply, and leaned over and kissed me full on the mouth.

My immediate amazement quickly disappeared and I returned the kiss with interest, running my tongue over hers, nibbling her lower lip and laying my hand on her thigh. She sighed, and let her knees fall apart. I ran my fingers lightly over her stockings and she gasped as I came to the bare flesh above. Her groin rose to meet my hand as I pulled her French knickers to one side and slipped a fingers between her wet lips, seeking out her clitoris. It was a hard little swelling, and she moaned as I teased it from side to side.

She grabbed my hand, moving it away. "You can't do that" she moaned. "There's no room in either of our cars for what you will make me want to do."

She reached across and unzipped my trousers again.

"I don't suppose I could video this, could I?" I blurted out. Now or never, I thought.

She looked across at me, taken aback. "Who for?"

"My girlfriend. She's always on at me to find her another woman, and you would be just her type." I held my breath.

She grinned. "Where's the camera?"

I reached into the case on the back seat taking out the small digicam, opening the screen and pressing the record button.

"I insist on having a copy though" she said, as she smiled at the lens, and lowered her head taking my engorged glans into her mouth. She licked it all over, building up a layer of saliva, and pumped it vigorously several times, making me about as hard as I could ever remember. It looked fantastic on the camera screen. I reclined my seat even further, and she went down again, taking the full length of my shaft into her mouth, reaching the back of her throat, and carrying on! This girl seemed to have no gag reflex!

Her head bobbed up and down, her tongue sliding along my cock, and then diving down its length again and again. My orgasm was fast approaching, and I took her hair in my hand jerking her head back, taking the risk that she would like it as much as you. The look in her eyes told me I wasn't wrong.

"Where do you want it?" My voice was hoarse.

She ripped open her blouse, revealing a black lace bra which she unfastened at the front. "Over these" she whispered, looking down at a pair of tits, that whilst smaller than yours, were pert and crowned by gloriously erect pink nipples.

I took my prick in my hand and stretched the foreskin back, drawing the skin hard towards the base. That was all it took, and I came furiously, streams of cum spilling over her breasts and neck. Her hand was a blur between her legs, rubbing her clitoris fast, until she came with a deep throaty groan, falling back into her seat, gently running her hands over her nipples.

She reached into the glove box and retrieved some tissues I kept there for situations like these. After she had cleaned herself up, she leaned across and kissed me deeply.

"Perhaps your girlfriend could join us at the Radisson tomorrow night? The company have booked me a suite which has a hot tub...." She stroked my cheek, eyes pleading.

"I think she would love to join us. She's been dying to meet somebody like you for so long!"

Sophie gave me a last kiss, then climbed out of the car. She leant down to the window.

"I'm in suite 17" she said. "Come round at about nine tomorrow evening." And with that she walked back to her car. The traffic was beginning to move, and I soon lost sight of her car in the rear view mirror.