 Author's Note: 

This story was originally distributed in 7 chapters. 

If you missed the other installments, check my author's page.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. 

This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. 

Please address all feedback, inquiries, marriage proposals, etc. to the author. 

*******

The ride back on Sunday was absolutely miserable. Every time he'd dozed off last night, Dan dreamt that Bill climbed in his bed, rolled him over, and fucked him again. He'd wake with a start, only to find Bill sleeping soundly in his own bed.

The interior of the SUV felt cramped. Whenever Bill made a sudden move, Dan flinched. He was still incredibly sore from last night--anytime they hit a bump or pothole a small spike of pain ran through him, starting in his bowels and dissipating in his chest.

By the time they dropped Mark off and pulled into Bill's driveway, it was almost 10:00pm.

Bill turned to Dan. "So are you coming in?" he asked amiably. 

Dan hedged. "Maybe we shouldn't…"

"Dan," Bill said, placing a hand on his arm. "Relax. Stop being silly; come on in for a sec." His hand tightened on Dan's bicep.

Dan still hesitated.

"Look," Bill continued. "You lived up to your part of the bargain. There's no time limit to cash in; we can finish whenever you want to. But you've got to be cramped after being stuck in this car so long."

"Well, I do have to pee," Dan conceded.

Bill smiled and hopped out. Inside, Dan went straight to the bathroom, head down, hoping he wouldn't run into Michelle. Now that he was here, this really seemed like a bad idea all around. He was even willing to chalk up last night to a life experience--the sooner he could put this all behind him (no pun intended), the better it would be for everyone.

Unzipping his fly, he pulled cock out and emptied his bladder, rocking gently as he did, loving the feeling of relief. He was in the process of getting himself put together when an urgent pressure seized him; he needed to pee again. 

The stream almost started before he was able to position himself back over the toilet. Only, instead of a thin, yellowish liquid, what came out was white and milky. It just poured out, settling to the bottom of the bowl, as unbidden memories from the last day spilled over him.

He had no idea how long he was in the bathroom, but by the time he'd managed to stumble out Bill and Michelle had gotten comfortable in the living room.

Bill was naked and sprawled on the couch, his legs spread wide, the blonde hair on his barrel chest glistening with sweat. His head was back, resting against the cushions, and his large hands held Michelle's head gently as she bobbed it up and down on his cock. She was kneeling, her skirt riding up high enough to show a slight glimpse of her ass. She used one hand to hold her balance, while the other worked feverishly under her skirt. The wet sound of her pussy gripping her fingers mixed with the sucking sounds coming from between Bill's legs.

"He was really getting off watching the tapes," Dan heard Bill say. "And his cock--Jesus Christ it was biggest fucking thing I've ever seen. It just wasn't natural!"

Dan swooned and grabbed the doorframe, embarrassed. Bill was telling Michelle about the weekend. Oh God, no!

Even after all these years of marriage, Michelle sometimes had trouble fitting Bill's cock into her mouth, especially when he was excited. She gagged as he forced more of it in, even as he stroked her cheek softly and whispered encouragement.

"With everybody there, I asked him if he wanted to fuck you. You know how he is; he hemmed and hawed a bit, but finally he said yes."

The hand between Michelle's legs moved faster, and she made a sound that was half hum, half moan.

"So after everyone left, after we watched you with the vibrator, I told him that if he let me fuck him, he could fuck you."

His cock had been in her mouth so deep that his pubic hair brushed her lips. She snorted and gasped as she slowly pulled back, releasing him. 

"Shit Bill, why'd you do that?"

"Do what?" he asked innocently.

"Get me so hot, so close to coming, then fuck it up like that," she spat.

"Huh?" Bill was genuinely puzzled.

"Well, you tell me about how hot Dan is, make me think there's a chance I might get to fuck him, then drop the punch line! If I have to wait for him to let you fuck him, I'm in for a long goddamn wait!" She glared at him as she sat heavily on the floor. Bill smiled.

"What's so fucking funny?"

"You are," he chuckled. "I'm amazed you have such little faith in me OR you."

"What do you mean…" she stopped in mid sentence, her eyes widening. "You fucked him?" she asked in a hushed tone.

In his peripheral vision, he caught sight of Dan, but kept his eyes locked on his wife's.

"I guess the combination of too many beers and your hot body was too much."

"You really fucked him?" she asked again, stunned.

Bill nodded. "He even came with my dick in his ass," Bill said matter-of-factly.

Michelle fell back in an exaggerated imitation of a faint. Looking up, she saw an upside down Dan in the doorway and a broad smile spread across her face. "Well hello there, gorgeous," she said, deepening her voice.

Jumping to her feet, she wiggled out of her skirt and blouse and walked toward him. Everything moved in slow motion for Dan, dreamlike; this wasn't a video this time, it was the real thing. Her hair was pulled pack into a tight ponytail that hung over one broad shoulder. Her breasts swayed invitingly with each step, the nipples already hard and swollen, darkening, a stark contrast to the pale luster of her skin. Her pussy was still smooth, probably freshly shaven, the lips wet with excitement and red from stimulation. 

Standing in front of him she stood on her toes, locked her hands behind his neck, and pulled him toward her. Her mouth covered his, her tongue running over his lips before forcing itself between them. He stayed rigid, unsure how to respond, until she pressed her body against him. With so little between them, the heat from between her body overwhelmed him, convinced him to submit. His hands circled her waist, holding her against him as his tongue met hers and explored her mouth. His cock, trapped between them, twitched, and she moaned appreciatively.

They separated and she dropped to her knees, unbuckling his belt and helping him out of his shoes, socks, and pants. He looked over at Bill, sitting on the couch stroking his cock, a man in a blissful trance. He pulled off his shirt and let his hands drop to his sides, his stomach doing flips in anticipation of what might come next.

"Son of a bitch," she murmured as she kissed her way wetly up from his knee, under his balls, and back down to the other knee. She reached up and stroked him slowly, feeling him grow hot and harder in her hand. Lovingly, she covered his cock head with kisses and he groaned, a bead of precum rolling out of the slit.

Dan must have closed his eyes for a bit, because the next thing he knew Bill was standing in front of him with a glass of scotch. He accepted it gratefully, tossing it all back in one gulp before handing it back. A warm, pleasant rush spread over him as the alcohol settled in his stomach. 

Below, Michelle pushed her face into his crotch, the tight skin of his balls rubbing against her nose. His smell was sharp, a mixture of musk and earth and something like cinnamon that made her clit ache. She stuck her tongue out and licked the crease between his ball sac and his thigh, the sparse, curly, hair tickling her tongue, her lips tingling wherever they came in contact with his salty flesh.

Michelle's mouth was working magic on Dan's crotch, so much so that he found it getting increasingly difficult to keep standing. As the tremors grew stronger he lowered himself to the ground, lying on his back with his cock struggling to raise itself under its ponderous weight. Michele let him get settled then grabbed him with both hands, gently kissing her way up along the length of his shaft. When she got to the head her tongue snaked out, working under the ridge and scooping up some of the precum that was now pouring out in a steady stream. He moaned involuntarily when she started to nibble softly on the sensitive edges of his cock head. Next, she placed it against her lips, opened her mouth wide, and inched his cock into her mouth until the head settled against the back of her throat.

"Oh fuck, if the rest of you is this tight I'm a dead man," Dan gulped.

She chuckled softly, letting his cock slide in and out of her mouth in a rhythmic fucking motion. She relaxed her face as best she could, allowing him to gradually extend down into her throat. Breathing through her nose she swallowed hard, squeezing his cock, as she reached out and massaged his balls, causing him to let loose a flood of cum that she then swallowed greedily.

Miraculously, he was still hard as he withdrew. Smiling mischievously she straddled his face, grinding her pussy roughly into his face. She leaned forward, grabbing his cock again with both hands, and drew it to her as she parted her thighs wider, gasping when she felt his tongue dart out and up between her inner lips. 

She worked his cock into her mouth again, letting it lay across her tongue as she used both hands to jerk him off. He reached between her legs and played with her clit while he gave her pussy a tongue bath, occasionally grabbing her labia with his teeth and tugging, making her shiver.

He felt her tongue slither sensually up his crack, teasing his hole. He froze self consciously, even as the expert tongue touched off tiny explosions throughout his body. The tongue was really working now, making his asshole slippery, actually working its way inside him. The explosions came harder now. Michelle sucked and nibbled on his cock as the tongue probed its deepest and Dan pressed his face hard against Michelle's pussy, making her moan loudly.

When his head cleared, Dan realized that the sensations he'd just felt were impossible. There was no way Michelle could be working on his asshole AND sucking his cock, not from this position. Which could only mean that Bill was the one licking his ass.

******* 

Disclaimer: 

This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. 

It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! 

By reading it, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. 

You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. 

No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product. 