 I'm an electrician by trade. The company I work for is quite happy to take work wherever they can get it, industrial, commercial or private. I tend to get a lot of the private work because I'm a bit of an extrovert and get on well with customers. A friendly tradesman is more likely to be invited back or recommended.

My current job was replacing lights. The house was a two story job and they had recently redecorated. Party of the redecoration was the replacement of all light fittings and that was where I came in.

I'd fronted up to the house in question and the woman of the house had greeted me and invited me in. The owner of the house was a doctor, well into his forties, and quite prosperous. His wife was in her early twenties and built like a playboy model, all tits and ass. Not only built like a playboy model but quite beautiful with it, long blonde hair, blue eyes, creamy skin, she had the lot. My initial thought when I saw her was 'trophy wife'. Come to think of it, my subsequent thoughts also agreed with my first thought. She was arm candy, designed to be flaunted by the successful business man. Or the successful doctor, in this instance. 

The weather was quite warm and the woman was dressed for it; under-dressed for it, for that matter. Shorts and a short sleeved blouse, top button undone to give a hint of cleavage. Her husband was at work but she knew where everything had to go, she told me. Seemed pretty straight forward to me. Light off the ceiling, new light on the ceiling. Pretty hard to go wrong in that sort of situation. Each room had the required lights in it; no way I could get them wrong. She still insisted on telling me where every light went, consulting a list as she did so.

I started work and she started following me around, watching me. Her name, she told me, was Naomi. She had only recently been married and the redecorating of the house was her idea. I complimented her on the work done. A genuine compliment, too, because the place looked good. Everything was coordinated and the lights fitted into the general theme.

She was a talker and kept chatting away as I worked. That was OK by me as I'm a bit of a talker myself, and she followed me around the house, talking non-stop.

Did I mention her blouse, top button undone, hint of a cleavage? My mistake. Top two buttons were undone, with a nice little cleavage, which I couldn't help but notice every time I looked down. When you're standing on a ladder you do tend to look down a bit.

I couldn't help but notice that she had on a very lacy bra, one that had to be working overtime to restrain those lovely breasts of hers. Standing on a ladder, head at ceiling height, I could see straight down the front of her blouse, especially as the top three buttons were undone showing a really nice cleavage.

I'm not saying she was flirting with me but have you noticed a slight progression here? I certainly had. Along with a few statements that could have been innuendo and could have been my vivid imagination. I will say that I think she had quite a nice figure and its attractions were growing on me.

Eventually I finished all the lights, packed up my tools, and wrote out the invoice. She whipped out her credit card and paid on the spot, which is always gratifying. I wrote paid on the invoice and returned it to her and she put credit card and invoice away in her purse.

"OK," I said, smiling happily. "I am now off the firm's clock and on my own time. Did you notice an extra button has come undone?"

She blinked and looked down at her blouse and the very nice cleavage while I reached for the fourth button and flicked it open.

"That one," I told her. "Oh, and it looks like this one as well."

The fifth button had been the last and now her blouse was gaping open, giving me a far better view.

"You shouldn't do that," she reprimanded. "Are you trying to seduce me?"

She was pulling the sides of her blouse together as she spoke, still smiling happily, treating it as a joke that was paying homage to her beauty.

"No," I said cheerfully. "I'm not interested in putting in the work required to seduce you. I'm just going to take off your clothes and fuck you."

While I was speaking I was pulling the blouse free of her clutching hands and pushing it off her shoulders. Fate was kind, I decided, when I spotted the front clasp on her bra. A quick flick and her bounteous breasts were spilling out where my hands were happily placed to catch them.

"You stop that. You can't do that sort of thing. Who do you think you are?"

I ignored her comments, reluctantly shifting my hands to her shoulders and brushing bra and blouse down her arms and off. She hastily crossed her arms across her chest, futilely trying to hide her bosom. Still, I didn't mind her arms being folded. Up there they weren't in my way.

I dropped my hands to the front of her shorts, unsnapping the clasp and undoing the zip. She gave a horrified squeal but was too late to stop me pushing shorts and panties firmly down, leaving them around her ankles.

"How dare you?" she gasped. "You get out of my house right now."

"Be quiet, woman," I told her. "Kick off those silly things and then kneel down."

"I'll do no such thing," she flatly stated.

"Yes, you will," I calmly informed her, just looking and waiting. 

I don't know what she saw in my face but she gulped and proceeded to pull one leg free of her shorts and panties and then kick the other leg to get rid of them. Now she was standing in front of me in the standard pose, hands modestly covering the important bits, or trying to anyway.

"You're not kneeling," I pointed out and she slowly sank down onto her knees.

I slowly undid and dropped my own trousers while she watched, eyes wide. I was already nicely erect but thought I could do better. I didn't bother speaking. I just placed a hand on the back of her head and nudged it towards me. She knew what was required. Without any argument she leaned forward, one hand taking hold of my cock, and then her mouth enclosed me.

God she was good at that. She set to work with an expertise that spoke of serious practice. I could feel myself swelling and getting harder than ever and was quite content to let her do her work without any advice from me. 

She didn't hurry. She was in no rush to just get it over with. She kept up a gentle suction while her tongue and teeth raised havoc. It's rough having a tongue lovingly run across the head of your cock. It was absolutely hair-raising to find her slowly rasping her teeth across me. There was only so much of that I could stand.

"Enough," I finally gasped, stepping back from her, seeing a triumphant look on her face.

"Sit back" I told her and she did so, slowly sinking back until her bottom was resting on her ankles, her breasts gently bobbing as she moved. 

"Now lay back, right back," I told her. 

I could see her considering the affect this would have, looking slightly dubious. I just kept on looking at her, showing that I expected obedience, and I got it. She leaned slowly backwards, first her hands dropping to the floor on either side of her and then her knees moving apart as she sought to keep her balance. I could see her eyes widen slightly in surprise as she saw just how open to me she was becoming. 

She lay there, head and shoulders propped up slightly by her arms, elbows resting on the floor. Looking down the length of her body she could see her hips raised by her doubled over legs, knees wide, offering her body to me.

"You're not seriously considering raping me, surely?" she asked.

"You're kidding, right?" I asked, indicating my erection and her open invitation, and she blushed.

"But this isn't right," she protested. "I don't want this."

"Uh-huh," I agreed. "I have to admit I've noticed you fighting like a wildcat to discourage me."

She gave me a nasty look but any wildcat tendencies stayed curled up and asleep. Now it was my turn to kneel, my cock now openly threatening her pussy. I eased forward, brushing my cock up and down along her slit, her lips puffy and parted, expecting me.

I leaned a little closer, watching her, seeing her watching me, eyes glued to where my cock was now pressing. I just help myself there, waiting. She was breathing harder now, expectant, waiting for the invasion of her body to begin. Still I waited. 

"Oh, fuck you very much," she hissed at me, sounding seriously exasperated and put upon. "Do it, damn you. Do it now!"

I pushed just that little bit harder and her lips happily yielded, moving aside to let me pass, closing lovingly around me as I did. I slid smoothly into her, feeling her hips rise under me, moving up to meet my thrust. Then I was fully inside her, groins pressing firmly against each other and she gave this little groan of satisfaction.

Moving very slowly I pulled right back, reversed, and slid slowly back into place. A repeat of this and then another. The slow motion loving felt pretty good to me but Naomi seemed a bit narked.

"What are you doing?" she demanded.

"Geez, just how naive are you?" I asked innocently. "It's called fucking. You know, where a man and a woman use their bodies to make sweet music together."

"I know what fucking is," she said repressively. "I want to know what you're doing." 

"Same thing. I saw this in a porn movie once. The whole thing went very slowly but they seemed to enjoy it. It's amazing how long they went for."

Please note that while this conversation was taking place I was continuing my slow fuck, neatly foiling her efforts to get me to hurry it up. 

"Did it occur to you," she asked, "that they were probably filmed in slow motion?"

"Of course it did," I said in an injured tone. "I'm not a dope. Still, it looked so effective I figured I'd give it a try."

Quite frankly I found the experience quite interesting, the slow drag of my cock in her passage was definitely getting to me. It did seem, though, that Naomi wasn't quite so pleased.

"Would you like me to move a bit faster?"

She nodded, and the look on her face spoke volumes.

"OK. Let me consider that for a moment," I murmured, not speeding up in any manner, shape, or form.

A few more slow strokes and someone was starting to lose their patience.

"Well?"

I nodded (slowly) and said, "OK. A little faster won't hurt."

With that I started to increase the pace. She gave a relieved groan as I started having a serious impact on her sensations. It seemed to me that that was my signal to stop stuffing around and really get into what we were doing. I picked up the pace even more, finding a nice rhythm that seemed satisfactory to both of us. 

With our rhythm established I just kept going for as long as possible. I could tell that her arousal was complete and her excitement increasing with each thrust. Still, not wanting to finish too soon, I adjusted my actions slightly, bringing her down off the boil.

She guessed that it was deliberate and she gently informed me that she was going to kill me if I started mucking around again. I vigorously protested my innocence, at the same time using the same vigour to drive into her. (Just not vigorously enough to send her over the edge.)

I guess it was a game, my trying to hold her below the required threshold while she strove mightily to get over it. Fortunately it was a game that we could both win, a pleasure to play, with extreme pleasure waiting at the end.

Finally I couldn't hold back any longer and I gave her that little extra she was seeking. She gasped and climaxed, clinging tightly to me as she had her pleasure and I received mine.

We lay on the floor for a moment before I slowly climbed to my feet and tidied my clothes.

"You'll find our business card with the invoice and receipt," I told her. "If you need more work done around the place feel free to give us a call. Let them know that I've been here before and they'll probably send me again. We like to have the same person service our clients. It builds up a relationship."

"Just don't call me too often. I think it might kill me." I might have thought that but I for sure didn't say it. I suspected that I'd be back. Even if it was only to check on the lights and make sure my work was OK. Everyone likes a follow up call.