 NC<18 -- No characters under the age of 18 are depicted in this story.

This is a copyrighted original work of erotic fiction. All rights reserved.

SHIT!! Where the fuck did HE come from?!? was the first thing that shot through her mind.

No, that's wrong. The first thing that went through her mind was AAAAHHH WHAT'S THAT FUCKING NOISE AT MY WINDOW?!?!?!?!

THEN she thought SHIT!! Where the fuck did HE come from?!?

As she stared blankly at the officer, mentally scrambling for what to do, he solved that problem for her by using a small flashlight to mime the international hand signal for "roll down your window".

She fumbled around on the armrest until she finally found the button to roll the window down and pressed it. When it didn't work, she poked futilely at it a few times with increasing effort, then shook her head, reached up, and turned the key part way. Then she pushed the button again and finally rolled the window down about half way. The sounds of crickets and cicadas and frogs immediately filled the air in the car, as well as the hot, humid air that carried them, causing the windows to fog on the inside of the car.

"Um... Hi?" Real cool, girl.

"Good evening, ma'am. Do you know why I stopped you?" the officer asked.

"I have no idea. In fact, I thought I was just parking and then all of a sudden, there you were, banging on my window."

"You failed to signal your last turn ma'am. Could I see your license and registration please?"

"Sure, officer. Hang on just a second," she said as she reached for her purse on the passenger seat. She pulled the purse into her lap, dug out her wallet and started to pull her license out -- only to have it hang up in the little window area.

"Sorry, officer. New wallet. I'm working on it. Just a little bit more and... Shit!!." The license flew from her fingers as the wallet finally let go and it landed on the dashboard.

"Are you okay, ma'am?"

"Sure, officer. Just a little nervous at having been pulled over. I've never been pulled over before," she said as she tried to reach for the license, only to be stopped short by her seatbelt.

"Is it okay if I take off my seatbelt to grab that?" she asked.

"Go ahead, ma'am."

She reached down, undid the seatbelt, and scooted forward on the seat to be able to grab the license. Feeling cool air on her thighs, she looked down to see that while SHE had slid forward her satiny skirt had not, and the tops of her thigh-high stockings were visible.

She quickly snatched the license off the dashboard and slid back in the seat, pulling her skirt down with one hand while using the other to hand the license to the officer. "There you go, sir."

She sat smiling up him as he looked at her license, first the front, then the back.

"Aren't you forgetting something, ma'am?" he asked.

She looked down at her legs, but they were covered. Then she looked down at her chest to make sure that having the seatbelt yank her to a stop hadn't caused her blouse to come undone.

"I don't think so, officer?"

"Your registration, ma'am."

"Oh. Yeah." Seriously? Again, real cool, girl. As she reached over to the glove box she didn't realize her skirt had ridden up her left leg and was providing the officer quite the view of her thigh.

"It's right... Wait. It's right... Shit. Where's the damn registration. It should be right here."

As she continued to dig deeper into the glove box her skirt lifted farther and farther up her leg until the officer could see her entire butt cheek.

After several minutes of taking everything out of the glove box one item at a time, naming each thing, "Napkins... plastic spoons... ketchup packets..." and then putting them back in one at a time, she finally sat back up in her seat.

"Officer, I am SOOoooo sorry. I know my husband just put the updated registration in the car the other day, but I can't find it. Whoa."

"Are you okay, ma'am?"

"Yeah. Sorry. Just sat up a little too quickly and it made me a little dizzy for just a second."

"Yes ma'am. That happens. Have you been drinking tonight, ma'am?"

"Just a little wine with friends, officer. But the last one was at least an hour ago, so I'm fine."

"You sure are."

"Excuse me?"

"I said, 'I'm sure you are', ma'am."

"No. That's not what you said."

"Step out of the car, please, ma'am."

"Wh... wh...why?" she stammered.

"I'm going to have to administer an impaired driver check, ma'am."

"But I'm not drunk, officer. I already told you, I had a few glasses of wine and the last was over an hour ago."

"Yes ma'am. You did say that. Now please step out of the car."

"Oh, all right!" she said as she snatched at the door handle and pushed the door open.

Right into the officer's thighs.

Oh shit. That did NOT help things, girl.

"Step over here, please ma'am. Thank you. Okay, ma'am, here's what I need you to do. I'm going to turn on my flashlight with my fingers over most of the lens. You should see only a small amount of light. I'm going to move the light around and I want you to follow the light, but only with your eyes. Not your head. Do you understand?"

"Yes, officer."

"Ma'am? I said, 'only with your eyes'. That means you can't move your whole head."

"Oooops. Sorry, officer."

"Ma'am? "Eyes only?"

"For your eyes oooonnnnlllly..." She started. "Have you ever heard that song, officer? I think it was in some spy movie. I really love that song, even though it's so old now. But I still love it."

"Yes, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am. Follow the light, please, ma'am. With your eyes only. Not your head."

A minute or two later, he turned off the flashlight and put it away.

"Thank you, ma'am. The next thing I need to have you do is recite the alphabet, but only recite it. Do not sing it. Say it only."

"Just the facts, ma'am," she said, mock solemnly. "Have you ever seen that show about the two cops in Los Angeles? That's a really old show, too."

"Yes, ma'am. I've seen the show. Now can I ask you to recite the alphabet, please. Without singing it?"

"A... b... c.. d-e-f-g, h-i-j-k, l-m-n-o-p..."

"Ma'am... Ma'am! I said you needed to say the alphabet and not sing it."

"Oh. But I wasn't singing it!"

"Yes you were, ma'am. Try again, please."

""A... b... c... d... e... f... g, h-i-j-k, l-m-n-o-p..."

"Thank you, ma'am. Let's try this. Can you say the alphabet backwards?"

"Sure, officer. The alphabet backwards." And she giggled.

"Ma'am?"

"You asked if I could say the alphabet backwards. I said I could and then I did." She giggled again.

"Ah. Yes ma'am. Let me clarify. Can you please recite the alphabet in reverse order, beginning with 'Z", please?"

"Z... y... x... t-u-v, w-x...w... v... s...."

"Thank you, ma'am."

"But I wasn't finished. I was doing so good..."

"Yes, you were, ma'am. What I need you to do now, ma'am is to stand right here with your feet together and your arms at your sides. When you're ready I want you to tilt your head back, close your eyes, count to 30, open your eyes and then bring your face back to the front. Do you understand these instructions?"

"Yes officer." She tilted her head back, closed her eyes, made it to 30 without wobbling or losing count once, opened her eyes and dropped her head so she was looking at him.

"See, officer? I told you I wasn't... whooooaaaaah...." she whispered as she staggered forward to crash her face into his chest. "That doesn't prove anything. I just moved my head too quickly." She realized she had braced her hands on his waist and snatched them quickly back.

"Yes, ma'am. I'm sure that explains it. I don't see any lines in the area, so what I'm going to do is walk about 20 feet that way. When I get there I'm going to shine a red laser on the ground. All you have to do is walk directly toward me while keeping your feet on the beam. Once you get there, I will return here, shine the laser and you walk back on the beam. Do you understand?"

"I think so."

The officer walked over to a spot, pulled a small handheld laser out, turned it on and shined the beam on the ground. "Go ahead and begin."

She made it about five feet and then said, "Stop. You keep moving the light so I can't stay on it."

"No, ma'am. I'm not moving the light."

"It must be these high-heels, then. Can I take them off?"

"No, ma'am. You were wearing them to drive so you have to wear them for the test."

"I still think you were moving the light."

"Ma'am, if it will make you feel better I'll lay the laser on the ground and put my hands on my hips so you can see them. Then you can walk the beam. That way there won't be any possibility that even a shake in my hand would cause the beam to move. Would that work for you?"

"Alright."

He laid the laser down and told her, "Okay, ma'am. Go back to the starting point and begin again."

This time she made it almost ten feet before her feet came off the line. "You moved the light again," she pouted.

"Ma'am, my hands were right here on my hips the entire time."

"Well, okay, then."

"Okay, ma'am. For the last test I need you stand here with your feet together and your arms at shoulder-level with your index fingers extended. Tilt your head back, close your eyes and follow my instructions. Do you understand?"

"Yes, officer."

"Use your right finger to touch your nose." She did.

"Use your left finger to touch your nose." She did.

"Use your right finger to touch your nose." She did.

"Use your left finger to touch your nose." She did.

"Use your left finger to touch your nose." She did. But she used her right finger.

"Use your right finger to touch your nipple."

She started to move her hand, then stopped and said, "What did you say?"

"I directed you to use your right finger to touch your nose, ma'am."

"No you didn't. You just told me to touch my nipple!!"

"No, ma'am. Could you please step over here and face the side of your car, ma'am? Thank you, ma'am. Raise your arms out to the sides at shoulder-level again. Do you have anything hidden in your armpits, ma'am?"

She shook her head.

"Ma'am, I can't accept that as a response. I can only accept oral responses."

She shivered when he said "oral".

"Are you capable of providing oral responses, ma'am?"

Her whole body shook when he said "oral" this time, despite her best efforts to stay still.

"Yes, officer."

"Okay, ma'am. Thank you. Now, do you have anything hidden in your armpits?"

"No, officer."

"Thank you. I'm going to search you now, beginning with your right arm and then your left."

"Yes, officer."

She jerked just a little as his left hand came down on the top of her right shoulder and twitched a little as his right hand came up under her armpit.

He applied firm but gentle pressure on her arm with both hands as he slowly slid them outward toward her hand.

The warmth of his hands picked up as they left her short-sleeved blouse and began to slide down her bare skin.

As his hands neared her wrist his right hand slid a little faster and he spread his fingers, supporting her wrist with his little finger, the inside edge of her palms with the two middle fingers and her fingers with his index finger. His left hand slid over the back of her hand, then returned to lightly grasp her wrist.

Once her wrist was secured he twisted his right hand inward so his middle two fingers dragged across the surface of her now-sweaty palm, causing her to gasp and shiver lightly, then his fingertips traced her fingers out to the tip.

He swapped hands and moved her arm to put her hand on the top of her head. "Keep it there, please, ma'am?"

"Yes, officer," she said, a little hoarsely.

"I'm going to do your other arm now, ma'am."

"Yes, officer."

She shuddered a little more heavily as his right hand came down on top of her left shoulder and it seemed like she sighed when his left hand was placed in her armpit.

The heat she had felt on her right arm was repeated on her left arm as his hands repeated their motions.

When he had finished with her left arm he placed it on the top of her head with his right hand.

"Are you okay, ma'am?"

"Yes, officer," she whispered.

"I'm not so sure. You seem to be swaying a little. Why don't you place your hands on the edge of the roof on your car while I continue my search. I'm going to steady you by putting one hand in the small of your back and then I'm going to touch your head. Do you understand, ma'am."

"Yes, officer." Barely a breath.

She felt his fingers lightly touch her left temple and begin to rake upward and backward through her hair and gritted her teeth. His fingers trailed through her hair above her ear, then down behind her ear and on down to her back, his fingertips leaving a trail of heat on the skin of her neck as they lightly grazed her flesh. She inhaled sharply as goose-bumps sprung up all over her body and she could feel the hair on the back of her neck standing up.

"I'm going to touch the other side of your head now, ma'am." She didn't realize he had switched hands on her lower back.

"Uh-huh."

"Oral, ma'am."

"Yes, officer," she moaned.

His fingers touched her right temple and this time she couldn't help herself. She twisted her head to touch her cheek to his palm as it slid past. Heat trailed down her neck again.

"I'm going to lift your hair in the back now, ma'am. To do that I'm going to have to take my hand off your back. Will you be okay to stand on your own for a little bit?"

"Yes, officer."

His spread fingertips lightly touched down on her neck, his little fingers just above her collar-bone and his index finger just below her jaw. His fingertips left individual trails of heat on her skin as they grazed both sides of her neck, upward and backward until they gathered her hair together in a silken mass.

"I'm going to touch your ear now, ma'am."

He released his grip on her hair with his left hand and she felt the tips of his fingers run upward along the front of her ear, then backward and downward until she felt his thumb come to rest on the back of her ear. She moaned as he dragged his finger and thumb down her earlobe.

"I'm going to touch your other ear now, ma'am."

He swapped hands and his fingers trailed slowly over her earlobe. When his finger and thumb had slid down off the lobe, she felt them come back again, then again.

She twitched a little as she thought she felt warm breath on the back of her neck. Then it was gone.

"Okay, ma'am. I'm going to drape your hair over your left shoulder then continue my search."

She felt her hair brush the side of her neck, then she felt his hands on the back of her neck. They slid downward and outward over her shoulders, then came part way back in and she could tell his thumbs were sliding down her spine as his palms and fingers slid down the rest of her back, leaving larger trails of heat as they went.

His hands reached her hips and lingered there for a moment, making her want to squirm, but she gritted her teeth again.

""I'm going to continue my search around to your front ma'am."

Now she couldn't help but squirm as his hot hands slid around to the front of her body, his thumbs hooked in the waistband of her skirt. He tugged gently at it and, for a second, she thought he was going to push her skirt down her legs and expose her ass to the whole world, but he didn't.

His fingertips came together just below her belly-button and dipped slightly below the waistband, then his hands began to slide upward. As they did, the insides of his wrists pressed against her sides.

His hands continued to slide slowly upward until she felt his thumbs rub against the bottoms of her breasts. They stopped then as his thumbs rotated outward across the lower curve of her breasts, just barely missing grazing her nipples.

She felt a gentle squeeze, then his palms continued their slow track up her breasts until they suddenly stopped.

"Ma'am, do you have any weapons or contraband hidden in your bra?"

What the fuck is he talking about? "No, officer?!

"Okay, ma'am. It's just that something poked me when I was searching there. I'm going to continue to search your front, then I'll return to do a more thorough search of that area."

His hot hands continued up over her breasts and then paused as only his fingertips continued up to the base of her neck. Then they moved back downward until they covered her breasts again.

"Ma;am, I'm going to ask one more time. Do you have anything hidden in your bra?"

"No, officer."

His fingers and thumbs came together to lightly pinch her nipples through her blouse and bra and he pulled lightly at them.

"So these pointy things aren't weapons?"

"No, officer," she groaned as he continued to pull on her erect nipples through two layers of material.

"I'm afraid I can't just take your word for it, ma'am. I'm going to have to check more closely."

He unbuttoned the top button of her blouse and slid his left hand inside to cup her breast again.

"Definitely not in the blouse itself."

He unbuttoned another button, then slid his right hand inside to cup her left breast.

"No. Definitely not something in the blouse itself. But it might be something embedded in the material of your bra. I'm going to un-do your bra, now, ma'am."

He reached between her breasts and un-did the clasp, allowing the cups to spring partway to her sides.

"I appreciate you wearing that kind of bra, ma'am. Makes it easier to conduct a search."

He slid his left hand onto her right breast and made a circular motion with it.

"No. Definitely not embedded in the material of your bra, ma'am. Now I'm going to have to make sure those aren't something you have taped or glued to your skin. I'm going to have to undo some additional buttons to continue the search, ma'am."

"Yes, officer."

She lifted her head and looked around the area to see if anyone could see what was going on, but could see no one. She shivered as she felt his hands slowly work their way down her stomach, expertly unbuttoning her blouse as they went.

When the last button was undone, he said, "I'm going to have to pull your blouse and bra to your sides now, ma'am, so I can complete my search of your amazing tits."

"Wh... wha... what? What did you just say?"

"I said 'I'm going to have to pull your blouse and bra to your sides so I can complete my search of your chest', ma'am."

"That's NOT what you said, officer!"

"Ma'am. One of us is on duty and the other of us has been drinking this evening. Perhaps one of us has a better recollection of what was said?"

His fingertips touched the bare skin of her sternum and heat bloomed where they touched. As his hands rolled her blouse and bra to her sides, his fingertips grazed the upper edge of her stomach and the backs of his fingers occasionally touched the skin of her breasts, spreading that heat across them like a fire across a prairie.

Once he had her blouse and bra rolled to the sides at breast level, his hands moved downward, rolling and tucking her blouse to her sides.

Then those hands came to rest on her sides just on the waistband of her skirt again. As they worked their way slowly forward, she could feel his fingertips dip under the waistband and again she feared he was going to slide her skirt off her hips and down her legs.

When his fingers met in the middle of her stomach, he dipped them slightly lower, pushing the waistband down and she was SURE he was going to drop her skirt to pool at her feet.

But he didn't.

Instead, his hands slid smoothly over the skin of her stomach until they came to rest just below her breasts again.

Then they climbed, almost unbearably slowly, toward her nipples. Goose-bumps broke out on her skin again and her nipples became almost painfully erect.
