 I was fresh out of high school and working as shampoo girl in Audrey's Beauty Parlor, a small neighborhood saloon.

Minimum wage, shampooing the blue hair patrons and being general dog's body did not make for job satisfaction. I wanted something more exciting. 

I saw the ad while browsing through "Help Wanted" in the Weatherfield Recorder. "Traffic Girl". TV Channel 7 was looking for a girl to ride in their traffic helicopter and give traffic reports. I decided to apply. 

I showed up at the interview presenting my best "Traffic Girl" image. A short plaid skirt and a tight sweater accented my long shapely legs and my ample bosom.

Whilst the traffic girl was no actually an on camera position her picture would be on screen at times during reports.

Matt Hayes the station manager interviewed me. Matt was a early thirties dynamo who was given the task of revamping the station's image.

Channel 7 had been a dull "give then the facts" news channel. Hayes's job was to give the news "sex appeal", to inspire the viewers to switch to Channel 7 rather than tune to the competition.

Hayes's eyes scanned me as I entered his cramped office.

"Hi Candice, why do you want to work at Channel 7?" he greeted me.

The interview went well. All the time I sensed Hayes looking at my 36C breasts straining to for freedom beneath my pink sweater. I had purposely not worn a bra so my nipples were obvious under the smooth material.

After forty-five minutes of staring at my boobs Hayes dismissed me with the promise to call when he had made a short list of potential traffic girls.

I knew by the way he had been looking at me my chances were good. 

Hayes called me the following day. He asked if I could come in for another interview. He asked if it would be convenient for me to go to his apartment that evening, as it would save him from having to go to the station.

It sounded to me as if it was going to be the "casting couch" call. I asked him what time he would like me to come?

I dare not tell my parents that I was going to Hayes's apartment, my father would never approve.

Hayes lived in a modern high-rise in the better part of town. I arrived at 100 Bold Street right on time and Hayes buzzed me in. As the elevator whisked me to the twenty-second floor I wondered if I was doing the right thing?

A piece of ass in exchange for a good job? It was not like I was a virgin or anything as I was fucking Billy Marsden for nothing! Marsden was a not bad looking back street mechanic who drove a groovy Candy-apple red Mustang. We had been fucking for about three months and he considered me "his girl".

As the doors opened Hayes was there to greet me. Taking my hand he lead me into his apartment.

The apartment was luxurious, tastefully decorated in a Spanish theme. A large painting of a toreador with his cape in the charge position hung over the faux fireplace. The furnishings were all glossy black with chrome accents. A large purple leather couch was strategically positioned before the fire accompanied by a matching easy chair and ottoman.

I had dressed more daring than if I were going to the station. I wore a very short micro-mini and a sheer white blouse with a neckline that plunged almost to my navel. Without a bra not much was concealed.

"Good to see you." Hayes remarked ih the emphasis on "see".

"Care for a drink?" he offered.

Drinks with an interview, I could see where this was leading.

"Do you have any gin?" I asked.

"Gin and vermouth coming up!" Hayes smiled heading over the bar.

Hayes busied himself making my martini as I seated myself provocatively on the couch. From his position I knew he could see right up my short skirt. I opened my legs enough so he could see I was not wearing panties.

Hayes brought over my Martini complete with an olive and what appeared to be a straight whisky on the rocks for him. 

Sitting on the couch beside me he informed me that he had decided to offer the job to me if I demonstrated how much I appreciated it. He placed his hand on my bare knee and awaited my response.

I did not resist, merely smiled my pleasure. No more sweeping up hair and listening to Audrey complaining about expenses. All I had to do was offer Hayes a night of liberties and the job was mine. Shamelessly I opened my legs. 

Hayes accepted my invitation right away sliding his hand up under the hem of my skirt. I felt his fingers touch my exposed pussy and dig their way in between my labia searching for my trigger. Quickly her found my sensitive clitoris and began gently pinching it between his thumb and finger and tugging on it. My legs opened wider letting his play with me.

"You like that?" he whispered as he leaned over and kissed me. 

His tongue pried its way into my mouth and as mine intertwined with his I moaned my approval. 

He led me into his bedroom to fuck me. 

Matt's bedroom was a lavish as his parlor. A large canopy bed dominated the room. It was not effeminate with heavy purple velvet hanging from the four posts. The dressing table and chest of drawers were gloss black similar to those in the parlor.

I removed my see-through blouse baring my creamy mounds. My large pink nipples were already aroused in anticipation of what was to come.

Hayes was hurriedly removing his clothes. While I had been removing my blouse he had taken off his shirt and trousers hanging them onto a silent butler. He paused long enough to feast his eyes on my naked breasts.

I unfastened my skirt and let it drop onto the thickly carpeted floor and stood proud wearing only my 5" spikes.

Hayes looked up after peeling of his boxers.

He was hung, I estimated somewhere between six and eight inches, standing at attention and waving menacingly at me.

"Bring it here!" I said as I sat naked on the edge of his bed. 

Matt walked over holding his cock in his hand.

He stopped about a foot away from me, the head of his cock a few inches from my face.

It was a beautiful cock. Circumcised with a well-defined helmet on a slightly upward bent shaft. A drop of precum glistened on its tip in anticipation of my mouth. 

I took it from his hand and bending forward my mouth enveloped it.

As he filled my mouth my lips sealed around the thick circumference and I inhaled deeply forming a warm, wet vacuum chamber t receive his sperm.

My tongue did naughty things to the cock in my mouth, dancing up the lower side of the shaft and twirling up over the head collecting the precum oozing from it.

Gently my left hand cupped his scrotum while my right hand tugged the base of his shaft milking it into my mouth.

"Oh God Candice, you really know how to suck cock!" Hayes moaned. 

That was a compliment coming from a guy like Hayes. I knew he had had his cock sucked many times, I could tell by the way he fucked my mouth. He likely had enjoyed head from many of the female staff he hired.

My tongue worked his cock while my hand massaged his balls until he could hold back no longer. His thick creamy sperm began spurting into my mouth.

I opened my mouth wide so he could see the strings of his cum puddling on my tongue. As it built up I rolled it around in my mouth forming one huge glob of the milky white goo. I closed my mouth and swallowed then reopened my mouth to show him it was empty.

I took Hayes onto the big billowy duvet covered bed with me and we snuggled while my right hand resurrected his spent cock. I felt the life returning as he hardened in my hand.

Soon it was time for the main attraction and I rolled onto my back with my legs spread apart.

Hayes climbed aboard for then ride of his life.

His restored cock slid into my waiting pussy with ease. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensation of his cock stretching my cunt as he penetrated me. When I felt his balls kiss my ass cheeks I raised my legs and wrapped them around his hips pulling him that extra inch into me.

Hayes took my legs and placed my ankles onto his shoulders and slammed his cock hard into me until the head touched my cervix.

"Oh God!" I moaned. 

I knew I had the job as Hayes slammed his cock into me. My pelvic muscles clenched his cock as it piston in and out of my wet cylinder.

"Fuck me you horny bastard!" I goaded him. 

I knew I was going to clean out Hayes's supply of sperm before the night ended. I gyrated and twisted my cunt yanking his cock in circles.

"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" he groaned as he gave up another load of cream.

I could feel the warm surge of his sperm flooding my pussy as I savored my triumph.

The helicopter pilot, Ralph Florio, is a cute dark hair guy with a lovely ten-inch "joystick"!