 Storming out of the lecture hall, sickened by these spoiled rotten racists and their so-called "open-minds", I catch a taxi and speed away from this establishment of higher learning. Talking to the Jamaican taxi driver, I inquire: "What is it with these people?" He looks back, laughs and our eyes meet touching with a look of displacement, two people far from home. Gazing at the his ID, I say "What the hell are we doing here, Treon?" In his sing-songy Island accent, exaggerated in humor he says: "Come now, fiery Miss, doncha be lookin like dat, here me? Der are far worse places you could be."

Pointing out the window to the campus, "This is the University of Illinois, birthplace of our country's future CEO's, Politicians, hell even Doctors for Christ's sake! The most narrow minded people in the universe! Damned spoiled Mid-western brats, with their hatred for anything that doesn't wear GAP!" With a bewildered look in his eye, my GAP comment rolling past his head, he says: "The fiery Missy be needin to get away, aye!" 

Our eyes lock. In a heartbeat, I tell him to take me to the airport. He shakes his head, and turns the taxi in another direction, downtown, past the loop, in front of Union Station. With a dark smile and glittering eyes, he says: "You will find yourself and lose yourself on dat der train." I press a wad of money into his hand, squeezing it gently in thanks and left the taxi.

Looking up at the tall building of fame, I enter through the huge columns, and down the staircase that once flowed with blood and debris from the violence of gangsters, now decorated with the designs of the new gangsters that prowl around. Approaching the ticket desk, I had no idea where to go. The prim agent attempted to help for 30 minutes, pushing flyers in front of my face.

With wild eyes, I slam my fist on the counter, "LOOK, I don't care if I go to NJ, NM, NY, ND, NH.... Just get me the fuck on the next train out of here!" The manager walks over and looks me in the eye. I stare back hotly for a good 10 seconds. Then he asks: "Open ticket or one way". I break into a smile, answering, "Open... it has a lovely ring to it. Yes, that's it... oh sorry for yelling, .... But, if I hear another Mid-western nasally accent, I am going to SNAP!" 

The manager and the assistant exchange conspiratorial glances, quickly looking at the man that had just departed the desk before I came up, and type furiously on their keyboard. After several beeps and minutes, my ticket is printed out. Their smiles, glittering eyes and syrupy "have a gooooood trip"... is completely lost by me.

With ticket in hand, I have 2 hours before taking off. I run into the shopping area to buy some clothes. Oh, the feeling is GREAT! New clothes, impulsivity, that wonderful feeling! The saleslady chattering away, as I am reveling in this freedom. I hear her repeat something vaguely, twice..."A getaway to ... To where?"

Where the hell am I going? Looking in my bag, my ticket said "OPEN- Northwest bound". Good lord, I've been all over but never there. She looks at my ticket and says, "Oh, you are taking the Empire Builder route, that is the most beautiful!" 

I pay for my purchases, 2 pairs of jeans (bell-bottomed and low waisted), 3 cropped top t-shirts, a 2 pc. red Swim suit, a classic little black dress and sandals. Upon leaving the clothes store, I walk into the intimate apparel store and purchase some delicate items. I notice some female condoms... mmm, interesting... I buy a pack just for kicks. I have to dash to catch the train... "forever-late Rhiannon", I am called. 

When the porter asks for my ticket and my bags, I hand him my ticket and hold up my ONE bag. He looks at my ticket, glances over my shoulder, to the manager who had sold me the ticket, and nods. I could care less about what that exchange was all about, I just want to relax and get as far away from Chi-town as possible. Then, curiously, the porter blushes and takes my bag and carries it up for me. I follow him through the narrow aisles of the train, car after car; we pass but kept walking to the front. 

"Slow down sugar, where are a taking me, coach is back there!", I ask. He then turns to me, with a smile and a wink as he puts his finger over his shhh'ed lips. He leads me into the 1st class sleeper cars. I was aghast! 

"No way,... I cannot stay here! It's too expensive!", thinking of the mint I just dropped on buying the clothes impetuously. He slides the cabin door open for me and says: "It has been taken care of Miss, enjoy your ride". I am speechless, a rare moment indeed. 

There's a single red rose lying on my bed, by the window... the room smells of... hmmm... I can't place it... masculinity? I am too thrilled to notice the gray valise hanging in the closet. 

Instead of unpacking, I tuck my shopping bag under the bed, take off my stifling hot sweatshirt and jeans, and with only my tank top and red gym shorts on, I hop on the bed. Feeling the train's engine rev up and slowly pull us out of the station, I lay back to watch the departing skyscrapers. It has been a stress filled day and I need a release... where is a man when I needed one? Closing my eyes, feeling the slow deliberate movements of the train, I reach into my thoughts and concentrate on relaxing. It was time for a release.

I let my fingers walk down my neck and slowly to my chest, as I circle my nipples into ripe, hardened peaks. One by one, watching the offices go by... wondering if anyone could see me looking up into their windows... this sends erotic thoughts through my mind, as my hand creeps lower, caressing the tender area just under my breasts, feeling my body's warmth through the thin tank top. 

Ever so slowly I slide down to my navel, dipping, circling. Still pushing away at a snail's pace, the train passes under bridges, and I can see the pedestrians walking along, and people sitting in their cars. My hand moves lower to play with the texture of my short's waistband, then under, down over my cotton panties. Here is where the heat was radiating, embers burning, gathering more fuel for the fire inside. Fingering the left side of the leg band sends shivers down my legs, touching that tender crease where thigh meets hip. 

I gather my whole hand together and cover my mound and smile to the world that is passing by my passionate lowered eyes. Holding my hand there, I close my eyes and awaken the slumbering criatura, the Wild one, the one who detests chairs and tables, but prefers the ground, trees, and caves, for in these places she can lean against the cheek of God.

The change comes over my body so swiftly, the touch even is different, deeper. Entering though the leg band, my hand is on a mission, eyeing it's way through the familiar forest and finding my clitoris, now peeking softly out of it's hood to meet it's lover. Reaching my finger lower past my swollen lips, I dip my finger inside to get some slick sweet nectar to soften the response of the unshielded warrior. Then, back up to play wild little circles around and around, feeling my nerves shoot flames through my body. Still having my face towards the window, erotically masturbating in front of the Sears tower and passing cars, I build to a climax and moan softly. I didn't see, nor hear the door of the cabin slide open as you stepped in.

You are heading home from a conference in Chicago and decided to take the train instead of flying, after all, you needed the relaxation. Splurging on a private cabin, you had hoped to share it with the woman you met at the conference. But, sigh... she was married... too complicated... So, here you are alone... or so you thought. 

You enter the room, always quietly, as is your nature. What a sight... a red blanket of silken curls hanging ½ off of the bed with a creamy white leg, the head turned towards the window, you are curious to know who has stolen into your room. But, your nose catches the intimate fragrance of woman as your eyes quickly take in what unfolds before you. You freeze, not knowing what to do, feeling yourself leap to life in your jeans. With the stealth of a cat, you enter the room, and quietly sit on the bench, facing the window and the bed, and watch in fascination.

I continue to pleasure myself, catching the masculine scent again, my back starts to arch as I imagine it is my lover's tongue flicking sparks of pleasure. I slide fingers in and out and in and out, soaking my panties, and moaning with pleasure, until my muscles contract around my fingers. Not wanting to cum too hard, I ease my fingers into an age old rhythm, slow steady and strong. Feeling pinpricks of pleasure bursting all over my body, my head throws back and I bite my left hand, to restrain the scream. 

At this moment, I roll my eyes into the back of my head, catching a quick glimpse of you sitting there watching, but you are only part of my voyeuristic fantasy. I cum sweetly and slowly onto my fingers. The feeling has made me extremely drowsy. Removing my fingers from my sensitized mound, I drift off into perfect aftermath slumber. I doze off as the train comes to full speed and heads out of Chicago.

You sit there quietly, running your palm over the front of your jeans... what are you going to do with this strange girl? Wicked evil grin crosses your face, as that little demon inside of you says: "TAKE HER NOW! Rip those shorts off the naughty sprite, and ride her so hard that she'll never be pleased with a simple finger from now on!" You ache at that thought. No, but the chase is so much sweeter. You decide to wait. But, you must do this one thing... you stand up, towering over her sleeping body, filling the room with your masculinity, then you lean down for the gentlest kiss. 

I stir in pleasure filled dreams... rugged coastal cliffs of an Emerald Isle... kissing in the chilly rain... You finish with the kiss, and with the strength of a thousand men, you stand up and leave the room. You are on a mission to find out who this red headed vixen is.

Spotting the porter, you make your way towards him with a determined walk. He catches sight of you and tries to dash away. You grab him by the coat and put him against the wall. 

"You know something!", you say calmly into his up tilted frightened face. Without further encouragement, he stammers out the story... blaming his manager for the deed, it was his revenge on this screaming mad redheaded bitch to book her into the same cabin with you, trying to "teach her a lesson". A smile slowly creeps into your eyes as you imagine the scene I created at the ticket desk, recalling a loud curse echoing from Union Stations high walls. 

"So, the punishment is to let her sleep in my room? Where pray tell was I supposed to sleep?," tightening your grip on his jacket. 

"Well, ...gulp... if I were you, I would ... um... I would just share the room, sir... or I will try to find you other accommodations." You release him, and say, "Well, do that then. A gentleman is always invited first." With a grumble, you walk to the back of the train to find an open seat. You fall into it, and settle in to sleep.

We've made several stops now, and it is night time, as we are speeding through the Wisconsin countryside. My growling stomach awakens me. I take off my sweaty tank, shorts and panties, take a quick shower, and throw on my new white crop T-shirt and jeans. The towels they have are cheap and don't do a very good job, so my white crop top is clinging tightly as I exit my cabin.

Wandering through the darkened train, gingerly picking my way through the sleeping cars, filled with snoring people and shadowed faces. I am heading for the Lounge car for a snack and some conversation. Car after car I pass through, wondering when it will end. Strolling careful by, I gaze into the sleeping faces and smile. 

Upon entering your car, I immediately see you in slumber. Who could ignore you? You cut a striking bold figure of a man, even in peaceful rest. I pause slightly and I pass you... inhaling, smelling vaguely familiar.... The same scent is in my room. Your black hair has a beautiful shine in the muted light of the car, an errant lock creeping across you brow roguishly.. I want to reach out and touch it's silkiness, but hold back. 

My eyes take in the rest of your face... begging for a kiss. Broad, powerful shoulders, hmmm, eyes wandering lower... long legs, uncomfortably tucked, other leg thrown out, thighs spread wide taking up the 2nd chair next to you. 

On a whim... I decide to slide into that chair next to you, pretending it's mine. Carefully, I walk over your legs, and slide into the chair. You stir in your sleep, but still do not awaken. I sit there and take in your masculinity for several minutes. My hand finally strays over to touch your hair softly, your hand snaps up to grab my wrist suddenly! Your head turns and you mumble something... I just say "shhhhhhh, go to sleep". You obey and never even open an eye. 

I arise and carefully move out into the aisle, and with a caress on your cheek, I leave. Back in the lounge car, I meet up with a wild bunch from California and they teach me how to play Spades, which we play until the sun rises and we pull into Minneapolis. 

Meanwhile, you are getting cramps from trying to sleep in that chair. "Damn it all," you get up and plan to storm into your cabin and demand to sleep in the bed. Upon arriving, I am not there. Puzzled, you look to make sure you've got the right room. Yes. So, you enter and see my bag under the bed... 

Locking the cabin door, you start to go through my things, jeans, tops, hmmm nice dress.... Wondering what color my eyes are... hmmm, no bras, but several pairs of panties.... Soft peach silk, white cotton thong, black lacey panties with.. gasp.. with no crotch, ... fingering in and out of the material, your stomach tightens, ... the train's rhythm is rocking you back to sleep. You quickly put away the items and remove your restrictive clothing, down to your boxers, and climb into bed. Head touching the pillow, you are fast asleep.

The last of my new found friends have moved back to their sleeping cars and I am alone. Wandering back up the train, I feel the tiredness running through my body. Sleep, must have sleep. I enter the cabin car and try to open my door, it's locked. I reach in my pants, ahhh the key. I open the lock and slide in careful not to awaken the neighbors.

The first thing I notice is you, under MY sheets, on your back! I am astounded.... Yes, I was wishing for this God, but you've never answered this quickly. What should I do? Wake you up and kick you out? You are DEEP in REM sleep, so I decide to let myself do what I really want... after all, I am getting away from it all... I want to be free! I strip off my clothing, in the bathroom.

Entering the cabin, I could see the tint of sunlight trying to peek it's way in the horizon... the room had a slight warm glow, now. I climb into bed with you. You whisper something that I don't understand and continue sleeping. My hands explore your body softly, dreamily caressing every muscle you have! Getting bold, reaching lower.... Over your belly... lower.... To your fully erect manhood. Gasp! Uh, I LOVE men in the morning! 

I pull back the covers and slowly straddle your hips. Carefully lifting your member straight up, I take your head into my soft pussy lips, dripping with arousal of my wicked actions. As your head enters, your head throws back and moans... still dreaming. Slowly, I slide down on your hard shaft, centimeter by centimeter, eternally slow so as not to awaken you. Applying more pressure to try and take you wholly in... hmmm, now resting on your hips, your body instinctively grinds into mine as you slowly awaken. Now, your hands are on the move, thinking it's a dream still and you want to stroke yourself. Smile. Your hand meets my fiery red mound. 

Your eyes fly open, and see me... beautiful in the morning sunrise, long hair of fire, big hazel-green eyes, full lips, with on finger over my lips saying "Shhhhhh!" Looking down, you see my creamy white skin forming a valley between two rounded full breasts, peachy nipples tight with desire, down to glistening fire engulfing the raven. Creamy white thighs straddling your hips, in a delicious V. 

While you are taking in my body, I cream even more from the touch of your gaze, and rock into you with the motion of the train. Up and down, grinding a circle ... rhythmic sexual intercourse. Mmmmmm. I cannot believe what I am doing, and purposefully close my mind of anything but this erotic ride and you and the burning hot flame that is licking it's way up my spine, exploding into infinite shards of ice in my head. My lips form an O and I am washed away with the tide of ecstasy, spasming, arching crying out, all the while my hands gripping my breasts and nipples tightly. 

Without warning, your body completely ignores your will power and reaches the point where you want to explode inside me, your long fingers digging into the backs of my knees pulling in tightly, gasping for air.

Perched atop you, still keeping you trapped inside, I let my eyes come back into focus and look down at your body. Dark brown meets fiery hazel. "Shhhh..." I say, "just let me talk. I am taking control of this body you've got here. I found you in my bed and this is my room. That makes you a trespasser! So your punishment is this," and I rock my hips into yours hard, feeling you jump a mile into me. "You're just gonna have to lay back and let me fuck you, ok?"

With wide eyes, you nod. Never one to talk "dirty" while having sex, the freedom of saying the word "fuck" sent shivers up my spine.. so I try it again... grinding bit slower.

"Do you like the punishment your getting'?" Sliding my hips back, taking only your head in my lips, I work them very fast... "Do you like the sound of my sweetness sucking you?" Hearing the smacking noise of the rim of your head going in and out of me. You moan. I respond with: "Oh yesss, I feel your balls tightenin'... you gonna cum in me? Let me fuck you bit harder then." 

Working my hips into a deep thrust I am taking you in entirely, slamming into your body, feeling your balls becoming rocks on my cheeks. My clitoris has risen and is being stimulated by the base of your mound grinding into me... I am riding you hard and you see my hair and breasts, bouncing rhythmically. 

You grab my hips and grind up into me for endless minutes, until you finally explode hot lava into my frenzied hips. At the same moment, my climax has peaked and my sweet orgasm explodes too. "OH yes!" Locking my hips into yours and still rolling with you as you spend your last drop. I collapse into your arms and lay on your chest, my breasts heaving from my exertion.

You still want to say something, but I put my finger over your mouth and say "Shhhhhhhhhh!" I climb off your body, and dash into the bathroom, freshen up a bit and put my clothes back on. Then I put my wild hair into a quick braid and come out. You are sound asleep. HA! I walk over, and with a kiss I leave.

I wander up into the Observation Car, with the ceiling full of windows. I find a seat in the empty car in the front, and watch the surrounding scenery as we enter North Dakota. Still reeling from the sex, I wonder what the rest of the day will have in store?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I am riding up in the observation car, on the upper deck. Here I bask, in the ever growing sunrise, surrounded by windows on the sides and ceiling, a warm glass tube offering me a panoramic view of the speeding landscape. As I drift off to sleep, I feel my uterus finally release it's contraction, muscles relaxing as I fall into an endorphin laced sleep. The rocking of the car pushes me farther into slumber.

You arise, shaking your head and feeling your muscles aching... what an incredulous dream! You lay back, reaching your hand down to enjoy your body, the dream was so real; too real as you take note of the fragrance in the room. Man! Well, it has been a hectic month and the tension taking its toll on you. You shrug it off as stress induced fantasy, as you rise, shower and dress for the day. 
