 Usually it is just plain boring to ride on a train. From time to time I just have to do it anyway. What I usually do is spending most my time in the restaurant wagon, watching people.

So am I today. Sitting here in the restaurant wagon thinking about how to best waste my travel time today.

"Hi. Is this place free?"

Now, who is that? Lucky boy of the day? He sure looks so. I totally forgot that today is Friday. But it obviously is. Because on Friday all those hot young army boys jump the trains to go home for the weekend. Back to their girlfriends. Whom they have been away from all week long. Which makes them horny as something. Which is good for me.

"It sure is. Come sit down."

He is a hot little boy. Slightly shorter than me. Slim as well. But he still fills out his uniform the way I just like it. Which means that he is not one of those overly worked out blokes who can barely walk anymore. Or get up the right muscles when they should.

"My name is Tom."

"I'm Lynn. And pleased to meet you." Very pleased, I must say.

"You traveling alone or did you just leave your boyfriend back there in his seat?"

Now, that's what I call getting to the point.

"I'm all alone in here." - I say and, look down and put on my shyish little grin, blinking up to him. My right foot moves just the little bit forward so that my leg is touching his. I keep it right there. - "How about you? I guess you are here with all your hot little army friends?"

"Yeah, whatever. Army for sure but I don't know about the hot part."

"Why don't you finish your Coke and join me walking back to my seat?"

"Sure. Sounds good to me."

So I grab his hand and we start running out of the restaurant wagon and right through the next. After the second wagon he laughs and stops me, still holding on to my hand.

"Hey, wait. Or we will be right at the end of the train in ten seconds. And would like to watch your cute little ass in front of me a while longer."

With that he pulls me close, I lean in, and he starts to kiss me. And he can kiss. I part my lips and my tongue meets his. He softly pushes me against the window and gets closer. So close that I can feel his cock getting hard in his pants.

We part our kiss, look at each other, and start to explore each other with our hands. As much as possible right here in this train.

He leans in again, pulls some strains of my shoulder length blond hair out of my face and starts to kiss me again. All the while his other hand moves from my firm and round ass up my side. No wonder he grabbed my ass right away. I'm wearing my special tight jeans today. And if I may say so myself, this jeans does make my ass look hot. I am also wearing my tight pink top today. With a this red lace bra underneath that pushes up my C cup breasts nicely.

While our tongues explore each other again, his hand moves up further my side. He just stops with his hand at the side of my left breast and his thumb right below it. And I can feel he wants to go further. I just keep kissing him, grab his has with my right hand and move up my left arm along his side. This makes his hand slide up slightly so that he is now touching my breast. He groans, leans in even closer and massages my breast carefully. Nobody else around is complaining. So I guess nobody notices. Or cares.

Now I can clearly feel his cock pressing at me. Tim slides his hand back down my side. We stop our kissing for a moment and just look at each other. I adjust my top and move my finger slowly along the outline of my cleavage.

After a little moment Tim gives me just a short kiss on my lips, leans in even closer and starts kissing my neck. As he is just this bit shorter than me, it just looks like we are standing here, holding each other. As his kisses move to my front, I pull my hair down on both sides. Tim sees his chance and kisses the visible part of my breasts. His lips are so soft. Now it is my turn to groan silently. I grab his head and pull him tight while he starts using his tongue to lick along my breasts.

My right hand moves down his back and grabs his ass. I swing my left leg slightly around him. This allows me to tease his cock with my other leg without anybody noticing.

We break again. His lust is written in his face.

I just look over his shoulder at the door of one of those train toilets. Looking back at him, smiling, I just nod and he smiles back.

At the next moment where nobody is around us we just jump into the toilet.

After closing the door I grab him, push him against the wall and start to kiss him again. Both my hands grab his ass and pull him tight. Feeling his hard cock I start to loosen my grip for a moment and pulling him close right again. Keeping this up we start a humping rhythm at our waists.

At the next kissing brake his hands move down my front to the buttons of my jeans.

"Lynn..."

"Psst." - I say putting a finger on his lips.

He starts to unbutton my jeans. Button after button until they are all open. And he moves his right hand right in there and touches my already wet pussy through my red panties. While he keeps making slow rounds around my panties with his right hand, his left hand moves up my front again. This time below my top. I really enjoy that he does not seem to be in any particular hurry.

Tim starts to kiss me again. Now our tongues are playing with each other, his left hand is playing with my breast through my bra, and his right hand is playing with my pussy. I am so wet, I'm almost dripping through my panties.

His kisses start to trail down. He is at my neck, the next second he is at top outline of my breasts. His right hand comes up and both his hands take the straps of my top and bra and slide them slowly down my shoulders and arms. I wiggle my arms out of them. Taking his head in my hands I press him right at my breasts. He takes my top and bra, pushes them down and reveals my gorgeous breasts. Another groan escapes both him and me as he wraps his lips around my right nipple and starts licking on it. With one of his hands he is grabbing my free breast and grips the nipple between his fingers.

While I'm enjoying all his attention, I need more. And I need it now. Slowly but without hesitation I push his head down. He looks up at me and I can clearly see in his eyes how readily he agrees. Moving down he leaves a trail of kisses: first on both my breasts, then down my stomach, finally arriving at the waistband of my open jeans.

Using both his hands he pulls my jeans down, taking the panties right with it. His lips immediately move right to my pussy. I can feel his tongue entering my pussy hole.

"Yes. Eat my pussy. Eat me now. And eat my hard."

"Grmpf." - is all he can answer without stopping to do what he does.

To make this wonderful job easier for him, I make room for him to explore my pussy by lifting up my left leg and putting it right on his shoulder.

He looks up at me and I can see the big smile on his face.

One of Tim's hands comes up to caress my breasts and rock hard nipples. I take this hand in mine and guide him from one side to the other and back. With my other hand I push his head into my pussy. He responds my eating my even harder. His tongue is dancing around my clit and doing a wonderful job.

I start to feel myself trembling. And I don't know how he does it but Tim holds me tight and makes me stand safe in this moving train's toilet room. And I don't really care anymore how he does it as long as he just keeps doing it.

I am getting close now. Closer than close.

Holding his head with both my hands I am nearly humping his face by now. And then it comes.

"I'm cumming. Tim, I'm cumming."

He looks up at me briefly. I look him in his eyes. And then I cum. I rock his face. My juices start flowing right at him. And he just drinks it all. His hands are all over my ass now. I hold on his head, he holds on my ass. Both of us make sure his mouth stays at my pussy until I eventually calm down slowly.

I put my leg back down again. Standing firm, I grab him up and we kiss. We kiss deeply and I can taste my own pussy juices.

While still kissing I take him around we both change positions. Now it is him up against the wall and me fixing him right there so he can't move. Not that he seems to dare to move. Not at all.

A quick check at his groin makes sure I am right with that. I can feel his meat being hard in there. And I can feel how it cries to be released. Now, who am I to ignore such crying? Not wasting any time, I open up those buttons of his uniform pants. And push it right down. Getting onto my knees I push it further down his legs. My lips place little teasing kisses all over his orange boxer briefs. What a beautiful thing he put on there. And how beautifully it is filled.

I look up at him. He just smiles and nods his head.

"Oh Lynn..."

I stop him right there with pushing down those wonderful briefs with one quick move. His cock jumps up and directly in my face. Rock hard and about fifteen centimeters long. Some three to four fingers thick. Just the right amount of cock I love. Not wasting any time I start kissing its head.

"Oh suck..."

Which I'm already ready to do. Opening up my mouth I start taking his member right between my lips. Taking it slow at first. But I'm adjusting quickly. With my right hand I support myself by gripping the base of his dick and pumping it at the rhythm of my sucking. My left hands plays with his balls. Which are nice and full. I can feel how worked up he is.

Looking up I see he closed his eyes. Thinking about his girlfriend? Who knows? But now it's me. And only me.

Slowly I am taking in more and more of his member. Now I am increasing my pace. Sucking on his dick more vigorously. Then I feel his hands on the back of my head. He starts directing the speed. Which is just fine with me. All I want for now is to suck this beautiful cock.

"I'm going to cum soon."

His hands increase the speed. His cock is rapidly slipping in and out my mouth now. I take my hands away from his cock and start caressing my still naked breasts with them.

Looking back up at him I see that he opened his eyes again, taking in the whole scene. The look of his cock slipping in and out of my mouth and my hands taking care of my breasts brings him over the edge.

The first show of cum hits my throat. I almost gag at it but manage to just gulp it down. Further spurts keep comming. I take it all until he is spent completely.

With his dick getting limp again, I grab his ass and lick his cock as clean as it gets.

Getting up, I give him a big kiss.

"This was awesome. Thank you Lynn." - he whispers.

"It's all mine." - I respond.

With this we put our clothes back on.

"Are you going to be on this train next week again?" - Tim asks. 

I just smile at him, open the toilet door, and head for my seat. At the next station I have to get off anyway. Who knew such train rides could be so much fun?