 Several years ago there was this government sponsored campaign in the Netherlands that included large posters at the railway stations. I don't recall what the campaign was about -- safe sex probably -- but do remember the graphic nature of the posters and the commotion they caused. The posters pictured an 18-year-old boy and girl seated on a bed about to have sex. He was turned towards the camera and most you could see of him was his naked upper body. She was facing the camera and smiling, her legs wrapped around his waist, her breasts clearly visible.

I was still living at home with my parents at that time and would travel daily by train to get to school. I was doing a two year course in business studies and had just finished my first year when this campaign was running. Anyway, for me there was no avoiding these posters. I like the liberal nature of my country, but do wonder at times whether it wouldn't be better to be a little less liberal. I remember mom being outraged by the posters. They made me feel a little self conscious and at the same time I'd feel my body begin to respond slightly.

I wasn't very experienced yet, sex wise. My best friend Angela was less shy and at her place they were quite open about it, whereas my sex education consisted out of the things Angela told me. At that time it just wasn't something we discussed at home. I don't know whether it was because I'd always been too shy to ask and mom thought that easy - no questions, no answers - or whether it simply never occurred to her to tell anything besides "You'll need these soon" and dropping a few packs of sanitary napkins at the bottom of my wardrobe when I was about twelve. 

Anyway, Angela was a bit more outgoing, knew about things I'd never even heard of. We ended up swapping notes in one of the school's washrooms underneath the partitions as even she thought it too embarrassing to tell me face-to-face what a blow job was. And eating pussy. And anal sex.

She dated and lost her virginity to a cute guy in high school while my world still mainly evolved around homework. It took me a few more years to catch up. I was barely seventeen when I left high school a virgin, but when I finished my course in business studies I was still a bit shy, but definitely not a virgin anymore.

Even though Angela and I have always been very close, there was never anything more than friendship between us. Just thought you should know. We shared lots of things, but never boyfriends. And some of the things that I'd like to share with you, I have only recently told her. Today's story being one of them and yes, I'm getting back to those posters.

It was during the summer holidays and Angela and I had told our parents we'd go shopping in one of the larger cities in the North of my country. It would be a girls' day out: shopping, chatting, more shopping and perhaps a movie. That's what we told our parents... However, Angela had secretly been seeing this guy whom she knew her parents wouldn't approve of: he was a few years older, a bit of a wild looking guy in leather jacket, boots and some tattoos and he had his own bike. Honestly, he was a sweet, gentle guy; he just tried to look a bit tough. Angela preferred spending some 'quality time' with him and therefore she'd hop off at the next stop. She'd given me some money and I would go shopping for the both of us. I was fine with that. That's what friends are for, right?

Anyway, as we sat in the train waiting for it to depart, we had this brilliant view of one of these posters. Angela loved it, I would have preferred it to be a little less explicit. It was quiet in the train: school holidays and 10am, in our compartment there were just the two of us and a 40-something guy dressed in a business suite across the isle. We spoke softly about the poster, but as the train wasn't moving yet the man could probably still hear it all anyway. At least, when I looked his way our eyes met. He looked purposefully at the poster and then back at me, raising an eyebrow. It almost felt like an invitation. When I glanced at him again he smiled at me and rubbed his crotch briefly. I flushed and was glad that Angela didn't notice anything and that the train began to move.

Angela chatted on and on about her boyfriend and I managed to respond at the right moments with the right comments. Yes, he was cute. Yes, he was handsome. Yes, he had a cool bike and no, not too sure whether she should take a tattoo as well. Every once in a while I'd glance at the guy and his erection was hard to miss. When the ticket inspector showed up, the guy had already put his jacket in his lap and pretended to be reading his newspaper. The inspector left and I knew that we'd probably not see him again.

We arrived at the next station where Angela had to get off. She squeezed passed me and smiled.

"Have fun and I'll text you!"

"Yeah, behave yourself," I smiled back, knowing full well what she and her boyfriend would be up to. Angela got off the train and I saw that her boyfriend was waiting for her. I watched as they hugged and kissed before the train started to move again.

I carefully looked around, but the man across the isle and I were still the only people in our compartment. Normally I'd have taken the window seat that Angela had just vacated, but that would also block most of my view of the man as I was facing the back of the seats right in front of me. The man had taken a seat in a section where the seats across from him were actually facing him, so four people could sit together there.

As I glanced his way again he caught my eyes and smiled. Then, barely perceptible, he nodded at his groin and I couldn't help but look. He'd put his paper and jacket aside and his dark pants formed a tent at his crotch. I couldn't look away, completely mesmerized as he slowly unbuckled his pants. I felt my heart hammer and my mouth went dry. He unzipped his pants and I think he may have smiled at me again, but I was too engrossed with the hand that pushed his briefs down while the other took a large, erect cock out of its awkward position.

I didn't realise that I was biting my lip, until I tasted blood. I felt his eyes on me as he slowly started stroking his cock. I swallowed, but my mouth still felt dry. He moved his hand slowly up and down his shaft, stroking the tip with his thumb. When he reached his other hand towards me as an invitation I hesitantly stood up, took my bag and moved towards him. He patted on the seat beside him and I sat down and watched as he continued to masturbate. Watching him and hearing his heavy breathing turned me on. My panties were already damp from simply staring across the isle, but now I felt my body response more urgently.

"You like this?" he asked quietly, looking from me to his cock and back again. I could only nod, not trusting my voice. While he ran his left hand up and down his cock, his right hand found its way to my left thigh. I was wearing a knee length skirt and a rather tight shirt. His hand on my bare thigh sent strong signals to my body. My nipples hardened and my pussy became wetter. My heart pounded loudly and my breathing became heavier. I sank down in my seat as his hand slowly wandered up my leg until he reached my panty clad pussy.

"Mmm," he murmured,"Wet panties..."

All I could do was moan and push myself against his probing fingers. He leaned closer and whispered: "Take them off..."

I blinked and turned to him. He was wearing thin rimmed glasses and his grey eyes bore into mine and I nodded. Lifting up my bottom I reached underneath my skirt and quickly pulled down my panties and took them off. He held out his hand and took them from me. He smelled them briefly before putting them out of sight within the folds of his jacket

"Very nice," he smiled before looking at his cock again which shone with pre-cum.

"Ever sucked a man's cock before?"

I nodded and he spread his legs while glancing at his watch.

"You've got about fifteen minutes..."

"OK," my voice was hoarse. I looked quickly around just to make sure we were absolutely alone before I slid down the seat and turned towards him, positioning myself between his legs. I gingerly touched the tip of his cock and felt him shudder. I moved a bit closer and licked the drop of pre-cum off the head. I could tell he liked that. I took his shaft in my hand and started stroking him.

"Oh baby...," he sighed as he sank a little further down his seat, touching my face.

I licked the tip again, before I gently started to suck it and got rewarded by another deep sigh. As one hand moved up and down his shaft, my other hand cradled his balls and gently rubbed and squeezed them. He liked that too. I licked my lips before opening my mouth wider. I slid my lips around his large mushroom, sucking it, letting my tongue run over it.

He groaned and I moaned as I felt my pussy leak some juice that slowly trickled down my thighs. His hands moved to my head and I sensed his urgency as his fingers dug in my skull.

"Mmm," I moaned as I took his cock deeper inside my mouth. He pushed me tighter onto his prick and I got the message. One hand cupped his balls, the other started stroking his cock harder and faster and my face bobbed up and down his large cock, taking him a little deeper every time his cock slid back in.

"Oh yes baby!" he groaned, "Eat my cock."

I complied, my hand on his cock preventing him from sliding down my throat. He was simply too big. He started to thrust his hips and I heard him growl. Within seconds I felt his cum shoot into my mouth and I quickly swallowed and managed to keep it all in. His cock slid out off my mouth and I looked up at him. His grey eyes bore down in mine again and he smiled and nodded his approval while stroking my dark hair. 

He looked at his watch. There was still time. He gestured that I should sit down and I did so. It was his turn to get to his knees. He spread my legs and pulled me close to the edge of the seat and my eyes grew large when I realised what he was going to do. I'd been fingered before, but never had someone eaten my pussy. There was nothing that could have prepared me for that feeling: the warm roughness of his wet tongue lapping at my slit, teasing my clit and poking at the entrance of my pussy.

"Oh my gosh!" I cried out when he decided that just his tongue wouldn't do and gently pushed a finger inside of me. I bucked against his face and felt how my orgasm was building up inside of me. He inserted another finger and started pumping in and out of my pussy while his tongue remained working miracles on my clit. 

"Oh...! Oh...!" I moaned as I was so close to cumming. My eyes were closed, my legs draped over this stranger's shoulders, his face buried in my pussy licking and sucking it, his fingers diligently working their way in and out of my warm, wet cunt. I could feel that I was so close, any second now and- 

The train was slowing down. The next stop was being announced by the cheerful voice of the train driver and that totally killed the mood. I half sat, half lay on my seat, panting as I felt the feeling of a close orgasm subside. 

The guy had stopped and looked up at the window where the scenery passed by slower and slower. Not enough time. 

"This your stop?" he asked. I shook my head. 

He got back in his seat and I quickly adjusted my clothes. He didn't really bother, just put his jacket on his lap again, making sure my panties didn't fall out, and then folded his hands on top of it. We sat like that opposite eachother as if nothing had happened. 

The train came to a stop. We sat in silence. He observed me, while I observed him. In his fourties for sure. Glasses, grey eyes, short dark hair, slim build, business suit, tie, wedding ring. I swallowed. He followed my gaze and shrugged his shoulders at me. Angela had the cute guys, I tended to end up with married men. Maybe I should pick guys my own age...

I looked up when the door in the back of the compartment opened and a guy in his late twenties got in. He sat down straight away, not anywere near us, but still... The man across from me had looked around as well, but then turned back at me. He pursed his lips and slightly shook his head. It's amazing how few words people really need.

We heard the train's departure signal and a little later the train started to move again. The next stop was the train's final destination. It would take nearly twenty minutes. The man looked around once more before removing his jacket. His cock was still hard and he started stroking again and my pussy responded immediately by becoming wetter. He could tell as I started squirming in my seat. 

"Show me," he said and after only a short hesitation I lifted my skirt high enough for him to see my pussy. His eyes were dark with lust staring at me while I started fingering myself. Rubbing my overly sensitive clit and pushing two fingers inside of me. I felt my own tightness and tried to enter myself as deeply as I could, eager to feel that little, a bit rougher spot at the front. It was so frustrating as I knew my g-spot was there and knowing that I could only barely reach it. 

We kept the same rhythm: his hand running up and down his shaft, my fingers going in and out of my pussy. I closed my eyes as my orgasm was once again so close, I could feel the juice running down my fingers and thighs. I rubbed my clit like crazy and threw my head back against the seat when I felt my pussy contract around my fingers and wave after wave of pure extacy came over me. My body convulsed and bucked on the seat. I felt my cheeks flush with the warmth of a great orgasm. I still don't know how I managed to keep the volume of my moans to a minimum. I sat shaking and trembling until I finally came back to my senses. My fingers slid out of my pussy and I opened my eyes, lazily looking at the man across from me who was smiling once again and still stroking his cock, albeit in a slower pace

"That was good," I managed to murmur, not sure whether he was interested in hearing that. I squeezed my legs together and wanted to pull my skirt down when he said:

"I want to fuck you."

I froze. My hands holding the hem of my skirt. Fuck me? I didn't even know him! Somehow that seemed a bit like a bridge too far. Odd perhaps as I'd already given him a blow job, he'd sucked me and I'd just fingered myself in front of him. Fucking seemed just a little, you know, too much? Plus there was still this other guy at the far end of the compartment and sure, the sounds of the train would block most of our sounds, but still. What if he'd see us?

He bent over and signalled to me to do the same and I did.

"I want to fuck you," he repeated, his face very close to mine.

"I know," I replied a bit silly, after all, he'd just told me twice. I tried to avoid his eyes, but his hand reached for me and held my chin.

"Fuck me," he told me and then he leaned backwards again, patting his lap. I looked across the compartment, trying to see what the other guy was doing, but all I could see was his hair. The man in front of me had started stroking his cock again and stared hard at me. His grey eyes like steel. 

It was as if I watched someone else get to her feet. My heart once more hammering inside my chest as I spread my legs and moved onto his lap. 

"Good girl," he murmured and his hands slid up my thighs and under my skirt where he started rubbing and squeezing my ass cheeks. I moved forwards until I felt his cock against my tummy. I stared over his head towards the other guy of whom I could now see a little more. He seemed to be staring out of the window. Probably listening to some music. He probably wouldn't notice a thing. Right? 

The man's hands travelled towards my shirt which he pushed up till above my breasts. I have a c-cup which he seemed to like. He undid the clasp of my bra and pushed that upwards as well. My nipples were rather large and erect. He kissed them and nibbled at them, his hands felt rough on my skin.

I let my fingers run through his hair, pulling his face close to my breasts. Enjoying his lips and tongue on my sensitive nipples. My pussy automatically moved against his crotch, knowing what was there and needing the feel of it. I moaned softly as he sucked at my breasts. One hand had moved down again and started rubbing my pussy, entering it and easily finding that nice little spot that I had such a hard time reaching myself. I started humping his fingers until he withdrew and I groaned a 'no...' in his ear. I heard him chuckle, before he murmured in my ear:

"Lift yourself a little."

I did so and he slid his large cock inside of me. I slowly lowered myself and felt it fill me up. It felt so good and I knew it would feel so much better real soon. I started grinding my pussy on his balls, his cock deep inside of me. With his hands supporting my ass I began riding him. Slowly at first, but soon faster and harder. He thrust his hips upwards and soon the sound of our fucking filled my ears. His balls slapping against my ass as I dug my fingers in his shoulders, my knees resting on his seat. My breasts jiggled in front of his face and he pressed his face between them, not caring about his glasses. 

I had my eyes closed, my head thrown backwards, as I rode him hard. "Oh god, oh god," I whimpered as his cock slammed in and out of me. Deep, hard and fast. I heard him groan and something like "Fuck me hard" filtered through my brain. So close, I was so close... We slowed down a little and I opened my eyes and looked at him. His glasses askew on his nose, a smile on his face.

"So good, baby," he whispered, "Go on girl, I want to cum inside of you..."

I slowly picked up speed again and looked over his head towards the end of the compartment and met a pair of blue eyes. I froze. I looked down at the man whose cock was deep inside my pussy and about to fill me with his creamy cum. When I looked back up the other man was still staring. Staring and smiling. There was a large grin on his face. The man on whose lap I sat started thrusting harder again and I couldn't help but moan. My eyes locked with the pair at the far end as I bounced up and down this hard, hungry cock. 

"Oh god..." I moaned, my cheeks flushing crimson with the need to cum and a vague sense of embarrassment. 

"Oh yes, baby," I heard him murmur, "Cum with me, oh, that's a good girl, fuck me hard, baby."

And that's what I did. While the guy at the end of the compartment got to his feet and came closer, I rode a man's cock like I'd never ridden one before. The other man had taken out his cock as well and sat down at a seat where I could see his every move. He kept staring at me while jacking himself off. 

I felt my pussy tighten around the cock inside of me, heard the slapping of the guy's balls against me and felt his fingers on my hips. He groaned and his cock seemed to tense before he filled me once more with his cum. 

"Oh fuck...!" I cried as my own orgasm washed over me, my warm cum mixing with his.

His hands stroked my hair, my back, my ass. His tongue lapped at my nipples while my pussy milked his cock for every last drop of cum. I held his face close to my breasts while I watched as the other guy jacked himself off. I saw his face contort and his hand slowed down. With slow, deliberate strokes he finished the job: thick ropes of cum left the tip of his cock. I couldn't help but lick my lips. That would've tasted so good.... He smiled at me as he saw my face and I smiled back at him. He cleaned himself up a little and stuffed his cock back inside his jeans. He raised a hand in 'thank you' and my smile grew wider.

"That good for you, huh?" I heard a voice close to me and I looked down into the grey eyes of the man I'd just fucked. I simply nodded and eventually slid off his lap. The driver announced the final stop and hoped we'd had our train ride. We made ourselves presentable. I watched as he put my panties in his briefcase. Together we walked towards the doors while the train moved slowy to a halt. I looked across the compartment to the exits at the far end and met the other guy's eyes. Wë smiled at eachother and then the doors opened and he got off. The man I'd fucked let me get out first and as I walked passed him he quietly said:
