  Like most of my stories, this one is based on "true events". Either I have lived it, talked with someone who did or met the characters and had them tell me of an experience of theirs. It's a lot of fun. Hope you enjoy.

Dirk Stimson

*****

Let's start with me. I'm forty four years old. My name is Dave Daniels. I am divorced with no children. I was vice president of a tech company that developed an application for the on-line dating business that we were able to sell for a lot of money.

Since I spent most of my time on the computer, often working from home in my shorts, my medieval parents never thought I worked. Well, not like my dad who had been a baker for thirty years.

I went to my parents' home after the sale was complete to share the good news. My dad said "Good - now, you gonna get a real job?"

That was when I felt it was time to leave Minnesota, its frigid winters and move to Florida. I now invest in start-ups and do some consulting. I had been a middle distance runner in college so since I was done with sixteen hour days, I took up running once again.

A good friend of mine called me one day to ask a favor. He was out of town for a couple of weeks and found a projector system he wanted on Craig's List. The lady that wanted to sell it was about twenty miles from my condo, but what the hell, Jerry was a bud and I sure had the time on my hands.

I called the number Jerry gave me and a lady with an accent answered. Now in Florida this is no big deal, but the accent we hear the most by far is Spanish - and this lady was no way Hispanic. Best bet? Eastern European. 

I told her I could come by about eleven the next morning and got an okay, she would hold the projector.

I ran my five mile route in the morning - it was summer in Central Florida, best to have your running done before eight AM. Had a couple of conference calls. I plugged the address she had given me in my iPhone and found it was in Wedgefield Estates. Why is every development in Central Florida "Estates" or "Reserves" when most of the homes are under two thousand feet and have garages stuffed with everything except cars?

It had not yet hit ninety degrees, so I put the top down on the Porsche (fruits of the sale) and headed into the country. The drive was pleasant, and Wedgefield Estates turned out to be this kind of bucolic development with unimaginative homes on large lots. 

There were mostly middle class cars and some large tractor sections of a tractor trailer, indicating a long distance trucker lived there.

 

Three turns brought me to an attractive home without a pink flamingo in the front yard, some toys on the small front steps and a four door Honda in the driveway. The door was answered by a rather heavy set woman with large breasts, beautiful green eyes and thick chestnut hair cut short.

She was wearing a rather tight short sleeved tee shirt with "Space Coast" on the front and shorts that showed sturdy legs, a bit thicker than they should have been. "Mister Daniels? Please come in."

Polish? Russian? Had to be. "Yes ma'am. Tanya?"

She broke into a huge smile that lit her whole face and showed very white teeth behind some full lips. "Yes, Tanya."

She waved me into a small living room where two girls somewhere between three and five stared at me with huge eyes. "Girls!" She said sharply, followed by a string of words that definitely sounded Russian to me.

They took off giggling past a small dining room into a large space I guess you could call a "Great Room" with white sofas and chairs - not a good idea I thought, with two youngsters in the house.

She turned on a huge flat screen television, must have been at least sixty two inches and the girls sat down - much too close, I thought - to watch some cartoon stuff.

 

She led me back into the dining room and lifted what I guessed was the projector on the table. She pulled up a laptop and gave me a quick demo of the projector. It flashed a large picture on the opposite wall and seemed to be in working order.

Just then the front doorbell rang. "Must be Alina," she said and went to the door. I turned my head and there was a younger looking woman, I'd say middle thirties.

She brought Alina to the dining room and introduced me. Alina was smaller and shorter than Tanya. She had blonde hair down to her shoulders and a loose fitting v-necked short sleeved shirt. She too wore shorts but her legs were just terrific. Okay, I'm a boob guy, but I couldn't tell much about Alina; the shirt was too loose fitting.

Alina leaned against the opening to the great room while Tanya and I finished up the business with the projector. I put it back in the box and slid it across the table to pick it up.

"You are runner?" Tanya suddenly asked.

I realized I was wearing a tee shirt from my running group, The Track Shack Runners. "Oh, yeah, I answered. It's the group I run with. We do some races, but mostly just like to run roads and trails."

Alina stood away from the wall. "You look in good shape."

I picked up the box, getting ready to leave. "Well, yeah, I try. Running, I find is the best thing for your heart, your weight control - almost everything, if you do it right."

Tanya spoke up. "I always want to learn to run. But I have no breath." Okay, so here was a subject about which I was pretty much an evangelist. I put the box back down on the dining room table.

"Tanya, that is what comes as you get better at it. Look there are a few simple things I can show you and you can take it from there - if you are really interested."

"Oh - I would love to. I was once small girl -believe me or not, in Russia.

"

"Oh, I can believe that. You know, you are still a beautiful woman, but with a few less pounds..."

Alina broke into a tinkling giggle. "A few less? Not enough. No way."

I felt this strange need to come to Tanya's defense. "Look, ladies. It is not an overnight thing. You have to stay with it. But Tanya, you will be incredible if you have the patience."

She stood up. She was a good three inches taller than me. "These," she said, pushing her breasts up, "were once beautiful. But after two kids and American food..."

"And they can be again. Can I ask how old you are?"

"Forty one."

"Oh God, lady - you could be as you were. Promise." I had to throw a dig at Alina. "And you too, Alina - you better watch your shape."

"I would like to exercise," she said in a small voice.

I turned back to Tanya. "What about your husband? Does he work out?"

She laughed a hearty laugh. "Peter is in Poland for a month on business. No, he makes me look skinny. Okay, Mr. Daniels, what do I do to start?"

By now the kids were running around the great room and it was getting loud.

"Well..." I started.

Tanya held up a hand. "Alina" - followed by a stream of Russian. Alina nodded and went into the great room to restore order.

"Mr. Daniels,"

"Please - Dave."

"Okay, Dave - can you come in the bedroom where we can have some quiet? Don't worry, I am harmless."

I held up both my hands. "Hey, whatever."

She led me through the great room to a door next to the TV. It led to a short hall with a bathroom at the end and two doors, one on each side. She opened the one to the right and led me in to a decent sized bedroom with a king sized bed covered in pink and blue. Not my taste, but..

.

"Sit down Mr. - Dave." She motioned me to a large chair in the corner. She stood about five feet in front of me. 

"Now, what is first thing I need?"

"First? Shoes. Biggest expense, but most necessary."

She nodded and moved to a double door closet across from the bed. She opened one door and rummaged inside. She came up with a good looking pair of Nikes and handed them to me, standing in front of me.

"Wow, Tanya, these are great. Expensive too. If you don't run, or exercise, why do you have these?"

She blushed from her chest to her cheeks. "I thought maybe someday, I want my shape back. But you are first to talk to me seriously."

"Well, this is a good start."

"Good. What else I need?"

"Well, the shorts you're wearing are fine for a start. The shirt as well."

"That all?"

I took a deep breath, my eyes on those large breasts of hers. "Umm, do you have any other bras?"

She smiled and seemed embarrassed. "Yah, in drawer." She went to one of the dressers on the other side of the room, opened a drawer and pulled out two or three bras. "These," she said with a little color in her cheeks.

She held them out to me. "Okay asshole," I said to myself, "what sort of expertise you going to apply now?"

"They all right?" Her brow was wrinkled and she looked really concerned. I sighed, reached over and took one from her hand.

"I don't know if these are large enough or tight enough. You see the idea of a sports bra is so that you can run and not...well...flail yourself to death." I tried a weak smile.

"Dave, I think you are smart man. Very American. Very handsome. I trust you." With that she reached down and pulled the tee shirt over her head. She stood in front of me, her large breasts bursting from her bra. Without hesitation she reached down and took off her shorts. She wore a simple white set of panties underneath and I could see a solid red bush around her pussy.

"What I need to do?"

"Wow, Tanya. That's a little more than I expected. Here, umm - try this bra you handed me. You can go in the bathroom, I'll wait."

She smiled again, reached behind her and undid her bra. Her breasts stood up a lot better than I had imagined. They did not sag, just by their sheer volume, they filled her chest. She took the other bra from me and put it on. It was tighter and her breasts swelled above it. I meanwhile was getting a solid hard on.

"This okay?" She said with the innocence of a child.

"Well, what the hell," I thought. The cute little blonde in the other room, two little kids in the great room and here I am with a large, voluptuous and I must say, rather sexy one in a bra and panties.

I stood in front of her and lifted both breasts in my hands. "A sports bra would lift them like this and they would stay still and firm, understand?"

She looked at me through half closed eyes. Her cheeks were even more red and she was breathing hard. She took my hands and pushed them against her breasts and took my thumbs and pressed them against her nipples.

"I could get thin and pretty enough for you to be interest in me?" She said it softly, her lips trembling.

I began to massage her nipples through the bra fabric. She moved right up to me and put her arms around me. She was a half a head taller than me. I reached up just a little and found those full lips. She kissed me hard.

She backed up, went to the door and locked it. Without turning around, she undid her bra and dropped her panties. She turned to me with a serious look on her face.

"Dave, I not been loved in two months. Peter, he doesn't..." I saw tears begin to fall on her cheeks. I went quickly to her and took her in my arms. She held on to me so tightly I thought I wouldn't be able to move. 

She took my hand and led me to the bed. She leaned over and pulled back that awful blue and pink spread. The sheets underneath were gray - a little better.

As she leaned I looked at her buttocks. They were solid and round and not fat or with any wrinkles. This lady had done some physical labor in her life.

She turned back to me with a shy smile on her face. She sat on the edge of the bed and put her arms out to me. Still fully clothed, I moved to the bed. She reached for the bottom of my tee shirt and lifted it over my head. She looked down and could not miss the roaring hard on through my shorts.

She took my belt, undid it and unzipped the fly. She pulled my shorts down and then my Jockeys. My cock stood straight up. Now, I have no porn star dimensions, a good six, maybe six and a half inches - but I've never had any complaints. 

My ex used to say "you can't tell the depth of the well from the length of the handle on the pump."

She took me in her hand and looked up at me with those green eyes. "Dave, you are beautiful man." She moved to the center of the bed and laid there.

I came up on the bed and leaned over her.

"Tanya," I said softly. "We just met. You don't know me. Are you sure?"

She reached up and covered my lips with her hand.

"I know you, Dave Daniels. I want you should love me."

She pulled me on top of her, spread her legs and took my cock in her hand again. Slowly she guided me in to her dripping pussy. As soon as I was in her, she thrust her large hips up and grabbed me by the ass and began to thrust up and down, muttering - in Russian, I guess.

I kept up with her as best I could as she moved up and down and then put those strong legs around my back pulling me even farther into her. I was sweating and straining and holding on. It was marvelous and scary and different. Finally she took her legs from me and placed her feet on either side of me and lifted her legs, holding my face close to hers.

I grabbed her solid buttocks and pulled her further into me as I felt her pussy tighten around me. I began to move side to side inside her, feeling a little air escape from her tight lips every time I did. I moved back a bit and took one arm under each leg at the knee and lifted her legs over my head. I braced my knees on the bed and got lost feeling her hands clutching my back and watching her eyes squint and then open fully, biting her lips.

"I coming, Dave...I coming," she whispered. I felt her pussy tighten and unable to hold back, I came as hard as I ever came in my life. Her head shook violently from side to side, she moaned loudly and she shuddered. I felt her juices squirt over my cock and run down my balls.

Finally, both of us bathed in sweat, she collapsed under me and slowly her breath slowed down. She put one hand behind my head and put her lips close to my ear.

"Dave, you are best fuck I ever have. I still want to learn to run, okay?"

It was hard for me not to laugh. I sighed. "Tanya, if you can learn to run like you make love, you'll win the goddam New York Marathon."

Then she began to laugh. We both had the giggles. Suddenly I heard a knock at the door. She looked up at me and put her hand on my mouth. She turned her head towards the door.

"Tanya? Are you okay?" It was Alina.

Tanya pushed me off her and swung her legs over the side of the bed. "We are fine, Alina. We are going over running things. Everything okay?"

"Time for the kids' naps. I need little help out here, okay?"

"I be right there. Get them in bedroom."

She hurriedly dressed, her face still flushed. "Make bed," she whispered to me. She slipped out through the door and left me lying on the bed, covered in sweat, my cock limp.

I got up, went through the door that I was sure led to the bathroom and washed my face and my crotch. I came back in the bedroom and made the bed as best I could. 

Looking for a cover of some kind, I picked up Tanya's shoes and went back out into the hall. The two girls were sitting at the kitchen table, each with a coke in their hands.

"Ah, these will do fine, Tanya. I mean when you want to start..."

Alina had a wicked smile on her face. "You know Dave Daniels, I want to learn what you teach Tanya. It puts me in good shape, too?"

"Uh-oh..." I thought. I may have bitten off more than I can chew, if you will pardon the apt expression. "Well, yeah, I guess...sure. You girls ready to start learning to...um...run?"

They both laughed. Tanya said "Alina's husband Miro is partner with Peter. They both in Poland now. Good time for us to learn new things."

I looked at my watch. I did have some work to do today. "Okay ladies, I think I understand the type of training you both need. Shall we say Saturday morning at ten?"

"Fine, Dave Daniels," said Tanya. "I remember what you tell me today. Saturday we both have shoes and training bra, right?"

"Well, that's a start. See you on Saturday..." I kept shaking my head all the way home. What the hell happened today?

•***

**

The rest of the week was a blur of activity. I had meetings out at the University about becoming an Adjunct Professor to teach a class on entrepreneurship, put together an advisory board for one of the startups in which I'm invested and had a meeting with a Homeless Charity about moving homeless families into permanent housing.

I did get to run and do my cross-training. Friday afternoon, when I do my bookkeeping, the phone rang for the gillianth time that day. It was Tanya.

"Dave? Is Tanya. We going to run tomorrow - you me and Alina?"

"Tanya! So glad you called to confirm. Of course. I'll see you at your house about ten?"

"Good. Dave? We both got running bras. Can't wait for you to see them, okay?" And she hung up.

I sat still holding the phone. Damn. She was bigger than me, she fucked like an Olympian and she really wanted to learn to run? We shall see.

It was getting hot by ten the next day, but fortunately clouds were rolling in. It meant the afternoon showers would be early and the edge would be off the heat. 

The plan was to spend a few minutes showing Tanya and Alina how they should plant their feet, how to stride, where to hold their arms - low, at their sides - and then do a little road test, walking and running.

I rang the doorbell. I was dressed in my running shorts, a light sleeveless running jersey and my Asics. I had half a dozen towels and a dozen bottles of water in the Porsche.

Tanya opened the door. I have to admit, she looked great. Her chestnut hair was pulled back, showing off her strong face and solid jaw. She was wearing a tee shirt and it was obvious her breasts were in a tight running bra, but cleavage was undeniable.

"Dave, thank you for coming," she said loudly and took me in her arms with a real Russian bear hug, except she ground her pelvis into me as she did.

 

"A deal is deal," I said lightly and put my hands on her hips to escape. I stepped into the living room and there was Alina, sitting on the edge of one of the chairs. 

She was wearing a very tight tee shirt that showed off well-formed arms and breasts snug under her running bra. She had on really short running shorts and her legs looked like she was doing some kind of exercise.

She stood up and gave me a quick hug. "Thank you Mr. Daniels. This is most kind of you."

"Please, both of you. It's just Dave. Let me say that this is probably the worst time to start running in Florida because of the heat. So we'll take it easy. 

If at any point you decide this is not for you, don't feel bad. We'll find some other exercise to train with." As soon as it was out of my mouth I got it. Shit! I'm beginning to talk naturally in double entendres. 

"Okay, let's start with this. Your muscles have to be stretched before you begin any strenuous exercise. Have either of you done any stretching exercises? 

They looked at each other and shrugged. "You show us?" Tanya put her hands on her generous hips.

"Okay - can we go in that other room? We are going to need some room. By the way, where are the young ones?"

Tanya grabbed my shoulder on the way into the Great Room. "Play date. Then sleepover. We free until tomorrow morning."

I taught them some basic stretches, they seemed to get it.

"Okay, ladies, we take to the outdoors." 

We walked out to the driveway.

"Tanya, you first. I want you to run down the street to the house next door. That's all. Then walk back."

Tanya walked to the end of the driveway, took a deep breath and lumbered down the street to next door. I clocked maybe a dozen things wrong with her breathing and her form, but at least she made it to next door.

Alina was better. She was lighter on her feet, she managed to keep her arms low and did not seem in the least winded when she walked back.
