 These are some definitions of the word elegant; tasteful, high quality, refined, exquisite. Perhaps the best one is "perfection with nothing left to add."

The use of the word is seldom considered when one is describing copulation. The sounds and actions of two people fucking would normally not elicit its use. Terms such as; sweaty, animal like, steamy, mindless and "out of control" would more likely come to mind.

Some may wonder at the use of the word 'elegant' as an adjective for a fuck, but I believe it can be appropriate on occasion. I use it to describe a sexual encounter where everything seems to be pre-ordained. The minds and bodies of the partners are completely in tune; and although there may not have been a plan the result would be as elegant as a ballet duet. 

In my experience an elegant fuck does not happen often. All fucking is good or really good mind you, but the elegant ones provide memories for life. The elegance achieves an even higher level when a taste of the forbidden or of danger is added. Despite enjoying several elegant fucks with my wife over the years, my most memorable one was with my brother's wife Susan. 

Susan and I had always had a thing for each other. We had touched and kissed often over many years. There was always that feeling that we wanted each other. I believed that she was there for me if I chose. But, she was my brother's wife. Our aching desire for each other remained a fantasy. 

A few years ago I joined them at their summer cottage for a weekend of sun, swimming and fishing. I had been traveling a lot and looked forward to the rest and relaxation that only a cabin on a lake can provide. 

I arose the first morning to find that my brother and his two sons had already gone fishing in the boat. Following a shower I was sitting at the kitchen table enjoying my first cup of coffee when Susan came up behind me and laid a good morning kiss on my forehead. 

She had just finished toweling off after showering and her hair was still damp. She was wearing a light robe reaching just about knee length. The way her body moved under the robe strongly suggested that she was not wearing bra or panties. Susan's body is not as firm as it once was, but it is every bit as desirable to my mind. She poured a cup coffee and brought the pot to the table. 

She reached around me to freshen my cup and rubbed her hip on my shoulder, her free hand lingered on my neck, fingers tracing little circles on my skin. She remained there as if not wanting to lose touch. 

I began to rub the small of her back in response to her touches. She pulled my head against her tit and bent down over me, brushing her lips through my hair. The vibes passing between us were much stronger than I had ever experienced. I was not certain about her but my heart was pounding like hell.

I slipped my hand down her back to her cheeks. How I had yearned to do just that for years. She made no move and I sensed she wanted more. I cupped the cheek in my hand and then lowered it down to the back of her legs. I ran a finger along the crease of her cheek and upper leg and then forced the edge of my hand between her cheeks. She held my head more tightly, her lips pressed against my forehead. Her robe parted enough for me to see most of her tits. 

I moved my hand down under the hem of her robe and slipped it up along her satin legs to her bare cheeks. She murmured, "Jim we have time." 

I had a raging hard-on and my cock had worked its way upwards along my belly until the knob was trapped under the waistband of my swimming trunks. Susan began to run her palm along the outline of my cock. 

We kissed softly at first, and then allowed our passion free reign as our mouths opened and our tongues engaged.

"I have wanted you forever Susan," I groaned. 

She replied, "I know, I have had the same feelings for you, this may be the only chance we will ever have."

I turned my chair to face her and opened her robe. She placed her hands on my shoulders and leaned over me as I ravenously sucked and licked tits and nipples. She moved her legs each side of my knees, spreading herself. I looked down at the trimmed bush of her pussy. I could make out the protruding lips framed between her silken thighs. 

"Touch me for God's sake, feel me," she murmured "Lets fuck Jim; I am dying to feel your cock in me." 

I closed my hand around her pussy, rubbing the heel of it against her mound while my fingers slipped between her legs along each side of her slit. I caressed and teased the lips, feeling the wetness develop until one finger slid easily into her hole.

She pushed the waistband of my suit down and grasped my hard cock. We pleasured each other with our hands as our mouths engaged again in hot sloppy passionate kisses. I lifted my butt as she pushed the suit to the floor. 

She moved over top of me in the chair, maneuvering to place her pussy over my throbbing cock. Her pussy lips licked and sucked my knob before slowly devouring the entire shaft. 

"Jesus yes" I groaned, as she settled down slowly as my cock parted the velvet folds and hot licking tongues inside her pussy. She rubbed her tits on my face before feeding me a nipple. We ground away at each other. I was ready to go for it all until she slowly lifted off. My wet cock slipped out of her cunt as she backed away from me.

She draped her robe over her shoulder and turned and walked to my bedroom. Turning her head back to me she said, "I want it in bed with you, no rushing or shortcuts, I want it all, I want you to fuck me properly."

I watched her jiggling naked ass for a few seconds before standing to follow her as if in a trance. She stood waiting at the edge of the bed and our bodies glued together as if compelled by attracting magnets. 

We stood there for a while with our tongues buried in each other's mouths, skin to skin. My cock was between her legs slipping back and forth along her slit. 

She sat down on the edge of the bed and took my cock in her mouth. She immediately began to suck and lick it while gently fondling my balls. I was ready to cum when she slowly slipped her mouth off of my cock and lay back on the bed with her feet still on the floor. 

No need to ask what she wanted, I knelt down and moved my head up between her legs and French kissed her pussy. I love to go down on a half fucked pussy. There is something about the taste and texture of an aroused cunt that fills my mind with lust.

Susan cried out as I worked away licking and sucking the lips, slipping a finger into her cunt before sliding it down between her legs to tease her butt hole with the wet tip. I closed my lips on the tip of her clit and flicked my tongue along it. 

She vibrated in pleasure, "Oh Jim, I knew you would do me like that, I just knew it. Don't make me cum yet!"

I lifted up to a standing position as she back crawled up to the pillow; her tits were swinging with each move. She lay with her head on the pillow and lifted her knees up with her feet on the bed and legs spread open in invitation.

I crawled up over top of her on hands and knees. Her eyes were soft and glazed as she watched my approach. She reached down and guided my cock to her pussy lips. She lifted her butt as I sunk my cock into her, hooking her legs behind my back and pulling me inside. 

We lay there a while after full entry, grinding away at each other, enjoying the sensation of two warm bodies totally engaged. Our elegant fuck began with long slow strokes that gradually increased in speed. Our bodies were in perfect unison. As I withdrew my cock, she would arch her back upwards, her cunt muscles tight around it as if not wanting to lose it. Then she would settle back and as I began to sink it into her again, she would thrust upwards, cunt open to swallow me and then clamp down when I was fully inside her. 

We repeated it again and again while locked in pure pleasure. Our fucking became more intense as the need to cum built up; the thrusts were more urgent, my knob rubbing side to side on the walls of her love hole.

I pulled her to her side and we faced each other with our bodies still glued together. She moved her upper leg over my hip. She held still while I pounded her. "Fuck me Jim, go hard and deep in me, sink your cock in me."

I rolled to my back pulling her on top of me. She had free reign to fuck me as I rammed my cock up into her and held on to her hips. She lay down on me and crushed her tits against my chest. Her face was in my neck and her butt bobbed up and down. I rolled her to her back and remounted her, her knees pressed against my shoulder blades.

I moved partly to my knees to gain position to fuck fast and hard. I felt her pussy begin to throb and pulse around my cock and then the 'cum column' seemed to leave my toes and surge upwards through my legs to the bottom of my cock and balls. I felt a burst of her juice flow out around my shaft, my balls tightened and then released as I began to cum. Susan whimpered in my ear, "fuck me hard, hard, harder." 

We collapsed, her legs spread involuntarily; my cock was still hard enough to continue to stroke her slowly. We enjoyed those long delicious last chance strokes as her cunt milked my cock. I shuddered as I rolled off of her.

She lay on her back as I propped myself on my side to look over her. We exchanged kisses; her tits were soft and slack; her white belly was heaving; her bush was wet with my cum and her juices. We knew it had been our one shot. It was as if we could not have gone through life without doing it at least once. And that once was enough to stay in our minds for a long time.

The whole encounter had flowed seamlessly from one act to the other and then rushed to the final conclusion. Others might say that the conclusion was more animal like than elegant. But I disagree.

We put our bathing suits on and went for a swim in the cold clear waters. We had to erase the smell of our love making from our bodies and this seemed more appropriate than a shower. It had been a glorious morning. I was laying in a deck chair later when my brother returned and asked how my day was going. I told him that it had been a great day. In my mind the words meant that it was a fucking elegant day. The guilt came later.