 She heard the train whistle while lying in bed. The same whistle from the same train just like every other morning. 

"Some day Penny. Some day." She laid in her bed listening to the constant snoring of the man she thought she loved lying next to her. 

What's changed? she ask herself. Why doesn't he look at me the same way? Why don't I care anymore if he did? Her life was a lie. Her feelings for him gone, never to be rekindled. He had become a monster in her mind, a thing to hate, to despise. This was no man!

Penny got out of bed, the clock read 6:01 a.m. Just like every other day. She went to the bathroom, brushed her teeth and took her morning shower. She dressed for work and went out the front door. 

Penny drove to work. Not something she enjoyed doing, but someone had to make some money. Lord knows that he would never get off his lazy ass. Her mind drifted to a happier time, a time when she could look into his eyes and see that he wanted her and only her. A time when they would walk hand in hand on a beach or through the mall. Now, well now he's just there. A slug, a bump on a log, a nothing.

The sound of screeching tires brought Penny back to the reality of her life. She turned the steering wheel hard left to avoid a car that was in her lane attempting to make a pass and failing. Penny's car veered in front of the two on coming cars, barely missing them as she ran off the road.

She came to a halt and in a daze, looked to see which one stopped. Neither did. Penny was shaking with fury, her heart pounding in her chest. The beat echoing in her ears with a loud thump, thump. In the distance, she hears a whistle, the same whistle that she heard that morning in her house. 

Penny stood there numb, unsure what to do. The train drew closer, the whistle grew louder and Penny still stood there frozen. As the train creeped it's way across the road Penny noticed an open box car door. Penny felt a sudden urge to walk towards the train. Her feet lifting off the ground faster and faster as she kept pace with the train.

She began to run towards the boxcar, determined to catch it, just like she did when she was younger. Those were different times, happier times. Penny leaped and grabbed a hold of the car as it rolled past, flinging her legs up and over to the open car. 

She sat there catching her breath, leaving the life she knew behind, her car, her job, her husband, everything! Penny stood up, sighing heavily and closed the boxcar door, closed the door on her old life.

Feeling alone, vulnerable and scared, Penny listened to the click clack of the train as it continued on it's unknown destination. Penny had time to reflect on her decision. Was this the right thing? Of course not she answered her self. But it was what she needed and thats all that mattered. Penny found herself mentally exhausted. She laid down and fell into a deep sleep.

Penny awoke to the sounds of airbrakes from the big locomotive as it came to a halt just outside of Denver. Worried that she'll be discovered, Penny cracks open the door and peeks out. Seeing nothing on that side of the train, she decides to jump out while she can. 

Just before she exits the boxcar, Penny notices an attache case. Curious, she picks it up and tries to open it, but the latches are locked in place. She thinks about leaving it, but decides to take it with, unsure of what the contents could be.

Feeling dirty, tired and hungry, Penny begins to walk as fast as she can away from the train. Her only possession is the brief case that she desperately clings to in her left hand. 

Walking nearly two miles before she turns to look in the train’s direction, she notices that she's surrounded by mountains. Her sense of direction gone, she begins to panic, the sense of being lost and alone crashing in on her. She sits in the middle of the field and cries. Tears streaming down her face, Penny decides that she best find a place to stay before she becomes dinner for some starving coyote.

Penny looks in her wallet,

"Great, a lousy $150.00 Penny. Thats gonna get you real far." she says.

Realizing that she didn't plan her getaway very well, Penny begins to regret her decision. Hours later, Penny comes upon a small town. There's a motel at one end and a few other buildings scattered throughout the town. She walks up to the motel, asks for a room and is handed the key to number 17. Penny ponders for a moment if it's a sign. 

"I guess we'll see if seventeen is lucky or not." she says aloud.

"Best room in this dump miss." said the gruff looking woman, a cigarette hanging from her lower lip.

"Well, thanks. Does it have a hot shower? I'm feeling kind of grubby." asks Penny.

"Yes, thats the one redeeming quality here. The pipes all work and the water heater is brand new. The guy that bought this place is trying to fix it up. I wish him luck." She turned and left.

Penny held the room key in her hand, she began to shake as the full weight of her decision to run away was hitting her emotionally hard. She finds the room easily enough, it's drab furnishings are tattered and worn. She flops on the bed and is surprised how soft it is. Exhausted both physically and emotionally, Penny falls asleep almost immediately and dreams.

She slept heavily and again dreams of a dark haired stranger. He's tall, muscled but not overly so, hair shoulder length and loose. He's lying next to her, smiling. Penny looks at his face trying to hold his gaze, trying to remember where she met him. His movements are quick, yet soft. His hands are strong but uncalloused as they reach for her naked body.

Penny is enjoying the touch of his hand on her breast, his thumb playing with her right nipple as his mouth covers and sucks on her left. She can feel herself getting wet. Her eyes close as she lets the sensations of this strangers touch cascade over her body. Off in the distance she hears a train whistle.

Penny opens her eyes, she's driving her car to work. She hears the train whistle again, drawing her attention. She returns her eyes to the road, just in time to see a car racing towards her. Unsure what to do, she panics, there's no where for her to go, she screams and turns the wheel just as she's about to hit. 

Penny sits up straight, awoken by the sound of glass shattering on hard pavement, her heart is racing, her breathing is trying to catch up to the pounding in her chest. She looks around the tiny hotel room, a brief moment of confusion, before she remembers what she's done. 

Afraid to call home, or rather, not wanting to deal with the bullshit, she postpones the call and takes a long hot shower. Even though it's a cheap hotel, it does have a shower massager and Penny is still thinking of her dream man. The tall, sexy dark haired stranger with the salt and pepper goatee.

She removes the shower massager and uses the powerful pulse of the water on her clit. Her senses already piqued, she cums hard and fast. As she towels off, she sees the attache case in the bathroom mirror. It's sitting on the table where she left it. Penny searches around the hotel room for something, anything to pry it open, but finds nothing. 

Getting frustrated, she picks it up and throws it as hard as she can on the floor. The carpeting softens the blow and the case remains locked. Again and again she slams it down on the floor, only to have it hold fast. 

"SHIT!" she screams.

The hotel manager was walking past her room when he hears her scream. Curious, he knocks on the door.

Startled, Penny lets out a softer scream, breaking her concentration on the attache case. Still naked, she grabs a towel and wraps it around herself before peeking out her window. She sees only the back of some man. Cautiously, she calls out... 

"What do you want?"

"Sorry to bother you" comes the reply.

"My name is Broderick, Roger Broderick, I'm the hotel manager. Is there anything I can do for you?" his voice is soothing. 

Penny lets her guard down as she opens the door a crack to see this person named Broderick. To her amazement, he's the exact person she had been dreaming about only a couple hours before. Again, her heart begins to race. She can feel her pulse pounding throughout her body. She unconsciously rubs her hands up and down her arms, as the goosebumps slowly dissappear.

"I heard you scream a moment ago. Is everything alright?" he asks concerned.

"Oh,um, yes...Sorry, I was trying to open something up and I was getting frustrated." Penny replies truthfully. 

Her eyes look deeply into his, before slowly absorbing his tall frame and broad shoulders. His shirt open at the nape of his neck revealing his hairy chest. His arms were long and muscled, not overly so, but well defined. She couldn't resist looking further down and wondering if what she dreamed was true. Penny caught herself staring at his crotch.

Roger was watching Penny's eyes as they moved from his face to his chest to his groin. It was then that he looked at his guest with other ideas in mind. Her flaming red hair was just past shoulder length. Her face was thin, oval and freckled. Attractive he told himself. 

He guessed her to be five foot five or so. Narrow shoulders which lead to a narrow waist with slightly wider hips. Birthing hips his mom would have said. But the eyes were what attracted him the most, ocean blue in color. They held him, not letting go, as if they had a will of their own. Broderick found himself immediately attracted to this woman. He knew he was staring and needed to find a way into her room.

"Well, I could take a look at it if you wish." he offers.

If I wish? thought Penny. I wish he'd take off his clothes and let me see his cock. She smiled at him as the thought of his naked body lying next to hers refused to go away. Penny felt a familiar sensation in her pussy. She had better say something before he thought she was a space cadet or something.

"It's my briefcase. I've locked it and forgot the key. I really need to get it open. Do you have something I can pick the lock with?"

I've got something else you can pick Mr. Broderick her silent thoughts continued. She wondered if he would want to have sex with her as bad as she wanted to have sex with him.

"Lemme check. I'll be right back." he says and smiles as he walks away.

Penny watches him leave. She notices his strong looking back and nice ass. She decides that when he returns she'll test the waters and see if he's really as interested as she thinks he might be. She noticed him watching her closely, she just hoped that she didn't read him wrong.

Penny quickly gets dressed, her clothes need to be washed, but they'll have to do. Besides, she was hoping she wouldn't be in them for long.

Broderick returns shortly afterwards with a set of tools and knocks on Penny's door again.

She opens it up and lets him in. Her curiosity is now piqued as much by this attractive stranger as by the attache case. 

He sits down at the table and opens his tool box. He looks at Penny and says, 

"I can open this easily enough, but it may ruin your briefcase."

"Thats okay, it's not something that I'll keep anyways." answers Penny.

"Okay miss, as long as you don't mind."

Broderick takes a tiny sawzall and makes a thin cut along the back of the briefcase. Penny leans in close to him as he makes the incisions. She can smell his scent. Clean, crisp like the autumn air outside.

When he finished, he stands up, lightly brushing against her breasts accidently. Penny's nipples become erect from the simple touch. Her thoughts have lost all focus on the briefcase as she keeps thinking about the dream. 

She stands back to let him pass as he moves towards the door. She lets her thoughts linger on him for a moment longer before she decides to take action. She tugs at his elbow saying,

"Mr. Broderick?"

"Yes?"

"I wanted to show my appreciation, but I'm afraid I don't have very much money."

"Thats not necessary miss, um, what is your name?"

"Penny" she replies intentionally leaving out her last name.

"Well Miss Penny. I'm glad I could be of help. If there's anything more I can do, just call on me." 

He turns towards the door again as if to leave, waiting, hoping that she has something else he can do for her.

Penny stands there nervously trying to decide what to do. Her life having already been changed for ever. She watches Broderick walking out the door. Indecision had always been a part of her life, but this is the new Penny. The take charge Penny. A woman who was going to fulfill her longings and desires. A woman who was ready to challenge the world, whatever it may have to offer. In that instant she makes her decision.

"Mr. Broderick?" she calls out.

"Yes?" he replies before turning to see Penny.

Nervously, Penny stands there, totally naked. She watches his reaction of surprise, followed by one of appreciation and then desire. Penny can see the desire in his eyes as he sets down his tool box and re-enters the small motel room. 

He shuts the door behind him and leans against it. His eyes take their time as he looks her up and down and motions for her to spin around. He watches as she turns, taking in her shapely form and feeling a strong sexual urge to have this woman. He steps away from the door and pulls Penny close.

His kiss burns with an intensity that she had not felt in ages. She reaches up and begins to unbutton his shirt. Her hands run through the hair on his chest as his hands hold her face tenderly before his fingers slide their way through her red locks.

All of her inhibitions were gone. She exposed herself to this stranger, opening herself up to critisizm and getting none. Instead she received approval and desire, a desire that she could see in his eyes and feel in his touch. 

His hands roamed her body. Down her shoulders and her back, across her belly and up to her pert breasts. Her skin was soft and silky and Broderick told her so. 

Penny was feeling more confident with each passing moment, more self assured than anytime in her life. She knew that her decision to leave was the best thing she ever did. Penny was going to enjoy this moment of passion with a man she didn't even know only a few minutes earlier.

She reached down and unbuttoned his pants, reaching in and feeling his hard shaft in her hands. Without asking or being told, she bent down and took his cock in her mouth. The tip of it was already a purplish hue, the soft skin was stretched from his erection and Penny made it shiny with her saliva.

Broderick held Penny's hair to one side so he could watch as she took his member deep into her warm mouth. She put her hand on his shaft and stroked him in unison as she sucked his long cock. He was bigger in person than in her dream which only excited Penny more. She could feel her pussy juice flow down her inner thighs towards her ass.

She reached between her legs to play with her clit as she continued to suck him. Her hands stroking faster and faster as her mouth bobbed up and down. She was going to make this man cum and cum hard. She wanted to taste him, to have him, his essence, his being within her. 

Brodericks moans got louder and louder as Penny sucked him. She worked her hands in a twisting motion as her head went up and down, her tongue twirling around the tip of his cock. He could fell his climax building in his balls. He held Penny's head tightly and began to rhythmically grind his hips back and forth, fucking her mouth as she worked her hands expertly on his cock. 

He looked down and saw Penny's other hand on her clit, pleasing them both at the same time. His excitement grew as he watched her masterfully use both hands for different purposes and wondered what other talents she may have. He closed his eyes as he could feel the swell of sperm shoot through his cock and into her mouth. His moans turned to groans,

"Oh yah! Fuck babe. I'm gonna cum in your mouth!"

Penny didn't even bother to look up as his words encouraged her further. Her hands stroking and twisting his cock until she felt him explode in her mouth. Only after he stopped gyrating did she look up at him and smile, seeing the satisfaction on his face. She continued to stroke him which caused another spurt of cum to explode from his cock right on her face and hair.

"You like that Mr. Broderick?" she asked coyly.

"Hell yes! Your fantastic!" he replied truthfully.

"Hmmm. I'm glad you think so." she said as she continued to play with her clit.

"How about I return the favor!" 

It was a statement and not a question as he lifted her up off the floor and had her lay on the bed. It was the one thing he had insisted on when he bought the run down motel, to have big soft beds. New ones.

He had her put her feet on the floor so her ass was barely on the edge. He then lifted her legs over his shoulders and kissed her inner thighs. He started high and worked his way down to her ankles before kissing and licking his way back up her thighs. As he did, Penny put her hands on her breasts and gently played with her sensitive nipples.

His whiskers from his goatee tickled her thighs and sent shivers up her spine, making her nipples erect and making her juices flow again and Broderick noticed it too. He looked at Penny who's eyes were half closed and put his tongue on her most sensitive area, holding it there for a moment as Penny squirmed beneath him.

Slowly he licked her clit, using his fingers to spread her lips wider. He teased her clit for a moment before taking his tongue and slipping it inside her pussy as far as he could and then back out again. 

Penny loved the sensations of his tongue on her aching pussy. Her loins were becoming desperate to cum again. She pulled on her nipples harder and harder, telling Broderick,

"Oh Mr. Broderick, that feels soooo good! Don't stop."

"Would you like it if I inserted my fingers inside your Penny?" he asked.

"Mmmm, yes." she purred.

Broderick inserted his forefinger inside Penny while he continued to lick her very wet pussy. Her juices flowed heavily, soaking his hand and face, but he didn't care. He then slide another finger inside her and curled them up, applying pressure just behind her pelvic bone, finding her G spot. 

Penny could feel herself getting close, but as soon as Broderick slide his fingers inside her and hit that one spot, she knew that it was all over at that moment. She came so hard and so fast, it took both of them by surprise. 

"Oh God! YES!, Thats it, right there, oh yes, right there!" she screamed out.

Her hips began to buck and gyrate almost uncontrollably as Broderick continued to lick her clit and push up inside her. Her breaths were short and fast as her body convulsed in spasm after spasm of glorious orgasm. He gave her her first simultaneous orgasms, one after the next after the next. Never before had anyone made her feel this way.

Broderick's cock sprung back to life as his sense of eroticism was heightened by pleasing this fireball of sexual desire. Having brought her to her seventh orgasm, he stood up and said,

"I'd like to fuck you now."

Penny was too fare gone in sexual pleasure to do anything but comply. She rolled onto her hands and knees and raised her ass for him to enter her doggy style. His cock felt wonderful as he slowly slide himself in and out. The tip of his cock hit the same spot that his fingers had only moments before. Penny knew that she was going to cum once more, she only hoped that they could cum together.

Faster and faster Broderick slide his cock in and out of her tight pussy. He held out as long as he could, but Penny was moaning louder and louder and the sensations of her wet pussy were just too much for him. Penny cried out,

"Oh God! I'm cumming again! Oh Roger!"

Broderick groaned as he pulled his cock out of Penny's pussy. His cock throbbed as he stroked himself to another orgasm, then collapsed on the bed next to Penny.
