 I rushed out the house with a duffel bag over my left shoulder while pulling a suit case on wheels behind me. My trip to Toledo had been planned for months and was something I had dreamed about for several years and yet, I was still running late.

Riding the Amtrak was on my bucket list since I was 8 or 9. I remember riding with my dad to pick my Aunt up from the train station. She had taken the train from Baton Rouge to Toledo. Watching the steam from the train and listening to the loud rumble of the train sent chills down my spine. I promised myself then that someday I would ride that train.

It has taken about 14 years for my promise to come to fruition. I threw my luggage into the back seat, slammed the door shut and practically dove into the driver seat. The car screeched into reverse then shifted into drive. The train station was only 10 minutes away and the train was scheduled to leave in less than a half hour. 

Upon arrival at the Amtrak station, I parked my car in the grass, next to the three cars who had arrived before me and had taken the paved parking spots. The station in my town was not a huge station like you see on television. It was a quick stop where just a few people would enter and exit the train. I quickly grabbed my bags and rushed to the ticket counter. I handed the older woman my ticket receipt just as the Amtrak train was arriving. 

While she was printing my pass, I watched the steam rise from the train as the breaks squealed and the rumbling of the train rattled in my ears. I was 8 or 9 all over again. I could feel the hair on my arms standing up straight. My heart was beating wildly. There was a rush of energy that ran through my veins similar to the feeling just before I would step on the wrestling mat for a match. The adrenaline ran through my entire body.

"Here you go fella." the woman inside the booth said.

I turned away from the train and looked inside the glass window at the older woman. Her hand was extended, holding my pass. I took my pass and said, "Thank you, Ma'am." She smiled and I smiled back.

Standing behind two other train riders who were also waiting to ride, I read my ticket. It felt like I was dreaming; hard to believe this was really happening. I stepped onto the train and showed the driver my pass. He waved me onto the box car. My ticket said room 9 so I walked through the first car into the second car. The sign above the exit of the second car said "Suites in Rear". I quickly walked past the staring eyes and headed through the next two cars and found the door numbered nine. 

I opened the door and looked around, seeing a twin size bed with a single mattress on my left with a cabinet above the bed and a wooden desk on my right. A wooden cabinet was above the desk as well. I lifted the door to the cabinet and placed my suit case on the shelf then closed and secured the door. I placed my duffel bag on the bed, opening it and scrounging around inside until I found my book and bottle of water. 

The train horn blared and the steam engine began to rev up. I looked out my window and said goodbye to my new hometown, for now, as the train started pulling away. For the first half-hour, I sat on the edge of my bed and looked out the tinted window of the train, watching the scenery go by. I was starting to feel a little claustrophobic in the close quarters so I grabbed my book and water bottle then exited my private room. I made my way back up to the second car which was the diner car and sat in one of the eight booths so that I was facing the front. There was a couple of teenage kids in the front right seat of the car, laughing and joking around. Behind the teenagers was a middle aged couple who I supposed were the parents. On the left side, in front of me was an older man sitting in the second booth with his back to me.

I placed my water bottle on the table in front of me and opened my book, setting my book mark next to me on the table. The world around me began to fade as I became engrossed in the book. I felt the train breaks start to grind and felt the Amtrak train start slowing down, but I didn't pay much attention. I continued reading while people walked past me, down the center aisle. 

The people passing were likes streaks of light in my peripheral vision. I tried to ignore the colors and not be distracted from what I was reading unit I felt my seat raise up a little and saw a streak of color move horizontal to me. I looked up and saw a girl that looked to be close to my same age sitting down on the opposite end of the table in my booth. She looked up and made eye contact with me then said, "Is it okay if I sit with you?"

Her voice sounded soft, sweet and sexy. I felt my face starting to blush. Hundreds of thoughts were racing through my mind: "Holy shit she is hot" "Why is this beautiful girl sitting across from me?" "She is staring at me!" "Her blue eyes are sparkling." "Her long blond hair is soaking up the sun light coming from the window." "Oh my God, she is staring at me and smiling."

"Yes, that is fine." was all I could muster up to say in response to her question.

I stared deep into her eyes as she reached her hand across the table. "Hi, I am Amber."

"Umm, I am Devin." I replied. 

God, I am such a dork! My hand extended and made contact with her soft, smooth skin. I shook her hand and held it for more than a second until she pulled away. I must have held her hand a little too long, but it felt so warm and soft. It was not often that I had the chance to hold a female's hand. My eyes immediately retracted down to the words in my book. I was trying to get her out of my mind and fight the growing bulge in my pants.

"Are you alone on the ride?" she asked a few seconds later. Before I could answer, she started speaking again. "I am too. This isn't my first train ride. Is it your's? I love riding trains, they remind me of the old wild west. Anyways, I thought you might want some company. You looked bored reading that book, trying to pass the time away."

Where did I begin? Could I even remember all the questions she asked? I set my book face down and lifted my head. My eyes quickly caught a glimpse of her button up dress that looked like she had retrieved from the wild west days. It was bright red with white ruffles running up the center. My eyes paused briefly at her mounds, pressed against the material. Not wanting to make it look obvious that I was staring, I darted my eyes up to her smiling cheeks and dreamy blue eyes.

"Yes, I'm riding alone, no my first ride and actually I wasn't bored. I love reading because it takes me away to another world."

"So you like mystery, or do you prefer danger and adventure?" she promptly replied.

"Umm, a little of both, it just depends on my mood, I guess."

"Really?" she asked in a soft, seductive voice. "What mood are you in right now?" she continued.

"Adventure right now, but I just finished reading a mystery book yesterday." I replied, trying to be conversational. "Do you read?"

"No." she replied quickly. "Not my thing. I do like boys who enjoy adventure though. Since you do like mystery also, I won't tell you anymore about me. I will let you solve this puzzle."

Her soft, seductive voice was making my body react. I was trying not to show that I was getting aroused, but I wasn't sure how well I was hiding it. My hands were fidgeting with the corner of the book on top of the table and my left foot was tapping on the floor.

Amber went from being talkative to no longer speaking and turned to stare out of the window. I wondered if I had offended her in any way and was not sure what I did wrong. She continued looking and I took the opportunity to look at her body from a side view before lifting my book and returning to my dream world.

After a few minutes passed, Amber turned toward the aisle and unzipped her duffel bag. I didn't want to be nosy so I continued reading. I became so immersed in my book that I had almost forgotten this beautiful girl was across from me. That is until I felt pressure between my slightly spread legs. I quickly looked under the table and saw her foot, covered in stockings, pressed against my crotch. My head shot up and looked at her face. She was grinning mischievously at me, but did not say a word. Her foot started to move back and forth, rubbing softly against my quick growing bulge in my pants. I was embarrassed so I looked back down at my book, avoiding her eyes. 

I thought that if I ignored her, she would quit teasing me and move on to something else. That was not my case. Her toes pressed harder against my hard dick and began moving up and down my shaft. I let out a muffled moan on accident and looked up at her, giving her a look of desperation as if to say, "Please don't do this to me."

Amber was sucking on the tip of her pointer finger and twirling a strand of hair with her other hand. I was speechless. Here was a girl I had just met, teasing me and making me feel uncomfortable. This was not what I had bargained for when I purchased my ticket and planned my trip. I had intended to keep to myself and enjoy the scenery and my book in peace.

The door at the front of the diner car opened. I looked up to see a woman pushing a cart with a bottle of wine and wine glasses on it. Amber glanced behind her, then quickly removed her foot. After serving the old man and the couple at the front of the car, she stopped in front of us and asked if we wanted a glass of wine.

I did not drink very often and was about to decline, but before I could say anything, Amber answered, "Yes, we will both have a glass of wine Ma'am."

I was horny as hell and wasn't sure I wanted to get tipsy also, but I didn't have much say in the matter so I tipped the woman and wrapped my right and around the base of the glass. I could feel my bulge straining against my jeans and did my best to adjust without looking too obvious. I looked around to see if anyone else was watching, but everyone was minding to themselves.

"Cheers to a fun train ride." Amber said, raising her class toward me.

"Cheers." I blurted out.

Amber took a large drink of her wine then asked, "So where are you headed?"

I swallowed my sip of wine and replied, "Toledo."

"Oh nice. I am headed to Findlay. I guess we will get to spend the next two days together then. This will be fun."

I took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. Spending two days with a beautiful girl would normally be a dream come true, but I wasn't sure if I could handle this "chatty Cathy" talking my ear off and seducing me for the next two days.

The sun was beginning to set outside of the window. I slowly sipped on the wine and enjoyed the beautiful landscape view. Amber was doing the same, except she had already finished most of her glass of wine.

"Do you always drink so slow?" she asked, breaking the silence while continuing to look out the window. 

"Well...I normally don't drink and when I do it is not wine, so yeah, I guess so."

She giggled, "You need to break loose and have more fun. You seem so uptight. Be wild and free for once. Go on, chug it."

I shook my head back and forth, but tipped the wine glass back and started drinking it all. I was not sure why I was listening to this girl and letting her influence me this way, it was like she had a trance on me.

When I finished the glass of wine, I heard her golf clap. "Good job. That is a start."

Almost immediately, I could feel my head starting to spin. My fingers felt tingly and the sensations started to move down the rest of my body. Just what I needed to add to my already awkward situation. Amber must have noticed I was feeling tipsy by the way she was looking at me in an immodest manner. She turned toward me and rested her toes on my inner thigh. I felt my dick starting to grow again in an instant. This game was getting old so I yawned and excused myself saying I was tired.

In my room, I removed my jeans and shirt, throwing them into the cupboard above my bed. I turned off the main light in the room and chose the reading lamp for a dim light. I climbed under my sheet and leaned against the outside wall of the train. I took my book in hand and read a few more pages when I heard a knock on my door.

"Hello?" I answered, setting my book down on my lap, expecting to hear a voice answer. Instead, my door swung open. At that moment, I realized I had not locked my room door and cursed myself. Through the door walked Amber, still wearing the red dress. She closed the door behind her and sat on the foot of my bed, inviting herself in. I pulled the sheet up as much as I could, trying to cover my body. Because she was setting on the foot of the bed, I was only able to pull the sheet up to my waist. Here I was, sitting in boxers and no shirt with this hot girl at the foot of my bed. I was glad the book was covering my groin because I knew what she was up to.

"I am sorry. I saw your lamp light on so I assumed you were still awake. Am I interrupting anything?" she asked with a shy expression on her face, her head tilted slightly to the side.

"No. I was just finishing the chapter before bed. As I said before, I am tired." I lied.

"I was sitting in my room bored and wanted some company, do you mind if I stay a few minutes?" she asked in a begging manner, pouting her lips.

I wanted to tell her no, but my mouth said "Yes, but just a few."

"Will you read to me? I love being read to." she asked while extending her hand and running it up and down the lower part of my leg. 

My leg jumped back instinctively at first, before retreating back to its original position. Her hand moved over the sheet, softly and slowing rubbing my leg. There was no way in hell I was moving my book now. I swore she was intentionally doing this to get a reaction out of me.

"I was just finishing the chapter when you knocked on the door." I lied.

She looked at me with disbelief. "Really?" She began reaching for the book and said, "What chapter are you on?"

Without thinking it through, I reached down and snatched the book up out of my lap and pulled it up to my chest. We both looked down at the erect tent under the sheet. I was so embarrassed that I froze for a second before quickly placing the book back down on my lap.

"I am sorry. Did I cause that?" Amber asked.

I didn't know how to reply or what to say, so I said nothing. The silence in the room grew like dense fog. Amber adjusted her body and spread her left leg straight out on the bed, against the wall and left her other leg draped over the side of the bed. She pushed her dress down between her legs, covering herself. All my mind could think about was sex at this point. I knew her adjustment was intentional. This girl was relentless in her pursuit.

"I think you should go now." I blurted, but not really meaning it.

"Oh okay. I am sorry to embarrass you. I didn't mean to. I feel so bad." she said as she covered her face and looked like she was about to cry.

"No, that is not it. I am just tired."

Her hand moved further up my leg and began softly massaging again. This time, her hand moved up until it was mere inches from my inner groin before retreating down to my knee, then repeating. We stared into each other's eyes for what felt like several minutes, though I think it was just a few seconds before she stood up.

"I guess I will go and let you rest. Can I give you a hug first though?" 

Without waiting for an answer, she approached me, leaned in and gave me a big hug. She wrapped her arms around my neck and ran her fingers nails softly down my back when I leaned forward, sending chills down my spine and making my whole body shiver.

"Your body looks sexy." she whispered into my ear.

What happened next almost caused me to blow a wad in my pants. I was already turned on from her teasing in the diner earlier and with her recent teasing of her hand on my leg. After holding me for a few seconds, she pulled back and placed her left palm under my chin. She leaned in and pressed her wet, juicy lips against my mouth and kissed me better than I had ever been kissed. As I said, I almost creamed my boxers right there. I felt my dick jump as she seduced me with her passionate kiss. 

I did not kiss her back at first. I was trying to get my bearings straight. She softly ran her tongue over my lips, tracing them in a teasing manner before kissing me once more. This time, I raised my right hand and put it on the back of her head, holding her mouth firmly against me. I kissed her back and our tongues began to intertwine. My mind was gone. Just as I was ready to pull her onto the bed, she pulled away and said, "Good night and sweet dreams."

I saw her smile and wink before turning away and whisking her body out of my cabin room. There I sat with a raging hard-on ready to explode. I jumped off the bed and locked the door then scrambled to find a tissue. I climbed onto my bed to take care of my raging hard on when I heard another knock on the door.

I waited a second, cursing the knock on the door then asked, "Who is it?"

There was no reply so I ignored the knock. A moment later there was a knock on the door once again. "Who is it?" I asked a second time and still no reply. I climbed out of bed and walked to the door. I unlocked the door and used the door to shield my body as I opened it a few inches and looked outside. Amber was standing at the entrance, just an inch from my face. I noticed I was breathing hard.

"Are you sure you are tired and going to bed?" she asked in a regular, calm voice. "If you let me in and keep me company for awhile, I will make it worth your while, I promise.

I looked at her with a look of disbelief. I had a feeling she was not going to give in and let me alone so I stepped back a step and opened the door. She quickly moved inside my cabin. I closed and locked the door behind us then rushed back under my sheets to hide my hard dick. She scooted onto the bed next to me and laid on top of the sheet. I was pinned against the wall and her body, with no where to go.

She turned her head to the side while putting her right arm around my shoulder and pulled me toward her. We sat there, face to face, inches away from each other. She leaned forward and pressed her lips against mine, but did not move her lips as if to dare me to kiss her and kiss her I did. For the first time, I made the first move. 

She moved her hand to the back of my neck and stroked the hairs on the back of my neck as we kissed. This girl was a pro at seducing me. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the touch of her lips against me. Her sweet perfume drifted into my nostrils. I did not remember the smell of her perfume before and wondered if she had applied it just before returning to my room.

Next, Amber turned toward me and straddled my body, placing her hips on top of my hips. I could feel my hard on pressing against her groin. She placed her hands on my shoulders and started rocking her hips back and forth, sliding her groin up and down the length of my hard dick. I grabbed her ribs and held on as her hips and groin stroked me.

I moaned and felt my hips start to grind against her body. I swore I could feel her heat and wetness through the layers between us. She leaned forward and moaned into my ear, pushing me closer to an orgasm. I knew I was not going to last very long. My hands pulled her upper body against my chest. I wrapped my arms around her waist and held her tightly. 

Amber stopped grinding her hips, causing me to open my eyes. I watched her arms reach behind her and heard the sound of a zipper. Her arms reached forward and in one smooth motion, she pulled her dress over her head and threw it onto the floor. To my amazement, she was totally nude, wearing no bra or panties underneath the dress. Her hands moved to my head and pulled it forward as she pressed her small, firm breasts against my face.
