 This may not be the best erotic story out there, but it is totally true and actually happened to me. Only the name of girl has been changed.

*

While I was serving as a Platoon SGT in a TOW Missile Company during my time in the U.S. Army Infantry, I attended a week-long class to train to a new computer system the Army was rolling out. The objective was to make me an expert so I could go back and train the rest of the company. The class was boring as most Army classes are, but they had one thing that we never have in the Infantry, girls. Lots of beautiful, physically-fit girls!

At the time I had about 16 years of service so I was probably 34 years old, but I still looked about 18 and was in absolute perfect shape; 6'2" tall, 200 pounds with a 28 inch waist. Try being a Platoon SGT in an Infantry Co when you look like you just graduated basic, not an easy task. However, one Combat Medic out of Hawai'i seemed to appreciate my boyish good looks and lean, muscular frame.

Her name was Specialist Kealoha. Her first name was Keilana, but she preferred to be called Keki. I don't know what her height and weight were, but she was absolutely beautiful. Being a combat medic in the Army will keep you in shape, but she was also an avid surfer, paddle boarder, hiker, and moto-cross rider so she was in top-notch athletic shape. She was about a head shorter than me with perfectly shaped firm, natural C-cup breasts. Her cute little waist, accented by sculpted abs, gently curved into her perfect Hawai'ian hips and ass. Her legs were muscular, yet feminine. In uniform, her long brown hair was always kept packed neatly in the donut-looking knot they apparently teach all women to tie in basic training, but when she was out of uniform, it cascaded gracefully down past the middle of her back, and framed her tanned face, large brown almond shaped eyes, and beautifully full lips nicely. And for some reason after our first scheduled break on day 1, she traded seats so she could sit next to me.

We talked a lot and found out we had plenty in common, especially our love for the ocean. She told me she didn't know too many main-landers who could appreciate the ocean the way I did. I found out she had just turned 21 about a week before the class so I figured as soon as she found out how old I was, her interest in me would be gone. But to my surprise, she loved that I was older and admitted that she thought it was a turn-on.

Now civilians may not know this, but a Platoon SGT's rank is E7 and a Specialist's rank is E4. Even if you aren't stationed on the same continent, any kind of relationship between these ranks is forbidden and I, as the senior rank, would face the most punishment if busted. So despite how hot she was, and what she thought of me, I decided I would keep our relationship friendly and professional. That means I would never allow myself to be alone with her.

I did a pretty good job of keeping it professional too, which wasn't easy because she was constantly caressing my inner-thigh under the table during class. She would gradually ease her hand closer and closer to my groin until my cock ached from being constrained by my ACU trousers. When she casually brushed the back of her hand against my swollen member I actually split a seam as it desperately attempted to break free from its confined space. Later I had to laugh it off with a comment about the quality of uniforms manufactured by the lowest bidder. Still, I could see the look of pride on her face when she realized what she had done to me.

I always declined invitations from her to go out to a club or bar unless she assured me there were others going with us. Then, on the night before the last day of class she called me and asked me to drive her to the Class Six (convenience/liquor store) because she had been drinking and she didn't want to risk getting stopped on post. It seemed like an emergency and the last thing a responsible Platoon SGT would do is allow a junior enlisted soldier to drive drunk. I was obligated to help her out.

I picked her up in the parking lot of the transient housing we were staying in and started the drive across post to the Class Six. She went through my CD collection and inserted a "Dance-Hall" reggae compilation CD I had picked up in Belize a few years back. "I just love this music", she moaned. "It always makes me horny."

"Yeah, I really like it too. That's why I bought it." I replied.

The rest of the way to the Class Six I was aroused by the sight and sounds of her erotically chair dancing to Sean Paul and Rihanna. Ohhhhh, the way she moved and rhythmically caressed her tight body, touching herself through her jeans, and pushing her breasts together so they were almost falling out of her deep V-neck T-shirt. Holy shit! She's not even wearing a bra! I wanted to pull over and take her right there while Sean Paul and Rihanna encouraged us, but as I said, I am a professional.

Inside the Class Six she casually walked around as if she didn't know what she was there for. She grabbed a white SoBe drink from the fridge and a toothbrush and asked me to carry them while she looked through fashion magazines, occasionally asking me if I wanted to fuck whatever girl was being featured. "No, I want to fuck the hell out of you." was what I wanted to tell her but instead, "No, not particularly. Let's get you back to your room. You're drunk." was what I actually said.

The ride home was just as arousing as the ride there. Even more so because now she was trying to get me in on the fun by caressing my body and kissing my neck and ear. With as much self-control as I could muster, I gently brushed her away.

"Stop the car. Please stop the car." she requested urgently. Afraid she was about to puke in my recently restored 1969 442, I quickly obliged.

When we stopped however, she didn't get out. She turned down the radio and twisted in the passenger seat so she could face me better. 

"SGT Cutlass, don't you like me?"

"Of course I like you, Keki. Why would you ask that?"

"I mean, don't you find me attractive? I figured they way you let me play with you in class, you would have tried something with me by now."

"Oh, I think you are very hot. And I would love nothing more than to fuck you..."

"Hold on," she interrupted before I could finish what I wanted to say. "I didn't say I wanted to fuck you, at least not yet. But I do think you are totally hot and I really want to fool around with you, even get naked with you." She continued, "I wish you could come back to Hawai'i with me. You would so love it, and then we could be together all the time."

"I can't be with you. You're a Specialist and I'm a Sergeant First Class. It's against Regs."

"So. I'm in the Hawai'i National Guard. It's not like it's the real Army."

"Well I am in the real Army, and they keep pushing me to become a Drill Sergeant, plus I have an offer to go the Department of Army HQ to help design the new PT program. No matter what, I probably won't be going to Hawai'i anytime soon. A relationship with you would destroy my career, but I am very glad to have been in class with you. I was happy, but a little shocked when you came and sat by me after the break on the first day."

"SGT Cutlass, can I ask you another favor?"

"Sure, that's what I'm good for."

"Would you let me kiss you? Just once before we go? It will only be a kiss, I promise. Nothing more."

"I should say no, but I really want to say yes. If it is only a kiss, then I guess it would be fine, but we should probably do it here, away from the barracks and the school."

I couldn't believe I agreed. We both moved closer so we could hug and put our arms around each other. As our faces moved closer together, I could smell the baby-powder freshness of her skin. Her hair smelled like the tropical paradise she called home. "I can't believe I am about to kiss probably the hottest girl in the Army." I thought it to myself, but my body must have been trembling because she backed up just a little and gently held my shoulders.

"Hey, relax. It's just a kiss. I won't tell anyone about this."

"I know, it's just..." Our noses touched, instinctively we both tilted our heads and then I felt and tasted her soft, sweet lips. Lips that I had no business tasting were now slightly parting, inviting my tongue inside. I obliged, and was rewarded with the soft touch of her tongue against mine. As we kissed I imagined my cock inside her mouth, being caressed by her tongue. I next imagined myself positioned between her tanned and toned legs, entering her as I sucked on her perfect breasts. Breasts that were currently barely being contained by her shirt. I was so hard. My throbbing dick was trying to free itself from my 501s. I casually reached down to adjust, but she noticed and decided to lend a hand.

She slid her hand under the waistband of my jeans and expertly maneuvered my cock so that the majority of it was poking out the top of my jeans, but still concealed by my T-shirt. We paused our kissing so she could lick the pre-cum from her fingers. "Oh you taste so good," she moaned.

We were about to resume, when I came to my senses. "We need to stop. I want to go on, but we really need to stop."

"I know. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I want this just as much as you, probably more. But even if it wasn't wrong because of our rank, it's wrong here on the side of the road, on post."

"As long as you're not mad at me. You know, you are a really good kisser."

"I'm not mad, and yeah, I've been told that before; about my kissing."

We settled back into our seats and I started the car. We drove back to the barracks in an awkward silence while my mind was reeling from what just happened. My cock was not too happy about being left unfulfilled. 

"Let's just hug again real quick before we get out," she suggested as I parked my Oldsmobile. "I wouldn't want you to get in trouble."

We hugged again and it felt so good. I wanted to sit and smell her hair for hours, but we couldn't risk it. Just another quick kiss, and then goodnight.

"Thanks for the ride. You really saved me." She said as she opened the door.

"No problem at all. I am glad I could help. Goodnight, see you tomorrow!"

"Goodnight. See ya."

As I watched her walk away and go through the double doors of her building I only had one thing on my mind, "How am I going to take care of this erection?"

Continued in Part II.