 Caesar Bishop lay in the lounge with his right foot up, allowing the blood flow to drain the wounds and reduce swelling. Damn barbwire. He was bored senseless. Neighbors had trooped in the first week after the mishap that had hospitalized him overnight a couple of days after the accident for treatment for a raging temperature and dehydration. Now into his second week no neighbors had called.

This week just the sole visit by the health care lady...was that all he was worth? Well, he supposed if he shaved and had a shower once a fortnight perhaps that would help. But with no woman to care for him one tended to forget about shaving and bathing and cutting nails.

Christ, he was so bored he was almost tempted to get TV. He'd never wanted it in the house and dammit, that's why the women always left him, citing boredom and his refusal to get TV installed. Well, they'd watch stupid programs and forget to feed and look after him and would only fuck during the ads, wouldn't they?

Caesar thought of getting out the rifle and attempting to shoot the top foot off the aerials of passing vehicles but it would just be his luck to get excited and so big into what he was doing he'd shoot the communication antennae off cop cars. Cops had no humor.

A gray car pulled into the driveway. Fucking hospital out-reach nurse. On Monday the bitch sprayed disinfectant into the room before entering and put on glove that went over her elbows and donned a double mask before she'd deem to touch the dressing, the fat cow. 

"Hi Mr Bishop, mom's in bed with vaginal bleeding today. Dad must have been a bit rough. Although I'm only a trainee she said I could do you."

Caesar licked his lips. Such a sweet voice. Nurse Black was forty-something so little cutie might be only twenty. His boredom vanished, leaving him with the beginnings of an erection. Not bad for a guy of fifty to have a girlish voice trigger him, eh?

He grinned. "Come in sweetie. No, you want need that spray can, or the gumboots or the gloves. Put those on and I won't see your tits."

"Excuse me?"

"Can't you see I'm bored stiff, well getting stiffer by the minute actually. Show me your tits."

"Mr Bishop!"

Caesar dropped down to his sexy tone. "I'm telling you honey in strict confidence -- I've never asked you mom to show hers to me. You are privileged."

"Well I don't really know."

"How old are your baby?"

"Eighteen, going on nineteen."

"I guess you are if you're eighteen."

"Before you get started could you check my penis? I think I have bed rash."

"Yes of course. Will I need gloves?"

"Nah, just lift it, spit on the itchy part and rub in the spit."

The trainee looked hesitant and Caesar smiled and raised an eyebrow.

"I have mom's kit. It contains lube to help her relieve old Mr Monks once a month."

"Great, use that. Know what to do?"

"Not really."

"Are you a virgin?"

"Not really."

Caesar scratched the back of his head. "You are confusing me. You are or you are not."

"Some of the guys stick me but I get them to cream over me for safer sex. But mom put me on the pill a couple of months ago so I guess the next time someone creams me it can be inside me and I'll feel I'm a woman."

"When do you want that to happen?"

"Dunno. I have a problem, I don't get passionate when I'm having sex."

"Young guys have a lot to answer for, don't they?"

The trainee didn't appear to know how to answer that. Perhaps she didn't understand the question.

"Please pull it out for me."

She'd bent over to undo his belt. The kid had perfume on and with a tit brushing his cheek Caesar was up hard, rarin' to go.

"God, I've never seen one that big."

"Does you mom allow you to use that word?"

"No, I'm sorry. Please don't tell her."

"There's no problem. It's one of the words I'd like you to use when you are around me."

"What's the other one?"

"Oh."

"No, I mean what's the other word I am to use?"

"Oh, as in Oh God!"

"Why would I use that expression around you?"

"Let's wait to find out, huh?"

"You're funny. Look, don't get angry but you are a bit smelly and need a shave. We were taught how to bed bath patients last week. I'd like to shave you and then bath you before using the lube and then changing your dressing."

"Right, there's a basin under the kitchen bench and my towel is in the bathroom."

"Where will I find a pile of towels?"

"I only have the one. I practice economy in living so I can spend my money on booze and wild women."

"You're not joking are you?"

"No."

"You are funny. Remove your shirt please."

The trainee returned with everything and Caesar told her to strip off.

"Why?"

"I'm nude so you should be nude. Actually when you trained for bed bathing you wore gloves and a thick apron, didn't you?"

"Yes."

"Well where's your apron? Go back soaking and your tutor will kick your ass."

"No likely. We work in a safe environment."

"You feel safe here, don't you?"

"Yes of course."

"Well get your gear off."

The trainee began to strip. May I leave my panties on? They are nylon so will dry fast."

"Yeah, so leave your stockings on as well. That way you'll feel almost fully dressed. You hold rather a lot in that bra, don't you?"

"Yes, I love my breasts. They are so soft. Want to feel?"

"Oh yes. Mind if I use both hands?"

"Not at all. Oh my goodness. Look at your pecker now!"

"It's call pre-cum. Please do not be afraid."

"I won't. I'll hold the mirror while you shave. You like my breasts don't you?"

"Yeah baby, they're the best."

The trainee giggled and she flushed, the mirror shaking.

Caesar almost blew a couple of times as she slowly completed bathing him and he watched her nearest tit sweep over his chest, nipple hardening, as she washed him lower down. He stopped thinking about the swollen-lipped pussy waiting for him and only just managed to avoid ejaculating.

After she put everything away it was just so easy for him. Caesar asked her to rub on the lube. She did that so wonderfully and inspecting the architecture of his dick as she rubbed. Her breathing became ragged.

"Okay, step over my lap and face me."

Holding up her tits (the sight of that almost sent him through the ceiling), she asked, "Are we going to fuck?"

"Yes."

"Oooh. It's against regulations for me to become that involved."

"No sweat, you're not going to tell anyone and neither will I."

"Don't I need to take off my panties? My brother and his friends always say I must."

Caesar pretended not to have heard that. "Pull your panties aside darling. Now watch my hot stick go it. I think of this as one of the wonders of life. Does it feel too tight?"

"No, lovely in fact. I can feel the veins of your cock moving along the walls of my cunt."

Caesar urgently diverted his mind to think of shooting through the cop's vehicle antennas and then they coming in and beating him stupid. That worked very successfully; he only just avoided shooting the lot into the sweet young thing and she hadn't even moved.

She waited, appearing to want instructions. He waited until he felt the urge to blast semen really subside.

"Okay little darling, all ready?"

She nodded and was told to begin bouncing up and down on his erection and to keep a hand cupped over her pussy ready to push hid dick back in if she mistimed and all of his length slid out. She was to kiss him and he'd play with her tits and ears.

Caesar knew he couldn't overly exploit the very young woman and just use her very tight cunt to get him away for ten seconds of ecstasy. No, he'd impart some tutoring.

He caressed her breasts, licked, tugged and nipped her nipples, telling her what he was doing and asked her what, if anything, played her tune.

"Soft does little to me; rough makes me pant and want to fuck the balls off you."

Caesar hadn't quite expected that. Was this the timid young thing that less than ninety minutes ago had timidly entered his home holding out a disinfectant can?

They kissed and he applied pressure, almost to the point of bruising her lips and she moaned and forced his lips open with her tongue and threw herself around a bit. Nothing to teach there. She moaned a little when he fingered her ears but that rang no bell. He really got her going when he taught her to smack the pad above her clit. Her rang her bell by running his finger lightly up and down the groove between her cunt and her asshole; that had her bucking and picking up pace. He could of course ram a finger up her back passage and have her spray like a woman possessed but he wanted to leave her with still some things to learn.

"Okay, stop bouncing for a minute. Lay back resting your hands either just above or below my knees, not on them. Good. Now slowly push your stomach and right down to your crotch using a big of hip thrust. Feel anything?"

"Oh God, I'm playing my own tune."

"Great. Vary the speed and intensity of the movement."

"Oh God, this is simply delicious."

"Okay, straighten up, smack your pad occasionally, flick a finger over your clit, start bouncing again. Now I'll rock and you also move your hips and gut muscles in and out."

"Great, you're doing great, I can feel the friction your are creating. Are you okay?"

"Yeeeeeeeeeeeeessss," the trainee yelled. 

The pressure became too great for Caesar and he groaned and blasted into her and a second later she threw her head back and convulsing yelled, "Oh God, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and collapsed on to him.

* * *

The barbwire slashes across the top of his toes and around his ankle and the cut right to the bone across his lower leg looked pretty clean and the trainee had no trouble applying the new dressings. She then deep tongued him and kissed his brow and eyes and said goodbye.

"Hey, what's your name?" called Caesar as she reached the door.

"She grinned. "I'm reporting that your wounds are weeping a little Mr Bishop but looked healthy around the edges and I shall advise I need to return to change them tomorrow and clean you up a bit. I need more advanced training of the type you provide. I'll not give you my name until you are right up me tomorrow!"

Off she went, leaving Caesar no longer lonely, no longer bored. He had tomorrow's itinerary to plan for his young student.

THE END