 * Jen *

I am on a bus, reading a book. I am wearing a short black leather skirt and a white silk blouse (No bra of course). I look up and see you watching me. I smile at you, letting my eyes linger over the length of your body, slowly taking in every detail. I meet your eyes once more and go back to my book with a small smile on my face.

* Chris *

Having just got on the bus, I notice you sitting reading your book. My eyes are immediately drawn to your long lovely legs. From your heels to your short mini skirt, I am almost unable to look away. From the white blouse you are wearing, I can tell that you aren't wearing a bra. My cock hardens, as my arousal increases.

Quickly turning away, I gaze out the window, and try to gather myself. I can see your reflection in the bus window, and I have to look back. Glancing at the book I try to make out what it is. I guess maybe I was looking to hard because you look up at me. I'm amazed as you slowly move from my eyes, down my chest and legs, then back to my eyes. Oh shit, I have to talk with this woman!

My stop was next, but screw it! As a few of the passengers disembarked from the bus, the seat next to you became available. Walking over, I'm aware of how hard my cock has become. Sitting next to you, I glance over and introduce my self. 

"Hi, I'm Chris," I say as my eyes rediscover your legs, "I was just wondering about the book that your reading, is it good?"

* Jen *

I flip the book closed, looking over at you and shifted slightly so our legs were brushing as I moved around a bit. 

"It's very very interesting." I hold it up so you can see THE STORY OF O written on the spine. I smile slowly, 

"You ever read it?"

While waiting for your response, I look you over slowly, stopping on your crotch, almost licking my lips over the bulge I see there. My nipples harden slightly under my shirt and I feel the urge to lean forward and taste your mouth.

I "accidentally" drop the book and lean over to get it from where it fell between your feet. My breasts brush your knees and my hand inserts itself between your legs to support my body as I lean over. As I lean back up I face you slightly so that you can see my cleavage against the open buttons of my shirt. 

I meet your eyes, my voice drops to a husky whisper, 

"Well? Have you ever read it?"

* Chris *

As you lightly flip the book closed, I can feel your leg graze against my pant leg. Your eyes are electric as my cock searches for room to stretch. 

As I start to answer your question, I notice your eyes. I watch as they move from my face over my chest, to my groin. Aware of your stare, I lean back in my seat trying to relax. Dropping your book, you lean into me to retrieve it. Your hand reaches my thigh, and my cock bobs against my kacky pants. Unconsciously my hand reaches for your back, but quickly I think better of it. Reaching for your book, your hand finds the space between my legs. Slowly you rise, closely you rise. My mouth is dry, as my body trembles a bit from your dance. My right arm resting across the back of your seat, you ask again about the book.

Oh shit! 

"Huh? Oh the book." I had been openly staring into your chest; I could almost feel a bit of drool forming in the corner of my mouth. 

"No, I'm not familiar with that one." Turing in my seat, I sit toward facing you. My left hand grazes your thigh, then stops. My fingers, not moving at first, lightly start up your thigh, slowly, very slowly, lightly touching, finally reaching your skirt. 

"I really like to read a lot. If you have time, maybe you could tell me about it," I say, my eyes staring lustfully into yours.

* Jen *

I look at you while I wait for your answer; you seem oblivious to everything but me. When it finally hits you that I was talking, you jump a little and without even glancing down at the book, you tell me no, but could I tell you about it?

"Well, I was just going to go home and read, if you're not busy we could," I pause and bite my lower lip, "get together. I am only a few blocks away." 

Suddenly I feel a bit scared, but as I straighten out my things, I see your crotch again, mmmmm to have a few hours to play with that, much better than reading a book.

I look up at you, I feel my face flushing with heat, the thought of touching you is so overpowering that I feel like I have to. I place my hand on your thigh, in the same spot where yours is resting on mine, lean close and breathe in deeply. With my mouth by your ear, I say,

"God you smell good." I make sure my breath blows on the hairs on your neck and behind your ear. "You didn't have plans for tonight did you?"

Slowly I run my hand up your leg, almost to your crotch, back down to your knee. The leg beneath my hand felt strong and muscled. I look into your eyes, hoping that if you had plans you'd cancel and we could spend some time together. I had never met anyone like you before, never felt that spark of attraction so strongly, I felt like I was burning up with desire and need.

* Chris *

My chest pounds, and my cock aches as I stare into your beautiful eyes. With my cock growing harder, I squirm a bit in my seat, trying to become a bit more comfortable. Suddenly I realize that you'd asked me a question, and smiling at you I start to answer.

Before I'm able to speak, you lean toward me. My God you're beautiful, I think, as you move to me, as if to whisper. I can feel your warm breath on my neck and ear as you mention how good I smell. Your hand reaches for my knee and slowly slides up my pant covered leg. My legs and ass instinctively tighten in anticipation as your hand slides closer to my crotch. My eyes narrow and I quietly groan as your breath and hand fondle my body. Quietly you whisper if I have any plans tonight.

Oh shit, I think to my self. I have never been in this situation before, I don't think I've ever wanted anyone this badly before. Fuck, I was supposed to meet my brother for drinks tonight. 

"Nothing I can't reschedule." I say as I fumble for my cell phone and quickly dial his number.

As the phone rings, I can't help but let my eyes run down your body. Your chest heaves and your nipples seem hard. And your legs, oh God your legs. My eyes traveled down your sweet legs to your heels, then slowly back up your body, to your face. I could feel the heat, or maybe an energy coming from you, a sexual energy if you will. My cock grew harder just from the thought. She had me, I was fucked, the good fucked though, I think to my self grinning.

My brother's voice snapped me out of the trance I was in, and I explained that I wasn't going to be able to meet him tonight. He continued babbling, but I was unable to focus on anything but you. "We'll get together later, give me a call later in the week," I say. Snapping my cell phone shut, I turn to you again grinning. 

"Well, I'm free for the evening, and I can't think of anything I'd rather do than, umm, discuss your book. By the way, I never caught your name."

* Jen *

I smile as you mumble back to me that you can find a way out of your plans. I can't seem to take my eyes off of you. I watch as you whip out your cell phone and dial a number. I can feel the heat between us. I can almost see the lightening shooting back and forth.

The bus pulls to a stop and I hold out my hand to you and nod my head. 

"This is my stop." 

We walk off of the bus holding hands, exploring the way our hands fit into each other, as we walk down the street. I can't help but notice the calluses on your hand. 

"Do you play softball," I ask rubbing your palm. You look at me and smile. Again you ask me my name. I smile and say, 

"Jen, my name is Jen. So do you?"

We arrive at the front of the townhouse I live in. I open the door hating to let go of your hand. My body is flushed with heat and my knees are trembling with desire. I feel as though I have dived off of a cliff. The adrenaline rush is giving me a high that feels as though I am on a rollercoaster. My stomach is in knots and my mind is racing. 

Ah hell, I think, what am I doing? I turn and look at you one last time before the lock clicks open. Ah there it was, he is the reason I am doing this. I look into your eyes and click open the lock. Before the door opens, I take your hand again and lead you inside. 

As soon as we are inside, I pull you to me, bringing your lips down to mine. I moan your name. 

"Chris, make love to me, touch me, burn with me."

* Chris *

I've never been in a situation like this, never wanted anyone more. I was completely unaware of anyone else on the bus but you. My body ached, yearned, to touch you, hold you, be with you. I grin as you smile at me, my mind racing, and my eyes, lost in yours.

As the bus comes to a stop, you rise and reach for my hand. "This is my stop," you say. Our fingers massage each other's hand, as we walk down the street. With my heart still racing, you ask if I play softball. 

"Yeah, I guess my hands are a little rough," I say as I chuckle. "I love sports, so I tend to play a lot." 

With the rest of the world tuned out, all I can hear is your voice, and your heels as they click on the sidewalk. 

"Jenn, that's a beautiful name." I say. 

I glance down and notice again the hardness of your nipples. My eyes trace downward again, to your legs, then back to your eyes. I gently smile at you, completely unaware of where this might lead.

Reaching your townhouse, your hand slowly slips from mine. I watch intently as you search for your keys, your hands almost appear to be trembling. Glancing back at me, I smile as I hear your lock click open. Grasping my hand, you lead me into your home. With the door still open, you pull me to you. Reaching up, you bring my lips to yours as you moan for me to take you.

My right hand finds your waist and pulls you hard against me. I reach back with my leg, and kick the door closed. My left hand finds your face as our tongues explore each other's mouths. Brushing your hair back, I let my left stroke your hair as I kiss you deeply, passionately. My right hands slides to the small of your back, pulling you tighter against my ever hardening cock, as my left slides from your hair down your shoulder to your supple breast.

Gently I squeeze and massage your breast, feeling the hardness of your nipple, my other hand finding your skirt and working it up. My hands tremble with excitement, I fumbled with the buttons on your blouse, popping a few off, as my other hand slides up your skirt up to your waist. Now moaning myself, my lips find your ear, gently biting and nibbling, as you back up deeper into your townhouse.

Backing into a table, I kiss, lick and nibble down your neck to your chest. My hands slide down to your waist, and I gently lift you onto the table. Your hard nipple slides into my mouth, as my hands slide up your soft thighs, reaching your now wet panties.

* Jen *

When you pull me to you, I feel a jolt through my whole body. I lean against you and feel like I am melting into your hard frame. I grip the hair at the back of your head while our tongues stroke each other. I grind against your cock, feeling its hardness through your kackis. 

When your hand touches my breast, I gasp. Everywhere your fingers move, send shocks through my whole being. I am hungry to have you, to touch you and to be touched by you. My legs tremble, I feel weak. My head is spinning from our kiss. 

I hear my buttons go flying and a small tear of fabric. I don't care, your breath tickles my ear, sensitizing my neck, sending goose bumps over my whole body, and forcing my already hard nipples even harder. 

Although I was unaware of it we had been backing up. When the back of my legs touch the table I shift slightly against you. You lift me up, sliding me back until you have access to my breasts. Your mouth envelops one breast in heat your sucking sends shivers of desire running along my whole body. I arch up towards you, meeting your hand as it rides up my thigh. Even though I want you to touch me, I feel as though if you do I will shatter into a million little pieces. My skin is flushed and I am moaning and clawing at your arms and back. 

Yes, Yes Yes seems to be my litany. I crave your touch more than I have ever craved anything in my life. I moan as you stroke me through my panties. They are so wet it feels as though there is nothing between the two of us. The thin layer of silk does nothing to shield me from your questing fingers. You hand slides between my panty and my pussy. I am drenched and suddenly very glad I had trimmed up everything. I was shaved almost completely except for a thin stripe running around my pussy that was cropped very closely. 

Sure enough, as soon as your fingers touch my clit, I explode into your hand. My orgasm shaking me to my core. I cry your name as I cum, holding on to your shoulders, my nails digging in scoring your back and shoulders. You never let up your assault on my senses. I am thrown headfirst into another orgasm that sends the world spinning. Your fingers, your mouth, I arch against you, mindless in the passion you evoke in my body. I feel your fingers moving in and out of me, stroking, pushing me higher and higher. 

I take your hand and push you away a bit. I want to enjoy you and play with you as much as you have played with me. Slowly I raise the fingers that had been inside me, to my mouth, sucking on each one in turn. I watch as your eyes darken and your breathing becomes even more irregular. I don't trust my legs to hold me up, so instead I lean forward and slowly start to unbutton your shirt. My hands are trembling and I feel glorious. 

I slide your shirt off of your body, stroking your chest, leaning in and gently biting and sucking on your nipples. My hands slide down and I feel you hands grip my hair and force my mouth back for a kiss. I unbuckle the leather dress belt and undo the button, sliding the zipper down. You cock seems alive, twitching at my least little touch. You pants fall to the floor, soon followed your underwear. 

You cock and balls keep me fascinated. I stroke them slowly, lifting the balls into my hand, rolling them between my fingers, feeling their weight and softness.

* Chris *

Having lifted you onto the table, my mouth kisses sucks and nibbles its way to your breast. You gasp loudly as I reach your breast. As I suck your nipple hard into my mouth, my hand slides up your bare thigh and your soaking wet panties. Gently, and then more firmly, I nibble and then bite your hard and swollen nipple. As I continue to stroke your wet panties, you arch your back to my hand. Your moaning increases my arousal as I press harder against your pussy. My index finger finds the edge, then slides inside your panties. Finding your wet pussy, I look down as I pull your panties aside. As you claw at my back and arm, my fingers slide up, then down your wet pussy.

"God you're so wet," I moan as I slip two fingers into your tight wet cunt. As my thumb finds your clit, you scream loudly and your pussy contracts around my fingers. Sliding a third finger in, I rhythmically fuck you with my hand. Bucking against my hand, I can almost see your cum pool up in my palm as you explode into orgasm. I watch as you throw your head back in sexual bliss, I thrust my fingers faster and faster into your swollen wet gash. I reach again for your breast with my mouth, as the fourth finger of my hand slides into your pussy. Sucking your nipple hard into my mouth, I can feel you near your second orgasm.

Pushing me back, you reach for my wet hand, wet from you. I moan loudly, as you take each of my fingers one at a time into your mouth. It's almost to much for me, watching you clean your cum from each of my fingers. My knees feel week, and my eyes narrow to slits as your mouth works on each of my fingers.

Releasing my hand, you unbutton and remove my shirt. My heart is racing, and I'm almost unable to catch my breath as you stroke my chest with both your hands and mouth. My cock has been so hard, its been oozing pre cum for the past 10 minutes, and as your hand reaches for my belt I almost lose my balance. Reaching for you, I grasp your hair and pull your mouth to mine. I have to taste that sweet mouth of yours again. As our tongues dance together, I can feel your hands unbuckle my belt and lower the zipper.

You push back from our kiss as my pants fall to the floor. With my cock bulging from the top of my underwear, you smile at the wet spot on my underwear caused from my pre cum. Hooking your thumbs into the waistband, your send my underwear to the floor. My cock 'bounces' free, as if it had been tied to my stomach. As you reach for my balls, I moan your name, while having to reach for your shoulder for support. Gently you need my balls, gently rolling them in your hand, I'm only able to moan, babble, and my hips instinctively push into you. As you lightly grab my cock, I moan even louder, my eyes all but shut. Your hand fits like a glove on my cock, massaging it, milking it.

Looking down, I watch as you stroke my hard throbbing cock. 

"Oh God, Oh God, oh God," I moan. I lower my hands to your thighs, then back to your ass. I pull you to the edge of the table. 

"God how I want to slide my hard cock into your pussy. Please Jenn," I almost plead. "I'm so hard, and I want you so bad."

* Jen *

I suddenly feel shy, my belly is fluttering my legs are shaking, but now that I have had release, I can take my time and pleasure you. I push you away from the table and drop to my knees in front of you. I had tasted myself and wanted to taste you too.

I run my tongue slowly up your length. I circle your tip, slowly sliding my mouth around your tip as my tongue flicks it. You grip my shoulder and hair as though you were going to fall over. I slide my mouth down your length and pull back up, slowly sucking and increasing the friction with my tongue. 

While I suck on your cock, I massage your balls, holding them in my hand, rolling them in my fingers, feeling their softness, and pulling at your sack to keep the sensation up. You are swaying and holding on to me for dear life. 

Suddenly, I feel your balls rise, and I feel your grip tighten, your cum shoots into my mouth where I swallow it down and suck for more. When you finally relax, move from your cock to you balls where I suck them into my mouth I suck on them while you re-gain your breath. 

I stand and tug down my skirt and pull my shirt together. I take your hand and walk into my room. I have a huge four poster bed that is covered in dark blue velvet bed curtains. When they are closed, it is perfectly dark in the bed. I could sleep for hours and hours in there. The sheets are silk and also a dark blue. The spread is blinding white. 

I lead you in, sit you on the edge of the bed and strip for you, my hands moving over my body, teasing my nipples, watching the fire leap back into your eyes.

* Chris *

As you continue to massage and stroke my rock hard cock, I moved closer to you. Mostly to couple with you, but also desperately needing balance. My legs trembled and my breathing was irregular. I needed you, I wanted you, but you had other ideas.

With your hand never leaving my cock, you push me back from the table, and slowly fall to your knees. Gasping, I look down as you tongue extends to my cock. With just the tip of your tongue, you lightly lick my shaft up, then back down. Throwing my head back, I groan loudly, 

"Oh God Jenn!" 

Every once of fluid in my body seems to be pooling into my hard cock. My body sways, and I reach for you for balance. As one hand finds your shoulder and the other your hair, I can feel your hot breath on my aching member. The muscles in my ass and legs tighten, and my hips arch forward in anticipation of your sweet warm mouth enveloping my hard throbbing cock.
