 Like all my stories this has elements of truth in it. The, "truth" bit can be in the sex, the background or any other bit of the story. Knowing that some people I know read this site and may be left wondering which bit is true is part of the fun.

Physical exercise always left him feeling horny afterwards. While exercising, he didn't notice it but later, well he would take things into his own hands or hand as it were. As he did so Dave would often fantasize about whichever girl he had been training with. 

Nothing romantic or sexual had ever happened between him and any of his circus skills partners, partly because for much of the time he had had a regular girl friend but he had also seen more than a few relationships go badly wrong at the circus school because people had different expectations etc. etc.

Juliette had also had her own dreams about a number of the men she had worked with and since she had started working with Dave on a regular basis had often imagined his mouth on her nipples or even lower down as she played with herself in the shower after training.

He was working with Juliette, wild blonde hair five foot three, small firm breasts and not an ounce of spare fat on her. Oh and Juliette also had muscles from all the working out she did, in fact, she had a six pack to match Dave's. Dressed in leggings and a top that unfortunately covered her breasts there was still an ample amount of midriff on view. Dave was similarly dressed, minus the top.

Juliette was balanced with her hips on Dave's feet. She placed her hands in his and he bent his legs, gave a strong push and this time they got it just right and she was doing a handstand on his hands as he lay on the floor, suddenly gazing into her deep blue eyes. 

The routine had gone perfectly, all they had to do now was run through it a few times before the performance. It would be strange doing it out in front of everyone instead of in the padded cell, AKA the Acrobatic Studio at the circus school. On an Impulse Dave decided to bend his arms and lower Juliette down to a point where they could kiss. "keep it tight." He murmured and using all the strength in his arms slowly started to lower her down.

Just as their lips met they somehow lost it. Juliette lay collapsed on top of Dave and to cap it all her top had come undone so her breasts were flattened against Dave's chest. Neither of them were injured, and there was no one to see and laugh at their ineptitude. There was still laughter though. Juliette had a fit of the giggles which she seemed totally unable to control. Dave kissed the top of her head and despite suddenly being aware of her nipples against his chest, joked, "Maybe that bit's not ready for the act yet?" He hoped to distract Juliette from the erection that must be starting to press against her crotch.

Juliette lifted her head and Dave was rewarded with a view he had imagined many a time after their practice sessions. Somehow catching her breath and taking a break in her giggling Juliette asked, "Why? Don't you like what you see now?" Like was an understatement and Dave knew that whatever the cost he just had to put his hands on those beauties in front of him. 

Slowly he released the grasp he had on Juliette's hands and reached forward. Soon he was rewarded by feeling the objects that had been his desire for the past six months. As he felt her nipples harden under the influence of his thumbs and fingers Dave kept half an eye on the door of the studio in case anyone should walk in. Soon however Juliette was demanding his undivided attention. "Suck my nipples!" She commanded.

Dave was only too happy to oblige and as first one nipple then the other was pushed into his willing mouth his hands were finding their way inside Juliette's leggings and the thong that was her only other piece of clothing. She moaned as he massaged her rock hard buttocks, feeling her juices start to flow. Juliette couldn't remember being this horny. Her cunt was eager for no needed some attention. "Touch my clitoris!" She commanded a second time.

No second invitation needed, Dave moistened a finger with her flowing lubrication and obeyed. As he did so two other fingers found their way inside her lips. Afterwards neither could say how long this went on but at some stage Juliette moved forward on her hands and knees to allow Dave's tongue access to where his fingers had been doing their magic. The taste of her sex, seasoned with salt from all the exercise made him still harder as he tongue fucked her shaven sex.

Unable to hold back any longer Juliette's hips started bucking and pushing against Dave's face and tongue. At the same time her breathing was getting faster and faster. Knowing she was close he squeezed her nipples hard and was rewarded with a flood of her cum juices which he lapped up as best he could. 

Even after her orgasm subsided Dave kept exploring all the folds of Juliette's cunt with his tongue, pushing to one side or another or as deep as he could reach, avoiding her button which was too sensitive to take any more for a while. Juliette soon wanted more and reaching over to her bag extracted a condom. She grabbed hold of Dave's leggings and pulled them down along with his underwear. After rolling the condom onto his engorged manhood she totally removed her own leggings and thong before opening her legs out into a straddle and easing Dave's cock into her waiting love tunnel by gently rocking forward.

Dave was more excited than ever as he saw his hard penis disappearing inside Juliette's willing vagina, the first hairless one he had seen in real life. He raised his hips up to meet hers and felt the tightness of her muscles gripping him. Juliette leant forwards against his hands working their magic on her breasts with their sensitive nipples again, letting him take some of her weight for balance as she reached down to her clitoris with one hand. God! she needed to cum! Faster and faster she played with her clit and Dave sensing how close she was thrust up harder and faster with his hips till if not exactly together, at least with twenty seconds or more of overlap their orgasms filled their whole bodies. 

Amazed that no one had intruded upon their time, Dave and Juliette dressed and then used one of their towels to wipe up the evidence of their love making. As they left the Acrobatic Studio Juliette uttered just a single word. "Shower?"