 Dinner was over and I was just finishing up the dishes. My husband, Steve, was seated at the kitchen table watching me. 'Come here Julie, you know what time it is', I heard him say. I turned and walked to him coming to a stop beside his chair.

Having done this on numerous occasions, I began removing my clothes, laying them on a chair nearby. Steve pushed his chair back some and I moved between his open legs; my hands on his knees as I knelt before him. Looking at my husbands handsome face I slid my hands up his thighs to the zipper of his trousers. My hand reached inside his boxers to remove his cock.

Placing both hands behind my back, (my husband loves this view) I bent forward to reverently kiss the head of his cock, before lovingly sucking it into my mouth. As he has trained me to do, I take all his cock into my mouth, getting my lips as close to his balls as I can and I stop.

'You may begin Julie', I hear my husband say as I begin to move my mouth up and down on his hardening cock. He loves to watch his cock sliding in and out of my mouth while my hands are immobile behind my back.

'Ok, Julie now take it deep'. My husband knows how I adore the feeling of having his cock stuffed down my throat. It took countless sucking lessons to be able to take him deep without gagging. I slide my mouth all the way down his hard shaft as my tongue sweeps back and forth on the underside of his cock. When my lips kiss his belly, his cock head firmly planted in my throat, I stop.

'Swallow Julie'. I swallow, feeling my throat muscles grab and release his cock head. He moans, and I feel his hand on my head stroking my hair as he tells me what a good cock sucker I am; how much he loves me, how sexy I look with his cock buried deep in my mouth.

My husband loves to push the limits of my endurance. He knows that while his cock is firmly imbedded in my throat that I cannot breathe. He loves to take it to the edge before allowing me to back off his cock and take a breath.

'Fuck your face with my cock Julie'. At this command my head starts to move up and down on his cock, suck and slurping at his dick as I do. My head bobs up and down fast, taking him deep into my throat on each down stroke. He loves to watch me shove my face down hard on his cock. Loves feeling his cock slide in and out of my swallowing throat.

I feel his other hand come up to my head. Using both hands he starts to shove my face down hard on his cock as he thrusts up with his hips, stabbing his cock repeatedly into my throat. Pulling my mouth almost off his cock only to push my face down hard onto his hard thick tool. Up and down, up and down. I can hear slurping noises as my husband uses my mouth.

Suddenly my husband stops. Removing his hard glistening cock from my mouth, he commands me to stand up. 'It's time for your exercises, come on, you know what you have to do Julie.'

Placing both hands on his shoulders I straddle his lap. He spreads his legs wider, which spreads my legs more giving him total access to my cunt and ass. My husband loves to have my shaved pussy open to his touch like that. He just adores sliding his fingers in and out of my openings.

'Oh Julie, your cunt is just dripping with your juices. You love this don't you baby.' I feel my heart beat accelerate as he starts sliding two fingers in and out of my open cunt, then sliding those two slick fingers around my clit. I close my eyes absorbing these wonderful feelings that are overtaking my body.

'Open your eyes baby, look at me', my husband says. He loves to watch my face, my eyes, while he plays with my body. I can feel those two fingers sliding deeply in and out of my cunt. He takes those two wet fingers and slides them up to my puckered rosebud. Sliding them round and round getting my asshole wet and slick with my cunt juices.

He slides those two fingers back into my cunt, while his other hand moves to my clit and starts to stroke and flick at my hard nub. Removing those fingers he start to slowly insert them into my ass, moving his other fingers into my cunt. He starts pushing his fingers deep into my ass, in and out as he starts to do this with the fingers in my cunt too. A few strokes together, then he staggers them, over and over. In one hole while he is out of the other, then he starts to fuck them both at the same time, driving me to the edge.

He stops, having his fingers deep in my cunt as well as deep in my ass. He wiggles his fingers and I moan out loud, feeling shivers of lust race through me straight to my cunt. Still wiggling his fingers he leans forward and captures a nipple in his mouth. Tugging and sucking on it then biting down on it hard. I cry out!! 'Oh my God Steve!!!'

He removes his mouth from my nipple and tells me 'don't you cum Julie. You know the rules.' I take deep breaths loving the feeling of lust and need flowing and building in my body. Enjoying the feeling of having my cunt and ass filled, reveling in the build up of my orgasm.

My husband removes his fingers from my body and I can feel him sliding his cock up and down my wet needy cunt, getting the head of his cock all wet and glistening from my abundant pussy juice. He places the head of his cock at the opening of my cunt.

'All right Julie, go ahead. Start your exercises.' I lower myself onto his cock, my cunt so wet and open; pushing down and then moving back, going down further, moving up again until he is totally imbedded deep in my body. Wanting to insure that I had all of him, I grind my hips down hard onto him. He moans.

Looking into my his eyes I squeeze my pussy muscles hard and hold it. Counting out loud '1.. 2.. 3..', then relaxing my pussy muscles, still counting '1.. 2.. 3..'. I then squeeze my muscles again, holding it for a three count, then relaxing for a three count.

My husband is the most generous and loving man in the world. He knows I have this goal of being able to make him cum in me by just using my muscles to milk his cock. Helping me to attain my objective, he started me on a regiment of pussy exercising, wanting nothing more then to please me.

Squeezing his cock, counting and then relaxing. I keep doing this until Steve tells me to stop. He pulls my head down to him and kisses me passionately. Then I hear him ask 'Are you ready Julie?'. I whisper, 'oh yes honey, I can't wait!'.

Raising myself up, I remove his cock from me then turn myself around. I brace myself on the table in front of me. He takes his wet cock and places it at my asshole. Moving his hands to my hips, he starts to pull me down onto his cock. I can feel the head of his cock, pushing insistingly until it pops into my ass. He stops, giving me just a second to adjust.

He pulls on my hips, sliding his hard cock into my ass until he is firmly planted. 'Ok Julie, make me cum.' Hearing this I start my exercising again; squeezing my muscles, counting, then releasing and counting. Squeezing, releasing. Concentrating hard on the feeling of his cock in my ass.

I can hear him start to moan louder, talking to me. Telling me how good my tight ass feels around his cock. With one hand he he starts to play with my clit, flicking it, pinching it. His other hand moves up to my tits, finds my hard nipple and starts to tug and twist and pinch it. I keep squeezing his cock with my muscles, feeling him expand even more. Squeezing, counting, releasing, counting.

Suddenly Steve rears up hard.. crying out, 'cum Julie, cum now!'. He thrusts his cock deeper into my ass, squirting his hot cum deep into my bowels. Hearing his command and feeling him cum, I let go, my orgasm crashing through me. My body is shaking and jerking, my cunt and ass muscles spasming and squeezing his still squirting cock. My body is squeezing his cum from him; my juices flowing from my cunt running down to saturate his balls.

Pulling me back against his chest, my husband turns my head and kisses me, as we let our bodies enjoy that glow that always accompanies such a good training session.