 "...18, 19, 20, and break!" JC called out. He was leaning against the doorway to the basement rec room while his client, Kathy, was on the stairs, doing leg lifts. It was an easy exercise, but it warmed up the calves nicely. 

Kathy turned to face JC, her face glistening slightly with sweat. As she looked at JC, he marveled at how she had changed since he had first started training her brothers back at Equinock. 

JC had been training Kathy and her family for quite some time. In fact, JC had first met Kathy when she had been in high school. JC had first started training her brothers and mother, while Kathy had been trained by a female trainer, Robin, at Equinock before he became her trainer. Since he had seen her at Equinock many years ago, he had watched her change from a school girl to a young woman.

When they had first met, Kathy had been skinny, her gold and chocolate brown hair had traveled past her breasts. Her face had been more juvenille looking, but the eyes, gray-green tinted with blue and hazel, had the same light to them as they did now. Today, at 23, Kathy was a college girl, in her senior year, with a 5th year to go, and she had changed. Her body had filled out a bit, changing her figure from skinny to an hour-glass figure that gave her a more mature look. Her face had become accented better by the high cheekbones and slender neck that didn't seem to come from either her mother or father, but from some distant relative. Her hair was shorter now, stopping at her shoulders. Kathy's eyes, however, they were eyes that still always held JC spellbound, and now looked very stunning in her flushed face. 

Not that JC wasn't good to look at himself. Even at 30, he was tall, a little over 6ft, and in good shape, quite muscular. As a firefighter, he had to keep in shape. His head was shaven, which worked well on him, and he had deep brown eyes. 

As Kathy took a swig of water, JC found himself wondering how her pink lips, now glistening from the water, would feel against his. 

Kathy was contemplating how she could get to spend time with JC outside of training, while at the same time, trying to concentrate on the next exercise. Lunges were something that sometimes made her off-balance. But, the point of working out was doing exercises that worked all the muscles, and lunges did just that for the legs.

"So how are you enjoy vacation?" JC asked.

Kathy was on spring break from college, but she shrugged. "It's boring. I do not have anything to do except keep up with my art, and work out. I want to go out, have some fun."

"Well, a group of us are going to dinner tonight, care to join?"

Kathy's breath caught for a bit, before she controlled her features and gave her answer. "Sure. Sounds like it could be fun."

"Alright, I will give you a call later. Time for crunches."

Kathy smiled at JC, but groaned playfully. As the workout continued, JC wondered how that groan would sound in a different setting.

Later that night, Kathy found herself sitting next to JC, playing poker with him and several of JC's friends. She was having a good time. They had gone out to dinner at an Applebee's, and had a fantastic time. Now, they were all winding down, having a drink or two, and playing poker.

Kathy was good at poker, and was finding herself having a fun time, going back and forth with her chips, not caring if she was winning or loosing. If this had been a more serious game, she would have cared, but she was sitting next to JC, and they were teasing each other playfully back and forth, so her mood was different than when she played at school. She had just split a pot with JC, seeing as they had almost identical hands, and she checked the time.

"Holy shyt is it that late?" Kathy said in disbelief. 

"What time is it?" JC asked.

"It's almost midnight."

"Perhaps we should get you home."

Kathy pouted playfully, but she didn't take it hard. The rest of the players were taking notice and starting to break up as well. Some of them were also fellow firefighters, and had to work the next day. It wouldn't do if they went into work exhausted.

"Alright, you can take me home," Kathy reluctantly said.

They got into JC's car. The two of them started talking about the night, saying they needed to play poker again. Kathy talked about having played strip poker before, peaking JC's interest. He asked how one accomplished it, and Kathy started to explain that people went by different rules, but explained the rules that she had played by. 

JC felt a stirring in his groin as Kathy explained in detail a game of strip poker she had played recently. Apparently, that group had been a mixed group of guys and girls, and Kathy had been one of the first to loose all her clothes. Kathy said she hadn't minded, it had been an interesting night.

"One can't be mad during strip poker. It's quite fun, whether you win or loose," Kathy commented. 

JC felt himself getting hard. He almost missed the turn to Kathy's house, and almost missed her invitation inside completely.

"Hello? JC?" 

JC shook his head slightly. "I am sorry, Kathy, what did you say?"

"I said, do you want to come inside and watch a movie for a bit? I am not tired at all," Kathy said, with a hint of coyness.

"Sure," JC agreed.

Kathy hid a sly smile. Her story had worked, and she had noticed a slight bulge in the front of JC's pants. She knew he was thinking about how she had looked naked. As Kathy walked in front of JC to the living room, she noticed how silent the house was, and couldn't help but feel relieved that either no one was home or everyone was dead asleep. 

Kathy had picked a movie that JC had never heard of: Formula 51. Kathy had said it was a funny action movie, and so far, he was agreeing. Samuel L. Jackson in a kilt looked hysterical! Kathy sat next to JC, her legs curled up close to her chest, and he could smell the body spray she had put on for the evening, as her shoulder touched his. He noticed her stretch slightly, as if she was trying to get comfortable.

JC grabbed a pillow. "Here, lay down," he said, putting the pillow in his lap and patting it. Kathy pulled her hair over to one side, and laid her head down, exposing her neck. JC felt the pressure of her head in his lap, and caught his breath slightly. While she couldn't feel his hard on through the pillow, he was certainly turned on by how, even laying on her side in the glow of the movie, she looked stunning. He felt his hand coming up, as if of it's own free will, and lightly ran his fingertips across the skin of her neck. 

Kathy let out a tiny moan at the feel of JC's fingers on her skin, before they combed through her hair and back against to her skin. The gentle caresses raised goosebumps that she was certain JC could feel. The caresses began to travel further down the neck, to the collar bone, down the shoulders, until a hand wrapped around to the front of Kathy's body, and gently cupped her right breast. 

Kathy turned her body, until she was laying on her back, looking up at JC. JC ran a finger down her face, and Kathy caught the finger in her mouth, gently sucking it. JC's eyes closed and she heard a deep groan from him. Kathy felt JC's other hand reach behind her head, and began to lift her face to his. 

JC's lips met Kathy's in a hesitant, shaky kiss. He knew she was a client, and this was probably wrong, but he couldn't help himself, even as the shy kiss ended. He looked at her face, as her eyes opened half-way, her lips sensually parted and glistening, her cheeks a bit flushed, her hair falling back and entangled in his fingers. She looked so beautiful.

Kathy reached one hand up, and stroked the side of JC's face. She held his face in her hand, as JC brought her closer for another kiss, this one deeper, and more passionate. She felt his tongue slide into her mouth and hers tease his enticingly. JC lifted her up all the way, so she was sitting up, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, while his hands clutched at her back. Kathy broke the kiss at one point, letting her mouth nibble at JC's neck and ear, eliciting a moan of pleasure from him. He returned the favor by pulling her head back slightly, exposing her throat to his mouth, as he planted several gentle kisses along her smooth white throat and collarbone.

Kathy ran her hands down JC's chest, reaching the bottom of his gray T-shirt. She began to pull it up, making JC break his hold on her. But once his shirt came off, his hands began to cup Kathy's 36B breasts, before his fingers started to undo the buttons of her black top. Underneath, he saw a lacy black bra, barely covering her beautiful chest, and as he began to kiss the very tops of her breasts, he reached around and undid her bra. 

JC lay Kathy down on the couch, the movie completely forgotten. He ran a hand from her neck down her chest, circling each nipple, and then down her stomach, making Kathy quiver gently. He let his hand wander further as he cupped her mound through her jeans, and felt himself jerk as he sucked Kathy's right nipple into his mouth, making her moan. 

Kathy felt herself getting wet, and felt like she would cum as soon as JC put pressure on her pussy, even though it was through her jeans. She knew he could feel the heat through all that fabric, she was so turned on. Her hands began to roam down to his crotch and grabbed at the hardening bulge in the front of his jeans. She heard JC gasp and groan deep as he sucked and nipped at her right nipple, making Kathy arch her back.

JC's hand undid the button and fly of Kathy's jeans, exposing a matching lacy thong underneath. Slowly, gently, he snaked his hand between Kathy's jeans and the thong, reaching her crotch. He could feel her juices soaking through the fabric of the thong, as he slid a finger across her engorged clit through her thong. Kathy caught her breath, and she felt her body shiver as JC pushed aside the fabric of the thong and slide a finger into her already wet cunt.

Kathy's mouth opened in a wordless cry of pleasure, feeling JC's finger penetrate her pussy. Her back arched higher, and her fingers dragged against JC's bare back, almost scratching him. JC watched as Kathy's face contorted in pleasure, keeping his finger buried deep inside her. He slowly started to fuck her with his fingers, slowly pulling his fingers out before jamming them hard back into Kathy's tight, wet pussy. Each time he pounded his fingers back into Kathy's pussy, he felt her cunt constrict and her body shake. JC's cock was hard, pressing against his abdomen, and he could feel precum leaking from the tip of his cock. He leaned his face down closer to Kathy's, and kissed her ear.

"I want to fuck you so badly," he whispered, lust filling his voice. JC felt Kathy shudder and felt a little more of her juices flow down onto his fingers. JC couldn't help but smile at how wet she was, and how just the simple statement could make her cum just a little.

Kathy reached up and kissed JC deeply, undoing his jeans and slipping her hands underneath the fabric of the boxer's he was wearing underneath. She grabbed at the hard bugle of his cock, and felt JC moan into her mouth, and grind against her hand. Kathy pushed down JC's boxers, freeing his hardened cock, and began to gently stroke him. 

JC broke the kiss and looked at Kathy, not breaking his fingering of her and she didn't stop stroking him. 

"Please, let me fuck you," he begged. 

Kathy could only nod, wordlessly, her breath still coming in gasps as JC continued to fuck her pussy with his fingers. Gently, she pulled his hand up to her mouth, sucking on the fingers that had just been inside her. She tasted her juices on his fingers and felt him shudder in pleasure as her tongue rolled around his fingers. He pulled her jeans off her body, and gently spread her legs. JC took his cock in his hand and began to run it up and down the slit of Kathy's cunt. Kathy groaned in lust, and arched her back, as if trying to get JC inside her.

JC gently pushed forward, until just the head was inside her, before pulling back out. He repeated the process, inching just a little bit of his cock inside her each time, until he was pressed against her, fully buried inside. He held himself there, watching Kathy gently writhe in pleasure, her face a look of pure lust and sex. 

Kathy's eyes fluttered open and looked up into JC's face. Her arms reached up, and circled around his neck, and gently pulled him down to her. JC lowered himself to Kathy, kissing her, as he gently began to thrust in and out of her. It was like slipping in and out of velvet, and JC felt a surge of pleasure. He kept a slow pace, his hips gently pressing against her inner thighs as he continued to push into her with each thrust of his hips. He kept up his steady pace, letting his lips wander from Kathy's lips to her neck, leaving a trail of gentle kisses, along her collarbone before letting his mouth descend again upon her breasts. JC let his tongue tease and flick across the nipple of each breast. He let his teeth scrape across the gentle skin around the nipple before sucking gently, but hungrily at her breast, first her right one, then her left. One hand was caressing her body as he started to thrust a bit harder and a little faster, but still keeping a steady pace.

Kathy had her arms wrapped around JC's neck, but her hands started to wander, starting to drag her nails up his spine, causing goosebumps to appear on JC's skin. Her back arched to let her chest press against JC's mouth, her breasts in his face, bouncing slightly with each thrust of his dick into her warm, tight pussy. Her legs instinctively wrapped around JC's back, as if trying to keep him tightly pressed into her pussy. With each thrust, Kathy pulled JC closer to her with her legs, as if urging him to go deeper, harder, and faster. 

JC felt Kathy's urging, and slowly started to pick up the pace, moving his pelvis faster and pushing against her harder. He felt his balls slap a little with each thrust against Kathy's skin. He felt her pussy grow tighter, her impending orgasm showing in her face. He could feel his own climax beginning to build and each moan of pleasure from Kathy's lips urged him closer, and made him pick up his pace.

Kathy felt her abdomen tighten, and her pussy begin to constrict against JC's cock. She felt the heat inside of her rising, building towards an intense orgasm. Her nails began to dig into JC's shoulders, her legs tightening around his back. Her voice grew louder, but not too loud, in fear that if people were home, she would wake them. But the friction of her clit being rubbed against the top of JC's cock, and the pleasure of him pounding deeper and deeper into the recesses of her pussy. She felt JC pick up his pace, moving faster in and out of her, the meeting of their flesh resounding in the room, even over the credits of the movie. JC's pace was faster now, as if trying to reach some end goal, but Kathy was reaching towards the goal of her orgasm. She felt herself approach a breaking point, until JC thrust against her once, twice, three more times and it sent her over the edge. Kathy's pussy tightened and her back arched high, as her orgasm washed over her like a wave crashing against the shore. Her face was twisted in pleasure, her eyes closed, mouth open in a wordless cry, her body in a sheen of sweat. 

JC felt Kathy's pussy contract so tightly around his cock, it was like a vice. He had never felt anything so tight in his life. His eyes closed in pleasure, savoring the feel of her warm pussy around his hard dick. He felt her start to shake as her orgasm began to wash over her. He pounded hard into her, before he felt her juices flow down onto his cock. The tight feeling of his dick combined with the warmth of her juices was too much. He thrust hard into her several times, his cock throbbing with the need to release. He pushed deeper into her once, twice, three times and felt his own climax, releasing himself. His cum began to spurt inside of her. He moaned low in pleasure the one of the biggest orgasms he had ever felt overcame him body, making him tremble and shake, still shooting his load deep into Kathy.

JC held himself frozen for several minutes, his cum still shooting up into Kathy, while her juices slide down her pussy and onto his cock. There was so much cum it began to drip from her slit. JC felt spent, and collapsed on top of Kathy, his semi-hard dick slowly slipping out of her drenched cunt. His own body was covered in sweat, and felt slick against the wet skin of Kathy. They both gasped to catch their breath, still holding each other, laying together in the silence. 

It was Kathy who finally said something. 

"Well, that was a good 'training' session, wasn't it?" she gasped, joking a little. 

JC turned to look at her, and gently kissed her. "So, when are we scheduled to train again?" he asked, smiling lustfully.

Kathy's wicked grin flashed across her face, and she kissed him deeply. "I think we are scheduled to meet again on Tuesday."

"Let's meet at my place, next time," JC whispered.

"I like the sound of that."