 The name of this story has nothing to do with the main characters names. The story is about a 40-something guy having sex with an 18 year old girl(s), so I just took the name "Lolita" from the Nabokov novel.

----------------------------

-- From the last story

After Dana and Deb gave John the treat of showing up as schoolgirls being sent to the principal's office, John got everything he wanted, including Deb's ass.

When they left they gave the still naked John a big hug. Dana went out the door as Deb hugged him. She grabbed his cock and stared down at it before she left. "I can't believe I got that in my ass."

"You did. And it felt wonderful."

"For me, too. See you later."

And with that, the girls left. John was exhausted. They were, too, and after baths went to bed and slept.

But they discussed if they could top that adventure. Maybe not, but it was worth a try.

----------------------------

The girls got busy over the next couple of weeks, so John left them alone. There was graduation and the required parties thrown by their parents. John got invited to Dana's graduation party by her mother and attended, but tried to portray himself as just an interested neighbor. He didn't even want to interact with Dana and Deb at the party too much because he was afraid there would be too much familiarity there.

It was the Saturday after graduation that John got another surprise from the inquisitive and feisty young Dana.

John had mowed the yard and taken a shower in the morning and then rested. He was just finishing a late lunch when there was a knock on the back door. John stood to answer it. He was dressed in just a loose pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt, but he knew that Dana and Deb had taken to coming to the back door, and they were about the only ones, so he wasn't concerned about his attire.

When John opened the door, there stood Dana in one of those ridiculously skimpy French maid costumes. John stood there and stared. Her skirt was very short and she was wearing thigh high stockings with some kind of design. The bodice was black and very tight. It led up to just below her tits, where they pushed them up to be barely hidden and mostly displayed through an almost transparent frilly white piece that tucked into the bodice. John stared for a few seconds.

"Bonjour, monsieur." Dana batted her fake eyelashes at him and grinned. She curtsied. She was using a fake French accent - well, at least she was trying. "May I come in?"

John grinned and shook his head at this amazingly curious and sexual young woman. "Sure."

Dana pranced by in her not too high heels, shaking her ass and carrying a coat. She must have used that to get over to John's house without making a public spectacle of herself.

When she was in the middle of the kitchen, Dana turned and faced John. John watched as she walked there and admired the firm, strong legs and then the amazingly bouncy tits that came into view. "Je m'appelle Dana. I mean, my name is Dana." She continued with the French accent. John figured she must have been taking it in school since she knew a little. "I have been sent by Madame Bardot to clean ze house."

John smiled. "Well, that's nice."

Dana looked around and saw that there were dishes on the kitchen table from where John had eaten his sandwich. She handed John her coat. "Can you hang this up, s'il vous plait?"

"Sure." John took the coat and put it on the hooks he had just inside the back door. When he turned around, Dana was at the sink washing the dishes. He watched as she worked on the one he had used for lunch and the ones from breakfast. He had not cleaned up yet from this morning. She was rubbing something and it made her hips wiggle back and forth, the little poofy part of the outfit shaking and showing that under it she was wearing her thigh highs and a thong. That left a lot of delectable flesh visible. He felt a stirring.

"Oops. Mon DIeu!" Dana turned around. "I am afraid that I got my blouse wet."

John stared at the now transparent top that covered just her scrumptious breasts where they had been pushed up by the bodice. He walked over.

"That's unfortunate. Do you have another top?"

"Non, monsieur."

"Well, it's not good to wear wet clothes, so we'll just have to remove that part."

"If you insist, monsieur."

John turned her and unbuttoned the three buttons that were all that were on the blouse above the tight bodice. Dana tugged it over her head and the small piece came off. John reached around and grabbed her tits. "Just trying to make sure they warm up."

Dana moaned and then backed up against John's rapidly hardening cock.

"Oh, monsieur!" Dana turned and faced him and put her right hand on his cock. "Madame Bardot gave me instructions to ensure that you didn't suffer with the swelling."

"The swelling?"

"Oui, monsieur. The swelling of your cock. She told me I must take care of it whenever it occurred."

"Okay." John grinned. "And how will we do that?"

Dana grabbed him by the hand. "In here, monsieur." She led him into the living room and into the front of the couch. She knelt and yanked his gym shorts to the floor. John's cock sprung up in front of her face. 

"Bon. Very nice cock, monsieur." Dana pushed on his chest and John sat on the couch. Dana spread his legs apart and knelt between them. "I must take care of this immediately so I will suck your cock."

John sat back and smiled. "No problem."

Dana went to work. She grabbed his cock and looked up at him. "I must suck your cock and drink your cum so that the swelling goes down." She licked his cock from the bottom to the head and swirled her tongue around the head. She pulled back. "I love sucking cock. Madame Bardot says I am the best cock-sucker she has." 

John smiled and patted her on the head. "I'll be the judge of that."

Dana started bobbing on his cock and jacking the bottom into her mouth. She was licking and sucking for all she was worth. She wanted this to be over quick. She started playing with his balls as she started pulling off and licking as she ran her right hand up and down his cock.

"I'm going to give you a big reward soon."

Dana rose up briefly. "That is good, monsieur. We must relieve the swelling." And she attacked his cock again. She was licking and sucking for all she was worth and John just watched. She had become as good as anyone he had had sex with. He really didn't do much training, just pointed them in the right direction and then let Dana and Deb practice and learn on their own. They were amazing.

Dana continued to suck and lick. She finally pulled off as he was getting close. "I want your cum. I want to suck all of it out of your balls and for you to blast my tonsils with your cum. You have a delicious cock and I am here to suck and fuck you until you cannot cum any more. Now give me that cum."

She continued to do an excellent job so John figured why not give it to her. He just let himself surrender to the feelings and in a few seconds he came. 

"Cumming!" John thrust up into her pretty little cock-sucking mouth and spurted. "Ugh!" He came and came and Dana hummed and moaned her acceptance and enjoyment of swallowing his cum.

When he finally finished he collapsed, limp, back against the couch. "Wow."

"Oui. C'est fantastique, monsieur." She licked her lips and smacked them. "Yum."

Dana stood up. "Now I must clean some more." She turned and looked around and then up at the ceiling fan. "I think the ceiling fan must be cleaned next. I will put the dishes away and then come back."

John just sat there as she disappeared for about 15 minutes. When she came back she was carrying his small stepladder, and a feather duster and dust rag from his pantry. John was still sitting there, his legs apart and his cock and balls on display.

Dana put the three step stepladder down and then looked up. "Monsieur, I do not think I can stand on the top step safely. I will need you to hold me while I reach up to clean."

Dana climbed the ladder as John got up and got behind her to steady her. She reached up and this put her entire lower half on display. John was holding her by her hips as he stared at her ass. It was one of the best he had ever seen. Plump and ripe, but not fat. He was mesmerized as she pretended to dust and wiggled her hips, shaking that ass right in his face.

John leaned forward and held her still as he nipped at her left cheek. Dana giggled and shook her ass some more. John loved it. He moved forward and buried his face in her crack, her thong barely there to block anything. He licked her from as far down as he could get and up through her crack to her lower back. Dana moaned and put her hand behind her. She dropped the duster and bent over a little while she put her hand on John's head. 

John reached up and eased her thong down. Dana giggled and wiggled to help him slide it down. When he got it to the bottom, she lifted her left leg and he pulled it free, leaving it dangling from her right ankle. When he came back up her hand went back on his head and she pulled him into her crack. He could just reach her pussy so he licked that and then gave her asshole a tongue bath. Dana trembled and moaned more.

"Wait." Dana pulled his head back and started stepping down the stepladder. When she reached the bottom she turned and kissed John hard, molding her body against his.

When they separated, John took her by the hand and pulled her to the couch where he spun her around and pushed her onto the couch. He leaned over her and stared directly into her eyes. "I'm going to eat that delicious French pussy now until you beg me to stop."

Dana grinned. 

John kissed her and then knelt down and pulled her ass to the edge. He leaned over and lavished attention on her left nipple while she closed her eyes and held onto his head. Then he switched to the right nipple for about 30 seconds. When he rose up he blew on the nipples and they both hardened in response. He saw her eyes open and they smiled at each other.

"Now, let's see if French pussy tastes any different than American pussy." And with that, John got down and stared at Dana's wet and blood engorged pussy. Her lips were wet and red. He put his hand on the junction of her thigh and her pussy and rubbed his thumb over her lips, feeling the smoothness she had from shaving or waxing. John leaned over and licked slowly up the right lip without touching her clit. Then he did the same to the left. He put his hands under her thighs on the edge of where her stockings met her thighs, the stockings feeling smooth and silky, and lifted her legs up to her chest. Her pussy opened like a flower.

John could see everything now. From her cute little asshole to her delicious pussy. It was all begging for attention. So he gave it.

John swirled his tongue around her ass, eliciting moans from Dana, and she put her hands on his head. She pulled her legs back further, urging him on to tease and stimulate all those nerves in her ass. John teased her ass a little longer and then moved up to her pussy. Her inner lips were showing, ready for him to enjoy.

John took his tongue and started at the bottom of Dana's pussy. He slowly licked up through the center of her pussy, parting her lips and giving him a good taste, and continued up over her clit. Dana's hands clenched tighter, grabbing handfuls of his hair and trembling under his tongue. John circled her clit, making her jerk and moan under his ministrations. He loved feeling her react under his tongue.

John started licking and sucking her pussy in earnest now, no longer teasing, but moving her towards her first orgasm. He could tell that she had been aroused for a while and took two fingers and inserted it into her pussy. He found and rubbed her g-spot as he finally concentrated on her clit with his tongue.

Dana's orgasm ripped through her body, causing major spasms. She clutched John's head tightly to her pussy, and humped his face, muttering and cumming for a long time. When she finally finished, she released her grip on his hair, her body relaxed, and she dropped her legs to the side. She heat in her body was suddenly released like it had been held back, blooming over her face and chest. Her breathing was rapid and fast. She started down at John and smiled. Damn, this was good sex.

As they recovered, John turned to Dana. "You know, after the first two times we had sex, there hasn't been much training or teaching going on."

Dana smiled at John. "Not true. I've learned a lot about what men like and what they want."

"Like what?"

"Well, everyone says that men are visually stimulated and I've proven that with all my costumes."

"Well, the role playing has a lot to do with that, too. Men love the idea of having schoolgirls to discipline, or a French maid that is at his beck and call to use."

Dana nodded. "And let's not forget taking advantage of the babysitter."

"No, no, no, that's not what happened. You came in and took advantage of the father while acting as a baby-sitter."

"Well, it seemed that men like that, too."

"Okay, well, you say men, but you really mean me. It's true that I think most men are exactly like me in that regard, but not everyone is the same."

"I know. I just like doing it with you."

"The role-playing or the sex?"

"I like turning you on and having you fuck me hard."

John put his hand on Dana's leg. "Keep up that dirty talk and you'll get fucked again."

"Promise?"

John laughed. "You are going to absolutely astound the young men at college."

"Who said I wanted any young, inexperienced college boys?"

John laughed some more. "Not all of them will be inexperienced. Besides, at some point you will meet somebody who you are attracted to, who interests you. At that point, you will go down a different road. You won't be just a fuck toy, you'll be a beautiful young woman who that man is also interested in for more than just her sexy body."

Dana turned to John and gave him a playful smirk. "So I'm just a fuck toy to you?"

John looked at Dana a little more seriously. "God, no. If I wasn't probably older than your father, I would make you a permanent part of my life."

"You would?"

John thought that Dana was searching for validation for what they had been doing. He turned to her and took her hands. He looked directly at her. "Dana, you are an amazingly open young woman with me. I don't know what you are like at school or with your friends. I just know that I care about you. You have impressed me with your thirst for knowledge and your inquisitiveness. I really care about what happens to you."

Dana threw her arms around John and hugged him tightly. "Thank you, Mr. T. I know that our age is a problem and that I have to eventually move on with my life, but I love being with you. Even though we are role-playing and we "fuck", I can tell that you care about me. I just wanted to hear it."

"Well, you just did."

"Thank you. Even if we never do this again after I go to college, I'll always have this. You were my first lover and I won't forget it."

John kissed her on the mouth. "Thank you." Then he looked down at Dana's tits. "Now if you don't put those things away, I'm going to have to attack you."

Dana leaned back against the arm of the couch and opened her legs. She grinned as her delectable tits bounced and she displayed her soaking wet pussy to him. "And that would be a problem why?" She ran her hand through her slit, brought it up to her mouth, and suggestively licked her fingers.

John shook his head. "What a slut!"

"That's what you like about me."

"I liked you for who you were before we started this. The fact that you are a slut is just the side of you I'm enjoying right now."

Dana just pouted and rubbed her pussy. "I need some attention."

John looked over at one of the easy chairs in the living room and got an interesting idea. He looked down at his cock, which was barely showing signs of life. "First, my swelling has gone down and my dirty, little French maid needs to correct that."

Dana immediately got up and knelt between John's legs. "Mais oui, monsieur." She then bent over and starting lavishing attention on his cock. She licked all around it and sucked it some. "It tastes different, monsieur."

"That is the lovely taste of French pussy on an American cock."

"Yum. It is delicious, monsieur."

John watched as Dana did exactly what they had initially discussed and that she never forgot. She licked and sucked his cock, paying attention to his balls and everything else in the area, while keeping her eyes mostly up on his. He had told her about that and she had not forgotten.

"I love the way you look up at me with those big, gorgeous eyes while you lick and suck my cock."

Dana just grinned and bobbed on his now fully hard cock.

John was ready for the next step so he reached down and pulled her off his cock. He grinned and pointed toward the chair. "I think I see something under that chair. Go over there and get down and check to see what's under that chair." Dana looked up at him a little confused. She looked over at the chair. John patted her on the shoulder. "Just get down on your knees and put your head on the floor to look under that chair. Let's see what happens."

Dana grinned, finally understanding what John was saying. She got on all fours and crawled to the chair. She did so slowly, swinging her hips, her ass and pussy fully on display. John got harder, if that was possible.

When Dana reached the chair she looked under it briefly, arching her back and jutting out her ass. John was mesmerized. She was so fucking good at these games. John stood and approached her.

"Under this chair?" Dana looked up at him and then stared at his cock as she licked her lips.

"Yes, that one. You have to get way under there to see anything."

Dana bent over, turned her head to the side, and put her head slightly under the chair. There was plenty of clearance, but she arched her back and spread her legs, putting all of her tight, wet, teenage pussy on display.

John knelt just behind her and put his hand on her lower back. "Can you see anything?"

"Not yet, monsieur." Dana wiggled her hips.

John shuffled forward and placed his cock at the entrance to her pussy. "How about now?"

"Not yet, monsieur. Perhaps you can give me a little push."

John slowly pushed his cock into her pussy. She was tight, wet, and hot. He let out a sigh as he got his cock buried in her. It felt so good to have his cock buried in her. He just left it there and asked, "And now?"

"Not yet, monsieur. Perhaps if you push a little harder."

John smiled. What a fantastic sex partner. She was going to hit any of the college boys she decided to enjoy with shock and awe. So he started slowly fucking her with long slow strokes. He put his hands on the sides of her ass, fully enjoying the nice full ass as he watched his cock slide into her and come back out soaking wet. John felt he could spend the rest of his life having sex and never enjoy anything as much as this with anyone as enjoyable as Dana. She was so interested in trying and learning about everything it was refreshing. 

Dana spoke from under the chair. "Now I see what you mean, monsieur. I see that you are going to relieve your swelling into my pretty French pussy."

"Yes, I am." John kept fucking her, letting his hips slap up against her ass. He put a finger on her asshole and started rubbing. Dana started moaning. He slowly worked it around until a little went into her ass. She groaned and pushed back against him, obviously enjoying it. He pulled it out and moved it down to get more moisture off his cock as it pulled out of Dana's pussy and then rubbed it around her ass. He was able to push about half his finger into her. Dana bucked and groaned.

"Fuck me hard, Mr. T., I'm close to cumming."
