 I woke up around midnight and realized that I'd drifted off to sleep while Bill was in the shower. He'd written me a note before he left. 

It read, "Genevieve, I didn't wake you before I left. You looked so peaceful lying here sleeping after I showered. Thank you for an incredible evening baby. I'll cherish the memory of tonight forever. Hoping we can share many more evenings just like tonight. Love Bill." 

I folded the note and put it on my nightstand. Before he left Bill had blown out the candles around my bedroom. The only light was coming from a small electric window candle across my room. I snuggled under the covers and drifted off to sleep again with the thoughts of a truly incredible evening with my new lover. 

Wednesday is a short day for me. My first class isn't till one in the afternoon so I slept in until almost ten. It was still cloudy outside making it easier to stay in bed all warm and snuggly under my covers. I lay there thinking about the last four days and the five men I'd been intimate with. Reviewing in my mind what special qualities I'd discovered with each one.

Billy the waiter from the Manhattan deli was just an icebreaker. A quick fuck that satisfied a long burning desire to just have a cock inside me again. Kevin showed me that the transformed Genevieve could seduce a man and more importantly that I could deep throat even the biggest cock. Dick gave me a whole new understanding of what pleasures a man can bestow on his lover using his oral talents. The young one of the bunch, Steve proved that even at my age I could seduce a young stud, talk him into a totally aroused state and without even touching him have his cum shooting two feet above the tip of his cock. Then there is Bill, my married discreet lover. Perhaps the most incredible sex partner of the lot. His inexperience in giving head didn't detract from the awesome orgasms we'd shared. His staying power matched only by the amount and taste of his sweet nectar. 

The anticipation of fucking Dick or Bill again excited me but the thought of Marsha and her lover Pete having me at the same time made me wish I'd gotten her number. I decided that if Marsha didn't call me before Friday night I'd stop by her shop over the weekend to let her know how interested I really was. 

I finally got out of bed around half past ten. The clouds were beginning to break and slivers of sunshine were beaming down drying the wet streets. I stripped the bed and started a load of laundry while the water for my morning tea heated. After making my tea I returned to my bedroom and made up the bed with fresh bedding. I love the scent of fresh bedding. I thought it would be nice to be able to turn down my bed to reveal satin sheets sometime soon instead of the same old white cotton sheets I'm used to. I added satin bedding to my sensual shopping list. Once the washer had finished I retreated to my bathroom to shower and get ready for class. Part of the high maintenance of having waist length hair was regular treatments with massive amounts of conditioner. Entering the steamy shower with a bottle of my favorite hair treatment in one hand and my hairbrush in the other I let the hot water cascade over my body. On the days I treated my hair I would shampoo it first, apply the conditioner and let my long tresses soak while I bathed the rest of my body. I giggled when I realized that I'd have to add time every week or so to keep my trimmed landing strip of pussy hair under control. Being a sensually transformed woman did have its minor drawbacks. 

While my hair soaked with conditioner I applied strawberry shower gel over the rest of my body my delicate hands covering every inch of soft skin. Of course my nipples reacted to the touch of my own hands becoming hard while I massaged the gel into my breasts. Before my transformation I'd often masturbated during my showers using my middle finger to massage my pussy until I came. Today I was feeling even more sensual and began rubbing the handle of my brush across my sensitive clit. My free hand slid down to spread the fleshy sleeve of skin covering it allowing direct contact with the brush handle. I can only assume that because of the increased amount of sexual activity over the past few days my clit was becoming even more sensitive to any touch, but the tingling deep inside my loins began almost immediately. I leaned back against the tile wall and placed one foot on the edge of the tub. Hot water cascaded onto my breasts and ran down over my abdomen. I slipped the brush handle between my lips and inside sliding my free hand up to squeeze my tits and pinch the hard nipples. 

Closing my eyes I imagined one of my lovers being in the shower with me. The hard brush handle paled in comparison to the searing heat of a man's pulsating cock. It lacked the girth of a completely erect cock. It wouldn't fill my pussy with sweet sticky cum. Nonetheless I plunged that handle deep inside my pussy and brought myself to a quick frenzied satisfying climax. 

I rinsed the conditioner from my hair and used the hairbrush as it was intended on my long tresses. I wrapped one towel around my hair and one around my body. Grabbing my teacup I headed to my bedroom to pick out what I'd wear today. 

Before my transformation my normal routine was to put on white cotton panties and bra and then pick out what I'd cover them with. That process changed in that I now picked out what I'd wear and then decide what lingerie would best accentuate my body. I laughed to myself thinking even the smallest things change when you've been transformed. 

I chose a pair of slinky black slacks and a deep maroon long sleeved sweater. This sweater fit my body like a glove unlike my old collection of sweaters that fit more like a burlap sack. It has a plunging vee neckline that I drew attention to by wearing a gold heart shaped pendant on a very thin gold chain. I selected a black satin thong, thigh highs, and three inch heels along with a black plunge bra that held me firmly in place but didn't squeeze my breasts together. I let my hair long and straight down my back. The sweater not only fit my body snuggly but also allowed easy viewing of the succulent open cleavage between my tits. Any normal red blooded male would look at that view and instantly imaging his cock resting in the space between my creamy orbs. A light jacket for the walk across campus completed my outfit for the day. 

I grabbed my brief case, slipped my cell inside and headed for the English Lit department. It was early and I'd have time to finish some papers before my one o'clock class. Just as I stepped off my porch my cell phone rang. The caller ID was a number I didn't recognize. Perhaps it was Marsha calling to set up a meeting with me and her lover Pete, maybe it was Kevin calling from New York to invite me to come stay the weekend with him. I pressed the accept button and put it to my ear. 

"Hello, Genevieve speaking." I answered. 

"Gen, how are you?" The caller asked. 

"I'm wonderful, who is calling please?" I asked not yet recognizing the voice on the other end. 

"It's Dick Genevieve. I thought I'd give you a call since we haven't talked in a couple days." He responded. 

"Oh Hi Dick, how is it?" I asked comically.

Dick didn't get it and asked, "How's what Gen?" 

I of course quickly answered, "Your dick, Dick?" Pausing briefly between the noun and the proper noun. 

He giggled and said, "You tell me babe." Turning the comical tables on me. 

"As I recall it was wonderful Dick, but that was a couple days ago. I'm certain it's in need of some attention by now." I whispered suggestively. 

"That's why I called you Gen I was thinking you and I could get together tonight." He said. 

"What did you have in mind Dick?" I asked. 

"How about drinks at the East Street Café after work then we could maybe go to my place?" He asked tentatively. 

"I'd like that Dick, how about six at the East Street?" I suggested. 

He replied, "Great Gen if I don't see you around the department this afternoon I'll see you at the café then." "I look forward to it Dick. Good-bye for now baby." I said ending the call. 

My phone conversation with him lasted the entire time I was walking to the English Lit department. I closed my office door filled with anticipation of what the evening at his place might hold. My two classes that day were rather uneventful both being freshman students who were only beginning to understand the finer parts of Olde English Lit. The second class ended at four forty five. I normally would have been back to my flat by five but since the East Street is the opposite direction I stayed in my office and got some papers graded. 

Since I knew full well what Dick was planning once we got to his place I decided to have a little fun with him while we were at the East Street. Before I left to meet him I removed my sweater and took off the plunge bra I'd worn. Slipping the snug dark colored sweater back over my body I took a look at my appearance in the mirror. My nipples showed quite nicely. They weren't hard, but still the tiny bumps would let me tease and tantalize Dick while we were sharing drinks and light conversation. I slipped on my jacket and slid my cell into one pocket. I could leave my brief case at work since I had a class first thing Thursday, and doubted that I'd have any time to grade papers tonight. 

As I walked down East Street I let my jacket open allowing the cool late afternoon air take its effect on my nipples my long flowing hair trailing behind me. I could feel my nipples begin to harden and press seductively against the soft material of my sweater. 

I arrived at the café ten minutes early. More than one head turned in my direction as I strolled the length of the bar to take a seat around the corner two stools from the waitress station. I kept my jacket on but let it open naturally in the front. 

"Hi I'm Jim." The handsome young bartender said as he approached. "What can I get for you miss?" he asked. 

"Nice to meet you Jim, I'm Gen." I replied.

Jim smiled widely at me when he noticed my vee neckline and let his eyes move down into the cleavage it revealed. 

"I'll have a white zinfandel please." I said breaking his concentration of my tits. 

"Very good Gen." He said confirming he could stare and listen at the same time. 

From my seat around the corner I could look down the length of the bar to watch the other patrons. I was amazed at how many of the men had turned slightly toward me so they could look in my direction without being so obvious. I never drew that kind of attention before my transformation, hell I'd have never taken a seat at a bar by myself before my transformation. But since my change I was enjoying the attention men gave to me and didn't miss an opportunity to make eye contact with any man who looked my way. Jim returned with my wine placing the glass on a napkin in front of me. His hands came to rest on the inside edge of the bar. I leaned against the back of my stool and let my jacket fall open giving him ample opportunity to gaze at the tiny erect nipples piercing at the fabric of my sweater. 

He smiled in appreciation and asked, "Can I get you anything else Gen?" 

"Not at the moment Jim." I replied returning his warm smile. 

He turned and reluctantly directed his attention to the other patrons. 

A moment later I saw Dick come through the front door. He paused scanning the place to try and locate me. Once he spotted me I smiled widely as he walked the length of the bar. He was wearing a short brown leather jacket brown slacks and a white shirt and necktie. He looked rather handsome and I accepted his warm hug just before he slid onto the stool next to me. 

I wasn't sure but I thought I heard a collective sigh of disappointment from the other single men along the bar. 

Jim approached us and Dick didn't hesitate ordering a lager. Once Jim returned with his drink and I was sure I'd have his undivided attention I began flirting with my companion. "It's kind of warm in here, would you help me with my jacket please." I said as I tried to slip it off my shoulders. Dick helped me remove my jacket and carefully hung it over the seat back of my stool. His hand slid across my back confirming that I was braless and his eyes had not lied to him when they noticed the erect nubs of my nipples pressing into the soft fabric of my sweater. I turned slightly toward him and leaned forward allowing him a perfect view down the front of my sweater and between my soft tits. 

"See anything you like?" I whispered. 

He grinned knowing I wanted him to look before he said, "I sure do Gen." 

I crossed my legs and turned up the heat a little rubbing the top of my shoe along the back of his calf. From where we were seated none of the other patrons would be able to see my contact with him and I smiled as he took a healthy gulp from the frosted beer mug containing his lager. 

"Hmmmmmm, that hits the spot." He said. 

I took a sip of my wine and let my hand slide below the bar to rest on my knee. 

"I really like this place Dick. It's got a warm atmosphere." I said as I slid my hand across the few inches to his thigh.

"I agree it is a little warm in here." He said slipping his jacket off and hanging it over his bar stool. 

I leaned closer to him and let my hand slip between his thighs rubbing it against his cock for only a moment before I withdrew and raised my hand back above the bar. 

He grinned at me and said, "That hit the spot too babe." Referring to my quick massage of his manhood. 

I turned my head and whispered softly in his ear, "What about my spot baby?" 

His whispered reply was, "Not to worry babe, I'll be hitting that spot a little later." 

"I'm counting on it Dick." I said. 

His eyes stared intently at me. It was as if he was studying ever pore individually, as if he could see behind my sparkling green eyes and look directly into my mind. I wondered if he could see the passionate sensuality growing there. I wondered if the wanton lust I had for his cock showed. If the craving for the taste of his warm cream was evident behind my green pools of passion. 

I was first to break eye contact turning to take another sip from my zinfandel. He turned and finished his lager. I was somewhat disappointed when he accepted Jim's offer of another lager, wanting instead to get him alone where I could act upon my cravings for him and his beautiful cock. 

He asked, "Are you hungry Genevieve?" 

I replied softly, "Yes but not for anything on the menu here." 

Dick smiled and leaned very close to my ear. His voice nearly inaudible said, "Genevieve I can't get over how forward you are. Relax baby, we have all evening." 

I realized that I'd made him uncomfortable. My constant flirting, my constant sexual undertones had made him uncomfortable. 

I said, "I apologize Dick. I...." his finger touched my lips cutting me off in mid sentence. 

"No need to apologize Gen. I guess we all deal with anticipation in our own way." He offered. 

I touched his arm and asked, "Will you teach me your way Dick, please." 

"I'd be happy to Genevieve." He replied. 

I turned back toward the bar and lifted my wine to my lips. Perhaps Dick would show me how to control my lust, how to let the anticipation of making love with a man heighten the sexual pleasures of that ultimate act. He had shown me earlier in the week when we pleasured each other orally in my office that a slow steady approach to sexual intimacy was something I'd want to explore. 

"I'll be your willing student." I said. 

Dick took one final huge gulp from his mug and said, "Then let's start the learning baby." 

He slid from his stool and quickly slipped into his jacket. Removing mine from the back of my stool he helped me with it and even pulled my hair gently from under the collar. "Better button it up Gen, it may be cool out side." He offered. 

Dick paid Jim for our drinks. I smiled widely at our handsome bartender hopping he'd remember that smile the next time I came in his establishment. 

Dick's car was parked a block and a half up East Street. As we walked he slipped his arm around my waist. I snuggled into his side letting him protect me from the cool evening breeze. It felt good being close to him. I smiled to myself recalling that less than a week earlier I thought I didn't care if I saw him or not when he told me he would be looking forward to seeing me after my weekend in Manhattan. How wrong I'd been about him. The anticipation of being alone with him now excited me. I wanted to understand how to control my lust, my cravings for a man's cock, and somehow I felt Dick would turn out to be the perfect professor. 

It took twenty five minutes to drive from East Street across town to a suburban family development where Dick lived. As we turned into the driveway I noticed the Real Estate For Sale sign planted in the front yard. He pushed the remote button above his sun visor and one of the twin garage doors glided up. Dick slowly pulled into the garage along side what looked like a rusting old heap of a car. 

"What's that?" I asked pointing toward the heap.

"That my dear is a 1963 Chevy Impala SS." He said proudly. "I'm restoring it." Dick added. 

As I stepped out of his everyday car I noticed a large poster mounted on the wall in front of his Chevy. It was the same car, beautifully painted in bright red with red and white interior. 

"Is that what it'll look like Dick?" I asked. 

I hope so Genevieve if I ever get it finished. I've been at it for almost six years." He said. 

"Dick your car was made 8 years before I was born." I said smiling at him. "When it's finished I want a ride baby." 

He smiled and said, "We'll cruise together babe." 

Dick's home lacked the furnishings its size suggested. The kitchen had a small dinette table and four chairs. The living room was completely empty as was the formal dinning room. His family room looked fairly normal with the exception that the only thing decorating the walls were the small nails on which photos had hung before. 

He offered his apology for the spartan appearance saying, "She's forced me to sell off everything. The only thing left unsold is the house. 

"I imagine you can't wait to get out of here Dick." I said. 

"For sure baby as soon as I get any decent offer on this place it's sold." Dick said. 

He leaned against the kitchen counter and said, "To many bad memories in this house." 

I slipped my jacket off and lay it over one of the kitchen chairs. I walked around the table and pressed myself against him. His hands came to rest on my hips. I looked deep into his eyes and said, "Baby let's see if we can give you a few good memories to take with you from this house." 

Dick slowly moved his lips toward mine. His hands slid from my hips to circle my waist and pull me even tighter against him. Our lips touched his grasping my lower lip as he let his hands softly run up and down my back. I moaned as his tongue penetrated my lips searching my own tongue out. 

"Hmmmmm.. I love how you kiss me Dick." I whispered. 

His soft caresses along my back and up into my hair sent chills of excitement along my spine. Dick lowered his hands to my ass and pulled my loins tight against his trapping his growing erection between us. I ground my hips into him massaging his cock between us. 

"You feel so good Gen." He said. 

"Your body reacts so perfectly to my touch." He whispered. 

I moved one delicate hand between us and ran my fingers along the length of his cock, letting my fingernails linger on the head. I wanted it exposed, I wanted his cock naked in my hand so I could pleasure him with my delicate fingers. 

Our lips met again in a passionate embrace, tongues touching, circling one another. Without breaking our kiss he reached down and swooped me up into his arms. Turning he slowly walked from the kitchen into the family room. 
