 It was still early in the evening and I was quite hungry. I decided to get dressed and go out for dinner. I slipped on the black lace thong and bra along with a pair of matching silk thigh highs. Wanting to show off my legs I chose the slinky dress and stiletto heels that Sara had sold me earlier. As the dress slid down over my body I studied my look in the full length mirror. The dress was a light grey color and shorter than anything I'd ever worn before. It barely covered the top hems of my stockings. I was sure when I sat they would be exposed if not some of the creamy flesh above. 

I decided that if I was going to dress like a slut I might as well go the whole way. I took the dress off and removed the bra. The material slid over my nipples and they reacted by becoming erect. Pulling two strands of hair to the front of my shoulders I was able to cover the tiny nubs in the front of the dress. I applied a light green eye shadow and red lip gloss. The combination made my eyes sparkle and I looked very sexy as I viewed my image in the mirror. 

I was anxious to see the reaction of the men I'd surely come in contact with, so I grabbed my small handbag and headed for the elevator. 

As the elevator doors guided open and I stepped into the hotel lobby an elderly couple was walking toward me. Their reaction to my appearance told me that I and accomplished exactly what I wanted while dressing to go out. The woman looked at me like I was a high priced call girl, while her husband looked at me like he'd be willing to pay any price to fuck me. I smiled at them both as I walked past and headed for the street. 

The friendly doorman smiled widely as I approached. 

"Evening Miss, will you need a cab tonight?" He questioned.

I grinned at him and answered, "No thank you. It's a beautiful evening I think I'll walk." 

"Well be careful Miss, we wouldn't want you meeting up with any of our strange characters out there tonight." He offered as advice. 

I smiled and said, "Only if I get lucky!" 

As I strolled down the street the light breeze blew the strands of hair back over my shoulders exposing my erect nipples to anyone who wanted to look. I stepped with a slight bounce which caused my tits to bounce as I walked. 

I wanted to be noticed. I wanted men to look at me like I was a sexual toy, a slinky long haired sexual slut. The feeling excited me as, did the looks I was getting as I made my way down the street. I thought to myself, Gen you'd make one hell of a high priced call girl. Men might be willing to pay quite a lot for a night of sex with you. I decided to try a little experiment and see just how much they would offer. 

Finding a restaurant with a lounge I walked inside and slid onto a bar stool. I crossed my legs and pulled the hem of my dress down so that only a sliver of dark silk at the top of my stockings was exposed. 

The place was not very full, only a few couples were seated at the bar waiting for their tables to open in the dining room. The bartender was a woman about my age I'd guess. She was shapely with full breasts hips that flared and short blonde hair. Her black slacks fit snuggly over her ass. The white silk blouse she wore under a tight fitting vest was open revealing very succulent cleavage. Her blue eyes were set off nicely by her short blonde hair style. She obviously dressed to maximize her tips as a bartender. 

"What'll you have?" She asked as she walked toward me. 

"White wine please." I replied. 

As she brought me my wine she asked, "Will you be dining tonight Miss?" 

"Perhaps in a little while." I said wanting to keep my options open. 

I took a sip of wine and looked around the lounge. All the men were with women. I wondered if I'd picked the wrong lounge to try my experiment in. Just as I was about to give up a handsome fifty-something man entered the lounge. He his salt and pepper hair was very stylish and he wore an expensive looking suit white shirt and a colorful neck tie. He slid into a stool to my right at the corner of the bar. From where he was sitting he'd be able to look along the bar and see my legs perfectly. 

The bartender approached him and said, "You're usual Kevin?" 

Kevin replied, "Yes please Lauren." 

I made a mental note of their names and watched Lauren mix Kevin's drink. I've never been much of a drinker, but even with my limited knowledge of mixology I could tell Kevin liked his cocktails strong since I didn't see Lauren add any non-alcoholic mixer to his glass. 

She smiled as she approached him with his cocktail. I could see him whispering something to her and she acknowledged his remark by grinning and shaking her head in a positive motion. 

Lauren turned from Kevin and walked to where I was seated. 

"The gentleman would like to buy you a drink Miss." She said. 

I smiled and said, "That would be wonderful, thank you Lauren." 

Rather then just turning my head toward him, I turned my hips and let him have a good look at my long silk covered legs as I said, "Thank you very much." Smiling seductively as I spoke. 

Kevin returned my smile with one of his own. His face lit up when he smiled. I was intrigued by how handsome he looked and more than a little attracted to his good looks. As Lauren placed my drink in front of me I lifted the glass to toast the sexy man who'd bought it for me. 

"Join me?" I suggested. 

He wasted no time changing from the stool at the end of the bar to the one right next to me. As he slid between me and the stool his hand brushed against my knee, and as he sat down his leg slid along my shin, sending a shiver of excitement up my spine. 

He smiled and extended his hand, "I'm Kevin nice to meet you." He said. 

"Wonderful to meet you Kevin, I'm Genevieve." I replied. 

"What a beautiful name for such a beautiful lady." Kevin said. 

Smiling at him I placed my hand on his leg and said, "Thank you kind sir." 

His thigh felt very muscular and I let my hand linger there for a moment enjoying his reaction to my caress. 

Kevin looked down at my hand resting on his thigh, or perhaps he was looking down at the silk covered thigh that was seductively exposed below the short hem line of my dress. In either case what he saw brought a smile to his lips. 

"I've not seen you here before." He said. 

"I've never been here before." I responded. 

"So what brings you to my little watering hole Genevieve?" Kevin asked. 

"This is your place Kevin?" I asked. 

He laughed and said, "No but I have spent enough cash here to own it." 

I smiled and asked him, "So what line of work are you in?" 

"I'm an investment counselor." Kevin responded. "How about you Genevieve, besides looking incredible what do you do?" 

"Thank you for the kind compliment Kevin." I said avoiding his question about my line of work. I wanted him to think I was a high price call girl so I questioned him in a way that would lead our conversation that way. 

"So do you charge by the hour like an attorney for your services Kevin?" I asked. 

Kevin smiled and said, "No I work strictly on commission." 

I grinned at him as he asked, "Do you charge by the hour Genevieve?" 

I again slid my hand to his thigh and this time gave him a gentle squeeze before I said, "Oh no an hour is never long enough." 

Kevin turned more toward me and leaned close to my ear. 

"So Genevieve if I wanted to use your services until tomorrow morning, what would it cost me?" He whispered. 

Playing along with him I said, "How much would you be willing to give me Kevin?" 

Kevin leaned back against the back of his stool and said, "Are you a cop Genevieve?" 

I laughed out loud and replied, "Of course not Kevin! And I'm not what you think I am either!" 

He got a very puzzled look on his face before he said, "You're not a hooker?" 

I laughed again and said, "No I'm a doctor of English Literature." 

He blushed noticeably and said, "Oh my god Genevieve, I'm so sorry!" 

I had accomplished exactly what I wanted. Kevin had taken me for a high priced whore. Now it was time to move in for the kill. 

"Kevin, I wanted you to think I was a whore." I said. 

He looked even more puzzled and said, "Why would you want me to think that?" 

I leaned close to his ear and whispered, "I wanted you to think that because later tonight I want you to use me like I'm your whore." 

His puzzled expression turned instantly to one of pure lust. It was if his ears were lying to his brain. I'd just told him I wanted to be treated like his whore and I was sure his mind was racing with images of what the night held for him. 

I lifted my leg and ran my stiletto along his leg. As he glanced down the hem of my dress slid up exposing not only the lacy top of my silk stocking but also a few inches of creamy white skin. He smiled and placed his hand on my thigh. Moving it slowly up toward the exposed flesh until his fingertips touched my skin. A shiver of excitement ran up my spine and my nipples hardened noticeably. Kevin lifted his hand and moved it up allowing the back to barely brush against my erect nipple through the material of my dress. His hand lifted my hair and slid it behind my shoulder and then circled behind my neck. He pulled my head toward his face. Tilting his head our lips touched and another chill raced through my body. His tongue parted my lips and searched for my tongue. His kiss was sensual, firm and very passionate. I knew in an instant he was going to be an incredible lover. 

Kevin broke our kiss to say, "I haven't eaten yet Genevieve, will you do me the honor of joining me for dinner?" 

I smiled at him and replied, "It would be my pleasure Sir." 

He smiled then turned to Lauren saying, "We'll be dining together Lauren." 

Lauren replied, "Very good Mr. Cabot, I let the waitress know you're ready for your table." 

Kevin reached in his breast pocket and withdrew a money clip. There were too many hundred-dollar bills showing to count as he thumbed through the bills stopping at the first fifty-dollar bill. He pulled it from the stack and laid it on the bar. 

"That's you Lauren." He said. 

Obviously being an investment advisor was quite lucrative. He could have easily paid any amount I'd asked for it I had choose to continue with my charade as a high priced hooker. 

Kevin stood and slid his bar stool back a few inches as he offered me his strong hand. I gladly accepted it and made sure as I slid off my stool I exposed even more creamy thigh flesh to his view. Releasing my hand he slid his behind me and let it come to rest in the small of my back. 

As he escorted me toward a small doorway to the dinning room, he said, "This way Genevieve." 

His hand was resting on the small triangle of material of my thong at the top of my butt and he smiled as he realized what he was feeling. 

As we entered the dinning room the waitress said, "Good Evening Mr. Cabot, your usual table tonight?" 

Kevin replied, "Yes that will be fine Sarah." 

He seemed to be on a first name basis with everyone in the place, and apparently commanded their first class attention. I assumed part of their attention was due Kevin's generous tips. 

We were shown to a small table off in one corner of the room. He helped me with my seat letting his hand linger on my back as I sat down. 

I was quickly becoming comfortable with his touch and could hardly wait for his touch to become more intimate. 

Kevin sat directly to my left rather than across the table from me. I was glad he did because we would be able to touch each other more freely. 

He must have been intrigued by my early comment about him using me like his whore. Our conversation returned to that topic almost immediately. 

"Genevieve, can I ask you a question?" He said. 

I turned slightly toward him and said, "Sure Kevin ask me anything." 

"Why is it that a doctor of English Literature would tell a man she'd just met that she wanted him to use her like a whore?" He asked. 

I grinned and replied, "Teaching English Lit is sometimes very boring Kevin." I come to New York often but this trip I made a conscious decision to spice my weekend up somewhat." 

"I understand Genevieve." He said. 

"Kevin, you can call me Gen if you'd like." I said. 

"Actually I love the sound of Genevieve it adds a certain flare to the role of being a high priced whore don't you agree?" He asked. 

"I suppose it does." I replied. 

He slid his hand over mine and looked directly into my eyes. 

"Do you have any idea just how an expensive hooker is supposed to act?" He asked. 

"Not really." I responded. "But I hope you will teach me Kevin." 

He grinned at me before he said, "I'll do my best Genevieve, let's start your training right now." 

He lifted my hand and moved it under the tablecloth placing it palm down on his thigh. 

"Stoke my leg Genevieve." He said. 

I slowly began massaging his thigh with my delicate fingers each time I moved my hand up I ventured a little higher. 

"That feels very nice Genevieve." He said. "Now go higher." 

"Here in public?" I asked.

"A whore could care less if someone saw her stroking her johns cock babe. This is Manhattan remember." He said. 

I figured the tablecloth would hide my hand, but do little to hide the fact that my arm was under the table. But I followed Kevin's instructions and moved my hand between his legs. 

My fingers found the growing bulge under his slacks near the base of his cock. I slowly moved them up along its length. It felt huge, longer than any I'd ever touched before. As I reached the top it curved over his leg resting in the crease between his thigh and abdomen. 

"God Kevin how long is it!" I asked. 

He grinned at me and offered, "Eleven inches when completely hard baby, and it curves like a banana." 

"Oh my." I said startled at his estimate of its size. 

"An experienced whore would be able to take every inch in any hole too." He added. 

I looked at him with a wide-eyed expression as I asked, "Any hole?" 

"Of course if a john is paying the kind of money you expect he should be able to fuck you in any way he wants." He said. 

I wondered if I had gotten myself in too deep with him, but I wasn't about to back out now. 

He moaned softly as my hand stroked up and down on his hard erection. 

"Lets eat light Genevieve, I can hardly wait for you to stroke me skin to skin." He said. 

Kevin removed my hand just as our waitress approached to take our order. 

"Two house salads and an small antipasti." Kevin said ordering for us both. 

As she walked away Kevin returned to our erotic conversation. 

"Do you think you can take it all in your mouth Genevieve?" He asked. 

"I'm not sure Kevin, but I'll try my best." I replied. 

"Good." He answered. "I love when my whores deep throat my cock." 

Oh Christ I thought. I was in too deep. I knew that I'd never get eleven inches in my mouth without having it part way down my throat. I'd never done that before. And I could almost feel the pain of having an eleven-inch cock stuffed in my ass already. Another sex act I'd never done before. 

"You will take it slow with me right Kevin?" I pleaded. 

"Why Genevieve, you're an experienced whore aren't you?" He teased. "Or was that just an act?" 

I smiled at him hopping he was kidding, but fearful that he was going to hold me to my challenge to use me like a whore. I assumed time would tell. 

Our meal arrived and Kevin dug in like a man possessed. His salad was gone and he ate his fill of antipasti in less than ten minutes. 

"Come on Genevieve eat up times a wasting!" He exclaimed. 

I decided why put off the inevitable and said, "I'm finished baby." 

He smiled and said, "Saving room for dessert?" 

"Oh we're having dessert?" I said naively 

"You're having my cock for dessert Genevieve." He said laughing. 

I could feel my cheeks blush as I realized just how naïve my statement about dessert was. 

Kevin motioned for the waitress and as she approached he again took out his money clip and slipped her a hundred dollar bill. 

"Thanks Sarah, we're not to hungry tonight." He offered.

"Thank you very much Mr. Cabot." She replied. 

Kevin stood and offered me his hand once again. His erection was still clearly visible in the front of his slacks. 

In a moment we were on the sidewalk. He looked me over and said, "You look like one hell of a fuck Genevieve. I hope you're as good as you look." 

Wanting to keep in character I responded, "I'm worth ever penny baby." 

"Do you have a hotel room? Or would you like to go to my place?" He asked. 

I wasn't sure I wanted to trust him to take me to his place so I said, "We'll go to my hotel baby." 

"Good, I'll drive." Kevin offered. "My car is just around the corner." 

We walked the short distance to his car which of course was an "S" class black Mercedes Benz. 

Kevin opened the door and watched me as I slid into the black leather seat. I gave him a very good look at my legs letting my dress slide up exposing not only my creamy thighs above my stockings but the tri-angle of black lace that covered my pussy. 

He smiled his approval at my exhibitionist flare. As he walked around to the driver door I crossed my legs and pulled the hem of my dress up so that my stockings were completely exposed. I wanted to act like the whore I'd tried to pass myself off as earlier. 

As Kevin started the car he looked at me and asked, "Do you let your tricks eat you pussy Genevieve?" 

"Of course I do Kevin, and you can lick my ass if you'd like." I said finding it easier to talk like a whore, as we got deeper into our charade. 

I was becoming more and more excited about what I supposed would happen once he had me alone in my room. My nipples were taut and my pussy moist. My body tingled with anticipation of the experience I was about have. 

The Manhattan nightlife was in full swing as we drove back to my hotel. Flashing lights and countless people were on the streets. Everywhere I looked people were trying to make a buck, or spend their leisure cash. I wondered how many high priced whores were already pleasing their johns, and if I'd be able to please Kevin the way they pleased their tricks. 

His Benz guided to a stop in front of my hotel and the night doorman rushed to open my door. As he approached I pulled the hem of my dress down covering my thighs. After all Kevin was my trick and I saw no reason to let this other male get the kind of peek that I'd given Kevin. 

Kevin joined me on the sidewalk and handed the doorman a twenty as he said, "Have valet take good care of my Benz please." 

His arm slipped around my waist as he escorted me toward the entry door. We strolled through the lobby and entered the elevator. I pressed the floor button and as the doors slowly closed Kevin pulled me tight against his body. His erect cock pressed against my hips as his hands slid up my back and into my hair. He took two handfuls of hair and pulled my head back leaning in to kiss me. I turned my head to the side and offered him my neck instead. His lips touched the soft skin just below my ear and sent a shiver through my body. One hand released its grip on my hair and slid around to caress my breast. The nipple tingled under his touch. I placed my hand over his and encouraged him to squeeze it harder. I wanted this man, I wanted him to use me like a whore. 

The elevator came to a stop and the door glided open to an empty hall. We quickly made our way to my room and I handed Kevin the key card. As the door clicked closed behind us Kevin reached up and turned the dead bolt. My entire body tingled with anticipation. My mind raced with thoughts of what we both knew was about to happen. 

Kevin took several steps into the room and turned to face me as I leaned against the locked door. 
