 I awoke in a room still filled with darkness, alone in my bed. Glancing at my alarm clock it was 5:18 AM. An incredible feeling of fear instantly came over me when I realized my lover was no longer beside me. God what a fucking fool I was, I'd given myself to him completely less than 5 hours before. I'd reveled in the incredible sex we'd shared. I'd promised to be his mistress his concubine his secret discreet lover. He'd answered all my promises by quietly slipping from my bed to let me awake alone and feeling terribly used. Tears of pain welled up in my eyes. I buried my face in the pillow and began sobbing uncontrollably. My sobbing masked the sound of the bathroom door closing and I hardly noticed when he sat down on the edge of my bed. 

His hand touched my shoulder causing me to jump. I instantly lifted my face from the pillow tears streaming down my face. 

"Oh god Bill, I thought you'd left." I sobbed. 

"I just had to use the bathroom baby. I'm here Genevieve." He said trying to comfort me. 

"I was so scared babe." I said now feeling rather silly. 

As Bill slid back under the comforter and gathered me up in his arms he said, "Genevieve did you really believe after the incredible lovemaking we shared that I'd slip out of bed and secretly sneak from your flat?" 

"No Bill, it's just that when I woke and you weren't here beside me I got scared." I replied. 

"I should have left the bathroom door ajar." He said. 

"It's okay baby, I'm fine now let's go back to sleep." I said. 

I cuddled in even closer to Bill and relaxed knowing that the next time I opened my eyes he would be right there beside me, warming my heart and soul just as his sexy body warmed my flesh now. 

A tiny sliver of sunshine shown through a crack in my bedroom drapes when I opened my eyes again. My lover was there beside me still sleeping comfortably. I thought about moving my hand to his cock and stroking him softly to not only arouse his senses but his beautiful cock too. I glanced at the alarm clock that read 8:23 AM. 

Instead of the sense of touch, I opted to arouse him with the sense of smell. I quietly slipped out of his arms and from under the warm comforter without Bill moving a muscle. Apparently my discreet lover was a very sound sleeper. 

I found my peppermint chemise at the foot of the bed and slipped into it. Sliding my lingerie draw open quietly I slipped into the matching lounging pajama pants. I opened my bedroom door and slipped out, leaving the door ajar a few inches. 

Once in the kitchen I started a morning pot of coffee, and set the table for two. I enjoyed preparing meals for company and imagined I'd have ample opportunities in the future to cook for Bill. As I was slicing some fresh pineapple I thought to myself. 

Genevieve you may have the best of both worlds here. Setting up to play house as Bills secret mistress would have the benefit of sharing what I knew would be a sensual and passionately satisfying relationship. Along with the satisfaction of having a man around to pamper when I wanted to. But I'd be able to send him home to his sexually dull wife to deal with all the day-to-day mundane facts of life. 

My career always came first in my plans for the future. I never really wanted to do the mother thing like most women, and while I would have liked to have a man around I could see myself being single forever. 

My coffee pot made those funny gurgling sounds as it finished brewing. I put the sliced pineapple with a single strawberry in the middle for garnish between the settings I'd prepared for my sleepy lover. 

I was walking toward my kitchen workspace when a voice behind me said, "Morning sexy." 

I turned to find Bill leaning against the doorway to my kitchen. He wore a huge smile and his silk boxers. 

"Have you been watching me baby?" I asked. 

Bill replied, "I enjoy watching a chef work on the presentation Gen." 

"This is hardly much of a presentation Bill." I said holding my hand toward the single slice of pineapple decorated with a ripe red strawberry.

Bill's smiled widened knowing he'd gotten me to say exactly what he wanted. 

"I wasn't talking about the food baby, I was talking about the sexy outfit the chef is wearing. He said. 

"What this old thing?" I said grinning seductively at Bill as I pulled the pant legs away from my hips. 

Bill took the couple steps across my kitchen as I turned to face the counter acting as if I was hard at work preparing our breakfast. What I was really hard at work doing was seducing him. I wanted him to fuck me with his beautiful cock. I wanted his glorious cock down my throat and deep in my pussy as soon as possible this morning. 

I felt his hot breath on my shoulder just before his hands squeezed my ass through the satin fabric of my pajama pants. I leaned back against him enjoying having his hands play with my ass. 

Bill slid his hands around and cupped my tits under the material of my chemise giving them the same playful squeeze he'd just given my ass cheeks. 

His lips came to my ear, "I woke up horny as hell Genevieve." He whispered. 

I pressed my satin covered ass back against his silk covered cock and moved slowly side to side feeling him grow between us. 

"I can tell just how horny you are baby from how quick your cock is growing." I said. 

Bill moaned deeply as my hand slipped between us and circled his growing erection. He groaned when I turned and slowly started sliding my delicate fingers along the shaft. 

"Wow, you are horny Bill." I said acknowledging just how quickly he'd gone from flaccid to rock hard solid. 

My soft hand continued moving up and down his silk sheaved cock as I slowly bent at the knees trapped between my lover and the kitchen cabinets. 

Bills eyes followed mine as I kissed his hairy chest, flicked my tongue at his nipples and belly button. His eyes followed mine as I moved down closer and closer to the waistband of his silk boxers. His eyes followed mine as I clenched that waistband with my teeth. His eyes followed mine as I slowly pushed him back stretching the waistband away from his bulging member. His eyes followed mine as his boxers slid down his thighs exposing every glorious pulsing inch of his beautiful manhood. 

Bills eyes closed in unison with my lips as I captured the throbbing head of his cock. 

My delicate fingertips teased the backs of his thighs as I moved my hands to his ass. 

"Oh god Gen." He whispered as my hands slowly pressed him forward driving his throbbing cock head toward my throat. 

The back of my head pressed against the cabinet just as his cock head pressed against the tight narrow opening to my throat. I relaxed my muscles and pulled his ass toward me impaling my throat over his throbbing cock. 

"Fuckin a woman!" He screamed as my nose nestled into his pubic hair and my lower lip against his scrotum. 

Bill grasped the front edge of the counter and slowly began to withdraw his aching hard-on from my soft wet throat. I kept my hands clenched on his ass and as soon as I was able to suck in a huge breath of life preserving oxygen I again pressed his ass forward driving his throbbing cock home again. 

"Jesus fucking Christ Gen!" He squealed as my throat expanded then contracted almost involuntarily around his glorious erection. 

I slid my hands around to his thighs and pressed him back, but instead of letting him slip from my throat I followed his cock with my mouth as he moved back giving me room to work my oral magic on his pulsing manhood. 

Bill's knuckles turned white grasping the counter for dear life as I bobbed my head back and forth rubbing his wide flaring corona over the narrowest part of my throat. 

"God damn woman, you really do love sucking cock don't you?" He squealed. 

I couldn't respond except to widen my eyes as if to smile with them as I pressed his beautiful throbbing fuck tool into the searing depth of my throat again. 

I do love sucking cock. I love the control I have over how deep I take it. I love the way it spears my throat stretching the flesh open as it slides in. I love feeling the corona of a man's cock rubbing against the narrow opening at the back of my mouth. I love the way a man's cock pulses and throbs as I fuck him with my mouth and throat. And yes I love feeling a man explode in my throat mouth or on my lips empting his cum sack into my oral fuck tunnel. 

Bill's cock is the perfect size for me, long enough to reach deep into my throat, wide enough to stretch the flesh tight, and certainly hard enough to satisfy my oral cravings. Not only is he the perfect size, but also his thick cum tastes incredible. 

He watched intently as I preformed my oral magic on his throbbing manhood. Wide eyed like a young boy seeing his first naked woman. Sucking cock arouses me intensely. My nipples become completely erect, and my pussy moistens in anticipation of being assaulted by the cock that is stretching my throat. 

Bill would have been satisfied to ejaculate his morning sperm load deep in my throat, but I wanted him to fuck my tight pussy first. I wanted his head slamming against my cervix, his corona massaging my g-spot. I wanted his girth stretching my pussies' lips wide open. I wanted to coat his glorious cock with my own sex juices before he came in my mouth. 

Moving my head back I let him slip from my oral grasp. A thick string of salvia trailed from the tip of his cock to the tip of my tongue. As I lifted his cock the string broke and fell along the bulging underside of his cock. His beautiful cock glistened from the coating of saliva I'd covered him with. The arteries pulsed with blood. The flesh along his cock shaft was pulled taut and his glorious cock head had turned that deep blood red color. My lover's cock was ready to assault the depths of my searing hot pussy. 

"Do you want my pussy Bill?" I asked. 

"Oh god yes Gen!" He moaned.

"Do you want this hot fucking pussy baby?" I asked again. 

"God please Gen, let me fuck you." He responded. 

"Where do you want to fuck me Bill?" I asked as I straightened up between the countertop and my beautiful man. 

"Here and right fucking NOW!" He replied. 

Bills strong hands turned me to face the counter. He yanked my pajama pants off my heaving ass and pushed me forward bending me at the waist over the front edge of the kitchen counter. 

"Yes Bill, fuck me NOW, take me fast and hard NOW!" I exclaimed. 

I lifted my heels off the floor as his hands moved to cup my ass cheeks and spread my loins open to his invading cock. 

In an instant the searing heat of his cock was inside me. He thrust hard into me burying his manhood completely in my soaking wet pussy. 

"Oh fuck its so hot Gen!" He screamed. 

"Yeah baby, give it to me! Fuck me good baby!" I squealed. 

I began thrusting back to meet his rock hard assault on my pussy. The head of his cock slammed again and again into my cervix. His glorious cock stretched the moist folds of fuck flesh deep inside me. 

"Yeah baby, fuck that pussy. Fuck me good Bill!" I screamed. 

Bill reached for my shoulders and pulled me straight up. His hands grasped my tits through the satin fabric of my chemise. My nipples burned through the material into his palms. His strong hands gathered the material and with one mighty yank my chemise was torn to shreds exposing my naked tits to his hands. 

The sound of tearing fabric and his course voice saying, "I have to have your tits naked Gen." Excited me incredibility. 

What remained of my peppermint green chemise hung loosely down my back a single strand of shoulder strap keeping it from falling to the floor. 

Bills hands moved to my heaving naked tits and pressed hard into them. My nipples burned into his palms, instantly tingling under his rough handling of my tits. 

"YES YES YES!" I screamed over and over. 

Bill thrust harder and harder inside my dripping wet pussy. His strong hands holding my body in place as he invaded me. 

"YES baby, use me! Fuck me good Bill!" I squealed. 

Rings of ecstasy spread from my loins. Waves of incredible sexual pleasure pulsed through my body. 

"I'm on fire baby, your cock is so fucking hard, so fucking big." I exclaimed. 

Bill's body pressed against mine, coating my back with sweat. His hands pleasuring my tits as his cock pleasured my loins. 

I gave in to the urge to climax, letting his incredible manhood drive me over the peak of sexual pleasure. My orgasm washed over us like a rouge wave of sensual ecstasy. My pussy convulsing, twitching and bathing his erect manhood with juices. 

"Hmmmmmmm..." He moaned as I flooded with orgasmic fluids. 

"Yes Gen, cum all over my cock!" He exclaimed. 

I did just what he asked, my pulsing pussy filled to overflowing with the juices his glorious cock elicited from me. 

The blinding passion of an incredible orgasm intensified with each thrust of his cock up into me. 

"Hold me up Bill!" I screamed as my knees went weak just as this beautiful orgasm peaked. 

Bills hands slid to my hips and then circled around in front to hold me tightly against him. His twitching thrusting cock continued its incredible onslaught into my numbing loins. 

Sensing that I could no longer stand, Bill turned me and bent my body over the kitchen table. I pushed everything in my way across to give me room to recline across the flat surface. 

Oh god, Bill fuck me harder." I screamed as the angle of his invasion changed. 

His massive swollen cock pounded into my pussy over and over as he approached his own orgasm. His bulging head slammed over and over into my cervix. The rock hard girth of his cock shaft stretched my swollen fuck flesh. 

"Oh fuck yes Gen I'm gonna cum baby!" He screamed. 

I wanted his cum, I wanted him to explode, "In my mouth baby, PLEASE cum in my mouth!" I begged. 

Bill pulled out and stepped back as I spun around and knelt before his glorious cock. I flipped my hair behind my back and spread my lips to catch every last drop of his seed. 

He stroked his cock several times squeezing hard on the shaft trying to delay his orgasm as long as possible. 

I licked at the head, begging for his cum. "Give it to me Bill, cum in my mouth let me taste your cum." I pleaded. 

A deep almost gut-wrenching groan escaped through tightly closed lips as Bill threw his head back and he released his death grip on the swollen shaft. 

"Cummingggggggg." He screamed. 

His cock exploded releasing a torrid of cum. It shot against the back of my mouth a huge thick sweet tasting load of cum. Filling my mouth, coating my tongue. 

"Oh god yes!" Bill screamed as his balls pumped my oral cavity full of hot sweet cum. 

I tilted my head back and held his load inside. He stroked his cock depositing the last few drops of his thick juice on my tongue. I leaned forward taking his cock head in my mouth. Bathing him in the pool of thick cum I held there. His hips twitched involuntarily as my lips closed around his ultra-sensitive corona causing his cock to pop out of my mouth. 

Before I could close my lips a stream of cum escaped and dripped off my chin landing between my tits coating the cleavage with his sperm. I leaned forward and pressed him into the cum pool again, deeper this time. My mouth overflowed and streams of his thick cum oozed at the corners of my mouth dribbling down dripping onto my tits. 

Bill moaned in complete ecstasy as I sucked his cock head trying to draw the last of his sweet tasting cum from him. As I sucked him I slid my hands up and smeared his seed across my heaving orbs coating every inch with his warm cum. 

"How fucking hot is that!" Bill exclaimed as he started recovering from the incredible climax of our breakfast fuck session. 

I leaned back again and let him slip from my oral grasp and straightened up to capture his still rock hard cock between my cum coated tits. 

"Oh yeah baby!" Bill exclaimed as I humped him with my sticky cleavage. 

I looked up at him and grinned before I opened my lips to show him a mouthful of his sweet seed. He watched intently as I swished the sticky deposit around inside my mouth. Another dribble escaped over my lip and oozed off my chin adding to the sticky coated tits I was pleasuring him with. 

I finally swallowed the remaining cum letting it slide down my throat as I opened my lips again to show my lover I had swallowed his cum load. 

"Baby you have the sweetest tasting cum." I could finally exclaim. "You can shoot it in my mouth anytime you want Bill." I added seductively. 

Bill smiled at me and said, "Gen you are too fucking incredible!" 

His strong hands reached down and swooped me up to a standing position. He pulled my body against his letting me rub my cum coated tits in his sweaty mat of thick chest hair.

"Too fucking incredible!" He said again as he lowered his mouth to mine licking my cum coated chin and lips with his tongue. 

"Hmmmmmmmm... I love sharing this taste with you baby." I said. 

This kiss was our first of the day. I'd already tasted his cum and now I was sharing that incredible taste in our first passionate kiss of the day. 

Breaking our kiss Bill looked deeply into my emerald eyes staring intently. I brought my hand to his cheek and lightly ran the back of my fingers along his jaw to his chin were I turned my hand over and cupped his other cheek gently in my palm. 

Bill responded to my tender caress by pressing his cheek harder against my hand and bringing his hand to cover mine. 

"You are so sexy Gen." He said. 

"Thank you baby. I always want to be this sexy for you." I replied. 

He turned his face and kissed the palm of my delicate hand before sliding his hand to my shoulder. 

Twisting the loosely hanging strap of my shredded chemise around one finger he said, "Sorry about your nightie Gen." 

He lifted the remaining strap and slipped it off my shoulder letting it slid down my arm and fall to the floor. 

"I guess you'll just have to take me lingerie shopping Bill." I said. 

He laughed and replied. "I usually hate going shopping with...." Bill paused. 

"With Tess?" I questioned. 

"Well yes baby, but I shouldn't bring her up." He said. 

I placed my hands on his hips and looked him straight in the eyes. Smiling I said, "Baby, she's your wife, I expect her name to come up and I'm okay with that." 

"In fact I may even ask you from time to time something about her. And I expect you to be honest with me about her too." I added. 

Bill smiled and said, "I hate shopping with her Gen, and I always have to lie when I do." 

"I understand baby, better to keep the peace then be truthful about how she looks in something?" I asked. 

"Absolutely Gen." He said adding, "But I'd love to go lingerie shopping with you baby, I'm sure I could be truthful with you." His wide smile letting me know how much he'd enjoy that shopping trip. 

"Well you owe me one peppermint green chemise baby." I said. "The matching pants are still in one piece." I added. 

Bill's cum was starting to dry on my tits. I ran my fingers over my soft tits and said, "I need a shower baby. Help yourself to coffee and I'll be back in a flash. 

He smiled and replied, "Don't take too long Gen. I want to spend as much time as possible with you today." 

I slipped around him and headed for the bathroom as he found a coffee mug and poured himself a cup. 

Twisting my hair up into a bun I jumped into the warm shower water. I rinsed the residue of him from my chest and cleansed my pussy of our combined fluids, a quick shower just to freshen up for my discreet lover. 

As I slid the shower curtain back I found my lover standing in the room. He held his coffee cup up some and said, "Great coffee Gen." 

I smiled at him and replied, "Thank you baby." "Is that all you came in here to tell me?" I asked. 
