 "Ohh yes, please drink me," Elle groaned, lost in the surprising intimacy and hunger of this perfect stranger. Leaning back against the tile wall, she pulled his head closer into her leaking bosom, wrapping one leg up and around his hip to draw him into her with every limb she had free. 

Mike knew she wanted this as much as he did. He picked her up easily and carried her over to the locker room bench, laying her down gently, never taking his mouth off her nipples. He slid her pants slowly down, catching her panties under his thumbs as well. 

Elle arched her back and pressed her hips up towards him as he continued to undress her. She looked around, realizing how exposed she would be if the gym were to reopen the lockers. She was totally nude beneath this man as he hovered over her. Seeing his muscles bulging with his rush of testosterone, she pushed aside her thoughts and focused on feeling every moment.

Mike slowly lowered himself onto Elle, their bodies melting together. He quickly eased his shirt off and saw how hard his cock had become under his gym shorts. It lightly teased against Elle's soaking wet pussy through the thin fabric, leaving a little wet spot of her sex on his shorts. 

She sat up, suddenly hungry to taste his thick cock, focused intently on the bulge that had been bumping against her this whole time. Kneeling on the floor in front of him, she pressed her tits to the crotch of his shorts, expressing a little milk to dribble down and wet him further. She continued pressing against him as she reached for the waistband of his shorts and slid them down. 

Mike knew he was in her control. She was intently staring at his hard cock, her eyes locked on to the thick, bulbous head. A drop of precum slowly appeared and she licked her lips. Her hand reaching forward to rub the bead over the head of his cock. Mike groaned, her soft hands enveloping his hard cock. He kissed her hard on the lips, mixing the taste of his mouth with her sweet milk, their tongues forcing their way into each others' mouths. He lifted his lips off of hers and uttered a guttural

"Suck it"

Elle's eyes grew wide; she loved the way he commanded her. His low forceful tone made her twitch deep in her cunt. She obediently moved her mouth down over his shaft, enveloping his cock and sucking it deep into her mouth immediately. No warning, no teasing kisses or licks. She was on a mission to please him. 

She gripped the base of his cock with one hand and fondled his balls with the other while she bobbed on his hard shaft, saliva dripping down to her hands. Her tits were leaking and dribbling down her body, down to her pussy, and forming a small puddle beneath her. As she sucked she looked up at him with her blue eyes, his cock stretching her thick lips wide, and she smiled a little seeing him totally lost in the pleasures of her warm mouth. 

Mike couldn't help but gasp every time she took his cock in. Her warm, wet mouth seemed to form a seal around his cock. And her constantly dribbling the spit, dripping down her engorged tits, mixing with her milk, just seemed to push all his buttons. He knew he couldn't hold out much more. He grabbed the back of her head and fucked her face. He felt his cock hit the back of her mouth, almost reaching into her throat. Her eyes bulging out and the strains of her breath as he filled her mouth. He was close, he knew it. He wanted to cum all over her. He pulled out of her mouth, grabbed the back of her head by her hair and leaned it back, and stroked his cock. He came in jets. The first spraying across her face, the next few over her tits. 

Mike leaned back and watched as the cum dripped down her tits. Mixing with the milk, it formed a sticky cream that ran down her body in tiny rivers and mixed in the puddle. Mike couldn't believe he was still hard, this woman had that effect on him. 

Elle kneeled, her thighs spread wide, a small puddle forming below her pussy of both their juices and her milk. She couldn't believe how much she had loved his orgasm, how thoroughly she wanted it. She looked down at her messy tits, ran a finger through the cream he had left on her, and put it in her mouth. She wanted to taste him, all of him. She was addicted. 

Without tilting up her head, her eyes looked up at him, her finger still between her thick lips. "Thank you, that was delicious". She was panting a little from the excitement. 

Mike knew he wasn't done with her. He picked her up easily, carrying her into the shower. He warmed it up as he looked into her eyes again, the lust still bubbling to the surface. He grabbed the hand shower and used it to wash the last of his semen and her milk off her, scrubbing her breasts, paying special attention to her nipples. He took the tool further down, washing her stomach, hand following the wand, washing away the remnants of the day, till he finally reached her pussy. Using the wand, he ran the warm water over her aching pussy as he slipped one finger inside her. He put the wand back above them as he kissed her juicy lips, slipping yet another finger inside her tight, wet pussy. He turned her around, pressing her tits against the cold tile as he looped his arm around her and kept fingering her dripping pussy. 

Elle was blinded with lust - she barely registered the shower, the warm water, but her body was electrified as his fingers invaded her pussy. She arched her back, pressing against his hand, feeling her wetness slide down her thighs. Her open mouth and wide eyes staring up at the ceiling, every muscle taut, as he invaded her and brought her closer and closer to her own orgasm. She spread her legs as wide as she could and stood on tiptoe, her leaking tits dripping down the shower wall. Her hands gripped his muscular arm around her torso, her nails pressing into him, as she moaned like an animal. 

He slid his fingers out with a pop from her tight pussy. He bent her over ever so slightly and positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy, teasing his head over her lips. She glanced back, wiggling towards him, not caring that he was bare, not caring that twenty minutes ago she didn't even know he existed. All she cared about was having him, being filled with him. She moaned again in impatience as he made her wait for his cock. 

Mike could feel the heat off of her, her impatience was perceptible every time she tried to piston herself on his hard cock, but he wanted her to wait. He finally relented and pushed her against the tile just as he slammed his cock into her inviting pussy. Her slickness allowing him to bury his cock inside her, feeling her pussy tighten around his cock. 

"Ohh, yes!" Elle cried out, before clamping a hand over her own mouth, thinking anyone could hear her if she made too much noise. "Relax," the man bent forward to whisper against her neck, "the shower is muffling your moaning." At the feel of his hot breath and the vibration of his low voice on her neck, she shivered with pleasure. Her nipples stood erect on her tits, and she pushed back against him, wanting every inch of him to fill her. 

It seemed that the more Mike filled Elle, the more he felt he needed her. He couldn't understand how this woman who he only knew the first name had captivated him so much. His thoughts were quickly pushed aside when Elle impaled herself on his thick cock and let out a long moan, he grabbed her hips, lifting her off, and then pushing her back down again. Mike reached around and grabbed her heaving tits, twisting and squeezing her nipples one at a time. 

Elle could feel she was close to cumming. He was milking her huge tits, sending arcs of milk out with each squeeze. They splashed against the wall in front of her. "Fuck I am going to cum!" she said in a low urgent breath, reaching to put her hand over one of his, the other hand bracing herself against the milk-covered wall, needing to hold on to something. She felt like she was going to split apart with her orgasm. 

Mike felt Elle gripping his cock harder in her pussy and knew her orgasm was rolling over her, he kept thrusting into her, slowing his pace, but not the intensity. This woman brought out the dominant personality in him and seemed to encourage it. He reached around and lightly grazed over her clit, wetting his finger with her juices and then rubbing it ever so gently. Her cum drenched his cock and finger and he lifted it back to taste and then turned her head, kissing her on the lips, mixing his saliva with her cum. 

Mike turned off the shower and led Elle over to the bench, lying down on the bench, and positioning her over his cock, lowering her slightly onto himself. As her pussy slowly stretched around his head, he thrust in quickly, burying himself again inside her. This elicited another moan and Mike reached up to grab Elle's hair, pulling it as he fucked her. 

Elle's head flew back and her back arched as he pulled her hair and thrust his cock up into her. Her mind was reeling, she could still taste her pussy on her lips from his deep wet kiss. Who is this man, she thought, I need him inside me for the rest of the evening. Her body was still pulsing from her orgasm, and her pussy leaking more juice all over his crotch and her thighs as she spread her legs above him. She reached up to knead her tits, and milk began to spray, splashing him in the face and chest while he fucked her. She looked down at his messy, bulging muscles and wanted to lick him clean so badly. But she felt an overwhelming urge to obey him, and right now his hand was still tangled in her damp hair. She locked eyes with him and licked her lips hungrily. 

Mike saw this lust-filled woman and couldn't stop staring. He just met her 30 minutes ago and she was here, impaled on his cock and begging for more. Her constant squeezing of her pussy around his cock was driving him wild, and closer to the edge. He knew he wouldn't last much longer, but he couldn't bring himself to take his cock out. He wanted to fill her with his cum. Claim her as his. 

Mike could feel it rising from his swollen balls, he pushed her down once more as the first spurt went deep inside her, the next filling her pussy with his cum as she leaned down and rested on his, their breath ragged and uneven from the hard pounding. Mike kissed Elle hard and held her, she was amazing. 

Elle sighed happily, feeling his cum warm and deep inside her, as he slowly slid out of her and her gaping pussy pulsed. She nestled against his milk-covered chest, peeking up at him as their breathing began to slow. "Mmmm... so, I didn't catch your name, before." 

Mike slowly stood up and said "Sir will do for now. Planet Fitness tomorrow, same time."

*****

Written in collaboration with milkmaid31.