 Figures, Alyssa thought to herself as she got the jammed fax from the machine. This has got to be one of the worst Mondays on record. First she was late to work, then she had to stay late because of this fax. At least I got to see him, she thought. He was Eric, the tall, muscular man with the black hair, blue eyes, lean face who worked two floors up from her. She saw him everyday and couldn't stop the flutter in her heart, the tingling of her skin when she did. Sometimes he would look at her but she always looked away, she was so shy. 

She started to daydream about what it would be like to be with him. The feel of his hands caressing her skin, those luscious lips on her neck kissing gently and his hard body pressed up against her. Shaking herself, she came out of the daydream. Oh it's so late she thought; I bet I'm the only one left in the building. It was an older building where she worked on the sixth floor, but she hated taking the elevator. It always seemed about to stop working. Hoping to get out of the building soon, she began to pack up what she would need to take home to work on. Turning off the lights in the office she headed for the elevator, pressing the down button. 

When the doors slid open, she barely stopped the gasp from her throat. There he was, the only other person in the elevator, staring at her. Gripping her briefcase tightly she hesitantly gave him a small smile and stepped inside. As the doors closed she looked at him from the corner of her eye. Oh he is so handsome, she thought. Determined to keep her mind off him she began to go over what to have for dinner in her mind. Suddenly the elevator lurched and the lights went out; she was thrown against him, knocking them both to the floor before it all came to a stop. 

In the darkness her first thought was how great he felt under her hands; her second was that she should get off him.

"I'm so sorry" she said as she rolled off him to sit up.

"Its okay," he said, as she heard him sitting up too.

"What happened?" she asked.

"I'm not sure but let me try the phone here," he said. She could hear him moving around, she heard the panel open, heard him pick up the phone and hit the button a few times. It was so very nerve racking to not be able to see him. He put the phone back and said, "It's out also". Oh no she thought.

"How do we get help, then?" she asked.

"I think we have to wait it out," he said back. His voice was so silky smooth, she thought to herself. I bet it could make a woman melt when making love. She moved a little to get more comfortable.

"Maintenance doesn't come in until seven in the morning," she said.

"I know," he replied.

They sat in silence for a while. The silence was disconcerting but she didn't know what to say. She began to move a little, sitting was starting to hurt her back.

"How long do you think we will be here?" she asked softly, not wanting to disturb him.

"I would guess until morning, since we were the last two in the building," he said just as softly. Letting the silence fall again, they sat; her eyes were beginning to adjust some to where she could make some semblance of him across from her. She began to think back to her earlier daydream. Stop it, she thought to herself, you are alone with him now you do not need to be thinking like that. She heard him begin to move, it seemed he was coming closer. Her breathing stopped as the scent of him reached her, masculine and musky, he smelled wonderful.

She had wanted him for so long, never having the nerve to talk to him. Jumping slightly as she felt his hand on her leg, she heard him say, "Sorry didn't mean to do that".

"It's alright," she replied. Thinking about how hot it was becoming, she unbuttoned a few more buttons on her blouse, thankful for the darkness. Reaching into her briefcase, she grabbed the bottle of water she always had with her. Taking a sip from it she offered some to him. "Would you like some water?"

Reaching toward him, her hand brushed his sending shivers down her spine; he took the bottle. "Thanks," he said as he settled in next to her. She could hear him swallowing slowly. Feeling the bottle on her arm, she took it back and set it on the floor next to her. Sitting in silence, lost in her thoughts, she didn't notice at first that he seemed to be removing something. Listening intently she could hear the rustle of his jacket being taken off. "It's very hot in here," he said.

She could barely breathe, she only thought of him stripping next to her. Finally she found her voice, "Yes, it is." Her mind wandering to what he would look like naked, she had to unbutton more buttons on her shirt. Thinking of how good it would feel to have his hands on her body, she began to squirm as her body responded to the thought. Her breathing became more rapid as the mental picture continued to play in her mind. 

She felt his hand on her arm, turning her head toward him she whispered throatily, "Yes". Sensing his mouth moving closer she tilted her head back; softly he laid his lips on hers. At first the kiss was gentle, probing for answers to questions not even asked yet. Her lips parted slightly, his tongue slipped in exploring the deepest secrets as her mouth told them all. His hand reached up to cup her face as he pulled back slightly.

"I've wanted to do that for so long," he whispered.

"Yes," she whispered back, her senses too overwhelmed to say more. Shifting closer she placed her lips back against his, her hands reaching up to tangle in his hair. Kissing him with all the passion she had kept inside, her body melting into his. Feeling them slide to the floor, her on top of him, she couldn't stop the moan that escaped from her lips. He felt so good against her. 

Lost in the sensations running through her body she didn't realize he had removed her top until she felt his lips leave hers. Lifting her body up, his mouth traveled down her neck to kiss gently on the slope of her breast. She gasped as his hot mouth engulfed her nipple through the bra, sucking gently on it. Moaning loudly, she moved to straddle him, her skirt riding up. She could feel how hard he was against her wetness. Her hands reached down to undo his trousers, hastily tearing at the button and zipper. She wanted to feel that hardness in her hands. Finally getting the pants undone, she reached her hand inside. She heard him gasp as her hand wrapped around his hardness. The feel of it against her hand sent bolts of lust through her body. He reached around her to undo her bra, freeing her aching breasts. 

Sitting back, she allowed him to remove the bra. He tossed the bra aside and leaned up to take one nipple in his mouth. Panting, she began to lightly stroke his hard cock. She could feel the moan that came from him as her hand moved up and down. She protested as his mouth left her nipple, he sat up taking her mouth again. Alyssa could feel the need racing through her body as his tongue delved deep in her mouth. She removed her hand from his hardness, causing him to murmur a protest as they kissed. Her hands moved up to begin undoing the buttons on his shirt. She wanted to run her hands over that hard chest, to feel the hair and every inch of skin. Breaking the kiss, she began to lick her way down his chin, past his throat, following the opening of his shirt with her lips. He leaned back to give her better access to his body. Undoing the last button, she slipped the shirt from his shoulders, letting it pool behind him as her mouth found his nipple. Licking it lightly as her hands roamed over his chest. She could feel his heart beating, the pace matching hers as the desire took over their bodies. Sucking his nipple into her mouth, she began to lightly nibble on it causing him to groan loudly. It echoed in the still elevator. 

He pulled her mouth off of his nipple and began to kiss her passionately again. Wrapping his arms around her tightly he rolled them over. Leaning back she could feel his stare on her in the darkness. His hand moved up to cup her face before slowly making a light trail down her body. Shivers ran through her body at the touch. She felt his hands reach her skirt, undoing the zipper on the side. Lifting her hips toward him, she could feel the skirt slip down her legs. He moved to her feet pulling it completely off. She heard the skirt fall to the floor as he tossed it aside. 

Eric picked up her foot, caressing it lightly with his fingertips. Drawing it close to his face, she felt his lips on the side. He kissed his way slowly along her foot up her calf. She moaned loudly at how erotic it felt to have him kissing her leg. Alyssa felt his hand slowly trailing up her other leg, setting small flames along her skin. Her head thrown back, panting as her body was on fire. His lips kissed their way up one thigh as his hand made small circles along her other thigh. She didn't know if she could stand the feeling coursing through her body.

Alyssa's breathe halted as she felt his breath near her wetness. Oh how she wanted his mouth on her, to feel that tongue along her slit, tasting her. The anticipation was maddening as he simply breathed her in as his finger traced her lips. Feeling his breath on her, she moved her hips trying to slip his finger inside her. Eric moved his hand to grip her hip causing her to whimper at the loss. Flicking his tongue out, he made one long lick from the bottom to the top of her slip. Her body jumped at the feel of his hot tongue against her. 

With another long lick along her slit, her hips lifted up against his mouth. She tangled her fingers in Eric's hair, pulling his mouth deeper into her. His tongue delved deep inside her, while his mouth sucked hard on her clit. Moaning in ecstasy, her body pressed into the floor. His mouth continued to tease her lips, his tongue darting in and out of her. Alyssa could feel her orgasm building. Her mind filled with the emotions his mouth was creating. Wave after wave of bliss crashing through her body as his tongue flicked over and over her clit. Alyssa's body tightened as her orgasm slammed into her. Screaming out, her body arched against his mouth, her orgasm rolled through her body. With one last long lick against her wetness, Eric moved up her body to passionately kiss her. 

Kissing with all the emotion running through her body, Alyssa held on tight to Eric. She moved her hands slowly down his sides to his pants, pushing them down as their tongues danced a lover's dance. He stood up over her to remove his pants completely, she heard them hit the floor before he once again settled on top of her. 

Alyssa opened her legs, welcoming him in. Gripping his face, she traced her fingers over his face, seeing in her mind what she couldn't with her eyes in the darkness. She could feel his hardness pressing against her wet slit. Eric reached down to rub it against her causing her to moan and her hips to lift off the floor seeking more. She wanted him inside her, to feel it sliding along her inner walls. He moaned as just the head slipped inside. Bending down to kiss her, he slowly slipped inside her. As their tongues made love, his body melted into her. Eric held still as his hips meet hers, enjoying the feel of her. 

Gripping his shoulders tightly, she began to move under him wanting him to make love to her. Slowly he began to withdraw from her until he almost left her warmth. She whimpered at the feel of him leaving and gasped loudly as he slid back in. It felt every bit as wonderful as she had thought. His body fit perfectly with hers. Over and over he slid in then back out of her. Her hips lifted to meet his every thrust. As he leaned up over her, her mouth sought out his nipple. Alyssa took it into her mouth, sucking greedily on it. The sound of their rapidly increasing breath and beating hearts was all they heard as he made love to her. 

Alyssa could feel her orgasm building inside her once again. Eric's strokes became quicker and quicker as his own orgasm built. Pulling him down to meet her mouth, she slipped her tongue inside. Kissing him as her body tightened around him. Her orgasm rushed through her body, soaking them both. She felt Eric tighten above her as his own orgasm was triggered by hers. Warmth flooded her insides, coating everything inside as his orgasm peaked. Arching his back above her as the last of his orgasm emptied into her. Collapsing onto her, he wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly.

Alyssa tightened her hold on Eric, listening. She thought she'd heard a voice. There now she heard it clearly. "Is anyone in there?"

Jumping at the sound, they quickly broke apart. Sitting up, grasping for their clothes in the darkness, neither knew what to say. Finally Eric called out "Yes, we are here."

It took almost twenty minutes for the maintenance men to get them out of the elevator. In the time they had left together, neither Alyssa nor Eric spoke, not sure what to say after such incredible lovemaking. As they parted on the first floor, their eyes met. In them, they could see the promise of another night. 

Later she found out that the power failure had trigged a silent alarm which notified them that there was a problem. Not knowing if anyone had left late the man had decided to come to the building and check for himself. Eric and she had been in the elevator for only three hours. That night Alyssa curled up in her bed and in her mind she relived every single touch and sound from earlier. It had been the most erotic night of her life.