 Chapter 3: Joining Monica

A week had passed since Kyle was last in San Diego. He was certain that this business trip wouldn't be quite the exciting time the last one was. He recalled how he met Lucy and Brenda at the hotel bar and accidentally left his suit jacket at their table. It became the perfect scenario when Lucy, a sultry, thick and busty brunette called him to drop by her room so she could return it, leading to a drink, leading to a hot night of sex. Her business partner and roommate, Brenda, accidentally walked in on the event, excusing herself, but leaving Lucy hotter from the intrusion.

It would have been exciting enough, but the following day, after work, it was Brenda who knocked on Kyle's door. She was older and not voluptuous like Lucy was, but she was vivacious and forward. The sex was fast and rough, concluding his last trip to San Diego with a wild bang.

"Back to business as usual," thought Kyle, as he packed up after his first day of business meetings. "Time to head back to the hotel, write some notes, throw down some bar food and fall asleep watching sitcom reruns."

"Nice work today, Kyle," said Jeff as he walked into the conference room to retrieve his notes. Jeff was the guy who brought Kyle in to consult, which made him his primary point of contact.

"Thanks, Jeff," he replied. "I aim to please."

Jeff smiled. "So I hear. I just found out that you are acquainted with our accounting consultants."

"You're kidding," Kyle lifted an eyebrow. "Who?"

"You know Brenda and Lucy. I had lunch with Brenda yesterday, and she said that she and Lucy were staying at your hotel."

Kyle hid his nerves. "Oh... Yeah, I met them last time I was here. Nice ladies."

Jeff laughed. "Yeah. Yeah they are. Anyway, what are your plans for dinner? Monica and I are going to grill out by the pool. We'd love it if you decided to join us."

"Wow. I actually hadn't planned on anything, so sure. When should I be there?"

Kyle stopped by his hotel to change before driving to Jeff and Monica's house at 7:00. He knocked on the door and waited for Jeff to open it.

Instead, an attractive, tan woman with shoulder-length black hair greeted him. She wore a black bikini and a sheer sarong from her waist. "You must be Kyle," she politely smiled, standing to the side and inviting him in. "I'm Monica. Jeff's already out by the pool. I'm almost done getting the food ready. I'll be out in a minute."

"Thanks," Kyle said, watching her perfect hips sway as she walked toward the kitchen. He made his way out to the patio/pool area and announced his presence to Jeff.

"Glad you could make it, Jeff. Beer?"

"Sure."

Jeff popped the cap off a bottle and handed it to Kyle. "So, what do you think?"

"About what?"

"What do you think of Monica?"

"Oh... She's nice."

Jeff laughed. "Yeah, she is. Come on. She's hot."

"Well... yeah. I mean, yeah. Good job with that," Kyle laughed nervously.

"Don't worry about it, Kyle. My wife is very aware of the effect she has on men."

Kyle took a drink. "Doesn't bother you?"

"Nope. I'm maybe a bit unusual that way. I like it when people give her the attention she deserves."

"And boy, do I deserve it," Monica's voice intruded. She set down the last salad bowl and motioned for Jeff and Kyle to have a seat.

The conversation began as ordinary business talk, which became office rumors. Eventually, Jeff brought up his accounting consultants.

"Brenda... What a dirty girl!" Monica exclaimed.

"Damn," said Jeff. "Don't I know it?"

Kyle looked confused, which made Monica laugh. She put her hand on her husband's leg. "He doesn't know what you're talking about, Jeff."

Jeff finished sipping from his beer. "I fucked her."

"Who? Brenda?"

"Yep. She was a wild ride, man."

"What, like before you met Monica?"

Monica laughed, clearly having fun at her guest's expense. "About a month ago, right Jeff?"

"About. Also two other times before that."

"Wow," said Kyle. "And you're completely cool with that, Monica?"

"What do I care? Brenda's not the type to try to steal my man. She's just looking for a fuck toy... and my man can fuck."

"It doesn't bother you at all?"

"Nope. Brenda's good for some crazy shit. It gets Jeff hard, which gets me, just... mmm."

"Oh, come on, Kyle," said Jeff. "You know how Brenda is."

"You, uh... You know about that?"

"She says nothing but good things. She also says you rocked Lucy's world... good call, tapping that. Big ass. Nice cushy lay."

"Did you fuck her too?"

"No, so you'll have to tell me how that was."

"It was..."

"It's alright," said Monica. "You don't need to be shy about stuff like that here. We're kind of, well... perverts," she laughed, causing Jeff to do the same.

"In that case," said Kyle, "Lucy was sexy as hell in bed. Her pussy was..."

"Oh, come on, Kyle. You can't leave us hanging," said Jeff.

"Really damn wet. Hot too. Huge tits. They bounced a lot while I was fucking her."

Monica looked Kyle up and down, taking note that he was beginning to get a little hard with all of the sexually charged conversation. "We don't want to make our guest too uncomfortable on his first visit, Jeff," she said. "Where are you from, Kyle?"

The conversation became a lot more typical for the remainder of the meal. "Terrific dinner, Monica," Kyle complimented as the meal wound down.

"You think that tasted good?" asked Monica.

"You should taste her pussy," Jeff joked.

Monica smiled at Jeff as she began to take dishes back inside.

Kyle laughed. "Well, not what I was expecting."

Jeff clinked his bottle to Kyle's. "Here's to the unexpected. So, you gonna stick around? Try out the hot tub?"

"Thanks, Jeff, but I probably ought to take care of some things."

"Suit yourself," said Jeff. He picked up some dishes and walked toward the house as Monica was walking out. He whispered something into her ear, kissed her and proceeded into the house.

Monica continued toward Kyle. "Care to join me in the hot tub?"

"Oh, I can't."

"Really? Oh no. You really should stay. We don't have guests over that much and we've had a lot of fun with you. Are you sure you can't be persuaded?" she asked, nonchalantly removing her sarong. She grabbed another beer, popped the cap and handed it to Kyle. "See? Now you have to stick around."

Kyle smiled. "You're very persuasive."

She stepped into the hot tub and sat down. "Kyle, you have no idea."

Kyle walked in to change into his trunks. He grabbed his beer bottle on the way back out the door and stepped into the hot tub without realizing that Monica had removed her bikini top.

He tried to hide his surprise, but Monica knew. "So," said Kyle. "Do you usually go bare like this?"

"Do you usually get this hard in a hot tub?" she countered.

It was pretty obvious, and Kyle didn't know how to react. "Listen, I probably ought to just, cut my losses here and..."

"And do what?" Monica pressed. "Tell Jeff that you had to leave because his wife's body makes you hard?"

"I don't really know what to say."

Monica drifted over to him, wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing her tits against his chest. "Say you want to fuck me."

"Monica. Jeff is right in there. I could get fired."

"Kyle, you're just not getting the picture," she said. "You're here because Jeff wants you to fuck me, so say it."

Kyle relaxed and looked into Monica's eyes. "I want to fuck you."

Monica kissed him, her tongue slipping between his lips. She pulled down Kyle's trunks until his cock popped up, hard and ready. She rose up out of the water to pull off her bikini bottom, placing her bare chest right in front of Kyle's face.

He licked her left nipple as he massaged her perfect C-cup breast. She drifted back downward, grabbing onto his cock. "Ah, ah. Not yet," she said. She guided him up from the water so that he sat upon the edge of the hot tub, ran her fingers down his chest and stomach to his cock. She grabbed hold, stroking it in her hand as she leaned in with her head to lick the end of it. "Mmm," she moaned. "You have a nice cock."

Her head bobbed up and down on his cock as his head drifted backward and his eyes closed, enjoying the sensation.

"Can she suck a cock or what?" Jeff's voice intruded. Kyle almost fell over backward, startled by the interruption.

Monica was unfazed and continued to lick and suck on Kyle's engorged member. "Uh, yeah," Kyle said, turning his head toward the direction of the voice.

Jeff stepped into the hot tub. He was fully naked and fully erect. "Hope you don't mind, Kyle. Watching my wife do what she does best is one of my favorite things."

Kyle was too distracted by the fantastic blowjob Monica was giving him to object. "Monica, you do realize your husband's here, right?"

Monica gave Kyle one long suck all the way up to the tip before replying. "Mmm-hmm." She drifted over to Jeff, grabbed his cock, looked over at Kyle seductively and began to suck her husband's dick.

"What the hell am I doing here?" Kyle asked himself. It was a moot point. Leaving would do nothing to change the course of the evening's events. Besides, the scene was arousing to say the least.

He watched as Monica licked and slurped Jeff. "It's okay, man," the husband said. "I don't mind if you want to stroke to this."

Kyle nodded, grabbed his cock and began to slowly work his hand up and down, while watching Monica skillfully suck on Jeff's big cock.

Monica stood, stepped out of the hot tub and grabbed Kyle by the hand. "This part will be a lot better in the bedroom," she said.

Jeff followed, grabbing three towels and handing the other two to Kyle and Monica. "You two go ahead. I'll be in soon."

Monica led Kyle to the center of the bedroom and began to kiss Kyle passionately. "I am so glad Jeff invited you. I'm going to love being fucked by you." She kissed down his chest and then knelt before him, giving his cock a nice slow suck.

Jeff entered the room and stepped close to her. She grabbed his cock in her hand and began to stroke it as she worked her lips over Kyle's erection.

She grabbed the base of Kyle's cock as she switched, sucking her husband. "Mmm," she moaned. "Two beautiful cocks."

She urged Kyle closer while continuing to suck on Jeff. "Don't be shy, baby," she said as she switched again.

Kyle was in a blowjob-induced trance. He barely noticed as Monica drew the two cocks closer together until she could suck both of them. At first she alternated from one to the other, then she touched them together, sucking the heads at the same time. Kyle thought for sure he would be wierded out by the experience, but he was too aroused by the black-haired wife to let it be ruined.

"Oh, yes," Kyle let slip.

"Mmm," said Monica. "I think it's time that one of you put it in my pussy."

She climbed up and knelt on the bed, her perfect ass bent to allow Kyle. She grabbed Kyle's cock and guided it into her pussy. He began to fuck her.

"Mmm. Isn't she the best piece of ass?" Jeff prodded.

"Oh yeah," Kyle replied.

"Yeah. Fuck her. Fuck my wife's hot pussy."

"Mmm. She feels so good."

Jeff climbed up, running his hand up Monica's back to her head and put his cock in her mouth.

Sweat dripped from Kyle as he plunged deep into Monica. "Yes. Suck that big cock while I fuck you," he said.

"I have a better idea," said Jeff, he leaned over her body, putting two fingers to her asshole. He massaged it until his fingers slid in. Monica writhed with pleasure.

Monica leaned forward until Kyle's cock was no longer in her pussy. He was totally caught off guard when Jeff grabbed Kyle's cock and guided it to Monica's ass. He ran the cockhead down her crack and pushed it into her tight hole. Kyle continued to push until he was buried to the base in Monica's ass.

She leaned back, and raised herself into an upright position. Jeff came along front and licked her right nipple before pressing himself against her and gliding his cock into her wet pussy.

Moans of ecstasy filled the room as the three bodies moved together, their fucking growing faster and more intense. Monica had begun to orgasm and was bucking wildly. "Oh, I'm gonna cum," said Kyle.

"Me too," said Jeff.

It happened almost simultaneously as the men released their loads into Monica and the three collapsed to the side onto the bed.

"Mmm, so glad you decided to join us, tonight," Monica smiled. "We simply must do it again sometime."