 Shanthai, LaTonia and I continue our evening of amazing sex...

I leaned forward to kiss her again and as we were kissing, I felt a hand on my chest. From behind me we heard a soft, groggy voice say, "I wanna play too." We broke off our kiss and both looked at Shanthai. Shanthai had a tired but satisfied smile and her eyes were sparkling. She looked up at LaTonia and said, "I'd like to do a lot more with you and I want to get together with both of you when I can spend the whole night." She turned her head and gave me a kiss. She froze, broke off the kiss, looked into my eyes and said, "I really don't want to leave this nice hard cock that's still buried deep inside me but I have to get back to work." As if on command, the three of us looked down to where my cock penetrated Shanthai's body and we eagerly watched as she slowly backed up. My cock glistened as Shanthai back up, exposing the length inch by inch. Her puffy lips seemed to be grabbing at it as it finally slipped out. With a groan, she rolled off the bed and walked towards the bathroom.

LaTonia didn't even look up; she swung her leg over my hips, lined her pussy up with the head of my cock and quickly lowered herself onto my shaft. I slid all the way into her body without any hesitation. She bottomed out, ground her pussy against my cock, looked up into my eyes and cooed, "No sense in wasting a hard, wet, inviting cock." LaTonia sat upright, arch her back and tilted her head back as if looking at the ceiling. She thrust her chest out, grabbed both of my hands with hers and placed them over her hardened nipples. She groaned and then continued, "Especially if it's just shot off inside my best friend's pussy and it's still hard and ready to go."

I massaged her breasts as she slowly ground her pussy into my pubic bone. Shanthai had cleaned up, put on her slip and was getting her skirt on. She spoke up, asking, "Does anyone know where my panties are. I've got pussy juice and gobs of jizz running down my legs." I looked over at her and smiled proudly. LaTonia told her to get a clean pair out of her duffle bag. Shanthai dug into the bag and held up a tiny red thong, smiling seductively with approval. As she was pulling them up her sexy brown legs, she said, "LaTonia. Do you want me to bring them back to work tomorrow or do you want me to come to your house later today so you can take them off of me?" 

LaTonia didn't miss a beat. We continued to fuck as she extended her arm over towards Shanthai, held out her hand and then pointed at her. She curled her finger up and told her to "Come here." Shanthai walked over to the side of the bed. LaTonia dropped her hand to the bottom of Shanthai's skirt, lifted it up and exposed the shiny red thong. She leaned forward, gave Shanthai a kiss and then backed off saying, "I'll be over to your place later today to eat them off of you." Shanthai smiled, turned and left the room.

After Shanthai left, LaTonia leaned forward. Her long dark hair cascaded over my chest. She put her face to mine as her silky hair dragged across my neck, shoulders and chest. She gave me a light peck on the lips and then lowered her warm soft body so that she was lying on top of me. I felt her hot breath on my ear as she whispered, "I'm suddenly feeling like a little bitch. In a minute, I want you to fuck me like a dog?" My cock jumped. She giggled when she felt this and said, "I'll take that as a yes."

We laid there for a few minutes then she rolled off of me. We both groaned a little bit when my cock slipped out of her body. I rolled off the bed while she positioned herself on her hands and knees in the center of the bed. I crawled up onto the bed and scooted up behind her. As I positioned myself on my knees behind her, my dripping wet, swollen purple cock head rubbed across her ass leaving a wet streak on her firm dark cheek. I gripped my hard shaft with my right hand. I bent the shaft down slightly and pushed the head against the top of her ass crack. Then, I slowly backed up, sliding it down her crack towards her pussy. I paused for a brief moment as I came into contact with her tight little hole. A faint gasp escaped her mouth and she said, "Mmm baby. My pussy needs your cock right now. I promise you'll get to fuck my ass before I leave in the morning." She reached back, slapped my hand away and grabbed my cock. She pulled it down to her pussy and backed herself into me, pressing her firm round ass against my stomach. My cock was once again embedded deep inside her steamy cunt. I closed my eyes and nearly shot my load as she purred, "Now fill my belly with your cum."

I took a deep breath and regained my composure. Opening my eyes, I looked down to see quite an amazing view. LaTonia's body has the sexiest, smoothest curves I've ever seen. Her dark hair had parted in the back, flowing over her shoulders. I could see the base of her slim, sexy neck. Her dark skin pulled tight across her shoulders when she arched her back. Her soft round shoulders were attached to the hottest, darkest, slender arms that I've ever seen. Her slender waist was accentuated by a little dip in her lower back and her hips were just inviting me to grab them with both hands; which I did, happily.

My hands shook slightly as I slowly placed them on her dark round cheeks as she pressed back against the front of my body. I wrapped my fingers around her smooth curves. I relished the feel of my fingertips gliding over her hip bones. LaTonia groaned when I pressed the palms of my hands into her cheeks and push forward, opening up her beautiful crack. My eyes focused on my hard, wet shaft as it penetrated her dark pink lips. I leaned back slightly and watched intently as is slid out of her body. Her pussy lips were holding onto my cock as if trying to stop the retreatment. I saw her lips spread further apart as my swollen purple head started to emerge. 

I was tempted to pause and then ram my hard shaft back into LaTonia but I suddenly had a thought. I leaned back a little bit further and my cock popped from her hot aching body. With both hands full of her firm ass cheeks, I squeezed them together and pressed her crack closed. I pushed my cock forward, causing it to press against her dripping wet pussy lips. I continued the pressure, pressing forward just a little bit harder. We both moaned loudly when the head slipped back into her body. Her steamy body felt amazing as it accepted my intrusion. I let out another loud groan as she slowly pressed back against me. My hands squeezed her cheeks together. Our bodies kept moving towards each other until we'd once again conjoined her butt cheeks and my stomach. 

Slowly, we repeated this a few more times. LaTonia's breathing was getting labored when she hissed, "Please baby. Quit teasing me and just fuck my brains out. I need you to fuck me hard." I paused for a moment and then reestablished my grip on her hips. I spread her cheeks as I had been doing and slowly pulled out, but not all the way. This time, I left just the tip stuck in her hot body and when I knew she was going to say something, I slammed back into her. She squealed as I slammed it in and then suddenly pulled back. I could feel the cool room air on my wet shaft. I looked down to see it emerge from her body. Before my cock could slip from her body, I shoved forward, smashing my pubic bone into her ass. I could feel my dangling balls as they slapped against her clit.

LaTonia was now gasping for air. I knew she was getting close to a big orgasm so I didn't give her a chance to catch her breath this time and slammed back into her and then backed out, repeating this rapidly about 8 to 10 times. She held her breath for the last three or four thrusts when I suddenly felt her body stiffen up and her pussy clamp down on my cock. 

I was on a mission to totally wreck this sexy vamps amazing body. With my back and arm muscles burning, I increased my grip on her hips and quickened my pace. I leaned back to make my cock angle upwards as it slipped into and out of her wet pussy. LaTonia continued to groan and squeal loudly. The faster and harder I pounded her hot little twat, the louder she got. I was worried about someone else hearing us but then again, she's the one that booked me in this room.

I continued to fuck her doggie style, which just happens to be my favorite position. I could feel my own orgasm starting to build. My back and legs were cramping up from leaning backwards so I leaned forward to relieve some of the pressure. I held her hips with all of the strength in my hands and arms. My balls were burning and ready to explode, but I wanted to hold out just a little longer. After a few more minutes of relentless fucking, I bent down to kiss LaTonia on the back. I told her that it wouldn't be much longer and her pussy would soon be overflowing with cum. Hearing this seemed to fuel her fire because she started to respond to my thrusts, matching my movements. 

I leaned back again and looked down to see my cock plunging in and out of her body. My cock was glistening with her juice and my precum. In between her own heavy breathing, I heard LaTonia say, "Come on baby. Give me all of your sweet, delicious cum. Pump it deep into my belly. I want you to fill my pussy with your hot sticky cum. I need to feel your cum dribble down my legs as you push your hard cock into my steamy hole." She knew it was driving me crazy. She turned to look over her shoulder. She looked into my eyes, blew me a kiss and then leaned forward with her head on the bed. This changed the angle of her body and the way my cock penetrated her pussy. It felt wonderful.

I squeezed her ass cheeks closed for the last time this evening and took a deep breath as the pressure inside my balls became too difficult to control. I stopped fucking LaTonia for just a moment, straightened my back up and then leaned back to push my cock deep inside of her body. I thrust my hips really hard and fast about a dozen more times and then let out a long, exhausted groan as my body filled her velvety soft pussy full of steamy cum. My body pulsed and shook. I kept my back arched and pushed my hips into her ass as I held her tight in my hands. 

Suddenly, I felt LaTonia's body tense up and she quit breathing for a minute. The more my body pumped semen into her belly, the more her pussy clamped down on my hard cock. I held her tight despite the aching in my arms, shoulders, back and butt. I closed my eyes and relished the feeling of her body as it shook and contracted around my hard shaft. I couldn't take it any more and collapsed forward, landing on her back and pushing her to the bed. 

Our breathing was labored and raspy. Our bodies were drenched in sweat. I knew I was crushing her but my arms just wouldn't work. I couldn't quite seem to muster enough strength to press my hands down on the mattress and lift my upper body off of LaTonia, so I reluctantly rolled over, off of her. We lay there for a few minutes in the dim light of the room, regaining our breath and our strength.

I was the first to move as I rolled off the bed. Slowly, I got us both cleaned up and then put the food away. I hoped she didn't want to be taken back to her car right then. I was really hoping to get to know LaTonia a little better in the morning. I got my answer when I stepped back into the bedroom after cleaning the kitchen. Just as I walked in, the bathroom door opened up and there stood LaTonia. Her long dark hair was combed out and she was wearing a black silk baby doll chemise with spaghetti straps over her sexy, brown shoulders. It was just long enough to cover her delicious round hips and her taut upper legs.

She walked, or should I say glided, over to the bed, pulled the covers back and crawled onto the mattress. She looked absolutely breathtaking. I didn't waste a moment. If she was staying, I was spending as much time in bed with this lady as I could. I quickly walked over to the bed and crawled in beside her. She looked me in the eye and said, "We both need to get some sleep. I've set the alarm clock to wake us up early so that we can play a little bit before you have to take me back to my car." She gave me a kiss and then rolled over, spooning up to my body. Her short baby doll rode up over her hips and I was treated with the feel of a soft, warm naked ass pressed up against my groin. I lay down onto my side and draped my right arm over her body. She grabbed my hand and tucked it up against her chest, between her ample breasts. Her body, wrapped in the black silk, felt amazing as she pressed up against me. 

Just before I faded off to sleep, I took a deep breath and whispered into her ear, "Beautiful LaTonia. I feel like the luckiest man on the face of the earth. Please don't read too much into this but I could probably get to like this treatment for quite some time. I want to see you on a more formal basis. I want to be able to see you and take you out in public. When I come back this way next week, let's figure out how we can do this without getting you into trouble."

She sighed softly and said a simple, "Ok. I'd like that very much." Then we were both off to sleep.

I don't know how long we had been asleep or what time it was, but when I woke up I knew exactly where I was and who I was with. I didn't move, knowing that she must be asleep. I lay there in the dark hotel room listening to her soft, steady breathing. I could smell the vanilla musk from her shampoo and body lotion. My chest was pressed up against her warm, smooth back. My hand was still tucked between her firm breasts and her amazing ass was pressed firmly against my groin. Our legs were entwined as I closed my eyes and fell back to sleep. I was thinking how lucky I was to have found such a wonderful, beautiful, sexy, loving and sensuous young woman.

A while later I awoke, once again; not sure about the time but again, knowing where I was. I actually felt really good, considering all of the exercise LaTonia and Shanthai had given me just a few hours earlier. This time LaTonia wasn't just quietly, steadily breathing. It took me a moment to realize that she was slowly rocking her body back and forth against mine. My right hand, the one that was once tucked between her warm breasts, was now placed directly on her left tit. LaTonia's hand was covering mine, using it to massage her breast. 

My semi-erect cock was comfortably nestled between her warm, firm ass cheeks. She was slowly rocking her body back and forth, rubbing her ass against my inflating cock. I didn't hinder her, nor did I help her. I wanted to see what she was planning to do. Now that I was awake though, my cock sprung to full attention. LaTonia released my hand from her grip. I figured she knew I was awake so I continued to slowly and tenderly rub her tits. Her nipples were hard as I pinched them through the silk material.

Next, I felt her hand as she slipped it between our bodies. I moaned when she wrapped her warm hand around my stiff shaft. She moved her body slightly forward and then pulled my cock downward. She lifted her leg and I felt her wet, slippery pussy as she rubbed the swollen head of my cock across her lips. She didn't waste much time and before I knew it, she let go of my shaft and was backing into me while my aching cock slowly invaded her hot body. 

Still lying on my left side, I couldn't use my left arm or hand so I let go of her breast and slid my right hand down her side, to her bare hip. I pulled her to me and pressed my stomach against her ass. Her body felt amazing. I slid my fingertips up under her chemise. I felt the hardness of her stomach and then the soft, ample swell of her breasts. She placed her hand on top of mine, the silky material sliding between our hands. I massaged her tits as she started to rock her hips back and forth against me. 

We started to work into a nice rhythm when she turned her head slightly and said, "Let me know when you're ready, I want to feel you buried deep in my ass." 

I didn't need coaxing and replied, "Sweetheart, I could stay here all day but as you can tell I'm ready, willing and able to do whatever you want, whenever you want it." LaTonia turned a little more, leaned towards me and we kissed. Her sweet, wet tongue entered my mouth and I returned the gesture. 

We continued to kiss for a few minutes when she pulled away. Without moving enough to cause my cock to slip out of her body, she reached over to the bedside stand and grabbed a plastic tube of lubricant. She handed it to me and said, "Put this in my ass, but don't you dare let your cock slip from my pussy. I like it just where it's at, for now." It was challenging but I was able to do it. I pushed as much of the lubricant jelly around her little pink rosebud. I even managed to slowly slip a finger into her tight little hole to warm her up.

Next, she pulled her legs up against her body so that her knees were pressed against her chest. I saw what she was wanting and wrapped my arms around her, rolling her over so that she was face-down on the bed. Her knees were still under her body and my legs were stretched out behind us. She looked over her shoulder and said, "Pull it out of my pussy and gently slip that beautiful purple cock head into the crack of my ass. Don't shove it in, just play with me and tease me for a few minutes." I didn't need to be told twice; I just looked down into those amazing brown eyes and smiled.

I pulled my knees up so that my thighs wrapped around her soft ass. I tucked my feet in and pressed my knees down into the mattress, straightening up my torso. I looked down and watched as my cock slowly slid from her hot, steamy pussy. The light brown skin of her round soft ass was a very sexy contrast to my white, hot, wet cock. We both breathed a big sigh when my hard purple head slipped from between her lips. I reached down and grabbed my slippery wet shaft and directed the head at her tiny pink opening. I pressed forward just slightly and watched as her skin tightened up and then relaxed. Her brown cheeks surrounded my swollen purple head. I slowly pulled back and watched my cock emerge from her body. 

There was a drop of lubricant stuck to the end of my shaft so I guided my cock upward slightly, just above her anus and pressed forward, using my cock head to spread the lube up her crack. I pushed it all the way forward until my balls were pressing against her pussy. I pushed forward a little bit further as they slipped across her swollen wet lips and then across her anus and up the crack separating her beautiful cheeks. I held my breath and paused for just a brief moment before slowly backing up, dragging my balls down her crack and stopping with my shaft nestled warmly between her cheeks.

Placing both of my hands on her hips, I filled my hands with her soft fleshy skin and pulled her cheeks together, wrapping my cock in her warmth. I continued to slowly pull back. I pressed my thumb down on the top of my shaft as it slid back down her crack. When the tip of my cock was centered just above her anus, I pressed down and then pushed slightly forward. LaTonia froze. Her labored breathing stopped and we both just sat there. She started to push back against me but I remembered her orders to tease her for a while and I didn't think enough time had passed.

I quickly backed out, releasing my cock from her tiny little hole. I used my hand to slip the tip down her taint and stopped with my head just inside the puffy, swollen folds of her outer lips. LaTonia let out a loud gasp as I slowly pushed my hips forward, rubbing my cock head against her wet swollen pussy lips. Her body tensed up as my cock brushed against her clit. As soon as her ass pressed against my stomach, I slowly started to pull back, dragging the purple head against her clit and down, separating her sensitive outer lips. I didn't know how many more times I would be able to do this without totally unleashing a cum bath on this hot babe but I was willing to try to tease her bad enough to uncork the savage beast that I knew was lurking beneath the surface of her soft brown sexy skin.
