 I spotted her almost as soon as she entered the bar. Naturally, I did the man-type check out. First, breasts, not bad, about 34 C cups, nicely flaring hips; slim waist; long tapered legs; slim ankles; small feet. Then I looked at her face. She was cute in an anime kind of way. She had long semi-curly blond hair that hung half way to her waist. I was hypnotized. She saw me checking her out and she smiled at me. 

She sort of floated up to me. "Hi," she said.

"Wow," I replied.

"You've got a nice complexion and a really good build. I like your hair too," she said.

"You mean you were checking me out?" I mumbled.

"Well, I had to do something while you were checking me out."

Uh oh. An alarm bell was ringing in my subconscious. It said, be careful stupid. She's probably a lot smarter than you are!

"Would you like a drink?" I managed to croak.

"Okay, I'll have a Strawberry Daiquiri," she answered.

"Let's go get a table," I suggested. I took her arm and escorted her to a table in the corner.

I ordered our drinks and smiled at her. The longer I looked at her, the more beautiful she became. We slowly sipped our drinks. About half way down on mine I asked her, "Would you go to dinner with me?"

"You move kind of fast, don't you?" she answered.

"I don't want to scare you; I would just like to get to know you better. I think you are absolutely beautiful and you are easy to talk to. I've never met a girl who just immediately had me spellbound. I want to know you a lot better," I pleaded.

"Is this a date?" she asked.

"It is if you go to dinner with me," I replied.

"It's a date then. Where are you taking me?"

"Do you like seafood?"

"I love seafood."

"We'll go to Ivar's!"

"Okay. Is their seafood good?"

"It's the best in Seattle." So we were off to Ivar's. It was about a ten minute drive and I watched her carefully all the way there. Again, the longer I watched, the better she looked.

We parked under the viaduct and sprinted across the road into the restaurant. "I'd like a table with an ocean view," I told the waitress.

As we perused the menu I noticed that she would look at me every now and then and smile. Then she would drop her eyes back to the menu. It was kind of disturbing, not knowing why she was smiling at me.

"This is going to sound strange, but I didn't get your name back in the bar," I said.

"That's because I didn't give it to you," she replied.

"Well since we are on our first date, don't you think it's time to enlighten me?"

"Sure. My name is Sandy Taylor. What's yours?"

"I'm Duncan Bradford. I think Sandy is a very pretty name. What do you want to do after dinner?"

"If it's not too late, we could take the foot ferry to Bremerton and back."

"That's kind of unusual. Okay, let's do it."

We ordered the food and ate slowly. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her and she caught me staring several times. She maintained a constant smile or maybe it was a smirk. I didn't know and I didn't care. I was just happy to be with her.

After dinner we walked down the water front and caught the ferry. She stood on the foredeck with the wind blowing her hair. I thought she was absolutely spectacular. When we went back inside and sat down my heart was pounding. Her hand found mine. I thought I might have a heart attack. It was so soft and smooth. I looked at her. Her eyes met mine and for a minute I thought/hoped she was going to kiss me.

We got off the ferry and strolled downtown. It was a warm evening with a light breeze coming off the inlet. "We'll have to come here in a car and make a day of it sometime," I ventured.

She squeezed my hand. "That sounds good. When do you want to do it?"

I had no idea that she would even consider the proposal. "Soon, very soon," I croaked.
 We slowly walked back to the ferry dock. The ferry from Seattle was just docking. I got our tickets and we boarded. "This was a good idea," I remarked, "Do you often take your dates on a boat ride?"

"Only the ones I am a little afraid of."

"You're afraid of me? Why would you be afraid of me?"

"You seem a bit fast and precocious," she answered.

"I didn't mean to scare you. In fact, I'm intimidated by you," I replied.

"Intimidated by me? Why? What did I do?"

"You were just you. Do you have any idea how beautiful you are? You look like a playboy playmate. I was almost too shy to talk to you back in the bar. Now I'm glad I did. How many boyfriends are snuffling up your tracks?"

"There isn't anyone snuffling up my tracks. Most boys just want to herd me into the sack. You didn't seem the type."

"I don't want you to get the wrong impression. I would love to sleep with you sometime but it is too early in our relationship for that. We have to get to know each other a lot better."

She put her arms around me and there on the foredeck of the Bremerton/Seattle ferry we shared our first kiss. "Do you have any idea what you are doing to me?" I panted.

"Well, yeah. I can feel it," she giggled.

My erection was poking her tummy. "Oh damn! I'm so sorry!" I whined.

"Don't worry about it. If it wasn't that way I might think I was ugly or something."

"You're definitely not ugly. Where do you work?"

"I'm a student at the U. I'm in the master's program. How about you?"

"I'm employed by Microsoft. I'm a programmer."

"Oh, you must be smart. How long have you been a programmer?"

"Since I graduated college two years ago. I doubt I'm smarter than you though. You seem to know exactly what you're doing and I'm just sort of stumbling around."

We exchanged addresses and phone numbers. I walked her back to her car and she kissed me again, this time with much more feeling. Then she was gone. I couldn't get her out of my mind. It was driving me crazy. I dreamed about her that night. I called her the next day.

"Hi Sandy how are you doing?"

"I'm fine. Is this Duncan?"

"Yes. I can't get you out of my mind. Would you go out with me next weekend?"

She giggled into the phone. "Sure, what did you have in mind? Could we go to Port Angeles? I haven't been there in a long time," she answered in a husky voice.

Of course I was sunk. My lips were trembling as I said, "Sure, we can go anywhere you want."

"Okay Duncan, why don't we leave Saturday morning and come back Sunday night?"

I damned near fainted when the implications of her suggestion finally soaked into my dull little brain. "You want to stay overnight in Port Angeles?"

"Well yeah, do you want to stay overnight?"

"Yes, yes of course. It'll give us a chance to get better acquainted."

"That's what I was thinking. Also it'll give us a chance to be alone."

"I'll pick you up at seven Saturday morning."

"Do I hear heavy breathing?" she chirped.

"It's a wonder you hear any breathing at all. I can't wait. I'll see you then. Bye"

"Bye."

I danced around my living room. Talk about luck! It just didn't get any better than that. The week crawled by like a drop of honey running down an icicle. I was nervous, half expecting her to call me and tell me the deal was off. 

She did call on Friday night. "Are you ready to go," her voice tinkled into the phone.

"Oh yeah, I haven't slept all week. I can't wait to see you again."

"I'm kind of anxious too. I'll see you in the morning. Bye"

I was so happy I almost had an orgasm standing there with the phone in my hand.

I spent half the night scrubbing my body and selecting clothes. I had seldom gone on trips with women and never with one this desirable. I set my two alarm clocks and tried to sleep. Sleep wasn't working out that well. All I could see when I closed my eyes was her. Finally, totally exhausted, the sand man claimed me. It seemed like I had just shut my eyes when the alarms went off. I jumped out of bed and took another quick shower, picked up my tote bag and headed for the car.

I got lost on my way to her place but I was saved by Onstar. She was ready and waiting for me when I arrived. "Good morning," she greeted.

"Good morning," I replied.

She tossed her bag in the back seat and we were off to the ferry pier. The ferry took us to Bremerton and we had breakfast there. By the time we finished breakfast I was a nervous wreck. I couldn't figure out why she had suggested this trip on only our second date.

"I have a confession to make," she said, "Remember when I told you I was afraid of you? Well, that was a lie. I was actually afraid of me. I was afraid of my feelings for you."

"I didn't lie," I told her. "I am still intimidated by you. I couldn't stop thinking about you all week."

"Well. When I see something I want, I do everything I can to get it. I knew when I first saw you that we could be good together. You are very good looking yourself and you're a good kisser. Don't be intimidated. I like you a lot." She leaned over and kissed me.

I damned near wrecked the car. Luckily, Sequim wasn't too far ahead of us. We stopped for lunch at the Three Crabs. They had superior seafood. Then we hit the road for Port Angeles.

"I hope you don't mind," she said, "but I made reservations for us at a hotel on the waterfront."

"Mind? I should have thought of that myself. Just show me the way."

Thirty minutes later we were checking in. The reservations were for Mr. and Mrs. Bradford. My heart did a double back flip. By the time we got to the room I was panting. My heart was pounding. We went into the room and sat on the bed.

"I have another confession to make," she said.

"What is it? You're really a man?"

"No, silly" she giggled. "Meeting you in that bar was no accident. I've been watching you for weeks."

"You stalked me?" I muttered.

"Yeah."

"Why would you do that?" I inquired.

"Well, see, it's this way. Several months ago I noticed that something inside me was ticking. It turned out to be my biological clock. I looked at several men in the area and none of them even came close to you. They all lie to women just to get them into the sack. They are all unfaithful to them once they've scored. I was about to give up when I spotted you."

"What was so different about me?"

"Well, you were honest. You didn't have a herd of sluts following you around. You didn't drink a lot. And quite frankly, you were better looking than the others. By the time I decided to try to meet you, I had almost fallen in love with you.That's why I seemed to move so fast. I've known you for quite a while. By the time I got to meet you, I was too far gone. Can you ever forgive me?" she sniffled.

:"Now Sandy, don't cry. I'm flattered that a totally wonderful female would show that much interest in me."

She melted into my arms. "I am so relieved. I thought that you might just get up and leave after I confessed. What shall we do now?"

"We could start with a kiss and see what develops," I suggested.

She smiled at me and crushed my body to hers. She was feeling me as I was feeling her. We were panting into each other, her sweet breath capturing my soul. I felt her tongue probe my lips. I opened up and sucked her in. She moaned as our tongues met in the prelude to our mating dance. She slowly stripped my shirt from me. One of my nipples suddenly was in her mouth. It was driving me insane. I pulled her sweater from her and released her bra. Her breasts were beautiful, plump, ripe, ready for eating so I sucked one of them into my mouth and felt the nipple erect.

I rubbed the other breast and felt her hand on my thigh. She slid it upward until it contacted my engorged member. She squeezed it through the pants. "Get those off," she ordered.

We stood up together. She neatly unzipped her skirt and dropped it on a chair. I clumsily fumbled around with my pants until she finally swatted my hands away and took them off for me. I pulled her panties off and she slid my boxers down to the floor. We fell together on the bed in a tangled pile of arms and legs. My erection was rubbing her tummy. I could just whiff the aroma of her excited pussy. 

"I have to eat you!" I stammered pathetically.

"Please, be my guest," she whispered in happy anticipation.

I couldn't resist nibbling on her feet and legs. I left a little wet trail up the inside of her thighs. The closer I got to my prize, the more overwhelming the aroma grew until I could no longer maintain any semblance of sanity. I pounce on her pussy and inhaled the whole scrumptious unit. She tasted like a little drop of heaven. I licked her from bottom to top and then grasped her clit in my lips and licked it rapidly.

Her legs slammed shut as she tried to levitate off the bed. A low keening whine came from her lips. "Oh god yes!" she cried, "Don't ever stop. Lick it faster!"

Bending to the task, my tongue played a rough tattoo on her sensitive little bud. She tasted so good! I knew I was going to be a slave doing whatever she demanded.

Pussy juice was everywhere. "Enough!" she whispered. "Let's do it now!"

I reluctantly left her wonderful pussy behind and inched my way up her body kissing and nibbling as I went. When I reached her lips I felt her hand guiding my cock into her wet receptacle. "This belongs to me now," she whispered.

I knew she was right and I embraced the concept as I sank into her hot, slick tunnel. The world went away. I was in a happier, warmer place. Her arms held me tightly to her as we started our dance of love. I could feel her nipples rubbing my chest hairs. 

"Oh Duncan, I love you," she whispered.

Amazingly, I whispered, "I love you too."

"I want your baby," she whispered.

"Okay," I whispered.

"Faster, faster, faster," she groaned.

Soon I was at maximum speed. Her legs wrapped around my body holding me in a tight love embrace.

"I'm gonna cum," she cried.

Her pussy started a deep massage on our cock. It was more than I could stand and right in the middle of her orgasm I shot a gallon of sperm laced semen into her. She kept me clamped to her while we both wound down from the heights of ecstasy.

As sanity returned, we uncoupled and lay there panting in each others arms. "Nothing has ever been that good," I puffed.

"Yeah, it was amazing," she breathed back.

"Let's get a shower and do it again," she suggested.

"Yes maam. I really am in love with you, you know," I told her.

"I'm in love with you too. It's all part of my plan," she chuckled.

"Are you gonna tell me about this plan?" I asked.

"You are the plan," she answered, "I have tracked you down and now you are mine forever. We'll make a home together. We have a lot to discuss. But right now, let's get that shower and do it again."

We wandered hand in hand to the bathroom and got into the shower. The stinging needles of water felt great as they washed the fatigue from our bodies. I soaped her body paying particular attention to her nipples and her pussy. She moaned her approval at my carnal gestures. She soaped me up paying a lot of attention to my cock and ball set.

"If you keep rubbing it like that there won't be any baby for you. You'll have to scrape it off the shower curtain."

"Eww, you don't have to be so gross! You are right though. I want it in me, not on me."

We stumbled back to the bed. "Of course you realize this means the end of my bachelorhood, don't you?"

"Did you just ask me to marry you?"

"Hmm, well I guess I did. Will you marry me?"

"My plan is now complete! We'll do the paperwork as soon as we get back to Seattle. Now get over here and put another log in my fire. I am feeling especially fertile!"

Men just don't pass up invitations like that, so I pounced on her and she opened her legs. I took one look at her beautiful pussy and then drove my dick into her as far as I could. She squealed and humped against me. 

"Oh yeah! Gimme that cock! Give it all to me!" she screamed. We must have fucked a hundred times that night. When we finished I was a mess, she was a mess and the bed was shot. I had been caught in her neatly laid trap, but I was more than ready to join the legion of the happy suckers.