 Chapter 4: Sharing Shannon

Kyle's trips to San Diego seemed to be getting more and more exciting. He hadn't expected this week to be quite as thrilling as his previous trip, when he fucked a sexy, voluptuous brunette and then her older, vivacious business partner the following day.

He was wrong. This trip had proven to be just as wild. The first day, his business contact, Jeff invited him to his house, where Kyle met Monica, Jeff's attractive wife. The dinner turned into a hot evening fucking Monica and sharing her with Jeff. It was an experience Kyle never would have dreamed of. It was far more enjoyable than he expected.

The next day was hum-drum by comparison, and by the third day, Kyle was beginning to think his crazy adventure was done and he could expect nothing more than weeks of mind-numbing meetings.

"So, Kyle," said Jeff as he was packing up after his last meeting. "I'm glad you came the other day."

Kyle looked at him blankly before cracking a smile.

"Sorry," said Jeff. "I couldn't resist."

"I had a really good time," replied Kyle.

"Good, because Monica hasn't stopped talking about you and I'm wondering if you're interested in a little one-on-one with her tonight."

Kyle found it difficult not to get too excited. "I think I'd..."

"I can see you're interested. I'll set it up. I'm inviting Shannon from our Seattle office and I'll be entertaining her tonight. Monica can expect you tonight, then?"

"I... Yes. What time?"

Kyle arrived at 8:00 and Monica greeted him at the front door wearing nothing but a translucent robe. She leaned forward and kissed him, then grabbed his hand and led him inside.

He could hear sounds coming from the living room. It was the sound of a woman moaning. Monica smiled. "That's Shannon. Jeff is fucking her right now. Want to see?" She didn't wait for an answer and led Kyle to the living room doorway.

Jeff knelt at one end of the couch, his big cock sliding in and out of a blonde woman. Shannon looked to be in her mid twenties. Her hair was cut to the top of her neck and curled in different directions. On her left arm, from the shoulder to the elbow, she sported an intricate tattoo. She moaned and cried out as Jeff furiously pumped her pussy.

Kyle's cock was at full attention. Monica took notice. She knelt and unfastened his pants, grabbing hold of his erection and beginning to suck it. Kyle watched Shannon's sexy body wriggle as Jeff thrust into her and sucked on her nipples.

"Oh, yes!" she cried. "Fuck me."

Monica stood and began to unbutton Kyle's shirt. "Now that you're horny, maybe we should move this into the bedroom," she said.

Kyle followed her to the bedroom, where she dropped her robe and lied on her back. He finished unbuttoning his shirt, cast it to the side and proceeded to remove his pants.

He climbed onto the bed between Monica's spread legs, kissed her and worked his cock into her pussy.

"Mmm," she said, running her fingers down his back and grabbing his ass. She held on as Kyle fucked. "Your cock feels so good inside me." Kyle alternated between fast and slow thrusts, letting his hands wander across Monica's skin.

The sound of Jeff and Shannon's fucking in the living room had died down, but Monica's panting and moaning filled the bedroom. "You are so hot," said Kyle as he repeatedly slid in and out.

He could feel Monica's body tense, even as his own began to. They climaxed simultaneously, and Kyle closed his eyes, allowing the sensation to linger.

The sound of clapping broke him from his trance. He looked to the door, where Shannon stood, entirely nude, applauding lightly with a grin upon her face. "Mmm. Good work, you two," she commented.

"You like that, Shannon?" Monica asked as Kyle pulled out of her.

"Not quite as much as I enjoyed being fucked by your husband," countered the sexy blonde.

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself," said Monica, biting her lower lip. "It seems you owe me one."

Kyle watched as Shannon walked over to Monica, who sat up. Shannon reached out with her hands, letting her fingers trail down Monica's chest and over her nipples. "I hope that means what I think it means," said the blonde.

Monica reached up and ran her hand along the side of Shannon's breast. "You're so fucking gorgeous, Shannon. I can see why Jeff wanted to fuck you."

Shannon leaned down and kissed Monica. Kyle watched intently as the two women seemed to fall together in gentle slow motion back onto the bed. Their tongues battled between their joined mouths, and their hands roamed freely, exploring each other's feminine curves.

Kyle had always wanted to watch two women have sex, up close and personal. It didn't disappoint. The women rolled, Monica ending up on top of Shannon. The black-haired woman kissed down Shannon's neck and sucked on her nipples, one by one. She kept her hands on her breasts and continued downward, over her abdomen, as Shannon's legs parted.

Monica teased Shannon's clit with her tongue and then just dove in, furiously lapping and slurping, making sure to put pressure on Shannon's clit whenever possible. It was like pressing a button. Shannon's body wiggled and she panted. "Oh, baby, yes!"

Kyle watched Shannon climax and Monica climbed up the blonde's body to kiss her. Seeing that Kyle had recovered and was fully erect, she beckoned him over. The two women sat up. Monica grabbed onto Kyle's cock and sucked on it. She pulled her lips to the end, smiled at Shannon and held it for her to have a suck. "Mmm. Nice cock," the other woman commented before she slid her lips onto it.

Monica nuzzled her way in and Shannon let Monica share. Shannon sucked the end while Monica licked up the underside of his shaft. Kyle couldn't believe how good it felt.

Monica began to nibble on Shannon's earlobe, playfully. The hot blonde turned her attention to her black-haired counterpart and joined her in a passionate lesbian kiss.

Monica drifted backward and, as she did, Shannon kissed down her neck and over her perfect breasts. As she approached her pussy, Monica began to pant. "Kyle, I think Shannon's pussy needs something in it."

Shannon held her finger to Monica's clit. "Yes," said the blonde. "Put your big, hard cock inside me."

Kyle wasted no time, positioning himself behind Shannon and pressing his hard dick deep into her waiting pussy. She moaned into Monica's pussy as she lapped at it with her tongue. 

Each of Kyle's thrusts pushed Shannon's body forward and intensified the oral sex she gave to Monica. It brought the black-haired woman to climax very quickly. She sat up and guided Shannon to disengage from Kyle's cock long enough to switch positions. The blonde faced Kyle, straddling his lap and letting his cock slide in. Her face was wet from licking Monica's pussy and as she kissed him, he could taste the sweet juice of Monica's arousal.

Monica went behind Kyle and ran her hands over his body as he fucked Shannon. Kyle and Shannon were both very close to orgasm. "Oh, yes," said Monica. "Fuck her with that big hard cock. Cum inside her."

With that, Shannon let out a scream of pleasure and Kyle shot his load.

"Wow," said Kyle. "I have to say, Monica. No one knows how to treat a guest like you do."

Monica winked at him. "Just wait until next time. Things will get a whole lot more interesting."