 Several years ago, I received a call from a upset Travel Agent requesting assistance in making vacation plans for her guests. She was really upset since she had been on the phone with someone else who just hung up on her. I did my best to calm her down so that I could understand her. I finally got her to laugh, which must have broken the ice, since she started talking really nice. Needless to say, I was able to get her guests vacation all setup. Being I could not stay on the phone much longer, I ended the call with "I hope to be talking to you again.".

Over time, we spoke many times and we got to do a little bit of flirting over the phone. One day, I got her e-mail address and we started emailing each other. At first the emails were just of general discussions, but over time they turned into sexual discussions. I got the impression while she was ok with her marriage, she wanted to flirt some to add extra spice into her live.

I tried several times to arrange meetings between us, but she really didn't seem to want to go there. Finally one day she told me that she was coming down on a combination business trip / vacation. I nearly jumped out of my chair, but settled down, when she said she was bringing her teenage daughter with her.

I knew from talking to her, that her husband did not like coming to the theme parks, so I knew that I would have to find away for her to be away from her daughter. They were coming down during Universal's Halloween Horror Nights and she wanted me to go with them one night. 

When she opened the door to her hotel room, my heart jumped a beat. I had seen several pictures of her, but they did not do her justice. She looked like Farah Fawcett, except with a sexier smile. She was wearing tight jeans with a blouse tied just above her waist and light jacket on. Her heels made her tight butt stand tall and her hair just bounced in the air when she moved.

It turned out that her daughter was with some friends of the family, so we were going to Horror Night's ourselves. While I didn't know how she felt about this, I knew I was going to have to be real careful - otherwise I was going to blow any chance I had of bedding this women.

Here I was with a 48 year old, 120 lb, dynamite blonde. She stood 5 ft 6 inches with measurements of 35C-25-34. She was in excellent shape since she worked out at home - sometimes even while she was on the phone making vacation reservations for her clients.

She asked me in and offered me a drink. It took all of my strength to not jump her right then an there. It was early, so we decided to get a small bite to eat and then go to the park.

While waiting in line to get into the park, she never saw the Scarecrow that come up to her. When she turned around and the Scarecrow was right next to her - she screamed so loud that security actually thought something happened.

Everyone, including her, got a good laugh out of it - but the best part was that she hugged me the entire time Security talked to us. During the conversation with Security, she actually said she was glad that her husband was with her, else she would have fallen on the ground in shock. I told her that everything was ok now and started to give her what I thought would be just a quick kiss on the check.

Instead she turned her head some and grabbed me as proceeded to drive her tongue into my mouth. We kissed for several minutes, until Security had us move along.

Several times during the evening we kissed each other and a couple of times, I was able to get a feel of her tits. The first time, I discovered she didn't have a bra on, made me want to try as often as possible. She never attempted to stop me, except the times when I tried to get her to leave the park sooner then she wanted to. I started to think that this was just going to be a Tease Night instead of a Please Night.

It finally got to be closing time and we had to leave. As we both had been drinking some during the night, she informed that since driving was not in my best interest, I could stay overnight in her hotel room (suite) - on the sleeper sofa. I figured going back to her room would at least give me one last chance.

When we got back to the room, there was a voice mail from her daughter telling her that she was going to stay at the family friends house since it was on the other side of town.

She poured drinks for each of us and then setup the sleeper sofa for me to sleep in. As I was getting tired anyway and had been drinking, I figured why not sleep here. Blue balls were better then a DWI any day. She left saying she was going to change and would be right out. 

She walked out just as I was finishing my drink. I spit out what was in my mouth as I saw her. She was wearing a silky black negligee that stopped just above her belly button, showing her navel ring. This with matching small black panties and a long black robe. She leaned against the door frame and just smiled at me.

For a few seconds I was frozen in place and couldn't get a word out. Then she walked over to me, leaned over and whispered "do you think you can handle this". I reached up, pulled her mouth to me and kissed her. This forced her into my lap which allowed me to play with those tits of her. She started undoing my shirt and rubbing my chest.

I rolled her over and laid her down on the sofa and dove my face in between her legs. I wanted to taste those juices that I had long thought about. I lifted her bottom up to remove her panties. What I saw was fantastic. She had trimmed her golden blonde hair into the shape of a heart and her pussy lips seemed to be moving as if blowing me kisses. I kissed the outside of each lip and then slide my tongue up and down the length of her pussy several times. I could hear her moaning how good that felt and knew that my first thoughts of the night were all wrong - this was going to be a Pleasure Night.

I played with her clit for several minutes while I also massaged her tits and pinched her nipples. She was moaning loaded now, saying she was going to come. I drove my tongue in and out of her pussy, moving it around while it was inside her. She pushed her pussy into my mouth has she climaxed. She tasted wonderful. As she settled down, I stood up and removed the rest of my clothes and then helped her out of hers.

I told her I was going to make her scream with pleasure, but not on the sofa. I picked her up and carried her to the bed. There I laid her down and took one of her nipples into my mouth. I flipped my tongue on it several times before going over to her other nipple. While I was doing this, I also was pumping two fingers in and out of her dripping pussy. 

She started stroking my dick. I moved to kiss her, but she said she wanted to drain my dick dry. With that I laid on the bed and she laid on top of me in a 69 position. I wanted to play with her pussy some more, but the fantastic feelings from what she was doing to be made that impossible.

She kissed all my dick all over, sucked each of my balls into her mouth to the extent I thought I would loose them. She then licked up my dick till she reached the tip. Some pre cum was there, which she wiped up with her finger. She leaned over towards one side so I could she her suck her finger dry. Then she proceeded to slowly take my dick into her mouth. 

She was good. She would go down several inches and then come back up to the tip. She would suck on the tip and then go down just a little further then the last time. She was getting her mouth used to me while at the same time giving me tremendous pleasure. The whole time she held me at my base with one hand and played with my balls with the other hand. I told her that as much as I loved what she was doing, I wanted to explode in her pussy.

She rolled over and spread her legs apart. I kneeled on the bed and drove my dick all the way into her waiting pussy. I stayed there for a few seconds cause I wanted to remember the feeling of her tightening her pussy lips around my dick. At first I slowly pumped in and out of her, then I went faster and faster. We were both getting closer. She was begging me to keep going as she lifter her legs in the air. I grabbed hold of her thighs and pumped for all I was worth. I felt her spasm, just as I started to pour into her. 

We were both spent so we laid down and fell asleep while hugging each. I woke up from what I thought was a wet dream, but in fact was real. She was sucking my dick getting me hard again. She stopped when she noticed that I was awake. 

She moved up to kneel over my standing tall dick and slowly lowered herself down. As my dick entered her she smiled and leaned forward to tell me that she wanted a repeat of last night. Then she sat up and started going up and down on me. Her hair was flying all over while her tits bounced around. She lean forward so that she could put her hands down on my chest. This angle must have felt real good, cause she started really moaning. I started thrusting up with every downward stroke of hers. Her juices just kept on running down my shaft as she climaxed again and again. Her breathing got faster and I knew she was reaching a point I bet she had never had before. She sat up on a downward stoke as I drove into her reaching areas inside her no one had reached before. She screamed YES as we both exploded. 

She laid her head down on my chest as we both attempted to catch our breath. My dick had other plans, since it was still hard. Staying inside her took some effort, but I slowly moved in and out of her. After a few minutes of this, she looked at me and said she wanted to finish what she started last night.

She moved off of me, kissed the tip of my dick and then took my whole length into her mouth. I felt her throat area and knew that I would not last long. She was going up and down as fast as she could while at the same time she was massaging my balls. I could feel them tightening up again and told her to get ready. To this she pulled back until just the tip was in her mouth. She did some quick sucking of the tip, licked it with her tongue and dove down. As I felt her lips touch my balls, I blew everything I had left down her throat. She took all of what I gave her and released me with a pop.

The phone rang and it was her daughter calling to make sure she was up since she was on her way back from the friends place.

I got dressed and left. We have talked several times since, but neither of us has brought up what happened. Though the other day her email said that her daughter was trying to get them to come down at the end of August so who knows.