 A deep breath, long pale fingers smoothing down jade green satin over the curve of a hip. Hand trembling slightly as she reached for the glass of champagne. She was aware that soft tendrils of red hair were already escaping from the pins, framing her face, coiling lightly against the nape of her neck. Other than that the social mask of smoky shadow highlighting green eyes, a lip bitten red gloss glistening on her pinned on smile was in place.

Pink tongue tip flicking over her full lower lip as she raised the glass, taking more than a sip before turning to her companion. 

He hadn't even noticed her momentary distraction and had carried on talking. Delightful Jonny, so very predictable in his conversation: the stock market, sailing, contracts and his latest conquests. A smile, a nod, a murmured "yes", or " oh really" all he required from his listener. The perfect dinner partner when her mind was on other things. 

These corporate affairs, always so dull, so necessary, so full of small talk and business. And later, when the alcohol had been flowing, flirtation. She'd been around the business long enough to know who to avoid when they were infused with alcohol. Jonny was safe.

Surupticiously scanning the room, a smiled greeting when she caught someone's eye. Another mouthful of champagne and she could feel the bubbles lightening her mood. Maybe this wouldn't be so difficult, maybe this tedious distraction was just what she needed for a few hours, before she slipped off quietly. Returning to an empty apartment that was so recently filled with laughter and now just echoed with memories.

Long lashes sweeping down as she momentarily closed her eyes, bit her lower lip hard, bruising the soft flesh. This was not the place to dwell on her anguish. Grasping Jonny's arm, her mask of professionalism back in place, 

" So what do you think of the stock options?", her voice soft and low. 

His opinions on this issue would probably take her through the main course of dinner at least. The words washing over her as they seated themselves at the table, quick smiles and nods of acknowledgement to their fellow diners. 

The table for eight had almost it's full complement, only one seat was empty, the one to her left. Glancing briefly at the name card, feeling slightly surprised that she didn't recognise the name. Maybe she'd missed someone joining the company. With all that had been going on over the last few weeks, she knew that she hadn't been as focused on work as she usually would have been.

Glancing to acknowledge the arrival of the 'stranger' as he took his seat, her gaze caught by his. What must have been no more than a moment felt like longer. His dark copper coloured eyes so intense. She heard his voice as he greeted the occupants of the table, but not his words. That voice like a soft caress brushing over her skin. Reaching for her wine glass to dispel the mood, her fingers trembling, cheeks flushed. 

As he adjusted himself in his seat his thigh pressed briefly against hers. Pulling back sharply as if she'd been burned, aware of his eyes on her face, the rapid rise and fall of her breasts, the stiffening of her nipples. The response of her body after so many months of holding back, a damn being breached, the wetness between her thighs soaking into the black lace covering her pussy.

Unable to resist the urge to touch his warm skin. Brushing her fingertips over the back of his hand. The tanned skin so dark in comparison with the stark white of the tablecloth. That frisson of electricity making her shiver, nipples so hard they ache, clit swollen and throbbing, echoing the beat of her heart. Grasping the fork, gripping the metallic shaft as his thigh pressed firmly against hers under the table. Responding this time, rubbing against him, returning the pressure. Wanting to push him back in his chair, pull up the skirt of her dress, rip his cock from the confines of his pants. The need to straddle him, thrusting down hard onto his cock, taking him ball deep, fucking him until she felt his hot cum filling her cunt. Shuddering at that thought, nails digging into her palm around the silver handle, she leaned over to Jonny, whispering that she needed some air. Standing on shaky legs she made her way to the side exit and out onto the terrace.

The coolness of the evening air a balm to her overheated flesh. Heels clicking on the stone paving disturbing the silence. Walking to the balustrade she rested her pale hands on the cold stone. A deep shuddering breath doing nothing to quell her hunger. Pressing her thighs against the hard surface in front of her, one hand raised to her breast, fingers tightening on the fullness of her flesh.

The scent of his cologne and the underlying tanginess of his skin assailing her nostrils. The warmth of his breath against the nape of her neck. An anguished moan as his lips brush her skin, the taught body hard against her back. The hand at her breast covered by his. One hand skimming over her body, grasping her dress to pull the slippery fabric up over her thighs. The cool air hitting her exposed skin, replaced by the heat of his hand stroking the black stocking top, the satin suspender strap. Plunging the hand at her breast into her dress, pushing the lacy bra aside, caressing the puckered nipple, squeezing it between thumb and forefinger, making her moan and push her hips back against his. Hard cock pressing into the softness of her arse cheeks. 

Thighs trembling as his fingers traced the outline of her pussy lips through lace soaked with her arousal. Pushing the sodden fabric between those swollen lips, the friction against her clit eliciting a moan, her body shuddering as orgasmic pleasure held her in it's grip. The walls of her cunt spasming, her body arching back against his, grinding her arse onto his cock.

Pushing the lace aside as her moans subsided, one finger teasing the tight, slick entrance to her cunt. 

An urgent "please" falling from her lips, the hunger for more. 

Thrusting hard and deep inside her, hot cunt walls gripping. Another finger added to the first, fucking her cunt harder and faster. Her head dropping back to rest against his shoulder, hips bucking against his hand, grinding against his cock, clamouring for release. The fingers thrusting into her soaking cunt, her nipple being twisted and tugged. That tightness in her stomach, the urgency of her hips fucking his hand. Thighs clamping together as her body shuddered, cunt clenching and spasming, cries of pleasure wrenched from her lips. His teeth biting into her neck as hot liquid cum coated his hand, the tops of her thighs. A rush of such intense pleasure as she came for him.

Pulling his fingers from her cunt, grazing the sensitive flesh of her clit, her body responding, shaking as orgasmic aftershocks suffused her body. Drawing his fingers over her parted lips, feeling her suck and lick at her juices. Then raising them to his own lips. The scent of her pleasure intoxicating, the taste full and sweet.

Her body resting against his as he slowly pulled down her dress, kissed the mark of his teeth on her neck. A soft caress and he was gone, leaving her trembling and hungering for more, so much more.