 Sunday:

I wake up around 8:30 with my usual morning hard-on. Charlene is on her side facing me and still slumbering but her hand is wrapped around my hard cock. I reach over and graze her breast with the back of my hand. I feel her nipple harden as her eyes flutter open.

I whisper, "Morning sleepyhead, I hope you got a good night sleep."

She looks down at her hand around my shaft and squeezes me. "I was dreaming I was holding night stick and running through a dark alley. I guess I know where I picked up the night stick. Mmmm, you are so hard already, I like that."

I smile and move in for a kiss. Charlene continues to squeeze my cock as we share a good morning kiss. She reaches down and rolls my balls around with her fingers.

She whispers, "I can take care of this in the shower. What do you say? I have plans for us all day today, and they include lots of orgasms. First, a shower and breakfast and then we'll see what we can figure out."

I let Charlene get up and use the bathroom first. In a few minutes I hear the shower start. I walk in and see Charlene already immersed in the streaming hot water. Steam fills the bathroom creating a warm, cozy environment for us.

I grab a washcloth, open the shower door and step inside. Charlene faces the cascading water with a soapy washcloth in hand. I press up against Charlene's back, push my cock into her full round ass and wrap my arms around her. Charlene's big breasts fill my hands. I pinch her stiff nipples slick with soapy bubbles while I plant little kisses around her neck and shoulder. 

She passes me the soap for my washcloth and I run the sudsy rag across Charlene's shoulders and down her spine. I stroke lower towards her full round bottom. I drop to my knees and rub Charlene's slick ass with more soap. She spreads her legs to allow me to wash her inner thighs. I move the sudsy cloth up each thigh and apply more pressure as I reach the deep crease formed by her round ass cheeks. I run my fingers up and down and pay close attention to her tight anal opening. I massage the small ring, eliciting a small moan from Charlene's lips.

Satisfied with my cleansing I rise up and again run my lips along her neck and shoulders kissing my way around her skin. Streams of water cascade over us. I reach around Charlene and hold her tits with my soapy hands. I lift each boob feeling the weighty mass and massage the underside of flesh. I use my fingers to tweak her hard nipples, rolling them around and around. 

Charlene leans back into me and I support her weight, she twists her head and our lips meet. It's a strong kiss which signals her growing arousal. Drops of water run down Charlene's heaving chest into the valley between her huge boobs. Water washes over her puffy raspberry colored areole and the rounded curve of each breast before falling to the shower floor.

She turns around to face me. We kiss as she adds more soap to her cloth and moves it around my chest. Charlene cleans my front and then lowers her hands down to the stiff appendage sticking out seven inches. She wraps the soapy cloth around my shaft and thoroughly cleans me. 

Charlene drops to her knees and moves the cloth around my balls cupping and squeezing. I spread my legs to give her more room to work. Satisfied with her progress she moves the washcloth up between my legs, along and between my ass cheeks. She guides a soapy finger up to my anal ring and presses it deep into my passage. She pushes up hard until her entire finger is buried in my ass. As she rotates her slick digit, my cock throbs. Charlene drops the washcloth on the floor and wraps her other hand around my dick. She slides her hand up and down the shaft. She can barely wrap her hand around my pulsing member. My cock feels thicker and harder than ever with her finger buried deep and searching out my prostate. 

I love watching her wet tits sway as she jacks me off. Her dark red nipples are hard and erect.

Charlene moves her hand to the base of my shaft and opens her mouth. She leans in and takes half my length in one swallow. Her mouth is hot and wet as she licks the underside of my cock. Water sprays over the two of us from the shower head above. I feel a strong suction on my shaft as Charlene backs off and releases me with a pop. She sucks me between her lips again and dips her head further taking more of my shaft into her mouth.

Charlene bobs up and down, sucking hard as she twists her finger in my ass. She coats the shaft with her saliva. She pumps the base of my cock as she sucks the remaining length. With her mouth pressed up against my groin, her hand grabs my balls. She squeezes them and rolls them around. I throb inside her mouth. I feel my climax building as she urges me on. My knees shake. She concentrates her sucking on the tip of my cock and pumps her fist up and down.

Charlene senses I am close and doubles her effort. She applies hard pressure to my cock and pistons her finger up and down in my tight sphincter. Her lips hold tight around my glans as several ropes of cum fill her mouth. With each release my hips rock and jerk. Charlene keeps her lips wrapped around me as she pumps my shaft milking more jizm from the tip.

She releases my shaft and swallows the entire load, savoring the taste and texture of my cum. Charlene looks up at me,"Mmm, I could enjoy that all day." 

It then dawns on me that this is my first blow-job from Charlene. She licks her lips and stands up. We hug and her naked tits press into my chest. We kiss passionately for several minutes before coming up for air. I taste myself in her mouth and on her tongue.

It's now my turn to return the favor. I drop to my knees and stare directly at Charlene's puffy outer lips and thin crease that hides her treasures. I reach around her lower body and grip her ass pulling her pussy close to my waiting mouth. I snake my tongue and lick up the wet slit causing Charlene to shudder. I apply more pressure and spread her pink inner labia. I squeeze her ass cheeks and press my tongue deeper into Charlene's pussy lapping up the mixture of girl juice and water.

Charlene's legs tremble as her climax builds. It doesn't take long in this sex crazed shower. I'm amazed we still have warm water spraying down on us. I hold her tight to keep her from collapsing. My tongue goes into overdrive and I move it quickly and forcefully within Charlene's folds. Each time I move my tongue up; I touch Charlene's clit, driving her toward a rousing orgasm. I press my face tight against Charlene's cunt and push my tongue deep into Charlene's gash sending her over the edge. 

"I'm there Rob, I'm there. Feels so good."

Charlene nearly collapses against me. I hold her tight around her ass to keep Charlene from falling to the shower floor. Her body shakes and trembles for several minutes; her climax surging from her head to toe.

Several minutes pass before Charlene regains her footing and stands alone. Her satisfaction is apparent. I stand up and we enjoy a sweet kiss sharing Charlene's cum. We are temporarily sated and shut off the water. 

We reach for towels and take our time drying each other. I concentrate on her tits, while she makes sure my cock and balls are completely dry. I move the towel down over her round tummy and smooth mons. She spreads her legs giving me room to dry her sweet pussy and voluptuous ass. As I lean down to dry her lower body my lips search out her rosy red nipples. I suck each one and kiss her puffy areole while I finish drying her off.

We check each other to make sure we are completely dry and walk out of the bathroom, leaving the towels on the floor. Charlene walks over to the chair to get her robe and puts it on. It's obvious she just showered as her hair is still damp and clings to her face. She is absolutely gorgeous in my eyes.

"I need to go back to my room to finish getting ready for breakfast. I need to comb my hair and brush my teeth. Give me 20 minutes and then come get me."

She retrieves her vibrator from the bathroom counter and puts it in the brown bag.

"Give me your Fleshlight and I'll put it with Max. I plan to use it on you later."

I pull it out of the nightstand drawer and hand it to her. Charlene grabs it from me, unscrews the top and mimics licking the opening. She raises her eyebrows and gives me an evil grin.

"Don't let me forget to tell you about my time with Leslie. She has the sweetest pussy. Now open the door and check to see if anyone is out in the hallway."

I open the door and stick my head out to check. It's all clear. Good thing, because they would have gotten an eyeful of my cock. I give Charlene the news and she scampers out the door to her room, kissing me on the cheek as she scoots by.

I need to brush my teeth and comb my hair too. I also need to put some clothes on, tidy up the room, put the chairs back and clean up any remnants from our sexcapades. As I go about my rounds I think of the past twelve hours. I watched my co-worker masturbate with her rabbit vibrator named Max. She watched me stroke my cock and send ropes of cum flying through the air. I ate her pussy and we fucked for the very first time. Not to mention we just took an incredible shower where she sucked me dry, swallowing all the cum I could muster before letting me attack her cunt and giving her the first orgasm of the day. I can only guess what Sunday has left in store.

I give Charlene 25 minutes before walking down to her room. I'm dressed in my Hawaiian shirt, flip-flops and cargo shorts, sans underwear I knock on the door, Charlene opens it and I walk inside. She is dressed and ready to go to breakfast; she looks amazing in her summer dress with thin spaghetti straps. Her breasts push out the material and create a nice view of cleavage. I would just as soon have breakfast up here, but she insists we need food to restore our energy. 

We take the elevator down and hold hands as we walk in to find a seat. It's another warm sunny day in Phoenix. The sun shines bright through the windows. Our server takes our order for eggs before we help ourselves to the breakfast bar. We load up on fruit and pastries and enjoy a leisurely breakfast as our libidos are momentarily satisfied. I tell her I really enjoyed our shower and could get used to it.

"Me too, I hope I didn't wear you out. I have much more planned for us and I doubt we'll get outside at all today. I hope you didn't have any sightseeing plans?"

I reassured Charlene that the only sightseeing would be done in her room and would be limited to five feet four inches. In my mind I also thought my sightseeing would include 34 Double-Ds, a tasty pussy and large bouncy ass. I feel my cock twitch as I think about her.

Actually, we do go outside for a while after breakfast. We walk around the gardens of the hotel soaking up some sun. I love watching Charlene's tits sway with each step she takes. I love that she doesn't wear a bra under her sundress.

We are back up in Charlene's room by 12:30. As soon as the door closes, Charlene pulls the straps on her dress off her shoulders and it flutters to the floor. 

"Wow, you don't waste anytime!"

"I like being naked in my hotel room. I guess I'm a bit of an exhibitionist that way. I bet you didn't know in all these years traveling together that I was always naked behind closed doors?"

"No I didn't. If I had known, I would have been knocking on your door a lot more."

Charlene pulled the bedspread off the bad and climbed on. She fluffed up the pillows and leaned back.

"Come join me, Rob."

I turn on the TV to find the music channel playing light rock for a little mood music in the background. I unbutton my Hawaiian shirt, kick off the plop-flops and drop the cargo pants all in one move. I join Charlene on the bed and put my arm around her; she drops her head to my shoulder. We lay in comfort for awhile not in any hurry as we have all day and the evening.

I start to get a little antsy as I can't just hold Charlene's naked body without wanting to suck her tits or finger her pussy. I move my free hand up to her left boob and knead the flesh. I move my fingers around her skin and play with her nipple. I pinch and pull the nubbin making it erect. I move my hand to her right breast and do the same. Charlene moves her hand down to my growing erection and grabs my shaft. 

She looks at me and whispers, "I think I'm I ready to play again. Care to 69 with me?"

We break apart and move down on the bed. Charlene climbs on top of me and swings her leg over, planting her cunt right on top of my face. I force her legs apart and use my fingers to spread her pussy lips. I open her inner folds and lick her pink flesh.

Charlene grabs hold of my cock and pumps my shaft up and down. At the same time she grabs my balls and massages my sack with her fingers. So far, I like her style. Both hands maintain a tight grip. She knows how to please me.

I continue to lick her pussy like I did in the shower this morning. I use my tongue as a tiny cock and piston in and out of her vagina. I feel Charlene squirm. I force my tongue deep between her folds and lick towards her clit which pokes out from beneath its hood. I lap her pearl with my tongue. I flick her tiny nub and cause her to squirm. I rub my chin along her vagina. My day old whiskers provide a lite sandpaper effect which causes Charlene to take a deep breath.

Charlene squeezes the base of my cock and licks my shaft from top to bottom and all over the sensitive tip. She sucks the side of my erection first on the left and then the right and then along the bottom. Charlene opens her mouth wide and descends upon my glans bobbing her head up and down just like she did in the shower. Every so often she scrapes my shaft with her teeth. Her technique has me close to blowing my second load of the morning. 

I continue to use my tongue to drill deep into her inner flesh. With every few thrusts of my tongue, I lick down to touch her clit. I use my fingers to open Charlene's labia and then plunge two digits into her wet cavern. I concentrate licking her clitoris while I finger fuck my sexy co-worker. The tip of my tongue flicks her hard button of flesh over and over and over. My tongue and her clit keep constant contact. Her girl juice is really flowing.

Charlene has an urgency to bring on my climax. She senses her own boiling point and is so close to orgasm. She grips my shaft as hard as she can and proceeds to jack me off. Her hand moves quickly up and down. She adds a twisting motion to her pumping which takes me over the edge. She has her lips glued to my glans as she masturbates me to climax. I push up my hips and pump my cum into her mouth for a second time. She gulps down my load and never releases her suction on the tip of my cock. Her hand pumps up and down, as I provide a few more spurts of jism.

For a moment I lost my focus on pleasuring Charlene as I rode through my orgasm. It's time to concentrate on bringing Charlene to her peak. Her thighs shake and squirm which indicates she is ready to cum. I suck hard on her clit with my two fingers still inside her quim. 

"I'm there Rob, I'm there. Feels so good."

I feel her inner flesh spasm around my fingers as she cums. Charlene presses her pussy hard against my face as she rides through her climax. I pull my fingers from within her flesh and lick all around her outer lips and thighs. I clean up as much of her girl cum as I can before she twists her body around to face me.

Charlene remains on top of me breathing deep trying to regain her composure. When she is able to focus again we kiss with open mouths. I taste my cum on her lips and she tastes herself on my lips. We stare into each other's eyes with silly grins.

I remark, "Can you imagine what our co-workers would say if they caught us like this?"

Charlene stayed on top of me, occasionally grinding her pussy onto my cock.

"If you keep doing that, I'm going to get hard again and I just might fuck you. You feel so delicious."

"Well, that's the whole idea. Hey, let's get under the covers."

We manoeuvre around and get inside the sheets. We lie on our backs and cuddle.

"I love for you to eat my pussy. It feels so different from my friend, Leslie. I told you she is the person who waxes my pussy every month. I used to shave, but I always got razor burn and I didn't like the stubble. Do you remember Nancy from work? She did the real estate deals. Well we would talk about everything under the sun. One day I told her about my shaving and the razor burn. She immediately told me about her friend, Leslie. So I went to the European Wax Center with Nancy. We both got a full Brazilian that day. The first time is always the most painful, so Leslie used some aloe lotion to ease the pain. She applied it with her fingers and massaged my mons and outer labia. She spent a lot of time massaging the lotion into my skin and it felt wonderful. I nearly had an orgasm right there. I was so worked up after the treatment that I rushed home and masturbated."

I listen intently to Charlene. Her story causes my cock to harden; a fact not lost on Charlene.

She continues, "I started going to the European Wax Center on a regular basis every three or four weeks, I would always ask for Leslie. After several visits, Leslie told me she noticed that I get really wet after the procedure when she rubbed the aloe lotion into my skin. She said she could help with that too. I agreed and she proceeded to rub my clit and dip her fingers into my pussy until I had an orgasm. It was so much stronger than my own diddling. That became our routine for many months, until one session where she got on her knees and replaced her fingers with her mouth. It was the first time a girl ate my pussy and I was hooked. Her lips and tongue were much gentler than any man. And unfortunately, my husband gave up the practice years before. So, here I am looking forward to every waxing session because it means I get a good licking from Leslie."

By now my cock is rock hard and standing straight. Charlene wraps her hand around my stiff shaft and continues her story.

"Five months ago, I called to make an appointment. Leslie asked if I would mind going over to her house for the waxing. She has all the equipment at home to do a professional job. I agreed and she gave me directions to her house. She turned one of her bedrooms onto a spa room. As I undressed and got onto the table, Leslie unbuttoned her blouse and let it hang open. She prefers to be naked when she waxes and she could never do that at the salon. I was fine with that. She has really beautiful breasts, almost as big as mine but with small pink nipples."

I am now throbbing with Charlene's hand squeezing my cock.

She continues, "Picture this; I am reclining on the table with my legs spread wide. Leslie applies the wax and paper strips to my outer lips. While we wait for the wax to harden, she removes her blouse completely. After she finished the waxing, she dove right in and licked my slit. She is much more aggressive than she was at the salon. Her face is buried in my cunt and her tongue splits my labia and lap at my clit. I came quickly. Leslie wasn't ready to quit. She spent several minutes licking my juices from deep in my pussy, around my outer lips and thighs. She had me completely clean of all my cum. My head was spinning."

I am on the verge of cumming myself and tell Charlene. She eases off of my throbbing dick. She tells me hold on; she doesn't want me to lose my load. She has other plans.

"So here we are. I'd just had a fabulous climax and Leslie's face was covered with my juices. She moved up and kissed me on the lips. She stuck her tongue in my mouth searching out my tongue. We mashed our faces together and I tasted myself. I love the taste of my cum, so we spent several minutes kissing and licking. I reached out and grabbed her boobs and rubbed her soft flesh and her nipples. I was pinching her nipples as we continued to kiss. She asked me if I had ever been with another woman. I told her no. She asked if I would like to try it, and I said yes."
