 "Why does this always happen to me?" I thought. 

The day had begun badly. I had packed my small holdall the night before and I knew that all I had to do was drop my toothbrush in my bag, pick up my briefcase and hop in a taxi to the airport. I had got out of bed earlier than usual so that I had full use of the bathroom before everyone else could however, for some strange reason Catherine, my youngest also had the same idea. As I walked towards the bathroom I could hear her humming whilst she showered. 

Popping my head around the door to ask how long she would be, I hesitated. She was unaware that I could see her maturing body in its pure form. Her almost childish figure had seemed to flourish overnight somehow and she had developed into a very sexy young lady.

"Ah" I thought "How I wished I was that young and slim again?" She had grown into a beautiful young woman and I had no doubt that she would certainly turn some young man's head pretty soon (if she hasn't already).

It was a long time since my husband had looked at my naked body and who was to blame him? Time and giving birth to two children over 16 years ago had had an effect on mine. Slightly more tummy than I used to have, combined with silver stretch marks and breasts that were probably too full these days contributed to my low self esteem.

As I watched Catherine soap her slim tight body, I felt something deep down that I hadn't felt in a long time. In fact, I couldn't quite put my finger on what I felt.

Feeling a little awkward in case she spotted me invading her privacy, I quickly moved away down the stairs. I would hopefully still have sufficient time to get myself ready for my trip to New York later on this morning.

I was fortunate to have an envious position as a Buyer for a large retail outlet. This involved a fair amount of travelling to a wide range of countries. Today's visit to New York was not the first for me. In fact, I had carried out all the groundwork previously and didn't really need to go this time. It was probably vanity that made me want to go there for a few more days. I felt as if I was a woman when I went away. Not someone's mother or wife!

The deal had been done. We had all sat around a large boardroom table and thrashed out the costs etc. All that was needed was to oversee the shipment back to the UK and I had an excellent team out there that could do the job quite easily without me being there.


I just needed to get away. Most of the time I was that busy that I didn't take much notice of the fact I was pretty much ignored at home. Sometimes I wondered whether Mike, my husband had other women. He never seemed to want to be near me and had even taken to sleeping in the spare room, saying he needed his sleep and I was too restless. 

"Was I so unattractive?" I thought. I felt it but at the same time I knew I wasn't totally worthless and, given the opportunity, I could give him everything he wanted. In my youth and probably even the earlier years of our marriage, he would, if asked, have said I was a prude. I wasn't - It was just that I had never been given the opportunity to experiment and was always too reticent to suggest other ways of making love.


As I was lost in my thoughts I hadn't noticed that the kettle had boiled and as I reached out across the work surface, my arm knocked over the kettle spilling boiling water along the surface and over pouring onto my leg.

"Ahhhhh" I screamed, as I quickly jumped up. 

I might as well have been on my own because although I called out loudly nobody appeared. Time was getting on as I hurriedly ran up the stairs to change. I knew I was cutting it fine for the airport but it was out of my hands. Knowing I would be out of the country for a week or so I had bundled all my best suits to the dry cleaners and so had to grab a casual outfit to wear.

"It wasn't a problem though because I could always change when I got off the plane" I thought to myself. In my haste I hadn't noticed that the top I had selected was rather more revealing than I usually wear, in fact it was almost see-thru. My leisure trousers were last years model and just a little tighter since I last wore them. But I didn't have to time to change again so thought "What the heck, I'll do!"

The taxi I had booked hadn't arrived and I was starting to panic when there was a knock at the door. It was my friend and neighbour, Jenny. Seeing my distress she happily volunteered to drive me there. In fact, she was almost falling all over herself to get me out of the house?

We just about got to the airport in time and as I waved goodbye to her, I noticed she had a strange look on her face, "almost pleased to see me go" I thought. "Don't be silly Anna" I said to myself. I knew my family would be in safe hands as she had promised to call in and help out.

I rushed to the check in desk and almost fell over a large suitcase just in front of the desk. 

"Oh for god's sake, what stupid idiot left that in the middle of aisle?" I said to no-one in particular.

"I'm so sorry" I heard a voice behind me say.

As I turned I almost fell again, bumping into a large man however, all I could see was the most beautiful pair of blue eyes. They twinkled brightly as he quickly tried to explain that it was his fault and he shouldn't have left his suitcase there. 

I speedily accepted his apology and turned back again to check in.

Although I had only to wait almost half an hour to be called for the flight it took me the whole of that time to calm down and catch my breath. This was one of the times I was grateful of being a member of British Airways Executive Class. The shorter check in time and the knowledge that I would have a very comfortable trip made me feel much better.

As I was shown to my seat I looked forward to spending the next 7 hours in comfort and total privacy. My assistant knew I didn't like the flights too much and always booked me a sleeper seat that reclines into a fully flat bed at the touch of a button. With the lumber support and head and neck rests I could relax and sleep in comfort. There was only one drawback and I was hoping this would not be the case today. Each seat was connected to another - what was called a 'Buddy' seat. I was hoping to be fortunate to have a separate seat unfortunately luck was not on my side today.

As I arrived at my seat I looked down to see someone else was also there. .. The man from check in! Although he acknowledged me he continued reading his Financial Times moving aside to let me into my seat. 

I experienced the strangest feeling! I knew I wanted peace and privacy but somehow, his disinterest seemed to smart with me. "Was I that uninteresting?" I thought.

As time went on I relaxed a little more and managed somehow to forget my companion and let myself drift off to sleep. The steward had provided me with a soft blanket to place over me together with a black sleep mask. 

As I dozed, my thoughts went back to my daughter earlier on. Although I didn't dwell on her nudity I somehow moved on to the picture of my husband's naked body when I had rushed back to change. He was in a deep sleep and hadn't realized that the bedclothes had slipped away. I looked at his flaccid penis (Why couldn't I call it a cock?) and wanted dearly to make him hard. To have him force me to take him in my mouth and taste his cum. I had felt a little disturbed though, that at any time, Catherine may call into the bedroom and see him like that. So I quickly threw the sheet over his still soft shaft.

As I dreamt I knew it was the time between wakefulness and deep sleep so never moved a muscle when I felt a hand slide along my thigh, underneath the blanket. I should have been alert and assertive but it felt good so I left it alone.

Tom, sensing that she was going to let him continue, leaned forward a little. He had noticed her attire as soon as she had bumped into him. "Did she realise the power of her body?" he wondered. Her womanliness, the look of experience that comes with age and had she noticed his obvious and almost immediate erection. It pained him to see that she had no idea of the discomfort she caused him. He knew he had to get to know this woman better.

As a frequent flyer, Tom knew he could arrange things to suit himself and set about doing so. By the time she hopped on the aircraft he had changed his seat to ensure he would have maximum exposure to her.

As his hand moved forward he pictured her tight white t-shirt, straining against her large breasts. He couldn't have thought of them as tits or busoms or melons. They were the heaving breasts of a mother who had breast fed. He could see the large expanse of brown rippled skin around her large pencil like nipples through her tight t-shirt and wanted to feel them in his hands.

Although he had only momentarily seen her he took in her casual dress. A woman at ease with her body but shy with it. He could see her face in front of him when he asked her to strip. Her shyness slowly reducing as her well hidden sense of exhibitionism rose to the surface. He knew she would enjoy being pleasured and his desire to unearth her hidden desires was foremost in his thoughts.

As his hand moved upwards she felt the back of his hand glance under her breasts. Unknowingly she shifted in her seat so that he would have better access to her full breast. She wasn't sure why she felt like this but it felt so good. It was almost unreal. 

As she was lying slightly on her side she knew her breasts would be forced together and if he were to move forward a little more she would let him slide his hand in between them. She knew something was going to happen and decided she didn't want any barriers. 

Tom quickly withdrew his hand sadly as she had suddenly stood up, wrapped the 
blanket tightly around herself and moved past him, walking quickly away towards the front of the jet.

"Was she going to say something to the crew?" he thought, hoping not.

However, he watched as she climbed the stairs to the upper deck. A few minutes later she walked back and sat back down in her seat, this time facing him. She mumbled her apology (probably for having to brush past him) and replaced her black sleep mask.

He thought for a minute and wondered whether it was her way of telling him to back off. After a few minutes he could no longer hold back and, once again, slid his hand under the blanket to rest on her stomach. He suddenly realised there was no barrier for his hand. He moved it further up to find the rise of her breast and found that not only was she wearing no t-shirt but her nipples seemed to have grown. Little did he know that she had spent the last couple of minutes pulling on her nipples to try to satisfy her growing urges.

He managed, now that he felt she wanted this, to slide his other hand under the blanket and placed it around her other breast. He was now cupping her heaviness and using his finger and thumb to circle and pinch her hard nubs. His mouth ached to take them in his mouth and circle his tongue around them. 

Sensing his thoughts she moved the blanket away from her naked chest and invited him to place his head over her. She knew she was exposing herself to anyone passing but she also knew this was one of her deep desires: a desire to be naked in public. Whether it was just luck, coincidence or planning, just as she raised the blanket a fellow female passenger, one whom she had travelled numerous times with, walked alongside them. She hesitated briefly, taking in the sight of Anna's huge swollen breasts and the fact that Tom was about to suck her nipples, and surreptitiously moved her hand to her own breast, pulling on her obviously raised nipple.

"I can't believe I am about to do this" thought Tom. "Should I cover her up? Does she realise she can be seen by anyone. For some reason this is really turning me on. Although I would love to pleasure this woman in private. make love with her, fuck her and force her to submit to my fetishes, I also love the thought that we could be watched too. Perhaps that is her intention too?"

He took hold of the blanket and lay it back against the seat, exposing her breast to him. Then moving his hands over her flesh he watched as she arched her back, fitting her breasts into his palms, she moaned softly as his thumbs brushed over her nipples. They seem to harden and grow as he stared, He proceeded to lick circles around her soft full mounds until he got to the edge of her nipples and finally ran the flat of his tongue across them. Then taking each in turn he placed his lips around these bullets and sucked hard, feeling it thicken between his teeth.

She tasted of perfume, soap, and woman.. ...it was enough to drown the senses of any red blooded man. He could feel her tremble as he continued to take pleasure but he also knew that they would be unable to continue too much longer.

Anna could barely breathe. The sensations flowing through her body were threatening to take her over the edge soon. She'd never known such passion, such tender yet driving lust. Sensing Tom was about to pull away she made an instant decision. She drew back the blanket and covered them both.

Looking directly into Tom's eyes she said "pull your pants down."

Tom didn't hesitate, He shuffled his pants from his hips and felt them fall around his ankles. he reached over, underneath the blanket and was pleased to feel, at the joining of his legs, his hard cock,

"Pull down your underwear." she whispered.

Tom was unsure! They were, after all, in quite a public place and anyone could pass (as had already happened) at any time. But he needed release-

He nodded imperceptibly and dug his thumbs into the sides of his elastic waistband, and shoved downward, As his boxers descended, his cock immediately sprung forward from its constriction.

Anna was anxious to be able to see his member and slyly moved her head nearer to him, as if lying on his shoulder and then snuggled underneath the blanket.

"Oh my God!" she mumbled at the sight of his cock. It wasn't the longest cock she had ever seen, but certainly very wide, A droplet of pre-cum lingered at his tip. She reached for his cock. "Let me suck you" she whispered, as she purposefully centered her face to his cock.

He felt the delicate touch of her tongue against his tip, scooping the drop of pre-cum from his tiny cock hole. It felt like an exquisite tingle of pleasure and his cock twitched in her

fist.

"Oh fuck" he moaned.

She felt his cock throbbing against her tongue and opened her mouth wider to take his cock in her mouth, deeper and deeper; she engulfed him until she felt his coek touch the back of her throat. Tiny hairs tickled her nose.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck, that feels good" he moaned.

Anna felt his balls against her chin, His cock was coated in her saliva.

She looked up at him as his cock began pulsing wildly and could tell just by the way he closed his eyes and contorted his face he was at the edge of cumming. His breathing was shallow and fast as she grabbed his cock and squeezed it tight.

Tom opened his eyes wide just at the moment his cum squirted out onto Anna's waiting tongue. The sight of her mouth wide open, his cum creating a pool in her cupping tongue was incredibly erotic. His legs felt weak and his whole body shook from the force of his orgasm.

As his orgasm had subsided Anna moved back into her seat, wiping her cream filled mouth with a 'cat got the cream' look on her face. She lay back to linger and enjoy what had just happened, dozing slightly with contentment.

Tom, although thoroughly satiated was keen to return the feeling but let her sleep a while. But once he decided she was sound asleep he made his move.

His right hand slipped under the blanket again and slid between her hips, his fingers finding her open zipper, He gently eased her trousers down to fall around her knees, knowing she was slowly waking from her deep sleep. He loved to do this and found that women were much more responsive being woken this way. He brushed his hand across her satin covered pussy while his fingers slipped further under the side of her panties and settled on her soft pussy lips. §he was hot to the touch, very wet, and very ready to feel more of his touch on her pussy, He leant over and placed his mouth over her soft full lips. Her passion rose to the surface as their lips met. Tom listened for her pattern of breathing to change lo know his fingers were touching her just as she wanted to be touched.

"Push in me" she whispered. "Finger fuck me. Finger fuck my pussy!" and sighed with pleasure as he slipped two long probing fingers.

"Oh god, your fingers feel good in my pussy, deeper babe, deeper!" Anna pleaded as she felt his fingers brush her begging clit on their way deep beyond.

Anna's pussy was fragrant and steaming, wet with desire, and desperate for Tom's touch.

As she felt herself let go, she could see the pleasure in his face as he urged her on to orgasm with his voice and his thrusting fingers.

"Oh God, Oh Fuck!" she writhed her hips and squeezed her pussy muscles against Tom's thrusting fingers.

"Cum Anna. Cum NOW" he demanded, as he lowered his lips and squeezed her erect nipple lightly between them.

Tom slipped his other hand around the top lace of her panties and started to drag them down, but stopped as she said "please leave them on."

He looked down and was strangely turned on by the sight of her silky panties had been stretched around her pussy and his hand was now dripping with her juices, He looked up to see her body jerk, her eyes roll and tears falling, tier orgasm now in its full stages he watched with satisfaction.

******************

I was deep in sleep when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"Mrs Davies, Mrs Davies! We'll be arriving at JFK within the next few minutes" said the steward. "I thought you might like a few minutes to 'freshen' up" she said, a strange glint in her eye.

"Oh yes" I said nervously, hoping that glint hadn't meant that she had noticed us earlier. "Thank you for waking me". 1 pulled the blanket around me and quickly grabbed my clothes.

I looked over to see that the seat beside me was vacant. Seeing my glance the steward responded by telling me that the gentleman had moved to the back of the aircraft to have a word with one of his colleagues.

My thoughts were all over the place. I was very nervous of meeting this unnamed man but at the same time keen to continue our 'acquaintance', "Perhaps it was for the best" I

thought, sadly moving towards stairs to go to the ladies rest room to dress.

It was probably a good thing that I wasn't privy to a conversation that was taking place on the flight deck whilst I was dressing.

Did you see the couple in seats 4a & 4b, Becky?" said Isobel, the steward responsible for those particular seats.

"Of course", replied Becky. "In fact, as soon as Tom Chambers asked to be moved from his own seat (one that I was responsible for 1 have to say) to seat 4b I'm afraid I set up the Video Monitor to pan into those seats. I have to say Issy, when the airline decided to put recording devices into the cabin for security purposes I thought it was an invasion of privacy but it does have its uses eh?" she laughed. "Wanna see?"

Watching as their performance became more and more heated Becky said "If only I wasn't married, I would have loved to be him Issy. She has the most fabulous breasts. The way they swayed, her nipples were to die for!"

"I was more interested in Tom Chambers cock" said Isobel. "What I wouldn't give to have that inside me" she drooled. "I'm glad we're staying over tonight, Let's invite Mark, the pilot over to the hotel and show him what he was missing, Becks"

As I passed through customs and out to the main exit I was glad to see a gentleman directly at the rail holding up a card showing my name and company,
