 Authors note:

I'm experimenting with a different writing style.

Personal details are left purposely vague, so any man or woman can fulfill the fantasy roles.

Also, although safe sex isn't practiced in this particular story... 

Always remember to be safe in the real world.

Please let me know what you think in the comments or contact me.

Thanks for reading.

*****

An Encounter -The hotel

It started in the elevator this time. 

Heated glances trailing up and down my body. A stolen touch to my back, sliding down to cup my backside. A smile lifting the corner of his mouth because we weren't alone, and still he caressed me, not caring that others may see. He's probably hoping they do turn and catch his wandering hand. I shift and step closer, leaning my body into his. He brings his hand up and brushes my hair off my shoulder, a hand wraps around my neck gently. His thumb repeatedly traces the line of my neck to just beneath my ear. My pulse accelerates a little more with each floor we rise. Anticipation steals my breath.

The elevator arrives on our floor and I don't even realize it. He prods me forward, with that same gentle hand on my neck. The few steps to our room seem like an endless trek. I rummage through my bag for the key. He stands behind me, both hands on my hips now. Offering no assistance with the door. Enjoying how flustered I've become. I finally find the key and run it through the slot. Red LIght. I groan and he chuckles softly. Soft kisses now trace my neck. Taking the same path his thumb had earlier. He presses against me and I can feel his erection in the cleft of my ass. I hear giggling and glance to the side to see another couple, hand in hand, making their way down the hall. Teeth nip lightly at my neck now, bringing me back to the task at hand.

I slide the card once again, and finally a green light. I push the handle and am rewarded with an open door and space to pull away and step into the room. I take a few paces forward and stop. I Drop my bag and turn at the sound of the closing door. Our eyes lock and we both shoot forward at the same time. Our bodies crash into each other, his arms wind around me and pull me close. His lips come down on mine in a fierce assault, prying mine apart. Our tongues duel, sliding along the other, twisting and diving, neither declaring victory. I suck his tongue into my mouth and mimic fellatio on it, sucking and bobbing my head. I am rewarded with his groan this time. I smile around the tongue still lodged in my mouth.

He notices my sly smile and thrusts me backwards against the wall. His leg slides between mine. Delicious pressure against my clit. He runs his left hand up under my hair and he grasps a handful. Then he uses his grip to tilt my head to the side. First, it's his lips and tongue traveling the length of my neck. Next, it's his teeth as he grinds his mouth down and sucks deeply. I can't help but writhe against his leg as I feel him marking me. He knows what this does to me. His hard cock against my hip, his hand holding my hair in a punishing grasp, fingers pinching my nipple, and the exquisite torture on my neck, I'm overwhelmed by the collective assault to my senses. My orgasm takes me by surprise as I gasp and quake, trapped between his hard body and the wall. He raises his head and looks into my eyes. His own smirk declaring a small victory.

Instead of leaving me sated, the orgasm only fuels my desire. I kiss his smiling mouth and put my hands under the hem of his shirt. Tugging it up and pulling it over his head. I move between his legs and begin to slide down the wall. My mouth in constant contact. First his jaw and the beard growth there, rubbing my own cheek against it. I lick a path downward to his neck and chest. His nipple between my lips and then my teeth momentarily. My hands ever busy, moving along his magnificent shoulders, down his arms, across his abdomen to the prominent cock pushing against his jeans. Ever downward I sink to my knees. I glance up as he watches me through heavy lidded eyes. I lick my way across his waistband and nip at his hip. I can't wait a second longer to have him naked before me. I work the button and zipper. Sliding it down with haste and then curl my fingers over the top of his pants and boxers to pull them down together.

I drag them down his thighs and coax him to step out of them. I hurriedly toss them aside and resume the tour of his body, with my mouth. A kiss on his calf, a lick on the side of his knee and a pinch of teeth on his thigh. My lips move towards the center of him and his manhood. My tongue snakes out to lick the base of him and I drag it up the underside of the shaft of his beautiful cock. He's so hard his foreskin is stretched taut, leaving the head exposed to my tongue. I swirl it around the top and taste his luscious precum. I wrap my lips around him and continue to flick and swirl my tongue. My lips tighten and my tongue dances as I slide my mouth further down onto him.

He grasps both sides of my head and thrusts into my mouth gently. I look up and our eyes meet again. We both moan and he takes this as acquiescence and thrusts into my mouth again and again, ever deeper each time. I allow him to control my head and it's movements, while my hands roam his body. A massaging caress to his balls, around his hips and down to squeeze his ass as it flexes and drives his erection into my ever watering mouth. 

As his own completion draws near, he stops and pulls away and out of my mouth. I attempt to follow on my knees to retrieve his delectable organ. He bends over and puts both hands under my arms and tugs me to my feet. His kiss is commanding and I wrap my arms around his neck. He places his hands under my ass and I get the message and jump to wrap my legs around his waist. He grinds me in place against the wall for a few moments as his mouth continues to devour me. A step backwards and he turns toward the bed in the center of the room, with me still perched at his waist.

After a couple of kissing, stumbling steps, I feel myself being lowered to the bed and he follows me down. My clothes are trapped between us and I long to feel his skin against my own. I take my hands away from his back and attempt to remove my clothes. He captures my hands and holds both wrists in one of his hands. My arms stretched out above my head. A slight shake of his head and I know any disrobing of my body will be left to him and his whims. He taps the hands held prisoner above my head, in a silent command to leave them there.

He pushes up on both arms and his freed cock pushes against my still clothed pussy. I hiss and undulate against it. I want the clothes gone, and to feel his hot length inside me. He knows this all too well and enjoys the small amount of torture I allow him, in our games. He kneels between my legs and makes short work of my blouse. It's over my head and thrown over his in a matter of seconds. My bra follows and my breasts are bared for his enjoyment. 

Frustratingly, he leaves my skirt hiked around my thighs and my panties in place. Now soaked through with one orgasm and a river of need. 

He reaches down to palm both nipples and clutches my breasts in a rough grip. Not quite punishing, but not gentle. He squeezes and then bends down to flick his tongue across each of them. He sucks one nipple into his mouth and I feel his teeth nip slightly as he moves down my stomach. His tongue again, swirling into my navel. I want to bring my hands down and grasp his head, as he had done mine. I refrain and allow him the same access he granted to me.

Finally I feel him at my waist and think he's going to remove the skirt. But, no... Hot breath flows across my wet panties and his mouth clamps down over them. More exquisite pressure on my clit, yet denial of his wet raspy tongue. I growl in frustration and wrap my legs around his back. I push up into his mouth and am rewarded as my panties slide slightly to the side and I feel the heat and moisture as he laps at my lower lips and takes in my essence. He fills his hands with my ass and squeezes my cheeks. His head moves side to side, his nose nudging my panties further aside and I'm rewarded with his lips, finally on my center. 

For a few moments, he uses his entire mouth on my swollen core. His lips to encircle it, his tongue flicking rapidly, suction to draw it out further. I writhe and moan under the onslaught. He grunts and shifts and the delightful sensations disappear. 

I feel pressure and hear a tear of the lace at my hip, my panties are finally gone. Ripped away and thrown aside. I am flipped onto my stomach. His hand flicks down rapidly once to deliver a stinging smack to my ass. I'm pulled up onto my knees and he moves behind me. Another smack and then the bite of his teeth to the other cheek. I move back toward him, rather than away. I enjoy the small amount of pain he delivers. I feel a hand on my hip as he guides his cock to my waiting, wet pussy.

He pushes in partially, only the head, still teasing me. I attempt to arch back to him, to get him to enter me fully and he snickers at my impatience. His hand now in my hair again and I'm pulled back, finally able to feel him as he thrusts inside to the hilt. I love his cock, the full, hard, hot length of him as he strokes repeatedly into and back out of me. The feel of his muscular, hairy thighs as they rub against my delicate ones. His pendulous balls as they sway and slam against me with each thrust. I move with him, slamming back onto him in, taking him in full. Passion unleashed in our grunts and staggering breaths, moans and gasps fill the air. Yet still, I need more from him.

I feel him slow and lean over me. His hands rest upon mine and our fingers twine together. I slowly lower to my stomach to the bed and he covers me. I'm enveloped in him completely. His lips at the back of my neck, his hands covering mine, his chest against my back, his thighs rest upon mine and I am utterly his to be taken.

Our hips piston together as we resume our efforts. Our sweaty bodies slide against each other over and over again. I love the feel of his skin and hair rubbing against me. His cock plunging deep and only partially retreating, to slide deeper still. His hot breath against my neck and then I feel his lips once again at my shoulder. Our motions become frantic and even more fast-paced. I know that soon he will fill me with his seed and it drives me to a further peak. I feel his teeth bite down on my shoulder and I can contain it no longer. My body spasms and my pussy clutches rhythmically at his cock. He feels my orgasm overtake me and it pushes him over as well. He thrusts deeply one last time and his cock pulses inside me and I can feel the hot juices spurt from his dick as he fills me, takes me, claims me. I am replete and complete.

Gently, his hands slide up my arms and underneath me. He hugs me close to him and places soft kisses to the side of my neck. I crane my head around so my lips can meet his. One more gentle kiss and he pulls out and off of me and rolls onto his back beside me. He gathers me into his arms again and I lay my head on his chest. Our breathing calms and I trace the hair on his chest with a fingertip as we drift off to sleep. No spoken words are needed. We've said it all with our bodies and souls.