 "Hello there! You must be the new guy! I'm Sandy!"

A pert voice with a pure Czech-accent greeted me as I entered my dorm room for the first time. I looked towards the sound and was greeted with a well-toned body of a girl, standing in her tiny denim shorts and a pink tank top. The thought of having a girlfriend kinda had me restricted off of the 'fun and adventurous' side of college life, but hell, it didn't stop me from differentiating who were sexy and who weren't, and this girl was definitely smoking hot.

"Hey... I'm Jack!", I replied as I shook her hand observing her in much more detail. The first thing that grabbed my attention was her breasts. Damn, they were definitely bigger than Sharon's, I mused, absorbing everything I could behold. Blue eyes lined with mascara, blond hair with highlights and beads strung on them, cute button-nose and a set of red lips graced this beauty's face. Her slim neck directed down to her sloping shoulders that seemed to struggle to hold her set of perfect orbs, a C-cup for sure. I could see her nipples protruding through the thin material of the top, and that was enough to initiate the 'wake-up call' down there. She had a nice, flat tummy and a belly-button piercing, which led me downwards to her womanly hips, thighs and legs. God, she had sexy legs!! I never had any fixation towards those 'young-looking' girls as I always preferred the womanly type who was older than me by a few years. Even Sharon was 26, while I was 21. This woman seemed a couple of years older than me.

"Umm... you look pretty flushed. Are you okay?", her voice broke through my bliss, as I quickly struggled to gain my composure and met her eyes with mine.

"Oh.. yeah... umm... guess it's the heat.. hehe...", I stammered, breaking out a nervous smile. I noticed she was blushing too, given that she was being stared at for so long.

"Yeah... it's been pretty hot. The summer hasn't quite departed yet, so I guess it would be on for another week or two. The weather seems really weird nowadays!" She said.

"Uh. Yeah", agreeing with her, I kept my bag on my bed and sat beside it.

"Well, guess you'll be my roommate for this semester then...", she smiled as she plopped herself down on her bed and folded her legs, as she stared at me from across the room. I smiled back. God, she was so hot! How much luckier could I be?

"This is a mixed dorm, so I guess we are gonna have to get comfortable with each other... Umm, I mean... for one I sleep in nude, and while in the room, I'm mostly in my bra and panties...I hope it's cool with you..."

I gawked back, not knowing what to say. Wow.... To have a girl, who looks like a model, as a roommate is one thing, but to see her almost naked daily? I could feel my boner trying to tent my jeans as I sat there. I didn't want it to cause me an unnecessary embarrassment, so I readjusted my seating position.

"Oh, sure... that's fine by me..." I squeaked, "well, I sleep in the nude too, and I reckon I would be in my boxers and t-shirt when in the room... so yeah, it's alright."

I saw her blush at my reply and I turned towards my bag and started to open it, trying to distract myself from the situation at hand.

"Well, it's pretty hot and I'm feeling sticky... gonna go take a shower. See ya in a bit!" she said as she took her towel and went out the door. "Okay!" I said, before muttering "Fuck!" under my breath. I looked through the door carefully before I reached down inside my pants and grabbed my raging hard-on.

"Jeez, get the fuck down, would ya? Don't want ya embarrassing me in front of her." I muttered, unconsciously stroking my member. God, I need a release, I thought. *** Sandy came back in about 30 minutes and rapped on the door. "You decent?" she called out. "Yeah, come in"

She came into the room, wrapped in two towels, with her lingerie in her hand.

"The washrooms are so unclean. Ugh!" she said in disgust, "I can't get my clean pairs in there."

I was watching her as she faced away from me and took off her towel. Shit, I almost came there and then.

She had the most beautiful butt I had ever seen. Way better than Sharon's any day. Damn, those sloping hips and the back just blended perfectly with her body. I felt my now-engorged penis lurch repeatedly, demanding attention.

"Stop staring, I'm sure this isn't the first time you've seen a girl naked, is it?" she said playfully, without even looking my way, as she began to wipe her hair with the second towel.

Shit. I looked away, embarrassed. "I know I shouldn't pry, but don't you have a girlfriend?" she continued absently, now combing through her hair to untangle it.

"Uh. Yeah, her name's Sharon." I replied reluctantly as I didn't want my friendship with Sandy be built upon lies.

"Oh, that's nice of you!" She said turning around and watching me with a pleasant smile.

I found myself puzzled, and she answered my look "Well, most guys I've met for the first time lie about their girlfriends just coz they wanna fuck me, coz, well, I'm hot" she said, matter-of-factly, as I sat there bewildered by her bluntness. "But you Jack, are honest, and I like honest people. I have few friends, but I have honest friends."

I smiled back, not knowing what to say, before she turned back to her hair. "I'm sorry if that erection is bothering you. Go ahead and masturbate if you like, I wouldn't mind." she giggled, looking at me through the mirror.

"I'm... uh, I don't have an erection..." I stammered, just getting red all over with embarrassment.

"Oh yeah, that's why I can see you're flushed so badly since the time I came in from the washroom." She said, turning again and giving me quick smile. "Go on Jack, I'm cool. I've watched many guys masturbate before, so it's not a big deal for me."

"Jesus, what's with this girl?" I thought, still trying to focus on my clothes. There was no way I would sit out there like a pervert and beat my meat as I watched her.

"Listen," she said, as she slipped on a pair of pink panties and a white tank top, pulling her hair out of it, "you sure don't want a pair of blue balls, do you? Coz if you're staying with me, you're gonna see me like this real frequent, and I don't think you can survive for long if you keep being so stiff, no pun intended." She giggled.

I didn't answer. I was just too aroused to do anything. I could smell her intoxicating scent ever since she stepped into the room and it was as if it had an ultimate command on the little Jack down there. I knew I just couldn't talk this one down.

She put her things away and came towards me. I didn't look up.

"Jack, look at me, it's alright, ok?" she said, her Czech-accent arousing me even more. I looked up and was met with a warm smile and a gaze that I couldn't really comprehend. It seemed like a mixture of curiosity and lust, as well as a bit of friendliness and warmth in there. I guess she was just being nice and understanding to me, as well as getting to know me better.

"Well... okay." I said finally, smiling nervously and blushing even deeper.

"I guess I should leave you then? It'd be nice of you to let me watch though." She said.

"Are you sure?" I asked her.

"Huh? Like as you guys say, duh!" she giggled, "Well if it makes you feel any better, when I get turned on, I masturbate freely. I usually don't get any opposition coz guys would love, heck; they'd die to see me doing." She winked, blushing slightly. "But of course, any kind of nonsense and I'd kick their butt right out of the door. I'm a karate 4th dan black belt, it's piece of cake for me."

I smiled back. Oddly, I was beginning to feel comfortable with her. She seemed so friendly and nice. And though she was open and free, she still wasn't a slut by any degree. And I liked that.

"Well, okay. Lemme just get comfortable then..." I said, standing up from my bed. She returned to her bed and sat down, with her back against the wall, watching me as I took my t-shirt and jeans off, and ultimately my briefs, before sitting back on my bed, facing her. I was red-faced, nevertheless.

"You have a nice body," she said, with a tone of a compliment.

"Thanks," I replied, as cordially as possible.

I looked down at my pecker and it was bobbing up and down as blood kept pumping into it. I pulled back my foreskin as saw the purple head, so engorged that it looked like it would explode, as it dripped a steady but tiny stream of precum from its tip. I hadn't shaved for a while (given that I haven't fucked anyone for a few months now), but despite the small bush, i still felt i looked big enough to be impressive.

I looked at her and my cock lurched once more.

"Don't let me stop you," she giggled, "you do have a sexy cock that I'd love to see explode."

I couldn't believe I heard her say that. We barely knew each other, from less than an hour, and here she was talking about my cock exploding.

I spat in my hand, like i always did to lubricate it, before i placed it on my boner and started my rhythmic pumping. I looked at her for awhile before closing my eyes and imagining that same form naked once again. Fuck!, that was definitely helping. I kept imagining her, sitting there naked, slowly and sensuously rubbing her tits and pussy. I opened my eyes to see that she had already taken her panties off and was touching herself. She looked at me and smiled, blushing deeply. I almost came at that moment.

I started pumping my stick steadily as I didn't wanna hurry and climax too soon. I watched her as her right hand rubbed onto her vulva while her left hand rubbed her tits through her tank top.

"Oh fuck, Jack, you just got me so hot.." she whimpered, moans now becoming more audible as she closed her eyes, bathing herself in the warm sexual tension that was enveloping her.

I kept rubbing myself steadily as my left hand caressed my balls. Damn, how I wish I could lick that pussy of hers while she sucked my cock! But I guess I couldn't impose anything with the risk of blowing off the whole thing, so I decided not to put this forward.

"Hmm... Ohh Yeahh..., oh fuck yeah..." she moaned and writhed on the bed - visible signs of an approaching climax. As I watched her, my hand increased its pace and I could feel mine coming up too.

"Ohh.. Jack, mmmm... wanna lick my pussy Jack? Wanna fuck.... OHH.... wanna FUCK ME JACK??!!! OHHH YEAAHHH!!! OHH FUCKKKK YEAHHHHHH!!!", Sandy screamed, as she kept rubbing her pussy hard and fast. I could hear the slopping, sloshy noises of her fingers slapping vigourously against her cunt.

"Sandy.... uhhhh.... I'm.... gonna.... cummm...." I panted, feeling the tightening in my balls. I knew that this was gonna be a really massive load coming up.

"Oh... yess, Jack!! Cum with me... I wanna see you spray your thick man-juice all over... Oh FUCKK....OHHH..... HERE... IT... COMMMEEEESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!" she squealed, as she shook violently, moaning loudly as her right hand slapped hard on her clit while her left hand held tight onto the sheets. She toppled over as she kept shaking in her orgasm.

"Fuckkkkk...... YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!" I screamed as I belted out my ropes of cum right across the room towards her. I came so hard, like never before in my life.

We lay in our beds, in post-orgasmic bliss. I looked towards her and saw her staring at me, smiling with warmth and a hint of naughtiness in it. 

"We should do this more frequently" she said, letting out a small giggle.

I smiled, and looked at her. "Definitely, we should. Maybe even more, if you'd like."

She looked at me with a questioning face. I realized immediately what she was thinking.

"Oh, I don't think a girl who's 'stiff' and wants sex only once a week will bother me much. It has already come to a break up between us. Besides, I wanna be free in college and experience new stuff. Don't wanna be 'tied up' any more, no pun intended" I winked.

Sandy laughed out loud. "Funny guy" she said, "funny guy with a nice body and a nice nature. I like it."

I looked at her, smiling warmly. I felt like a new man, and I hadn't felt that way in a really long time.

***