 There was a convention in town last weekend, and Master was out of town. So, Saturday night, at about 10 PM, I showed up in the bar of an upscale hotel chain. I took a seat at the bar, where I could easily be seen, my short black skirt hiked high enough to show the top of my stockings. 

On top I was wearing a lace blouse, braless. It was not totally obvious that I was naked under the blouse. I am sure that many thought that the blouse was lined. It was not. I wore a short black jacket over the blouse so that I could hide my assets if I needed to. 

i had not bothered to book a room, as I assumed that anyone I decided to fuck would have one already. I watched the clientele come and go. One or two guys chatted me up a bit, but nothing serious. There were also several working girls in the bar, which is not unusual for this particular chain. I was quiet, respectable (except maybe for the top), drinking, and not drunk so I did not attract a lot of attention. There were several drunks who were making sloppy passes at anything in a skirt, but they managed to ignore me. 

Quite suddenly, a fortyish man with dark brown hair and a suit that looked like the uniform for the chain was at my side. He flashed an identification card, which I examined carefully, and which said he was head of security for the hotel. I had done nothing wrong, but could not afford to make a scene, so when he asked me to follow him, I did. He escorted me through the hotel lobby and into an unmarked door near the front desk. We passed through a room that had two men sitting at screens that rotated between various views inside and outside of the hotel. They did not look up as we passed through and into an inner private office. 

The security head, who i'll call Bob, asked me if he could look in my purse. I acquiesced and he smirked when he found the ten condoms I had stashed there. He told me that he did not mind me plying my trade in the hotel as long as I was discrete about it. If I was not discrete, he would have me arrested. "Oh, yes, one other thing," he said as he unzipped his pants. "Suck my dick." 

i smiled at him and got on my knees between his outstretched legs. I fished his cock out of his pants. He was semi-erect, cut, and average size. He was a nice size for deep throating, although I was sure that this would be nothing new for him, if he fucked every new face that showed up in the bar. I went about sucking his cock. 

In the middle of it, one of the guys in the other room came through the door without knocking. "There's a loud party in the hall on 14..." 

Bob interrupted him, "Well, handle it!! Can't you see that I'm busy here?" 

That kind of broke his concentration and added a couple of minutes to my task, but in the end, he came in my mouth and I greedily swallowed him down. 

"Come with me," he ordered, "i have an assignment for you. Should be easy money. You work it out with Steve." I wiped my lips, and then spent a minute or two refreshing my makeup in a mirror on the wall. We exited through the same room, but now there was only one guy at the screens. As we passed through, Bob spoke to him, saying, "Hey, you want a piece of this? She is a pretty good cocksucker." "No, thanks, I'm good." 

As we entered the elevator, Bob explained, "There's a big party in the Governor's suite on 20. They need another girl to handle the load. I'll introduce you to Steve. He's in charge. You work your money out with him." He handed me his card. "Next time you're in my hotel, call me and let me know. It's $200 a night. Got it?" and then he glared at me...

So, Bob, the head of hotel security walks me up to the Governor's Suite, and uses a pass key to let us into the suite. The suite is fairly well packed with people, but not overly crowded. There is music playing from somewhere. Most people are chatting in small groups, and sipping drinks, lots of long neck bottles. 

Bob looks around and finally spots a fairly good-looking man in his early fifties across the room, chatting with one of the guests. The man is dressed in a tailored dark gray business suit, white shirt and navy tie, very sharp. He waves to Bob, excuses himself and makes his way through the crowd to us. We step back into the foyer. 

Bob introduces me to Steve, but has to stop and ask my name, as he did not bother to find out when "questioning" me. Then Bob talks to Steve like I am not even there. "She's new, never seen her around here. I know she's a bit older, but you can probably get a better price with her. I checked her out, she knows how to suck cock at any rate. YADA YADA YADA... I'll get you one more girl in a bit." Steve looks me up and down, and I can tell right away that he is not impressed. Bob leaves. 

Steve lays down the ground rules. Anyone in the room is a customer and I should give them what they want. I will have my own bedroom, with bath. He offers me a thousand dollars for the night, i'm out by nine in the morning. I tried to negotiate a per customer price, but he opened the door to the hallway, and told me if I didn't like it, I could take my skank ass back to the bar and try to line up johns all night down there. Now the way I figured it, I had only planned to meet some conventioneers and fuck a couple of them. I had brought ten condoms, but did not figure to use that many. And I was not figuring on being paid, I was out for fun because I was a horny bitch with Master gone on a business trip. Being paid for sex is so nasty to me, humiliating, so to me it is a huge turn on. 

So I submissively dropped my eyes and demurred. But I told Steve that if I did not come home with at least $1200, i'd be beaten, so he agreed. 

i chuckled to myself as he led me through the Governor's suite. There was one very large room in the center, with a kitchen off one side, and a bar at one end. There was a uniformed bar tender, a nice looking older black gentlemen in his late 50's serving drinks and taking tips. 

At one end of the room, three sofas were arranged in a square with the open end pointed to a fireplace with gas logs and a huge flat screen running a basketball game. At the other end was a conference/dining table with a nice spread of food. In between there were lots of other chairs, upholstered and folding. There were two doors at each end of the of the large central room, each leading to a bedroom. 

Steve showed me to one of the rooms near the bar. I could use this for anyone who wanted sexual service. I hung my coat in the closet, tossed my purse on the floor in the closet, and put the condoms on the nightstand next to the bed. Before we left the room, Steve told me he wanted a sample, and took out his cock. Not that large, so I got on my knees right there, and even though the door was open, sucked his cock and swallowed his cum. During the last few seconds he moaned a lot and thrust at me, but it was fine. He tasted very salty. 

Then we went out into the main room, where I mingled with the guests and had a drink. It was not hard to pick out the whores in the room. There were two other girls, both younger than me, and definitely better built. they were dressed as provocatively as I was, and they were garnering a lot of attention. Eventually, they each led one of the guys talking to them into one of the bedrooms which left me as the only bait in the room. 

So guys started coming over and talking to me. Mostly small talk about the city, where to eat, stuff like that. The guys that talked to me were mostly the older guys. And then eventually, one would lean in close and say, "Are you... uh... available?" 

He knew damn well I was available, it was obvious that I was a whore there to keep the crowd happy. Then I would lead him into my bedroom and close the door. I would ask him what he wanted to do. 

Three times the guys just wanted their cocks sucked, so I did not undress, I just had them sit down, or stand if they preferred, and took out their cocks and sucked them off. Each time, I moaned, and complimented them on their cocks and sucked and licked and let them cum in my mouth. One guy, I kind of played with his cum, and he seemed to enjoy that. 

Six times, over the course of the evening, guys wanted to fuck me. I know because at the end of the evening, I had four condoms left. I would strip down to garter belt and stockings for these guys, and take them to the bed and let them fuck me in whatever position they wanted. Some wanted doggy, some missionary. One guy asked to fuck my ass and I let him. One guy dared me to eat his cum out of the condom and I did. 

After the first guy, I got dressed again, and went back to the party. But the other girls came out of their rooms wearing the robes from the back of the bathroom doors. So after the second guy, I did the same. Under the robe, I wore the garter belt, stockings and shoes. This led to lots of public groping, where the guys we were talking to would just reach into our robes and grab our tits or finger us right there. By the end of the evening, we had even dispensed with the robes. The crowd started to thin out around midnight, but the last guests did not leave until the next morning. 

Around two AM, there were only a few people left. One of the guys asked two of the other girls (a fourth had joined us about 11 PM) to put on a show for him. The two girls refused. I talked one of them into letting me lick her and the guests seemed to enjoy that. They gathered around while she sat in a chair, with me on my knees between her legs, sucking her clit until she came. One of the guys jerked off while I did it, and shot his cum on my face and her pussy. After that, the party seemed to go dead, and I went to sleep between two guests in the king sized bed in my bedroom. 

So, I wake up the next morning because the drapes were left open and it is like 8 AM. I realize that I am wedged between two male bodies, both of which are asleep and snoring heavily. As long as I am in the suite, I am duty bound to serve anyone who wants to use me, but I really don't want sex right now. What I really want is a shower. 

So, I very carefully sit up and slide out of the covers, and start to make my way off the bed via the foot. Unfortunately, one of the guys stirs and sees me leaving. 

He grabs my arm, and pulls me back, "Hey, Sweetheart, where you going?" 

I shush him, and try to whisper, so as not to wake the other guy. "Time for me to be going..." 

"No, wait... I didn't get to... uh... get acquainted last night, my name is Dan, come here..." and he pulls me toward him. 

I want to leave, but I really don't want to wake the other guy. Dan pulled me to him, and I went and was immediately sorry, as his morning breath was killer. So, I held back and asked him if he wanted sex. He said yes. Luckily the condoms were on his side of the bed, so I fetched one and conveniently found that he had morning wood. He started to get up, saying he had to piss, but I told him that if he left, I would not be here when he got back. I opened the condom and spit on his cock before rolling it down on him. Then I also spit on the outside and rubbed it up and down. Then I swung a leg over him so I'd be reverse cowgirl and not have to deal with his breath. 

I figured if I rode him, I could control the movement and possibly not awaken the other guy. First I had to spit in my hand and wet my cunt. As I said, sex was not high on my list that morning. I hovered over him and then lowered myself onto his cock. It was pretty average, so with all the spit, he went in pretty easy. Reverse cowgirl is not the easiest way to get off for a girl. You really have to work your clit with your hand, but most guys don't mind. They think it is kinky for a girl to rub herself while they fuck you. But what I wanted was to get Dan off, so I started to raise and lower myself on his cock. I was trying to get the right rhythm without rocking the boat, so to speak. It was going okay, Dan was grunting a bit and trying to thrust, which I knew would help him get off quicker. Dan sort of lunged forward and grabbed my breasts, and squeezed pretty hard, enough I had to gasp a breath. 

"Oh, God that feels good! Oh, yeah, fuck me, you bitch!" Usually I like being called names; the nastier the better, but I did not want that at the price of waking Dan's buddy. 

He started bucking and nearly threw me off, but he still was not cumming. I reached between my legs, and stroked his balls, cupping them and rolling them in my hand. 

With that, Dan's pal rolls over. "Hey, you guys started without me!!" 

"Come on over Don, this is one hot piece of ass!" 

Don rolled over. Dan lost some of his concentration. Damn! And I had had him ready to pop! So, I convince Don to stand on the bed in front of me, and I start sucking his cock. A lot of people don't count cunt and mouth as double penetration, but I do, and now I was being double penetrated. I grabbed Don's balls in my hand and started to blow him and caress his balls. I still had Dan's balls in my other hand and was still humping on him. 

Don was actually the first to blow, and he half screamed as he emptied his balls in my mouth. I swallowed it down, which Don described to Dan, and that was enough to send him over the edge, too. 

We thanked each other, and said pleasantries, and all made nice. They went to the shower and I put on the robe and went into the main room to see if there was any coffee or anything to eat for breakfast. Not like a mouthful of cum is adequate breakfast after a night of hard fucking. 

There was one of the other girls from the night before, and two black guys sitting in the main room. I had some coffee and some cut up fruit and a Danish. 

About that time, I realized that the other girl was sitting on one of the black guys' laps and bouncing. Even though there was hotel staff cleaning up some of the mess from the night before, she was fucking the guy right there. The other black guy (we still had not been introduced) was sitting right next to them watching. Every once in a while, he would reach over and caress the girl's breast. He had his cock out and was stroking slowly as he watched. He was pretty big, so, I walked over to him, and looked at him. 

"Need some help with that?" 

I mean, I LOVE a nice big black cock, and here was one going to waste. He smiled up at me, and nodded, so, I got on my knees and took him into my mouth. God, he tasted so good. He was long and thick and cut, and he just nicely filled my mouth. I sucked him and pulled his pants down and off while I did. The guy next to him had good staying power, and I was determined to keep my guy going until the other guy had cum. 

I would take him right to the edge, until he was thrusting up and groaning, and then I'd pull off of his cock and just cradle his balls. I licked his balls, and once even pushed his legs up and rimmed his asshole. He squealed and squirmed when I inserted my tongue up his ass. 

"Damn! Clarence, that freaky bitch got her tongue all the way up my ass!!" 

Shortly thereafter, Clarence came in the other girl's pussy, and she collapsed on his chest and the two of them rested while they watched me suck my guy's cock. I worked him hard, ramming my mouth over him, and he came pretty quickly after Clarence. I pulled off until just his head was in my mouth, and I stroked the shaft, making sure that every drop was in my mouth. Then I opened my mouth, let the cum dribble down my chin, and then real quick sucked it back in and swallowed it. 

"Damn, Clarence, this is one freaky slut." 

I noticed that Clarence had gone soft and had slipped out of the girl, so I real quick moved behind her and started licking Clarence's cock, and her pussy, where the cum had seeped out of her. Both of the guys started saying what a huge cunt I was, and how freaky I could be, and all that kind of nasty stuff. 

Then Clarence said, "I got some niggas you need to meet. Get dressed girl, you comin' wid us!" 

Watching Clarence and sucking his buddy, whatever his name was... had really lit my fire again. While I had not been up for sex when I woke up, the prospect of finding "some niggas" to fuck me was very appealing. 

So I took a shower, did the best I could with my makeup, slicked my hair back into a pony tail, and threw on last night's skirt and blouse. Last night's stockings were pretty well ruined, ladders up each one, so I tossed them. I could not find my panties, so I went commando, put on my shoes, gathered my belongings and followed Clarence out the door of the suite. In the elevator, Clarence finally introduced the other guy, the guy whose cock I had just sucked and whose cum I had just eaten as Bill. 

So I walked through the lobby with Clarence and Bill, and we drew stares. First, I was barely presentable after the hard night, with poor make up, a fuck me dress, no stockings, and hair just pulled back. And I was walking between two black guys. 

They led me out the door and up the street to a public parking garage; they had not parked in the hotel. We got in Clarence's car, an older model Buick and headed up to his apartment. Bill sat up front with Clarence, and was on Clarence's phone, dialing people to come over. But it was Sunday morning, and they were having trouble connecting with guys. They did find a few. 

I was thinking that I only had three condoms left, and I was NOT going to fuck anybody without one. I was hoping that maybe Clarence had some in his apartment. They declined my request to stop at a drug store. 

We got to Clarence's apartment, and we went upstairs. There are some rough neighborhoods in our town, but this was on the edge of one of the nicer black neighborhoods, so I felt better. We went inside and Clarence offered me a beer, but I opted for a bottle of water instead. Bill sat down and turned something on TV. Clarence sat in a different chair in the living room and motioned me over. He unzipped and took out his cock, and told me to do what I did to Bill. 

I looked at him and told him that I get $100 for oral. He laughed and looked at Bill, and Bill laughed, too. I realized that I was in trouble. Bill was lighting up a joint. Clarence informed me that I would get $25 for whatever each of his friends wanted. These were his friends, and I would treat them right. "Got it?" There was menace in his voice. Got it. 

I would probably have fucked them all for free, but I was playing the role of a whore just then, so I accepted it. I dropped my stuff behind the couch, near the door, and got down on my knees between Clarence's legs. I took his very nice sized cock into my mouth and started to suck him off. I was going slowly, and he was lasting because he had fucked that other girl just a short time before. That's where I was when the first of his friends arrived. 

The guy was in his late 20's or early 30's, and just looked like a good blue collar guy. He was not "thugged out" at all. Flannel shirt and baggy jeans. Pretty much all the guys that showed up fit this general description. His eyes bugged out at the sight of a white woman in Clarence's apartment sucking his cock. 

They talked about me for a bit, like I wasn't there. Clarence told him that I was a freaky white chick, and that he could fuck me or have me blow him for $50. The guy came up with $40 and Clarence showed us to a bedroom, stripping the covers off the bed, leaving just the bottom sheet. I stripped and the guy fucked me missionary. He was average in length and girth, and it went pretty well. Down to two condoms, though. 

He dressed and left and I went out into the living room again, naked. There was a new guy sitting there. He jumped up and complimented Clarence on finding a nice piece of white ass. They kept talking about like I wasn't there. He paid Clarence and I took him back to the same bedroom. 

Turned out, he only wanted head. So I had him sit on the edge of the bed and I knelt between his legs and took out his cock. I wished I could have washed him off first, because he was kind of sweaty and a bit funky smelling, but I managed to choke him down and worked him hard and he came pretty fast. 
