 She walked to her room wrapped in a haze of awareness, with heavy lidded eyes and soft smile she sat down on the edge of her bed. The only light spilled from the bathroom door, but it was enough to highlight the intimate shadows across her body. The hollow of her neck, the curve of her breasts. The golden glow brushed across her pale skin and room equally, softening the edges of the room, reflecting the mood she felt. She studied herself in the large closet door mirrors. Thinking and focusing on one person. One man she would never be able to have; yet, had longed for from nearly the moment she had met him. It was bittersweet to talk to him, but she longed for the comfort he brought to her. Laughter peppered his speech, and behind the jokes, a sensitive and well-informed person stood. She closed her eyes and thought of how he managed to make her want to please him without ever acting demanding or egotistical. 

Shaking her head, she came out of her reverie. She pulled a heavy quilt up and over her and cocooned in the warmth of her thoughts, and the heat that slowly wrapped her on the outside, she let her fingers skim across her tender nipples. The arousal she was experiencing allowed the tenderness to turn from slight pain to sending waves of pleasure down into the pit of her stomach. Passion began curling and tightening there, waiting for the release that would soon come. One hand stayed at her breasts, gently flicking and tantalizing, and the other pressed flat against her side while rubbing up and down. She started at the dip at her waist moving to the curve of her hip, and slowly focused on her hands. She imagined him watching, and threw back the quilt, the suddenly cool air against her flushed skin brought her nipples into sharp relief, and she gasped. Her back arched a little as she brought her hands between her legs. 

She knew she was aroused, and smiled a little as the pads of her fingers brushed against her swollen lips. She dipped her fingers into the small pool that waited, and brushed the slickness up and to her clit. That one touch sent shivers down her spine, and she moaned as her body every part of her seemed ready to explode. Her eyes closed and her hips moved against her fingers. With one hand, she pressed three fingers against her clit and rubbed slow circles, her other slowly teasing her entrance, tracing the outer edge. Her body began calling for more, as it began its uncontrolled rhythmic clenching. She thought again of him, and with a sudden shutter, she bucked against her hands begging for him. Her body finally reached its peak, and with a soft moan, she came down. When her mind cleared, she was surprised to find that her cheeks were wet with tears. Brushing them away, she gathered the quilt back up, and went to sleep.

She slept dreamlessly, but awoke to the sensation of being stroked. For some reason, the fear that should have jumped inside stayed away, and she rolled over. Her eyes widened as there she saw the man who took her breathe away. He was propped up on one elbow, and with a gentle smile said, "You need to remember to lock the doors, hon." Her eyes filled with large crystal tears, and he softly brushed them away. 

"Hush, I understand, you're going to be o.k." He murmured the comforting words to her and pressed gentle kisses across her face. Her sobs stilled and she reached up to him, threading her fingers through his hair, pulling him towards her. He could taste the salt on her lips from the tears, and quickly worked to take it away. She knew her heart, although not hers to give, was bound up in him, and she decided to take this one gift and treasure it. With passionate kisses, she pressed her body against his. She felt his skin against hers and reveled in the feel. She rubbed her cheek across his chest, and he lay back with a smile. Slowly she moved over him, anxious to feel him inside of her. He cupped her breasts in his hands, enjoying the way their weight pressed against him. His thumbs grazed her nipples and with a cry, she pressed her self onto him. In one motion, she encased him inside her. His soft moan encouraged her, and she bent one knee under her, and pressed the other foot against the bed so she was kneeling over him. She curled her fingers into the hair across his chest and began to move on him. She clenched against him, and soon her body climaxed in wave upon wave of pure pleasure. 

He watched her shatter on him, and flipped so that she was beneath him. His strong arms locked above her, and he brought himself down against her over and over again. She brought her hips to meet him. Their bodies became slick with sweat. When he finally pulsed inside her tightly clenched muscles, she smiled with a peace that she had missed for so long. This time there were no tears, and as they moved so she could rest her cheek against his shoulder, she knew that this was a moment to treasure.