 It was a typical Halloween night back in 1979 in vibrant Manhattan. People were getting ready to go out and party in their costumes or attend the annual Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village. 

Bobby then 22 years old, decided to join the throng of partygoers. He could not decide on a costume to wear so he just went without. He was not going to let something like that spoil his night. In life, there are performers, there are spectators, and Bobby was content that night to just gawk like everyone else.

Bobby was a handsome young man. He was a poised 6’1”, with a toned body and sandy blond that reached his shoulders. He often received appreciative looks from both women and men although his only interest was the opposite sex.

The Halloween Parade was spectacular that year. There were all manner of costumes from the conservative to the outlandish. People were cheering and egging the parade folk to behave in the most provocative manner. 

New York City in 1979 was still a very carefree and fun place to be as the AIDS pandemic had not changed the public’s attitude toward free love. There was no shortage of groping and risqué behavior in the parade and the crowd watching felt just as much a part of these escapades as those who were actively participating. 

Bobby enjoyed himself immensely and talked to a variety of people in the crowd as they all watched the exhibitionists strut by. He had chosen not to drink that night so he could keep his head clear. 

As the multitude of people passed, Bobby’s eyes gazed upon a mixture of women; some in costume some not. Naturally, he wanted to try to hook up with someone interesting. After an hour or so, he managed to lock his eyes upon one particular woman whom he found attractive. Not being the shy type, nature he went up and introduced himself to her. 

“Hey how are ya? Are you enjoying the parade?” asked Bobby, casually. Denise took a second to size up this handsome stranger with her eyes before she replied. “Yes, it’s totally awesome,” trying not to gush too much over the hunk before her.

Denise looked really pretty in her leather mini skirt and revealing top. She was not in costume either so at least she and Bobby were on common ground. She had long, black hair almost down to her ass. Her eyes were icy blue and her lips were cut into a perfect fig shape. As Bobby gazed into her eyes and admired her lips, he began to fantasize what those lips would look and feel like around his cock. He began to feel the familiar rumblings in his groin as his cock began to stiffen.

Denise undressed Bobby with her eyes. She had always been a rather forward woman and did not mind openly perusing what she desired. Her body also began to respond to Bobby, not so much, by what he said, but because he was drop-dead gorgeous. She began to feel her nipples stiffen and her pussy moisten.

“Hey Denise, would you like to hang out, or do you have somewhere to be?” I don’t want to hold you up any.” 

“No I don’t have any plans, and yes we can hang out for a while,” said Denise slyly, hoping she didn’t give too much away. 

The parade slowly made its journey down to its culmination at Washington Square Park. Much of the crowd was moving along with the people parading on their way either to the park or to the many Halloween parties that would be raging into the night. 

“Well would you like to go to the park Denise”, asked Bobby. He wanted to take her to a quiet place so they could talk, and more importantly, fool around. “Sure that would be fun! I love the park,” replied Denise. 

She also wondered what it would like to kiss Bobby, how he would taste and smell. The thought of this made her shudder slightly. She secretly hoped they could make out soon.

Much of their small talk was about the variety and flamboyancy of the costumes in the Parade. 

“What do you do here in Manhattan?” inquired Bobby, trying to steer the conversation away from their immediate environment and concentrate more on Denise. “Well I’m studying music at Julliard,” responded Denise, elated that Bobby had started to ask more about her. “Hey that’s great! what instrument do you play an?” The stunning beauty had piqued Bobby’s curiosity. “I play the French Horn,” she replied. “I love classical music.” 

The thought of her playing the French horn encouraged wicked thoughts as they sat on a wooden park bench. In his mind, Bobby thought: Well, it’s now or never and this would be a perfect opportunity to move in for the kill with this extremely sexy horn blower. 

“You know,” said Bobby lowering his voice to a husky tone, “it must take powerful lips and great lungs to play your instrument.” As he said this, he stared hard into Denise’s eye in an attempt to melt away any inhibitions she might harbor. 

“You’re absolutely right Bobby” cooed Denise, her heart racing, “it requires a lot of practice to blow and get a clear sound.” 

By this point, Bobby couldn’t hold back anymore. His cock that was steadily filling and was now as hard as a broom handle. His balls, also filled to the brim with seed, ached painfully for a spectacular release. He brazenly he didn’t bother to try and hide this new development from Denise. To make himself more comfortable he readjusted himself on the bench. 

Denise, flattered by his erection, felt her pussy become drenched with her arousal.

Bobby moved in. Their hungry mouths found each other as they kissed deeply, with mutual need. Bobby reached for her tits and fondled her stiff nipples. Not one to waste time, her hand grasped at his bulging crotch. 

“Oh God Denise you’re driving me insane. Lets go somewhere honey, I live on the Lower East Side if you want jump in a cab,” Bobby propositioned, breathlessly. 

Denise hesitated for a split second, thinking that this possibility of going back to his place violated all sensible rules of safety and, as turned on as she was, felt a little uneasy about going back to his place right that instant. She thought it best to stall for a bit, without having to forsake their mutual needs. 

“Sure, that would be great, Bobby but I want you so much now I could scream,” Denise hotly replied between kisses. “Isn’t there someplace we can go that’s closer?” 

Bobby thought a second and sighed, “I don’t have a car but maybe, if it doesn’t freak you out too much, we can try a quiet alley or maybe a doorway?” 

She thought about it for a moment and it sounded like an exciting, adventurous thing to try, doing it in the open where they might be caught. The mere thought of it made her even wetter than before, her panties sodden with cunt cream. “Mmm, I’ve never done anything like that before, outside that is,” she was quick to add. “I’m open to anything now Bobby. It sounds exciting.” 

As they walked, Bobby had his hand on her ass, massaging it, hoping they’d be able to find someplace soon. 

Finally, at MacDougal Street. he saw narrow alley in-between two storefronts that were closed at that hour. He said a silent prayer to himself that, the alley would be free of any number of hazards namely junkies, muggers or another couple who had the same idea. As they tentatively made their way to the back of the alley their only company were some feral cats who ran to a back fence and climbed it to escape the human intrusion on their miserable lives.

“Well it looks as though, the coast is clear, sweetie,” Bobby said in a low hushed tone. “Ok Bobby, but I just want to say now that much as I’d like to, I don’t want to fuck out here like this it’s just too risky. I want to go down on you, though, and I hope that’s ok, baby. I’m sorry.” 

“Oh that’s just fine sweetie, I’m totally with you on that” Bobby agreed.”

Fortunately, there was a milk crate and Bobby used his shirt to wipe off the grime on the bottom of it so Denise could sit down. “I want you to be comfy sweetie,” said Bobby as he leaned against the concrete wall. 

Denise sat down and, reached for his tented pants. She slowly unzipped his fly and gingerly fished her hand into his boxers. Bobby’s cock was average sized but it looked delicious and had a dollop of pearly pre-cum beaded up on the head. She inhaled deeply, savoring his manly, sweaty aromas and licked off his pre-cum with one swipe of her tongue. “Oh my! I was right, I knew you’d be just heavenly tasting, baby. You have a beautiful cock Bobby.”

“Thank you darling, now please suck it I need it so bad,” he moaned. 

Denise smiled to herself, slowly took his head into her mouth, and relaxed her throat as his length slid in almost to his hairy base. 

“Oh fuck yeah, Denise! I knew you’d be good, hot damn.” 

She breathed through her nose, slid her mouth off his slick cock, and added, “Remember honey, I play French horn, and I want to make some beautiful music right here and now. I want you to come in my mouth. Tell me when you’re about to come and I’ll be ready baby. Feed me!” 

Bobby, spurred by her raunchy words slowly started to hump her mouth. She felt so amazing. It was as if she could almost melt his throbbing cock with her velvet cavern. She took a break from his cock, slathered his sweaty balls with her tongue, and was even able to gently put her mouth around them.

As Denise explored his crotch, his musky, manly aroma intoxicated her. It was as if that alone was what coaxed her onward and upward so to speak, even though they were in a precarious situation in the open. However, she got past this easily and focused on her task. 

He began to fuck her face more forcefully and got close to coming. “Denise ohh god, I’m almost there sweetie.” He pulled out his cock, looked down at her pleading eyes, and decided to toy with her a little. 

“You want my load, don’t you baby? I want to hear you say it. I don’t think you deserve it,” he said in a stern voice, uncharacteristic of himself. 

“YESSS BOBBY! Please, oh please give me your hot come. Shoot it deep in my mouth. Please don’t torture me like this. I’m so hot that I’m close now too.” 

“Since you put it that way I can’t let you down,” he said huskily as he throttled his slimy cock slick with her saliva. “Get ready baby I’M GONNA BlOW, ARRRRRGGGGGHHHH!” He let out a low roar to not attract attention. 

Denise opened her mouth wide, stuck her tongue out lewdly, and awaited his ejaculation. She didn’t have to wait long as she watched his shuddering contorted face as it quickly turned red. His first spurt sailed effortlessly to the back of her throat and splashed up against the roof of her mouth. He must’ve shot at least three good-sized blasts of hot volcanic goo into her waiting, supple mouth. He almost filled it. 

As promised, she savored it on her tongue it’s sweet and slightly salty taste dancing across her tastebuds before swallowing it down. When she did this, her orgasm hit like a tsunami and her body shuddered violently as she flooded her panties with what felt like a gallon of pussy cream. They both writhed in total rapture in this narrow, fetid alley.

When they had both come down off their respective clouds and she’d laid her head in his spent crotch, only then did she speak.

“Bobby ohhh honey that was just too intense for words. I needed that badly. I don’t think I have to ask you if it was good. That would be a very stupid question.” 

“Denise when I saw those lips I knew it would be good even before it happened. Especially since you play the French horn by day,” he mused. 

Denise moaned slightly, “I don’t want this to end tonight baby. Would it be ok if you came back to my place with me? We will be much more comfortable there.” 

“Say no more!” For tonight Denise, my gorgeous horn blower, your wish is my command.” 

They made themselves as presentable as they possibly could in their alley, emerged from narrow space, and floated to the nearest subway at West 4th Street.