 Our meeting has been a very long time coming and you are buzzing with sexual frustration. However you are extremely excited that in just a few moments we will be face to face, our recent conversations about to become reality.

You arrive at the hotel and make your way to the front desk. You ask the concierge for my room number and she gives you a note from me that reads: "It's now or never Baby. I'm teasing my throbbing clit and slowly sliding my finger inside of myself thinking of you. Hurry and come upstairs. I'm in room ###..." 

You feel your knees slightly buckle as you read my words but you find the strength to make it to the elevator. You wonder if it would be quicker to take the stairs - maybe three at a time would do it. At that moment the elevator opens and you step inside. You shakily press the button to take you to my floor and impatiently wait for the doors to close. 

You wonder if I will be dressed or waiting at the door for you but when you get there, you find another note taped to the outside..... I tell you "... my fingers slide easily inside of me as I imagine your thick cock filling my honey pot. I'm moaning enough for the other guests to hear... You need to satisfy me ..." 

With your cock practically begging to be released from your pants, you quickly turn the door handle and step inside the room; your eyes hungrily searching for me. 

Darting to the bedroom door, you find a third piece of paper. Although you can hear my blissful sounds from the other side of the door, you stop to read the now familiar handwriting: "I am aching to cum for you. I'm moaning with pleasure thinking of you thrusting hard and fast into me, my fingers hurriedly sliding over my clit. I have to have you...Now..."

Trembling in anticipation you open the door and gasp at the sight before you. The room glows dimly with candlelight and the sweet scent of rose petals across the floor fills your nose and adds to the seductive atmosphere. Your eyes focus on me lying completely naked on the bed. My legs are spread apart giving you a good view of my glistening pussy. Knowing you're finally here, my head tilts back and I moan again loudly as I circle my throbbing clit with my hand. My hard nipples like candles on a cupcake...... 

I look at you and you can see my eyes are filled with so much desire for you. You don't need any words or direction - you almost rip your shirt off and make your way to the bed. Your hard cock now painfully erect almost bursts its way out of your pants. You can't wait to touch me. You look into my flushed face and kiss me, teasing with short and quick kisses. 

I'm hungry for you and wrap my arms around your neck, sliding my tongue into your mouth. With a loud groan you kiss me back passionately. I entangle my legs with yours and roll over taking you with me until you are underneath me. I straddle your waist and you can feel my wetness against your stomach. I lean forward to kiss you more and rub myself tantalisingly against your belly, just above your rigid cock. 

I stop to take a breather and sit up, still straddling you. You look in to my eyes and tell me how beautiful and amazing you think I am. You reach up to grab my breasts and I sigh with pleasure again, my hands mingling with yours as you touch me. 

Slowly and gently I reach for your fella, wanting to feel closer to you. I lower myself on to you and you almost burst when you enter me. Rhythmically I rock my hips against you, feeling you fill me over and over. Your thumb finds my clit and you begin rubbing me as well. With a gentle shout I start cumming, wild and hot; my whole body quivering so hard in ecstasy that you feel it too. My pussy muscles close tightly around you, and you almost lose control. 

I lean forward on to my hands and you keep thrusting into me, knowing that you are also close to cumming.... A few strong thrusts later and your long awaited orgasm rushes up to meet you, sending you also into a spiral of ecstasy. Your groans of pleasure mingle with my still erratic breathing and you think how wonderful it is to see me again.