 He was sitting on his couch, reading his newspaper, when he called out “Paige, can you come here for a moment?”  Paige was his maid, and therefore she immediately came to him on the couch.

“Yes Trent?” she asked, waiting for his order.

“I was wondering if you could get me another glass of orange juice,” he said, handing her his empty glass.  She dropped the towel that she had on her right arm, and bent over at the waist to pick it up; giving Trent a full view of the black thong she wore underneath her traditional maid outfit.  Trent watched intently, and as she was coming back up, he looked back to the paper he had on his lap.  She had “inadvertently” been dropping things and picking them back up for a few weeks, and each time she would make it very obvious to Trent.  She walked back in and handed him his orange juice, then walked back into the kitchen, giving her ass a little extra sway as she walked away from her employer.  He noticed of course, watching her move back and forth, he was 30, a Dot-com Millionaire, and also a widower, his wife died three years ago in a car accident, since then he had dated some, but had nothing serious.  He had hired Paige after his wife’s death to take care of all the things that she did for him outside of the bedroom.  She was about 25, was 5’5” and weighing around 125 pounds he figured, with long brown hair and a great smile; she had a great body under the uniform she wore. 

“Paige, are you done with all of your work yet?” he yelled to her.

“Of course” she responded from the kitchen, “What do you need?”

“I just need to ask you something.”

“OK” she walked into the living room, and stood in front of him.

“You can go ahead and take a seat,” he motioned with his hand the seat next to him, which is where she sat down,

“Paige, you’ve worked here for awhile, and I have a proposition for you, now, before I ask you, I want you to promise me that no matter what your answer is that you will still stay on as my maid.”  He said to her, clasping her hand as he said it.

“Of course I’ll stay on, I really enjoy working here Trent,” she was now worried at what he was going to say, not knowing what to expect, but her mind began thinking about what  it could be as she looked into his eyes, and he looked into hers.

“Well Paige, I’ve been noticing over the past few weeks how you seem to have taken the opportunity to put yourself on display, and because of this, I want to ask you if you would like to expand your duties here?”  

“Well, you are right, I have tried to show myself off to you, especially the last few weeks, my question is what kind of new duties are you talking about?”  She looked into his eyes, she knew what response she wanted to hear, and was watching him intently, wanting to hear him say the words.

“Well, you’d be a live in maid, you would take one of the guest bedrooms, and you would not just be my maid, but you’d be for lack of a better term, my sex slave.”  He looked up at her, wondering what her response would be, waiting to hear it.

She looked at him, and bit her lip, sitting there, wondering what she should do.  She got up off of the couch, and stood before him, then walked toward him, standing between his legs, and put her hand on his head, running her fingers through his brown hair.  The she leaned in and kissed him on the mouth, sitting down on top of him, straddling his legs, pushing him back against the couch as she forced herself onto him.  She broke the kiss, looking at him, smiling. 

“I’m guessing that’s a yes?” he said to her, his arms moving down behind her, holding her hips.  

“Yes, but before I fully agree to this, I have a few things that I need to know.  First, I would like a pay raise, since I will probably have to get new things to wear for you; I’ll need your help to move my stuff here; and am I not allowed to sleep with anyone else?” She spoke, quickly, wanting to get all of the questions out as they came into her head.

“Well, I would like for you to be monogamous, and of course I’ll help you move, and instead of having a salary, I can give you my credit card, I’d put you only a monthly limit, which would be higher than your current salary, would you rather have that?” 

“Yeah, I would,” she said, and then she began kissing his neck, whispering “I’ve wanted to do this for the last month” into his ear. She then moved back to his face, kissing his lips, and pushing her tongue into his mouth, his hands began fondling her ass roughly, and one hand moved underneath her body, reaching under her thong as he used one finger to rub her pussy lips, his finger sliding between them, then he inserted another finger into her, and she broke the kiss to let out a soft moan.  

Her arms wrapped around his head, as her moans grew in volume and his fingers repeatedly pushed in and out of her, her juices dripping on them.  She buried her head between his head and shoulders, and began breathing heavier; he could feel the heat of her breath on his neck, urging his fingers on, as he pushed them into her, as she threw her head back and screamed at the top of her lungs as she came by his touch for the first time.  Her body fell limp against him, her breathing still heavy, then she looked at him “After that demonstration, I accept your terms Trent,” and then she kissed him.  

“Great, now how about you get out of that uniform for me,” he said, leaning back on the couch.  She got up, standing in front of him, and began slowly lifting her dress up, as she turned away from him, letting him see her ass as she lifted her uniform up, letting him see her thong, and the tops of the stockings she wore, then her back, and finally the black bra she wore underneath her uniform.  She threw it onto a chair, and moved toward him, putting her body between his legs, and she turned around and unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor.  

She sat down on his lap, still not facing him, and grabbed his hands, letting him fondle her breasts.  She slowly turned in his lap, and smiled at him, then straddled him, his hands moving down to her thighs, and reaching around to fondle her ass.  She stood up and pulled her thong down, off of her body, and turned around and bent over, sticking her ass into his face as she let her thong fall down to the floor, and stepped out of it.  She returned to her spot on his lap, and kissed him, as her hands went down his shirt, unbuttoning it, then ripping it apart, and she began kissing his chest.  Then her hands moved down and undid his belt, and unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his fly, then kissed him and rolled over onto an empty seat on the couch.

“Well come on Trent, take them off,” she said, smiling at him.  He stood up, with an obvious erection, his pants dropped to the ground, and he put his thumbs in the waistband, and looked at her.

“Do you want to see it?” he asked her.

“Of course Trent,” he began slowly pulling his boxers down, letting her see his pubic hair, and the base of his cock, and then letting her see each inch after inch of it, until the waistband got beneath the head of it, and it sprang up at attention, Paige’s eyes were transfixed to it, and when he noticed, she looked at him and blushed.  Then he let his boxers fall to the ground and stepped out of them.  

“Since this is the first time the two of you have met, you should probably give him a little greeting,” Trent said, moving closer to Paige, who was sitting on the edge of her seat.    She moved down in front of him, kneeling, lightly stroking it, then she kissed the head of it, and stood up, and began kissing his neck.  “Do you know what I would like for you to do now Paige?” he asked, whispering it into her ear.

“I have an idea, but how about you tell me so I can be sure,” she said, nibbling on his ear, her hand wrapped around his cock, and lightly stroked it.

“I’d like for you to get a little closer to your new friend, maybe introduce it to your tongue, but don’t start sucking on it until I tell you, understand?”

“Yes sir, whatever you say,” she moved back down and kissed the head of his cock again, and licking the end with her tongue while she kissed it.  She licked the head of it, only letting the head go into her mouth, kissing it, making out passionately with it, her spit dripping down his cock, and his pre cum oozing onto her tongue.  He ran his fingers through her hair, and tilted her head up, looking into her eyes.

“Now that the two of you are better acquainted, I think that you should use that sexy mouth of yours and make love to it,” he kept running his fingers through her hair.  Her mouth went back to his cock, guiding it into her mouth, and building up her speed, taking long strokes, pushing her nose against his stomach, then drawing out until only the head was in her mouth.  She continued going faster and faster, her head bobbing back and forth on his cock until he grabbed her hair and held her head against his body and moaned softly as he came into her wet mouth, shooting each load one after another down her throat.  He let go of her hair and she swallowed and stood up in front of him.

“Thanks Trent, that really hit the spot,” she smiled at him, and went back onto the couch.  She looked into his eyes, as her hands moved down to her legs, feeling her thighs, and slowly spreading her legs wider and wider for him, letting her see the pink between her legs.  “Well come on Trent, you know what I want,” she winked at him, while she held her legs apart.  He moved forward, and kissed her, and pushed the head of his hard cock into her pussy, and moved it up and down the length of her slit.  Her head moved onto his shoulder, and whispered “stop teasing me Trent, I want it all” she tried to move her body closer to him, but he pulled his hips back.  He continued kissing her, feeling her pussy get wetter by his teasing, and when he was sure that she couldn’t stand it anymore, he shoved it inside of her as far as he could.  She moaned loudly as he entered her for the first time, his cock spreading her lips as he began pushing in and out of her.  

She moved to where she was lying down on the couch; and grabbed his ass and slapped it as he kept thrusting into her.  One of his hands moved to her breast, feeling it, rubbing her nipples, then kissing her neck, and hearing her moans grow louder and louder in his ear.  Her hands clutched his ass as she came loudly, screaming out in pleasure, they rolled over on the couch slowly, with him still inside of her, she began moving up and down on his cock, “I want you to cum inside me Trent.”  His hands moved to her hips, holding her as his head moved back her hands on his chest as she kept moving back and forth, then he moaned softly, and his hips moved up off the couch, and she could feel his cock pulse as he came inside her, her rhythm slowed, enjoying the feeling, then she collapsed onto his body, and kissed him.

“I love you Trent,” she said, resting her head on his chest.

“I love you too Paige,” he said, his arms wrapping around her body, holding her.