 ONE

I'd been eying him for a few weeks, now, John Henderson. He was some kind of athlete and had a great body, especially his well muscled back and cute bottom, but what I liked best was the way he said my name. We met at a Phi Delt party that Sue dragged me to, one of those out of control keggers that we usually avoid but she was sweet on this hunky Phi Delt who turned out to be a jerk and a pervert, but that's another story. 

John had been in a quiet corner talking to another guy about a race or something and I'd been pushed against him when some guy who'd had way too many trips to the keg tried to dance my way. John was very sweet and helped me up, and brushed me off gently as there was sand all over me. You see, they'd had this beach theme party the week before and had carted in loads of sand to pour all over their basement floor. It was gross. Anyway, I said I wanted to leave and he offered to walk me back to my dorm, as I hoped he would. We ended up going over to the Grill for a shake instead and it was such a great conversation. "Jamie," he'd said so seriously, "There's more to you than meets the eye." 

Asking around I found out that he was into the Christian group on campus and that made me uncertain about how to play it. I knew I wanted to get to know him but, if truth be told, I was also very horny. Listening to Sue's constant series of escapades was hard especially since I was a bit unsure of myself around guys, mostly, and I ended up masturbating a lot. So I went out with John a few times, to the tune of a good night peck once and awhile and I began to realize I'd have to take charge if I wanted to ratchet things up a notch. 

Sue was behind the seduction idea big time. She even gave me the ruse I needed – just wear a robe and ask for a massage or something, she said. He'll have to unwrap you at some point and then, girl, your "natural charms" should to the trick. Sue has small breasts, very pretty, but very small, and she is always commenting about my own D cups. Personally I find hers, with their long nipples, to be sexier than these big bags, but I know she and most of the world's men would disagree. 

So anyway, I called John last night to come over to my place to talk about rock climbing. Why climbing? Well the guy is mad about it and has been trying to get me to go, but I'm a little squeamish and told him I'd like to try out a climbing wall first. Well, when I called him, I told him I'd been to Jelly's Rock Gym and had a spill and he needed to come over and A) Explain to me why rock climbing was such a good idea again and B) figure out some way to soothe my bruises. I'm shameless. Anyway, he did come over ... 

TWO

It's right here, she whimpered, gingerly touching her ribs and looking at him out of the corner of her eye. John sighed. Do you have any skin lotion? She raised an eyebrow quizzically. I could massage out the bruise, he explained; I have some experience of that from cross-country. Jamie flushed and went quickly to the closet, drawing forth a tube of skin creme. 

Will this work? Just fine, John said, now lie back on the bed and relax. He took the tube of creme from her and knelt by her side. Jamie was even more flushed now and breathing hard – you have to relax John repeated – otherwise the massage will just tighten you up. Jamie let out a long sigh and lay still as John undid a few buttons of her nightdress, just below the large mounds of her breasts. Wait, she gasped suddenly, and grabbed his hand – what is it? – just make sure its warm first! She giggled becomingly. John squirted a healthy glob of the creme on his hand and then rubbed it vigorously between his palms. Jamie had lain back across the bed, her eyes closed, waiting. Gently John slid a palm under Jamie's nightdress and across her ribs, gratified to hear the girl gasp – too cold? No, it just right she breathed – the bruises are a little higher. John slid his other palm up the smooth chest – yes he said there seems to be some swelling. 

Their eyes met and Jamie lost the pretence and grabbed his arm, pulling his hands up her ripe, heaving breasts, pleading with her eyes wide open now – do it! she hissed, I've wanted you to for so long and John gave in, letting his fingers luxuriate with those amazingly soft silky globes, gently pinching the hardening nipples that he found rising to meet his touch. Oh god! Jamie breathed, and instantly shuddered as her excitement and his touch brought her to the first of a series of small quaking orgasms. 

John kept one hand on a beautiful breast and with the other undid the rest of the buttons of the nightdress. Jamie's hands meanwhile, clutched her own breasts, one of them holding John's fingers in place over her throbbing nipple. She wore a simple pair of white panties speckled with tiny flowers. He glanced up at her closed eyes; her face radiated passion. Let me look at you, he said. Her eyes opened and she released his hand, cupping her breasts as he stood up, hovering over her. 

No bruises. No. She giggled. Do you mind? Not at all, he said, it's a charming way to be seduced. He gently traced one finger between the globes of her breasts and down her tummy, hooking it in the elastic of those cute panties. He paused. Please, she whispered, I'm so hot, and she raised her hips from the bed. He tried to whip them off with a flourish but he got stuck somewhere around her knees and she laughed awkwardly and wriggled to help him till he was struck suddenly by the absurdity of it all and collapsed laughing, too, on top of her. 

Soon he inhaled a nipple and laughter gave way to passion, his hand slipping past her downy mound to find her, indeed, hot and wet with need, her lips slippery. Wild moans escaped her now and her own hand fumbled for his penis, still hidden in his clothing but achingly hard at the amazing slippery wetness of her. Eagerly their hands explored each other and it was his turn to wiggle his hips as she drew him from his sweatpants, panting – I've never seen one before! This gave him pause but he felt the ripple of an orgasm clutch around his probing finger and was lost now himself, rolling over her eagerly as she parted he legs and settled to catch his first excited thrust. A long groan from each of them as he slid home and he thought, she's so tight, but that was all as the world become a rhythm of sensation, soft and smooth and full of gentle, eager sounds. 

When it was over he pushed himself up on his elbows over her. Her eyes were still closed, he cheeks still flushed and she was beautiful. But the question. Your first time? No. My boyfriend in high school was shy and we did it in the dark with most of our clothes on. You're mostly naked now. And loving it, she breathed sleepily, and he felt he tighten somewhere deep within, gently squeezing his fading but still firm member. 

THREE

We were still lying together when Jamie's roommate came through that door and woke us up. Oh, she said, I'm sorry and turned to leave as I was still trying to figure out where I was. But Jamie was instantly awake and rolled me off of her impatiently. Wait, Sue, she said, I want you to meet him! John put your pants on! She slipped out from under me and strode, her robe still hanging open, to the door and grabbed Sue's shoulder. 

I fumbled for my clothes hearing Sue say: well I see your plan seems to have worked - and the two collapsed against each other laughing. Damn, I thought, these girls are in league here and I'm just a toy in a bigger game. Now what? Sue, said Jamie, all mock seriousness now that I had my pants on, this is my friend John Henderson. John, Sue Miller. Yeah, I knew who she was – She ran track in the spring, middle distance, and had a pretty hot reputation among the guys on the squad, though I'd never met her before. 

I've seen you run, I said, taking her small, finely boned hand, 800 right? Her hand was hot and her grip disturbingly strong. She smiled and we exchanged pleasantries but Jamie suddenly gasped and whipped off her robe, running buck naked to her closet. I was astonished. Is this typical behavior around here? Sue laughed again – a nice laugh, I thought and Jamie stepped into some panties, again with the little flowers. 

I have to meet professor Higgins about that research project tonight – In ten minutes in fact. Damn it! She put a foot up on the bed and draped her bra over her knee, hooking it around her waist and harnessing those beauties out of sight. Sue had pulled a blouse and a pair of jeans out of the closet and tossed them on the bed. 

It's a chance to be an RA next year for Higgins doing pysch research, Sue said; I'm already on board and it's a great opportunity. I'm sorry, Jamie now, as she buttoned the blouse, I know this kind of takes the romance out of things dressing in front of you like this. No, no, I said, go for it, Higgins is great. I was still a little woozy and sat on the bed as Sue handed Jamie a brush. Such great chestnut brown silky long hair, but a tangle now and Jamie scratched futilely at it on her way out the door, getting a good luck peck from Sue on her way out. Take care of John for me, and she was gone.

FOUR

Do you need taking care of, Sue asked, her eyebrow an arch, her face amused. I realized that I hadn't put my boxers on and they were lying on the floor at her feet. I wondered how to go about picking them up and getting out the door. Jamie was easy to handle, so earnest and innocent and lovely, but I didn't quite know how to take this one. She was dressed in a pair of wind pants and a long sleeved tee shirt, sweaty. She'd been running. 

I guess you'll want to be changing, I said – I'll just collect my things and go. No you don't she said and put her hands on my very bare chest, holding me to the bed, I want to at least get a few words from the guy Jamie's been gushing about. Her touch was light now, but I could still feel the heat of her in her palms. She let her hands slide softly off my chest and I felt a trickle of sweat beat on my forehead. 

Turn away and I'll just throw on a sweatshirt; she whirled and crossed her arms, pulling off the tee before I even had a chance to look away. I turned my head, but not enough that I couldn't see her whip off her halter top next. Nothing sexier than a woman's bare back, I thought as she dropped a big sweatshirt, probably Jamie's over her frame and wriggled out of the windpants. Probably out of her panties too – I thought I'd caught a flash of bottom but I turned quickly to the window as she spun around. There, she said, now tell me about you two. A bounce and she was sitting near me on the bed, one finely shaped leg crossed over the other, a good deal of lovely bare thigh exposed.

Well, Sue, I actually think you know as much about it as I do – you seem to be all over our scene tonight! She laughed, throwing her head back and exposing a deliciously long white neck. I'm guessing you probably enjoyed that "scene" immensely, she said, her eyes alight, Jamie is really a very sensual girl and you must admit she has a great body, you know – we both got an eyeffull just now!

I was not in my element here and it got worse as she looked me up and down appraisingly – you're not too bad yourself, purring, looking for my eyes; I'll bet you made the room ring with Jamie and I'll hear all about it from the neighbors. She rolled her eyes prettily in the direction of the wall. I imagine Jamie's quite the moaner. 

I decided to try to brazen it out – I had to do something – Mr. Happy was straining at my sweatpants again with a dull throbbing ache and this would soon be all too apparent. Oh come on, I said, you don't have to ask me – I'm sure you guys compare notes all the time. Too late ... I was blushing furiously and my voice cracked. Why John, she said, I seem to have unsettled you – It's OK darling, Sue doesn't bite. 

I'll be damned if the little minx didn't put her hand right on top of my hopeless erection - but I do suck, she whispered and in a flash she had those pants pulled free of my penis and her hot warm mouth firmly placed over the head. I gasped in astonishment, my hands raised helplessly. She had me, she certainly did, as her tongue fluttered at my tip and her small hand wrapped firmly about my shaft, pumping. 

Sue! I managed to stammer, but she paid no attention, her other hand pushing again at my chest, powerfully this time (this girl has got to lift!) as she slid around to crouch between my legs, and Good Lord, that mouth, that heavenly tongue! I was just on the verge of giving in both totally to the moment and physically to an orgasm when she stood up and drew the sweatshirt over her head. She was, indeed, totally naked. 

Wow. A tight, compact little body accented with long hard nipples and a neatly trimmed patch of dark hair. Not yet, lover, she said, and placed a knee on either side of my thighs, straddling me, I need a good fuck. I groaned helplessly as she grasped my dick firmly and positioned herself to slide over it, a look of such concentration and lust on her face. When she was firmly on me she leaned her pointy breasts against me and whispered in my ear I love how much you taste of her. Damn. I lost it, I was coming buckets and she hadn't even begun yet. Somehow I knew this wouldn't satisfy a woman like Sue.

FIVE

Sue gasped with disgust and frustration and pushed John back on the bed, slipping off of him. Sorry, John said weakly, I'm not used to this. She sighed, her hand reaching down to find her clit and her eyes again appraising him. With a spring she was on the bed, sitting split in front of him, those great legs spread invitingly, holding her delicate pussy open. All is not lost – you can still eat me. 

He stared in fascination at her petalled opening, glistening between her fingers, than up at her pretty, intense face. But I don't know how. You'll learn – she leaned forward a grasped his ear forcefully, pulling his face down between her thighs. Her scent was pungent, powerful, a heady rush that made him dizzy with excitement. 

Use your tongue, her whispered command and he gingerly snaked out the required organ, touching it directly to her engorged clit, though he didn't know just what he was touching, or rather, tasting. Yes, she breathed, oh yes, and her hands more gently but still commanding pressed his face more firmly into her crotch. 

Thus began John's first experience with cunnilingus, with Sue's hands to guide him gently here, more frenzied there, using his ears to steer when she needed to and all the while calling out a stream of expletives that, coupled with the new sensations, soon had John's cock raging hard, though very sore, again. Oh yes, fuck ... oh just there shit, suck it, SUCK IT you bastard – yes! 

She was screaming and suddenly John wanted her, wanted her hard and furious and he thought to himself, what about the neighbors now, bitch – surprised as hell to hear even the internal curse as he raised himself up and plunged furiously into her. She responded just as vigorously, her digging into his shoulders and she wrapped her body athletically around him – amazing him – she'd seemed so small, and drew him in and in and in. Damn!

SEX

I was lying on the bed reading when Jamie came back, whistling. You're right, Sue, Higgins is great – and she's really glad we'll be working together! I rolled on my side to look at her. You must like that sweatshirt a lot, Sue – you wear it all the time – tell you what, in honor of our getting the project together, I'll give it to you – no, for I was shaking my head – it's yours! 

Jamie can be so demonstrative. That's great, Jamie – I really do like this shirt – it makes me feel so ... cozy; I sat up inside the shirt pulling my knees to my breasts. I was still naked under the shirt and I loved the feel of my own nipples pressing against my legs. Sit down and tell me, I said, patting the bed, but not about Higgins – I want to hear about John. Oh! She blushed at once. 

She'd been unzipping those jeans and tried to change the subject. What were you thinking giving me these pants to wear tonight? I haven't fit into them since freshman year. She sighed - I look like a cow in them! Jamie, I said seriously, that little episode earlier should've convinced you what I've been telling you all along. You are beautiful – perfect. 

And she was, especially becoming now in her blouse and panties ensemble. She came to my bed and sat down beside me, put her hand on my shoulder. I'm so sorry that you had to walk in on us! I laughed – don't worry about it – it's tit for tat anyway – how many times have you had to put up with my lovers? And anyway, I hastened to add, wickedly, it was quite a turn on! 

She grabbed a pillow to hit me and I sprang up laughing. You didn't come on to him, did you – her eyes were concerned, poor kid. Of course not, I said, but he sure does have a great bod! No wonder you were so hot – I grabbed a pillow, too, because she came after me laughing with relief maybe but more with the sheer excitement of the day, and I ducked under her blow, pushing into her with my head and driving her back on the bed. 

I dropped the pillow and sprang on top of her, going for her ticklish places, along her ribs, between her thighs. She whooped and wriggled but I was merciless. Please, she gasped, I'll pee my pants! I collapsed on top her, giggling too, liking the way her breasts felt pillowed beneath me. One of my hands was trapped between her thighs and on impulse I began squeezing gently. I don't think she noticed, her breasts heaving under me. 

I looked into her eyes. Jamie? She caught the weird note in my voice and my other hand toyed with the buttons on her blouse. Yeah? What was he like – in bed, I mean? Oh Sue! She was blushing again. A lot of that going around in this room today. Come on, I said, I'll tickle you again unless you tell me, and my hand slid through the opening I'd made in her blouse, around to her ribs. They were slick with skin lotion or something, still. It felt awesome. 

If you must know he was great – just great, her eyes went far away and I stroked her sides and squeezed her thigh more urgently, higher. What did he do? Oh, it was just like you said, I asked him to give me a massage and he was enchanted by my breasts. Any guy would be, I said and, straddling her, drew both of my hands up to her full, luscious globes. Did he play with your nipples? I rubbed them to life through her bra. 

Sue! She gasped, the flush spreading down her neck. I would have, I said, and tweaked them. Jamie struggled under me but I slipped one hand quickly down between us and she gasped in surprise. Let me, I whispered, my eyes on hers, I've wanted to - I want you so much. To my astonishment she reached down to push her panties off of her hips, a wild look coming over her pretty face. I know she whispered, oh I know .... 

SEVEN

I guess I'd wanted Sue for longer even than I'd wanted John. I just didn't know it until she came on to me like a house on fire. Ever since I'd made love to John, I'd felt so sensual, swinging my hips in those tight jeans, enjoying the delicate kiss of the wind on my skin on my walk to Higgins office. I'd even taken notice of how full professor Higgins' lips were! 

And Sue – I suppose in many ways I'd always loved her, but none so much as when she went down on me, gentle but eager, her lips finding me, the very essence of me, and drawing me out and into her. I couldn't believe how good it felt, and soon my hips were bucking with the sensation, but I froze when she drew her nail down the edge of my labia, her mouth still on my clit. It was too much – I couldn't move for pleasure – but there was still more to come as she let that finger, and another, and maybe more, I couldn't tell any more, slide into me, and out, and in and I was coming and coming and coming and felt like it would never, could never stop. 
