 After emptying my second load of hot spunk into Amanda's quivering asshole, I rise up to look down upon my spent conquest. She is lying there whimpering, muttering some incoherent gibberish as the remains of my jizz seeps out of her anal ring and is pulled down by gravity toward her taint and swollen pussy. A more erotic sight I have never seen before. She is face down, her mussed up hair pushed aside, droplets of my sweat still coat her back. Her ass cheeks bear the reminders of our heat, with finger marks and red spots where I slapped them moments earlier.

I realize now what I have done and how enthralling this experience has been. After years of milquetoast conventional sex at home, I was now in possession of the prize I had been dreaming of for so long. Leaving no possible chance of screwing this up, I decide to act aggressively and quickly to secure my newfound pleasure toy, while she was still warm and malleable.

I head into the bathroom to hit the shower before leaving for work without a word to her. By the time I finish, she is just rolling over onto her back. She must have been semiconscious after such powerful orgasms. She looks up and sees that I am preparing to leave. With a sad look, like a little girl being disappointed, she asks me if I must go, just as I anticipated.

I take this opportunity to manipulate her further, moving over towards the bed and pulling her to her feet. I look in her eyes and tell her how incredibly hot she is, and how much I enjoyed being with her. I kiss her long and wet, but pull back just as she is wanting more. I ask her if we can do this again soon and her eyes light up. I tell her that I want to make her feel good all over again, but that she will have to be patient and wait for my call. She pouts but I shrug it off and walk out the door with her cell number but without further discussion.

That evening, I decide to move ahead to secure my prize. On my way home from work, I call her. She answers my call breathlessly, immediately telling me how she has never been fucked like that before, and how much she enjoyed it. I play along and ask her if she might like to do it again sometime. At that, she tells me that sometime better be soon. I tell her how sexy she is and how tasty her pussy is in my mouth, getting her warmed up. But when she begins to get into it, I cut her off and tell her I have to go, but that I will get back to her, then I hang up abruptly. It is all part of my plan to make her want it more.

Around 830 pm, I tell my wife that I am going to go for a late workout and sauna/steam, and that she should go to bed instead of waiting up for me. She never suspects anything as I do this fairly regularly. As I exit my building, I call Amanda and as she answers, I softly whisper "Is your son asleep yet?" She takes a second to register who is calling, but quickly recognizes the opportunity and tells me that she can take care of that right away.

"I want you to get him to sleep as quickly as possible. I am going to come over there and ravage your entire body, and use you for my own pleasure. After you put him down, I expect you to put on your sexiest pair of panties, and a robe, and let me in when I buzz the door." I hang up before she can respond.

I give her 10 minutes to accomplish the task before I press her door buzzer. On the elevator ride up to her apartment, I feel my dick stirring from the extra Viagra I took a little while ago. I want to be certain that my cock is hard like steel for her and that I can go for a long session. She comes to the door in a short silk robe that is loosely tied at the middle.

I turn as she closes the door and immediately lift my shirt off. She looks at me and without a word, she drops to her knees in front of me. She rubs the outline of my cock through my sweatpants, and I see her tongue run over her lips. She is on fire already, without me even touching her. I hook my fingers into my boxer briefs and yank them down to my thighs, freeing my hardening cock in front of her face. Like a hungry baby, she grabs my shaft in her fist and moves forward to envelop my cock in her mouth.

As I look down on her chewing on my knob, I cannot help but feel like I have entered a porn film. She is sucking my cock like a woman possessed. I decide to go with it and put my hands on her head to begin power fucking her face. I feel her gagging but also welling up with saliva so I dont let go. I just keep bobbing her mouth up and down my shaft, pausing now and then to let her breathe and to take in the sight of the strands of saliva and precum coating her face as she gobbles me in. I begin to talk dirty to her which only seems to further rev her up.

"You like my cock in your throat, babe?"

"umhmmm,,,gurgle...mmm...ooooommmmm..."

I look down to watch her swallow virtually all of my shaft, feeling my pisshole tickling her tonsils and her soft fingers kneading my nutsack underneath. I also notice that her left hand is now under her robe and she is clearly fingering her own cunt while she blows me. Its a powerful sight seeing this while feeling the suction trying to pull the cum right up out of my balls. I realize that no man can keep this up for very long without shooting his load, so I decide to move on to a new activity. I pull back from her lips to release my dick, and she looks up at me quizzically, as if to wonder how I could possibly want her to stop sucking.

I lift her chin to get her to standup, and I immediately thrust my tongue in her mouth, kissing her hard and deep and wet. I move to her earlobe and murmur "I need this.." as my finger slides down her ass crack to her pink rosebud. She turns around so I am facing her back now, almost instictively, and moves forward towards the end of the couch. I bend her over so that she is lying face down over the cushion, her ass up in the air, her wet cuntlips swollen and juicy from behind. I kneel down before her luscious ass and, using both hands to pull her cheeks apart, begin my oral assault on her asshole.

Nothing makes me more crazed than eating a sexy woman's asshole. My dick gets so fucking hard from the taste and smell of that musk. As well as she was just sucking my cock, I am working even harder to drive my tongue deep and up into her asshole, to reach her sensitive spots, while my fingers move underneath and onto her clit. My dick is like a diamond now, but he must wait. I need to completely break down any resistance she may have left. To do so, I need to make her crave my cumload.

I feel the initial rumblings of her oncoming orgasm, as she pushes her ass back onto my face and tongue, moaning louder as she gets closer to the moment. I take another finger and now I am working both fingers in and out of her cunt like a saw, reching deep up and in to reach her g-spot. There is a torrent of sticky wetness pouring from her cunt, but now as she is almost there, it begins to flow more heavily, coating my fingers and now my wrist. Suddenly, she locks up and starts to quiver and a low roar emits from her throat, gutteral and raw. I slide my tongue as far as it will go into her asshole and press my thumb hard on her clit. This combination sends her over the edge, and with a shocking roar, I feel her pussy juices gush out of her vagina and down my arm, and then she just falls forward limply, apparently out cold.

After about a minute, I do not speak, but rather, I just stand up, move behind her so I am just positioned for entry, and reach down and rub a gob of my own saliva and her pussy and ass juices from my mouth onto my cockhead. She is still bent over the arm of the couch. I use my right hand to pull her ass cheeks apart , and she groans as she now knows what is coming. I feel her lift her ass up higher in anticipation of my shaft entering her bowels. I pop the head of cock into the ring of her little pink asshole, and feel the wetness mix with the tight heat surrounding my cockhead

When the head is in, I ask her, "Do you want this?", knowing that she would beg for it if necessary. Without a word, I feel her lift up and press herself back onto me, impaling her asshole on my dick shaft. Slowly but steadily, I move forward in time with her, and with a few short thrusts, I am in her balls deep, like fucking a wet visegrip that is on fire.

Upon my final thrust forward, she grunts several times as I reach the nether depths of her rectum. I begin to fuck her ass willfully and deliberately, pounding all the way in, then pulling way back until just the head is inside. Over and over, I feel the lubrication and the friction building along the surface of my cock. I lean over to kiss her back and yank her head back by her hair. Bent over her, I tell her how hot she is and bite down on her neck. She is groaning and mumbling again as she builds to another cum.

"I want you to swallow my cum baby"

I begin to fuck her harder and deeper, thrusting my entire body into her asshole with vigor. She is now prone and has lost all muscle control as I hold her up by my cockshaft. With a few final thrusts, I am now ready to shower her with my delight.

I pull out and quickly climb around her onto the couch. She looks up to see my wet sticky cock in fromt of her face, and she does my bidding by opening her mouth to accept my cock from her dirty ass. I lay the head on her willing tongue as I stroke off the final few tugs, seeing my precum coat her gums. With a loud grunt, I begin to shoot another big creamy load of spunk onto her tongue and face. I then pull back slightly to coat her cheeks with my remaining jizz. I paint her face with it, coating her, making her look like the sexy little slut whore she is. She laps at it and swallows whatever she can.

It is now abundantly clear to me that this woman will do anything for more of my cock. If she will take my ass coated dick and swallow it down without a bit of complaint, I cant imagine there is much that she wont do for me. We will soon find out...