 It all began last summer when I got a new job. I was 24 years old, had a new job in a new office with new people and was loving life. I began the day just like any other while at a new job, getting to know my new co-workers, learning where everything was in the office, and beginning to my new job responsibilities... rather mundane if you ask me, but that's the way things go. So I went off to lunch. I live close to my office, so I went home to eat. When I returned an hour later I parked my car in the designated lot. As I was walking toward the entrance of the building I took a glance over to the smokers' crowd gathered near the picnic table that was in the grass off to the side. I saw a woman from my office together with some workers from the other offices in the building. I smiled and waved to my co-worker to be polite, not wanting to tick anyone off on my first day. As I was turning back toward the door I noticed her, a beautiful brunette that I had a hard time taking my eyes away from. She didn't notice me staring at her as she was talking to some other the other people gathered around so I took a second to drink in her appearance before I peeled my eyes from her so as to avoid being seen ogling her. She was sitting, so it was hard to tell how tall she was, but she was facing me so I could see her large brown eyes, ample breasts, knee-length skirt above sexy tanned legs standing in 3 inch heels. She appeared to be somewhere around my age and I knew that I had to meet her. 

From then on my head was on a swivel as I passed by the other offices in the building, trying to catch a glimpse of this beauty to find out where she worked. I looked for her outside at the smokers' table. I eyed everyone as they got out of their cars to see if I could determine which was hers. For the next month or so I kept this up, trying to learn all that I could about her to no avail. As time passed my obsession faded, almost to the point of forgetting about her. Then, as I was returning from a work assignment one day I got out of my car and noticed her sitting at the table, alone this time, having a cigarette. She was again clad in a nice skirt and blouse combo, but this time had sunglasses on hiding her beautiful eyes. Being that I am mostly a shy guy, there was no way I could just walk over and strike up a conversation with her. Instead, I threw my shoulders back and walked toward the entrance of the building, deciding that I would give her a nice smile, say hello and hope that the next time I saw her I could talk to her more. That plan went exactly as planned. She kindly returned my greeting with a hi and a smile and I went about my way. Reinvigorated, I began looking for her around every corner again. A few days later I was looking out my office window and saw her heading over to her green Volkswagen Beetle. I made a mental note to keep my eye out for the Beetle. 

Again our paths didn't cross for a few weeks. The weather was turning colder and the smokers dwindled outside. I knew my shot at seeing her there was almost gone and I was resigned to the thought that I this was going to be harder than I thought. As fall was in full effect, the rains came and the ceiling in the office next to mine began leaking. As this office was empty, and I was still the "new guy", I was asked to go down to the property manager's office and let them know about the leak. Begrudgingly, I walked downstairs to their office. As I walked through the door, the smiling face of the three hundred pound secretary greeted me. "Great," I though, "just what I needed." But out of the corner of my eye, I saw another face peaking out from behind a computer screen. It was her! I was about to change direction and head over to her desk to mention the leak when she answered the phone. As I was swearing inside my head I realized that this was a blessing in disguise. 

"Good afternoon, this is Gia. How can I help you?" she said to the caller. 

Now that I had learned her name, my trip was not a total loss. I walked over to the other woman, told her who I was and informed her of the problem up in our office. She said she would send someone up to take a look and thanked me for letting them know. As I turned to leave and head back upstairs, Gia was hanging up the phone. 

"Hi," I said as I flashed a smile. 

"Hello. Is there anything else I can help you with?" she inquired 

What went through my head was that I could sure use her help with something, too bad we were at the office and not somewhere more private. My cock ached seeing her smile. I walked close to her desk and was afforded a perfect view of the top of her breasts as the top of her button-up shirt peeled back toward her collarbones. But alas, I was not able to come up with anything witty so I muttered, "No thanks, I think I am all set." 

As I left the office I stopped just around the corner from their door. I heard her ask the other woman, "Who was that?" 

"His name is Nick, he works upstairs at the law firm," she replied 

"He's really cute. What did he want?" Gia asked 

"The ceiling in their office is leaking. He is pretty cute, isn't he? Do you think he would go for someone older?" she asked sarcastically 

"I hope not. He's mine." she replied 

Well that is all it took for my cock to jump to life. I quickly hurried back up to my office before anyone could see that I was eavesdropping on their conversation, not to mention the fact that I was pitching a pretty good tent in my pants. As my erection subsided I vowed to redouble my efforts to get in Gia's pants. 

About a week later it was again raining and the ceiling was leaking even more than last time. Seeing as no one had ever come to look at the ceiling the last time, I was sent back downstairs to bring someone back up with me to look at the problem. 

I didn't even hesitate getting up from my desk and hurrying down. My plan was to avoid eye contact with the other woman and to head straight for Gia's desk. As luck would have it, the chair behind the desk straight in front of the door was empty, so I turned toward Gia. She was on the phone a held up one finger signaling to hold on a minute and she'd be with me. She also gave me a wonderful smile. I stood next to her desk, waiting for my chance to talk to her again. I leaned on the counter attached to it and waited while she tried to calm down an annoyed client. I hated the fact that I was going to have to complain to her as well, but didn't worry about it as it wasn't my choice, it was our boss who sent me down. 

She let out a sign as she hung up the phone. Composing herself, she smiled again and said, "Hey there, sorry for making you wait. What's up?" 

"Well, sounds like you just got done talking to one person complaining about something and I hate to also, but our ceiling is leaking and no one's been up to look at it yet." 

"Damn it," she huffed. "I told them five times to come up and look at that roof. I'll go tell my boss to send someone up right now." 

"No good," I replied. She shot me an inquisitive look so I quickly added, "My boss will have my head if I don't bring someone back up with me right now to take a look at it." She told me that the person who was in charge of this building was not in at the moment and that wasn't going to be possible. I asked her if there was anyone who could just come look so that I could avoid getting in trouble, even if they didn't do anything. "It doesn't bother me any, it's not my office that's leaking. I just don't want any trouble since I am still relatively new." 

With a smile, she asked, "What if I come take a look around and see if there's anything I can do temporarily? Will that work?" 

Trying to play it cool and not let her know how excited I was that she proposed that idea, I said calmly, "I would really appreciate it. You'd be doing me a big favor. I'll owe you one." 

"No problem at all," she replied. "I'd be happy to help. I'm Gia." 

With that, she stood up from her chair, came around the front of her desk and extended her hand. I extended mine in return and said, "My name's Nick. It's nice to meet you." I always felt awkward about saying that when I had already conversed with someone. But it wasn't an issue; she said "very nice to finally meet you, too." Was I dreaming? Did she say finally? Did she want to meet me as much as I had wanted to meet her? 

I smiled inside and asked, "Shall we go up?" "Let's!" she said. We moved toward the door and, wanting to make a nice impression, I reached out, opened the door and ushered her through with my hand at the small of her back. Trying not to seem to grabby I just lightly touched the back of her shirt. Once through the door she turned her head back and thanked me. As we headed for the stairs it dawned on me that being a gentleman had paid off, not only did I make a nice impression, but she was now walking in front of me. Her beautiful, round ass swayed in front of me. She was wearing a khaki colored skirt that came down to just above her knees. Very professional, I thought. She was wearing brown heels that made her calves look absolutely perfect. My eyes wandered back up and noticed her matching brown shirt and with her hair up, I could see her neck running up and the back of her ears. Something about this made me start to get hard inside my pants. Oh what I would give to run my hands all over her body and kiss my way up and down her neck, licking and suckling at her earlobes. The stiffness in my pants was growing more and more so I tried not to ogle her anymore, but I couldn't contain myself. 

We made conversation on the way upstairs. It was only two flights, so it didn't take long. We made our way to the leaky office and she looked around for a minute hoping that someone from my office would come by and see her, therefore verifying that I did what they had asked me to do. Just then my boss's receptionist walked through the hall and saw us looking around the leaky office. She had to put her 2 cents in and tell Gia that the leak was getting progressively worse and we needed it fixed right away, etc. When she left, Gia's and my eyes met and together we rolled them at the needless banter of my coworker. We both laughed at this. Her smile was intoxicating. My erection, which had thankfully subsided a bit, came growing back. And this time it was no semi. I was fully erect and was having a hard time hiding. I thanked Gia for coming up and helping me out and told her again that I really appreciated her doing it. As much as I wanted to stay in her presence, I knew that her catching me with a hard-on would ruin my chances with her and wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. It was too late, however, and I saw her looking down at the significant bulge in my pants. Slowly she lifted her eyes to mine, grinned at me and said, "Is there anything else I can help you out with?" 

If my jaw didn't drop to my chest, it certainly felt like it. I tried to stammer out a reply, but it was useless. Instead, all I could muster was, "I...uhhh...I...ummm...what?" Again, I figured I was ruining my chances with her, but she walked over to me and put her hand on my crotch and repeated, "Is there anything else I can help you with?" She looked deep into my eyes then winked at me and squeezed my cock slightly. The goofy fool that I was responded, "Sure!" She giggled at me and asked where we could go. I led her into my office, which was next to the one we were in, and closed the door behind us. I couldn't lock the door as that would be suspicious and I didn't want to alert anyone that something was going on so we had to be quiet and secretive about how to pull this off. I informed her of this and she just smiled and pushed me around behind my desk and into my chair. The next thing she did blew my socks off; she got onto her knees and crawled under my desk. She told me to sit there like I was using my computer and to let her take care of the rest. 

Once she was under the desk and situated, I pulled my chair in. I didn't have to wait long as I felt her slender fingers reach for my cock and start to grope and squeeze it. She moved her hand up to my zipper and slowly opened it. Then she slid her hand inside my pants, through the opening in my boxers and found my aching erection. Her touch sent a bolt of electricity through my body, radiating to my finger tips and toes. My body jerked a little. I looked down to see her giggling at this, but she continued to fondle me. At that time, she pulled my cock out of my pants. I could feel her hot breath on me as she moved her head closer to me. She blew cold air on me to make me shiver and it worked. My body again jerked in my chair. I looked down at her and pleaded with her not to tease me anymore. She asked me what I wanted her to do. "Taste me," I begged. She didn't hesitate. She ran her tongue around the head of my cock so many times I lost track. She then slid her tongue up and down the shaft of my dick, coating the entire length with a mixture of her saliva and my pre-cum. I kept looking down at what she was doing. She stopped and told me to look busy in case someone came in. I had almost forgotten where we were. Holy shit. I was in my office and anyone could come in here at any moment. I began to worry slightly, but surveying the situation, I felt pretty comfortable that if I could keep a straight face, then everything would be okay. She was completely concealed under the desk. 

Content with how slick my cock was becoming, Gia pulled back and began pumping my cock with her hand wrapped around me. She was moving slowly, but deliberately. Her other hand then reached inside my pants and found my balls. She pulled them through the zipper of my pants and continued rolling them in her hand while she slid her hand up and down my cock. She licked the pre-cum dripping out of me and flashed her smile up to me. 

"Ready?" She simply asked. All I could do was nod my head up and down. Again she giggled a little bit before sinking her head down and inhaling my cock to the back of her mouth. I felt it hit the top of her throat and then get sucked down in. I had never been deepthroated before and now here I was getting a killer blowjob in my office. As she began working my dick in and out of her mouth, I was watching her puffy lips slide along my shaft. Watching it happen made it all that more arousing for me. I knew I wouldn't last long as her expert blowjob technique was working its magic on me. In the back of my mind I thought that was a good thing seeing as where this was all taking place. I put that thought out of my head though and tried to concentrate on having this last as long as possible. This was too good to let be over quickly. I let my mind wander with the pleasure of her sucking and slurping on my cock. I felt tingly all over my body as she worked her hand onto my cock now sliding up and down what her mouth couldn't cover. I've never considered my well-hung or anything like that, but I was not ashamed of my 7 inches. She continued sliding up and down, moaning ever so often. When she did I could feel it vibrate through my cock to my balls, which she was still massaging. As she kept pumping my cock with her hand, she removed her mouth to let her tongue flick over the head of my cock and tease me some more. She stopped to ask how it all felt. The only response I could utter was a groan. At this, she went back to work on me; this time more invigorated. She was sucking my cock without a care for what noise she might be making. I could feel my balls tightening and that familiar feeling. I knew it would only be another minute or so before I exploded in her mouth. 

Just then, I heard footsteps outside my door. They were growing louder and I knew they were headed for my office. I think Gia felt me tighten up and got the message. She slowed her assault on me to a calmer pace, but did not stop what she was doing. I heard a knock at my door. I tried to put a normal look on my face as I said, "Come in." 

My boss's secretary, Linda, came in and asked what "the girl" had said about the leak. I told her that she was going to have the person responsible for our office take care of it as soon as he could. She told me that was fine and thanked me for taking care of the problem. "My pleasure" I told her. "No problem at all." 

She then turned to leave and asked if she should close the door again. I said please do. She responded with an inquisitive look, but said okay and walked out. Just before closing the door, she turned and looked back at me with the same look, but continued out. When Gia heard the door close, she attacked my cock again. She was bobbing her head up and down as fast as she could. The tightening in my balls returned and I felt myself reaching the edge. I told her I was going to cum. 

"Oh God, here it comes. Oh God, yes. I'm cummingggggg. Ohhhh," I whispered as shot after shot of my cum came exploding out of my cock. I could feel it all inside her mouth, mixing around and swishing around my cock. She swallowed all but one little drop which made its way out of the corner of her mouth. I threw my head back in the chair and groaned a satisfied moan as she licked her lips to get that runaway drop of my cum from her lips. 

"Incredible." I said to her. "Absolutely incredible. I have never experienced anything that felt like that before." 

"If you think you can handle more, that's just the tip of the iceberg." 

She crawled out from under my desk as I zipped my pants. She pulled me to her. We kissed hard, mashing our lips together in the most passionate kiss of my life. Our tongues swirled and danced together. She asked me if I had any plans for my lunch hour. I told her I think I did now. She told me to meet her outside at her car at 1:30 and not to be late. She was hungry for more.