 NOTE: Please take the time to vote and comment. I want to know how I'm doing.

NOTE: This is the first part of a series of stories, but can be read by itself.

*

"...Yes?" 

That's all she said when she opened the door. 

"I'm here for...um, where's Katie?" Ty managed. As Liz paused, leaning casually against the door frame, Ty could feel her hot blue eyes looking him up and down. Liz always looked at you like she was seeing you for the first time, even though she knew Ty well by now. 

"Not here," she said finally.

"Really? She said she was." 

"Nope. Left an hour ago." Liz turned away and waltzed back into the small dorm room. Ty tried to resist the urge to stare at her ass framed by tight, low-rise jeans as she went. 

"That's weird. She texted me to come over. Said she'd help me study for Bio," Ty said. Liz had gone back to her bed, where her arsenal of make-up stuff was spread out like a surgeon's operating table.

"Don't know what to tell you, Ty," Liz said while putting rouge on. "Try back later, I guess."

"Right. Okay. Yeah, sure."

Liz moved on to lipstick. Now, Ty wasn't even trying not to look as she glided a shiny red shade over her luscious pink lips. She stared intensely at her lightly-freckled face in her pocket mirror while she reached for the mascara. 

"...You're still standing in the doorway."

"Oh. Uh, yeah," Ty stammered. "Well, good to see you, Liz." 

"Sure," was all she replied. Ty pulled his eyes away and turned to go. He got about two feet and turned back.

"Actually. I should at least get the book," Ty said, poking his head back in. She shrugged.

"Knock yourself out." 

Ty uneasily stepped in and started to search Katie's side of the room. It shouldn't be hard, he thought. Katie's side was neat, well-organized. Liz's side was...not. If you didn't know the room was shared, you'd think it was inhabited by some kind of schizophrenic madman. One wall bare except for a calendar, one wall covered with posters, photos, clippings. Half the floor clear and walkable, the other half littered with an explosion of clothing, magazines, even beer cans. Ty's girlfriend Katie had truly gotten the shaft on roommate assignments. 

"I'll just be a second. I'm sure it's around here somewhere." 

"Take your time." 

As Ty checked Katie's desk, he heard the door click shut. He turned and saw Liz locking it. She started unbuttoning her jeans. 

"What?" She said, noticing Ty's shocked eyes on her. "I've going out. I've gotta change." She pulled down her zipper.

"You, uh...you can't just wait till I'm gone? Seriously. I'll be two seconds." 

"Hey. This is my room. It's bad enough that you and Katie hang out in here so much. If you're going to start invading my space when she's not even around, then I'm not going to just drop what I'm doing because the great Ty Conner is present." Before Ty could open his mouth to object, Liz pulled her jeans down in one smooth motion. The denim peeled away from her long, muscled legs. Liz was on the swim team. Her legs were both a masterpiece of engineering and an opus work of art. Ty immediately turned his head, as if blinded by the light of God. Liz chuckled. There was something a little sinister in it, Ty thought. 

"What? What's funny?"

"Your antiquated sense of chivalry," Liz said. "It's sort of cute. Silly and archaic, but cute." 

Alarms were ringing in Ty's head. This was not a good situation. Imagine if Katie were to walk in right now and see them. The best thing to do, he thought, is just get the stupid book and get of here as fast as possible. And whatever you do, Ty, don't look at her.

So he looked under Katie's bed, and in her closet, and anywhere he could think of, all the while keeping his head turned in the opposite direction of the undressing Liz. But then, in a break that was either very lucky or very unlucky (Ty couldn't decide), he found himself facing Katie's full-length mirror, which just so happened to prominently display Liz, standing there in her tank-top and lacy, sky blue panties. He tried to look at the mirror but not look like he was looking at the mirror as she pulled the tank top over her head. Now Ty had a very generous view of almost everything Liz's body had to offer, and blood was rushing to places he wished it wouldn't. 

Now, Katie was a beautiful girl. She really was. And her physical beauty was only accentuated by the depth of her warmth, compassion, and generosity. If there is a Creator, it surely took it's time on every aspect of Katie Hartwell's being. With Liz, on the other hand, it spent all it's time on architecture and skimped on the interior. She was a Greek sculpture. Everything was exactly where it was supposed to be, and there was just the right amount of it. Her boobs weren't as big as Katie's, but they were perfectly round and pert. Ty tried not to, but every time he saw Liz, he couldn't stop his mind from wondering what that body looked like bare. Being so painfully close to knowing, now, was making his heart race and his cock throb. 

Liz shook out her shortish, dirty blonde hair, that framed a pretty face that always had an edge of mischief about it. Ty was trying not to stare at her bright, blue eyes when one of them winked. Right into the mirror.

"Enjoying the show?" 

Ty immediately turned his face away from the mirror.

"I..." But he knew it was useless to deny it. She had caught him. "...Look. I just came for a biology book, Liz." 

"How about a biology lesson, instead?" The cool, silky confidence of her voice made his blood stop cold and his hard cock twitch. "...Just kidding, Ty. Relax." She walked over toward him. He was still trying to stare at the ground, the ceiling -- anywhere but her gorgeous tits, straining to burst out of her blue bra. "Ty, I think we got off on the wrong...You can look at me, Ty. I'm talking to you." He reluctantly met her gaze. He was inches away from her barely-clad body now, and his whole being ached with wanting. God, he thought, no one should be allowed to be this sexy. It should be illegal. Where is the legislation on this? "We got off on the wrong foot. There's no reason the two of us can't get along. I know Katie and I have our differences, but that doesn't mean you and I should be enemies. You know?" She put a friendly, reassuring hand on his shoulder. He knew he should move it away. He didn't. "Wow," she murmured, squeezing his shoulder and smiling. "Big guns, there. You've been working out, haven't you, Ty?" 

"...Yeah. A little." She moved her hand down his chest and stomach, feeling his muscles through his t-shirt. As her eyes traveled down, he prayed she wouldn't notice the bulge in his jeans. If she did, she didn't call him out. She turned and walked back to her closet. 

"In fact," she said while going through her dresses, "You should use me. I'm a vital resource."

"...How's that?"

"I'm a girl, and I live with Katie. I know her pretty well. I could help you out with any...problems, you might be having." She bent over to pick up a shoe from the bottom of her closet. The blue panties were in fact almost a thong. The view of her ass was unbearable. Ty could feel himself starting to sweat. 

"Problems?"

"Well, not to be nosy, Ty." She was slipping into a pair of heels. "But I haven't seen the hair tie on our door in a long time. You know." She gave him a haughty glare and a twisted little smirk. Whatever her plan was, she was enjoying this. 

"Oh. We're uh...fine. In that department."

"Just fine?" She walked over to him, slowly, in her black heels. 

"Things have been a little slow. But that happens, we've been together awhile." Why did I even tell her that, Ty thought. 

"Poor guy. I can tell you're...frustrated." Her face was dangerously close to his now. He could feel her breath.

"You...you can?"

"Well. It's sort of obvious." She glanced down, at the imprint of Ty's cock against the denim of his jeans. She ran one, light finger across it. "Very obvious." One finger become two, and then her palm was rubbing his hard-on. Ty's brain was screaming to stop her, but he couldn't move a muscle. All he could do is let out a soft, whispered moan. 

"Stop!" He shouted suddenly. Liz was taken aback by the outburst. "I won't do this to Katie."

Liz smiled. "Alright. You can go. I'll tell her you stopped by, when she comes back." That was easy, Ty thought. Too easy? 

"Alright. And...you don't know where she went?" Ty's mind was on finding Katie and trying to relieve his tension before he went insane. 

"Oh, I do."

"You do? Why didn't you mention it before?"

Liz shrugged. "You didn't ask. She's at the Thirsty Scholar. With Ben."

"Ben? Ben Picon?" He was a friend of Ty's. 

"Did she say why?"

"No. She's just been hanging around with him, some," Liz said casually. "He's been over here a couple times."

"To...to the dorm?" 

"Yeah. It's annoying. She always kicks me out when he's over." Ty froze. His blood ran cold. 

"Katie kicks you out? When he's over here?"

"Yeah. I don't know why she would..." Liz feigned realization. "Oh, shit. Oh, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I...I'm so sorry, Ty." 

Ty was stunned. His brain didn't know what to do. 

"Do you really think she's been...?"

"I guess that would explain why you two haven't been..." Liz trailed off. Ty's heart sank, but for some inexplicable reason, it didn't cool him off. If anything, he was just getting hotter. "Hey, Ty. Don't worry about it. You deserve better. You really...really...do." Her hand found it's way back to his cock. Her lips reached up to his, and she kissed him. Then she slowly dropped to her knees.

"Why don't you forget about Katie for awhile?" She said looking up at him with sweet, innocent eyes. She started to undo his belt. Ty wanted to stop her. But his brain, his heart, were all in knots. As she slowly pulled down his fly, all he could think of was Ben and Katie in this same position and Liz licking her freshly-done lips and he couldn't do anything but stand there, breathing heavy as she pulled out his cock. She gasped.

"Oh, God. Ty..." Her eyes went wide. "I had no idea that...wow." She gently ran her hand up and down his thick shaft. Ty was about to tell her to stop. To regain his self control and walk out the door. But then... "God. What a dumb bitch. I don't see how Katie could want more than this. If you were my boyfriend, I'd wrap my lips around this cock every chance I got." She looked up at him with playful, greedy eyes. "But you're not my boyfriend. So I guess I shouldn't, huh?" 

"Please, Liz," Ty moaned. 

"Please what?"

"Just do it."

"I want to hear the words, Ty. What should I do?"

"Suck my cock. I'm begging you to suck my cock." 

Liz giggled. "See? That wasn't so hard." And she slid him into the wetness of her mouth.

"Oh, God!" He gasped. She swirled her tongue around him, taking him deep. It felt amazing. He couldn't help thrusting himself forward, trying to get deeper into her mouth. She moaned as he filled her. 

She pulled out and looked up at him. "I can't take this anymore, Ty. I've been waiting for months. ...Take me." She almost whispered it. It was all Ty needed, and then some. 

He pulled her up, and kissed her deeply, first her lips, then her neck, her shoulder. Her breath on his ear drove him even wilder.

"God, yes. I've wanted you for so long," she whispered. His hands came around her back and reached for her clasp. He undid it easily and freed the flesh that was spilling out of her bra cups. He soaked in the sight of her perfect little tits and her pink nipples that were hard by now, before taking one in his mouth and licking it, rolling it softly between his teeth.

"Mmmmm. Yeaaaah. Yes, Ty. Oh, God, that's good." She brought her mouth closer to his ear. "Fuck me." 

Ty was on the verge. He was losing control. He shoved her back onto the bed. Just as he was about to take her ankles in his hands and plunge himself into her, he heard her head thwack the pillow. It was hard. 

"...Are you, are you okay?" He asked. She smiled wickedly up at him. 

"Oh, I'm fine. It's just this dumb book." She lifted the pillow and revealed the Biology book Ty had been looking for the whole time. As she carelessly tossed it aside, the mischief in her eyes answered his next question before he asked it.

"You...oh my God. You...Katie's not with Ben, is she?"

Liz threw her head back and laughed. "Of course not, silly. She never has been."

"Jesus. You, you bitch! What kind of person are you?" 

"The kind who gets what she wants. ...And you know what the best part is?" She ran her hands over naked self, pinching her nipples, sighing. "You're still going to fuck me." She got off the bed and stood right in front of him. "You're still going to pound me as hard and as fast as you can." Ty was furious. He was burning. He wanted to punch her. He wanted to scream. But more than anything, he wanted to have her. "Because you've come too far toward the promise land..." She turned around and slowly slipped her thong off her tight ass and let it fall to her ankles. As she bent over the bed, Ty could see her perfect, pink pussy. "...To not come inside."

His cock was inches away from her warm, wet pussy. He could still leave. He could still walk away.

"You're awful. You're evil," was all he could think to say. 

She laughed. "So teach me a lesson, Ty." Almost involuntarily, he stepped toward her. "Come on. Teach me. Make me pay." She looked back at him. "Or do you not have the balls? God. Katie probably is under some other guy right now. Why wouldn't she? Her boyfriend's such a fucking---Oh!" Ty shut her up by plunging his throbbing cock into her. "Holy fuck! Oh, God, that's so deep." But Ty wasn't done. He thrust the last two inches into her tight, wet pussy. "Ooooo, God! Ty!"

He slowly pulled himself out. "You like that?" He growled.

"Oh, God yes. Give it back." He rubbed the head against her lips. "Stop teasing, give it back."

"Beg."

"Pleeeease, Ty. I fucking need it. Please fuck me." He rammed himself into her again. And again. "Yes. Yes! Faster!" 

"Yeah? You like that?" He snarled. "You want me to fuck you like I fuck Katie?" He couldn't believe the words that were coming out of his mouth.

"No," she said coldly, looking back at him. "I want you to fuck me harder than you've EVER fucked her." 

That was it. Ty couldn't even think now. His head was a whirling storm of lust and nothing else. Whatever she asked for, she was going to get. "Faster!" He speed up. Pistoning in and out, sweating as his muscles burned. "Harder! Fuck me harder, Ty!" He slammed his body into Liz's. He could hear his balls slap against her pussy. Her tits swung wildly as he poured every once of rage, guilt, and desire into each thrust. He wanted to cum so bad, but he wanted more. He wanted to pound her for hours. "Mmmmmm. Ah! Ah, yeah! Yes! I knew I'd fucking -- ah! -- break you. I knew I'd get your -- ooooooaah! --- your cock." He couldn't hold himself back any longer. He was so close. "And you're gonna --- mmmh! -- you're gonna think about me, aren't you? The next time you fuck her?" He tried not to answer. "Aren't you?"

"Yes!" On that word, he shoot his hot cum into her. She screamed with the feel of it, and the satisfaction of his admission. Ty could do nothing but collapse in a sweaty, exhausted heap. She sat up, wiping the sweat from her face.

"See? You won't TOTALLY regret that," Liz said, panting.

"I need...shit. I need to get dressed. To get out of here. Katie could be back any second."

"Oh, I wouldn't worry about that. Katie left. For home. She'll be gone all weekend." With that, Liz pecked him on the check and slipped back into her clothes.