 Every time I looked up, I could swear she was just looking away. The movement of her hair...the coy smile...she was certainly intriguing. And cute. Sexy cute. And I was going to be stuck sitting next to her in a courtroom for the next five weeks...or longer.

"Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being here today," the judge intoned. "This case will most likely last until the end of next month. The twelve of you, plus your five alternates..." his voice continued with the opening instructions, all of which I'd heard before. I began looking around at the other members of our panel, realizing that we were evenly matched, gender-wise. My review finally ended on Veronica. Five-foot-nothing and beautiful. After the last few admonishments by the judge, we were excused for the day. 

As we walked out of the courthouse, Veronica and I struck up a conversation, and realized we both were headed towards the transit center. 

"Are you headed north," I asked, slowing my pace so she could keep up. 

"Actually, yes I am," she replied. "Do you have any experience in jury service? This is my first time and I'm a bit nervous that I'll do or say the wrong thing." 

"Well, I've been on one or two before. Don't worry - the judge will help you through the process, and you can always ask me for pointers if you really get worried." She reached out and squeezed my hand..."Thanks," she said. 

The next few days were full of testimony, tears, objections, and typical "Law and Order" drama. They were also full of long lunch discussions with Veronica, as we shared our meals as well as our backgrounds. We discussed jobs, background, education, and relationship history. 

"Boyfriend?" she said between bites of sushi. "Who has time? My last real date was a few months ago, and it ended badly."

"Badly?" I inquired. "That sounds like a juicy tale...do tell!" 

One hand stretched upward and began twirling her long, auburn curls. "Well...it was one of those stupid blind dates. You know the kind? Where you best friend sets you up with A Really Nice Guy?" I nodded my agreement. "Well, he interpreted my 'good night' as 'please stick your tongue down my throat.'"

Of course, she said that just as I was taking a drink of water...which I then snorted out my nose. Rather than recoil in horror, she laughed and began helping me blot my shirt dry. I excused myself to use the blow dryers in the bathroom. As I walked back to the table, I noticed her watching me...and saw the first hint of that coy, sexy smile I would come to love. 

"Sorry about that," she whispered, and reached out to squeeze my hand. However, unlike the walk back to the trolley, she didn't let go. I looked at our clasped hands, then at her, and cocked my head to the side, raising my eyebrows in a questioning manner. She just smiled...but didn't let go. 

The following week, our relationship seemed to change...for the better. We were spending more time together, even getting to the courthouse early. By the end of the week, we were openly holding hands as we walked to and from the courthouse, and - finally - had made plans to get together over the weekend. 

As she opened her apartment door, my mouth dropped. My petite Veronica was now wearing a low-cut black dress, which stopped about mid-thigh. My eyes followed her legs down to the bright-red heels, which only enhanced her stature. As I worked my eyes back up her body, she took a deep breath, which caused her breasts to swell. [This night is looking up] I thought to myself as she led me into her apartment. We chatted for a bit, then she grabbed her purse and we were off to dinner. 

If our lunches together were wonderful, this evening was amazing. "I can't believe how beautiful you look tonight, Veronica," I commented, as we took our seats at the restaurant. "That dress looks gorgeous on you." 

She smiled. "You don't think it's too...revealing?" 

"Not at all," I replied. "In fact, I think it presents your, ah...assets...quite nicely." She suddenly looked shocked, then switched to a wicked grin. 

"Why, thank you. That was the general idea after all." I smiled...then jumped as I realized her now shoe-less foot was caressing my leg under the table. I gave her my questioning look again and she giggled. "That look. That's the look that finally won me over. Now I know I'm on the right track." And with that, her foot moved higher and began caressing my now-hardening shaft. 

As dinner progressed, her ministrations continued. Occasionally, she would stop and concentrate on her food. Or, she might shift in her chair and change which foot was rubbing my cock. About half-way through our meal, I decided to give her a taste of her own medicine. I kicked off my shoe and began rubbing her unoccupied leg, slowly moving my way up her calf, over and past her thigh. By now she had lowered her own leg, and was watching me closely. 

"Just what do you think you're doing, mister," she playfully asked. 

"Well," I said quietly, leaning forward, "I believe I'm about to caress your pussy with my foot." At the word pussy, she closed her eyes and moaned, and I felt her legs spread apart even further. 

"I was hoping you'd say that," she replied, as she scooted her chair closer to the table, allowing me to reach her slit more easily. As soon as my foot hit her pussy, I realized she was not wearing any panties, and she moaned. I slowly worked my big toe across her moist lips, causing my sock to become soaked with her juices. I casually resumed eating my meal while my toes worked their way across her clit and inside her pussy. As my toe entered her, she gasped, looked up, and dropped her fork with a loud *clank.* Several diners turned our way at the sound...and I silently thanked the restaurant gods who had created floor-length tablecloths. 

Deciding she had had enough for now, I removed my foot from her wet mound and returned it to my shoe. Veronica slowly closed and opened her eyes, and looked deeply into mine. "If you're done, I think we should get out of here." I smiled and agreed. Adjusting myself so as not to give away my excitement, we stood and headed towards my car. 

Pulling away from the restaurant, I asked, "So, I can't help but wonder. Why me?" 

"Hmmm?" she replied. "What do you mean?" Her finger twirled her hair once again. 

"Let's face it...I'm 12 years older than you. You could have the pick of any young man out there. So...why me?" 

Veronica glanced my way, that coy smile on her face once again. She stretched her arms high over her head, causing her breasts to swell and almost spill out of her dress. "During our conversations at lunch, I decided there were several things about you that, well, turned me on." 

"And they are?" I asked. 

Veronica reached down and moved her seat back as far as it would go. "One, you've got a really nice smile." She began rolling her dress up higher, exposing her bare pussy. "Two, you know how to hold a conversation." She took her right hand and started jilling while her left hand reached for me. "Three, older men really know how to treat a woman." She slowly took my right hand, sucked my first to fingers into her mouth, and moved them to where her left hand was rubbing her clit. "And four," she said, her breathing increasing in speed,"you look like the adventurous type." 

Trying to keep one eye on the road and the other on Veronica, I started finger-fucking her pussy, while she rubbed her clit. Her other hand moved up to her dress strap, and slid it down her shoulder, exposing first one breast, then the other. As I worked towards her G-spot, she began pinching her nipples, while her right hand moved from her clit to her mouth. She began sucking her fingers, moaning into the silence of the car. The only other sounds were her heavy breathing, and the *squish, squish* of my fingers as they pumped her pussy. 

Suddenly, Veronica let out a loud moan and arched her back, forcing my fingers deeper inside her. Her legs clenched together around my hand, and she gripped the top of her seat tightly. It was all I could do to not drive off the road as I tried to watch this stunning woman enjoy her orgasm. "Oh...oh....oh, my," was all she could get out for a few minutes. Gradually, she began to relax, returning her cute ass to her seat, and the blood to my hand. Her coy smile had returned, and it got wider as she continued to relax in her seat. Her dress was still bunched around her waist, and the aroma of her sex filled the car. Her pussy was still wet, and it glistened in the moonlight that shone through her window. 

Finally, she turned her head my way. "Wow...now that was an adventure. I see I was right about you." Her hand lightly caressed her exposed tits. "I think you deserve a reward for all that hard work." Leaving her dress askew, she reached over to my lap and began dragging her fingers across my hard cock. I could feel her sharp, blood-red fingernails scratching up and down the length of my shaft, and a small moan escaped. "It appears you have something for me," she whispered, and her hands began to unbuckle my belt. 

I reached down and moved my seat back, glancing at the speedometer. No sense getting pulled over at this point, I thought. I could feel her warm hands working the button of my pants, then slowly pulling down my zipper. I raised my ass off the seat, and she quickly slid my pants and boxers down, allowing my cock some freedom. 

"Mmmm." Veronica's hands encircled my shaft. " I think I'll have to add a fifth reason to my list of "Things I Like About Daniel," she said, as one hand stroked my cock and the other caressed my sac. 

I moved my right hand over her shoulder and began squeezing her breast, lightly scratching her nipples. "Keep that up and you'll have me all wet again," she purred. I watched as she moved her head towards my lap. After a few seconds, I felt a drizzle of warm liquid on my cock, and realized that Veronica had added a little spit for lubrication. Her hand resumed its stroking, and my moans resumed escaping from my lips. 

"Hold on," I said. "I have an idea." In my state of arousal, I still had presence of mind to notice the freeway exit sign that led to a rest stop. I quickly took the off-ramp, and tried to find the most secluded spot in the lot. Once the car had stopped, and the lights had been shut off, I turned to Veronica. "I hope you don't mind. I want to be able to concentrate on enjoying your work." 

Veronica looked up at me, giggled, winked, then turned her head back to my lap and slowly slid her mouth over my shaft, all the way down. "Oh, God," I groaned, as she worked her way back up, licked around the head, then headed back down. "Yes, yes...just like that...swallow that cock, Veronica. Suck it...ahhhhh...." I directed her blow job and she followed each command eagerly. I quickly noticed the memorable sound of her fingers working their magic on her own pussy, and her moans added to my own pleasure. 

On one upstroke, she kept just the head in her mouth and licked around the top. "Having fun, lover?" she asked, her voice husky and deep. I groaned a reply. "Oh, yes, babe. Your mouth is amazing, and it's working its magic quite well." 

"Then I'd better return to the, ah, job at hand," she said, and returned her mouth to my cock. Adding her hand, stroking and sucking, I realized that I wouldn't hold out much longer. The increasingly loud moans coming from her throat let me know that she was close to coming as well. 

"That's it, right there, Veronica, keep sucking, almost there..." I directed, feeling the cum building up in my balls. 

"Come on, Daniel," she moaned, her hand still stroking. "Give me that hot cum. Shoot it in my mouth. Now, baby, I want it so bad, cum for me." Her mouth went back on my cock, matching her hand stroke for stroke, her other hand jilling faster and faster. 

"Oh, yeah, here it comes...I'm cumming...cumming," I yelled. I felt the cum rising from my sac, and I exploded into Veronica's waiting mouth. As the first few blasts arrived, she moaned louder, and I saw her back stiffen as she hit her own peak. "MM, mm, mm, mm," she whimpered, trying to keep her mouth on my cock and my cum in her mouth as she rode out her own orgasm. I could feel some of my cum run down my shaft as it leaked out of her mouth, where it met her stroking hand. 

All too soon, we came back down to Earth. Veronica looked up at me, and opened her mouth, showing me the load she had caught. She closed, smiled, and swallowed, then turned towards my cock and began to lick up the cum she had lost. I leaned back and enjoyed her soft tongue, while I reached over to hold her free hand. 

After she had cleaned my shaft, Veronica sat up and turned towards me. "Still adventurous?" she asked, as she brought her cum-stained mouth towards mine. I opened my own mouth to meet hers, and we shared the taste of my own cum with a deep, passionate kiss. She opened her eyes wide to meet my own, amazed at my eagerness. "You've done that before," she asked, breaking our kiss. 

"Actually," I admitted, "no. That's a first for me. I guess you bring out my wild side!" 

"I can't tell you how hot that kiss made me," she admitted. "You're the first man I've been with who's even allowed me to try it. You're not upset?" 

"Upset? To be kissed by a sexy, sexual woman? I should say not. The cum was just an added bonus! Now, if you're through having your way with me, we've still got to get up for jury duty tomorrow. Time I took you home." 

Veronica sat up in her seat and adjusted her dress, as I reached down for my pants and boxers. Once we were presentable, I backed the car out and headed for the on-ramp, and back to her house. 

The ride back was filled with small talk, he head resting on my shoulder, her hand holding mine. Finally, we reached her house. I helped her out of the car and walked her to the door, where I was treated to another long, deep, passionate kiss. Our hands roamed across familiar territory, and I could feel myself getting hard again. Veronica broke the kiss first. 

"So...are you staying the night?" 

I hesitated. "Veronica, I'm extremely flattered at the question. And don't think that I'm not interested. I've only had a taste of you, and I'm certainly hungry for more. I'd like nothing better than to take you to bed and fuck you, right now, until neither of us can walk." She smiled and moaned at my comment. "But, I think we should save something for our next date. I don't want this to be a quick fuck just to fuck. I want our first time together in bed to be something special. I hope you understand." 

She flashed her coy smile at me again, then found her house keys. She unlocked her door and stepped across, stopped, and turned back to me. "That's the sweetest thing I've heard in a long time. It's rare to find such a gentleman these days." She reached out to caress my cheek. "So...tomorrow night, then?"