 Halloween had come again. Trick or treater's were running up and down the street. Kid's dressed like witches, vampires, monsters, fairies, and everything in between. Trinity was home alone, handing out candy. There was a raging party tonight, but she had to miss it because her parents had grounded her. 18 and grounded. Didn't that figure. She was stuck at home handing out candy and they were out at a friends party. They would be gone until the wee hours of the morning. To ease the pain of being stuck at home, she raided her parents porn collection.

Finding the perfect one on the bottom of the pile, Camp Cuddly Pines Chainsaw Massacre. It was one that made fun of the modern horror flicks, but had phenomenal sex scenes. She popped in the DVD and settled down on the couch to watch. Her fingers slid under her dress and she played with her clit between doorbell rings. Pinching and rubbing her clit, her mound swelling, the other hand playing with her own nipples. Mmmm, her pussy was getting so wet... Sliding her fingers in she found the g-spot and massaged it until she came. The doorbell rang, again. Shit, she was sure her cum was soaking the back of her dress.

Opening the door, there was no one there. Suddenly a masked figure popped up at her from behind the bench on her front porch. Trinity screamed and slammed the door. Hearing laughter from outside, her face flushed with anger. Swinging the door open she recognized the masked figure as being a boy from school. David. That asshole. "What the fuck are you doing?" she demanded. 

"Awww, don't get mad at me. I was just playin'," he said, still giggling.

"It's not funny asshole," she shot at him. David took off the mask and gave her the puppy eyes.

"May I come in? Please?" he begged. 

Trinity sighed. "No one's supposed to be here but me. I'm freakin' grounded" she said.

"Oh? What did you do?" he asked. 

"Flunking math. Parents don't think I'm gonna get into college. I'll be glad when we graduate after this year" she said. "Besides, won't your girlfriend be mad your here? And why are you not at the party?" she asked.

"Naw. Broke up this morning. Confronted her and found out she was sleeping with my best friend. Fuck that bitch. Never liked her anyway. As for the party, I got bored and left." Trinity was taken aback. David's girlfriend was gorgeous. Tan, long legs, perfect ass, almond eyes, and long brown hair. She wished she could look like that. "Sooooo, you gonna let me in or not?" he asked her, cocking his head to the side.

Trinity frowned, but opened the door and stepped back to let him in. "What exactly are you supposed to be?" David asked as he flopped down on the couch. She pointed to the huge wings by the door. 

"A fairy, but the wings were too bulky. So I took them off" she replied sitting down on the other side of the couch.

"What are you watching?" his voice puzzled. 

"Oh, my god. Nothing!" She dove for the remote, but he was faster than her. Pressing play the next sex scene came on. David's eyes bugged out and his jaw dropped. Clearly, he had never seen anything quite like this. 

"Oh, my. You naughty, naughty girl." He winked at her.

She was kinda uncomfortable watching this with him. Trinity had always admired David from afar. He was tall, well muscled, and as sexy as they came, but she didn't know him. Why was he really here? David decided to lay down to watch the movie with his head in her lap. Her uncomfortableness was growing. But, so was her horniness. Half way through the scene she felt her juices running down her pussy.

David had always liked Trinity, but had never been brave enough to approach her. Tonight had been different though. It seemed like there was magic in the air, and so many possibilities.... His cock was beginning to get hard and push against his pants. She's gonna notice he thought. This can't be good... or can it?

He rolled over to face her and rolled up her dress, exposing her wet panties. Well, g-string actually. She offered no resistance when he licked her clit, tasting her sweet cum. Careful to keep his head buried between her legs, he slid off the couch to get a better angle.

Trinity moaned as his tongue worked its magic. Licking and sucking her cum from her pussy. She leaned back giving him more room to move around. His tongue slid in and out of her dripping hole as his fingers teased and rubbed her clit. Her moans growing with every stoke. Was this some kind of dream? A voodoo spell? She didn't care anymore, not as long as he kept touching her. An orgasm began to build and her legs tightened around his head. Her back arched as she came. David licked up every drop. Now he slid a finger into that tight pussy, then another, and another. God, she was so tight and wet, he almost lost it right there.

She slid off the couch and kissed him, laying him down on his back. Starting with his ear, she licked and kissed her way down his neck and chest. Upon reaching his stomach, she nipped, causing his stomach to quiver. Trinity crawled backwards until her tits were resting on his cock. She looked up at him with hunger in her eyes. He was breathing deeply and watching her make her way down. She undid his pants and freed his cock. It was much bigger than she ever could have imagined.

It had to be at least eight inches long and three inches wide. "Ahhhhh" she said, licking the tip. David tilted his head back and moaned. Trinity ran her tongue from the bottom of his balls to the tip of his cock. His hands grasped at the carpet, trying with everything he had to keep from cumming.

She took him as far as she could in her mouth all at once, causing David to gasp. He looked down to watch her head bob up and down. Her tiny mouth felt so good. Man, she knew what she was doing. Sucking like a freakin' hoover, tongue teasing, oh, it was too much. He was going to loose it already. It had been too long since he'd gotten a blow job. Or anything for that matter. His cum shot down her throat. Trinity swallowed as much as she could, but there was just too much and some dripped out of her mouth. She wiped it with the back of her hand and licked it off. 

His hand reached down to grab a handful of hair and bring her up to his lips, and the doorbell rang. Grabbing a blanket and throwing it on him, she ran to the door to hand out candy to the trick or treaters and shoo them away. She turned off the porch light to detour any other kids.

David was masturbating under the blanket, trying to make sure he stayed hard. Trinity returned and threw the blanket off. Straddling him she slid his cock into her pussy. It was so wet it slid all the way in at once. David groaned with pleasure, and Trinity reached up to squeeze her own breasts. His hands slid up her thighs and lifted the dress over her head. She was wearing no bra. Her pussy began to grind his cock, slow at first, but picking up speed quickly. Now David reached up to grab her tits and pinch her nipples. Then she began to bounce her pussy all the way up and down his shaft. "Oh, fuck baby, your such a dirty whore. Tell me you like it!" he said in a throaty voice. 

"Yeah, oh yeah baby, I love the feel of your cock, its so big, it fills me up, oh fuck!" she moaned. She slowed down and ground against him for a minute before turning around to ride him in reverse cowboy. This just made her pussy even tighter. Her cum was dripping down his thighs. She reached down to play with his balls as she fucked his cock, hard and fast.

He began to thrust his cock up into her pussy, grabbed her ass, screaming "fuck it baby, fuck that cock. Make me cummmm!" Their orgasms built until they both climaxed together. Their cum mixing together and leaking down his cock and balls. Trinity slid off and lay next to him. "You don't think that's it, do you?" he asked rolling over to kiss her. 

She looked surprised, but shook her head. "Good. I'm gonna fuck you till you're raw." He kissed her passionately and rolled on top. David moved down to bury his head between her huge tits. He moved to lick and suck on those perfect nipples.

She reached down to rub his cock, slick with their cum. Then she moved down to suck their sweet cum off his cock. Shortly it was as hard as ever. David got up and pulled her up with him. "Here, lean over" he said bending her over the piano. One hard thrust and he was in her ass. Trinity moaned from the pleasure. He began to thrust hard into her, spanking her ass. Her hands gripped the edges of the piano, moans getting louder and louder. Her ass moving back and forth, matching his every thrust. His balls were slapping her pussy. 

Halloween decorations fell over, some falling into the floor. "Oh god, I didn't think her ass could possibly be any tighter than her pussy?" he thought. "I'm gonna cumm, I'm gonna cumm, oh shit, fuck me baby!" she screamed. Her cum ran down his cock, down his balls, and onto his legs.

"I'm not done with you yet" he said. David slid his cock out and led her to the recliner.

Trinity positioned herself in doggy style, burying her head between the back of the chair and the arm. David's cock slid into that tight, wet pussy. It was swollen and tighter than ever, swallowing his cock. His thrusts came hard and fast. Her fingers moved down to play with her clit while he fucked her. The more she moaned, the harder he plunged into her, gripping her ass to help his thrusting. 

David fucked her harder and faster than he had ever done before. Eventually they both reached orgasm and collapsed in the floor from exhaustion. "Was it any good baby?" he asked her.

"A dream come true," she whispered back. They laid there and held each other for awhile. "Definitely a night of treats," she thought. He'd have go go soon, before her parents got home, but there was still time. Happy Halloween.