 Episode 1: January 6th, 1998

Even before the popularity of his magazines and movies became infamous in the crazy world of sex, Lester Graves had been interested in making his money by exploiting young women. During the long nights as a teenager he dreamed of the most beautiful girls he went to school with, and in these dreams they were his loyal slaves, who'd do anything his perverted heart desired. When he woke up in the morning his body was usual tired and sweaty, and his underwear were always dirty with leftovers from the powerful dreams. But sometimes even the dreams of that pervert you despise, comes true. Ten years after high school, Lester Graves sat at his desk. He was twenty-eight years old and his business, Tricked Chicks, was in business for the second time. The first time was a disaster, nobody wanted to pose in one of his magazines. The second time Lester got lucky. There were actually a few girls willing to pose. But these unfortunate girls would not be just posing for a magazine like they thought, they would be modeling for his new sex magazine.

The weather was cold on January 6th, 1998. Wearing his thick glasses, his best business suit and flashing an award winning smile, Lester reviewed the first model Tricked Chicks would feature. Of course he hoped the first issue of Tricked Chicks would feature seven models, but Lester could do only one thing at a time. There were six more names and forms on his desk, waiting for him to review, but Lester was a loyal man. A young teenager named Toni Sanchez had been the first to fill out the form and show interest in the magazine. She would be the first he called in for the modeling, and the other pleasant stuff he'd purposely forgotten to mention. Lester's body was already shaking with anticipation. He reviewed the forms Toni filled out.

According the forms she was an eighteen years old finishing her last year in high school. She worked part time at a pet store as a cashier. She was five foot seven and about 145 pounds. She was a little chunky, Lester remembered the girl from the day she came in. She had a really cute face though, like most chunky girls tend to have. Her breasts were nice and big too, and Lester loved a pair of nice breasts as much as any man. Lester tried to remember other key things about Toni. She had brown eyes, she had a great smile, perfect teeth, her skin was well tanned, her pants and shirt had been pressed against her body, her nipples looked thick and waiting to be sucked on from the way they outlined though that tight shirt and shemthickish lips made for giving the perfect blowjob. According the forms Toni has no boyfriend, no father and no brothers. Lester liked that most of all. If Toni was mad by the time her posing was over, there would be no angry men banging on his door later on. Toni would make a perfect first edition. He could feel his dick hardening in his pants just thinking about Toni's thick lips and big tits. And after Toni, there were six more women waiting to be called.

He called Toni Sanchez at three thirty in the afternoon. Lester would have called earlier, but Toni didn't get out of school until three. Her mom answered the phone and he laughed at himself for being in this odd situation. This girl still lived with her mother, and he was going to exploit in the most crudest of ways. He loved it. He pretended to be an English teacher from her school who wanted to talk to her about a missing homework assignment. Three minutes later he heard Toni's sweet voice. "Hello, Mr. Winslow," she said a little embarrassed.

"I'm not your English teacher," Lester said. "I'm Lester Graves of Pretty Women Magazine. You signed some forms with me a few weeks ago, and I'd like you to come into today if it's all right with you."

"Are you serious?" she exclaimed.

"Sure am."

"That's so cool. I didn't think I'd ever be posing for a magazine. I'll be there in ten minutes." She was silent, then added, "Why didn't you tell my mom who you really were."

"I wanted it to be a surprise," Lester said. If she would have saw the grin on his face when he said them words, she never would have come. "I sure can't wait to see you again. Bye."

"Bye," she said and hung up the phone.

Lester Graves rubbed his hands together for a job well done. The sweet little high school girl was on her way. She thought she was going to be a model, and she was, just not the kind she thought she'd be. He went to the front of his office and waited for Toni to arrive. For the time being, Lester worked in a small time office. The front half of his building was really small. The waiting area was right by the dirty window and just a few feet from the giant desk where he waited for his clients. He sat at this desk and waited for Toni's arrival. The office was empty today, there had not been any would be clients in three days. Thank God there were six more possibilities to look forward too. But then what, he wondered. Would there be only one edition of Tricked Chicks and then out of business he would go? Would the current clients convince future possible clients to bother with him? He decided to wait and see.

Two minutes late of her promise, Toni walked through the front entrance. She was wearing a tight black shirt and a tight pair of jeans. Her cute face looked more dazzling than it did during their last meeting. She lost a few pounds, but she was still chunky and she owned one great pair of titties. Her hair was dark red, curly and hung down to her neck. Her eyes were perfectly blue. She smiled at him. He couldn't help but to look at those glorious breasts.

"Welcome," Lester said. "My company isn't very big now Toni, I'm just getting myself established, but your work with me will not go unnoticed."

"I know," she gleamed. Her fat baby cheeks turned bright red. "I just can't believe I'm going to be in a magazine."

"Well start believing it." Lester came around the desk and extended his hand to Toni. She shook it. Her hand was sweaty. The girl was very nervous.

"Let's get started shall we," Lester said. "We both have busy schedules to keep."

They went to the back room, Toni following him like a nervous puppy dog. Her breasts couldn't help but to bounce in that tight shirt she wore. The back room was small, but bigger than the front room. In here was a leather sofa, expensive lighting and his camera. The game was about it began. Only one more piece was missing. Dale still hadn't arrived. This first edition was based on two essentials, finding the women and Dale taking the pictures.

The room was already set for Toni. He directed Toni to the front of the camera and found his own place behind the camera. "You look beautiful, Toni," he said.

"Thanks," she blushed. "Do you want me to where this?"

"For now," he said.

He took about twenty pictures of looking pretty in different poses. The poses with all her clothes on were just as essential as all the others. Her blue eyes glimmered in the intense light. Lester didn't know how much more he could take. His cock was erupting out of his pants. Sure Toni wasn't the most beautiful woman in the world, but she was the beginning. It was almost time for him gain his revenge on the women who had mistreated him all his life.

"How would you like to make some money?" Lester said.

"How?" Toni said a little doubtful.

"I'll give you fifty bucks if you pose in your bra and panties," Lester said in a very careful tone of voice. "It's entirely up to you."

Toni looked at him with uncertain eyes, but she didn't seem to get angry. She was giving it serious thought. She licked her lips a few times as if she'd find a decision that way, then pushed some hair out of her face. "Okay." She smiled. "I need the money and I'd do anything to be a model."

"Excellent," Lester said in his professional voice. "I want you to move your body while you take the clothes off. Okay?"

Toni didn't say anything else. She began moving her body back and forth, moving those hips and shaking those melon breasts of her's. Behind the camera Lester was losing his breath. His plan was working. His magazine was going to be a success. He was destined to get his revenge and make money at the same time.

Toni pulled off her shirt and let breasts fall. She was wearing a white bra and he could really see the thickness of her nipples through the material. He took more pictures with his camera. He was really enjoying every moment of this excitement. There was a certain to be gained by watching a girl do this at your request. Lester watched wide-eyes as Toni unbuttoned her tight jeans and pulled them over her shoes. She swung them around and around in the air like a cowboy swinging a rope, then let them drop to the floor. Lester continued to take his perfect pictures. He took off his thick glasses and rubbed his eyes. All this excitement was really getting to him. His heavy erection made his body harder to stand still behind the camera. He took a few more pictures. Toni, in her bra and panties, blew kisses to the camera. He badly wanted Dale to make an appearance. This chick was almost his. He could feel deep down in his boner.

He removed fifty dollars from his pant pocket. He came from around the camera and approached Toni casually. His eyes glanced down to her breasts and vagina every once in a while, but he kept his business like manner. "Here," he said. He gave Toni the fifty dollar bill. "The money I promised. But you could make more."

"I know," Toni said. "But you'll want me to get naked."

Lester Graves looked deep into her blue eyes. She was a little more comfortable with the idea of naked in front of the camera, but all hope wasn't lost. "It's not a real bad thing," Lester said. "A lot of men would love to see you naked. You'll be on all their minds, and you'll be a lot more famous."

"You really think I'd look good naked," she asked doubtfully. She looked down at her chunky stomach. "You don't think I'm too fat."

"You'll look absolutely splendid," Lester guaranteed. He saw the glint of hope sparkling in her perfect blue eyes and knew he'd done a good job. "Beautiful. You are a very beautiful girl. Guys would stare at your naked body for hours."

She smiled, showing off her perfect white teeth. "I'll get naked if you really think I'm nice enough to look at."

"Great," Lester said gleefully. He handed her another fifty. "You're also making good money." He thought he'd throw that in for good measure. He went back behind the camera and signaled Toni to began. She danced more passionately this time. She was less embarrassed getting naked then she had been dressing down to her bra and panties. She took off her bra and let melon breasts fall free. Her titties were like giant fun bags waiting to played with. Her nipples were wide and thick. Lester's face was turning bright red. His heart tightened in his chest. This sweet, sweet teen was going to give him a heart attack. She cuffed her breasts in her hands and squeezed them. She danced so gracefully. She rocked side to side and up and down. Her breasts moved in the same direction. Finally she reached down for her panties. She slid them off very slowly. When her panties were down to her ankles she turned around, bent over and stuck her ass in the air. Lester didn't even realize he was still taking pictures. Where the fuck are you, Dale? he thought to himself.

Toni stood before him naked, save for the sneakers on her feet. Outside it was ten below zero, but inside Lester's office the heat was suddenly blazing without any remorse. He reviewed the girl's lovely vagina through the lens of the camera. Red pubic hairs flowed gently. They were curly like the hairs on her head.

"Do you think I'm beautiful?" Toni asked. 

"Very," he barely managed.

"You don't think I'm fat?"

"You're perfect the way that you are."

The door behind them swung open. A small man with a heavy red and black wool jacket walked in. His black hair was covered with frozen snow. His pants seemed to be frozen to his legs. He had big brown boots on his feet. He was wearing silver sunglasses with dark black lenses over his eyes. A flood of excitement rushed through Lester's body. Dale had finally arrived.

"Sorry I'm late," Dale said. "Weather's a bitch out there."

"Tell me about it," Lester agreed. He turned to the naked Toni. She looked at the intruder with unsure eyes. She covered her hard nipples with her hands. "That's Toni. Don't you think she's gorgeous."

"Absolutely."

The agreement made Toni loosen up once again. All this girl needed was some confidence. Lester opened her up by telling she was pretty. Now she was his for the taking.

"How would you like to make an extra hundred dollars?" Lester asked.

Toni smiled. She'd come expecting to pose for a magazine, she didn't think she'd leave with any money. But when she went home she'd be two hundred dollars richer. One hundred if she refused Lester's request. When Toni didn't speak he pressed the question. "How does leaving her with two hundred dollars sound?" He left his position at the camera. Dale, who stripped out of his wool jacket and who was looking a lot warmer, stepped behind it.

"How?" she asked. By the time she finally spoke Lester was looking Toni eye to eye.

Lester didn't speak. He unzipped his pants and let them fall down to his ankles. He pulled his erect nine inch cock out of his underwear. He wagged back and forth. Toni watch his move with wide open eyes. She didn't look angry or scared, she had a look of confusion in her eyes.

"If you suck my cock you leave her with two hundred dollars," Lester said. "And doing this kind of thing would really help out your career."

"Really?" she wondered allowed.

"Lots of big time models started just like this. And one day, when this magazine is famous, you'll be known as one of the girls who gave it the fame."

She liked the words that came out of Lester's mouth. She licked her lips and went down to her knees. Lester's body was a little more shaky. His hopes and dreams were finally coming true. His magazine would be a success. He had the power to pull this thing off. Lester's body became weak when he felt Toni's soft give his meaty organ a tug. Her tongue touched the tip of his penis.

Behind them Dale was already taking pictures. The only hard part of this job was deciding what pictures went into the magazine and which didn't.

Toni explored his cock by licking it up and down with her wild tongue. By his balls her tongue came to stop, then worked its way back up. She her tongue like paint brush painting his cock with her mouth. Mesmerized by her touch, Lester stared down at her. She stroked his hand with one hand and cuffed his balls with the other. His cock entered her mouth one inch at a time. She was able to fit six inches, then she let her head and mouth do the work. She bobbed her head up and down between his legs. She continued to give him a handjob while she sucked him off. Her breasts were rocking gently below him. Lester grabbed the chunky girl by the back of the head with both hands and began to hump into her mouth.

"I told you were beautiful. You are also very special." Lester's mind was all over the place. He couldn't even remember his name at the given moment. Toni's thick lips were wrapped around his nine inches of manly power and that's all he knew. She took his cock the entire length. Lester's balls slapped against her chin. Her nose was being assaulted by an array of pubic hairs. Lester turned toward Dale who was giving him a thumbs up sign.

Toni came up for breath. A strand of pre-cum remained attached to her mouth. Lester rubbed his cock all over her face and shoved back into her mouth. He moved it side to side in her mouth, feeling the walls of her cheeks with his cock. He removed his cock from her mouth, lifting across her face in an upward angle, and asked Toni to lick his balls. She was very obedient this far under the spell of money and fame. She swallowed both balls into her mouth and licked them with her sweet tongue while they rested in her mouth.

She spit his balls out of her mouth and attacked his cock once more. Her cheeks seemed crammed with all that cock in her mouth. Toni didn't complain though. For eighteen she was very good at this. 

"I'm gonna cum," Lester moaned. "I wonna cum on your face."

Toni didn't have much time to think about the request. Lester tore his cock out of her mouth and began jerking off inches from her face. She looked dazed. Her mouth was partly opened, her eyes gazed his cock which at any moment would shoot cum all over her face and she was completely silent. Her innocence during the display made Lester's ejaculation more powerful. The first shot took Toni by surprise, erupted on her cheek and all the way up to a section of her curly red hair. The second shot came a second later and caught Toni's nose and thick upper lip. The cum oozed down and flowed to her opened mouth. Two more powerful blasts coated her cheeks completely. Much smaller spurts he unloaded on her big tits and throat. When it was all over, Toni stared at Lester with a dumbfounded look. Her face was a slimy, sticky mess.

Dick deflating, Lester went back behind the camera and took some pictures of Toni with cum on her face. During most of these shots, Toni glared at the camera with that dumbfounded look. When he got all he needed, Lester tossed Toni a towel. With it she quickly cleaned her face. Lester gave her the other hundred when she was dressed.

"Good luck with the rest of your life," Lester said. "Don't forget to check out the first issue of our magazine." Toni walked out blushing. She wouldn't be much trouble. Deep down Lester believed she enjoyed herself. The climax of the shoot just wasn't what she was expecting. He couldn't wait till this shoot was published in the first edition of Tricked Chicks Magazine.

He also wondered what Toni was going to do with two fake fifty dollar bills and one fake one hundred dollar bill. Of course deception was what Tricked Chicks was all about.