 I sat dozing in my chair; the ten o clock news was going off. Crap! I thought as I realized I had missed the entire hour of news. While gathering up the two empty beer bottles I hear the door bell ring. What the hell? I looked at my watch it was eleven o clock, its awful late for trick or treaters. Setting the bottle back down I hurried to the door with a feeling of dread, I'll bet its some damn teenagers out for pranks. I jerked the door open. 

"What?" I demanded. 

A young woman was standing on my front steps. Her long auburn hair was pulled into pony tails on either side of her head. She wore a tight fitting low-cut white sweater that ended just above her navel.

Even though she was dressed like a high school cheerleader, she was to well- developed to be anything but in her mid-twenties. 

I could just make out the black lacy bra she wore underneath. 

Her long shapely legs were crowned with a short skirt that bounced enticingly as she moved. 

In one hand she held pompoms, and in the other hand she held a plastic pumpkin with an idiotic grinning face. 

"Trick or treat?" she said with a giggle shaking her pompoms causing her titties to bounce and jiggle, threatening to spill from her tight sweater.

My eyes were devouring her bouncing tits as I heard myself whisper, "Yeah."

"Mister?" She lifted her pumpkin up and shook it. It rattled pathetically with the few pieces of candy it held. "Trick or treat?" 

I looked at her for face for the first time I think since opening the door. She had a seductive smile on her brightly painted red lips, and her blue eyes sparkled with mischief. A deliciously sexy smattering of freckles covered her nose and cheeks. They were obviously painted on. 

I could feel my cock beginning to get hard and press against my jeans. Absently I reached down to rub the forming erection. Her eyes widened as my movement drew her attention to my crotch.

I think I knew the game this very sexy woman was trying to play and I took the bait.

"Trick," I replied with a grin. 

She looked at me kind of blankly for a second as if she didn't understand or expect my answer then took a step forward grabbing the waist of my jeans. She rubbed my cock through the heavy denim material making me moan. She unbuttoned the fly with a new found urgency and tugged them down to my knees. My semi-hard cock jumped forward finally freed from the confines of the pants, without hesitation she reached out and touched its silky smooth shaft. A jolt of lighting shot through my body at her touch and I rolled my hips forward into her hand. 

The cheerleader looks around at the empty street, before looking up at me and grinning. She plunged my cock into the hot wetness of her mouth, sucking deeply before slowly sliding it back out and circling the head with her tongue. Moaning enthusiastically she began to take long deep sucking strokes. I reached up to grab the door frame with one hand and the back of her head with the other. 

She pulled my cock from her mouth licked my balls, inhaling my hot scent as she sucked first one and then the other into her mouth. Teasing them with her tongue and sucking on them as they began to get tight. 

She reached up with one hand to stroke my cock while she continuing to play with my balls, stroking its now fully erect shaft with her soft fingers. A little dribble of pre cum forms on the head of my hard dick as she squeezed it a little harder. My balls pop from her mouth and she growls softly as her bright red lips close over the head once more, sucking the pre cum greedily. 

I pull her face hard onto my cock and she sucks harder as I begin thrusting into her hot hungry mouth. She lets out a little surprised gasp as it hits the back of her mouth. Her gasp soon turns to a moan of wanton desire. 

My thrusting become harder driving my long cock deep into her mouth, till it meets a tight resistance, tighter than any ass, I give another powerful thrust and she gags a bit as my cock pops down her throat. 

I still my hips; my legs start trembling as I feel the tightness of her throat around my cock, nearly driving me over the edge. 

I pull back just a little letting the tightness in my cock and balls ease. Slobber begins to trickle from the cheerleader's mouth as she hungrily begins to pull on my cock with her mouth, making sexy sucking noises echo over the empty street.

The insistent sucking shatters what is left of my control, and I let go of the door, grabbing her silky pony tails. Using them to pull her face tight to my hips and steady her face as I start thrusting hard and deep into her mouth. 

She whimpers softly on my cock as her pony tails are pulled and held tightly. Her body stiffens as my cock roughly slams in and out of her mouth. Her slurping sucks get louder as he tries to keep up with my pace, drool spills down her chin and my cock, dribbling onto my balls. 

The sight of my cock driving past the smeared red lipstick pushed me over the edge. My cock swells and my balls tighten painfully. My thrusting becomes a bit more erratic as I feel the first spurt of cum bursting from my cock, filling her small mouth. 

"Fuck yeah!" I yell as my hard cock spasms and the cum keeps pouring out. I thrust my jumping cock as deep into her wanton mouth as I can. 

It feels like my cock is jumping forever and I can feel the persistent sucking on my cock as she swallows every drop, then licks the shaft and head gently, teasingly, her whole body wanting more. Trembling I let my still semi-erect cock slip from her wet ruby lips. 

I look down at her and see her flushed face, her freckles obviously painted on are smeared from the grinding of my hips to her face, her breast heaving in her tight sweater. 

"Now it's my turn," She whispers seductively. 

"Huh?" My mind was a little foggy.

"Well, you got your trick. Now I get my treat." Her pink tongue slides over her wet lips, gathering any dribbles of stray cum. 

"Okay," I moan softly as my cock starts feeling tight again.

I reach out a hand to help her to her feet and lead her into the house. I take her into the living room and bend her over the couch. My cock starts throbbing again as her very short skirt rides up over her ass and I can see the tight white panties stretched across her pussy. She giggles as I pin her chest down on the cushions with one hand rub her wet panties, with the other. I tease her swollen clit through the soft cotton and her giggles turn to soft moans. Roughly I run my fingers up and down her pussy stopping only to teas her clit mercilessly. The dark wet spot on her panties spreading as she get more and more aroused. 

I lifted my hand back and let it land sharply on the milky white skin of her ass. She jumps and wiggles her ass trying to escape, as another sharp smack lands on her other ass check. I watched the red hand print began to form on her ass and she hold her breath, he ass and thigh muscles clenched, waiting for another smack. 

I wait until I see her relax before bringing my hand down again over both her ass cheeks, causing her to squeal and kick her feet futilely.

A feeling of power fills me as I watched her gasping struggling form, and I began to spank her again, five hard smacks that leave her gasping.

"That is for being such a naughty girl," I growl at her, "and trick or treating so late at a stranger's house." 

The loud stinging smacks are quickly followed up by five more, harder than the first and the gasps turn to moans.

"That is for going into a stranger's house." I said sternly.

Ten more, hard solid smacks over her she is no longer trying to avoid each smack, instead her hot ass rises to each one and she moans shuddering. I begin smacking her thighs, watching them turn red. Panting she lifts her ass wiggling it at me, so I smack her once more hard, and her pants turn to low lust filled moans.

"That is for being a wanton slut." I pull her panties down over the hot skin of her ass shoving her legs wide apart. Her quivering pussy was wet, and as I stroked her red swollen lips she rolls her hips back to my fingers begging for more. 

I pulled my cock back out of my jeans and stroke it as I watch her lying over the arm of the couch. The smell of her dripping pussy fills the air. 

Moving behind her, I stroked her wet cunt with my cock before plunging into her tight silky wet hole. She pushes herself up off the couch and I wrap my arms around her, pulling her sweater down exposing her large tits, pinching her nipples through the black lacy bra. Her cunt feels so good grabbing at my cock as I slowly pump in and out of her, savoring the feeling of her moving beneath my hips as I pinch her nipples roughly. 

Sliding my hands up around to her back and down to her ass I begin to slam my cock into her harder, the sucking sound of my cock plunging deep into her cunt makes me crazy, and I pull her hips to my cock, slamming deep before puling out just a little. Spreading her ass cheeks can see her tight little rose hole. It looks so tight and inviting; I spit on her ass and watch it run down to her hole. Using my thumb I rub the spit into her hole... mmm... it's tight, and it squeezes my thumb as I lube it up good. Spitting on her ass again I rub it into her ass once more and shove my thumb in deep. She stiffens giving a whimper of pain, then pushes back onto my thumb opening her ass to me. I can feel my cock with my thumb through the wall of her ass. I slowly begin thrusting into her pussy, my thumb matching each thrust in her ass. 

Pulling my cock from her cunt, she whimpers again, this time because of its absence; using the head I rub her juices up around her ass, then guide my cock into the tight hole. My gasp meets hers, both as gasp of surprise, hers at the size of the cock filling and stretching her tight hole, mine at how tight her ass is, as it grabs my cock sucking it in deeper. 

My balls tighten up and I know it won't be long till I cum again, so I reach around and rub her clit, as I start pounding her ass, deep and hard, she starts moaning and I am a bit startled as the moans turn to a throaty scream.

"Oh yes, fuck my ass, fuck my dirty ass deep and hard!"

I rub her clit harder my cock slamming deep and hard into her ass, thrust after thrust until I feel her stiffen beneath me. Her ass tightens on my cock like a vice and I know her orgasm is going to hit hard as she arches her back pushing her tight ass to my hungry dick. She throws her head back as she peaks. 

"Yess, fuuuck meee!" She screams as I feel her ass hole grab my cock tightly as she cums. I keep pounding her tight hole, until I feel my own orgasm breaking, pulling my throbbing cock out of her ass I jerk off all over her red ass, my cum splashing the red handprints and slowly dribbling down her cheeks to her things. 

She wiggles her ass against me as the final waves of orgasm rush over us. 

Without a word she stands up straightens her skirt, grabs her discarded pumpkin and pom poms and walks out the still open front door. 

I watch the door open for a few seconds wondering if that just happened. I grabbed another beer from the fridge and had just set down when I hear a car door slam.

My wife walks in the door, wearing a long trench coat against the crisp autumn air. She hugs me tightly and we sit down on the couch together, our lips lock in a hot embrace.

"Did you get any trick or treaters?" She asks between kisses.

"Just a few." 

Her lips move from my mouth down to my jaw as she nibbles her way to my ear. Shivers rip through me and I push her back on the couch, pulling the belt of the trench coat loose. She moans huskily as I pull her breast free and lightly pinch the nipples before whispering hotly in her ear. "Honey?"

"Mmmm?" She gasps as I pinch her nipple harder.

"Your freckles are smeared."