 I woke this morning with a wonderful feeling. It started when I first woke up. I stretched and realised as I looked at the clock that I had overslept. I had so much work to do but it was such a delicious feeling to stretch and sooo luxurious to know that the kids were away at their Dad's. For a whole day I could do whatever I wanted. I got up and wandered down to the bathroom. Laughing a little as I looked at my reflection; at my tousled long blonde curly hair which went wherever it wanted to go, sleepy blue eyes and the cute little freckled face that stared back at me from my full length mirror. I ran my hands over my ample creamy breasts and giggled as I touched myself. Boy I had spring fever real bad.

I'm open to my own sexuality but today I had awoken with a terrible sexual hunger, I needed to satisfy myself or go out and find someone to shag. Well a cold shower would have to do for now! I opened the shower door and turned the tap onto cold. I stripped off my black lacy negligee and stepped under the freezing cold stream of water, it brought goosebumps to my body straight way but I enjoyed the cold streams of water on my naked skin. I picked up the soap and using one hand I made a lather of sweet scented soap.I reached for my loofah and began to soap myself, enjoying the sensation of the soft loofah on my skin, soaping my breasts, slowly rubbing my tender nipples with the loofah, using my other hand to massage the soap into my skin. 

Mmmmm it felt so good. I massage myself all over, loving the feeling of the loofah against my most sensitive parts. My skin tingled all over, I could not help myself, my fingers searched out my clit, flicking it gently, feeling it harden beneath my teasing fingertips. The feelings of this simple touch were exquisite, I slipped a finger inside myself, the water ran down my hot body, I was so aroused by fingering myself I thrust my finger deep into my wet pussy, still rubbing against my clit, exciting myself till I came. I finished washing myself and rinsed the soap from my slippery body. After my refreshing shower I got dressed in my favourite black satin push up bra! Not that I needed to extend my cleavage any further; they are a generous 24 DD . 

It was already hot so I picked out a lovley muslin summer dress which buttoned all the way up the front. Breakfast seemed like a good idea and I went to the kitchen to squeeze myself some fresh orange juice. Then a yummy ripe banana to follow. I sighed as I thought about the pile of work that I needed to get stuck into but decided first to catch up with my emails and a quick chat on ICQ if any of my chat friends were online. I turned on the computer and quickly ran a comb through my hair. As usual I gave up after a few minutes of trying to style it and let it do what it normally did! Naturally curly hair certainly has a mind of it's own and who was I to try and change it now. I groaned as I saw how many junk emails I had and got to work deleting them quick smart!

A friend had emailed me and warned me about a person in our area who was doing a survey. I had just started to read this email when there was a knock at my door. "Bother," I thought to myself as I went to answer the door. I really liked this new ICQ chat friend and couldn't wait to read the rest of his email. He usually had a surprise or two for me! Then there was another knock on the door. Whoever it was is insistent! "Coming!" I called as I logged out of my email website. I muttered to myself as I went to answer the door. Standing there, a goodlooking man dressed in blue jeans and a white shirt and tie. He had a lovely smile but I was wary when I saw his clipboard.

Groan. I thought to myself a door to door salesman. Well I would get rid of him quick and get back to my computer. I slowly opened the ranch slider. "Good morning , ma'am. My name is Andy and I work for a market research Company. I'm in your neighbourhood on this wonderful spring morning doing a survey." Now I could have stopped him there, but I didn't. I'm a market researcher myself and strictly speaking I should have told him this.... But what the heck! I was curious to see what the survey was about. 

So I put on my Interviewers smile ( this manages to get me through many doors that others are unable to enter!) "Of course." I said with a little sultry pout for his benefit. "But first I must check your ID a woman can never be too careful."

"Certainly ." said Andy and gave me a closer look at the ID pinned to his shirt. I leaned close enough for him to get a whiff of the Imari perfume that I wore, just a dab between the breasts. I fingered his ID and stood back. "Well," I said, "It certainly looks real to me!" He slowly smiled. "Won't you come in?" I let him follow me, sure that I could feel his eyes staring at me. We sat at the table. 

Andy cleared his throat. "Perhaps I should have mentioned earlier that this survey is of a rather hmmm ah should I say personal nature." He then proceeded to blush. "Why whatever do you mean?" I asked him, enjoying his obvious embarrassment and wondering what the survey could possible be about. "Well, the survey is for woman only. And we have strict criteria as to qualification." He said, squirming as he spoke. "And they are?" I was really beginning to get very curious as to why he would be so uncomfortable. "We are interviewing woman about their preferences for bras and customer satisfaction." Now poor Andy was completely beetroot and started to cough. I took pity on him and quickly got him a glass if ice cold water.

As I placed the glass on the table he reached for the glass still spluttering and accidentally brushed his arm across my breast. He pulled away qickly and covered his embarrassment by having another coughing fit. He drank quickly again and seemed to gather his composure. "Is it acceptable to you if I continue?" He asked. Poor guy I wondered if it was possible for hin to continue without choking to death. "Of course. I'm only to pleased to help. Ask away."

"Could I have your name?" He asked, there were a few other boring questions about age, occupation, (I lied and said I was a legal secretary) and then on to the survey itself. Still slightly mundane questions as to which brand of bras I preferred. "Oh I love the cross your heart or push up bras, myself, don't you?" I couldn't help myself on that one. 

Andy seemed to be having such a problem looking directly at me that I couldn't resist trying to draw him out a little."I I I don't really know." He stuttered. He went straight back to his survey. "Where do you prefer to buy your bras from?"

"Why I always go to the same shop all the time. They are the only place in town that stock my size. And the lady in the shop is sooo helpful. It's the shop in town. You know the one on the corner, just down from the bank?" Andy shook his head. I wasn't going to let it go at that! I was beginning to enjoy myself. "I seem to have forgotten the name of the shop." He was squirming again. "I don't mean to be rude but is there something wrong?" I asked the poor man, leaning close with a look of concern on my face, never mind the eyeful of breast he would have caught a glimpse of! "If you don't mind could I borrow your bathroom?"

"Why of course! Why didn't you say so before?" I gave him my nicest smile and stood up, I stumbled and almost landed in his lap! "Ooops sorry. How clumsy of me." Now it was my turn to look a little embarassed. 

"Are you alright?" Andy asked with what sounded like genuine concern. "I think I may have turned my ankle." I replied. "Let me look" Andy helped me to my chair and took my ankle in his hand. They were such big hands and yet he was so gentle as he massaged my ankle and checked to see if I had hurt it. "I did a first aid course recently and we covered sprains, it seems fine to me but if you have an ice pack I could apply it to your ankle." I pointed to the freezer. He found the ice pack. "Would you be more comfortable with your foot elevated?" He asked. I nodded . "Where would be the best place?" Andy looked directly at me. "Umm in my room actually then I could do some work." My heart was beginning to beat a little faster. I started to get up and try to limp to my room. "I'll help you." And before I knew it Andy had scooped me up in his arms and was asking directions to my room. Now it was my turn to stutter..."Ddown the hallway and the rroom on the left..." God he smelt so good and such strong arms, he placed me on the bed and returned to the kitchen to get me a glass of water, was it my imagination or was he coming on to me?

Andy returned with the glass of water and sat beside me. "It's very hot in here." I said to him. "Wouldn't you be more comfortable if you loosened your collar and tie?" Andy did not hesitate, he quickly loosened his tie and undid his first shirt button. Here's where I took the initiative... I reached out to Andy and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. He said nothing, just watched me. I opened his shirt to reveal a very sexy, tanned chest. I pulled him towards me, stroking his firm chest, running my hands across his chest muscles. He kisses me first, his mouth moving on mine. Kissing, tongues thrusting into each other's mouths, hungrily kissing. Fondling each other through our clothes. His hand reached under my dress, stroking my leg, going higher, caressing my hip, surprised at the lack of panties. 

Laughing a little as we had difficulty getting each others clothes off. Frantically struggling with his belt buckle, my bra clasp and the little buttons on my muslin dress. When Andy undid my bra at the front, my breasts burst free, creamy white, smooth breasts with dusky coloured aureola surrounding the centre of attention; nipples erect from the slight breeze blowing through the open window and from rubbing against the material of my black sheer lacy bra. "You're a beautiful woman." Andy whispered into my ear as he ran his hands down my body. "I'm hard already just from touching you." His soft words brushing warmly, tickling against my ear. Now naked we explore. My fingers touched his prick, already stiff and wanting my attention. I run my finger across the top of his erect prick gathering the glistening drop of fluid that is there. Tasting it, sucking his body fluid from my fingertip and watching with excitement as his prick responds by leaking more. He kisses my nipples, sucking them, holding the stiff nub of flesh in his mouth. My body feels so alive. Sensuous. Electrified by his touch. Expertly rolling his tongue around, he inflamed me even more, giving me exquisite feelings of pleasure as he sucked on my nipples.

Andy kissed each nipple, gently brushing his lips across the tip, I gasped a little. Such an exciting feeling in my body, it started as a tingling, an anticipation of what was to come. Andy's hands roamed all over my body making me so aroused. I stroked Andy's erect prick, feeling the throbbing warmth of his stiff member in my hand. I was squeezing his balls with my other hand, massaging them. Stroking him upwards fast and slow on the downbeat. Andy's hands touch my pussy and I almost screamed with pleasure. I wriggled my pussy against his questing hand inviting him to touch me, to give me pleasure. I held him tighter in my hand, closing my grip to build the pressure on his prick. His prick now encirled by my tight, slightly damp hand, stroking him faster. He groans in my ear. "God, oh god, that feels so good." 

Andy's finger entered my hot, moist, tight pussy. I moaned as he entered so slowly, lingering, exciting me, thrilling me, making me buck against his probing finger, moving my hips to ride his finger, thrusting him deeper inside me, squeezing my pussy muscles around his finger. Quickly my pussy is wet with my juices, I feel an orgasm building. Reaching a peak, needing to thrust harder, faster.Wanting more. Aching to feel him inside me. Feeling his hand rubbing up against my clit sends me ecstatically over the edge. "OH GOD, yes, yes , oh god, yes, Andy!" I scream as I cum on his finger. The ongoing orgasm sending a rush of heat through me. Andy pulls his finger from my tight, slick hole, sliding his fingers through my well lubricated pussy.

No need for extended foreplay. I'm ready for him. I want him to take me, to fill my wet pussy with his hard prick and screw me till we cum together. I am eager for him. I reach for him. But he shakes his head. "You must wait." Andy lowers his head, nuzzling at my pussy. I whimper as his tongue licks my inner thigh. His tongue rasping on my tender skin. When his tongue enters my pussy I try so hard not to cum straight away. The feeling as his tongue enters me is so delicious. I grab my bedspread in my hands clasping tight to prevent myself cumming too quickly. His warm tongue darts in and out, teasing me, his mouth sucking on my pussy. I almost faint as he sucks on my highly aroused quivering pussy. I arch my back, thrusting my wet pussy against his face, grinding my wanton, lustful pussy against his wonderful tongue. I no longer have control. My hands gripping harder on the bedspread, I scream his name as I near orgasm. "ANDY!" I cum on his face as he tongues me, he laps at my juices he lifts his head smiling at me.

"Now you are ready for me." Andy sits up, drawing me to him. He kisses me tenderly on the mouth. "Get on all fours." He whispers to me. "Offer yourself to me." I pull away from him. crouching before him, showing him my eagerness to please. Almost wanting to beg him to screw me, to thrust his hard prick inside my swollen aching pussy, his hand caresses my small round cheeks. 

"Such a lovely bum." Andy takes his hand away, I back up towards him, getting closer to him. "Slap." I feel a stinging on my buttock as Andy slaps me. 

"Oh god." I mumble. I turn my head to see our reflections in the mirror , Andy's has his prick in his hand, stroking it, raising his other hand to slap my bum again, my cheeks tingled. My pussy tightens as I watch him smack my bum again and again. He seems to enjoy this as well, his hand stroking faster and faster. 

He begins to jerk, I whimper as I want him to enter me. "Please Andy. Satisfy me. Please?" Andy stops his hand motion and comes closer to me. Sliding his swollen prick against my dripping pussy. I rock backwards, lowering my haunches a little to help him enter me more easily. His prick finds my welcoming slit and he enters me, fast and forcefully he takes me, I gasp at the quick way he enters me but enjoy the roughness of his actions, taken by surprise but so excited as he thrusts inside me. Andy feels my excitement and quickens the pace of our lovemaking. Faster and faster he thrusts, I thrust my pussy back at him his balls bang against my clit, so furious is his thrusting, plunging himself as deep as he can into the tightness of my pussy. The pace fast, I follow his pace with my body feeling the rhythm he sets. I feel him so deep inside me thrusting, stroking, his hard prick filling me. 

"I'm cumming." Andy yells out. I thrust harder, clenching my pussy around his stiff prick, milking the cum from him. Andy grunts and shudders as I feel his liquid warmth inside me. Straining against his prick as I feel myself ready to cum. "God, yes, oh god yes" I scream as I too cum. A glorious feeling of blissful esctasy rippling through my body.

We pull apart. Lying beside each other. Sexually replete. I curl against his side, running my hand across his naked chest. "Well, shall I call around next week and finish the survey?" Andy smiles at me. 

I nod at him. "Yes. Please."