 Finals week is tough on any student which is why stress relief is always a plus. Some party, some work out, some sleep... All depends.

The girl from class mentioned to me out of the blue one day that she needed to study for some tests including the final for our mutual class, and she also asked if I'd join her in the college library. Somewhat surprised but hardly uninterested, I accepted and agreed to meet later that evening. For the few hours I had to wait I paced my apartment with nothing to do. As the time came near, I left early and showed up just as she kissed her fiance goodbye. He got into his car and drove off, not even seeing me walk by. I placed my hand in the small of her back and led her inside, asking how things were with her fiance. She replied that everything was going smoothly, even with the unexpected pregnancy. That last remark came with a wink which I smiled at.

Individual study carols littered each floor of the library, but since we had to study and quiz each other we requested a study room. The study rooms line the one wall of the building, and come complete with a table, three or four chairs, a window and a door. We set our books down and began pouring over the vast material our prof. had covered in this semester. With each passing page she moved a little closer, touched me a little more. Hand on my thigh, arm on my shoulder, lips breathing by my ear. I shivered slightly at that; she giggled and asked if I was cold.

"No, not really, just a little on edge," was the reply.

With thick sarcasm she asked, "On edge? How?"

I tried to explain to her that having her near me was enough, but she kept toying with me, vocally and physically. The hand on my thigh crept upwards, the arm on my shoulder massaged slowly, the lips caressed my earlobes... Unable to take this, I turned my head and kissed her hard on the lips. She whispered in my ear that she was very very wet and that she needed my help again. Lifting me lightly out of my chair, she pushed the chair I was sitting on against the wall and shoved me into it. Undoing my zipper, she grabs my cock and starts sucking on it furiously. My eyes roll into the back of my head in pleasure. Unknown to me, she's undoing her pants and slipping out of them while running her tongue up and down my tip. Releasing me from her mouth she climbs on top of me in one fluid motion, dressed in only a shirt, and buries me inside of her cunt. 

She was right, she's very wet. And very warm. Her hips rock forward and back, forward and back, in and out, in and out. With my length, each forward stroke is hitting her in just the right spots, causing her to cry out quietly. I really want her to let go and just take it all so I grab her hips, guiding her back and forth at an even faster pace. Looking at me, she grabs my face with both hands and tells me to cum. Letting go of what little self control I have left, I feel myself getting closer and closer to a climax when all of a sudden in crests. Contractions squeeze the cum out of me and inbetween her thrusting hips, causing me to shudder in joy. The warmth I placed inside of her caused her own orgasm to plateau and slowly subside. Each thrust is a little gentler than the last until finally she stops.

"I need a break," she says. "Wanna go grab some food?" with a half-mile wide grin on her face.