 Note: This story is not a trilogy of erotic tales, but instead, a tale of three people who share three erotic encounters... I do hope you all enjoy!

*****

-one-

"FIRE"

I was jealous when my twin brother John told me he had a girlfriend. John was mine, and I didn't want to share him. I couldn't tell him that, of course. I was the fast girl during high school, and even in college, when my tastes went far beyond what I could get in back seat, I never even tried to make love to John. We were best friends, and sometimes he was the only guy in the world I could stand the sight of, but I never told him how I truly felt.

But this woman, who he found in our sophomore year in junior college, was a threat all the sudden. John was a propeller-head and had as much social life as the computers he worked on. Our mother and I kept him decently dressed and made sure he had a date now and then, but when he latched on to this Daphne person, it was a surprise.

I have to admit she did him good. She was a fellow computer person, he told us. One day, he asked me to come along when he picked her up from work.

We waited for her in the mall. I didn't even know what she looked like, and I was surprised at the woman who waved and smiled as she came out the door.

"This is Daphne," he said to me. "And this is my sister, Anna." My respect for John went into orbit. She was drop-dead beautiful. Like me, she was of medium height, with thick, dark hair pulled back and tied with a crimson ribbon. She had a pale, round face and wore a black jacket, very short black skirt, black stockings, and flats. She wore oversized round glasses over large, violet eyes. I felt almost plain next to her.

She squeezed my hand firmly, then let go of it and kissed John very thoroughly.

The initial impression was good for both of us. The fact that we liked each other immediately didn't lessen my jealousy, but made it easier. We became close quickly. We double-dated (I didn't have a regular boy-friend, but I had a small stable of men who were more than willing to be seen with me). I spent time with both of them. We made a very comfortable threesome. She became my best friend.

Mom told me she was sure they were sleeping together. I knew they were, but I wasn't telling. I didn't talk to them about it either, because I was afraid I'd betray myself.

Every summer Mom arranged to borrow a friend's lakeside home over the Independence Day weekend. John and I were going, of course, and Daphne was invited too.

Mom, John and I arrived together Thursday night, and Daphne was beating on the front door by eight the next morning. When the day got warm, we ditched shorts for bathing suits. John had his classic trunks, I wore a high-collared, skin tight yellow one piece, and Daphne wore a thong bikini that was positively indecent. She looked very good, and I wondered again how Jon had managed to land her. It made me want to get her into bed, and I felt a different kind of jealousy.

"I think you must be the two sexiest women in the world," John said as he lay between us beside the lake.

"You can't count," I said. "There's one here, and she's on the other side of you." I'm far from beautiful, but I've got a killer body and I make the most of it.

"I accept the compliment," Daphne said, "and I don't think Anna has anything to complain about."

"Besides," I said, "I'm your sister, you're not supposed to notice me."

"Sorry," he said, slapping my butt, "can't help it." So maybe he did notice me. We'd shared a bathroom for years, he should have noticed something by now. I had. He could pat my rear anytime. He turned his head away and I heard the sound of his hand on Daphne's bottom. She laughed, and I looked over. His hand lingered on her bare bottom, and for a moment I envied her. But I kept watching his hand until he drew it back.

We had a barbecue in the late afternoon and debated whether or not we'd all go watch fireworks at the park on the far side of the lake. Mom decided she wanted to go, but we decided to stay. I had an idea why John and Daphne wanted mom to go away for awhile, but they seemed willing to let me stay. Mom seemed happy that I was staying too, probably thinking it would keep them from any sexual shenanigans. I knew better, but I wasn't telling her.

We cleaned up and sat in the shade of the porch. Mom and I read and John and Daphne played backgammon. About seven o'clock Mom decided to leave to find a good seat. As soon as the car disappeared up the driveway John and Daphne were on their feet.

"We'll be back," John said to me.

"Ooooh, can I watch?" I asked playfully. John, of course, knew my predilections, and ignored me.

"Not this time!" Daphne replied with a laugh as they disappeared into the house.

Refilling my glass from the pitcher of iced tea, I thought about her answer, wondering if she meant it. I returned to my book, but I couldn't concentrate because I caught myself listening to them. I could imagine John's hands on her breasts, his lips and tongue on her round, brown nipples, his fingers opening the delicate flower between her legs, finding the sensitive nub of her clitoris beneath its hood with his tongue. My fantasy was punctuated by a particularly loud moan

from Daphne, and I imagined her mouth open, her tongue licking its way up John's erect cock, exploring the cleft at the base of his glands, then the hole at its tip, sucking it into her mouth, her head bobbing up and down as she took him deeper and deeper, his hands in her hair and on her breasts...

Unconsciously I'd been rubbing my vulva through the thin material of my swimsuit, and my orgasm was almost a surprise. I relaxed afterward, slurped iced tea, wondering how I could have either one of them. I enjoyed women as well as men, and I simply couldn't find a preference for either. Right now I felt a strong preference for both my brother and his lover.

Daphne stepped out onto the porch, in her bikini, her color high. Without saying anything, she found her glass and poured herself some tea. I smiled at her and returned to my book.

Fireworks were scheduled for 10:30, and it was pretty dark an hour earlier. We played Frisbee on the lawn for awhile until it got dark, then sat on the grass by the lake, still in our swimsuits. It was pleasantly warm.

"Want to take a swim?" I asked.

"Skinny dip!" John said.

This caught me by surprise, but it was dark, after all, and there were no other houses too close.

"I will if Daphne will," I said.

"Well, I've got nothing to hide," she said.

"I know," I said, "you haven't been hiding it all day!" She laughed.

John already had his trunks off. I stripped off my suit as Daphne untied her halter and slipped off her thong. Her breasts were smaller than mine, and her hips wider. I'd always wanted a figure more like hers than mine, with breasts too big and butt too skinny. I watched her ass bounce into the lake with a splash. "C'mon, Anna," John said, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the water. He kept a tight grip on me until we hit the water and ran full into Daphne. We all went down in a pleasant tangle of arms and legs.

We shed our inhibitions along with our bathing suits. Splashing turned into tickling in the shallows, and it didn't seem to matter who was tickling who. Tickling turned into wrestling . I took John down once, and we were grabbing just anywhere to get the job done. Daphne pulled me off of him and took me down with obvious glee.

After I elbowed her off my back she decided that John was friendlier, and after a very quick, very touchy-feely conference, they ganged up on me. For about two seconds I was underwater with something heavy and soft on me. I barely had time to struggle against imminent drowning when they hauled me up and, amid much laughter, deposited me with a thud on the grass.

I lay on my back, spread-eagled, unable to control my own laughter, and they collapsed nearby, laughing at least as hard as me. Eventually I was reduced to just trying to catch my breath, until I noticed that the heavy breathing nearby had a different note to it. I rolled onto my side. John and Daphne were practicing their French kissing. They were side by side and Jon was in an obvious state of excitement.

I probably should have snuck off, but the preceding half hour of water sports had removed all traces of sanity. I crept a few feet closer to them and just watched. When their kiss ended they looked straight at me.

"Can I watch?" I asked, my voice just above a whisper.

"God, yes," Daphne said. John dipped his head to take her left nipple in his mouth, which I took for assent. I settled back on my knees as she moaned with pleasure as he sucked, then extended his tongue to circle the nipple.

John straightened up on his knees after a few moments. His cock stood out from his body like a pump handle, long and thick. In the bright moonlight I could see the glitter of a drop of liquid on its tip. Daphne got up and crept closer to him and I spread my knees against the rough, cool grass in anticipation.

The angle was bad, but I knew she had taken his cock in her mouth by the way her head moved and the way his hand curled about her neck. I scooted to the right to see better, and saw his cock slowly sliding out from between her lips, gleaming with her saliva. His pole was bigger than any I'd ever sucked, and I could almost taste his turgid flesh. I cupped my breasts and squeezed as her tongue curled around his glands. She ran her pursed lips up and down the shaft, even sucking on one of his balls, before taking first his glands back in her mouth, then the shaft all the way to the root, so fast that I almost gagged in sympathy. It didn't seem to bother her at all, and she left him in here for what seemed like a full minute, her jaw and throat working. John grabbed her head with both hands, his eyes closed, and when she released his cock, he began to pump his hips, fucking her mouth. I saw movement between her legs; her ass was still prominent to me, and the movement was her hand, teasing her vagina open. I dropped my right hand from my breast, leaving it almost cold in the night air, and found my own clitoris. It was already tingling with vicarious pleasure, but the first touch of my finger sent an almost painful stab through my legs and buttocks.

At my gasp, Daphne released John's cock completely, then grabbed it with the hand that had recently been between her legs. She looked at me with a slight smile, then looked up at him. "Do me," she said, her voice surprisingly loud.

"Sit on my face," he replied, glancing at me as if to make sure he still had his audience. Daphne rolled to a sitting position, her knees wide apart, and he lay on his back.

"You just want me to suck your cock more," she said, bending over him. Their tongues slid over each other, then she turned and kissed his belly.

"Just don't get distracted and bite down at the wrong time," he said as she swung one leg over him. He grabbed her generous hips and pulled her ass to him. The last thing I saw of his face was his tongue sticking out, its tip moving in anticipation.

Daphne kissed the tip of his cock again, and her lips and tongue moved over the shaft, but she was soon too distracted to work seriously on him.

By this time I had my middle finger deep inside myself, and I lifted one breast up to tongue my nipple. Daphne had abandoned any thought of fellatio. Her back was arched, her head thrown back, and she twisted one of her nipples furiously between her fingers. Soon enough she came with a loud gasp, sparking my own orgasm, which was just a little quieter.

After a few moments she rolled off and knelt beside him, stroking his chest and belly. Then he took her by the waist and pulled her on top of him. She straddled him, and they kissed greedily as he moved his hands over her back and ass. His cock was in shadow between her legs, but I could imagine it pressing against her pussy lips. I crept closer, my heart thudding painfully.

Indeed, I saw in the dim light, the tip of my brother's penis lay nestled between her damp lips, and I was close enough to smell their musk. I watched her hips press downward and his push upward, but his cock slid away. I saw my opportunity to have at least a little part in this love feast, so I reached down between Daphne's legs, took hold of the warm, hard cock, and aimed it again for Daphne's waiting pussy. Feeling what I was doing, Jon didn't move, but Daphne thrust downward again, and my positioning of his cock was perfect. I rested my arm on Daphne's leg as he slid into her, then too far out. I steadied it again, now wet with her juices, and once again she impaled herself on him, this time sitting up on his hips so he wouldn't slip out again. I moved back, my hand boldly brushing the smooth skin of her bottom, and sat back with my legs curled under me, sucking at my musk-moistened fingers.

John's hands cupped and caressed Daphne's breasts, rolling her nipples as she bounced up and down on him. He was getting closer and closer to coming, but she had other plans and stopped her movement.

"Don't stop, Daph," he moaned.

"I want you on top of me," she said, kissing him and standing, releasing his cock. Without looking behind her she flopped on her back, her knees in the air and spread wide. I saw where her head was going to land and I positioned myself underneath it. She looked up at me, but her attention was taken by John's thrusting cock and she reached down to guide him in.

He lay atop her, his mouth locked on hers, her hands on his ass, and his hips moved slowly. I leaned on one hand and looked down at them, my other hand resting absently against Daphne's head. As John's excitement increased, he rose up on his hands, his head brushing against my breast as he did so. Not breaking the rhythm of his fucking he looked up at me and licked his lips. Unable to resist his plea, I held out that breast to him and watched as he fastened his mouth on my

waiting nipple. I couldn't contain my moan of pleasure as he sucked at it, sending a laser beam of pleasure straight to my clitoris. I looked down at my brother sucking my breast and saw Daphne below him, her head pillowed on my thighs, her eyes glittering in the moonlight, watching us, smiling and licking her lips.

Emboldened by my brother's touch and his lover's apparent approval, I reached down with my free hand and took hold of her breast. It was just big enough to fill my hand, and I saw her close her eyes. Out of the corner of my eye I watched one hand move from John's waist into the darkness between their bodies. From Jon's reaction she must have found the point of union, where his penis motioned in and out of her vagina. His mouth left my breast and he arched his head back, grunting and groaning with the ecstasy of his rapidly-approaching climax. He cried aloud as he came, and his buttocks clenched as he thrust into Daphne as far as he could.

At that moment the fireworks started across the lake, gold, green, red and blue light spreading over us. John lowered himself onto Daphne. I looked up at the display, caressing Daphne's hair, and after a moment I stroked John's hair as well. Eventually I became aware of my legs falling asleep beneath me and tried to move them a little. I didn't really want to disturb our little tableau, but Daphne sensed my discomfort.

"Up, dear," she said softly, and John rose on his knees between her legs, his penis now only half-erect. He took her hands and pulled her to a sitting position, her head resting against his chest. I straightened out my legs, then wiggled them back and forth to restore the circulation.

"Show off," I heard Daphne say.

"Exhibitionist," he replied.

"Voyeur," I said, raising my hand and waving it. They both laughed and let go of each other, sitting in the grass.

"God, that was good," Daphne said. "We should do it with an audience more often."

"I liked it too," I said. I got up, shaking my legs a little more. He got up too, and to my surprise grabbed me about the waist, pulled me to him, and gave me a most un-brotherly kiss. Then he let me go just as fast, took Daphne's hand, and started toward the house. Just as big red star shell lit up the sky I saw Daphne turn and smile at me over her shoulder.

I scooped up our bathing suits and followed them.

-two-

"FIST"

I fingered myself to sleep and woke early, feeling refreshed. I made coffee and sat on the porch in my robe.

There was movement inside, and Daphne came out the door with her own cup of coffee and robe and sat next to me.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said. I looked at her, caught her looking sideways at me, and sipped. "No regrets?"

"No," she said after a moment. "None at all." I held my hand out to her and after a moment's hesitation she took it and squeezed.

"We could go on a little hike today," I said. "There's a trail I know, flat, in the trees..."

"Just you and me, okay?" she said. Surprised, I agreed.

The trail was a half-dozen miles up in the hills. I stopped in a turnout where the car would be in the shade most of the day, and pointed out an almost-hidden trail leading into the woods. The property was owned by the same people who owned the cabin and was quite private.

Daphne took the knapsack first, and we started off. After a short, sharp climb over a ridge we descended into the valley of a small stream that drained into the lake. The walk was enjoyable, with birds singing and squirrels in the trees and a light breeze to keep the woods from getting stuffy.

"Can we talk about last night?" she asked after we'd been on the trail for about half an hour.

"Sure, but let's stop first. There's a good spot by the stream up here a little way. We can stop there." I wanted to talk to her, too, as well as to my brother.

We found it about ten minutes later, a little thicket that couldn't be seen from the trail unless you knew where it was. We sat, pulled out Cokes, and looked at each other.

"I've never done anything like that before," Daphne said. She looked at me, expecting an answer.

"I have, kind of. I was at a party once that turned into an orgy. There were three of us there, none with a date. We mostly watched."

"Mostly?"

I just smiled.

"It was fun being watched."

"It was really fun watching."

She laughed. "Your brother..."

"Yeah." I took a long drink, remembering my hand on his cock, his mouth on my nipple, his tongue and mine together.

"I think you wanted more from him than what you got last night." She didn't look at me.

"He's my brother, Daphne. My twin brother." I wondered who I was trying to convince.

"So you guys have never..."

"No. That was the first time we'd ever ... touched each other like that."

"Well, John does kind of lose himself to the moment during sex." She was trying not to smile.

"That French kiss he gave me was somewhat after sex," I shot back, challenging.

"Yeah, you're right, it was."

"Daphne, you don't seem to mind that I would really like to sleep with John."

She laughed.

"Why should I? You're his sister. You're no threat. I wouldn't mind sharing him with you, because you'd never take him away from me."

I hadn't thought of it that way.

"You're right, I wouldn't do that. Couldn't do that." I sighed. "But how does he feel about it? Has he told you?"

"I think last night was an indication. It doesn't matter if he's related to you or not, part of him wants you."

I sipped and sat for awhile. "Yeah, well, the feeling's mutual. So that do I do, jump him some night when you're not around?"

She turned toward me, pushed a lock of dark hair away from her face, and said, "Anna, I would not make you commit incest without being there to provide moral support."

"Or immoral support, whichever the case may be." We laughed hard, rocking against each other. I ended up leaning on her shoulder and didn't feel much like moving. She didn't push me off, either. I decided to take the next logical step.
