 VI

"Yes ma'am, I want you, I need you, I want to please you before you allow me to come deep inside your wonderful places." 

Even Janet was stunned at his response, he was either playing the game with alacrity, or he was totally in her control. She wanted to see how far she could make him go before this night was through. She knew that she wanted to feel bruised and battered sexually, and that tomorrow a cuddle would hopefully be the most they could manage, but for tonight, she wanted the excesses of every kind of sex they could imagine. She didn't want love tonight, though she knew they both loved each other dearly, she wanted fucking, she wanted penetrating, she wanted that sure sharp feeling of buoyancy that only orgasm after orgasm could give to her.

She walked into the bathroom, and heard him following her. The last light of the candles spilled into the corners of the room, their flame almost dying, and she knew what she wanted. She filled her glass halfway, and swiftly downed the contents. The liquid cleared her mouth, bringing it alive, and she turned to see him standing by the door. Refilling her glass, settling the bottle down onto the work top, she took another mouthful of the sweet wine. Beckoning him across, she stepped behind him, lifting the glass to his lips and making him drain the last of the wine down. She ran her hands over his sides, his back, and his flanks after placing the glass by the bottle. She noted he was still semi-erect, which pleased her. 

Grabbing a towel she roughly bound his hands together with just a slipknot. As he struggled, the knot slipped away, so she slapped him hard across his buttocks with the back of her hand, telling him to be perfectly still, that she wasn't going to hurt him. She stifled a laugh, how many times had he said that to her in the past! She tied the towel again, pleased that he trusted her enough not to try and force it apart. She ran some warm water onto a flannel, and, kneeling before him, proceeded to wash every part of his cock clean carefully peeling the hood back from his glans. Four times she repeated this, till she was convinced he was totally clean of all but his own muskiness. She stepped lightly across the floor to the vanity bowl, and started to run the cold tap.

She quickly began to clean her teeth, watching him in the mirror, his back silhouetted against the candle light in the corner. He moved once, to turn towards her, but she snapped at him to stay where he was, adding that he could move his feet if he was getting stiff. Again, she suppressed a giggle. After cleaning her teeth, she smeared a tiny amount of the white paste on her tongue, rubbing it into the roof of her mouth. She had once read of this as an aid, and was eager to try it out on him. She stepped back in front of him, holding another flannel, heavy with warm water, and fixing him in the eye, proceeded to wash every inch of her smooth crotch. In front of him like that, she watched his prick as it began to twitch. 

When she was satisfied with the effect on him, she towelled herself dry lightly, dropping it to the floor. She knelt down on the soft white cotton, and held his flanks with her hands. All the time her eyes never left his, and she formed her mouth into a perfect large "O."

She let her mouth encircle his glans, but without touching it at all, breathing so that the air flowed across this most sensitive area of his. He groaned slightly, and she closed her lips halfway down his shaft, holding him inside her mouth, but not touching any other part of it. Then she flicked her tongue twice across the exposed end, smiling inwardly as she felt him respond to this treatment. 

Suddenly she clamped her mouth tight around him, drawing up the length of his shaft, slipping one hand to the now smooth base of his member, till only his head was enveloped in her moist mouth. 

She ran her tongue round and round the head, watching him tremble before her, and tasting just a trickle of pre-cum from him. The mint cooled the end of his prick, and he gasped as the tang suddenly registered within him. The sharp edge contrasted so smoothly with her heat and wetness, making him feel so much harder than he ever had before. She began to rock backwards and forwards on her heels, never losing his stare, never moving so much as one inch of her body, just rocking her weight forwards, backwards, forwards again. She knew that at this moment, if she so much as flexed one abdominal muscle, she would most likely bring herself off, but she wanted this moment to be for John. Her hands still held the tops of his thighs, trying to keep him perfectly still.

The moment he fell prey to his own desires within him, and forced himself forward, thrusting into her mouth, she popped him from her mouth, and stood up straight before him. "I never told you to move darling, this is about what I want to do to you, not what you want to do to me!" she chided. She kissed him full on the mouth, catching him unawares, the fresh mint taste mixed with his scent, contrasting with the remnants of wine in his mouth. 

She pressed her body onto his, trapping his erectness between their bellies, gently rolling from side to side on him, knowing that the friction would be agony for him, almost on the verge of coming. She stepped away again, and roughly pulled the towel from his wrists behind him. As he stood, perplexed, rubbing his wrists, she walked from the bathroom, slapping him hard across the arse with one corner of the towel, telling him to follow her. She had something she wanted him to do and something she needed to feel, for herself, and for him.

Once in the bedroom, she replaced the now filled cassette in the video, hushing his protests, saying that when they were both too tired tomorrow, the least they could do would be to bring up the portable television from the dining room, and lay in bed, watching themselves. Kneeling at the head of the bed, Janet washed the dildo carefully with the flannel and now-cold water from under the bed. He sat on the edge of the bed, looking at her, but every time he made to speak, she silenced him with a kiss. Once she was sure it was clean and fresh, she whispered to him that she wanted him to fuck her with the new toy. She made him tie her wrists to the bedhead as she gripped the iron railing. He strapped her wrists, then gently tied her to the railing, allowing her freedom to move her hands, but not much leeway to stop any chance of untying the bonds on her own. As she knelt, facing the wall, she began to ache for him and his touch. She spread her knees apart, telling him to place a pillow there between her legs. She realised that this was a risk, now that she was bound, she could fall prey to anything he wished himself, but she was banking on him doing her bidding, following her instructions.

Telling him to massage her with oils, she writhed against his palms as they caressed and covered every inch of her arse, her thighs, her belly, and her sex. Occasionally he would part her lips and allow his finger just the lightest trail along the slit, but never lingering. Each time he renewed the oils on his hands, he would reach round and kiss her. It surprised him when she asked for the blindfold, but she knew what she wanted. It came close, she had almost begged for it, but she kept the note of pleading from her voice. Beginning to be excited by his attentions and her own fantasy, pleasure roamed into every corner and crevice of her trapped body. 

The soft cloth wrapped her in a cocoon of darkness and secrecy, all she could hear was her heart, her blood pounding, his breathing, and the swish of his hands against her expectant skin. He cheekily dipped a finger inside her now, just teasingly, before removing it and carrying on. She felt urges of want, lust and desire as he leant round to kiss her, his hardness pressing into her bottom cheeks as he did so. She felt the desire to beg him to fuck her there and then, but remembered her fantasy. Shaking inside, she calmed her voice, telling him to get the dildo. 

He began to rub the length of it along her sex, from her clit up to the base of her spine and then back again. She raised herself, telling him to stand it proud and erect on the pillow, and to make sure it stood there on its' own. As he held it there, she made him guide her, with his free hand splaying her vaginal opening apart to accept the bulbous head inside her. She felt it nudge against her there, rubbing through his fingers, parting her wider and wider. Her cunt seemed smaller, too small to accept it, and she bit her lip as she forced herself onto the girth and down so that it began to slide into her. 

She moaned softly as it began to travel up, almost towards her womb, stopping halfway, to rise up and then travel down upon it again. Stars burst behind the blindfold, as her senses reeled and she forgot that it was a phallus, suddenly it had become a hot throbbing monster inside her, real, flesh and blood, and living. 

She began to ride it hard, gripping the rail for dear life as the feelings mounted in her. Sweat trickled from her, pouring from her neck to run down the valley of her jiggling bosom, the nipples erect and aching to be touched. "Oh God, touch me" she begged, not caring now if she held John in her power. His hands snaked around the sides of her chest to cup each breast in their hold, before his fingers spread to cover their whole being. 

He pressed them back onto her, squashing the mounds of flesh almost flat. Her nipples poked through his open fingers, and he tightened them to pinch and hold them still. Small stabs of fire played through her whole body as the pleasurable pain began to join with the pounding deep inside her. One hand slipped away, to wander down her belly, to run through the valley of her groin and tease her clit. She shuddered, forcing herself to stop. "No, not that, not yet John."

The hand obediently slid away, to roll over her flank, and knead the flesh of her bum, pulled taut by her posture. And then it left her. She stayed there, not daring to move, letting the climactic peak subside before she scaled that height again to fall over the precipice. Suddenly her groin felt on fire, as tremors began to pulse through her. She smiled away from him, knowing he had turned the motor on. He alternated between a soft whisper and almost full power, seeming to know just when she would run away with her orgasm. The sweat still poured from her, her hair began to feel plastered, and she licked her lips to enjoy the salty tang, using it to divert her attention from the pulsing throbbing prick inside her. All too soon, it seemed, she knew she could hold back no more. 

She moaned "Yes, yes, yes," time and time again. 

John slammed the control onto full power, and held her nipples in a pinch, pulling them as far as he dared, stretching her breasts out in front of her. She didn't know if it was the pain, or the pleasure, but she took all gratefully, and felt herself falling. She cried real tears behind the blindfold as she was engulfed in a sea of pleasure, the force of it so hard that she felt blinded by an immense white light in her mind. Tremor after tremor, shock after shock shook her body, all her nerves were no longer under her control as she let herself go and ignore any sense of real time or real worlds. She slipped into a pleasure dome of their own making, and screamed as stabs of fire shot into her body from all angles. 

When she came to, her head was on her hands. She shook her head, trying to fathom out where she was. The blindfold held her in suspense, till slowly she felt the girth of the monster buried deep inside her, the motor now an almost imperceptible, silent whisper. John's hands held her waist, stroking her, calming her. Mini orgasms were still raging through her belly, like occasional starbursts inside her midriff. The realisation sank in that he hadn't done anything, hadn't taken advantage of her in her position. 

She felt as if she had been asleep, but the lapse may have been only momentary. She raised herself up, till the ties on her wrist cut into her, the sharp pain forcing her mind to focus. The tip of the monster in her twitched just inside her opening, tickling her labia, juices flowing from her. She blushed as she wondered how much she had come, and wondered if they could both take anymore.

His hardness pressing into her back, nestled between the cheeks of her arse convinced her there was more yet that they could do. "More oil" she rasped, her voice sounding throaty and husky as she realised how dry her mouth had become. It seemed almost ludicrous, her groin awash with juices and her mouth dry as parchment. He began to pour oil onto his hand, when she ordered him to give her wine. She felt his weight shift and his knob slip across her oiled globes as he reached for the glass. 

She sipped first, as he offered the glass to her lips, moistening the inside of her mouth, before taking a welcome mouthful and greedily swallowing it down. When she had quenched her thirst and fully wetted her mouth, still straddling the burrowing monster, she told him to carry on.

To stop her legs aching, she occasionally raised and lowered herself, flexing the muscles. His hands roamed her body, rubbing the oil into her skin, supple and smooth. All her tensions eased from her as he carried on, brushing her nipples, his lips kissing the back of her neck, nibbling at her ears, till her breath began to get shorter and shorter, finding herself pounding down onto the dildo. 

She caught herself, forcing the pace to slow, yet enjoying his attentions. She imagined herself astride him, his body the pillow below her, the pulsing member inside her his prick. As she did this, she flashed suddenly to realising what he had felt like when she had tricked him earlier with the wig and the tape. Trickles of electric tingles rolled through her sex as a mini orgasm reared its' head and flitted from point to point inside her. She let herself be carried along the train of thought. VII

Shifting her balance, she pressed back onto him, pressing the valley of her globes onto his swollen shaft, the oil letting his hairlessness slip up and down her cleft. She rolled her imagination onto the runway, and it took flight. She felt John's hand s on her body, felt his cock against her arse cheeks, yet all the while some mystery stranger was between her legs, and she was impaled on him.

The picture presented in her mind thrilled her beyond belief. It had once been an idle fantasy, one she thought long forgotten till it suddenly sprung in her mind. Here she was, a slave, tied to a shackle, stripped naked, and being used for two men's' pleasure, unable to escape. Her breath became ragged as John appeared to read her mind and her body's needs. His hands carried on over her body, rubbing, twisting, pinching, and occasionally wandering far enough to playfully nip and tease her swollen lips wrapped around the prick inside her. 

Suddenly she was no longer Janet, she was not tied in her bedroom, and she was in a stable. The two stable lads had caught her watching them working in the hayloft, stripped to the waist, young muscular torsos glistening in the oil lamp, sweat laying a sheen across their bodies. She had been so engrossed in watching one of them (John she decided quickly) that she had not noticed the other creep up behind her and catch her in his arms. He always remained faceless, no matter how hard she tried to "see" him, so she gave up and indulged in the erotic play unfolding inside her.

They had dragged her onto the floor, the loose hay cushioning her fall, and each taking it in turn to undress her, soon had her standing, pleading, naked. The smell of horses threw an image of a stallion, his engorged prick dangling down, and her on all fours. She blushed at the thought and drove it from her mind, shocked at even such a picture, and concentrated on the stable boys. One had lashed her hands to a ring on the wall with a set of reins, the leather strapping moulding to her wrists as she struggled. 

Both boys then grinned, and each side of her stripped naked, rubbing their young rampant cocks to hardness in her face, forcing her to kiss their salty tips and lick them in turn. The length of the reins holding her was long enough to let the faceless boy wriggle in front of her, slipping and sliding his way between her protestations and tight thighs. She pictured herself milky white, contrasting against their tanned bodies. She softly murmured as she pictured John behind her, holding her, forcing her legs apart, rubbing horse oils into her young nubile body, all over her nether regions, setting her groin on fire. In her mind the pulsing member inside her, on which she now rode with renewed vigour, was the faceless boy's own. Impaling herself on it, she drove down with force. She screamed as she pushed herself down on the shaft, to slap her lips against the heavy balls at the base, all the while picturing the body beneath her glowing and thrusting in time with hers. Behind her she felt John's hands holding her, crushing her breasts, pulsing sparks of desire through her every vein to be filled by him. She screamed his name, shouting at him to fuck her, to fill her. 

John's cock was now so hard, having been clenched and teased by the cleft of her arse. He lifted her arse gently into the air, thinking she wanted him inside her, twinned with the dildo, to stretch her to capacity. But as his glans slid down to her filled vagina, it rubbed across the tight puckered ring of her arse, and the groan she let out filled him with an urge and a desire to take her there. Her whimpers and sighs as she played out the film in her minds' eye only drove him on to want her there. She responded to his accidental brush by pushing back against him, almost holding him with the muscles in her cleft against the forbidden opening. He grunted, almost unable to take his eyes from her body. Her head was forced back, the bound wrists forcing her arms into a delta "V," with her breasts risen and trapped between them. Her whole body seemed to glisten in the light with more than sweat and oil, it was screaming at him from every pore to put her out of her torment and make her come. 

He groaned as she stopped hammering her body onto the dildo, and held herself against his glans, the puckered star opening slowly of its' own accord against him. The dildo was still inside her. In her mind, the stable boy below her was still and panting. Behind her, John was pausing wondering what to do. As an innocent young girl, she let her lust overcome any worries of any consequences, and began to slowly push down as both bodies around her froze. The head of his shaft was swallowed inside her, the ring holding him tight just below the head. The feeling was incredible, here she was, at their mercy, one prick inside her cunt, the other inched into her arse. The thin wall between the two seemed a shimmering haze, as she let herself down, feeling the stretching begin. The two shafts rubbed against each other through the membrane, pouring pure silver through her soul, shimmering and boiling. Nothing on earth could now stop her from doing what she had never thought possible. She licked her lips in anticipation, taking the salty sweat in to her drying mouth as she forced herself down, down, down.

The amazing feeling of warmth and tightness filled John with wonder as he watched Janet's back, slipping down onto his pole. He lowered himself as far as he could while kneeling, until the cheeks of her arse settled onto his thighs. She let out a long slow groan as she became filled to the hilt from behind. "Oh God, I want more" she wailed. John was puzzled, what more could she have, until he realised that she was not fully down on the phallus because of his knees. He tenderly reached around her, careful not to shift his weight, and pushed upwards with his fingers under the base of the pulsing phallus. He felt it himself, edging up along his own shaft, the two separated by the thinnest of walls, till at last the two plastic bollocks pressed against her outer lips and clit. He slowly pressed up himself, forcing her to raise her bottom, and he scrunched the pillow below the dildo to hold it in its' new place. 
