 VIII

They lay like that together, till their breathing became more normal. Sweat bound skin to skin, and she turned to look him in the eye, mouthing "Thankyou" as she reached to cup his neck and kiss him deeply, hungrily. She rolled on top of him, almost sliding off again on the sheen of oil and sweat. Running her fingers through his locks and tickling his beard with her tongue, she gave him that sparkly look in her eyes, mischievous, impish. 

"Let's go have a bath lover, then see what else we can think to do". 

He groaned, unable to believe she could want more. This was impossible, but the roll of her breasts on his chest, the look in her eye, and the feel of her smooth shaven lips lain along his cock soon gave way to his feelings. She whispered that they could have a nap, have a rest, do anything quiet for a while, but she wanted to give him more, more than he could ever dream of. They stepped from the bedroom and into the bathroom, she lit another candle as the water cascaded into the tub, and they stepped in together. 

She knelt facing him, gently washing his chest, cupping his chin in her hands to kiss him fully on the mouth, while his fingers rinsed and soaked the oils and sweat from her body. His prick stirred into semi-hardness at her every touch, but she took care to wash it very, very gently, only too aware of how tender he would be feeling for now. Forcing him onto his back, she turned the water off, and lay on top of his body, the water lapping at her flanks. They stayed there for an age in the hot water, occasionally topping it up, until they both felt thoroughly cleansed and ready to rise again.

Taking his hand, she led him downstairs, their refreshed bodies drying below the towelling robes they wore, skin glowing and muscles relaxed from the bath. They stepped into the kitchen, and she turned on just one of the lights under the cupboards, casting a soft glow over everything. While he sat there on one of the stools, she busied herself with the kettle and opening another bottle of wine. She poured herself a large glass, and drained it straight away, the grape juice invigorating her whole body. She smiled across at him, asking him if he wanted one. She poured him a glass, and took it to him. 

She let her robe slide partially open to reveal the fullness of her breasts and their cleavage, before stepping away from him. They chatted for a while, she leant against the worktop where he had earlier taken her, her legs crossed, sipping at her refilled glass. 

She asked him what he had thought of his surprise, and what he would ever want to do like that. She was trying to steer him into a path she would choose, but he seemed not to want to go that way.

She slipped the cloth from the polished wooden kitchen table, and turning, asked him what he would think if she was to be tied, spread-eagled, so he could do what he wanted with her? At last, she had him. He laughed, deep and throaty, saying that he would tie her the full length of the table, her feet just on the floor, and spank her before toying with her. She grew wet at the very idea, feeling her juices begin to gather, and that sprite little tingling of butterflies in her tummy. Pulling the belt from her robe, she hung it over the back of a chair, and lay her robe open upon the table. 

Stepping towards him, naked, and alluring, she bent to kiss him, their mouths melting together, their tongues dancing patterns of hide and seek. She deftly unknotted his belt, and stepped back. "Come on then John, let's see what you're made of, and what you can do. I will take anything you give to me, all I deserve". A wicked light shone in his eyes at her words, and she wondered if this was such a good idea! But after all she had put him through, she knew he deserved some recompense. She stepped to the head of the table, trembling… He came behind her, but as he passed her, she noticed his prick, semi-erect through the gap in his robe. His breath sounded hoarse and ragged, she wondered what could be going through his mind. In her own, she remembered the scene she had acted out in the bedroom with the two stable boys. She hadn't wanted to tell him about that, not yet. Now she pictured herself as that same milking maid, caught by the master of the farm with the boys. Untied, he had assumed she had led them on, and so had brought her to the big house to be punished. She shivered in anticipation as John stepped her towards the edge of the table, telling her to spread her legs to those of the table. The heat flushed across her chest as he knotted the belt around one ankle, then passing it round the table legs, attached it to the other. 

So there she stood, shackled to the table, shivers of fear and excitement shooting across her belly as his large hands roamed across her back, across the cheeks of her arse, and down her legs to her ankles. Then he ran his fingertips, almost ticklishly up the inside of each leg, to find her warm shaven love box, already moist and willingly opening to his probes.

"I see you're feeling ready then, my sweet darling" John spoke. She shuddered at his words, picturing the master of the farm behind her, ruddy faced and heavy breathing. 

"Yes sir" she meekly replied.

"Well, close your eyes, and lay down on the table my girl"

IX

She lowered herself, pivoting down on the edge of the table, her hands feeling for the opposite edge, and it seemed an impossible distance. As she lowered herself down, she felt the backs of her legs tighten, and her arse pronounce its' tautness as she reached the table top. She yelped as her belly and breasts encountered the cool wooden surface, and made to rise again. 

He had removed her robe from the table! She made to rise again, her eyes wide open, but now at the side of the table his hand in her back forced her down to the cold hard surface. She gasped and bit her lips as the seeming iciness sucked every ounce of warmth from her body. Her bosom flattened against the surface, and she laid her cheek down, to at least cool the burning shame she felt as she was in such a position of openness. 

She felt the belt on one hand and then on the other, as her arms were forced to each corner, wincing as she adjusted to the rake of the spread. Thus tied, she presented quite a site, she thought, as John paced around the table, touching her, stroking her.


She cried out as she heard him open the kitchen door. This stopped him in his tracks, and she was glad when he came back to her. Her arse was facing the door, and the sudden hard slap she felt made her wince. He told her to wait there, as he had to fetch something for her from the bedroom, after all, she wouldn't want to forget a moment of this would she? 

Her mind raced, wondering what he would fetch, and then she heard him coming back in. She turned her head to look at him, and blushed heavily as she saw him arrange the video camera on the side.

"Fair's fair, lover, we don't want to miss any of this do we?" 

She nodded, relenting to his wish, which, unknown to him, was after all part of her dream too. 

"You still want spanking, and let me have you on the table then?" 

She nodded dumbly, returning her cheek to the coolness of the table. Her body had warmed the wooden top, and she had wriggled slightly while he was away to make herself more comfortable. She shuddered once more as his hands roamed the length of her back and body, lingering over her taut cheeks of her arse, before sliding through her groin to slip her lips apart, but not enter her. 

His fingertip brushed her clit, and she gasped, twitching. 

A sudden sharp slap, and searing pain burned through one side of her bum and then the same on the other cheek. She squealed, squirming, but he forced her still, with one hand on the small of her back. In her mind, she pictured the master, punishing her for her wantonness in the stable. Slap after slap rained down on her, and she realised he was using the paddle on her she had brought. 

Each blow stung, but a little less than the last, until every now and then he appeared to really apply some force, randomly. Tears welled in her eyes, but it was only partially from the pain. It was also from the unusual excitement she felt at her own submissive pose, and the humiliation she would feel when she watched the film with him. 

The raining slaps soon had her bottom burning, but the heat glowed through to her fanny, bare and open to the air and to John's gaze. She felt herself redden as her lips parted and the juice began to ooze from her. Groaning, she knew that this treatment had excited her more than she could ever have hoped, and that she wanted it to go on until she came. 

And then she would want this again, praying silently that John would be willing to explore this new territory with her. Familiar tingling sensations rolled through her, and she found that by subtly shifting her weight she could gain some sensation on her clit. Each sharp slap on her arse jiggled her lower body till the friction on her clit forced her over, and sobbing, she came hard and fast, her legs juddering with the strain and power of the climax.

He stopped, and his breathing was hard. She pictured him, sweating slightly from the exertion, hoping it was from his own excitement too. She heard him drinking from his glass of wine, and, keeping her eyes closed, licked her lips, imagining the cool liquid on her own lips. 

His fingers traced light patterns across the deep redness glowing from her bum, the contrast in feeling making her shiver with further sexual excitement. She felt his breath on her openness, and his tongue traced a tender trail along her slit. She couldn't move back towards him to let him enter her, and she realised he would tease her mercilessly. 

His tongue rolled round and round her entrance, never delving inside, where she would welcome him, and gain purchase from another orgasm. He stopped, leaving her in a state of pure excitement, but she never uttered a word. 

She had promised him free rein with her, and would so take his administrations, whatever. He began sucking each side of her bald openness with his mouth, teasing, pleasing, and torturing her with his lips till she began to pant. And then he stopped, just as moans and whimpers slipped from her mouth.

It seemed an age before he touched her again. She sensed him stood behind her, his robe open, his prick hard, and jutting forward, erect and angry-red, wanting to pummel into her, as his fingertips parted her lips wide, wider still. She wasn't expecting what happened next. As she felt his smoothness slide into her, it seemed cooler than it should. And then when he kissed the cherry opening to her arse, she realised it wasn't him inside her, it must be the dildo. 

But it felt strange, different. As the girth entered her, splitting her gaping hole wider and wider, his tongue ran like trails of fire, round and round her bottom opening, his lips occasionally kissing her there, as the length slid slowly, deeper and deeper into her. At last, it stopped, only to be withdrawn at the same excruciatingly slow pace. In, and out, in, and out, it travelled, John not hurrying, almost toying with her as he paced her enjoyment to his own satisfaction.

"How is that then, my little darling?" 

She murmured, "God, it is wonderful, don't stop" 

Silly thing to say, because he did. 

"Oh, you want this, don't you my sweetness". 

She nodded, her eyes tightly closed to stop the tears, if she spoke she knew she would be begging him for it. Suddenly, he slammed it back into her, his belly against her bum, and just stayed there. The heat of his rampant cock on her arse cheek filling her with desire, and she squealed in delight as he began to grind his hips. His shaft burrowed into her flank, and the phallus inside nudging her tenderest spots, side to side. 

Teasingly, he began to withdraw it, slowly, slowly, till the tip edged from her, her labia wanting to suck at him and bring him back into her. The slick cool shaft was nudging at her opening again now, there was something different about the ridges on this, and she hadn't felt the false balls at the base against her outer lips. But still she welcomed the penetration. 

In her mind she saw the farmer there behind her, pumping his swollen member into her tender delicate flower-like opening. 

She began to feel the sense of well being inside her belly as it slid further and further, the feeling that came before a good powerful coming. John's hand roamed her back, smoothing away the worries the tensions, the creases of her mind, till all she could concentrate on was the slow ebb and tide of the shaft inside her as it made its' way into her, and then almost to the point of slipping out. Oh God, he was so good at this, he knew how to judge her needs and her pace.

Sliding back deep into her, it slowed, and stopped, and she clenched her muscles deep inside, gripping tightly around the shaft, gripping along the length to keep the plateau she had reached. John's hand was on her neck and her shoulders, and then both hands, as he let go of the invader, seeing her face give away her internal struggle. Then his hands were on each side of her face, gently cupping her chin, lifting her head from the table. She opened her eyes, to see him before her, his robe parted his cock hard, and the red swollen head of his glans in front of her face. If she had wanted to, she couldn't have raised her head to look him in the face and see his eyes, it was too sharp an angle. 

But at this moment in time all she could see, and all she wanted, was to kiss that gorgeous shaft of delight in front of her. Inside her, the muscles still rippled their way along the length, held fast. Without a word being spoken, she moistened her lips with her tongue, rolling around to each corner of her mouth, and then parted, in expectation, as he nudged her chin with his manhood. His hands left her face as he shrugged his robe from his shoulders. He stood there now in his full nakedness, and she knew that they both wanted this. 

She accepted him into her mouth, sucking and licking at him as he eased forward till she almost gagged. He leant his body forward, along her back, yet not touching her. She watched his balls, totally hairless, swinging below his cock, and longed to hold them and roll them between her fingers. Nothing mattered to her anymore at this moment in time, but the bonds that held her made her concentrate on sucking his shaft. She could barely move her head, and so had to content herself, and hopefully him, with her actions. 

She gasped, with her mouth opening wide around his cock, as the shaft in her pussy began to travel backwards and forwards once more. She felt John's knuckles, his hand wrapped around the girth as he nudged it into her, and then out again. She sucked greedily on him, her eyes closing once more in sheer delight. 

Behind her the master of the farm drove into her, while she sucked on her husbands shaft. The picture in her mind, of her nakedness and submissiveness, spread-eagled across the table, tied, being used like a spit-roast fired her loins to frenzy. 

And with even the limited movement she was afforded, she began to buck against the penetration as the walls of her cunt stretched and pulsed with the approaching onslaught. She nibbled at his cock in her mouth, and he began to rock, pulling back a fraction then slipping forward, his actions mirroring the entry behind. 

So here she was, being fucked in the mouth and her pussy, she felt the hot shame rise to her cheeks as she pictured the video camera, but in her mind it was with two men, and she would remember that shame and lust forever. Just as she was about to fall over the edge, her arse was being rubbed and rolled, and something forcing into her there. 

The pounding in her mind reached a crescendo as John stopped moving his cock in her mouth, and the shafting behind her ceased, with the tool halfway in her. Blood pounded in her ears and deafened her, like the wild roll of surf on the beach, as slowly she was being sodomised, every opening filled. 

Her legs stretched upwards and further apart to welcome and accommodate the stranger at her back. She pictured the farmer behind her, now laid on his back and shafting her from below, while someone else dared try entry to her bottom, while her husband stood at her head with his cock in her mouth. She relaxed every muscle in her groin, feeling the crescendo of the orgasm slipping away from her, licking at the cock in her mouth, her breathing coming in gasps. And then it began. Oh Lord, how it began, the two shafts behind slowly pulsing, one in, one out, teasing her nerves, making her mind wobble and scream as the pleasure ripped through her body. 

She greedily sucked at the cock in her mouth, hearing him grunt as she took him by surprise, knowing he would not hold back if she kept him in there. Slurping sounds came from every hole being used as her body accepted everything being given to it. 

Inside her, her belly melted into pools of pure delight as the waves began to reappear, and she knew she would not be able to last long. The belts pulled at her wrists and ankles as she strained to gain every inch of every offering being given to her. And then it happened. 

The sweat on her brow stood out like beads of ice as her skin suddenly cooled, and her mind tore into two as the clear sharp stabs of delight cleansed her soul. She felt herself pouring all over the table, sweat running from everywhere. Her body melted to jelly as the delight raced through her, she pulled hard against every binding, the pain not being felt as such. It merely served to send her further into the maelstrom she was riding through. 

Shuddering, jerking, spasming into oblivion, her body racked and writhed its' way along, her cunt and her arse spasming in unison, gaining every single ounce of delight from the intruders, before the powerful muscular contortions began to force them from her. In her mouth, the heat of John's cock seemed to cool slightly, before she felt the drip of come on her tongue just before the taste sent her wild. 

She opened her eyes, blurred vision clearing in time to see his bollocks stop swinging, clenching, the skin on them suddenly tightening. She watched as he came, heard him groan above her as he stood upright, his hands on the table on each side of her head, trapping her there against his forearms. Unable to move her head, she watched, tasted, swallowed, as he came in her mouth, the salty splash hitting the back of her throat, and she swallowed greedily, her head pinned to accept him. He stayed hard long enough for her to lick, lap, and suckle every last drop of his offerings to her. 

She wanted him inside her mouth, she wanted to swallow everything. She knew now that he had come in every one of her places, and she had accepted it all, but on her own terms. 

Her body shivered with delight and the aftershocks of rippling waves of pleasure, as he stepped lightly backwards, her tongue extending to hold his softening cock as long as possible. When at last he slipped from her reach, she closed her eyes and licked her lips, swallowing and enjoying the fresh taste in her mouth. She felt his lips on hers, and opened her eyes to gaze into his, and they kissed deep and long, her tongue letting him have the return of his own taste of come, as he had often done to her when he had licked and eaten her out. X

His hands reached to her shoulders and massaged her, then slipped down to the legs of the table to undo the fetters, which held her there. She never moved a muscle, letting the blood flow to do its' work. As he stepped behind her to untie her ankles also, he licked and lapped at her sweet minge, tasting the juices of her own coming, enjoying the trembling she gave as further little aftershocks of delight were forced into her. She let him continue till he had untied her, and she murmured with delight as his big hands caressed her back. Then he licked his way up her spine, rubbing at her aching shoulders and arms as he covered her with his warmth, and nibbled the back of her neck. 
