 Being a single parent and father to my only daughter hadn't been easy. Raising Christy had been a full time job, and working had of course been another. I had little time to myself as it was, so dating was out of the question for a time. When Christy graduated from high school I anticipated her attending college, but as money was tight I wasn't sure just how much more I could do for her. As she had taken a part-time job to help with tuition and books, there was little left afterwards, necessitating her remaining at home rather than living somewhere off campus.

By this time, it had been years since I had socially been out with anyone, let alone had a sexual relationship. There simply hadn't been enough time in the day to consider such a thing, not to mention that there wasn't anyone I knew or had met that I was remotely interested in. Up until now, I'd been satisfied with simply masturbating whenever the urge struck, which lately had been occurring more and more frequently with my daughters busy schedule keeping her away from the house.

As it was one of the few nights Christy had off, I was busily preparing a nice pasta dinner for us when she called asking if she could bring a friend home with her for dinner.

"Sure honey, I've made plenty," I told her over the phone. "When will you be here?" I asked trying to time my preparations.

"Trina and I should be there around six, six-thirty," Christy responded. "And dad? There's something I want to ask you about over dinner," she added.

By the tone in her voice, I knew she was apprehensive about whatever it was she needed to ask. Most of the time when I heard that nervous hesitation, it was usually over money, something of which I wasn't able or prepared to help her with at the moment.

"Ok honey," I stated simply, already fearing my having to tell her "no" to whatever it was she wanted or needed.

I had just finished draining the pasta and was busily tossing the salad we'd be having with it when I heard the front door open.

"Dad? We're here!" I heard Christy call out to me.

It was six-thirty on the button.  "In here!" I called back to her from the kitchen. "Dinner's almost ready!"

Seconds later I heard footsteps and knew from the sound of them that I wasn't hearing just Christy's. Turning towards the kitchen door just as it opened, I greeted my daughter with a firm but gentle hug when she entered. Looking over her shoulder, I saw Trina as she entered in behind her. Breaking away from me, Christy immediately turned to introduce us.

"Dad? This is my friend Trina. We met at school."

"Hello Mr. Anderson," Trina said extending her hand to me.

At forty-four, I wasn't in all that bad of shape. Though I certainly wasn't any kind of an exercise nut, my job kept me in pretty good condition without my having to work out. Even so, I felt myself sucking in the tiny gut I still had as I took Trina's hand.

"Call me Russ," I said, feeling the electrical charge as our hands met. "Mr. Anderson sounds so formal," I added with an awkward smile.

Trina was a good four or five inches shorter than me, placing her at about five and a half feet tall. Her hair was light brown, long and currently in a braid reaching the small of her back. She was also wearing the typical style of the day, which consisted of a cut-off tee shirt barely covering her perky breasts, revealing her taut midriff, which I also noted when I glanced at her, that her naval had been pierced. Something that Christy had been wanting to do herself, but that I had emphatically said "no" to until she turned eighteen and could afford to pay for it. So far, she hadn't. She also wore faded well-worn cut-off Levis that I eventually noticed had a large hole in the rear, revealing a small tight patch of skin where one of her ass-cheeks sat winking at me when she walked by.

I'd purchased an inexpensive bottle of wine to go with dinner, and though both girls were over eighteen, I found myself being stingy with how much I allowed either of them to drink. Though I wouldn't be contributing to the delinquency of any minors, I didn't want to have either of them becoming inebriated, especially as Christy would eventually be driving Trina home later.

It was nice having company for dinner. Nicer still when the girls cleared the table and stood at the sink side by side washing the dishes. As I sat at the dining room table enjoying a cup of coffee, I found myself staring at that hole in the back of Trina's shorts from time to time, reminding myself every time that I did, to quit doing so! It had been a long, long time since I'd even been with a woman, and I chastised myself repeatedly whenever my mind wandered off in that direction. Trina was after all my daughter's age. And Christy would have been mortified if she knew the kinds of thoughts I'd been entertaining about her girlfriend, even if I kept turning them off every time one popped into my head.

Once they'd finished the dishes and straightened up the kitchen, they poured themselves a cup of coffee joining me at the table. I realized then how much my daughter had grown and changed. She'd never had a cup of coffee that I remembered before as she and Trina sat down on either end of the table.

"So, you wanted to ask me about something?" I began, already dreading the question I was sure was coming as we'd been barely making ends meet as it was.

Christy glanced up looking across the table towards her friend. I caught a knowing smile of confidence tossed back at her just moments before they both turned, looking towards me.

"I know that you're not financially able to do more than you already have been," Christy began. "And you also know that I've looked forward to being out on my own, having a place to share with someone."

Once again Christy looked towards Trina. I knew that of course, it had been just about all she'd ever talked about while still attending high school. Christy had looked forward to attending college, having a 'roommate' and enjoying the experience of having someone her age to share a place with. Being an only child, living with her 'dad' all of her life was something she was looking forward to not doing any more.

I still didn't know where any of this was going, or what I'd be able to do for her financially when she finally got there. About all I could do was sit quietly and listen.

"Trina's in about the same place I am," she began again. "She can't afford to keep her small apartment, and I can't afford to move in with her. So...I was wondering daddy," Christy said emphasizing the word, working on my 'daddy' emotions, "if it would be ok if she moved in here with me!"

I hadn't expected that. And before I could say or do anything, she hurriedly rushed on.

"We'd both be able to help out here with the chores as well as the groceries and utilities. It would free some of your time up, as well as help you out financially too!"

I'd been about to veto that idea, even with Trina throwing me a hound-dog look, but to be honest, my daughter had me over a barrel and she knew it. As much as she'd always wanted to have a roommate, I knew under the present circumstances that her moving out was out of the question. I'd already swapped rooms with her as it was, giving her the large master bedroom with its own private bath and shower. As my den was downstairs adjacent to Christy's old room, it had been far more practical to have switched rooms with her anyway as I didn't need a room as large as my old bedroom had been.

"Ok, sure. Why not?" I heard myself saying. "At least temporarily, until we see how things go," I added as an afterthought.

Needless to say, the girls were ecstatic, both coming around the table to hug me simultaneously. Used to hugging my daughter all the time, I didn't give it a second thought. But when I felt the caress of Trina's barely concealed breasts pressing against the side of my face, I quickly stammered something silly, purposely breaking contact with both of them. I felt my face flushing, and heard a mischievous laugh from Trina, as she finally moved away, thanking me once again, obviously very much aware of my discomfort.

"This will be a lot of fun!" she said beaming. "I'm really going to enjoy living here!" she added.

And suddenly, I wondered if I'd left my senses outside.

#

For the first two weeks after Trina moved in with us, things went very smoothly. We all had odd hours, so it was rare that we were ever home together at the same time. Trina had had to drop a few of her classes, working more hours in order to save up enough money to take a fuller schedule the following semester. As such, she was often home in the afternoon after class and often prepared dinner that was always waiting to be reheated in the microwave for Christy and I after we got home.

Life was good.

Like anyone getting used to a new circumstance, there were a few bumps in the road that took all of us some getting used to. It was a Sunday morning, one of the few days when we were actually all home together. I'd gone down stairs to the laundry room to wash some dirty clothes of mine, discovering that the girls had left some of their laundry sitting in the dryer. I was used to doing Christy's laundry from time to time, as it was easier and more cost effective to add some of her things to mine. But as I pulled out several bras, and the skimpy kind of panties I'd never seen Christy wear before, I felt a little weird as I pulled them out, dumping them into a laundry basket to take upstairs to their bedroom. 

Having climbed the stairs, I headed down the hallway towards their room when I inadvertently overheard them talking. Though the door was closed, it wasn't totally shut, so as I approached and prepared to knock on it announcing my arrival, I heard Trina speaking to my daughter.

"So, what did it feel like?" Trina was asking her.

Just before my hand would have knocked on the door, it froze in mid-air. I noticed when it did, that my stomach was somewhere up around my throat. Though I certainly considered myself open-minded, and certainly not one of those kinds of dads that couldn't be open when it came to sexual discussions or topics, I wasn't sure I was prepared to hear whatever it was I was about to, and nearly turned away from her door.

"Certainly nothing like I expected," I heard my daughter saying. "His cock was hard, really hard!"

I felt my legs leaden, wishing I could tear myself away from the spot they had suddenly become glued to.

"How big was it?" Trina pressed.

"I don't know," Christy said softly, almost too much so to have heard her, and I imagined she was blushing. "I didn't exactly measure it, but it did seem pretty big!" she said giggling.

"Have you ever seen your fathers?" Trina asked.

For a moment there was dead silence, and I was paranoid briefly that someone would look towards the door in worry, seeing that it wasn't fully closed and decide to close it. If it hadn't been so damn quiet, I'd have turned and fled down the hallway. But I knew in doing so they'd easily hear me as I left.

"Trina!" I heard my daughter suddenly answer, laughing in shock at the question when she did.

"Well? Have you?"

"No, not like that anyway," Christy finally volunteered. 

"So, what was it like?"

I could tell by the excitement in her voice and my daughters that this conversation was arousing them both. Which is when I realized as I stood there in front of her door, that it was also arousing me. Once again I wondered if allowing Trina to move in with us had been such a good idea after all.

I heard Christy laugh nervously. "It was fun. I enjoyed jerking him off."

"That's all you and Greg did?" Trina asked her once again.

"Well, he wanted to do more, but as I've told him a hundred times already, I'm not ready to go that far...yet," she added punctuating her statement with another giggle. "Though this time, I did let him play with my boobs while I did that," she confessed conspiratorially.

"What about you?" Christy asked, taking the heat off her self. "What's Jeff like?"

"He has a nice one...I guess," she giggled back. "It's the only one I've seen too, so I don't really have anything to compare it with."

Christy said something, but she whispered it so low that I couldn't hear what she had asked, nearly losing my balance as I leaned in closer to the door worried now that I would miss Trina's response. Just barely catching myself from toppling over into the door, I realized how hard it would be for me to explain my sudden entry into their room, throwing a basket full of their underwear at them as I tripped face first onto their floor sporting an erection.

"No, I'm still a virgin too," came the unexpected response. "But I did suck him a little for a while, and let him finger me," she threw back at my daughter.

"Really? Wow!  What was that like?" Christy asked.

"Which one? The blowjob? Or the finger-fuck?" Trina replied using the unexpected vulgarity.

I'd never heard Christy ever use that word before, and I had purposely tried very hard to keep from using it in front of her myself, though I remembered a time or two when I had. Once when I had gotten extremely frustrated for one reason or another, another when I had hit my thumb with a hammer I was using.

"Both!" Christy giggled again. "What was it like sucking it? And what was it like when you let him finger you?" she added.

"Well at least she didn't say fuck," I thought stupidly to myself.

"I liked doing it," Trina admitted. "It was exciting to see Jeff getting so excited. I swear Christy, his cock got even harder than it had been when I started doing that. And, I could feel it throbbing inside my mouth as I licked and tickled him with my tongue!"

Looking down, I could see my cock throbbing, not to mention the sudden appearance of a wet-spot forming on the outside of my slacks. "Oh great, one more thing for the girls to see if they should find me standing here outside their door!" I told myself.

"So what was it like when he fingered you?" Christy asked. "Did he make you cum?"

I wasn't at all sure I wanted to be standing here listening to any more of this, but I was terrified they would hear me leave for one thing, and for another...I was shame-facedly aroused!

"Almost, but I was too nervous. And though it felt good, I like the way I do it to myself better!"

This time, I nearly did fall through the door.

"Trina!" Christy exclaimed once again, though this time she lowered her voice when saying it.

"What? Don't you ever masturbate?"

Admittedly, I had wondered in the past if she ever had. But wondering and knowing, were two different things. This time I nearly did bolt.

"Well yes, sometimes," she whispered.

Too late.

"Ever use a vibrator?" Trina said teasingly.

"No! Why? Do you have one?" 

I could see Trina smiling inside my head as I heard the drawer to the nightstand next to their bed opening.

"Doesn't that technically void your status as a virgin?" Christy asked.

I heard Trina burst out in laughter. "Actually, I don't ever put it inside me! I just lay it on the outside of my pussy lips."

In my minds eye, I could see this massive sized vibrating dildo affectionately and comfortably nestled between a pair of juicy wet lips. I had to shake my head vigorously to chase that thought away a second later.

"Say hello to Fred!" Trina said.

"Fred? You call it Fred?" Christy said laughing.

"Here, let me show you..."

For a second I heard nothing, then suddenly the faint purring sound of the toy as Trina had obviously turned it on. In the next instant however, I heard Trina cry out in alarm just as the toy hit the hardwood floor of the girl's bedroom. A mad dash to scramble for the bouncing toy on the floor followed.

"Fuck Trina! Get it!" I heard my daughter say. 

So much for that assumption.

With all the pandemonium taking place inside the room, I somehow managed to uproot my legs and began to scramble backwards still carrying the laundry basket. I'd made it as far as the stairwell when I saw Christy stick her head outside the door glancing down the hallway spotting me. Without thinking, I lowered the basket hiding my crotch, stepping forward as though I'd just reached the top of the stairs. Just about that time, Trina stepped from within the room looking at me as well.

"Hi. Just thought I'd bring you up your laundry," I stated, trying to keep the nervousness out of my voice as I spoke. 

The problem was, I still had a hard-on, and a wet spot to worry about. And there was no way in hell I was moving any closer to the two of them. Leaning over, I backhanded the basket, following through as though I were bowling. As the girls watched the laundry basket sailing across the floor towards them, I turned, nearly careening into the wall when I did, stopping myself just short before miraculously placing my foot perfectly down on the first step without tumbling head over tails the rest of the way down. As I gathered my composure, with the certainty that neither could see nor be aware of my condition, I stepped down onto the next step confidently before turning back to look at either one of them. When I did, they were looking at one another with very confused expressions on their faces.

"I'm going to take a nap," I called back to them. "So try and keep it down," I added, wishing a millisecond later that I'd chosen something else to say instead.

I heard nothing from Christy as the sound of their bedroom door closing reached my ears. But I did hear a second later the sound of Trina's unbridled laughter before I'd managed to reach the bottom of the stairs.

#

For the next several days, I was thankful that our schedules had precluded my running into either one of the girls. Shortly after I had entered my room on the pretense of taking a nap, I had masturbated furiously, after having first locked my door. Thinking about Trina sliding that toy I had heard inside the girl's room between her warm wet pussy lips had burned an indelible image into my mind.

Wednesday was the one night of the week that I did anything even remotely relaxing for myself. It was bowling night. When I arrived, it was to discover that the other team didn't show, thus forfeiting to us. And though we still bowled, if nothing more than just to practice, we were done in half the time. I decided to head home rather than sit inside the bar drinking as we normally did afterwards. The girls of course knew that Wednesday was my bowling night, and though Christy would be at work, I also knew that this was Trina's night off this particular week. When I entered the back door, I thought nothing of the fact that most of the lights were off, and that I could just hear the sound of the TV being on downstairs in the den. It was one of the very few luxuries I'd allowed myself to own. Having purchased a big screen TV several years previous, it was the only TV we did own. Not really listening to the sounds of whatever it was Trina was watching, I made my way towards my room passing the den as I did. I noticed that all the lights were off in there too, all except for the TV set, which I glanced at as I passed down the hallway. What I saw however took me by surprise.

The couch faced the TV, and as I couldn't see Trina anywhere else inside the room, I could only assume she was lying down on the couch so that I was unable to see her. But what was on the TV, I could see and I recognized it immediately. It was one of my stash of X-rated movies. Stunned, not so much that Trina was actually watching it as I was because she, or Christy possibly had discovered them. I'd been told that sometimes hiding something in plain sight was the best way to hide anything. As Christy hated westerns, especially old ones, I'd labeled all my X-rated movies under a variety of old western titles. So much for that idea!
