 After dinner Arnie helped with the dishes before we settle on the couch for an evening of watching a movie on TV. Probably midway through the movie I feel Arnie's hand squeezing my thigh nearest him. His other hand covers his mouth as he gapes wide with his famous phony yawn. I know the language well after all of these years with Arnie. He is ready for bed and sleep is not his intended victim. He wants me. 

It's been 21 years since that wonderful day we exchanged vows as our cruise ship rumbled through the rough but friendly Caribbean waters. Feeling the warm winds blushing my cheeks, as we stood amidst hundreds of strangers affirming our love, created a queen within this humble 22 year old virgin bride. 

I'll never forget the tingling I felt, atop this mighty vessel's throne, as Arnie reached around me giving his wife their first kiss. 

The same tingling I'm feeling now as Arnie's strong hand squeezes my inner soft thigh. 

I lean across the couch pressing my moist lips against his as I yield to our wants. 

"Give me 10 minutes to freshen up and we'll take care of that bulge baby". 

I can almost feel Arnie's eyes glued to my swaying buttocks as I teasingly strut toward the bathroom. 

We're able keep our sex life exciting even after all these years since there's always only been the two of us. We love children but we'd decided from the start to leave the child bearing to others. Arnie's almost 48 and still as sensuous as the first night of the fabulous cruise. I won't divulge my age tho a little simple calculation could reveal I'm only a handful of years behind. 

While standing before the full length bathroom mirror getting ready for my lover I can't help but admire the $10,000.00 investment Arnie put into my breasts. I suppose ladies aren't supposed to reveal this type of information but it makes me proud to see younger gals stare in awe with jealousy. Arnie's always insisted he's never had a better yield from an investment. 

Looking farther down my body shows me that my frequent workouts along with the close dieting has paid off. My stomach is as flat as the day I became Mrs. Richardson. 

My eyes shift down to the thick patch of pubic hair I keep trimmed. Arnie's never been turned on from the thoughts of a slick beaver so I let it grow wildly except around it's edges. It's much darker than my salon tinted tresses which hang shoulder length. My dear husband loves both. 

As I look farther down the mirror I'm seeing the biggest qualm I have with my body. I have thicker thighs than I'd really like. Arnie loves the softness he feels as he pumps between my spread legs so I've never really concentrated much on eliminating this soft fleshly part of my body. 

" My GOD what's keeping you Gloria? I'm as hot as a firecracker nursing this big throbber" came an almost pleading voice from the bedroom. 

When Arnie refers to it as a throbber I know what's in store. His cock measures just under 7 inches which I understand is pretty much normal but the thickness is what has especially delighted me with so many pleasures. That first night on ship I thought he was going to destroy me for life, but after a few hot sessions I began accomodating his massive love organ. The thickness gives my clit all the action it needs while he pounds his big log inside me. 

"I'm coming honey. I've been checking out your goods making sure I'm staying fit for my lover", I respond while clearing the bedroom door finding his 6 ft. strong frame sprawled naked with 7 fat inches of heaven pointed toward the ceiling fan. 

I let my white silky robe slither down my warm body onto the floor then stand before Arnie with my body trembling from anticipation. 

I'm attempting to not over dramatize but our sex is still so meaningful and exciting even after all these wonderful years. 

After sliding next to my loving husband I begin stroking his thick rigid cock while feeling his lips circling one firm nipple then the other. His one hand explores my thick dark bush while the other squeezes my huge firm breasts as he continues licking my erect brown nipples showing no favoritism. While cupping his full balls I keep stroking my man's stiff cock until we can no longer control our squirming and hot lust for one another. 

After releasing his big throbbing cock I fall back while spreading my legs wide making my wet dripping pussy available for the man in my life. 

After Arnie crawls between my open legs I feel his thick cock begin parting my soaked pussy lips. I raise my legs clinging them tighly around his muscular body before squeezing. I'm pulling him closer while forcing almost 7 thick inches of glory to it's limit. Arnie begins twisting and humping while I in return start hunching and grinding my ass feeling every stiff inch pleasing me to no end. 

" Oh GOD yes fuck me baby!!! Fuck your hot trashy little fucking whore you bigcocked pussy fucker. Ohhhh babeeee it feels so good. Faster honey!!! Dear God fuck me Arnie!!! Give it to me honey. Yessss!!! Yesssss!!! Drive it deep and fast you whorehumping fucker." 

Arnie's making every hard thrusting stroke count as he fucks to the balls with each mighty slam. The bed's squeaking as we bounce all over it while hearing the squishy sounds from our doings. We exchange sloppy kisses as we bounce up and down banging the headboard against the wall. I want it to never end, but after most likely 20 minutes of hammering it's more than we can handle. 

"Faster you hot little bitch. Grind that sweet ass while swallowing every inch of this hard cock inside that sucking juicy pussy. Oh fuck yes now babeeee. Oh Godddddddd yessssssssss!!!!! Fuck me, my darling, I'm there!!!!!!." 

I could feel his warm sperm filling me as my own juices flowed while we came realizing how much in love we still are. 

The world seemed to have stopped for the two of us during these last precious few seconds. 

We kiss tenderly as Arnie pulls out allowing his warm fresh cum, mixed with mine, to ooze down my thick soft thighs. I lay within my darling's strong arms while our heat from passion subsides... almost feeling a guilt from being such a satisfied woman. 

We fall asleep while still groping each others warm and content bodies. 

Over breakfast the followimg morning our faces are flushed from the thoughts of some of the language we'd used the night before during our hot passionate lovemaking. These words are not our typical vocabulary. It only confirms how heated our good sex gets. 

After breakfast I begin feeling a warm sensation run through my entire body as I realize it's Saturday. Arnie's off day and I'll have my man to myself today. 

I certainly feel no need for making the bed. 

Not on my man's day off.