 Long trips always seem to take longer when you drive solo.  Unfortunately for me, you and your friend are already at the hotel since I had to put in a few Saturday hours.  So as I finally pull in to the hotel on the North edge of Kansas City, I’m especially anxious to get into our room.  While stretching out and relaxing sounds nice, I’m sure you’ll have other plans; like fucking as soon as I walk in the door.  I don’t really have a problem with that.  It was a smart idea for us to get two rooms.  Ronda is fun, but we’ll need the alone time.

I walk down the cramped hall to room 206 (I know we have 204 and 206 next to each other but which one is ours?).  I’ve barely finished knocking when you answer the door looking very anxious to see me.  I think about showering but then realize how dirty we're about to get.  So instead of showering, I hit the bathroom quickly while you wait impatiently for me to finish.  I decide to unpack just one item.  I reach into my bag and slowly pull out a set of soft ropes.  They were a little graduation adornment that I've found a much better use for.

You moan as you realize my plans and slide the heavy hotel robe off your body.  You are dressed in thin green panties and a matching silk bra.  My eyes take you in and I know you aren’t looking for slow and sensual this time around.  I pull you to me and put your hands on my chest as I kiss your neck roughly.  You slide your hands down to my crotch and feel my growing cock through my shorts.  I direct your hands on my zipper to speed you up.  I remove my shirt as you quickly lower my pants to my ankles and I can finally kick them off. 

You feel my hands pushing on your shoulders, letting you know I want you to go to your knees.  You take my cock in your mouth and can feel its rhythmic pulses as it continues to harden and fill your mouth.  You instantly soak your panties as you feel the intense rushes of blood into my cock, which continues to harden with each heart beat.  You pull back as I grow to my full length, keeping as much as you can inside your mouth.  Finally you hold the base of my cock as you take me in and out, still enjoying the heat of my organ in your mouth.  You suck me for a while longer, using your hands very well; wrapped around my cock, cupping my balls, reaching around to pull me towards you.  I touch your head and clench your hair from time to time letting you know not to stop.

While you're still wrapped up in your work, I pull your head off of my cock with the tip of my dick just across your lips and you look up into my eyes.  I see the lust there, the need for more.  I enjoy that image for a few seconds; you under my cock enveloped in lust.  Before you can get back to sucking me, I pull you up, toss you back on the bed and rip off your panties.  You gasp as the cold air teases your pussy lips and the thrill of having your clothes ripped off courses through your whole body.  You help me take your bra off in one quick motion and await the next development.

I grab the soft ropes and push you tightly onto the bed pulling your arms up and together.  I tie both of your hands tightly and pull them above your head.  You arch up and take my cock back into your mouth as I secure the rope to the bed.  You're mostly helpless now.  Restrained and restricted just enough to give up control but not pleasure.  I kiss you hard and pull away.  Taking my time but always moving, I kiss my way down your body, stopping to pay attention to particular areas; your shoulders, your breasts but not the nipples quite yet, your navel, and the sloping curve that dives from your hip to your moist center.  I grab a pillow and lift up your legs until the pillow rests under your hips.  There is no doubt by either of us about where I'm heading.  I want to envelop your pussy with my mouth.

I tease the lips then slide my flat tongue across it.  I make sure to give attention to every inch of skin amongst the wet folds of your lips.  I put pressure in just the right places and tease at the right times.  This is a change from the animalistic dominance that I displayed earlier, but no less erotic.  You know that if you just let go, you'll cum in my mouth.  I know this too and slide my wet finger into your vagina.  It is soon joined by a second.  My mouth is now on your clit and I stimulate inside and out until you climax, gushing sweet sticky fluid into my mouth, on my face.  I ease you down from your orgasmic high and climb your body until I reach your gasping mouth and hear your shallow breath.  Your restraints don't allow you to grasp me but you moan into my mouth as we kiss and I share your juices with you.

I climb up your body until I’m on my knees to your side.  I have you look straight up as I slowly slide my cock across your lips and tongue.  I turn your head to the side and enter your mouth.  You take me in as far as you can and I take note of how much of me you fit into your mouth.  Then I tell you to be still and I start to slide in and out, slowly thrusting my cock between your lips to the back of your hot mouth.  I grab your breast, lightly squeezing your nipple just how you like and I revel in the sensation of your tongue and lips on my cock.  Your mind races with images of how erotic this must look.  You with your hands tied, your arms pulled above your head and this hard veiny cock having its way with you.  You feel used and you love it.  I take care not to thrust too deep as I pick up the tempo and fuck your face.  Finally I withdraw my cock and lean down to kiss you again. 

I quickly slide down and place the tip of my dick at the wet opening of your pussy and apply just a little pressure.  You lay there, restrained, wondering if I plan to take you quickly or draw out the sensations of that first cock-wetting stroke.  You need me inside you now but have no control over how I proceed.  For a moment, you are sure that you're in for an excruciatingly pleasant but slow entrance when suddenly and strongly I shove my hard cock in until our bodies meet.  You barely feel the slap of my balls against you as you scream and writhe on my cock.  You desperately need to dig your nails into my back and hold me in but you can't.  All you can do is pull me in with your heels and try to grind out your frustration as you twist and turn on my cock.  I slide all the way out and slam in again before beginning a nice steady tempo.  Pulling one of your legs up, I hook it over my arm and pull you wider as I slide my cock across your sensitive g-spot.  Soon you cum in an intense orgasm.

We continue to slide together as I manipulate your body and take you any way I please.  Without ever detaching from each other, we tumble through positions and we end up with me taking you from behind.  You moan loudly at as my cock plunges inside you and my hand rubs your clit.  We slide forward as you settle over your bound hands with me thrusting you forward. Eventually you’re on your back again, having cum quite a few times.  Sweat covers your entire body and I have to clear your hair from your face.  You cum twice more before I finally succumb to the pleasure.  I always marvel at how lucky you are to be able to reach climax again so quickly.  I pull out and grip my cock as it shoots spurt after spurt of cum onto your sweaty body.  One shot arches up and lands on your chin and neck.  By the time I finish, your chest and stomach are covered with searing hot cum and as I catch my breath you can feel it cool on you, drying along with your sweat and cooling you off. 

I slowly climb up and untie you, your sore arms and shoulders serving as a reminder of the experience.  We should shower, we have plans for the evening . . . and a certain person next door who heard our moans and screams has decided she wants to be included when we start again.  And I don’t have a problem with that either.