 Today we decided to go on a short trip with a bus and visit my relatives. She dressed nice, short summer skirt with flowers. Swimwear and all necessary things found its place in a backpack I carried.

It was already hot even it was morning. A crowd of different people waited on a bus station. 

"All of them will go on that bus," crossed my mind and I already saw us packed in a completely full bus.

Finally, the bus arrived and as I expected it was full. Not just full it was more than full. We stand there without an option to move at all. Luckily the drive should be no longer than 20 minutes. 

She laid her head on my chest and I felt her body pressed against mine. I used one hand to hold holder while the other found its place on her butt. She holds herself to my body. The bus drove slow, very slow.

I got an idea to be a little naughty and start to move my hand lower to get it under her skirt. Nobody could notice that move same as nobody could see when I moved it from butt to her front side and place it right on her pussy.

She moved her head and looked me directly in my eyes. I waited for a moment to see if she will say something but she was just looking at me.

I start to move my hand and pet her pussy that was behind a thin fabric of her underwear.

My moves become more daring and I felt that pants become wet. All that time she was standing and say nothing, and do nothing. I saw she was fighting inside herself to suppress her usual body response on such playing.

I used my finger to move her pants on a side and pass her pussy with a finger. She was so wet, she really needed something in that flower of joy. My finger slipped in on its next pussy entry pass. I watched her face and start to finger her in the middle of the full bus. Adrenaline was high as never before.

She starts to bite her lips when my movements become more and more intensive. In next moment I add 2nd finger and she starts to squeeze me because of all joy that she had to keep inside her. I played with her clit and her pussy and I knew that if I'll continue a little more she will finish before we reach our destination. 

The bus stopped a few times on its way but I did not. I played with her, and watch her all the time. Faster and faster, as fast and as strong as I could without make it to obvious for others. I felt a pain when she really starts to squeeze me strong and contraction of her body told me that she reached her finish. Her pussy was still pulsing when I took fingers out of her and moved my hand back on her ass. 

She put her head back on my chest and I felt how strong her heart beats. It was amazing how she controlled herself not release any voice, no move, nothing. I left her pants on a side of her pussy, leaving it uncovered. She raised her body to reach my ear with her head.

"That was a nice surprise," she said and after a short pause she continues "I'll surprise you one day when you will not expect at all."

The bus stopped at that moment and we reached our destination. One of the most famous beaches of our country but I was never too impressed by it. A lot of concrete and too many people for my taste. I like small beaches, wild one with rocks and stones.

We walked to my relatives and ring the bell. We were expected and as usual, first there was food that we had to eat. All the time she watched me and sending me signs that kept reminding me that something will happen today.

Later we went to eat some Ice cream and then on the beach. After lunch, we rent a small boat with pedals and went a little around with it. 

We stopped for safety buoys and tied it up as we decided to swim a little.

We did undress as usual and I expected that now it will be a moment of surprise, but I was wrong. Nothing happened. We just swim around, dive in deep water, few kisses and nothing else. I admit I was a little confused, my dick was hard and ready and I knew she wants it also. But that would be just too expected. 

After a time we dressed back and return to the beach. We decided to eat dinner in of many beach restaurants and that we will walk back to our resort. Using shortcuts should be around one hour of walking.

We walked around, swim a little and finally left that place when it was a little dark already. 

Our way take us through old railway tunnel. For not so far back I did not even know it is there. Unique tunnel as it goes a little uphill and you can't see through it from one to another side. Lights inside were very pure. Enough to walk safely and that's it. 

We walked and chat about what shell we do tomorrow. We planned to visit an old salt production on our way back today but as it was already dark we decided that we will do it tomorrow.

Suddenly in the middle of the sentence, she stops and goes on her knees.

I don't know how she managed but in next moment my dick was in her hands and she licked it like best ice cream. I was standing there with my dick getting harder and harder. 

"Now I want you to lick my pussy and fuck me," she said and raised her skirt.

She had nothing under and I did not even notice when she take them off. I get closer to her and we kissed. I reached under the dress to get to her breasts and she simply undresses it. So there she was naked in that tunnel waiting for me to fuck her. And I did. 

We fucked like crazy like we have not had each other for decades. She put her arms around my neck as she was standing on one leg. I raised her leg and enter her always ready and always a tight pussy. I fucked her slow but with full its length and power. I felt how I hitting somewhere but neither of us put attention to that.

"Hold strong now," I said and grab and lift her other leg also. She hung around my neck while firmly anchored on my dick in her pussy. I fucked her like mad until she said she can't hold herself anymore.

I left her legs back to the ground and turned her around. She leaned on the wall of the tunnel and offer her pussy for me to enter. But I wanted to taste her before so I get myself on my knees and start to lick it. I lick her clit and with my long limber tongue deeply into her pussy.

"Do that to me, yes, do that to me!" she said, almost screaming way. 

"Fuck my horny pussy, fuck it!" 

I kept playing for a while and then lift my body, aim it and just enter. We fucked like mad. I had feeling my dick will tear her pussy apart. She moved her body against mine like she would like to have more and more of it.

I moved back and lay down on my back. I felt every small stone but I just want her to ride me. We both like that way so no words were needed. She sits on it and starts to move up, down, rotates. I hardly follow her moves to be able to play with her breasts and clit.

It was amazing. At some point, I just let my hands on the floor and left her to do all the rest. I felt how her tight pussy really squeezes my dick because of upcoming finish. The energy she put in that fuck, her fast moves over dicks full length, everything brings us to the finish.

She screamed and my dick exploded and fill her pussy. I can only imagine how that heard on each end of the tunnel. But we just did not care about. She was shaking and laid her body on mine while my dick was still pulsing in her hot pussy. We enjoyed that moment. 

We dressed without underwear and slowly went further. We stopped a car on main road that passes a camping place as were not able to walk... and we still had 5 days of holidays ahead... I was wondering how we will survive that...