 Grace drifted off to sleep curled up against me, and I soon followed. 

Some hours later I woke up & glanced up at the clock sitting on the nightstand next to the bed. It was 6:30am in the morning.

Grace lay to my right, still sweetly asleep. My recollections and the sight of Grace's gorgeous nakedness beside me made my cock harder. I reached over and tentatively fondled Grace's beautiful breasts. She stirred in her sleep.

I bent over her and started licking her adorable nipples and she stirred more. As I started to lick harder, she opened her beautiful eyes, looked up at me, smiled and said "What time it is." 

"6:30" I replied.

She reached her arms up to embrace me, and I lay atop her with my arms curled under hers and her arms hugging my back.

Our faces were close together so I kissed her lips nose and eyes. 

She giggled and said, "I should go now."

"We need to do a lot before you go." "I have never had such a great experience. I hope we can do it again." I replied. 

"Are you going to Juhai today?" Grace asked looking direct in my eyes.

"Yes, if you are coming with me." I answered. 

"I would love to come with you, but need to check with my room mate as we have a program for the night".

I held her hands above her head & running my tongue along her nipple bit it.

"Oh, Nvabeev," she said with a smile, "I love when you suck on my nipple, bite them." 

"I love your nipples in my mouth," I said, as I brushed my lips over her left nipple and felt it start to grow harder.

She moaned as I sucked on her nipple slowly, and then circled her taut nipple softly with my tongue, then flicked my tongue over her nipple, barely touching it, my tongue snapping up and down quick and light. She gasped, then moaned louder, and I touched my teeth to her hard nipple, biting so lightly, then closing my lips and sucking, tugging on her nipple with my teeth and lips, insistently. 

Her nipple was hard in my mouth, like a pebble, and I stroked it with my wet lips. She moaned and seemed to go weak -- her hands stopped holding mine, and her arms buckled a little.

She loved it as her chest turned red with the heat of the passion and I can see her starting to breathe hard, I could feel it.

As I continued to pleasure her boobs she pushed me up & whispered, "Can you eat me now".

I smiled back. Leaving her nipples slipped down spending some time at her belly button & then settled between her legs deep into her pussy.

Grace's breath became shorter as I touched my tongue to her clitoris. I reached into her pussy as far as I could with my tongue using it to fuck her. For a while I kept it flat dragging it against her clitoris as I pushed it in and pulled it back out listening for they sounds of her approaching orgasm. I used the tip of my tongue in a circular motion flipping her clitoris back and forth. She had one leg over my shoulder and her hand resting on the back of my head just gently encouraging me forward. 

As her orgasm started she put her other leg over my shoulder and pulled me more tightly against her pussy and it was more difficult to move my tongue. It was jammed tightly against her clitoris. Her breath became shorter and shorter. When her orgasm really hit, the sound she made was like something hit her in the stomach – sort of "Ughhhh." She held me tightly against her with both hands and legs as her hips bucked against my tongue. 

As she gradually came down her breath returned to normal and she released me from the grip of her legs pulled me up for a kiss or several of them really. 

Between kisses she touched my raging hard-on with one hand and said, "let's do something about this". 

She pushed me to side & as I lay on my back, she got on top of me with her body at a right angle to mine and slid my cock just inside her pussy and rotated her hips to apply pressure to her clitoris. The pleasure was so intense to both of us that she quickly slid down on me. Her pussy was still very wet from my mouth. 

I held her hip with one hand and used the other to play with her breasts by gently massaging her nipples rubbing the palm of my hand in a circular motion over first one breast and then the other. Grace's eyes were closed and she had a dreamy look on her face.

She pulled her hips back just an inch or two then slammed herself forward completely impaling herself on my very hard dick. I could feel her pussy contracting around my dick. She lay down with her nipples boring into my chest and her mouth right alongside my ear. Her breath came in short bursts. As she straightened her legs so as to lie more comfortably on me, her hips sort of moved and changed the angle of my dick inside her and this movement brought her to the edge of extreme orgasmic pleasure. "Ohhhhh Nabeen, fuck me," she groaned into my ear as her pussy clutched and released. "Ohhhhh, Ohhhhh, Ohhhhh," she said over and over as she surged up and down pulling back then slamming forward keeping my dick pressed against her clitoris.

I held back as long as I could then my dick just exploded inside her as I heard her murmur "I love you, I love you". Her pussy was wet as I had my cock in hot butter. Her juices mingled with mine and she kept moving in and out until she was completely spent and collapsed on me..

After a few moments she looked into my eyes and said, "You know I had one of the most satisfying sexual night of my life, you have opened new sexual horizons for me, that was amazing, now I cant allow you to go alone"

I smiled & knew I was going to have a wonderful even though forced holiday at hand.