 Ryan walked in to the rear of the small house, looking for his girlfriend, Trish. She said she'd be waiting for him when he got home, but she didn't respond when he called out. The bedroom door was ajar, and as he pushed it open, he panicked at what he saw.

Trish was tied to their four-poster bed, naked. Her panties were stuffed in her mouth, her arms and legs spread wide across the bed. Ryan rushed to her side, and began to untie one hand. He was startled when her other hand flew over and stopped him. Trish was shaking her head "No".

The shocked Ryan watched as she picked up a fourth scarf and placed her free hand near the bedpost. He wrapped the scarf around her wrist loosely, and fastened the other end to the bed. Her head nodded vigorously, "Yes". Then he followed her gaze to the nightstand. He saw that she had laid out his shaving kit. Brush, soap, and the straight bladed razor he sometimes used. He looked back at her nude body, and noticed that thick towels were under her butt.

Ryan pointed at her fur-covered kitty and asked the question with his eyes. Even with the `gag' in her mouth, he could see her smile and nod. He had talked with Trish about shaving her vulva, but she had never told him of her decision. 

Ryan went to the bathroom, and returned with a bowl of hot water and some small scissors. He trimmed off the thickest fur and removed the trimmings. Lathering her mound with bath soap, he washed her kitty and started her moaning. She pulled against the light restraints, pushing her mound up at his washing hand.

Ryan patted the area dry, then took up the shaving brush which he moistened in the hot water. He worked up a thick lather in the cup and began to apply the shaving soap to Trish's swelling kitty. Placing a new blade in the straight razor, he brought it to the soon to be smooth flesh of his "captive girl". 

Hair fell from the insides of her thighs and across the puffy folds of her vulva. Ryan worked slowly, wiping the blade often and taking very small strokes. The lather dried, so he had to re-apply on her belly. The hot water flowed between her legs over the freshly shaved labia. Trish moaned again. Her back arched, making her pussy beg for attention.

The outer lips had parted revealing the loose folds of the inner labia. Blossoming like a flower after a rain, the moist flesh glistened. Ryan continued to remove more of Trish's bush from her belly just above her mound. He left a shape of finely trimmed fur at the top.

Satisfied with his `sculpture', he lathered her again and changed the blade. Ever so gently, he went over the sensitive skin with the sharp instrument, catching any stray hair that he had missed. Wiping off the excess soap, he left Trish lying still.

Ryan came back with some scented oil from the bath. He let it warm in the water as he began to suck on Trish's swollen nipples. They stood out as firm buttons in the center of her dark areola. Her whole body seemed to be super sensitive after her `barbering'.

Kissing down her front to her navel and the soft swell of her belly, Ryan saw her muscles ripple while he `butterfly' kissed her there. Her hips jumped up when he first made contact with the freshly shaved skin of her mound. Trish had never imagined how sensitive it would be. 

Flutters filled her belly and she could feel the wetness increasing between her legs as Ryan's mouth followed the "landing strip" of light fur he had left. About an inch wide at the top, the patch of hair tapered to a point, guiding him to the center of her swollen, wet sex.

Trish groaned as he found her thick button, erect from its sheath at the top of her vulva. Glistening with her nectar, begging to be kissed and sucked. Ryan loved performing oral sex on Trish. Her kitty was small but full. Puffy outer lips surrounding her soft flower and the tight little hole at the entrance of her vagina. Her nectar was sweet to the taste, and had a full- bodied aroma that drove Ryan wild.

He enjoyed the scent so much, that sometimes, after making Trish cum two or three times, he wouldn't wash his mustache for a while to keep her scent close. Such was the aroma that filled his nostrils now, heavy and musky as she was fully aroused. His tongue found her hole and pushed as deep as he could. Trish made gurgling, swooning sounds through the panty gag, and her hips bucked up to Ryan's face.

Pulling at her restraints, Trish wanted to grab Ryan's head and pull it tighter into her pussy. The super sensitive area was extracting feelings from deep inside her that she didn't believe possible. Ryan's talented tongue brought her quickly to orgasm, the muffled screams of passion and her writhing body stirred Ryan's desire even more.

Rapidly removing his clothes, he re-joined the trussed girl and lay between her spread thighs. Lightly kissing her kitty and on up to her breasts and neck, Ryan pulled the panties from her mouth and immediately replaced them with his mouth and probing tongue. The hot kiss was barely started when he pushed his substantial erection against her hungry sex hole.

Trish groaned in his mouth as she felt the eight-inch `dragon' split the shaved lips and fill her vagina. Thrusting up to meet him as best she could their bodies melted into a wriggling mass of passion filled flesh as the lover's dance began. Steadily plunging into her hot, tight treasure box, Trish could feel the short, trimmed hair of Ryan's scratching her newly shorn sex. It was irritating and erotic at the same time, she couldn't get over how hot it was. Trish now knew why Ryan had suggested shaving her cunt, and regretted not doing it sooner. It was a wonderful feeling!

The internal heat and pressure was building in Ryan's lean body, So aroused from shaving Trish's pretty pussy, listening to her cum, and feeling the slick smooth flesh of her mound had him ready to explode. He felt the warmth flowing into the base of his cock and his balls drawing up.

Trish was aware of the swelling inside her body. She knew he was going to cum soon. She thrust her tongue deeper into his mouth and sucked back on his just as she felt the first heavy throbs begin. Hot, thick cum splashed deep into her tiny body as Ryan went stiff above her.

Waves of heat flushed through his belly as he let loose the torrent of liquid fire from the dragon's tiny mouth. Pulse after pulse of thick cream filled Trish's heaving belly as her own cum met his in thrashing, shaking release. Grunting and gasping in each other's mouth the shook through the intense cum before they went limp on the bed.

Ryan lifted his head and looked deep into Trish's green eyes. Pools of passion were reflected in them as they kissed softly. Ryan reached over and untied her wrists. She wrapped her arms around his body and hugged him tight.

"Ryan, that was so wonderful!" she whispered.

"Why did you tie yourself up like that?" he asked.

"In case I changed my mind about getting shaved, silly!" she giggled. "I'm glad I didn't! That was so hot! It's never felt like that, before." She paused for a moment. "You liked it, too, didn't you?"

"Yeah, I did!" he replied. The shaving, you tied like that, It was so cool!"

Ryan slowly pulled out of Trish's body and kissed down to her kitty. The mixture of their fluids was beginning to seep from the swollen, red opening. Ryan licked her clean, savoring the salty/sweet mixture, and bringing some back to Trish to share, they kissed hot again.

Before Trish could untie her legs, Ryan reached for the scented oil and poured it over her belly and gently smoothed it into her soft freshly shaved and fucked kitty.

"OOOHHH! . Ryan!! .. That's Soooo Hottt.!!. Mmmmm. Can we do it again?"

Trish put her hand over Ryan's and pushed two of his fingers inside her opening. She used them like a small dildo and began to fuck herself. She couldn't get over how hot she was. `Was it the shave or the ties?' she asked herself. Pounding her pussy with Ryan's hand, she came rapidly, bucking her hips and squirming against the ties at her ankles.

"Loosen my feet?" she moaned softly.

Ryan untied her ankles and she drew them up to her butt. Trish had a mischievous grin on her face. Her small hand wrapped around as much of his penis as she could, the other palmed the short cropped fur on his belly.

"How about. um ..if I do you?" she asked.

"You mean tied, or shaved?" he questioned.

"Both?"

"Um .. I don't know . well . If you use your razor, okay."

Ryan switched places with Trish and she tied him loosely, as she had done herself. She replenished the hot water, and got her safety razor from the bathroom. Since Ryan's fur was already short, she didn't have to use the scissors, she lathered his cock and balls heavily. Thinking about it for only a moment, Trish decided on completely smooth for Ryan, and took the first stroke straight down the middle.

Never having dealt with a firm pole to shave, Trish took her time and very carefully smoothed off the base of Ryan's cock. Then she cradled each testicle, and removed every trace of hair she could find. His inner thighs were easy, much like her own. She saved the rest of his belly for last.

Picking a line about three inches below hi navel, Trish finished her mowing and sat back to admire her handiwork. Ryan's eight inches had been impressive enough before, but without any hair! He looked absolutely MASSIVE! The swollen crown was dripping pre-cum which Trish considered a delicacy. Her tongue flicked across it then it disappeared into her mouth.

Trish took advantage of her captive, and continued to tease and kiss on his cock until she couldn't wait any longer. She poured the hot oil in her palm and generously coated the throbbing monster. More to sooth the freshly shave skin than anything. Her cunt was totally soaked with nectar and her girl cum, so additional lubrication wasn't necessary. 

Straddling Ryan's torso, she teased him a bit by holding her aromatic kitty just inches from his lips. Ryan stretched his neck as far as he could and just barely touched Trish's swollen lips with his tongue. She pulled her hips away, and slid her wet pussy down Ryan's chest. Reaching behind herself, she held his cock and speared her vagina with the throbbing flesh.

A rapid flexing of her belly, and she was fully impaled on the hot erection. Trish pushed her upper body away from Ryan's and sat upright which pushed his eight inches even deeper.

Trish looked at where their bodies joined and exclaimed, "OH Ryan! Look at us! No hair and sooo fulll!"

He looked down and saw his bare belly blending with her smooth kitty and almost shot his load right then. She lifted her pussy, and they could both see her lips trying to hold the thick shaft inside her. It looked so different, almost like watching someone else's cock and cunt fucking.

They both stared at themselves, thinking that same thought. Trish decided that she wanted more "audience participation" so she bent way back and untied Ryan's ankles, then far forward to untie his wrists. As she let the second wrist loose, Ryan pulled her face to his and they kissed way hot. Trish moved her hips as they `French-kissed' with more intensity than they thought possible.

The smoothness of their sexes, combined with the oral activity brought them both to orgasm at nearly the same time. They screamed into each other's mouth and clutched their bodies tightly as the cums wracked them. Jerking, quivering, short thrusting, Trish writhed on top of her lover's trembling body. She finally collapsed, gasping for breath. Their hearts were pounding inside them.

Recovering from the intense release took a while. They managed to stagger on weakened knees to the shower room to freshen up a little. It was only Friday evening, and they had the whole weekend to experiment with the new "hairstyles" and the benefits of being smooth "down there".