 Trish's Story

After our long conversation about the libertine club, I had thought about it more and more. It just seemed so deliciously naughty, yet so impossibly difficult to actually do. Could I really shag someone I'd never met before for the simple reason we both wanted a, no strings attached, shag? Hardly. I didn't even feel comfortable with the idea of being totally naked in mixed company, let alone showering in a communal area with naked men.

However Jen had been very persuasive. She'd told me I didn't need to do anything other than sit in the jacuzzi and observe, and I have to confess the idea of watching two people hooking up was more than mildly interesting. In my enforced celibate state this was seriously frustrating.

'You've been topless on the beach,' I told myself, but then the little voice in my head reminded me that that was BK, or Before Kids, and there had been some changes in the last twenty years. Things weren't quite where they used to be.

I thought I'd talked myself out of it when one night I found myself trimming my bush. 

'Why?' I asked myself. 'Because it's tidier,' I replied, in this very one sided conversation. 'But who's going to see it then? Particularly if you are going to turn down Jen's suggestion of a visit to her club.' Clearly my sub conscious had other ideas.

'Fuck it,' I thought, 'go for it. Just to take a look, nothing more, and that's a promise.' So I phoned Jen and told her.

"Fantastic Trish. It'll be interesting at the very least. Anyway, what's to loose? You are just going to check it out after all, and you'll almost certainly feel better about your body when you've seen some of the others."

"I just hope the lighting is as gloomy as you say and I can get into the jacuzzi without drawing too much attention to myself."

"It won't be a problem. There will be lots of people there who would envy your figure."

#

The journey to the club was uneventful apart from the butterflies that had taken over my entire digestive system. We rang the bell, were admitted immediately and having completed the formalities, made our way to the changing room.

Jen was obviously comfortable in her skin as she just stripped off, chucked her clothes in the locker before even looking for her towel. I was a bit less comfortable but managed to get naked, all be it with a towel wrapped modestly about my body. 

We made our way to the showers which were, mercifully, empty. There were no cubicles just a line of shower heads and a towel rack but the lighting was at least subdued. We hung up our towels and took a shower. So far so good. No worse than school. That was until...

Two blokes walked in to. I immediately realised my mistake. I had taken a shower one away from Jen and one from the end. I didn't want to crowd her but never considered what would happen if someone else, particularly a bloke, came in. He would have to take a position on one side of me or the other and we'd both be stark naked, literally three feet apart. Two blokes meant that there would now be one either side. Shit! Where to look? Where to turn?

Then I had a moment of clarity. This was not a beach situation, not a public place, where being seen naked might be embarrassing. This was a libertine establishment and all our motives for being here were basically sexual. We were here to look at and be looked at.

So I relaxed a little, rinsed myself off and took a sneaky peek at the blokes. Two cocks on view at the same time, one of which was most impressive, not so much for its size, which was by no means small, but for the fact that it was completely hair free. What's more it was accompanied by a truly magnificent pair of balls. I don't recall ever seeing a completely hairless package, ever, let alone being naked with two naked men simultaneously. This was turning into an interesting learning experience.

The owner of the hairless package wasn't in bad shape either, probably round about my age, tall with short dark hair and a really firm looking bum, actually his bum was really cute. His pal was shorter and chubbier and generally unremarkable except for a tattoo on his left buttock.

This was just my observation, I know I'm no model and I was not judging him, just observing. Jen and I left the shower area together and made for the jacuzzi.

"Did you notice the cock on the tall guy Trish?"

"Mmmm."

"And his bum? What a bum! And I've never seen such a pronounced set of bollocks in my whole life."

"Probably because they were hairless." I replied.

"So you did notice, good girl!" She giggled.

Jen had been right about the lighting, it was almost dark and it took my eyes a few moments to adjust. When I was sure I could see enough so that I wasn't going to trip, I felt much more comfortable, hung up my towel and entered the water. Jen did the same and headed for the far corner of the shallow part to lie down and 'advertise' as she called it.

I was not that confident. I wanted water up to my neck but most of the seating was occupied so I made my way over to a gap beside quite a mature looking couple, probably in their sixties. The biggest space was beside her so I sat and wondered what to do next.

I shot a glance at Jen who had gone right into her advertising mode. She had stretched out on her back in the shallow water, boobs floating with just a hint of water over her bush. I couldn't help but admire her confidence.

My musings were brought to an abrupt end as the lady of the couple spoke to me. Shit! I wasn't expecting that and it took me a bit by surprise. I don't know why, as I suppose you have to make contact somewhere. She was very pleasant so we talked for a while. It turned out that she, Jayne, and her husband Phil had been libertines from way back when. 

"This has got to be the best club for miles around." Jayne claimed, "we come down from Derbyshire from time to time because it is so good. Do you have far to come?"

I managed to hold up my end of the conversation and let on that it was my first time, not only here but anywhere and I only lived a few miles away.

"Well, you are lucky. You'd have to travel miles to find a better place. I like it because the people are so friendly and easy to chat to. Phil and I particularly like the couples only room. He's something of a voyeur and it really gets him going being on that giant bed watching other couples getting hot. It gets him ready, if you take my drift. Actually it doesn't do me any harm either to be honest!"

"I've decided just to see what goes on, as this is my first time." I confessed.

"That's a really good idea. But I see you are on your own so I don't think it will be long before you attract some attention. There is always an excess of men, so a young girl like you can afford to be picky. I see your friend doesn't waste any time."

I glanced over to see Jen sitting bolt upright, leaning back on her arms in very shallow water, boobs on display, chatting to Mr Hairless. They were obviously getting on well and she seemed totally at ease with pretty much her whole body on display. 

"Yes she's been before. In fact it was her that persuaded me to come."

"Well you just enjoy it. Take in the atmosphere and see what you like and what you don't. I think Phil and I are off to the couples room to see what's going on there. It's great for a warm up and I might even get some action."

I had to ponder that for a moment. Did she mean it might stir Phil into action, or that someone else might take an interest in her? Or, not to put too fine a point on it, was she going to fuck someone else right in front of her husband? Now that is libertine.

I sat in the jacuzzi and took stock. There were certainly many more men than women and very few of the women were unattached. A couple opposite me had been chatting to one chap in a very chummy sort of way. Was this going anywhere? Was he going to get off with her or what? I had so much to learn.

Her hands were deep in the bubbling water and she kept giggling and he kept smiling. I realised I was getting quite turned on by what was taking place three feet away. Was she encouraging him, manually so to speak? Her partner seemed quite comfortable and was definitely enjoying the conversation.

A few minutes later my suspicions were confirmed. The bubbling stopped, as it did periodically, and I could see exactly what her hands were up to. Small wonder he was smiling! He, in turn, was enjoying the sensation of running his hands under her not inconsiderable breasts.

Before the bubbling started again, they made their move. Hubby, partner or whatever, stood up and motioned the others to follow. She rose out of the water revealing a couple of rings through her labia, another surprise, and the chap followed sporting a truly magnificent erection, which seemed not to cause him the slightest concern.

They grabbed their towels, had a quick dry off, and departed for pastures new. Here was a whole load of new information to absorb in the last ten minutes and as I took it all in I noticed that Jen had vanished, and equally interestingly, so had Mr Hairless. 

You have to imagine my state of mind. I haven't been laid for some considerable time and in the last half hour or so I have been chatting to a 'senior' couple who were now in the couples room 'playing', probably not alone. A threesome had left the jacuzzi and my long time friend was probably shagging Mr Hairless half to death! Frustration!

At that point Mr Unremarkable, the one showering with Mr Hairless, and the tattoo on his bum, made his move. His chat up was basic, but he seemed personable enough so I let the conversation drift on, being careful to mention that it was my first time and that I was only observing today.

"That's cool," he said, "have you had a look around yet or can I just show you where everything is. No strings attached, of course."

I was glad of the excuse to get out of the water before turning into a wrinkled prune, so I agreed. We stood up and I followed him. 

"Dave," he said.

"Trish," I replied as he took my hand to help me out of the jacuzzi. Somehow the fact that we didn't have a stitch of clothing between us was no longer important. This was not a sexual encounter, just a bloke, with no clothes on, showing a lady, also with no clothes on, round a club, full of people with no clothes on, many of whom were looking for sex if not actually doing it right this instant. Just a normal, everyday, occurrence: not. We wrapped towels around ourselves and set off.

"Brave to be on your own on your first visit."

"I came with a friend but I think she's hit it off with your pal."

"Ah, that'll be Andy," he replied. "He pulls like a plough horse, lucky devil!" As he led me towards the bar.

"Is that the famous TV?" I pointed to the high mounted screen.

"Certainly is. Come with me and I'll show you round." He sensed my hesitation. "No need to worry, I know exactly where we stand."

We went up a set of stairs that gave onto a dimly lit landing and passed several closed doors. The sounds were unmistakable. There was definitely some fairly uninhibited shagging in progress, not to mention one or two sheepish looking blokes trying to pretend they weren't listening at the door.

"That way leads to the couples only room, but round here there is a viewing window where anyone can watch the action." Sure enough there were several couples cavorting on a massive flat surface, it couldn't be called a bed. 

One couple were enjoying a languorous session of sixty nine. She lay on top of him with her legs astride his face and was sucking his cock with undisguised enthusiasm, while he lapped away from below, lucky girl! 

Another couple were happily enjoying the missionary position. How he could manage to keep going, at that pace, without coming was beyond me, but enthralling to watch none the less. Then I realised that this was the very first time I had ever seen anyone actually doing it, actually fucking. Sure I'd seen porn movies but this was live action and the people were fucking because they wanted to not because they were being paid. Hot!

In the far corner, almost too dim to see, was Jayne riding some bloke cowgirl style, and it wasn't Phil! So where was Phil? He was giving a mature lady, in the same corner, the benefit of his, no doubt, expert tongue. Just imagine the effect all this was having on poor deprived little me!

"And outside," continued Dave, "we have a smoking area where people go to just chill. Then back through this door is the dungeon with its swing." Pointing to a leather seat supported at each corner by four unnecessarily heavy duty chains, "and a St Andrews Cross. Unfortunately it doesn't get all that much use because, I have to confess, I would really enjoy being immobilised and spanked."

Did I hear that right? Dave, a complete stranger not five minutes earlier, was admitting to me that he enjoyed being spanked! 

"Get me a slipper and I'll show you who's boss." My mouth said, before I had a chance to stop it and, of course, immediately regretted it. What the hell was I thinking?

"I don't think that would be appropriate for your first visit." Came the reply and my instant relief was almost palpable, I started to feel real empathy for unremarkable Dave . "Maybe on another occasion." He concluded.

"This next corridor contains the glory holes and some special rooms."

"Special rooms?"

"Yea, they have mirrored ceilings and walls. The door is a little shorter than the frame so voyeurs can watch what's going on without disturbing the players. Like this one."

We stopped and looked. Sure enough we could see over the door to a myriad of reflections and could watch the action from every conceivable angle. After a few moments it dawned on me that I recognised the man's package. Or more exactly his hairless package, and yes, you guessed! It was Andy and he was with Jen. 

To watch or not to watch? Here were our friends getting down and deeply personal with each other. If there wasn't a touch of exhibitionism about them then why did they choose a mirrored room? I remembered my conversation with Jen and how she found it quite a turn on knowing that people were listening outside. It dawned on me that this was just one step further, she wanted to be watched.

Somehow though, standing watching our friends getting down and dirty together seemed a little like prying even though they obviously wanted to be watched, so we moved on.

"And this is the cinema," said my guide, as he led me into a darkened room with several tiers of broad soft play areas. I could see the rather crappy porn film playing and, as my eyes adjusted, I could see even more action in the audience. One lady was enjoying the attention of her partner's tongue as it worked its magic in between her slender thighs while she, in turn, was sucking the cock of a bloke lying back on his elbows, and just taking pleasure in the attention. 

Her hair was splayed all over his crotch as she set about her task and I couldn't help but recall how this used to drive Terry wild, but that was before we split up. It was always a sure fire method of getting him off in double quick time. Just drag my hair down his chest and to and fro over his cock, then lower my mouth onto the glistening end and suck. He got particularly animated if I squeezed the bulbous head against the roof of my mouth as I set to work and always claimed that I was the girl for him because 'I rode like a Harley and sucked like a Hoover.' Hey ho, long lost days.

To my amazement I felt a slight twinge of regret, whatever else Terry was, he was a bloody good shag. It was not only a twinge of regret that I felt but a familiar dampness between my legs. 'Oh Trish, you horny, horny girl,' I thought, as I noticed the front of Dave's towel protruding in a none too subtle fashion.

Not only did he have an obvious erection but his right hand was discretely inside the front fold of his towel as he stroked himself. What had previously been a fairly unremarkable penis had certainly grown in stature. 

Here I was, horny as hell, watching a threesome getting it together, standing beside a man whom I had only just met, both dressed only in a towel and he was openly masturbating. Actually not that openly, but you get the picture. My hand seemed to acquire a mind of its own as I moved behind him and reached under his towel.

"Let me help you with that," said my mouth into his ear. He certainly didn't resist. In fact his hand withdrew as mine wrapped itself round his cock. Mmmm, great to have a cock in my hand again, and not just any cock but a nice thick one. It wasn't overly long, but who needs length when you have thickness? And the thickness was impressive.

How did this happen? I've only come for a look see but here I am watching real live porn and stroking another man's cock. His hand reached behind him and fumbled a bit. I knew where it was headed, that much was obvious, he was searching for my pussy and, truth to tell, my pussy was aching for him to find it.

I used long slow strokes right along his length as I didn't want things to progress too quickly, just the sort of strokes to keep him fully erect without tipping him over the edge. As my movements progressed his towel just fell to the floor. He made no attempt to retrieve it, he just stood there, cock fully erect, enjoying the hand job and fumbling with my towel. 

This was turning into a day full of new experiences. I had never seen people actually fuck before, and certainly not two couples together. Now I was standing behind a completely naked man, masturbating him and what's more in public. 

'The opening is the other side!' I almost wanted to scream. Eventually he got the message and I felt his hand brush my thigh under the towel. God it felt good, and he hadn't actually done anything overtly sexual yet, just run his hand along my leg.

I allowed my other arm to come round his waist and cup his balls, lovely soft balls: beautiful hard cock. Shit I was in a state!

"Dave."

"Mmmm?"

"It's a bit busy in here. Shall we find a room?"

He didn't need a second invitation as he picked up his towel from the floor, took my hand gently and led me out to the corridor. He knew it was my first visit so he took me to a discrete room. Closed the door and locked it.

"You sure about this?" He said, cocking his head cheekily to one side and releasing his towel, letting it fall to the floor.

"Yes, oh yes!" His hands now reached up for my towel, unhooked it and let it fall too. 

'There you go girl,' I thought, 'That wasn't too difficult, was it?' Standing face to face, with a near stranger, and the only thing between us was a rather impressive erection. He knows, and I know that these two strangers are about to fuck. We are not going to 'make love' as there is no love involved. Sure I like him, he's been kind and considerate since the moment we met but this is animal lust, not love, so we are going to fuck.

It is hard to explain the deliciously naughty feeling but explaining was far from my mind as his open palms grazed my nipples bringing them to instant erection. God he was gentle. He massaged my breasts as I played with his cock.

From then on things went from erotic to mind blowing. Hands wandered up and down my spine, over by buttocks and hips, round my shoulders, over my breasts and finally; finally to my pubes. I ached for him to caress me there but his hands just brushed gently over my neatly trimmed bush.

I tried to mirror his actions with my own hands but kept spending more and more time on his erection. There was little doubt that I was doing it right, even for a beginner, as pre-cum oozed from the eye of his cock.

I just love the taste of pre-cum. Cum I can take or leave, but pre-cum, that's special. I slowly lowered myself to my knees and took the bulbous end in my mouth and savoured the flavour. I only took long enough to enjoy the experience, I certainly didn't want to risk tipping him over the edge. When your fanny is in the state mine was you certainly don't want him to come before the main course.
