 I was a stripper in a local seedy bar in town and pretty good at my job too. I worked the peak hours of 10 pm to 12 am. I didn’t like my job too much. I had to shed my clothes everyday for dozens of horny guys who couldn’t wait till after show hours to pick me up. But I was strict, I danced, I stripped but I rarely slept with any of them. At the most I would encourage a quick blow for some money but I kept my pussy pretty much to myself. The money was kinda ok and helped pay for my college tuition. The fact that I had to drive miles away from college to a different town so that I wouldn’t be found out didn’t bother me too much. My job at campus as a respectable waitress and the strip club job kept me quite financially stable, not comfortable, but stable.

I clearly remember the day I ran into Jess James. He was about 50, balding and smelled of oil and cigar smoke. I was gyrating to the fast music, bumping and grinding my puss on the pole in front of me for the pleasure of the men around. My bikini top lay discarded at my feet and my large 36 C breasts jiggled as I humped the pole. As much as I tried to avoid getting horny during these sizzling dances of mine I just couldn’t help it. The mood, the music, the horny guys with sizeable shameless erections applauding me always made my puss juice up and throb with excitement. But it usually didn’t go much farther than that. I had no boyfriend and secretly liked girls so I struggled to control myself as I drove home and then relieved myself with my many toys the favorite of which was a long green jelly like dildo. 

Jess was sitting at the front row tables and smoking a cigar while he spoke to a couple of men. He wore an expensive looking suit and many gold chains and rings adorned him. He had a fat pug nose, several pock marks on his face and an oily head. Not in the last bit attractive but smelled of money. He kept buying the most expensive drinks for his buddies and thought nothing of slipping huge dollar bills into the waitresses’ cleavages. A couple of the girls backstage were excited having smelled the lure of money. You see it’s not often that we get a wealthy gent in here. A couple of the girls hoped to land him in bed later that night. I couldn’t for the life of me understand how they could bear to go to bed with such an ugly pug faced man, no matter how wealthy he was. 

It was with this thought in my head that I finished the dance. I bowed and left the stage as Carmen the fetish dancer sprang onto the dance floor with clamps attached to her nipples. I had not failed to notice how Jess looked at me all during the dance. I shuddered again. I showered, dressed comfortably in jeans and a shirt and left to the parking lot for my car. I fumbled in my purse for my keys when a voice right behind me made me jump.

“Mr. James would like to meet with you Miss.” Said a young man in a driver’s uniform.

“I don’t meet anybody I don’t already know.” I said.

“You will meet Mr. James Miss.” Said the driver with an air of threatening in his voice.

“And if I don’t.” I said defiantly.

“Then you will be forced and I can promise you, you won’t like that.” He said with an evil grin on his face.

I looked around the lonely parking lot. It was 12.30 am and not a soul was around. The guard who had escorted me to my car had long since left and I was all alone. Oh what the hell, I’ll blow him, make some money and get the fuck outa here I thought to my self.

“Allright I’ll come, but only for 5 minutes.” I said.

The driver said nothing but laughed slightly. He led me to the side of the parking lot where an impressive black shiny limousine was parked. He opened the door for me and then shoved me in gently.

“Ah, Miss Parker.” Said the fat, ugly, pock marked man from the dance hall.

“You!” I exclaimed. “Don’t you know that it’s against rules to meet any of the dancers after shows?” I asked.

He laughed unpleasantly scratching his bald head with one hand and puffing on his cigar with the other.

“I am Jess James.” He said. “I could buy and shut this damn place down in seconds, so I don’t think we need worry about rules darling.” He cooed.

I looked at him sulkily knowing that whatever he said was probably true, judging by his gold and his limousine.

“So what do you want?” I asked. “You wanna fuck me? I don’t fuck. I’m not a whore. I just…”

“Strip here because it helps pay your college fees.” He said completing my sentence.

I looked at his fat puffy face in shock. He was drinking champagne now and offered me a glass. I took it, not knowing why I did.

“I know all about you Parker. Trish Parker.” He said smiling and showing a set of very brown yellow tobacco stained teeth. “You study at Creston, and work at Duffy’s as a waitress. You drive all the way here because you hope that this secret of yours will not be found out so far. Especially by your catholic mother. You have a younger sister called Brittany. She’s a year younger than you and goes to a law school in Boston. You come from a poor family and struggle to make ends meet. You have no boyfriend and have a secret passion for girls.” He said.

His last statement shocked me and I stared at him open mouthed.

“How the hell?” I asked him incredulously.

“It’s my job Ms. Parker, or shall we say Trish.” He said. “To seek out young, needy beautiful women like you and offer them a life of riches and fame if only they be bold enough to take it.”

“What are you talking about?” I asked him, my interest growing by the minute.

“I mean, I am a porn king, Miss. Parker. I am the Jess James famous erotic movie director. I make movies for sale abroad. I have seen in you the youth, fire and beauty that would make a lovely porn star. In short Trish, I have come to offer you a career that will help you make millions. I have already made several girls most of whom you probably know.” He said. “Sara C, Tassah, Juliet, Chelae, Mia.”

“Mia?” I asked. “You know Mia Munroe?” 

“Correction.” He said. “I made Mia Munroe.”

I felt a familiar heat rushing through my pussy at the mention of Mia’s name. She was the young sexy starlet who had piqued my interest in girls in the first place. Watching her made me yearn to touch pussy and suck another girls tits. She brought out all my innermost secrets. I had a collection of practically every movie of hers safely hidden away in my attic.

“I found her in a place very much like the one you work for.” Said Jess shaking me out of my reverie. “She’s a clever girl.” He said. “Made millions for herself and me. She jumped at the chance to do porn when I offered it to her.”

“Well, now that you mention Mia, your offer appeals better.” I said sipping the champagne. “Will I meet her?” I asked.

“I will do better.” Said Jess. “After you do a couple of movies for me, and if you are any good, I will let you do a little role with Mia. You like lesbian sex don’t you? And you seem to like Mia. She has a very sweet cunt I assure you.” He said smiling and showing his awful teeth again.

I flinched at his usage of the word cunt. As horny as I am I never use profanities and his language slapped me hard in the face and brought me back to reality. This was a serious proposition here. I could make millions of bucks and be able to afford things I have always wanted, I thought to myself. Mother and Brit would get lovely things too. And I didn’t have a boyfriend or lover to object. The movies were for overseas sale so I couldn’t be affected and Mia, Oh Mia. I might even get to touch her, I thought, squeezing my legs together as the delicious throbbing started between them. 

“What do I have to do if I agree?” I asked Jess.

“Take your clothes off and let me check you out. If you’re satisfactory you can come to my office and we’ll draw up a contract and get started with the first production.”

I hesitantly put my glass on the table and unbuttoned my shirt. Jess watched smiling. I dropped my shirt to the floor. I had worn no bra. The cool air hit my skin and my nipples instantly stood up under Jess’ gaze.

“Nice, very nice.” He commented.

His pudgy hand reached out and lifted my left breast and weighed it. He fingers squeezed my breast and kneaded it, making me even more aroused. He repeated this with my other breast, pinching the nipples as well. Suddenly he reached forward and latched his mouth onto one of my nipples and sucked while his other hand tweaked the other nipple. I froze for a second, seeing his oily bald head bent at my breasts sucking my nipples. I could make out his dirty brown teeth as it grazed and bit me, but I couldn’t stop him. It had been ages since I had been touched and even this fat ugly man was arousing me. 

“Nice titties Jerry.” He said looking over behind me. And for the first time I realized the chauffeur was watching us. I turned to look at him and he grinned. He was quite good looking I thought to myself as Jess’ hands tugged at my jeans.

I pulled off my jeans and sat back spreading my legs wide for Jess to see. My puss was neatly shaved and glistened with moisture. It hurt most deliciously to have two men staring at it. The thought turned me on and I spread my legs even wider.

“Let’s have a feel then.” Said Jess inserting two of his fat fingers into my tight hot twat. I squirmed as he pushed his fingers in and out of my pussy, finger fucking me slowly. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of Jess’ fingers. But just as I was shrinking into bliss I sat up with shock. I looked between my legs and saw Jess’ oily bald head once again licking my clit furiously. He fingers kept fucking vigorously as he licked my slit up and down and then grazed my hardened nub with his yellow teeth. That was when something funny stirred inside me. Looking down at Jess, a bald 50 something man, wealthy but with no taste, with bad teeth a tremendous paunch, and short stubby hands and legs, I felt hornier than I had ever done. It felt wonderful, sinful, dirty and sluttish to be probed and finger fucked by this dirty old man. And I loved every minute of it. I realized I couldn’t wait to take out his dirty old cock and suck it and fuck it. That was when I knew that I was making the right decision. Porn movies would be my career for sure. I had decided now as the short stubby Jess removed his clothes and commanded me to suck his prick. I didn’t even care that the chauffeur was watching, it made it all the more exciting. 

I got to my knees and gasped at the sight of Jess’ cock. It was one of the thickest I had ever seen. It was of modest length but very, very thick. The large pink head dripped precum as I took it in my hand.

“Suck!” commanded Jess. “Let’s see if you’re any good.”

I obeyed and dropped my head between Jess’ legs. He smelt moldy and stale but it just made me hornier and I opened my mouth wide and tried stuffing his cock in but he was just too thick. Jess laughed.

“Too thick for your little lips eh?” he asked.

I looked up at him as I licked down the length of his thick shaft. Slowly I felt him relax, but he kept staring at me and so did the chauffeur. I licked the head and poked my tongue into the slit atop his cockhead. Slowly I stretched my mouth as wide as I could and took the head in, but that’s as far as it would go. I continued to suck his cock head until he made me stop.

“Good.” He said. “She will be a good cocksucker Jerry.” He said to the chauffeur. “Poor thing she just needs to get used to my thickness.” “Come sit on top of me.” He said getting up and sitting down properly on the seat.

I got up and stole one look at the chauffeur. He was staring at my naked arse. I smiled pleased with the attention and straddled Jess. I wondered how I was ever going to get hat thick cock into my puss when Jerry solved the problem. He handed me a jar of lube which I spread liberally all over Jess’ cock. Jess took some and shoved upwards into my puss.

“Sit on it and show me how you can fuck.” He commanded.

Slowly I lowered myself onto Jess’ pole. My pussy was sopping wet and that made it all a whole lot easier. I felt the tip of Jess’ cock touch my opening. His paunch stuck out very ugly and wobbled as I moved. I had to push my body backwards so that his paunch didn’t collide with me. My pussy made a squish sound as Jess’ cock moved upwards. I grunted softly as I struggled to take him in. Suddenly when he was half in Jess caught my hips and pulled me down on him immersing his whole rigid pole into my snatch. I shuddered as I felt stuffed to the brim with his delicious meat. I started to bounce on him slowly holding his pudgy shoulders for support. He was very, very hairy and I could feel the hairs on his paunch tickle my clit as I rode him. He seemed to be enjoying my cock milking.

“Yeah, baby, yeah.” He urged me on. Grabbing both my tits for support he bounced me up and down his pole tweaking my nipples at the same time. I screamed in sweet agony. The pleasure or pain whatever it was, was sending me over the edge. I bounced harder and started to push my body against his paunch. I was going to cum at any minute now. I could fell my self going over the edge. Then I felt it, hot sticky and very wet Jess’ spunk shot up inside my snatch and he grabbed my tits harder and used them to bounce me up and down his spunk erupting cock. This set me off. I reached down with one hand and spread my pussy lips till my clit stuck out. I moved my body as close to Jess’ fat, hairy paunch so that my clit was just inches below his navel. I rubbed my clit against his paunch as I rode his thick hot rod faster and harder. Jess kept mauling my tits. I could see his fat, grubby paws twist my nipples mercilessly and I came. I came sending shower after shower of warm liquid flowing out of my pussy onto Jess’ cockmeat. My clit rubbing against his paunch with its hair tickling it had sent my poor cunt spiraling into bliss. I rode Jess slowly bucking my cunt and clit against his paunch till my orgasm subsided. When I recovered I saw Jess grinning at me showing his ugly yellow teeth, the same teeth that had bit and scraped my nipples and my nub just 20 minutes earlier. I never knew I could get so turned on by someone so dirty and old. 

“Fuck!” I cursed. That was the best sex I had had in a long time. And I knew the best was yet to cum………

Watch out for the following chapters of Trish the Tramp.