 Trixi finished zipping up her plum bridesmaid dress, blew her bangs out of her eyes, and looked into the mirror. Who decided to get married on the hottest day of the summer? Outdoors? In dark purple dresses? Well then, the bride was in white but all her bridesmaids were sweating by just looking outside. Sure, this color sounded awesome in November, but now. Trixi rolled her eyes and plopped back down. Hiking up her dress, she rolled her thigh-highs back down her freshly shaven legs and pulled them off her feet with a satisfied woosh of breath. Holding her dress up, she checked out her white lace boyshorts. She forwent the bra and opted for very sexy bridal feel undies. Her little inside joke... always the bridesmaid, never the bride. The undies in the last wedding she was in were blue. This time they were white. The next time will be her oldest hot undies... and she'll never borrow some. Ew. She decided that they flattered her well enough. Checking her watch, she quickly took it off and headed out of the changing room. 

Everyone was ready, excited and couldn't keep quite. As soon as music started, everyone got into their pairs. Trixi linked arms with Marcus, her friend's husband and rolled her eyes at the lack of single men. Did everyone get married before hitting twenty-five? Smiling at all the guests as she walked down and took her place, Trixi then stood waiting for her best friend to head down the aisle. 

Trixi glanced around the crowd. Her eyes soon froze on a cute boy in the 3rd row... sitting between Marcus's wife and an old couple. She waited for everyone to stand, and while everyone watched Shelly walk down the aisle, Trixi watched the cutie and found a lack of wedding band on his left hand. "Jackpot!" She thought. Suddenly, she couldn't wait for the reception. Turning her attention back to the reason for her sweating her tatas off, Shelly's wedding.

Three hours and about 100 formal pictures later, the sky was clouding up and the temperature dropped to a nice summer early evening. The wedding party arrived at the reception as it started to sprinkle, the rain cooling the afternoon a bit. Luckily they made it inside and were seated at the head table completely dry. Waiting for dinner to start, Trixi scanned the room for cute boy... who's name she was bent on getting, or maybe just a kiss, or twenty. Cute boy was two tables away chatting with an old couple and some little children. A stressed, half fake smile was plastered on his face, very close to the one she wore. It's not that she didn't love being in Shelly's wedding, just with all the pictures, here smile was breaking and it hurt! With a plan, Trixi decided right after the toast, she would make her move.

As everyone finished up dinner and began to hit the bar before the dances started, Trixi took the head-table's drink orders and headed for the bar, making sure to breeze by cute boy's table. He looked up and smiled as she passed the table. A small lump of joy jolted through her body as she kept walking and got in the drink line. The bartender was cute, but a little older. Super nice and had the drinks heavy on the alcohol. Looking at her 2 rum & cokes, 4 long islands, and 2 beers, she wondered how she would get it back to the table. 

Cute boy materialized to her right and leaned against the bar. He smiled and laughed quietly. Trixi turned her head and smiled as the bartender was making and pushing drinks at her.

"Hey" Cuteboy said.

"Hey to you too," she replied.

"I'm Brock." He offered.

"I'm Trixana, but if you call me that, I might have to kill you. Trixi or Trix, please." Trixi countered.

"Nice to meet you," he ended and ordered his drink. "Looks like you're either drowning your sorrows of being in the wedding or you are way nice to your friends."

"The second," she answered.

"I like that one better anyhow," Brock volleyed as the conversation fell flat.

"So are you going to help me get these back to the bride and groom or do I have to find another handsome guy to help me?" Trixi asked, feeling bold and not wanting him to go just yet.

"By all means, I always try to help damsels in distress." He answered with a wink.

"I'm not damsel, and this is hardly a distress. However, I will give you an awesome 'thanks' for the help." She smiled and stated.

"I'm in, sounds fun." He said, picking up 5 of the drinks, leaving her to manage with the three left. After dropping off the drinks, she kept her liquid courage disguised as a long island and they headed to talk outside before the formal dances started.

"Thanks for your help" Trixi piped up as they headed out the door to swing set behind the building.

"Really? That's all I get? Sheesh, next time I won't help you." He playfully teased her. Feeling a bit more bold due to Mr. Long Island, Trixi stopped walking, turned toward him and pulled him in for a kiss. She licked the taste of rum off his lips and went into the kiss French style. Brock wasn't bothered by this at all. He swung is arm around her and let his hands lightly roam over her bare back. Trixi broke the kiss first.

"How's that for a thanks?" She asked breathlessly. 

"Remind me to have the bridal party ordered at least 4 more rounds." Brock replied with a breath. She giggled and gave him a quick peck on the cheek.

"You're cute." Trixi added and then started walking back around to the door. "We have about 5 minutes before I need to be inside of the dances." 

"Wait." Brock asked.

"What?" She threw over her shoulder as she turned the corner. Brock took a couple quick steps to catch up with her. He stepped in front of her. Reaching down to her, he lowered his mouth for a kiss.

"I suggest we make the most of these next 5 minutes." He murmured as he lightly pushed her back around the corner and into the brick wall. His lips devoured hers as he deepened the kiss and moaned against her. Trixi's heart skipped faster as she ran her hands through his arm and pushed back against his body. They stopped for a second to catch their breath and gain some control back.

"I've never randomly made out with someone before, unless you count that time at the bar right after my huge break up, and I-" Trixi started.

"Shut up." Brock said with a smile and then kissed her again. "I guess we'll have to up the ante this time. Have you ever been felt up by a random someone?" With that he dipped a hand into the top of her strapless dress and groped at her breasts.

"Ohhhhhh. Um, nooo... we... no time..." Trixi tried to form a coherent sentence as pleasure was running through her. It'd been almost 2 and half years since someone, other than herself, touched her like this. 

"Then I better make this real good..." Brock offered and with that, bent down, lifted up her dress and quickly ran his hand up her leg to her lace undies. A growl escaped his lips as she realized what he had just found. "Shit woman." He dipped a finger into her and then brought his finger back out, took a step back, and tasted her.

Trixi felt her knees grow weak at the sight of his face while licking his finger. She straightened her undies and watched him straighten his cock and tie, then turn, take her arm and guide her back inside. 

While the formal dances took place, Trixi took pictures and secretly eyed her catch of the day. Brock stole glances at her too, while mingling and watching the couple and parents dance. The bridal party joined in for a slow dance, then the DJ got going and broke out the fast songs. Soon everyone was dancing and drinking and having fun. Brock slowly danced over to Trixi and playful danced with her, randomly lightly grinding or touching her... just enough to drive her nuts, but not enough to cause others to notice. During a slow song, Trixi used the close proximity to let him know what was up.

"No teasing if you don't intend to do something about it later." She said and quickly reached down and grabbed what she thought would be his soft dick. Much to her surprise it was very much hard and currently wedged under his belt for safe keeping.

"You're not the only one being teased little one. And trust me, I plan to do a lot about it. Meet me in side room in a couple minutes." With that he kissed her forehead as the song ended and walked away. Trixi danced one more dance with the others on the dance floor then excused herself to take a breather. She quickly found her way to the side room and didn't see Brock. As she moved about the room of stacked extra chairs and folded tables, she saw Brock sitting with his back to her, seemingly looking out the window watching the rain as it started again.

"Hey you," she said, as she started across the room. He turned his head and smile.

"Come on over, how much time until you need to be out there?" He said, enjoying seeing her walk over to him.

"Probably about 10 minutes. I almost couldn't find you. You can't see anything from the door. This room looks empty." Trixi explained as she closed the distance to him.

"I know." He replied with a smirk. Trixi wondered what the big joke was, but as soon as she got close enough, she knew. Brock was sitting on the chair, slowly stroking his erect penis that he had released from his pants. "For good reason," he finished.

Trixi bent over and licked his tip. "Sneaky, sneaky." She said as she replaced his hand with hers. "Pull up my dress and take my undies. You can keep them to remember this by." She said as she continued to give him a hand job and every-so-often bend down and give his head a good suck.

"I don't think I could forget the sight of a gorgeous lady giving me a blow job." He said as he greatly enjoyed her playings.

"I meant this." And with that, she pulled up her dress, stepped forward, grabbed his dick and guided it into her cunt. His eyes rolled back into his head as he grabbed her hips and slammed her down on his lap. A moan escaped her lips.

"This. I couldn't. We. Condom." This time Brock was the one having a hard time completing a sentence as she started to ride him.

"I know." She said as she slowly brought herself up, letting his know soaking wet, throbbing cock pop out of her and flop onto his taunt stomach. She quickly reached down and cleaned him off, not quite bring him to orgasm. He groaned in frustration as she smoothed down her dress and checked her hair in the faint reflection of the glass.

"You vixen." He said, reaching into his inner jacket pocket.

"I'm quite a tease, I know." She said turning from him, "but so are you."

"And let me guess, you like it rough?" He asked, slightly ripping open a condom.

"Oh yeah... and hard, fast, up against a wall, doggy style, tied down, riding on top. Mmmmm" Trixi replied taking a step toward the tables, making her way to the front of the room.

"Good." Brock spun her around and kissed her hard, making her stumble back as he assaulted her mouth. She moaned and kissed back, as she slowly stepped back and ran into something. The table clicked down into place with a pop. She broke the kiss and turned to see what she hit. Brock took this chance to bend her over the table and hike up her dress.

"No fair." She said, as he teased her opening. 

"We can't without a condom, now whose the tease?" He responded by stroking himself inside and out of her at a painfully slow rate. "Please. Brock, please. I can't take this and we can't. He pulled his condom covered dick out and sighed. She turned around and reached down between them. 

"Maybe next ti-" Trixi stopped when she felt the condom. She looked down and a smile creeped across her lips. She looked up and saw raw lust in his eyes, only slightly masked with his devilish look. Brock lifted her up onto the table and flipped up her dress. She closed her eyes, waiting to be filled. He paused right outside her dipping hole.

"Say it". He struggled to say, fighting everything to not take her now. She slowly opened her eyes half way and smiled.

"Take me."

With that, Brock slowly sank into her and began to push her higher. He grabbed the top of her dress and pulled down until her boobs popped free. He mauled her with one hand, and grabbed her hip with the other. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pushed herself into him. The sound of him thrusting into her bounced off the walls.

"What if someone comes in?" She wondered out loud after a long moan.

"Then we charge them for the show." He responded between thrusts. He was close, but he wanted her to cum first. He stopped and sat on the chair that he had been sitting on. "I believe you should finish this how it started." Trixi wasted no time climbing on his lap and guide him back into her.

"You like me riding your hard dick?" She asked.

"Just as much as you like riding me. I never thought a wedding could be this much fun. How do you fuck someone you just met?" He asked.

"I'm not sure, depends how long you last." She teased as she slowly rolled her hips before pushing up and slamming back down.

"You little slut." He playful hissed, lightly pulling her hair. "That's a dangerous place, there little one." Brock let go of her hair as she moaned and grabber her ass, slamming her down. He reached for her clit and rubbed it hard.

"Not fair!" She shrieked.

"Careful, or we will have an audience for you slamming yourself onto my huge, throbbing cock." He pulled her up and held her right above himself.

"Brock..."

"What?"

"Please!"

"Please what?" He said as he dropped her enough to let her feel him in her opening.

"Please put it in me. Come on, finish it." She begged. He swatted her as and let go so she could control it. He just watched her slam herself up and down, paw at her chest, and struggle to kiss him. He reached down and pinched her clit.

"Like it?"

"Yes... more, harder." She was so close it wasn't funny. Brock rubbed her clit faster and pulled her closer so she could feel his rushed breath on her neck.

"You better cum all over me." He whispered, licking behind her ear and giving her a nip on the earlobe. She bit down on his shoulder and he could feel her muscles attempt to squeeze the life out of his penis. That's all it took for him to follow her shortly into orgasmic bliss. As they both took a second to catch their breath, Trixi lifted her head just enough to be able to look into his eyes and giggle.

"What?" He asked, as he heard the chicken dance start to play lightly in the background.

"I think our 10 minutes are up."