 "Just once I want you to be okay with me using the word 'cock' when we are screwing around! I mean, you do have one." Trixi sighed. Kyle looked down at his lap. She knew that this topic was mute, that was why she was getting dressed and walking out, frustrated beyond belief, for the last time. "Call me when you are okay with talking dirty." She said as she walked out the door. Readjusting her backpack on her shoulder, she let out an "hmpf" and started toward the apartment. It was time for either investing in a vibrator or a "guys night in". She just hoped her boys weren't busy with their latest conquests. Taking the stairs two at a time, she knocked on the boys' door.

Zack, Jay, and Beau lived in the cramped apartment that lay on the other side of the door. With no answer, she tried to open it; to her relief, it swung open. Light music/moaning drifted to her ears. Jay was watching porn again! This was going to be good. Quietly stalking toward his bedroom door, Trixi giggled at herself. Once she reached the door, she was about to fling it open when she heard, "Oh God! Jay! Faster!" Suddenly, she felt dirty for hearing the loud sex that happened to be happening in real life. She started to back up, when she ran into what could have been a wall, but in fact was Zack.

"I didn't see you as the listening type," he whispered in her ear as he licked her lobe. Her temperature just skyrocketed, but she held it back.

"Nor I, you." She responded quietly as she turned to face him. "I guess we don't know each other as well as we thought." She retorted as she breezed past him, out of touching reach. Zack was someone who she would love to cross, but only sexually and only in her wildest dreams did that happen. He always tried to stir her up, and never failed.

"I just got home and saw you wide eyed, probably envisioning his cock pumping his new girlfriend, Georgia, I think her name is. I forget, but she has these tits that are to die for." Zack explained as they headed for the door.

"And I just got here in time to hear some and now, I'm headed home. I needed some guy time, but you guys seem to be having 'a time' already." Trixi said as she headed out the door. "I guess I'll see you around."

"Or I could have guy time with you at your place." With that being said, he turned toward Jay's door, "Jay! I'm heading to Trix's! Come when you're done fucking. Call Beau and let him know too." The moaning stopped as Zack shut the door. Trixi was already down the stairs and half way through the parking lot. Zack bounded down the stairs and jogged toward Trixi while he watched her ass sway as she power walked.

"Trix, what's the deal? Why are you practically running?" Zack questioned.

"It's cold." She responded.

"Fair enough, so how's your boy? I thought you would have gotten enough guy time with him this afternoon." Zack inquired jokingly.

"We broke up." Trixi answered pointedly, as she neared her apartment door. Inserting her key, he lightly grabbed her arm.

"What happened? Are you ok??" His eyebrows furrowed as he asked.

"Yeah, I broke up with him." She said as she wiggled out of his grasp and entered her small apartment.

"Heh. I knew he wasn't pleasing enough." Zack teasingly prodded. 

Trixi threw herself on the couch, "more pleasing then you could ever be, Zack." As soon as she said it, Trixi knew she should have left well enough alone. Zack's eyes lit up, it was just what he was waiting for, a challenge. He quickly sat beside her and leaned extremely close. He stared at her lips, licked his, and then leaned in. Trixi half prepared for a kiss, but found him whispering in her ear instead. 

"You want me to prove you wrong, Trixi?" he asked. "It could be real fun..." Zack pulled back, pausing near her lips then pulled all the way back.

"Trust me, you couldn't handle me, that's why we broke up." Trixi said.

"Huh?" Zack leaned back in confusion.

"It's just..." she started, taking a deep breath and plowing into her explanation. "He couldn't take me saying the word cock. I mean, he has one, you have one, why can't I talk about one? Cock, cock, penis, dick, cock."

"Please tell me that is not how you came about saying cock." Zack groaned and said, resting his hand against his forehead.

"No! See? In context, I thought it would be a turn on. At least it was a turn on for me; he apparently just freaked and tried to squirm away." Trixi said sadly.

"Try running that by me again?" he asked, clearly confused.

"Ok, here, I'll show you." Trixi countered. She pushed Zack onto his back on the couch, lifting his feet until they were on the couch. She quickly took off his shoes; a girl's got to keep her things nice. She then laid her body on top of his, propping her head up on her elbow. Licking her lips, she started.

"Ok, so we had been like making out for awhile, and he was working his way under my shirt." She placed his hand on her bare stomach. "So, when we came up to breathe, I decided to try something, to show him I was into it." She leaned down until her mouth was almost resting on his ear. She moaned, almost growling.

"Mmmm, I wish I could have your cock in me right now." Trixi said. Zack moaned, pulled her toward her, groping at her bra covered chest.

"God, Trix!" he whispered right before covering her mouth with his. After hesitating for a moment, she kissed him back. What the hell? Why not? She thought, pushing her hand through his hair and slightly grinding against him. "How could he not like the way you say cock?"

"I don't know." She said as she pushed up his shirt. Bending down, she lightly licked his nipple. "How about the word nipple?"

"Mmm, nope, still good. But speaking of nipple..." Zack trailed off as he pulled off her shirt and effortlessly released her tits from her bra. His eyes locked on her semi-hard nipples. Smiling, he thought, 'I'll change that'. He pulled her down until her nipple brushed his lips. His tongue darted out and teased it. Trixi leaned closer, silently begging for more. Zack needed no more invitation, lightly taking her nipple in his mouth, he gently started to suck.

"Harder." Trixi asked. He sucked a little harder, letting his hands roam her body. "Harder!" She begged. Zack arched an eyebrow as he started to devour her breast roughly. A smile came to Trixi's mouth, "yesss...." she hissed, running her hands through his hair. She lowered her mouth to kiss him again. While kissing, Zack slid his hands up to her shoulders and down her arms, stopping at her wrists. He pulled her hands down until she was forced to stop kissing him. A playful gleam in her eye caught his attention. He sat up, pushing her hands toward his feet, causing her to fall back. Trixi repositioned herself on her back with Zack over her, still holding her wrists, now above her head. Without saying anything, he arched an eyebrow questioningly. She winked, kissed the air between them, and so, the game started.

Zack leaned down, bending her wrists behind the arm of the couch, "hold onto the couch." He told Trixi. She wrapped her hands around the underside of the armrest as he slowly let go of her wrists. "Don't move your hands." Trixi squirmed under him, causing her hips to tease his jeans encased penis. 

"No, no, Dear Trix. I'm calling the shots." He said as he sat up and grabbed a hold of her hips. He drank in the sight of her perky breast heaving as she started to squirm uncomfortably. "Hmmm, don't start the game if you can't play. I could look at you all day, but I'd rather do this." He stated as he removed his shirt and started on her jeans. Lowering the jeans past her hips, he let out a small groan when he discovered that she was wearing the maroon lacey thong that the boys had bought her as a gag gift for her birthday. A smile crossed her lips when she noticed he remembered the undies, she had wore them for whats-his-name, but whatever.

"Oooo, pitty." Zack sighed.

"What?" Trixi asked.

"This." Zack stated has he quickly ripped the sides and removed the tattered cloth. Trixi arched toward him with fire in her eyes.

"I liked those undies." She playfully whined.

"You'll like this better." He said as he slowly traced her lips, dipped two fingers into her, and then came out to land on her clit. Trixi moved her hands and reached for him. His hands grabbed hers. "I said to not move your hands..."

" Sorry." Trixi said, giving him a pout. 

"Me too." He said as he stood up, adjusted his hard cock in his pants, and reached for his shirt. He slipped it back on and politely handed her clothes to her.

"Excuse me?" She asked. "I'm confused."

"Well, I said I was sorry too. Plus, the guys should be here any minute. We shouldn't have anyway. Ruining the friendship and all." Zack sighed as he flopped on the couch and flipped on the TV. Trixi stood up with clothes in hand. Anger had surfaced on her face.

"Ok. Fine. Sure, I understand." She spat has she headed to her bedroom for a new pair of underwear. Zack watched her stomp to her room, making her perfect ass jiggle and sway as she went. He wanted nothing more to run after her and jump her, but Beau and Jay would honestly be there at any time. He shouldn't have kissed her, but damn. As soon as she said the word cock, all he could think about was her lips around his cock. Then she had to whisper it in his ear and about how bad she wanted him in her. A man is only so strong! Now she was pissed. Zack couldn't wait until after the bar, he'll talk with her then. 

"Can we at least watch something fun? Hitch is on." Trixi tried to say civilly. She was never good at being bitchy. Zack didn't even notice her walking back into the room. Although she was fully dress in her hip-hugging jeans and a low-cut shirt, he saw her naked every time he blinked. She'd let her hair down now, too. Damn.

"Sure." He said nonchalantly. Thankfully, as he turned the channel, Jay and Beau strolled in. It'd been a long time since one of the boys actually knocked. Technically, they only knocked when she had her door locked, which was only after dinner or when she was gone. She has forgotten about it while she was sprawled out naked on the couch with Zack ripping off her undies. His hands all over her, her tits, tummy, and when he thrust his finger in her...

"Trix?" Jay asked, jolting her back to the present.

"Huh?" She answered. All three guys were looking at her with concern on her face. Scratch that, Zack had a seductive grin on his. "Yeah, what?"

"Did you just moan?" Beau asked. 

"Um, yeah. I was thinking of the food that we should be eating. I'm starved." She retorted. "I'm thinking dinner out, then to our bar, of course. Or maybe straight to the bar and eat there." Man, she needed a drink like woah. 

"Mmmmmm, bar food." Zack murmured. A zap went straight to Trixi's legs, well, more like between them. The notion was seconded and third, and off they went.

Several hours later, with some wings and such in their tummys, Beau started the ritual of the T&D game at the bar. All of them were buzzing nicely, therefore it was time to play.

"Truth or dare, Jay?" Beau asked.

"Dare, duh. Why do we even give a choice?" Jay responded.

"Because Trixi mixes it up and always chooses truth." Zack said as he turned to face her.

"I do not! I did a dare a couple nights ago." Trixi stated.

"Yeah, about a year ago and the only reason you know that is because we told you it happened." Jay countered.

"Oh, and you didn't even do it because you passed out right after you agreed to do one." Zack reminded them.

"Well..." Trixi faded.

"Anyway," Beau said. "Dare... I dare you to pick up the brunette in the blue top over there."

"Psh. Easy." Jay swaggered over to the girl and proceeded to talk with her for a couple minutes. Soon, she was writing something on a napkin. Jay walked back and sat the napkin in front of Beau. "So, that's a shot for you!" Beau downed Jay's liquor of choice, tequila. Actually, it was everyone's choice except Trixi, hers was HotDamn100. After several rounds between the guys, Trixi, who was nursing her 3 long island staring at the hot guys around the bar, was called into the game.

"Trixi! Truth or truth, oops, I mean dare." Zack slurred. Trixi rolled her eyes as she turned back to her three best friends. Obviously, they were toasted, not that she was far behind. A wicked smile crept across her face. She leaned over to Zack, almost falling off her own stool. Looking him in the eye, his face millimeters from his face, she licked her lips.

"Dare."

"Excuse me?" Jay asked. Beau choked on his drink, and Zack's mouth was hanging open.

"You heard me." The boys quickly huddled together. This was a dare that would not be given lightly. It had to be something that she would refuse to do, but was within the rules. If she refused, it was a shot from everyone. If she did it and failed, just one shot from him. Or if she did it, then he took a shot. He knew the perfect dare. After getting the guys approval, he turned to face her.

"I dare you to kiss me." Zack said. Fear, panic, and lust all sliced through her face.

"That's not fair." She whispered.

"What was that? Are you refusing? Ok. Guys, slide a shot over to Trix." Zack sighed. "I knew you didn't have it in you for a dare." Trixi narrowed her eyes as she got off of her stool. Pulling him off his stool, she grabbed the back of his neck, lowering his lips toward hers. As soon as their lips met, she hungrily kissed him. He darted his tongue into her mouth, which is immediately opened for him and sucked on it. The sensation went straight to his dick, which was now quickly rising. She held onto him, deepening the kiss, taking everything he offered. Too soon, Beau interrupted.

"Um, looks like Zack is taking a shot." That broke the spell. Zack detangled himself, grabbed a shot glass of HotDamn100 and slugged it down. After hopping back onto her stool and glancing at the full shots in front of her, Trixi looked at the guys.

"Beau, truth or dare."

"Dare." Beau said, crossing his arms over his chest. "Do your worst."

"Kiss Zack." She dished out. Now it was Jay's turn to laugh and both guys distanced themselves apart as much as they could.

"That's not fair." Beau stumbled.

"So, you are refusing to."

"Hell yeah." Both guys said simultaneously.

"Then drink up." Trixi said, passing a shot to them both. Jay quickly followed suit. They both quickly took the shots, as well as down their own. Beau eyed Trixi.

"Truth or dare, Trix." Beau asked.

"Truth" Trixi decided, stealing their thunder.

"What is your deepest sexual fantasy?" Beau asked. Jay's eyes got wide. He knew. They had had a drunken heart-to-heart on night, so she couldn't lie, but telling the other two would be horrible. She could always get Jay back by spilling his secret that he couldn't get off during sex and would masturbate after his girls blissfully fell asleep.

"I mean dare." She restated. Zack was about to tell her that changing your mind was against the rules, but Jay stopped him.

"Go to the bathroom, take off your undies, and come give them to me." Beau next to ordered. Trixi got up and headed for the bathroom. A couple minutes later she returned with something teal in her hand and handed it to Jay just as the bartender called for last call. Beau put it in his pocket and looked at his watch. "Five minutes until she gets here."

All three stumbled out onto the street. This weekend's DD was Georgia. She would take them all home. The all waited on the bench for her green Beetle to come into view.

"So guys, would you mind staying at Trixi's tonight? I would really enjoy some time with Georgia." Jay asked. The three exchanged glances. "I'll take the silence as a yes. Thanks guys!" Just then, Georgia pulled up and Jay hopped in the front and gave her more than a peck as the other three slowly squeezed in the back. Trixi was half sitting on both guys. Seatbelts were put on as Jay told Georgia the good news. 

Zack let his hand move to Trixi's knee in the dark, she refused to look at him. He moved it up her thigh, soon stopping almost between her legs. He then began to draw little circles, moving towards her wet crotch. Trixi shifted and turned away from him, accidently placing her hand on Beau's bludge. She froze, not know what to do. No one could see, but Beau knew. As she went to move her hand, Beau's covered hers so she could feel him hardening. He soon let her hand go as they pulled up to her apartment. As they exited the car, both guys adjusted their hard-ons secretly and heading up the stairs.

"Night!" Jay shouted at them as they all waved goodbye. Once inside, Trixi pulled out the couch into a bed. Grabbing blankets from the nearby closet, she made up the bed.

"Night guys." She quickly said as she went to her room to change into her pajamas.

"Wait." Zack said. "We are not sleeping together, so choose one of us to share your king-size bed with. It's big enough for two." Trixi knew they were right, but did she dare to spend the night with Zack who already mauled her today or Beau who just made her feel his huge penis in the back of a dark car? Her face flushed.

"You guys pick, I'm heading to bed." She casually said, or at least she hoped it sounded casual. How they decided, she didn't know, but soon Zack slipped into bed next to her. Somehow, him laying a foot from her, in some form of undress, made the horny girl in her surge to the surface. She shivered from need. Mistaking it for being cold, Zack rolled over to her and spooned with her. She was wearing a cotton babydoll-ish dress thing that she loved, but despite the spaghetti straps holding it up and the fact that it came down just below her butt, she was burning.

"Cold?" He whispered, wrapping his arms around her stomach. She should have said no, but it felt good and his dick teased her as the hardness twitched against her ass. She simply nodded as he snuggled closer. She bent her legs toward her chest and snuggled back getting comfortable. Her nightie rode up and that's when she realized he was naked. He cock wedged between her cheeks, point right where Zack wanted to put it. Trixi moaned softly. She didn't mean to, but Zack caught it and began to move penis across her pussy, teasing her.

"That's not fair." She said hoarsely.

"It wasn't fair for you to wear no undies, knowing that one of us was going to sleep in here." Zack responded. "I guess now you'll just have to be quiet."

"Beau took them, remember? Anyway, why would that be hard?" She asked, but as soon as she said it, she understood. Zack dropped his hand between her legs, quickly finding her clit and rubbing it.

"You tell me." He whispered in her ear, then sucking on her lobe and teasing behind her ear as he slipped his finger in her. Trixi rolled her head back against his shoulder, turning to him, letting a light moan escape her lips. It was then she decided that if he could play, so could she.

"Don't start something you can't finish." She stated as she pressed her ass against him, rubbing him in the process.

"I intend to finish it." He grunted, removing his fingers to grasp her hips. Tilting her hips, he positioned himself just outside her cunt. "But if you keep moving like that, I'll finish before I start." Trixi's breath caught in her throat when she realized what he was now sitting against her. She pushed back just a little, enough for the head to squeeze into her.

"That fast, huh? I knew you were a minute man." She couldn't help but tease him now. It was an easy shot, but being friends, they've always taken the cheap shots. He rolled his eyes; of course she would play the friend card. Well, not that she was playing that card, just giving that vibe.

"Is that a challenge, dear Trix?" He asked, removing the tip from her. She sighed sadly and tried to push back to him. "Hmmmm?"

"Maybe." She responded coyly.
