 The ocean was a light blue green in color and the sun was as bright as I had ever seen it. There was not a cloud in the sky as our sailboat skimmed across the water as fast as the wind could move it. The days were hot and long now. It was the middle of summer here in the islands. 

I was returning to a place I had come to love. I had known these islands since my early childhood and they were beautiful. I called this place my tropical paradise.

I had been away too long. Now that school was behind me, it was time for me to rest and enjoy myself and soak up some sun. I was so happy to be home. 

My late father bought a great deal of land here. He had built us a summer home that we called our hideaway. It is a carefree place to live, and relax. You couldn’t help but enjoy your self here.

The beaches, plant life, and the tropical breezes are out of this world. It is like nothing that you have ever seen before in your life. 

The one nice thing about this place is that it is lost from the rest of the world. Seldom does anyone ever drop in on us. There is a little sleepy town near the docks. Some places on the island have electricity and running water. However, there are no phones here. 

We do have a store. Oh, and there is an open-air market here. On Tuesday and Friday of each week you can buy fresh food from the island natives and from the trader’s boats that come by every two weeks or so. 

Yes, you could say that time have forgotten this little part of the world. Yet, it is breathtaking here. It is a garden of Eden

Every time father and I came to the island, the first thing that we would do was to remove our clothes and go completely nude. I can remember when my Dad and I did not wear much of anything all summer long. The beaches are completely nude all the time. 

The crew of the sailboat found their way to the little dock area of my island. 

It was nice to step onto land again. The crew picked up my luggage and set them onto the dock. I looked over the crowd for a smiling face and found a young man that I felt could help me with my bags. 

We made our way down the dim road to the trail to my home. I thanked and paid the young man that had helped me and he was on his way.

I spent the rest of the day just laying around the house. Late that evening I walked down to the beach; I slipped from my clothing and into the water for a much needed swim. The ocean water sure felt good and I enjoyed the swim. Afterwards I climbed the ridge in front of my home and went to the waterfalls in the back of my place. I bathed myself under them. 

The next morning I turned my attention to my home. The first thing that I had to do, was the stocking of my pantry, and finds some one to help me with the cleaning. 

Early that morning I got myself dressed and slowly made my way down the road to the local store. When I got there I asked the store clerk about some extra help with the cleaning of my neglected home. 

That is when the storekeeper asked some of the natives girls? If there was anyone who would help me with the cleaning? I was ready to leave, when a young woman came into the store asking if I was the one looking for help with the house cleaning.

I said, “Yes I am.” She said that she and her sister helped clean home and that thay would be happy to help me. 

I told her that I could sure use their help and that I would be looking forward to having them both at my home in the morning. I then asked, “If they knew where I lived?” she said, “Yes.” You are the woman that lives on the ridge over looking the ocean. 

I said, “Yes.” 

She said, “We can be there at 8:00 a.m.” 

I said, “Fine.” 

I then took the items that I had purchased and made my way back down the road towards my home. 

While on my way home I encountered a man walking towards me down the road. 

He spoke to me and I retuned a good morning and kept on walking. I guessed he was around forty years of age. 

For some strange reason I was attracted to him in a peculiar way.

I unbuttoned my blouse, exposing my breasts to the warm morning sunlight. I do not know why, but I did. 

That was when I stopped in my tracks, turned, and looked back at the man that I had just seen. 

He was nowhere to be seen on the road. I thought to myself that it was strange. 

I then turned and went on my way. When I walked into the house, I removed my blouse, unbuttoned my skirt, and let it fall to the floor. I was completely nude. It felt good to feel the breeze blowing over my body. I spent the rest of the day working around the house in the nude. 

The next morning the two native girls showed up and we finally got to the cleaning of the house. One of the girls asked if it would be all right if, they could work in the nude. I consented and they both dropped their clothes to the floor. I to reached down and removed all of my clothing. We all smiled at each other and laughed. We worked all day long completely nude and it felt good. As dark came the place began to look much better.

It took me a couple of weeks before the place began to completely come together. It was beginning to look like a home now. 

I had been lying around the house for weeks now, doing nothing other than swimming and tanning myself on the beach, working a few crossword puzzles and sleeping. It sure felt great to relax.

Late one evening I had nothing to do, so I slipped down to the beach to go for a swim. Afterwards I lay down on the beach, and watched as the sun set. 

I had been lying there with nothing on for about an hour, when I looked down the beach and saw my mystery man, the one that I had seen on the road a few weeks back. I began to get a strange feeling about him as he walked towards me. 

I had this feel of being uncomfortable. I did not know why, however, I did. 

He slowly walked up to me. Then he said, “Good evening, my name is Henry Douglas. I live at the other end of the island.” 

I then spoke up and said, “How do you do, my name is Vivian Russell.”

He then said. “I saw you the other day on the road.”

I said, “Yes, I was on my way home.” I then pointed behind me to my home and said, “This is my place here.” 

“Yes, it is a nice place.”

He said, “Would you care to go for a swim in the moonlight?” I thought about it for a brief moment and said, “Yes why not.” He then dropped his waistcloth, and that was when I received the biggest shock of my life. 

There between his legs, was a penis the likes that I had not seen before on any man. It was downright breathing taking. I was shocked at how beautiful his circumcised penis was just hanging there between his legs. It was the largest penis that I had every seen on any man before. 

We swam about an hour together when he reached out and pulled my body close to himself. I could feel his large penis brushing against my thigh as we swam together towards the beach. 

When we came out of the water we sat down on the beach, I could not help but see in the moonlight his large penis. 

I could almost feel his penis with my eyes. I knew that I was going to have him. I could feel my pussy lips swelling, and my nipples were becoming erect. My juices were starting to flow from my pussy lips. I licked my lips with my tongue. I was trying to make myself ready for his breath-taking penis. 

His penis was so damn large and it was downright beautiful. I could feel my pussy lips starting to drip from desire. My juices were really starting to flow. The desire for this giant of a penis was beginning to take over my body. 

I could feel my nipples starting to swell, and my mouth and tongue longed for the smooth skin of his penis in my mouth. I was becoming wet from the sweat of desire. I was trembling form the desire for this man to make love to me.

The lust for this man was like nothing that I had ever had before. I knew I would commit myself to my lust and my deep desire for him.

I knew that I could not put it off any longer. My pussy was dripping its juices and I could not hold it back any longer. I just had to ask him about his penis. I said, “Henry I have never seen a penis as large as yours before!”

He looked down at it and then smiled. He then said, “Thank you, would you like to have it? I am sure it would enjoy you.”

I said, “Oh yes.” I then reached down and picked up this large over powering penis with both of my hands; I could feel it starting to get hard. It was like no other penis that I had ever seen on a man before. I have had a few penises in my time but I had never seen one this large before. 

I could see that he was discharging precum fluid from the opening in the head of his penis, and he was now starting to have an erection. I just could not hold back any more, I had to start licking and sucking this incredible penis. I looked up at him and said, “I hope you don’t mind, my licking and sucking on your organ.” 

That is when he said, “Oh please do. I enjoy having a beautiful girl suck and lick my penis now and then.” 

As I moved my tongue over the head of this large penis, I could taste the sweet juice that his penis was now discharging. More and more of his juices pored from the head of his now erect penis with every stroke of my tongue. His discharged juice tasted like nothing that I had tasted before. It was so sweet that I just had to have more. I swallowed all of the juice that I could suck from the head of his penis. The more I sucked and licked his penis the more juice he would discharge. Then I and realized the time had come for me to try to slip his entire organ deep into my mouth. I did not know if I could take it or not.

I pulled his wet juicy penis away from my mouth and looked up at him. That is when I said, “I am going to try taking in your entire penis.”

He looked down at me and said, “Oh yes! Just take your time.” 

I licked the head of his penis and saw that he was now discharging fluid like crazy. It was now or never I thought. I opened my mouth and I started sucking his penis deep into my throat. I could feel it as it moved over my tongue. The next thing I felt was his penis slipping deep into my throat. Then I felt his pubic hair at the base of this great organ brushing against my lips, chin, and nose. 

I had every bit of his penis inside of my mouth. I do not know how I had done it but it felt very good. Just then, he started to move his penis in and out slowly. It was like nothing that I had ever had before. 

It wasn’t long before I could feel a lump starting to form and I realized it was the head of his penis, swelling. Then I felt a large and very hot jet of his cum hit the bottom of my stomach. He shot load after load of his cum from his organ. 

I had never had a man pump so much hot cum into me before and never down into my stomach. His cum was so damn hot it hurt. Nevertheless, it tasted great and I began to adjust. It was a wonderful feeling in my stomach as he filled me up with his sperm. 

Oh, how I hated to have him pull his penis from deep within my throat but he did. His penis slipped out of my mouth and he let it just hang there in my face. That is when I noticed that there was still cum hanging from the head of his cock. I reached out, grabbed his penis, and licked it until it was dry. Oh! His sperm tasted great and it was wonderfully hot. 

I could see that he loved the action as much as I did. He reached over and gave me the best and longest kiss of my life. All I could do was smile and say, “Thank you Henry, you are the best that I have ever had.”

We both lay there on the sandy beach and rested after making love. Then I began to have a strange feeling in my stomach. I reached down, found his organ, and stroked it a few times. Then I bent over and licked the head of it, and shoved the head of his penis back into my mouth and sucked away. I felt like I needed more of his sperm. Nevertheless, my stomach was full of his fluid, and I slowly pulled his penis from my mouth.

We were both still lying there on the beach when we heard someone laughing at us. We both sat up and looked around and there standing in the shade of a large dark rock was a woman. I was somewhat surprised to see another person. I did not know what to think. 

Just about then, Henry started to laugh also. He looked at me and said, “Vivian, this is my friend Rebecca. She and I live together on the other end of the island.”

Henry said, “Rebecca, please come and meet my new lover.” 

When he said that, I felt shocked but did not say anything. I suppose, I was his latest lover. Who knew what might come of this? 

Henry asked Rebecca, “How long have you been standing there?” She stepped out into the bright moon light for all to see. 

“I have been here all the time that this young woman was sucking on your cock.” She then looked at Henry and said, “I see you passed your sperm on to her.” 

That was when they both looked at each other and smiled. Rebecca then said, “It appears that you have done well Henry. She is beautiful.”

Henry said, “Yes she is. I think she will fit into our little family just fine.” 

I did not really understand what thay were talking about, so I just let it pass.

Rebecca looked at me and smiled. That was when I began to realize that she had a fabulous body. She had on a very thin waistcloth that you could almost see through. Her breasts were large, as were her nipples, and the opening at the end of them were extremely large. They looked delicious. 

Then I notice that she had a lot of hair covering her body. Much like that of a man, and her armpits were full of hair. However, she had a beautiful smile, it was as if She was saying hello, come and make love to me. She came up to me and held out her hand. I shook it. 

Then she said with a soft voice, “Hello, it is nice to meet you. I hope Henry’s love making was not too much for you. He becomes out of control sometimes. I have to keep him in check.” We both laughed and smiled at each other. 

I spoke up and said, “I hope you are not upset with the both of us.”

Rebecca looked at Henry, and with a smile on her face she said, “Oh no, we both enjoy a little outside sex now and then.”

With that, she asked if it was all right to sit with us and talk. 

I spoke up and said, “Please do. I do not see many people around here.” 

Then she sat down between the both of us, and that is when she reached over and gave Henry a hug. She then slipped her long beautiful tongue out of her mouth for Henry to suck on.

I noticed that she had reached down and put her hand on his penis and was stroking it. Henry was fondling her breast. Then Rebecca bent her head back and made a hissing sound like an animal. 

For some strange reason my stomach began to get that funny feeling again, I reached down and rubbed my clit. I do not know why but I did. After a brief moment, their foreplay was over and I could tell these people knew how to make real love. I thought to myself, I could learn a lot from these two people. 

Rebecca turned to me and asked, “How long have you been here on the island and are you planning on staying?” 

I told her I had been coming here for years, and I loved it so much that I could stay forever. 

Rebecca said, “Well, you are one of the hometown girls. It is nice that we met you. I can see we’re going to enjoy each other’s company.”

Rebecca then turned back to Henry, bent over, and licked his penis a couple of times. Then she acted as if she was going to suck it. However, she reached over, put her arm around my neck, and whispered in my ear, “Would you be upset if we made love with you?” 

I said, “No, not at all.” With that, she started kissing my breasts. Then she began French kissing me with her tongue. It felt great. While we were kissing, I felt Henry parting my legs. In addition, I could feel his hot tongue playing with my now bulging pussy lips and clit. Just then, Rebecca stopped French kissing me, stood up, untied her waistcloth, and let it drop to the ground. 

That was when I got a big shock. Rebecca had the largest clit and vaginal lips that I had ever seen on a woman. Her clit must have been one inched wide and two inches long. 

Then I noticed that she did not have any foreskin covering her clit. It just hung out there for all to see. It was shocking. Rebecca looked at me and said, “Go ahead, you can play with it, look it over. Take it in you fingers and start rubbing it.” I did, and to my surprise, she was discharging fluid out of the end of her clit. I looked closer and there at the end of her clit was an opening, a star like opening, and she was discharging a warm, sweet smelling fluid. I knew that I just had to taste it. 

It was so sweet; I could not keep myself from sucking and licking her clit. I sucked it until my mouth was full of her fluid. She then stopped me, and started kissing me, and sucking my tongue. You could tell she loved her own sweet fluid. After our mouths were empty, we stopped and let Henry suck both our pusses at the same time. He was going back and forth between us and Rebecca and I were kissing each other and suckling on each other’s tits and nipples. 

I noticed while I was sucking on Rebecca’s breasts that she was discharging fluid from her nipples. It tasted a little salty. However, at the same time it tasted good. It was like nothing that I had encountered before. I stopped and whispered into her ear, asking, “What is it that you are discharging from your nipples?” 

She said, “You could come to love it, couldn’t you? However, not to worry, I have only let you have my breast fluids.” 

It was not long before Rebecca and I were having orgasm after orgasm. This kept on for over an hour, then Henry stopped sucking our clits, and pusses and then we all got a much-needed rest.

As I lay there, my stomach had that strange feeling again. Like I needed something but I did not know what. I asked Rebecca. “How did you come to have such a large clit and that opening at the end of it? And the sweet juice that flows from it?” 

Henry and Rebecca both looked at me and then Rebecca said, “Would you like to have a juicy large clit like mine?”

I looked at her clit and then turned to Henry and said, “You can do this.” 

Henry smiled and said, “Of course, it can happen.” 

I then asked, “How can this happen?” 

He smiled and said, “You will find out in due time.”

Rebecca asked, “If I could come to dinner tomorrow night, around eight?”

I said, “Yes, I would love to. Should I bring anything?”

Rebecca smiled and said, “No. Just come as you are now. You can walk down the beach to the other end of the island. We are on a hill overlooking the beach. There is a path from the beach to our place. You should not have any trouble finding it. It will take you no time to walk there.” 

Henry spoke up and said, “We can talk more about your clit after dinner.” Everyone smiled. 

As they walked away, Rebecca turned to Henry and whispered, “Should you tell her about your sperm? You can tell it is now working on her system.” 

Henry said, “No, not tonight. Lets wait until tomorrow. By that time, she will be ready.”

Then Rebecca said, “Henry I let her have some of my breast. I could tell she loved it.” 

Henry said, “Well done. It has started.”

Rebecca turned and looked at me and asked, “Do you have a strange feeling in your stomach?”

I said, “Yes, how did you know?”

That is when Rebecca said, “I thought so.” She then said, “Well, I hope you get to feeling better before long. They both walked down the beach hand in hand. Both were laughing, pushing at each other, and playing around likes a couple of young kids. I could say one thing for these two people, they sure knew how to make love.

I lay there on the beach and watched them walk completely out of sight. I turned and looked back at the ocean, it was now calm, and I felt like a swim. It was refreshing, but after 20 minutes or so in the water, my stomach started hurting again so I got out of the water and walked back to the house. 
