 They say a journey of a thousand miles starts with but a single step. Well, our journey to a week on a remote tropical island began with a shuttle bus that picked us up from our home. One of the other passengers was a young woman carrying a big golf bag. She was all excited about all the rounds of golf she would soon be playing in a far-off city.

"My condolences," I smiled at her.

"Why, what do you mean?"

"You're spending your whole vacation chasing balls around the sand and water."

"And what will YOU two be doing?"

"Making out nude on the beach, skinny-dipping together in the ocean. If all goes well, we're in for a week of non-stop marathon sex in our troipical island paradise!"

My man patted my thigh and smiled. "Sounds great to ME, honey!" he grinned. 

The shuttle-bus driver piped in: "So your vacations will be pretty similar: both of you ladies will be chasing balls around on the sand and in the water!"

Everyone laughed.

A male passenger of about 55, starting to get that distiunguished gray in his hair, offered to trade vactions with us: "I'm off on a boring business trip to Chicago. A week of sex on a tropical island sounds MUCH better to me. Hell, even that GOLF thing sounds better right now!"

"My golf game IS in Chicago!" the other lady said.

"Well, there you go," the matchmaker in me declared. "You can both hold each other warm in that bitter Chicago wind and find ways to relieve the boredom."

On hearing my suggestion, the other two passengers very slowly looked each other up and down. They seemed to like what they saw in each other, and I wondered if I might have successfully made a love-match.

We had to take two planes and a boat to reach our remote island resort. By the time we checked-in, it was after 11 PM and we were both way too tired after traveling all day, to get started on our planned week-long marathon love match of our own. But we did kiss and hug naked in bed for a little while, before contentedly falling asleep in each other's loving arms.

The next morning, we hiked up a nearby mountain, through nearly two miles of lush green tropical rain forest. It was so cool and dark there, and the only sound was the distant clacking of some exotic birds. About half a mile up the trail, I pulled him by the hand off the trail and into the depths of the thick greenery. I tugged his T-shirt over his head and hurriedly unzipped his jeans shorts. He made short work of my own T-shirt, and he smiled in delight when he found I had no bra underneath. We grabbed each other around the neck, then around the waist, and we kissed fiercely, hungrily, wrestling each other down to the moss-carpeted forest floor. 

He slowly kissed his way down my neck, over my breasts, around my achingly-hard nipples, past my navel, and down onto my bare thighs. "Mmmmmm!" I moaned, knowing only the birds could hear us now.

"I want you!" he moaned between hungry kisses on my thighs.

"I need you in me," I whispered my agreement. I wrapped my hand around his long, thick, hard, pulsating cock, and eagerly guided it to my moist opening. "Stiff cock me, baby!" I whined as his big, bulbous cock head knocked at my entrance.

As he slowly slid inch aftrer loving inch into my juicy, needy slit, I felt that pleasant ache of the firss stages in building toward an explosive orgasm. My climax was probably still half an hour away, but I was feeling SO good already. As he slowly slid in and out of me, he cupped my bare ass cheeks, adding to my pleasure. But we didn't get too far along, when I thought I heard voices on the trail.

"Maybe this isn't the best place to do this," I whispered. "We could get caught!"

Reluctantly, we both stood up and hastily dressed. We looked up and down the trail, but the vegetation was so thick and so dark that we couldn't see anybody. That was good, because it meant that if anyone HAD gone by, they couldn't see us, either. Still, we both decided that this spot was just too risky, and we continued our hike through the rain forest.

Further up the mountain trail, we rounded a curve to find a spectacular water fall cascading into a small pond. The best sex we ever had was under a waterfall, so the temptation was too strong to resist. Besides, from the pond, we could spot hikers long before they would round the bend and be able to see us. So we raced each other to get out of our clothes and start skinny-dipping. I won, and I was quickly swimming across the pond to the waterfall. He was swimming in hot pursuit only a few strokes behind me. I stood up, naked, under the waterfall, and relished the warm tropical water cascading through my hair and down my naked body. He stood up beside me, and I watched the glistening beads of pure mountain water streaming over his muscular chest. Instinctively, hungrily, we wrapped our arms around each other and kissed passionately, lustily, our bodies pressed tight against each other under the waterfall. His fingers massaged the outside of my pussy, then his long, thin middle finger slowly slid into me, massaging my G-spot and my hard, throbbing clit.

That's when I wrapped my fingers around his nice thick cock, and when I felt it pulsing and throbbing in my palm, I felt my heart beat faster and I grew short of breath. I warpped my legs around his waist, the pond water bouyantly supporting my weight. With my feet pressed into his muscular butt cheeks, I slowly impaled my pussy on his long, hard, throbbing rod. The warm water above and the hot cock below were an indescribably wonderful combination of sensations. I hungrily kissed his lips, and soon our tongues were wildly, happily, joyously dancing around in each other's mouths, as I rode him so hard and he fucked me so lovingly. After maybe 35, 40 minutes, I exploded hot, thick love juices all over his deeply-thrusting cock, and moments later, I felt his hot blast deep, deep, DEEP inside of me. My legs dropped back down from around his waist into the water, and we held each other, still joined at the lips and at the genitals. That's when we heard voices up on the trail. We swam back to the rock where we had piled our clothes and, still soaking wet in more ways than one, we hastily dressed again. After the voices passed us and faded away in the distance, we rejoined the trail, hiking further up the mountain.

The trail ended about halfway up the mountain, at the most spectular waterfall yet. The water dropped 450 feet straight down a sheer vertical cliff, into a pond completly hidden by tall tropical plants. It was getting late now, and we figured no new hikers would be starting up the trail now. So we stripped again, and jumped in the pond. The water was cooler than the previous waterfall; refreshingly cool, but not bitterly cold. Still, as we held each other under the waterfall, goose-bumps formed on both of us. So we climbed out of the pond, onto a large flat rock. He bent me backward over the rock, and I felt the blood rushing to both my head and my pussy. He climbed up on top of me, and with both hands I hungrily, eagerly guided his long, thick cock into my desperately hungry slit. My pussy was loudly smacking in pre-orgasmic anticipation. We were much more exposed than on our previous trysts, so with my encouragement, he slammed into me deep, hard, and fast. After about my fifth shaking, moaning, trembling orgasm, I begged him to come. And he did. I felt the very depths of my pussy--the very depths of my SOUL--splattered with his thick, warm love juices. I pulled back, letting him slip out of me, enjoying the sensation of his warm, powerful blasts onto my bare thighs.

We dressed and started a fast walk down the mountain. The sunset ahead of us was a beautiful golden-red. We got about three quarters of the way back down the mountain before the sun set completely, and we held each other's hands to guide each other through the darkness at the bottom of the trail. We returned to our resort with sore feet and legs, and sore organs from coming so much, but also filled from head to toe with the warm glow of love and fulfilled desires.

The next day, we stayed in bed, resting most of the morning. In the afternoon, we explored the quaint little village near our tropical resort: nothing too strenuous after the previous day's tough hike. We dined in a quaint little restaurant serving native island cuisine, then returned to our resort.

We watched a movie on TV for a while, but soon I was in the mood for something more, much more. I turned to him and asked, "Is it 3 o'clock yet?" That's our code signal. You see, while he's away at the office, about 3:00 PM I start thinking about how he'll be home in a couple of hours, and I start getting horny as hell. Or sometimes I awaken at 3 AM and watch him naked beside me, his musuclar chest rising and falling with each sleepy breath, and I get SO desperately horny just watching him. So "Is it 3 o'clock yet?" has become our code for "I'm horny, are you?" and we can say this to each other even out in public, and only we know what it REALLY means.

"Is it 3 o'clock yet?" I asked. "Because I have this sheer, sexy outfit I packed, that I'm just dying to model for you.

"Sounds GREAT! I've been dying to show you MY new naughty outfit, too." So saying, he switched off the TV, and I disappeared into the bathroom.

I emerged in a tight, form-fiting black leather dress, miniskirt length, that zips all the way down the front. Much to my surprise, we almost matched: he wore only a black leather G-string with an exaggerated zipper in front. We sat on the edge of the bed, kissing and hugging. With our arms around each other, our kisses alternated between each other's lips and necks, punctauted by occasional nibbles on each other's ears. Soon, we had wrestled each other down horizontal onto the bed where, facing each other, we continued our passionate kisses.

He slowly unzipped the top of my black leather dress, revealing a sheer purple lace peekaboo bra underneath. He instantly, eagerly, hungrily dove for my cleavage, planting sweet and romantic kisses, followed by hungry and passionate kisses. Soon, his lusty kisses circled all around the cimcumference of my full, round breasts, spiraling inward, slowly inward, until he was eagerly kissing, licking, and sucking my nipples, making them so hard they literally ached. I was grabbing his head, pulling him in closer to my 38-C chest, wanting him, loving him, enjoying him ssssoooo much.

I reached down and began slowly rubbing my palm up and down the front of his black G-string. This encouraged him to unzip my black leather dress still further, and as he sweetly kissed my navel, I began massaging him through his G-string even more eagerly. This encouraged him to unzip me still further, exposing the very top of my frilly purple lace bikini panties. He began massaging my pussy right THROUGH my pretty little panties, then he unzipped the last inch of my dress, and folded it back open all the way now, finally fully exposing my skimpy peekaboo bra, bare midriff, and skimpy little panties. 

He leaned over me and planted a sweet, delicate butterfly kiss right on the tiny triangular front of my panties. I thrust my pelvis up high off the bed, eager to feel his warm lips and hot breath against my barely-covered, moist and juicy slit. He moved his kisses off my panties onto my bare inner thighs, so I spread my legs apart wider, to give his lips better access to my smooth, naked, creamy thighs. I reached down, and slowly unzipped the zipper of his teeny-tiny G-string. He moved his mouth back to the front of my panties, his hot kisses separated from my hungry pussy by only the sheerest thickness of lacy purple panty. Now his tongue slowly, ever-so-teasingly slowly, slithered out of his mouth, burrowing the skimpy fabric of my panties deeper and deeper into my juicy slit. Finally, his fingers pushed my panties aside alll together, and his tongue began a slow, pleasurable lick all the way around the edge of my wide-open outer labia. I reached down, and felt his long, thick, wonderful hard cock protruding out the fly of his tiny G-string. Fearing that the exaggerated teeth of his G-string's zipper might harm his beautiful, delicate, precious package before I could get a chance to ride it, I hastily wrestled his G-strring completely off him, leaving him the way I like him best: 100% completely, deliciously, naughtily NAKED!

His tongue slithered its way inside my wide-open pussy, until it found and licked at my soft, spongy G-spot. He slowly licked his way upward and outward from my G-spot, up along my clit, which instantly hardened and throbbed at the sweet, loving contact of his tongue against her. He pressed his lips up tightly against my clit, and kissed her passionately. Then his tongue slithered back out of his mouth, slowly licking his upper lips from one corner of his mouth to the opposite corner. With his face pressed up SO tightly against my pussy, his slow sideways lick across his upper lip was also slowly licking across my hot, hard little love button. This had me bucking, writhing, and moaning with lustful desires, and I felt an intense shuddering orgasm slowly building deep inside of me. He must have sensed this, because his tongue slid back inside my pussy. No sooner did his swirling, licking tongue touch my G-spot again, than I felt myself starting to orgasm from my G-spot. A G-spot orgasm is harder to achive, but MUCH more intense, than a clitoral orgasm. As I started to come, his swirling, licking tongue slowly slid back out of me, swiping across my clit once more. He kissed my clit again, then sucked her up into his mouth. His lips gently sucked, then his teeth delicately nibbled, on my clit. I bucked my pelvis high up his into his face, and proceeded to come from around my clit. As I was coming onto his sweet, loving face, his tongue slid back into my pussy; my G-spot orgasm hadn't completely stopped yet, and the presence of his tongue increased the intensity still further now. I was coming from my G-spot and my clit at the same time, and the intensity of the feelings had me just about ready to pass-out from the sheer pleasure of it all. I was coming intensely from everywhere at once, shuddering and moaning as I flooded his face and the bed with a mixture of my various creamy love juices.

I wrapped both of my hands around his rhythmically-throbbing hard cock. It was so thick with lust for me now that my hands couldn't even fully close around it. "Stiff-cock me, baby!" I whined. "Feed me every thick, loving, pulsing inch of you. (Pause). NOW!"

He lovingly, eagerly skimmed my soaking-wet skimpy panties down my legs. Then he slid in slowly, carefully. I planted my feet on his bare ass and pushed down with all my might, forcing him in faster and harder. He pulled back out and then slammed down into me, down and down and down, inch after inch after thick, hard loving inch driving deep and hard into me now. "Mmmmmm!" I moaned. "I just LOVE your thrusting!"

That just encouraged him to fuck me even harder! I wasn't complaining, not at ALL. He slid forward, so that each thrust of his big, hard cock in and out of me pressed and rub against my hard, throbbing love nub. The friction was indescribably wonderful. Almost involuntarily, I began squeezing my pussy muscles tighter and ever tighter against his thick, pumping love muscle. The delectable friction had me shaking and moaning and screaming, and as I bucked my pelvis up high off the mattress, and moaned loudly, I gushed a thick love cream all over his eight-inch long shaft.

"COME with me!" I shouted, as I squeezed his thrusting cock and came very hard once more. With one final deep, hard thrust, he blasted his sweet, warm come all over my slick and slippery inner walls, causing me to come yet one more time. He moaned and panted, and for the longest time, we just held each other, our bodies shaking and spasming in a series of post-orgasmic mutual after-shocks, our breaths coming in short, panting gasps. 

When he finally slid out of me, the glistening beads of sweat, male come, and pussy juice coating the whole length of his still thick, hard shaft simply looked downright irresistible to me. So I leaned down over him, and began licking slowly, agonizingly slowly, upward from his balls to his cockhead. I kissed the very tip of his cock, then sucked it into my mouth, my tongue swirling and swirling all around his big, bulbous cockhead. Eagerly, hungrily I sucked inch after lovely throbbing inch of his stiff rod into my mouth, and slowly down my throat. As I sucked down more and more and more of him, he twitched, shook, and moaned. I felt so good, filling my mouth with his masculinity and hearing his appreciative moans over my talent for fellatio.

"I'm going to COME!" he moaned, so I sucked even harder and swirled my tongue frantically around his deeply-buried shaft. I wanted, I NEEDED him to come hard and fast and long into my mouth and blasting down my throat. He thrust upward into my throat, and a series of his hot blasts began to fill my mouth and coat my tongue. I gulped and gulped and gulped, savoring and swallowing every tasty, delicious drop. I just COULD not get ENOUGH of my man now!

Finally, we both calmed down, and as we slowly regained our composure, we gently kissed and hugged, winding-down in much the same way as you stretch to cool-down after an intense aerobics routine. 

When we awakened early the next morning, his hard cock was resting in the crack between my ass cheeks. Feeling him there, I began rocking my ass gently backward against his long, thick rod. He took the hint, and he began thrusting forward against my butt. His cock grew stiffer and stiffer as it rocked back and forth along the entire length of my ass crack. His hand reached across my hip and cupped my breast, his fingertips gently massaging my nipples until they became rock-hard. All the while, he kissed my shoulder-blades and my back, never missing a beat in massaging my breasts and rubbing his cock against my ass. His hand slowly moved down from my breast, to stroke my belly and play in my thick dark pubic hair. Then I felt it: one finger slowly slid into my pussy, another into my ass, and his thumb swirled and swirled and swirled all around my throbbing clit. I thrust my ass back harder and harder against his cock sliding back and forth along my ass crack. Moaning hard, I came all over his stroking finger. With one final slow thrust against my ass, he came all over my ass cheeks and lower back. His warm, thick ooze felt wonderful against the cool skin of my backside.

We lay like that for the longest time, his arm around my waist, his hand cupping my breasts, his warm kisses against my shoulders, his cock pressed up tight against my ass. Finally, we got up out of bed and headed for the shower. He stood behind me in the shower stall, kissing the side of my neck and pressing his cock up against my ass. As the hot, steamy shower cascaded down our naked bodies, he reached his hands around my waist and cupped my breasts in both hands, pinching and rubbing my big, hard nipples from behind. I reached around behind me, cupping his muscular butt in my hands and pulling him closer into my ass. I accidentally on purpose dropped the soap, and I bent forward to pick it up. He slid his hard cock into my ass, which was EXACTLY what I had hoped he would do, what I WANTED him to do. He slid his arm around my waist, and his finger into my hot, wet pussy. We stood up, and I spun around facing him. We slowly, lovingly lathered each other's chest, and washed down over each other's stomach. He slid his soapy finger into my pussy, washing out the residue of his fresh come and mine. I soaped-up his washcloth, and holding his cock in both hands, I lovingly washed our thoroughly-blended love juices off his cock, balls, and pubic hair. I poured some shampoo into my palm, and he into his palm, and we stood facing each other, lovingly, romantically washing each other's hair and admiring the soapy water slowly, sensuously oozing down each other's bare torso. The sight, the touch, was almost sensory overload for me!
