 It's 3:00 pm and the daily rain shower is looking imminent. What was searing sunlight beating down on us a half hour ago is now a light grey cloud cover that has lowered the temperature from 90 degrees and humid to 75 degrees and downright wet. Each breath seems labored when the humidity rises like this, but the cooler shade is welcome after hours of laying around in the sun. Every surface of our 36 foot Catalina is a combination of shiny white fiberglass and gleaming stainless steel, with the exception of the light green cockpit cushions we are laying on. 

It's amazing here. How did we get so lucky to find a secluded beach off Cave Cay. It's late in the season when the serious cruisers flock to Grand Bahama for their last outing of the year, but we haven't seen another soul in three days since we dropped anchor. In the six feet of water where we are moored, the water is so clear that it only looks six inches deep, and it doesn't actually appear blue unless you look out towards the horizon. The light breeze has the palms whisking lazily on shore, but it's dead silent out here. The water is so still that there isn't even the hypnotic sound of it clapping lightly against the hull. It is truly paradise.

I tip my head up to sip my cocktail and look over at you. Your brown skin glistening with a combination of sun tan lotion and beads of sweat. My god, you are so beautiful. Your body is such a perfect blend of voluptuous and sporty. I gaze at you from head to toe and back, your lovely firm calves and shapely muscular thighs, your tummy rising with each deep relaxing breath, your gorgeous fleshy breasts that are barely contained by your bathing suit top. I look at the definition of your arms and shoulders, the way your neck curves with your head tipped back so that the sun can tan the underside of your chin, your hair falling loosely back onto and off the edge of the cushion. The small freckles on your nose and cheeks. Your eyes are closed beneath your sunglasses but I don't think you're sleeping, and you don't know that I am staring at you.

Another sip and now I realize that I'm getting physically excited. I have made love to you so many times, so many ways, but the sight of you never ceases to inspire my lust. I roll over onto my side and set the drink down, propping my head with my hand and realizing too late that the exposed cushion is really HOT. I sit up quickly and rub the back of my arm, like that friction is supposed to cool it. After a moment, I'm back to looking at you, now more from above than before and I can see how the sweat and suntan oil as welled up in your belly button. Jesus, that is so sexy. My mind races with all kinds of delicious thoughts. I can feel myself becoming more aroused and I shift a little to align things.

I can see that your top has shifted exposing some white skin that is now very pink. I pick up the lotion and squirt some in my hands and rub them together. I gently begin to rub the lotion onto your pick flesh and you instantly laugh and swat my hands away. "God, perv. Don't you ever get enough?" 

"You're getting burned. And no." I respond as I attempt again to cover you with lotion.

You laugh and sit up, turning to face me and place your feet on the floor of the cockpit. Our knees are almost touching as you press your chin to your chest in an attempt to look down at your sunburn. I reach out and smear a little more lotion on you as you hook your top with your fingers and try to adjust it to cover to the tan line. Again you giggle and push my hands away, so I rub the remainder of the lotion on my own arms and chest. But I never take my eyes off you and my excitement continues to stir.

"Rain's coming. Probably less than fifteen minutes away now." you comment as you look up and around at the changing conditions. Half the time we just slip into the cabin for the half hour rain showers that roll through each day about this time, the other half the time we swim. The temperature of the rain water is almost the same as the 87 degree ocean water. It is totally comfortable to be out in. "Do you want to go in?"

"No, I just want to sit right here and look at you. Have I told you today that you're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen?"

"Only three or four times. And I appreciate each and every one, but you're not going to seduce me with that same line.", you say sarcastically, almost mocking yourself and leaning towards me with a sly smile.

"I'm not trying to seduce you. Just making a statement of fact." I say quietly as I lean towards you, our lips now only inches apart.

"Well thank your for your honesty. You're pretty handsome yourself" you whisper as you look into my eyes and lean closer still.

"You're only saying that because I said it first and you're trying to be polite" I whisper as I move my mouth past yours and close to your ear. Even more quietly, I whisper softly into your ear, "You don't have to lie to me. You know I'm all yours. Your wish is my command." and as the last word drifts from my lips, I slip my tongue out around your earlobe and suck gently as I sigh. You slump from the touch of my mouth on your ear and whimper softly. I love that you respond to me this way. My confidence soars each and every time I sense your arousal from my attention. The thought of such a strikingly gorgeous woman sharing such an intimate moment with me gives me such strength, no matter how many times you have devoted yourself to me, or how many times I have felt you melt in orgasmic bliss at my touch. It's the most satisfying feeling I have ever experienced.

Your lips move to mine and we kiss deeply, our tongues dancing deliciously as we share each others sighs of passion. Your hands reach up to hold my face to yours, your mouth pressing and sucking against mine, pulling my lower lip between your teeth as you look into my eyes with animal lust. I can feel my own excitement growing faster as you kiss me again, moaning and whimpering into my mouth. Your hands drop to my knees and spread my legs apart.

You look down and whisper, "Oh my goodness baby, you're getting a little burned too." and with deft motion, your left hand slipped my swim trunks up my leg exposing my erection. "You're gonna need some sun tan oil or else you'll burn" you say like a child with a pout on your face. You pick up the bottle of oil and squirt a huge amount into your hand. As you rub your hands together, the excess drips onto your thighs which I gladly rub in. Your hands softly wrap around my growing erection and begin to stroke it gently from the head as far up my shorts as you can reach. The scent of coconut strong in the air as you twist and stroke the shaft and head. I gasp at the sensation and lean back against the gunwales, my hands reach wide and gripping the stations, I look down at your hands stroking my rock hard cock with purpose. You look up at me and smile and my mind spins with desire.

"Oh baby, that feels so wonderful." I moan as you grip the shaft with one hand stroking long and full while the other hands glides in a circular motion over and around the swollen head. You release the shaft and wrap both hands around the base, squeezing firmly as you draw them towards the head. As your fists near the rim of the head, a large drop of precum pours out of the slit and onto the web of your hand that is wrapped around the rim. You giggle and moan in satisfaction as you look into my eyes with your mouth opening and descending on the swollen wet head of my cock. With a slurp, you slather the precum around with your tongue and then suck the head firmly into your mouth, your eyes never leaving mine. "Oh god baby, You're driving me crazy" I gasp as I feel your tongue flittering at the slit of my cock. "Mmmhmmm, that's the idea." You say in a muffled voice, your mouth still slurping at the head of my cock with both hands wrapped around the shaft and rim.

My mind is a blur as you lap and swirl your tongue over and around the head of my cock. The sensations are so intense that my entire body is tingling. As you increase the suction of your mouth around the head of my cock, your hands begin to stroke again, slow and light as you release your firm grip. One hand continues further down until you are massaging my balls while the other hands strokes long and smooth on my shaft. Your eyes are fixed on mine and you can see that your attention is taking it's toll. I am close and you know it, but you know just when I've had enough. You've seen that look of concentration on my face and you know just how much I can handle before you've gone too far.

Almost as if mother nature was watching too, the first drops of rain began to fall. One or two at first, landing on my chest and face, on your back... and the instant pricks of coolness brought me back from my impending orgasm as you "popped" your mouth from my cock and placed your hands on my thighs, my hard on jetting out into the air in front of you. I smiled and you giggled, then place your mouth over the head and again, "popped" off with a deep sucking sound. We both giggled and I sighed, "Ohhhh, that was close". You just looked into my eyes with that expression of confidence that tells me you knew exactly what you were doing.

I reach down to you, pulling you up onto my lap, your legs straddling me and my throbbing cock pressed between us as our mouths meet in a deep, wet kiss. You moan into my mouth as our tongues swirl together. My hands find the knots of your bikini bottoms and pull the ends, letting the strings drape down over my thighs. Your lovely round ass is so firm and tight. Years of gym work has rewarded you with the most amazing, muscular legs and ass. My fingers claw and knead your flesh as we kiss, sucking each others lips, nibbling each others necks and ears. 

The rain begins to fall heavier now... it's no longer a sprinkle, and we both know it is going to be a downpour in the next few minutes. Our bodies now completely wet with the cooling rain, we slip and slide against each other as you grind against me. I pull the bathing suit bottom from between us as you lift a bit, and when our flesh connects again the sensation is so amazing. What was rough fabric coarsely pressed between us is now the searing hot, slippery wet silkiness of your delicious pussy lips enveloping the underside of the shaft of my cock. Your hips begin their rhythmic rocking forward and back again, smearing your juices up and down my cock. 

"Oh baby, that feels wonderful.", I whisper as I kiss your neck. My hands now reaching around, pulling your cheeks apart as my fingertips explore.

"Can you feel how excited I am?" you respond as your fingers comb my wet hair back out of my face.

"Oh god yes!" I exclaim as I plant my lips on your mouth again and pull your hips firmly against me, forcing you hard against my raging erection. "I want you now baby. I can't wait any longer".

"Oh please, I need you inside me. Please, I need you to fuck me baby" you huff into my ear as you reach down between us and grab my cock, steering it into place and settling down onto me. The motion was so fast and smooth that my cock slipped deeply into your soaking wet pussy causing us both to gasp. You were desperate, rocking your hips at the bottom as if trying to take more of me into you, and at that moment, I felt the walls of your pussy wrenching and squeezing my cock through your first orgasm. Your legs locked in place and you howled in pleasure, frozen still as if to savor every moment. "Oh Jesus, you feel so good" you whisper into my ear as the waves of your orgasm subside, and now you begin the same rhythmic rocking of your hips.

You sit up straight and place your hands on my shoulders as you grind against my hips. I can't stop looking at your gorgeous face, your eyes clamped shut as you focus on fucking me, arching your back as you attempt to press my cock against your g-spot, riding my hardness with all your energy. I let my hands roam over your fleshy tits, peeling back your bathing suit top and pinching your nipples lightly. Without opening your eyes, you exhale hard as my pinch increases intensity, then a whimper as you grind me even faster.

"Fuck me Heather. C'mon baby, fuck me harder. I want to feel you cum again." I shout through the rain, the drops spattering against our bodies. I begin to rock my hips up into you, meeting your motion with mine. Your head tilts back as the rain pours down on your face and you begin to grunt aloud as I grab your hips and pump up into you. Suddenly you bounce on my cock, no longer rocking, but rather lifting up and then letting your weight drop you onto me again, impaling yourself on my rock hard erection. Each time your ass would clap against my thighs, you would grunt loudly and I knew you were close. And then you stopped. Your body froze as you clasped your arms around my shoulders and pulled your body hard against mine, your hips flexed against me with all your might as you held my cock deep inside you. The stillness only lasted a moment before you screamed out in ecstasy and again, I felt your pussy gripping my cock. The only sensation was your pussy writhing as your crushing orgasm washed through your body. Your breath coming in gasps as you dig your face into my neck. Your legs twitching as your body spasms. I could stay right here forever.