 When I woke, it was already light, and I was alone. I was erect, and aroused from an ill-remembered erotic dream. It had involved my lover, and others in erotic supporting roles. I lay, remembering and embellishing the dream, our previous night's activities, and our plans and fantasies. I played with my nipples, and stroked my erection, and almost reached tipping point on at least two occasions before holding back. It became clear that she was not returning soon, and it seemed a waste to play with myself, when we could be playing with each other.

I got up and, with some difficulty, fitted myself within my swimming briefs, and went outside. I wandered down to the beach, seeing no-one. On the beach, there was a couple lying on towels, about 70 metres away, and they appeared to be naked. But my lover was not in sight.

I remembered that she had mentioned an early swim in the pool, and I made my way through the palms and mangroves to the secluded pool we had been shown the previous day. As I cleared the trees, I saw her, lying on her front on a lounger across the pool from me. She lay, her head cradled on her arm, her other arm beneath her. She was wearing a bikini, but the top was undone. She appeared essentially naked, with a small triangle of material covering (most of) her buttocks, her long legs slightly apart and the aesthetic curve of her back looking very tempting , with her long hair falling over her shoulders. In profile, her full breasts spilled out of her loosened bikini top and swelled beneath her. The sight of her almost naked body in the sun instantly stirred me again, and my erect cock strained against the confines of my swimming briefs. I determined to pace myself, and thought that perhaps offering to oil her body with suntan oil might help her to reach the state of arousal that I had already reached.

There were bottles of oil with the towel supply, and I picked one up on my way to her. As I got close, I greeted her heartily,

" There you are. We missed you when we woke up."

She looked up at me and smiled warmly,

" It's nice here, join me."

Her eyes moved from my face to my obvious excitement, and her smile broadened.

"Shall I oil you?" I asked.

She looked up at my face again, still smiling, and nodded. I sat on the side of the lounger, and began to rub the oil into her shoulders, working my way down her back, and reaching to her sides, caressing the side of her wonderful breasts, eliciting a quiet moan of pleasure from her. I oiled down to the level of her bikini bottom, and then stopped. I stood up, and noted a moan and wriggle of protest. I moved to the bottom of the lounger and began to oil her ankles and calves. I moved up to the back of her knees (another moan of appreciation). As I moved on to her thighs, her legs spread wider, and this confirmed what I had been suspecting for a while. She was stroking her clit, quite rapidly.

I let out an involuntary moan as my pent up arousal saw its reflection in her movements. She was clearly close to completion, and, not wanting to disrupt her pleasure, I released my hard cock from the constraints of my briefs, and lay on top of her, pressing her into the lounger, my hard cock pressed between her buttocks, through her bikini, and began to nibble and kiss her ear, whispering,

"Come my love, come with me..."

As I lay on her she moaned more loudly, and with my whispered encouragement she slid over the slope and, pushing her buttocks up against my cock, she came, hard and long.

I lay on her until she had recovered a little, and then I got up. I knew what she would expect now, and I determined to do something different. I reached down and slid her bikini pants down and off. I slapped her lightly and affectionately on the bum, and told her to turn over. As she did so, I stepped out of my already inadequate briefs, and stood before her, erect and ready. She lay before me, naked, legs apart, and wriggling in anticipation. I knew she expected me to lie on her, and fuck her, but I had other plans.

I spread suntan oil on my hands, and began to rub it into her, starting at her shoulders, and working down, around, and then over her big magnificent breasts, as she moaned with pleasure. Down, around her belly, to the line of her pubic hair. Her hips were moving, her legs apart, silently pleading for me to take her. I stopped rubbing, and moved down to her feet, and worked my way up her legs, oiling her, until I reached the top of her thighs. She was whimpering and breathing heavily, and her legs were stretched apart.

"Fuck me please," she breathed, and began to massage her tits and squeeze her hard oily nipples.

I smiled at her, and walked up the side of the lounger, bent over and kissed her hard on the mouth.

"Be patient," I said.

I stood behind her at the end of the lounger, and then kneeled on it, one knee on each side of her head, my very erect cock swaying like a snake above her face, my balls tight beneath it. I leaned forward, and buried my face in her pubic hair, and then in her wet and welcoming pussy. I began to lick and suck her clit, adjusting my position so that I could slide two fingers into her pussy and fuck her. My cock was sliding over and between her oily tits and she reached up to squeeze them together, letting me fuck the oiled hole my cock was filling between her wonderful big tits.

We caught the rhythm and I began to suck in time with my stokes, and she moved against me and squeezed her tits together, as I fucked her with my fingers. We moved faster, and harder, oblivious to our surroundings, beyond reason and lost in the pleasure of the moment. I heard her moan loudly, and stiffen and shudder and push her pussy and clit against my mouth and come loudly into my balls. Two strokes more and I too came, squirting my come over her belly. I collapsed on her for a moment, and then slowly recovered. She was kissing my tight balls, and with a final kiss of her pussy, I got up, my oiled prick still tumescent, and went to grab two towels. I threw one onto her, and wrapped the other around myself.

"Shall we go back to the room?" I asked, "it might be more comfortable."

She smiled, and without a word, got up, wrapped the towel around herself, gathered up her bikini and my briefs, and, taking my hand, led me back towards our room. We met and greeted another couple on the way to the pool, who returned our smiles and greetings very warmly. We wondered whether we had had a lucky escape from discovery, or whether they had come to the pool earlier, and watched us, and discreetly kept away until we had finished. Either way, it added another frisson to our excitement.

When we were back in the room, or rather on the veranda, we slipped our towels off, and held each other close, her oiled body slippery and sensual, though my drying come on her belly was scratchy. I was not yet recovered from my orgasm, but she was obviously ready for more, and her pussy was yet to be filled by more than my fingers this morning (as far as I knew).

"You need your rabbit," I suggested.

"Mmmm...." she responded, rubbing her oiled tits against me.

I pulled away, and I cleared as much oil off my cock as I could with a light cloth. Holding her hand, I brought her into the bedroom. I left her while I sought out the rabbit from the case. When I turned around, she was kneeling on the bed, facing me. One hand was on the bed, holding her up, while the other was kneading her big oiled breasts, and squeezing and pulling at her nipples.

"Do you want him to fuck you?" I asked, life returning to my cock, as it stretched and became heavy.

"I want to suck your cock." She said, opening her mouth wide in invitation, and wiggling her hips.

"He is standing behind you. He is big and hard. Do you want him to fuck you?"

I moved closer to her, swinging my semi- erect cock in front of her face.

"Yes," she breathed, "I need to be fucked. I need to suck you."

I moved closer, my excitement bringing solidity and stiffness back to my cock. I held it and guided it towards her mouth, and she took the head into her mouth straight away, caressing the under surface vigorously with her tongue. Her hips were no longer wiggling; they were pumping rhythmically, her pussy desperate for fulfillment. I leaned over her and, switching on the rotating shaft of the rabbit, said,

"He's going to fuck you now."

I plunged the rabbit deep into her and she cried out into my cock in her mouth. I almost withdrew the rabbit and then began to rhythmically fuck her with it. She moaned and pushed back against it, raising one hand to squeeze her nipples, and losing concentration on my cock in her mouth.

"He's fucking you, fucking you hard. Suck my cock while he fucks you." I said to her.

The big rotating cock now deep in her pussy, her hand squeezing her nipples, my cock in her mouth, and my voice, soon brought her over the top and she came loudly, before collapsing in front of me. She still knelt, but her head was on the bed, her bum and pussy still in the air, the rabbit still churning inside her.

I was very hard and erect again from all the excitement. The sight of her pussy being penetrated by a big noisy toy was too much for me. I needed to fuck her now. I switched the orgasm machine off, and pulled it out of her. She moaned in protest, and I told her,

"I want to fuck you now."

"Oh yes, fuck me please..." she breathed in anticipation.

"Suck his cock," I told her placing the big plastic cock by her head.

I moved round behind her, and slid deep into her hot and aroused pussy. I gasped at her warm, wet, enveloping heat, and she moaned as my hardness penetrated her. She moved her head, and took the plastic cock head, wet with her juices, into her mouth, as I began to pump her purposefully. I moved one hand to rub her clit, and, very quickly, my cock pumping into her pussy, my hand pleasuring her clit, and she squeezing her nipples, she came again. I did not stop, and another orgasm soon followed.

I stopped pumping, and she slid down to lie on the bed, my cock sliding out as she did so. I lay on top of her oiled body, and licked and kissed and sucked her earlobe.

"If we keep this up, we'll have no energy left for other adventures." I whispered.

"Who cares," she murmured indistinctly, "This is wonderful."

We lay for a while, and then we got up and showered together, washing and caressing each other, and, talking about what we should do today, and the potential for more excitement. We talked about what we had done at the pool, and whether we had been watched. We both liked the idea of being watched, and of watching others, and of watching each other with others.

Eventually we got out of the shower, both of us, I think, aroused again by the sensuality of washing each other, and the excitement of our conversation. I was beginning to wonder if there was something about this place: the warmth, the perfumed air, perhaps what they put in the water; that was aphrodisiac. I had certainly been feeling almost constantly aroused since our arrival, and she seemed equally so. 

When we dried ourselves after the shower, she put on a small bikini, and covered herself with a wrap. I put on my swimming briefs and a tee shirt. We agreed it was time to be sociable, and that we would have breakfast at the central restaurant area. And so we did.