 ***Please do not post this story at any other site without the author's permission.***< />

Tails of a Headhunter Ch. 02: Trouble

She knew from the moment she laid eyed on him that he was going to be trouble. Standing just slightly taller than she, he was about the sexiest thing she had seen in a while. His smile, sexy, with a hint of mischievousness in it. Eyes that laughed when he did. She knew he was trouble, but he was the kind of trouble she was looking for.

She knew there was an attraction on both sides, and she took full advantage of it. Every chance she got, she threw him hints that she wanted him sexually. The day he told her he wanted to see her tits was the day she went after him seriously. Oh yeah, he'd see them and more as far as she was concerned. All she had to do was wait for the right moment. When it came, she told him, "It's now or never!"

He followed. They met at a deserted park, late at night. He told her he couldn't fuck her, but she knew he would…

They stood kissing, passions running wild. Hands touching each other's bodies. Exploring each other. Both knowing it was forbidden; neither able to stop.

"We shouldn't be doing this," he panted in her ear.

"I know," she gasped, hands sliding lower on him. She caressed his rock, hard cock through his jeans. He groaned softly in her ear, dropping his head to kiss her neck. She unzipped his jeans, reaching in to pull out his cock. She turned him so that his back was to the waist high cement table. "Lay back," she murmured in his ear.

He sat down and lay back. She grabbed his jeans and slid them down over his hips. Stepping around the table, she was once again at his head. She began kissing his lips, tongue probing, touching his. Her hand dropping to his cock, caressing, keeping him hard until she could work her way down…

She lifted his shirt and touched her lips to his nipple. She ran her tongue over it once or twice, then gently sucked it into her mouth.

Her tongue was like a torch to him, burning everywhere it touched. His nipple, down the center of his chest, his belly. The whole time, teasing him with strokes from her hand around his cock. He lay with his eyes closed, fingers laced behind his head. He was enjoying this. He let her do her thing.

Her hand still stroking him, her lips kissed the head of his cock. She moved her hand further down as her mouth took him greedily. She pulled at him, sucking, trying to take all of him. She stopped, her hand slipping down to cup his balls. She dropped her face down into his crotch and sucked first one and then the other of his balls into her mouth, as groans of pleasure issued from him.

Smiling, she raised her head and took him in her mouth again. Slowly working up and down, she almost brought him to a climax, but she stopped before he came. Raising her head to look up at him, she asked, "Will you give me what I want?"

"

Yes!" he panted. "Please finish it!"

She bent and took him in her mouth again. He was throbbing, needing to release. Slowly, she took him, opening her throat for all of him. He was buried in her, her lips at the base of his cock. Sliding back up, she tightened her lips around his cock, pulling slightly on him. She quickened her pace until he was panting. Suddenly, he arched and let go. His release was strong and hot. She stayed until she had the last drop from him.

He lay spent on the cement table. She was kissing him, his stomach, his chest, neck. "My God! Where did you learn to do that?" he asked

She just smiled up at him. She had dropped her hand to his thigh and was sliding it up. She had him in her hand again. He was soft, but it wouldn't take her long. He would be ready to go again.

He sat up, then slid off the table and took her in his arms. He kissed her, thanking her silently for what she had done for him. He let his hands slide down over her body and undid her jeans. He slid them down over her hips. Pushing her back to the table, he told her, "Lie back!" He ran his hand up her thigh between her legs, caressing the dark mat of her snatch. Laying his hand flat, he slid his finger into the gap between her pussy lips.

She responded with a moan, arching her hips, trying to guide him into her darkest spot. He slid his finger back and forth over her clit, feeling her arch toward him, wanting, needing more. Finally, he slid his finger into her. Hearing her whimper, he asked her, "Yeah…that's where you want it, isn't it?"

"Yessss…" she hissed, just as she came. He slid his finger in and out a few more times, then pulled out.

"What do you want?" he asked.

"I need you to fuck me!" she whispered, hoarse with passion.

He stepped into her, already hardening. He lay his cock in the softness of her cunt. She reached down to touch him, feeling his cock jump in anticipation. She took the head and guided it between her legs, rubbing it along her clit, into her wetness. He pushed into her, wanting inside, but she wouldn't let him just yet.

Finally, when she could stand it no longer, she guided him into her. She was hot, wet and tight. She gave a small yelp as he pushed himself into her. She was silken inside to him. He rocked gently, moving slowly in and out of her. He said he wasn't going to do this, but now that he found himself inside of her, he couldn't stop. He slid in and out smoothly, hearing small cries of pleasure from her. As she began to meet him, stroke for stroke, he began to thrust harder. Soon, he was slamming into her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to hold him in her. Suddenly, he stopped.

"Hold still!" he told her.

She did. He laced his fingers through her fingers and took her hands over her head. Holding her hands down, he began again, driving deep into her.

"Ride me, baby!" she cried out, every nerve ending in her body tingling. Just before she came, he pulled out of her.

"Come here!" he said, urgently.

She slid off the table and stood before him. He grabbed her roughly and spun her around, facing away from him. "Lean over!" he told her.

She leaned over the table as she felt him guide himself back into her. He was gentle at first, but soon began to pick up his pace. She emitted small grunts at first. As he got rougher, pushing deeper, she began clawing at the cement. Soon, he was hitting it so hard that she was almost coming up off the ground with each thrust.

With his hands on her hips, he thrust one last time, burying himself in her. Both of them cried out together as their climaxes became one.

She lay face down on the table, with his body draped over her. They lay this way until he went completely soft. It wasn't until then that he finally pulled out of her. Exhaling loudly, he told her, "I didn't want to do that, but I knew how badly you needed it."

"Yeah, I did…thanks," she told him softly. She reached to pull him closer. She kissed him long and hard. When they released one another, they began putting on their clothes.

They walked, arms encircling one another to their cars. When they reached her car, he kissed her again, telling her it couldn't ever happen again…

October 12, 1998

Please send comments to the link below.