 The following morning we did what we had agreed in bed the previous evening. This was after a very pleasant sociable evening in the restaurant area. Our blonde friend and her partner were not there, but their friends, the couple we had been talking to earlierin the week, were. We spent the evening with them, and learned that it was their first time here too. 

We had spoken as two couples, and had also split into two alternative couples, when the heat of the evening became even more intense. The woman turned me on enormously, not only her olive skin, full breasts and unfeasibly long legs, but also her warm smile, directed, it felt, only at me, and her dark, intense eyes which looked, unveiled, into mine. My lover was, I thought, having a similarly intense experience with the man. We had not really considered this possibility when we had come to dinner, and neither, it appeared, had they. No one seemed to be able to make the obvious suggestion, and the evening ended with an overall air of unstated disappointment, as we returned to our respective rooms.

We were both very aroused by the evening, and without words, we stripped, and I led her onto the balcony, and, lying back on a lounger, held my erect cock vertical in invitation. She giggled, 

"... and you say I am insatiable,"

... before taking most of me into her mouth, while rubbing her nipples on my thighs.

"I love you.'' I breathed through my pleasure. '' I want to fuck you."

She moved up, climbed astride me, and lowered herself onto me until I was deep inside her.

"Oh god, I love your cock in me, I want to stay like this forever...' 

She leaned forward,

''Suck my tits, please."

With one hand pressing down on her buttocks, and the other squeezing a nipple, I sucked her other nipple as she moaned and began to move on me in time with my thrusts. I brought my hand around and squeezed her big beautiful tits together and with both nipples in my mouth, I sucked hard. She came hard, almost immediately. 

With her body collapsed against me, I continued to pump into her, pressing her buttocks and sliding one hand between them to tease her back hole. She moaned and began to move once more, coming as I slipped a finger in back. She raised herself and rode my cock desperately, as I sucked her tits hard, until she came once more. When she recovered herself a little she nuzzled into my ear, sucked hard on my lobe, then whispered,

"I'm so lucky to have you. I love you so much.''

" I love you too," I replied, " and all this other stuff, exciting as it is, is only making my love stronger.''

"Yes,'' she said thoughtfully, "a large part of the excitement is because you are there, or I am thinking of telling you about it. It is actually more about us than the others. Is that bad? Though I really do like them."

"You like our friends, because we have got to know them. I do too, and want to consummate something with her, soon. And you do with him, don't you?''

"He's very sexy.'' she replied coyly.

I slapped her lightly on the bum, and said,

"Come on, let's have a bath".

My, by now limpish, cock slid out of her as she got up. While the open air bath was running, we stood naked at the edge of the balcony.

"Will all this change the way you think about me," she said quietly, almost to herself.

I pulled her around to face me, holding her face in both my hands, and said, quietly but intensely.

"I love you. I will always love you. You're part of me. Your pleasure is my pleasure."

She pressed hard against me and held me tight.

"And you?" I continued, "will this change the way you feel about me?"

Her voice, muffled against me, said,

"I love you so much, this is only making me love you more."

I pulled her face up and kissed her hard on the mouth, our naked bodies pressed against each other causing me to stir once more. Soon, she lay back in my arms in the bath, and we sat there, silent and companionable. When we got out we dried each other and then made our way to bed. As we got into bed, I said quietly,

"I want her tomorrow."

She was silent for a moment, and then she said,

"He told me that he goes for an early morning walk on the beach at dawn, while she is still in bed. You could go and see her then, and I will go and meet him on the beach, and bring him back here.''

The flash of jealousy at the thought of her and him together soon passed, but the thickness of her voice as she said this betrayed her own desire, anticipation and excitement at the thought.

"We will need to put a time limit on it," I said, thinking about the logistics.

"Let's agree a time to meet for breakfast," she said. "Then there will be little danger of us interrupting each other."

I was unsure about her enthusiasm for all this, but very excited at the thought of separate early morning adventures. And I did desire the woman a great deal. We agreed that we would meet at breakfast, in the restaurant at 8 o'clock, which would give us the best part of two hours from dawn to do whatever we wished. We agreed that that I would not return to our room before that time, and that she would do it her best go to ensure that he did not return to their room in that period. Having agreed on undertaking a new adventure, separately this time, she moved against me and I slid my leg between hers. 

"So," she said, "tell me what you're going to do with her in the morning."

And I told her what I planned to do, and she came against my leg as I came in my story with my morning companion. I then suggested what she could do with her companion, and as she came twice more. We went to sleep in each other's arms.

In the morning I was wakened by a kiss, or rather by the electric sensation of a tongue and two lips running up the length of my morning erection, culminating in a sucking kiss of my head. I was awake. She stood up next to the bed, already wrapped in a sarong that but with nothing else as a far as I could see, or feel.

"Come on, time to move out. The sun is coming up, and I don't want to miss him on the beach."

My immediate thought was that I would be quite content to stay with my lover in bed and do it all in fantasy. But it was clear that she was eager to go, and her excitement at the thought of what she was about to do communicated itself to me. I, too, got quickly excited in anticipation of what I might be able to do very soon.

I got up and wrapped a sarong around me, my erection very obvious. My lover had already left to make her way to the beach, and I made my way to their room, where the object of my desire might well be still asleep. It was only when I was nearly at their room that I realised that my lover had the best part of the deal. It would be easy to meet someone on the beach, and then seduce them. But to actually go into someone's bedroom and to attempt to seduce them there, was of a different order. With greater trepidation that I had expected to feel, I climbed the steps to the balcony/ verandah of their home.

Their accommodation was similar to ours: a large verandah with an open air bath at one end, a table with four chairs, and two loungers. Inside, I was sure, there was a iiving area, and a spacious bedroom with a huge bed and mirrored walls. As I neared the top of the stairs I noticed that there was a pair of powerful binoculars on a tripod facing the beach and the sea. I only paid fleeting attention to them because as I reached the level of the balcony, I saw her.

She was naked, lying back on a lounger with the back slightly raised, almost facing me directly. Her dark hair was tousled, her eyes shut, her mouth slightly open. Her hands were stroking her full breasts, her dark nipples hard under her stroking thumbs. Her legs were wide apart, her feet on either side of the lounger. Between her legs a rabbit was churning, and her hips were moving as she basked in the pleasure of its attentions. I became rock hard as I watched her begin to move her head from side te side, a moan escaping her parted lips, her whole body beginning to quiver and stiffen. Her fingers and thumbs tugged at her nipples, as her hips began to move more rapidly and then, with a series of cries, her hips raised high, and her big tits crushed in her hands, she came.

A dribble of excitement escaped my seriously excited and throbbing erection. I desperately wanted to spend myself in this very sexually aroused being in front of me. I was not sure, though, how to proceed. How do I make my presence known?

"You come very nicely," did not seem like a good opening line. 

She was recovering herself, and she reached down and switched off the rabbit and withdrew it, her eyes still closed.

" You were watching, weren't you." she said quietly, her eyes still shut, ''Did you like it? I hope you did, it was for you."

Overcoming my astonishment, l began to reply,

"I did..."

...Before realising that she may not be talking to me, and fading to silence.

"Good," she said, opening her eyes and smiling her warm smile at me. " I saw you coming along the path, so I thought you might like to see me coming too. I was hoping you would be here this morning. He is expecting to see her on the beach. And I'm all yours for the next hour. Bring that big hard dick over here..."

This was not going the way I had anticipated: not a lot of seduction needed from me. She sat up on the lounger, and then kneeled on it, her head at its foot. 

"I have been thinking a lot about your dick," she said, "Let me see it.''

I stood in front of her, unwrapped my sarong, and freed my stiff, very erect and slightly pulsating cock, a glisten of moisture at its mouth. 

"Mmm... Nice...'' she said quietly, reaching out to grasp it tightly, and pulling it toward her mouth. 

She kissed my shaft before licking its length and then taking my tight balls into her mouth, one at a time, and sucking hard. The pleasure was exquisite, and I felt the pre orgasmic pressure building, I could not last long. 

"Suck me, i'm coming ..." I gasped. 

She held me tight at the base of my prick, and took my head in her mouth and sucked deeply before releasing the base of my cock. Freed, I ejaculated copiously into her mouth, rope after rope. She held me loosly in her mouth, swallowing my come, and breathing gently on my super sensitive head, until I was compos mentis again.

I stood above her and told her how good it had been. She released me from her mouth and looked up at me. 

"Will you return the favour?'' she asked, rolling onto her back on the lounger.

It would have been churlish to refuse, so I knelt down on the decking, lifted her legs over my shoulders, and buried mg face in her hot wet centre, quickly finding the hard knob of her clit. I reaohed up and pulled on her hard nipples and she moaned and began to thrust ever faster against my mouth. I squeezed her big tits in my hands and sucked hard on her clit, rubbing my tongue rapidly on its sensitive tip. Her back arched, and her hips thrust uncontrollably as she came, hard, into my mouth.

I disentangled myself, and sat back on the floor, watching as she recovered herself. Giving her such obvious pleasure had stiffened my resolve once more, and I knew that I would be able to pleasure her again with my hard cock as soon as she was ready.

She opened her eyes at last, and, raising her head and smiling warmly at me, she said, 

"That's quite a skill you have there, you have a very lucky lady."

"We do alright," I replied, " but I don't think we are done here yet..."

"No," she said, getting up and moving the lounger to the tripod with the binoculars, "I want to see what's happening on the beach."

She knelt up on the lounger, her eyes to the binoculars, one hand holding her up, the other stroking her tits. 

"Put your dick in me." she whispered, 'I can see them."

I knelt behind her on the lounger, and after rubbing my cock around her wet and swollen lips, I slid my full length into her, and reaohed round and began to stroke her clit. She moaned and began to move against me.

''What do you see?" I asked, as I thrust slowly into her.

"She's sucking him... He's holding her head... she's sucking him... Fuck me hard, she's sucking him.:. Oh yes... "

She left the binoculars, and put her head on the lounger, pulling on her nipples with both hands as l pumped hard and fast into her, clutching her hips. The excitement of fucking someone new who was getting excited both by my fucking and by watching my lover suck hers was extreme. It was for her too, and she quickly came. I did not stop.

"I'm fucking you... He's going to come in her mouth." 

As I thought, my relentless pumping and just those few words were enough te take her over the top again, and she came with a series of loud cries. I was breathless, as was she, and I paused for a little, my cock still hard inside her.

She knelt up again, her eyes once more to the binoculars.

"Are they fucking?" I asked, beginning to move slowly inside her. 

She moved one hand down to stroke her clit.

"Yes," she breathed," She's bending over. He's fucking her hard from behind. Fuck me hard too..''

I remembered my lover and I on the beach the first evening, when I fucked her hard from behind as she bent over. I redoubled my efforts with the highly sexed woman in front of me, and she came twice more, eyes on binoculars and fingers playing arpeggios on her clit. I stopped once more, remaining hard inside her.

Part of me wanted to look through the binoculars, and watch my lover, but a larger part did not. Second hand voyeurism was good enough for me, when I was so fully occupied with my present company.

"They are going," she said suddenly, her eyes still on the binoculars. 

"They'll be going to our room," I informed her. "that's what we agreed.''

She turned her head to look at me, her eyes probing into mine. 

"You agreed ,'' she echoed.

"Yes, we agreed that she would meet him on the beach, and take him back to our room, and I would come here. We will meet at breakfast at eight.''

"How very organised," she said thoughtfully. "so we have more time. That's good. Shall we go inside to bed?"

We disentangled and, after picking up her rabbit, she led me inside to a bedroom very similar to our own. 

"You don't mind technology, do you?'' she asked, waving the rabbit and pointing to a bag containing other toys, only some of which I recognized.

"Whatever you like." I replied.

"Watch me, then I'll tell you what I want."

She lay back on the bed and attached plastic nipple clamps, wired up to vibrate, and inserted the rabbit into her pussy. She switched on the clamps and her big full breasts began to quiver as the vibrations pulsed through her stiff long nipples. She reached down and switched on the rabbit ears, guided them to her clit, and moaned aloud as they began to pleasure her. I was extremely hard and I could feel that I was ready to come again, in the right place. I stroked my solid erection as I watched her wriggle and. quiver with electronic pleasure, until she reached down and set the rabbit to churning in her pussy. She whimpered, arched her back, thrust out her quivering tits and came with a series of cries, her legs spreading wide before closing around the rabbit as the waves of her orgasm subsided. This woman was nearly as sexy as my lover.

Without switching off any of her devices, she turned onto her stomach, reached into her toy bag and threw a tube of lubricant to me.

"Fuck me in the ass," she instructed.

I was not going to debate the issue, if that's what she wants... I lubricated her back passage with my fingers, fitting one, then two, then three inside without difficulty. She was no stranger to this activity. I lubed my hard and eager erection and, kneeling above her, I began to ease myself into her. 

The sensation was unlike any I had known. She was practised at being taken in the arse, and I slid in deep, easier than I ever had before. That was one new sensation. Holding myself up with my hands, my wrists pressed against the sides of her vibrating breasts. This was another new sensation. But by far the newest, and most stimulating, sensation was the feel of the churning rabbit in her pussy, moving against my cock through the thin wall of flesh separating us.

"Oh yes, your big hard dick's in my ass, fuck me hard, come in me," she urged, wriggling beneath me, lost in her multiple pleasures. 

I began to move inside her tight arse, pumping vigorously. Knowing that I was only one factor in her experience did not detract from the extreme pleasure in my cock which radiated out to my whole body, and I lost myself in the moment, hearing her in the distance saying, 

''Fuck me hard, I'm coming ..." 

before stiffening and crying out as she did so. I felt the contractions of her orgasm and redoubled my speed, knowing that I would not stop until... She came again, and then once more, crying out and urging me to come. My balls tightened, l pumped harder and faster and I came hard and deep in her arse. She came once more, just after I did. I lay on her back, my cock slowly detumescing inside her, as she began to switch off her sex machines. The rabbit ears first, churning next (and another new sensation for my cock) and finally her nipple clamps. 

We lay together in silence for a few moments, then she said, quietly 

"Your lover is a lucky woman." 

"And yours is a lucky man," I said, meaning it. She was very sexy.

"He prefers my ass, and I like it too now, with assistance." She paused, "but you have reminded me that there are other ways of enjoying yourself." she paused again. "Thank you." 

"You're very, very sexy, this has been amazing. Ahhh..." She had tightened her muscles, holding my softening cock inside her.

"Just a last squeeze" she said, before wriggling under me, and releasing me. 

I got up, and helped her to remove her accoutrements. 

"There's still time,"she said,"do you want a shower?"

I agreed, and we showered together outside, washing each other and once, followed by mutual embarrassment, we kissed deeply. We stood naked on the balcony, and I dried myself and wrapped mg sarong around me. 

"See you later?" I said, as I prepared to leave.

"Perhaps," she said, flashing that warm smile at me.

And I left her, and went to breakfast.