 Amanda had just given me a terrific blowjob, easily the best I'd had in a long, long time. I like it when a girl shows a lot of enthusiasm and uses a lot of suction. Maybe it's an age thing, but I really need a lot of tongue and suction to be able to get to an orgasm. I think some girls are afraid they'll hurt the guy's cock. Maybe they don't know there needs to be some friction involved to get the guy to cum. Fortunately for me, Amanda either understood that or was just very eager.

I looked down at her kneeling at my feet. Even with her smeared makeup she was a beautiful sight! There's something about a fair skinned redhead that really gets to me, especially a naked one that gives great head. I guess she didn't realize she didn't have to beg me to stay.

"You really want me to stay here tonight, Amanda?"

Smiling as she looked up at me, she replied, "Not just tonight, but that's a start. Will you? I'll make us some dinner in a little while and we can get better acquainted, if you know what I mean."

"I'd like that, but you may have to cut me some slack. I'm not as young as I once was and I may not be able to get as acquainted as you'd like." 

"Oh, don't worry! I'm sure you know how to use your fingers, and I have a few toys we can play with. Besides, I'll bet you'll be hard again sooner than you think."

I pulled her up from the floor, wrapped my arms around her waist and kissed her. She reached behind her back and pushed my hands down to her soft but toned ass cheeks. She stopped our kiss and said, "I hope you like playing back there. It's been a very long time since anybody other than myself has touched me there."

"Oh! Do you play with yourself there?"

"Of course! I'm a firm believer in, if it feels good, do it. And having something touching or filling my ass feels very good!"

"No worries, Amanda. Your gorgeous ass was one of the first things I noticed."

"So, that means you like anal sex?" she asked.

"Oh, yes! Yes, I do."

"Good! But I haven't had anything as big as your cock inside my butt since, well, never! My ex wasn't as thick or as long as you, and my little butt toy is a lot skinnier, so you're going to have to let me work up to it before you start fucking my ass every time you want."

Just the thought of having a girl who actually admitted to enjoying anal sex was very appealing to me, but to have one so pretty who wanted me to do it often was extra exciting. I tried not to show that excitement, but when she moved one of my hands in between her cheeks and guided my fingers to the rim, my cock started to rise and pressed up into her pussy lips.

She sighed as I gently pressed a finger against the opening and let me toy with it for a few seconds before she bit her lip gently and said, "I think we need to have a bite to eat before we get too involved there. Once my little ass hole gets aroused, I won't want to do anything else tonight!" With my cock still pressing up against her pussy lips, she squeezed her thighs together and drenched my cock with her wetness. "Let me lick that off you and then I'll get started on dinner. Do you like rib eye steaks?" 

She eased herself back to her knees, dragging her tits down over my chest and stomach, and then allowed my cock to slide in between them before she licked all around the shaft and sucked the head into her mouth. As her tongue swirled around the head I replied, "Uh, yeah, steaks would be great."

She let the head pop out of her mouth and just before she started licking my balls she asked, "A small salad and pussy for dessert?"

Her tongue darted towards the crack of my ass and then back to my balls as I answered, "That's wonderful - whatever is handy for you."

She carefully moved her mouth farther under me and said, "This is handy" a split second before she pushed her tongue up between my cheeks. "I hope you like a good rim job 'cause I love giving my man as much pleasure as I can."

"Am I your man?"

She backed out from between my thighs, looked up at me and replied, "As far as I'm concerned, yes, you are. Is that okay with you?"

"Oh, definitely!" I responded. "As long as I'm your only man."

I helped her back up and she hugged me, pressing her big tits tightly against me. "You're my only man. You just tell me everything I can do to keep you happy, and I do mean everything!" 

She then stood up on her toes and kissed me on my nose, took me by the hand and led me into the kitchen. Once there she turned around to face me and said, "I mean it. I want you to be happy with me. If there's something you want me to do to you, or something you want to do with me, tell me. If you don't, you may never get whatever it is you're wanting. Oh, and whenever we have some privacy, whenever you want me to suck you or you want to fuck me, you go right ahead. But until my ass hole gets used to your cock, please let me be in control of that. I don't want you ripping me a new one! Okay?"

Listening in disbelief, I told her that was alright with me.

"Okay! she replied. "I hope you don't mind, but as soon as I get home, I like to get naked. With you around, I'd probably soak through my pants if I had any on. I hope that's alright with you. I guess I could put on a robe or something if you insist."

Still listening in disbelief, I responded, "Amanda, if you want to be naked around me, I'm certainly not going to protest. But it's going to be extremely difficult for me to keep my hands off you, much less my cock out of you." 

Amanda stood in the middle of the kitchen, smiling like a little kid looking at all her presents under the tree on Christmas morning. Her nipples were hard and pointed directly at me. She wiped her fingers between her pussy lips and held them out for me to see. "Look what you do to me!" There was a long, clear, glistening string of her juice extending from her pussy to her fingers. She held her fingertips to her mouth and sucked them clean before hopping up onto the counter and spreading her thighs open.

I wasn't sure if she wanted me to fuck her or what, but I was eager to discover how she tasted. "Lie back, girl," I told her. 

I spread her legs open some more and then parted her lips and pushed back her clit hood. I leaned down and sucked her clit into my mouth and rubbed the edge of my teeth over it lightly. Her body jerked as she yelled out, "Oh, fuck yes!" she jerked a few more times then flooded my face. Licking as quickly as I could, I then pushed two fingers inside her pussy and pressed up on her G-spot. Her orgasms continued as I pressed up and stroked in and out slowly and deliberately. Unintelligible sounds gurgled up from her throat as I kept forcing her to cum. When she pounded on my head and begged me to stop, I finally gave her rest.

Standing up I half-jokingly said, "My goodness! You cum easily!" 

When she caught her breath she told me, "I never did in the past, but there's something about you that does it for me. I get wet when you look at me and even wetter when you speak to me. Thinking about what you might do to me makes me soak my panties. Sometimes I wonder if I'd cum if you told me what you plan to do to me."

I grinned as I pondered the possibilities, imagining that I called her at work and made her cum while I talked to her on the phone. I decided to do a quick test to see what, if anything would happen if I tried to make her cum by telling her my plans for later.

"Well, Amanda, my horny little slut." I paused to see if I got a reaction.

Her eyes got wide as she sat up quickly and let her feet fall over the edge of the counter. Her nipples hardened again as she waited for what I was about to say.

"If you show me how you like to play with your butt toy, I'll shove my cock so far up your ass it'll tickle the back of your throat. And I'll fuck you hard until my cum drips out of your nose."

I was about to start laughing because of what I'd said when I noticed how heavily she was breathing. There was a tiny waterfall of her juice spilling over the edge of the counter. I continued with my monologue. "Just look at you, you naughty slut! Look at the mess you've made! I'm going to have to spank you for that right after you clean it up with your tongue!"

Instead of looking at me in shock, she hopped off the counter and started licking up the puddle she'd made. She got down on the floor and licked where it had dripped and then stood up and leaned across the counter with her beautiful round ass pointed at me. Her thighs were coated with her juices as were her puffy pussy lips. There was long pause and then she said, "I'm sorry sir, did you want me to get your belt?"

I wasn't sure what to say, so I said nothing.

"Did you want something else? A wooden spoon or a ruler?" she asked quite shakily.

My cock grew firmer as I stood and thought about my good fortune... a beautiful, naked redhead who enjoys all kinds of sex and who wants to do it all with me, one who is waiting in position to receive a spanking from me with whatever implement I choose, all because she got incredibly aroused by what I had just said. Unbelievable! Not in a million years!

I finally decided I should just give her a few hard swats with my hand and threaten to give her a harder spanking if she ever deserved one. "Since this is your first offense, I'm going to go easy on you. If you deserve a spanking in the future, I'll give you a proper one. Hold still, slut." Standing to one side, I pulled back my hand and then swung it forward hard, smacking it against her left ass cheek. I repeated the motion, this time smacking her right cheek. Two bright pink hand prints developed on her pale white butt. I repeated the process two more times and then pushed two fingers into her pussy. She was soaking wet. I pulled out the fingers and pushed in my thumb to get it covered in her wetness, pulled it out, and then pushed the two fingers back inside her pussy. I then eased my thumb into her ass hole. I could feel her trembling and thought it was because of my thumb. "You like that, don't you slut? You wish it was my cock, don't you?"

"Yes, sir. I love it and I do want your cock in my ass. Please say you'll fuck your little slut's ass!"

"Oh, I will, slut. But not right now. Later. After you show me how you play with your toys. After you make us something to eat." I squeezed my fingers and thumb together inside her as hard as I could, leaned down and kissed the hot skin of her spanked ass, and then eased out of her. "Get up and thank me for going easy on you."

Amanda lifted herself up off the counter, spun around and hugged me tightly. "Thank you! You're so good to me! I don't know what I've done to deserve having you in my life, but I'm so grateful and happy. I hope I can make you as happy as I am."

As I listened to her I thought how I was the one who should be wondering what I'd done to deserve her, not the other way around. But, I wasn't about to let her know that!

"You just keep doing what you're doing. If you continue to be a good slut for me, I think we'll be just fine together. Now, what about that dinner?"

Amanda giggled a little before saying, "I think I could go with some more of your tasty protein, but I'll bet you want something a little more substantial, don't you? Let me check the fridge to make sure I have everything." She gave me a big hug and then turned to go to the refrigerator. After opening the door she bent over, exposing her puffy wet pussy and the pale pinkish skin of her ass hole. "I hadn't really planned on having a guest for dinner so I have only one steak, but I can cut it in two, if you don't mind."

"Sure, that's fine," I replied. "I'd rather not get too full so I can still move around some."

"If you mean you want to move around some inside me, I like the sound of that!"

I watched as she prepared our meal. When she started on the salad she asked if I liked cucumbers, and when I said I did, she pushed one up inside her pussy and fucked with it for a few seconds before slicing it and adding it to the mix. It was extremely difficult for me, but I managed to refrain from molesting her the entire time. After she brought the food to the table she sat down in her chair and asked if there was anything else I needed. For grins, I asked if she'd push another cucumber inside her pussy and keep it there while we ate.

She smiled and responded, "What if I get two - one for my pussy and one for my ass? I might as well start getting my butt ready for you." She went back to the refrigerator and dug around in the vegetable bin until she'd found two suitable cucumbers. "The bigger one for my pussy and this one for my butt! Here! Push this one into my pussy to get it lubed and then I'll bend over so you can push it into my butt."

I took the smaller, skinnier cuke from her and slid it as far into her pussy as I could, and then pulled it back out. She bent over, reached back and pulled open her ass cheeks and said, "It ought to go in fairly easily, but please don't rush." After slowly twisting and pushing it into her ass she passed the bigger one to me. "Push this one into my pussy." She sighed sweetly as the cucumber entered her. She then placed her hands over the exposed ends of the cukes and sat down in her chair.

"How's that feel, Amanda?"

"I don't know about having two cocks at once, but this sure does feel good. I'll bet you'd like the feeling. Maybe after we eat you'd like to put a vibrator inside me before you fuck me."

I grinned and said we ought to eat our dinner before it got cold, and so we did. As I finished the last few bites I noticed she was rocking back and forth in her chair. Her nipples were hard and her clit protruded from under its hood. A puddle of thick, clear fluid had formed under her.

"Did you start without me, Amanda?"

"I wanted my ass hole to be ready for your cock."

"Something tells me it'll be just fine. Get up and bend over so I can check."

She stood up and bent over the back of her chair. Both cukes had gone in deeper but both were still visible. "Give a little push." Both started to emerge. I pulled the smaller one out of her ass and set it on the table before removing the bigger one from her pussy. "It's not as thick as my cock, but we'll see if you can take it." I positioned the end of the cucumber within the gaping opening of her ass and slowly pushed it inside. It might have gone in more quickly, but I wanted to make sure it didn't hurt her. "How's that feel, girl?"

"Oh, fuck, that's good, baby! Push it into me!"

I pushed a little harder and soon it was in as deep as I dared. I certainly didn't want to lose sight of it. "How's that? Think you can go wider?"

"I think so, but I don't think I can do any real fucking if I do. Pull that out and then let me push back onto your cock."

My cock was hard but needed some lube. "Better stick it in your pussy first."

Amanda looked over her shoulder and smiled broadly as she backed towards me. "Guide it into me, baby," she said. I angled my cock just so, parted her pussy lips and watched it disappear into her. She pushed back as far as she could and then rotated her hips. "You like it, baby?"

"Oh, yeah! I like it!"

After a few thrusts back and forth, she pulled her hips forward until my cock popped out of her. "I'm ready when you are," she announced, and then began backing towards me again. I held my cock in position and watched the rim of her ass stretch out around the head. She paused a moment before continuing to back some more. The rim swallowed all of the head before slowly engulfing the shaft. Little by little, my cock disappeared inside her ass. With one final push, I was all the way inside her and my balls were mashed against her. She remained perfectly still.

"How are you, girl?"

"Damn, I feel so full and stretched. I can't fuck like this yet, but believe me when I say I want to!"

I reached underneath her and cupped her breasts in my hands, and then pulled her up while keeping my cock buried inside her. I could feel the pressure against my cock as we straightened up. When we were both standing upright, I moved one hand down her tummy, over her mound and through the tiny red curls to her pussy. I easily found her clit and circled it firmly. In just a few seconds I felt her rim gripping the base of my cock. "You like that, don't you?"

Panting heavily, Amanda replied, "You know I do! Somehow you know everything I want!" 

I pinched one of her nipples and stretched it while mashing and rubbing her clit from side to side. I could feel the rim spasm as her whole body began to quiver. Very slowly, I rocked my hips back and forth so my cock would slide in and out ever so slightly. She whimpered, moaned and trembled.

"Who is your man?" I whispered into her ear.

"You are. You're my man."

"Who is my slut?" I whispered louder.

"I am. I'm your slut."

"What will you do to make me happy?" I growled into her ear.

"I'll do anything you want. Anything."

"Anything?" 

"Everything."

"That's right. Everything. And when will you do it?"

"Whenever you want."

"That's right. Now, bend over again and fuck me with that sweet ass."

Amanda leaned forward, braced herself on the chair and pulled her hips forward. My cock slid into view again and then quickly disappeared as she started the fucking motion. It felt so good and so tight. The view was almost as good as the sensations on my cock, but not quite. "Faster, slut!" She obeyed and started fucking faster. She moaned at first but then started cursing, urging me to cum, begging me to flood her ass with cum. After a little while I felt her starting to get dry. "Stop and spit on my cock, and then fuck me some more." She did as instructed, except instead of just spitting on my cock, she smeared it along the shaft with her hand and then licked and drooled on the head before turning around and assuming the position. I pushed back into her red, stretched ass hole and she resumed the fuck. "I like your initiative, slut. I'm glad you're willing to lick my cock after it's been in your ass. I'll expect that from now on." She continued fucking. When I felt my impending orgasm draw closer, I slapped her hard on one of her ass cheeks. She flinched and her rim gripped my cock tighter. "You still want me to cum in your ass, slut?"

"Yes! But please save some for my mouth."

As soon as she finished her sentence I started to spurt my cum into her. I eased back while cumming and withdrew from her ass, spun her around and splashed some across her face as she kneeled at my feet. She opened her mouth wide and tried to catch what was left before I placed the head of my cock to her open lips and pushed it inside. She sucked it hard drawing out one more spurt. After allowing her time to thoroughly drain the cum out of me, I pulled out and smeared my cock through the cum, pushing it towards her mouth. She eagerly licked everything her tongue could reach. 

With a glaze of cum across her face, she looked up into my eyes and thanked me. "Thank you for letting me fuck your cock with my ass! And thank you for feeding me more of your cum. I hope you'll let me do this again soon."

"I'll definitely feed you again soon, but I'm not so sure your ass is going to be ready again for a few days. Get up and let me see it."

I helped her up from the floor. She rested her hands in the seat of her chair so her ass was pointed up into the air. I spread open her ass cheeks and saw her beautifully abused, cum-coated ass hole. I pushed my middle finger into it and asked, "How's that feel?"

"It hurts a little, but if you want to use it again, you know you can."

"Yes, I know, but I don't want it to get too sore. I'll give it a little rest." 

As I pulled out my finger she asked, "May I lick that clean? And then can I squeeze out the rest and eat that, too?"

"I'd say you've earned both. Here." I held out my finger as she sat in the chair and turned to face me. She opened her mouth and I placed my finger to her lips. She licked it with enthusiasm.
