 As I was saying, I had a really hot dream about you. I can only remember bits and pieces of it, so I will have to improvise and create a story with what I can remember. I can not remember where it took place at, but I will start of by saying that wherever it was, there was hardly any lighting. However, there was enough to see the glimmer of light shining on the dampness from the beads of sweat created from hot, feverish sex. There are so many lingering flash backs of my dream. Its hard to put it in writing. Some of them were of you experiencing blissful sensations. I remember you had your head tilted back, your lips were slightly ajar, and your eyes closed. You were enjoying every little thing that I was doing to you. Your breath would change from normal to trembling exhales when I began something a little different. Other flash backs were of you touching me, tasting me, penetrating me, and making me lose control of reality. Your touch was electric and intense. It was almost as if you had a map of my body, and you choose the scenic route to explore me. Teasing me, creating an immense need for you to give me what I want.

One thing I especially remember is how you were looking at me as you licked, sucked and penetrated me with your tongue. There was an unmistakable animalistic haze in your eyes.

Anyway, to get down to it. I am going to use my dream of you as an inspiration for a story and I am posting it on Literotica for all my fans to enjoy.

So I hope you enjoy.

It was crazy how I was feeling the way I was. I could not believe how bad I wanted you and I would have done anything to have you right then and there. I knew that you were feeling the same as I did. I could tell how you looked at me, and how your eyes wandered, checking out my assets. All I could think of is where and how. We were out with our friends at a public bar. the bar is pretty laid back, it didn't draw large crowds. It was a place that allowed people to relax in lounge chairs and sofa's. There were pool tables, and big screen t.v.'s for entertainment. However, no where to escape. There was no where we could go, so I could have you.

We stayed away from each other as much as we could. You played a couple of games of pool with the guys. I sat with the girls and mingled. I knew if I was near you, I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off you.

I would glance over and catch you looking at me. If I could read your mind, or even see what was playing in your head at that moment I would probably have seen you touching, and squeezing my tits. I began to feel warm, and tingly throughout my body. Alcohol was not helping it any, in fact it was intensifying the sensation.

I had to excuse myself from the girls. My head was beginning to spin, but not from alcohol. I walked quickly to the back of the bar where the washrooms were. I burst through the doors and into a bathroom stall. However, I was not in there to use the bathroom, but to calm down. I was getting so turned on by just looking at you, I could not bare it. I sat on the edge of the seat and pressed a hand between my legs. The heat coming from my privates was fervent. I pressed my fingers hard against my denim covered clit. A shiver ran up and down my spine. I could only imagine how wet I was.

'This is ridiculous,' I thought to myself, 'Why am I so horny for you tonight?'

I tried my hardest to simmer down. I came out of the stall and walked over to the sink and began splashing water in my face.

'Okay, I am good.' I thought to myself again. I dried off my face, and then exited the bathroom. There you were, walking towards the washrooms. My heart began to pound. You smiled when you saw me walk out of the bathroom. I was going to walk right past you and greet you as I went, but it didn't work that way. I thought you were going to the washroom yourself, but you walked right up to me.

"Hi." you greeted as you stopped dead in front of me.

"Hi." I replied. My voice was a bit shaky.

"You okay?" you asked. You took a little step towards me.

"Um, yeah sure, I'm fine." I answered taking a step back.

You smiled and moved closer again, "I don't think you are."

"Oh no, no. I'm great. I just had a moment where I needed to take some time out." I said stepping back again.

"Time out from what?" you asked with a coy smile. You moved in closer once again.

"Um....",I stammered, "Ahhhh..."

I pondered what I was suppose to say to you to explain how or why I was taking a breather. I took one more step back and was backed against the wall..

You raised an eyebrow teasingly and moved in closer. You were a breath away from me. I could smell your cologne. You responded to my stammering, "Um, ah what?"

I sighed out a trembling breath. This was not helping what I was trying to cure in the bathroom what-so-ever. This was absolute torture. I could feel my clit about ready to burst.

"I think you want me," you presumed.

'Yes I do." I replied to myself. I couldn't speak. I was getting so turned on. My nipples were hardening, soon to be begging for touch. My stomach quivered. My clit was warm and screaming for attention and here you were, a kiss away from me.

You placed your hands on the wall behind me. One of each side of me. Trapping me in. You smiled again and said, "I think you want me to touch you right now."

I nodded my head. It was all I could do. Inside I was jumping for joy and screaming, 'YES!!!'

"Like this?", you said as you took your hands from the wall, and rested them on my hips. You began to slowly slide your hands up my sides. Gently past my rib cage and around to the front. You stopped st the under wire of my bra on the outside of my shirt.


I looked down at your hands for a brief second and then back at you. I could feel my legs were beginning to shake a little. You leaned in and your lips touched mine and it near made my knees buckle. I wanted you so bad.

"Calm down.", you whispered against my lips.

Your tongue licked my top lip once and you came in for a real kiss, You kissed me hard. You tasted so sweet, and I wanted to have more. Your tongue swirled around with mine. Tasting each other. Your hand finally made its way up to my swelling, aching breast. The reaction from you touching and squeezing them from the outside of my shirt almost seemed to drive you crazy. It was not enough, you were hungry. You needed to satisfy your hunger.

I followed suit shortly after you began. I rub my hands through your hair, over your shoulders, down your back, I dragged my fingers down your back to your bottom and began to squeeze and pulling you against me. I moved my hands to your waist line of your khakis, and trace with my fingertips to the front where your button was.

I suddenly realized that we were still in the view of everyone. None of our friends were close enough to see us, and thankfully no one had come to use the washroom.

"Stop for a second.". I said pushing you away, "We can't, not here anyway."

A little growl came from you, but you then agreed. You stepped away from me and glanced around. You noticed that the room that is usually booked for private parties was empty. The door was about two feet from us and it was slightly opened. You walked over and peeked inside. You returned and took me by my hand and began to lead me into the room. I held back.

"We can't, we will get caught," I said.

You took the same hand you were leading me by and stood in front of me once again. You turned my palm out facing you and then pressed it against your hard cock.

"I need you right now," you whispered in my ear, "and I am not about to wait for it when I have the opportunity right now."

Shivers shot up and down my spine. Your cock was so hard. I could feel the heat radiating from it through your pants. I traced an outline of it with my index finger right up to the tip. I then pressed my hand against it and begin to rub up and down the length of it.

You grabbed my hand and lead me into the room. You looked around one last time to make sure friends or staff members of the bar did not see us enter the room. I did not hesitate once this time around. I felt your cock and I was thirsty for it so nothing was going to stop me now. I was beginning to actually feel how slick and wet my pussy had become.

Once we were completely in the room, you closed the door. To your delight there was a a dead bolt lock, and you quickly locked it. We did not turn the lights on because there were windows that looked out to the main bar. There was enough light coming in from the windows to be able to see each other. The windows were tinted enough that if anyone were to look in, they would not see us in the darkened room.

Now that you had me in this room, you had more aggression knowing that you were about to have me. You began kissing me harder, and running your hands all over my body. You would squeeze my tits and then lightly pinch a nipple. I ran my hands up and down your chest on the outside of your shirt. Your arms reached around me and began squeezing my ass, pulling me close to you as I did to you earlier. Your hands then traveled to the front of me, and traveled down between my legs, rubbing the inside of my thighs. Completely avoiding me pussy, and it was an incredible tease.

You had me back against the wall again. Your lips were on my neck and your roaming hands found there way back up to my tits. This time from under my shirt.

"Take my shirt off." I whispered in a shaky voice. It took less the two seconds for you to have my shirt up and over my head. You reached around and unclasped my bra. I pulled it off of my shoulders and let it drop to the ground. Where ever the ground was. My breast were now bare, and burning for the touch of your lips. You stopped for a second and admired my voluptuous tits, and rock hard nipples. You bent down and took one of them into your mouth. You held it between you teeth and swirled your tongue around an around. Sending a volume of tingles that buzzed in my pussy. It was beginning to make me squirm. I was so horny I thought I was going to cream right in my pants. All I could picture in my head was your cock that i had briefly touched outside of your pants. I wanted to touch it again. I wanted to feel it directly in my hand. I wanted to pull it out and suck on it> I want you to spalsh cum down my throat, all over my face, tits, ass. Whatever way I could have your spunk, I wanted it. Now!

Your lips felt so good. Every time your lips touched my skin, it burned a trail of desire. You raised from my nipples and began to kiss my lips again. I hooked my fingers into the loops of your pants for your belt, and I pulled your hips closer to mine. I grinded myself against your hardness. I pulled away and unbuttoned your pants and pulled the zipper down about halfway. I reached in and took your cock into my hand. 'Fuck, your cock is fucking sexy.' I thought to myself. I could not believe that I was touching your cock, at a bar, in a room where we shouldn't be. A whole new wave of eroticism washed over me.

I began to stroke your cock from top to bottom. Each stroke up you quietly moaned as my fingers slid over the rim of the head. The muscles in your cock spasmed a couple of times when I lightly squeezed the head or rub against the glands of your cock. Precum had formed at the tip. I rubbed my thumb in it and pulled my hand away from your cock. I looked at the glistening precum on my thumb. Your attention also was drawn to my thumb. I slowly brought it to my mouth and I licked it, then sucked my thumb into my mouth and I slowly drew it back out of my mouth. You watched what I was doing and I could see the lust growing in your eyes. 

Your pre-cum was intoxicating. I wanted more of it. I wanted the real stuff. I know you wanted me to have it too. I kissed your lips and then told you, "I want to suck your cock, I want to taste more of you."

You kissed me deeply and then raised your hands to my shoulders and began to push down, motioning for me to get on my knees. Another thought of getting caught crossed my mind, and it was adding fuel to the fire. I pulled the rest of your zipper down and took your cock out of its restraints. Your cock now right in front of my lips, ready to be sucked. A little more of your juices sparkled in the little light that we had. I skimmed my tongue across the slit where your juices were coming from. Your cock jumped at the touch of my tongue. My hands rested on the sides of your legs as I began to enter the head of your cock into my mouth. I lightly sucked and slathered my tongue around the tip and glands, then slowly letting your cock slide further into my mouth.

Still bracing myself by holding your thighs, I began to suck and slither my tongue all over. Pulling your cock out to quickly lick up and down the length of your cock and then back into my mouth again. You took one of your hands and ran it through my hair, gently taking a handful. You began guiding your cock further into my mouth and then back out. Each time your cock got further and further into my mouth until it couldn't go any further. I loved how you were controlling the way I was fucking your cock with my mouth. I looked up and saw that you were watching how your cock was filling my mouth. You were getting even more turned on then what you already were. Now both of your hands were in my hair, with a fistfuls of hair. You began fucking my mouth a little faster. Your legs were beginning to shake, especially when my lips ran over the rim of your cock... back and forth.

I removed my hand from your leg and wrapped it around the base of your cock. You let go of my hair, and let me take back control. I began stroking your cock with my hand as I continued to suck and lick it. My hand and mouth worked in unison, giving your cock the double pleasure of a blow job and a hand job all at the same time. You were enjoying it, very much.

I looked up and saw that you eyes were closed, your mouth was opened a bit and your head was titled back. Your breathing had become quick and shakier. I slowed down as I did not want you to cum yet. 

With my free hand I cupped your balls and gently began to squeeze them. I stopped sucking your cock for a moment and began to lick and suck on your sac, and then I took a long lick up your shaft, and hungrily sucked your cock back into my mouth continuing with what I was doing. I reached back with my fingers and began to press against your perineum to apply pressure on your prostate. I was not sure if you were up for direct access, so this was good enough for now. I began to pick up the pace on your cock again, and my hands returned to your balls, squeezing and tugging on them gently. "Fuck you're gonna make me cum." you moaned.

I hummed my acknowledgment which sent a shudder through you. I was enjoying your cock so much, and the effect is was giving you that I couldn't help but want more of it. I started pumping your cock faster and further into my mouth. Your dick was hitting the back of my throat. I kept humming and moaning on your cock, sending vibrations throughout your cock.

"Jesus fuck that feels so good." You hissed through your teeth.

I pulled your cock out of my mouth and I purred, "I want to taste more of your cum. I want you to cum hard in my mouth."

Your hands grabbed fistfuls of my hair again and began fucking my mouth again. I could feel your ball begin to tighten in my hand. I reached back with my fingers once again and pressed in that same spot, applying a circulating pressure against your prostate.

"Ah fuck, you suck cock sooo good, I'm gonna cum for you baby," you grunted.

You put one of your hands on the wall behind you to brace yourself. The other hand still full of my hair, guiding me back and forth on your cock.

This turned me on so much to know you were about to cum. My pussy throbbed and I felt I was about to have my own climax. I know my panties were soaked.

You began to pant heavier and I knew you were cumming. You let out a long and sexy moan as you went over the edge. The first shot of your cum hit the back of my throat, and I swallowed it down. Your cock exuded more of your spunk into my mouth. I let the taste linger in my mouth, and then I drank it down. I sucked and licked your cock until you couldn't handle it no more.

You pulled your cock out of my mouth and helped me up from the floor. You immediately kissed me, soaring your tongue through my mouth, tasting what was left in my mouth.

You pulled away, and then stood behind me. Your hands wrapped around my waist and you began kissing my neck.

"Did you like sucking my cock?" you asked between each kiss you laid on my neck.

Shivers rolled through every part of me. One of your hands came up and began squeezing my tits. The other hand slid down and started rubbing the outside of my pants where my pussy was throbbing and on fire. My cunt needed so much attention right now, I thought I was going to keel over and beg for you to pound my pussy. What didn't help is you whispering in my ear, telling me that you were going to lick and finger fuck me. I was feeling a little desperate.

"You want me down there don't you?" you asked as your pressed your fingers hard against my pulsing cunt.

"Yes."

"You want me to lick and suck on your pussy?"

"Yessss."

"Do you want my cock in there?" you teased.

"Uh huh."

I began pressing my ass against your cock, which was still ready to go, even after pumping my mouth with cum. You removed both of your hands from my breast and pussy and you began to unbutton my jeans. You slid a hand into my panties and your finger tips met with my wet, hot, shaved pussy. You began circling your middle finger around my aching clit.

I gyrated my ass against your cock as your fingers traveled down to my wet opening. I slid my hand down in with yours, trying to get you to push your fingers farther in to my wanting sex pot. Your free hand began pulling my jeans and panties over my ass. I began to help you with my free hand. Once you hand them down around my knees, you pushed me forward to the edge of the pool table. I leaned over it, holding my self up on my hands, and locking my elbows. Your hand never left my pussy once, but you went back to the warm circulation with your middle finger around my clit. Leaving my pussy hole for your other hand to play with.

"Spread your legs as much as you can." you directed. I did as you said

You kneeled down, and your free hand found its way to my pussy from behind. Your hand in front continued to send ripple effects all over, and your hand from behind touched my thigh and slid up to the wet folds of my pussy lips. I was trying to push back a little to get you to push your fingers into me. I needed to be penetrated, even if it was with your fingers.

You did just that. Slowly you slid one finger in, then pulled it back out, then two of your fingers pushed back in. Being worked on from the front and the back was more then I could handle. I felt the urge to cum all over your finger but I bit on my lip to focus on the pain in my lip rather then the fantastic feeling that was dwelling in my clit. I glanced to my side where you were kneeling and you were completely focused on pleasing my pussy. 

You pulled your attention away and told me. "I want to taste you."

You quickly abandoned me and my brink of climax. "You're such a fucking tease.' I thought to myself.

You took my hand and lead me to the love seat sofa. I sat down and you pulled the rest of my jeans and panties off. You grabbed my legs and hauled me to the edge of the couch. Briefly I thought once more of everyone on the outside of the room.

"They are probably wondering where we are." I spoke in a soft voice.

You got down on your knees in front of me, leaned over my body, and kissed my lips.

"Let them wonder."

I laid back and spread my legs. You sat back on your knees, and kissed from my knees, to the inside of my thighs, and stopped at my pussy. Your lips hovered over my clit. I could feel your breath on it, and all i wanted to do is grab your face and bury it into my cunt. 
