 So, I work with this really cute guy right? He's funny and makes me feel good. I guess he has a girlfriend who doesn't know how to treat him right. Ah, if only he would hook up with me. I would show him the attention he deserves. But, I won't tell him this. He has enough on his mind with whatever it is that is bothering him.

But man. The sexual tension between us. I mean, he just smiles at me and I get all tingly. I absolutely LOVE flirting with him. I am glad we are becoming friends. Troy seems like a really nice guy and could use someone like me in his life to lean on if he needs to. Or to use in other ways if he wants to. You know. Friends with benefits. No strings. That kinda' thing.

So one night I get a hug from him and man, I just don't wanna let him go. Not only because of who he is, but because of what he is. That hug felt so nice. It has been a really, really long time. 

And then one night, I get a real shock. He asks me if I wanna get together with him and of course I tell him ABSOLUTELY! So, we decide that the best thing to do is check into a hotel, if only for a little while. 

So we met at the hotel. I let him go in and get a room. Troy gets a room with one of those whirlpool tubs. He comes out to the parking lot to get me. All of a sudden I feel like a virgin on her very first "meaningful date". He grabbed my hand and walked me to the room. His hand felt so nice in mine. Like it was made for mine and I get a little shiver.

"What's wrong?" he asked me. 

"Nothing is wrong. I, I'm just feeling a little nervous now that this is happening. That's all." 

"Well, don't be nervous. Just be yourself. That's the way I like you." So of course I blush.

Troy opened the door and led me inside. After he closed the door, he went to the tub first thing and begans to fill it with warm water. Well, my turn to surprise him. I have brought my little "magic kit". I picked out nice musky smelling crystals to put in the water. I placed candles around the outside of the tub and lit them. He raised an eyebrow at me, but he didn't say a word. I just gave him a wicked little grin. 

Then I stood up and turned to face him completely. I closed the gap between us and helped him out of his coat. Then I cupped his face in my hands and pulled him toward me and gently caressed his lips with mine. He tried to deepen the kiss, but I pulled back. Teasing is half the fun. 

Then I took a step closer to him and put my arms around his neck, pressing my body to his. And that is when he wrapped his arms around me, squeezed me to him and lowered his head to mine. His face was a mere breath away from mine. I licked his lips then and he kissed me. Suddenly, his tongue was inside my mouth searching for mine. I gladly met his tongue with my own. So hungry for his touch and his kiss, I barely controlled myself and kept the kiss from getting too deep yet. I swirled my tongue around his, sucking on the tip of it. 

Then I couldn't control myself anymore. I wanted his tongue as deep in my mouth as I could get it. We kissed hungrily. I loved the way his arms felt around me. As I said, it has been way too long since I have been held like this.

Suddenly, I break free. Breathless, I pulled Troy's shirt over his head. And since I couldn't help myself, I tongued his left nipple and nipped at it with my teeth. Then I did the same to the right. He gave a little moan. I stepped back to him and did the same to his earlobe. Then, with my tongue and teeth, I trailed little kisses down his neck. Biting a little harder with each nibble. He moaned again. His hands reached around, rubbing my back. 

I am back to his nipples, paying special attention to the little hard peaks. Then I go lower. Kissing and licking and nibbling as I go. Next thing I know, I am kneeling before him. I swirled my tongue around and then in his belly button while I unbuttoned his jeans.

Troy grew still with anticipation. I finished unzipping his jeans and helping him step out of them while teasing his bellybutton again. Then I reached into the waistband of his boxer and ever so slooooowly, I pulled them down too. Wow, his hardening cock just popped out in front of my face. I nuzzle it. But I have to control myself. The almost forgotten tub is almost full enough.

I stood up and he kissed me deeply. Then he helped me out of my shirt, and reached around me while kissing me again, to unhook my bra. Then he paid as much attention to my nipples as I did his. It was my time to moan. Then he started kissing my neck as he unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. He shoved them down over my hips and helped me step out of them. His eyebrows raised. My bra was black and silky, but my panties were black and lacy too. Then he knelt down and helped me out of my panties and it was his turn to nuzzle against me, but he also squeezed my butt cheeks causing me to groan. 

Then Troy stood up, took my hand, and led me to the tub. He checked the temperature and turned off the water. He helped me into the tub then turned on the jets. As the water started swirling around me, he joined me in the tub. As he stepped into the tub in front of me, I ran my hands up his thighs and reach around to squeeze his butt. His hardening cock jumped in front of me. I couldn't help myself. I licked the head of his cock, making it jump more. Then I let him sit in the tub. He knelt in between my legs, pushing me against the side of the tub. 

Water swirling, bubbles moving, the scent of musk everywhere. He leaned in to kiss me again. I cupped water in my hands and drizzled it over his shoulders. Then he sat back and did the same to me. We then "washed" each other. Rubbing hands over each other. Touching everywhere. He ran his hands over my breasts, pinching my nipples as he went. And as he reached between my legs, I reached between his. As I teased and lightly squeezed his balls, he slid a finger inside my folds and I shuddered with anticipation. As I wrapped my hands around the shaft of his cock, he fingered my clit. 

"Oh, Troy." I said breathlessly. Then he slid his tongue back in my mouth and kissed me and as he did so, he slid his fingers into my wet pussy.

I moaned against his mouth as he worked his fingers in and out of my slit. I worked his cock in my hand and he returned the moan. We kept kissing and he kept working me and I kept working him until I shuddered with an orgasm and he came all over my breasts. 

As we caught our breath and he washed the cum off my breasts gently pinching my nipples as he did so, causing me to shudder again. Then he helped me out of the tub and dry off. 

After we are dry, I gave him another wicked grin and look into his eyes and I tell him, "I have another surprise for you." 

"Oh really?" he said with an evil little smile of his own. 

"Oh yeah." Then I walked over to the bed and pulled the covers back. I found my "magic" bag and pulled out some oils. Troy watched me with those hungry eyes of his. 

"Come on and lay down on your stomach. I'm going to give you that massage I promised you." He obligingly laid down. I took some musky smelling oil and began to rub his shoulders. 

I worked the kinks out of his shoulders and massaged his neck as well. And when I started on his back, he let out a sigh. I worked my way down his back and stopped at his waist. Then I started at his feet and worked my way back up his legs. I massaged the back and sides of his legs until I came to his butt. And of course, again, I couldn't help myself and I laid a kiss on each of his cheeks before I massaged them. I rubbed the skin between his legs careful not to touch his sack but getting as close as I could.

"Now, turn over", my voice was husky with lust. He did as I directed. I started with his right arm and massaged it, then did the same to the left. I leaned down and kissed his neck several times with a nip here and a nibble there. I started massaging his chest, tweaking his nipples as I went. Massaged across his stomach and down until I got to his waist again. 

I turned to face his feet while on my knees. I started massaging his feet and while I did, he started to rub my pussy. By the time I got to his knees, Troy slid a finger inside my swollen labia and found my clit. I could barely concentrate by now. 

I worked my way up his thighs and as he slid his a couple fingers inside my slick pussy, I reached down and took his balls in my mouth. This caused Troy to moan and writhe. His fingers were getting wetter with my juices and the pre-cum started to flow from his hardening cock. Quickly, I pushed myself off the bed. Wow, did that startle him. 

"I have another surprise." I said. I reached into the bag and pulled out some silk ropes. First, I tied his hands to each of the posts on the headboard. Then, I made him spread his legs so I could tie them to the legs of the bed. 

Mmmmmmm. There he lay, spread-eagled before me, his hard cock in all its glory like a sacrifice to the sex gods! Wow. I knelt back on the bed and crawled up the headboard so that my breasts were hanging over his mouth. I lowered my breast so he could suck the nipple. Then I did the same with the other one. 

Then I shifted so I could kiss him. I licked his lips. First the outside, then the inside. I stuck my tongue in his mouth and kissed him deeply. I then trailed kisses down his neck, down his chest, lower, until I reached that glorious cock. I knelt between his legs and lay down. I swirled my tongue around the mushroomed head of his cock, and then I took him inside. I went down on him, taking him deep in my throat, swallowing him down as I went. I proceeded to suck him until he was straining against the ropes he was tied with.

When I stopped sucking on him, Troy let out a little sigh of disappointment until he saw that I was moving so that my wet pussy was over that cock of his. I lowered myself to that I was just moving my slit up and down over the head. Then I reached down and guided myself over him and down on him. I started moving my hips back and forth and Troy put his head back exposing his neck. Of course, I had to lean down and bite him. He strained against his ropes all the more. 

I sat up and began rocking on the wondrous cock that impaled me. "Untie me." he begged. 

"No way." I said just above a whisper. 

"Come on. At least one hand so I can squeeze your breasts." 

"I can do that for you." So I reached up and squeezed my breasts together as I continued to rock on him. I played with the nipples like he would have done. "Oh man," he moaned. "Ok then, just untie my right hand so I can play with your clit." 

So I leaned over him and he took a dangling breast in his mouth (as much as he could anyway). I untied his hand and sat up and proceeded to rock on his cock. 

He reached down and started to play with my clit. Squeezing it and rubbing it and that made me move even more. Up and down, back and forth. Before long, he was thrusting with me as much as he could while being tied. 

"Oh Troy, I'm gonna' cum." Faster and harder I moved as he continued to stroke my clit. "Oh, Oh, here goes." My pussy clamped down on his cock as I spasmed into orgasm. I tried to keep rocking because I knew he wasn't far behind me. Then he grabbed the bed sheets and let out a yell as he came inside me while I continued to squeeze around him, milking all I could get out of his cock.

After, I fell against his chest and reached up to kiss him. I untied his other arm and collapsed on the bed. I lay beside him with my head on his chest. "I'll untie you in a few minutes, but I can't move right now. Wow." 

"Yeah, wow." he chuckled. After I gained enough strength to untie his legs, I pulled the covers up over us and we cuddled.

"Mmmmmmm isn't it nice to be friends with benefits?" I asked sleepily. 

"Oh yeah." he said as he wrapped his arms around me and we fell asleep.