 By Sunday both Troy and Tania had become very frustrated, as the weekend passed slowly. Their new sexual awakening the previous week, had aroused both. The veneer of a blissful, family existence was beginning to crack. Each had encountered a prospective lover who had liberated libidos previously held well in check. Now they both craved more. Sunday lunch at their friends, the Harrison's, brought matters into sharp focus. 

The couple dressed casually, Troy in slacks and a light shirt. Tania wore a sleeveless, blue, summer shift dress, which didn't hide her pregnancy. It came to just above the knee. The children were neatly attired, as always. They made an elegant looking family.

The Harrison's were a happily married, average looking, conservative couple. They saw no need to present themselves with any sexual allure and didn't try too. Yet both Troy and Tania, who previously had never shown any interest, now looked upon their hosts with some hunger. 

Tania had held a cock in her hand two days earlier and to her own amazement had indulged in a sexual encounter, akin to that with boyfriends in her late teens. She had satisfied the man employed as her mother's nurse and fully intended to continue the affair in the coming week.

In the meantime she eyed Carl Harrisson, wondering what his cock would be like to grasp. She imagined bringing it to her lips. She felt her vagina tingle as she daydreamed.

"The School Board must really look at that," Fiona Harrison said earnestly, referring to the broken fence surrounding the school, which both couple's children attended. "What do they do at your school Troy?" she said turning to him.

Troy quickly raised his gaze up from her breasts. She was a large woman, with an ample bust, which she didn't mind showing off. Her breasts had never before interested Troy, but today he was fixated by them.

"What was that?" Troy replied, squirming in his seat to adjust his cock.

The talk of school had taken him back to Friday, when he'd stroked his pupil's pussy, while she stood willingly beside his desk.

"And came to orgasm," he thought to himself proudly.

"Well I think they'll find themselves with a civil suit if some child gets out through one of the holes," Carl said taking up the conversation, both Harrison's unaware they were the object of sexual fantasising.

This caused Fiona to turn toward her husband and Troy returned his eyes to her breasts. Now he felt his cock grow genuinely hard as he thought of pulling open her dress and sucking on her nipples.

It was at this point that Tania emerged from her own fantasy, just enough to notice where her husband was looking.

"He's looking at her breasts," thought Tania. "He doesn't show any interest in me because I'm pregnant, yet he'll stare at big dumpy Fiona."

Troy caught her looking and quickly altered his gaze. He re-entered the conversation, taking care from then on about where his eyes wandered too.

"He's looking at her breasts and I'm thinking of her husband's cock," Tania thought, chastising herself.

-----------------------

In the car, on the way home, the family were silent; the kid's intent on their Gameboys, their parents deep in their own thoughts. Troy's thought's flitted from Bailee, to Fiona and then onto his wife.

"I've never really fancied Tania when she's pregnant and she's never seemed to mind about that. But now I'm horny as hell and won't see Bailee until tomorrow, at the gym." 

"If I see Chris tomorrow, feeling like this, there's no doubt I'll sleep with him," Tania thought, the notion again causing a warm sensation in her lower stomach. 

She placed a hand nonchalantly on her stomach and pushed it down across her dress. Then doubts began to crowd in.

"I'm wound up sexually, and I have an easy outlet. But my husband's looking at my friend with barely disguised lust. Is he as frustrated as I am?" 

Suddenly her sensible side surged to the forefront. She felt a wave of sadness at the state of her marriage.

"It's not right. I need to put a stop to this."

Tania was always impulsive, as events of the previous week had proved. She got out her mobile phone and rang her sister Beth.

"Can you take the children for the afternoon?" she requested of her sister, after the usual sisterly chit-chat.

"Sure, no problem; drop them over when you like," Tania was relieved to hear her sister say.

"What's up," asked Troy when she got off the phone.

"Change of plan. Just drive over to Beth's," Tania told him.

After they had dropped the kids off she told him to drive home.

"I just felt we need a bit of time alone Troy."

"Why?"

"Because I saw you staring at Fiona's breasts," Tania replied bluntly.

Troy just kept driving, looking directly ahead. He could hardly deny it.

"You done anything else, other than stare at another woman's breasts Troy?"

"No," he answered quickly, lying to avert a full scale war.

Tania watched him closely. She wanted to believe him, but she didn't.

"But even if he has, who am I to judge," she thought, now flooded with guilt over her own liaison with her mother's nurse. "I took that too far. Fancy doing that with him," as she recalled what had, at the time, been a very exciting sexual encounter.

"We can't go on like this," she blurted, not meaning it to come out aloud.

"We?" he answered, immediately suspicious. 

"Yes. We! You're not the only one staring at the opposite sex and we need to stop. How's best to stop it?"

"How?" answered Troy meekly.

"Drive home Troy."

------------------------

The afternoon and her own recent experiences had brought reality sharply into focus for Tania. She was in no doubt that their platonic relationship while pregnant, was seriously impacting upon their marriage.

"Maybe he's not Chris and it's not so exciting, but it's hardly the end of the world, making out with your own husband," she thought.

Tania had formulated a plan. There could be no hesitation upon entering the house otherwise they would fall back into domestic routine.

Tania's turning to kiss him took Troy by surprise. He hadn't been sure what to expect. It was clear they were going to spend some time alone, but he thought it would likely involve talking things through. The kiss was far from their usual peck and the passion caused feelings awoken by Bailee the week previous quickly surface again. He enjoyed the feeling.

Tania eventually broke the kiss.

"Wow," Troy said. "That was nice."

"Troy, we've fallen into a rut. We need to go to bed; right now; this afternoon."

Troy looked at his wife their faces only inches apart. He knew she was right. Bailee had ignited his desire for sex, but continuing with her was potentially suicidal to both his career and his marriage. 

When he didn't answer her Tania brought her hand to the front of his trousers, locating his cock. She lightly rubbed it through the fabric, thankful when it began to firm in her hand.

"Do you think you can bear to sleep with your wife, Troy?" Tania asked him, only half playfully.

"I think I could probably manage that. Especially if she's going to keep that up," he said, referring to her hand movements.

"And what if she did this?" Tania said, pushing the straps of her shift dress down and wiggling out of it.

It lay around her feet on the floor as she stood there in her pale blue bra, panties and shoes. Troy looked her up and down. Tania thought her belly appeared not to concern him, but she turned and backed up into him anyway.

"Touch my breasts Troy," she ordered him.

Troy brought his hands around and began to massage Tania's enlarged breasts through her bra, as he kicked off his shoes.

Chris came into Tania's mind as she closed her eyes, enjoying her husband's touch. She quickly pushed such thoughts away.

"That can't carry on," she thought to herself. "This is nice; this is all I need."

This thought received affirmation when Troy dragged the bra up and allowed her breasts to fall free. She let out a purr of appreciation when his hands returned to her. He dragged his thumbs across her nipples, made extra sensitive by her condition.

Troy heard her moan and it heightened his own arousal. He brought his lips to her long neck, as he continued his ministrations upon her breasts. Tania threw her head to the side to allow him full access.

Tania could feel her breasts and lower stomach aching under her husband's touch. She pushed her butt back into him, feeling his hardness through his trousers. While he continued to pleasure her she pushed her hands back between then and rapidly unbuckled him. She heard his trousers drop to the floor.

Troy left her standing for a couple of seconds while he quickly ripped down his boxers and took off his shirt. Tania remained facing away. She slipped off the bra, longing for his warmth to return to her back, his hands to her body. Troy's hand's settled on her hips.

"You look amazing," he whispered honestly, slipping her panties off her buttocks and down her legs. She stepped out of them. Troy stood and settled his now rigid cock into the valley between her butt cheeks. As he slipped his hands around and down the vee that signalled the way to her nest, he began to move himself against her.

Tania was now highly aroused. She longed for him to touch her lower lips, knowing they would be sleek with moisture. She swivelled her head to seek him out, as he continued to press his arousal into her backside. 

As they engaged in a kiss, their tongues met, just as his fingers pushed onto her mons. The warmth had now turned to heat for Tania, as she felt his hands poised above most sensitive parts. 

Troy did not hesitate for long, moving directly down, onto her swollen lips. He immediately encountered moisture. 

"We're not going to make the bedroom," Tania thought, as she now felt many fingers begin to massage her down there. 

One hand went high to her engorged clitoris and one lower. 

"So many fingers," Tania thought, revelling from his touch.

His fingers separated her lips, opening her. A digit briefly entered her and then departed just as quickly. She began rotating her hips and this caused her to move against Troy's hardness. She moved her own hands around behind him and dug her fingernails into his buttocks.

Two fingers settled on her clitoris and began to manipulate it, while another two returned to her hole pushing up into her. She was ready for him

"Right here, right now," she gasped.

"What, here in the lounge?" Troy answered incredulously. Even before childre they had always undertaken sex in the bedroom.

"Yes!" she answered, moving forward to the nearest chair. She knelt on it, wrapping her arms around the back to brace herself. She wiggled her butt, offering herself to him.

Troy required no second invitation. This was as sensual as he could ever have dreamed of with Bailee. And it was guilt free. He could completely revel in the act.

"Do it Troy, quickly; go in me," Tania pleaded.

Troy moved in close behind her, his cock standing hard and proud out in front of him. He pushed her shoes wider apart to stand between her calves. She arched her back, pushing her fat stomach forward to make herself more available. She was enjoying this position. She liked that it hid her bump, that it was comfortable and that it made her available to her husband. Her sensitive nipples dragged against the back of the chair and this aroused her further.

Tania felt the head of his cock upon her slippery lower lips. Then it was dragged up her length and then back down as Troy, cock in hand, looked to saviour the moment. The first time they'd had sex in 6 months; the first time they'd had sex when pregnant. 

"What was I thinking, denying myself this," Troy thought, continuing to work his cock deliberately up and down the length of Tania's gap. 

All thoughts of her pregnancy troubling him were now gone, as his cock slid a little deeper with each pass. Soon it was sliding deep between her inner lips and firmly over her clitoris. Tania felt a small electric jolt each time it touched her there.

Finally, she could bear it no more. As she felt her husband's cock come adjacent to her hole, Tania pushed back sharply. She gave a small grunt of satisfaction as she felt him wedged just inside of her. As she moved again, Troy brought his hands to her hips and pulled her back, sliding half his rod smoothly into her.

"She's still a snug fit," thought Troy, now fighting to keep his juices from rising to a point beyond his control.

"Touch me," Tania pleaded longing for fingers to return to her clitoris.

Troy reached beneath her and moved his fingers to where Tania desired. He began to roll them across and around her swollen bud. At the same time he worked his cock deeper into her.

Their position on the chair in the lounge, his finger's upon her pearl, the hardness within her, was all too much for Tania. She pushed herself back again, ensuring he entered her fully.

"Fuck me Troy; fuck me," she said, wiggling her butt at him, squeezing her vaginal muscles around his hardness.

Troy was completely taken aback. It was like being with a woman he didn't know. His wife never asked him to fuck her and they never did it from behind, on a chair, in the lounge. He was in seventh heaven and began to move in and out of her with long measured strokes. They fell into a rhythm, Tania rolling her butt to meet his thrusts.

All thoughts of their respective lovers were gone. They were both totally focused on the pleasure they were receiving from, and providing to, each other. Their rutting became more feverish.

Troy came first. He knew he couldn't hold out, so stopped trying. With three short thrusts he buried himself in his wife and filled her with his seed. He let out a long satisfied moan.

Tania didn't panic. She was close herself and Troy's fingers continued to work their magic. Then it arrived, like blessed relief, rippling down her thighs and up her spine. Sweating and grinding, fully joined, they basked in their mutual pleasure.

----------------------

Troy was the first to regain some composure. He leaned forward to prop himself up with an arm against the back of the chair. The smell of sex lingered heavily in the air.

"Christ Tarn; that's the most horny thing we've ever done," he said, still buried in his wife, listening to her breathe deeply. A full minute went by.

"Perhaps we needed horny," she finally answered, again recalling her own interlude with Chris. "I love you Troy."

"I love you Tarn," came the immediate reply, as he extracted himself from her.

Tania swivelled around and sat on the edge of the chair, with Troy continuing to stand. She pushed her legs closed to try to stem the flow, as his semen slipped back out of her.

"Come here," she ordered him, feeling a need to do one final act, to absolve herself of all guilt. 

She put a hand around to his buttock to pull him closer. It had to be done, the final catharsis. She had done it to Chris and now she must do the same for her husband.

Tania reached forward and took Troy's still semi-erect cock in her hand. Looking up at him she saw Troy's eye's open in surprise. Tania brought her tongue to his cock and ran it over the knob licking their juices, tasting herself. Then she used her lips, before pushing as much of him into her mouth as she could take. She sucked back hard and he came off it with a 'plop'. 

Tania had never before done such a thing after sex with her husband. She had never before cleaned his cock. Troy immediately began to harden again. When she glanced up at him, he recalled how Bailee had looked up the same way.

"I can never go back there. I don't need to go back," he thought. 

"You like that lover," Tania said, still grasping the lower half of his cock.

His look told her he did indeed like it. 

"Let's go catch a shower together," she said rising, before kissing him deeply again.

-----------------------

As they stood in the shower holding each other, both knew they had sailed close to the wind. 

"If you've kissed someone, don't do it again," Tania suddenly warned him bluntly.

"I don't need to do that," answered Troy, neither confirming nor denying.

Tania didn't want to know. Whatever had occurred, she was confident she had her man back.

Troy knew he would not keep his appointment with Bailee the following day.

When they collected their children, Tania asked her sister to take the 4 to 6.pm slot with their mother the coming week.

"Can you phone the agency to find another nurse," Tania told to her sister.

Troy listened to this without saying a word.

"That male nurse," he thought, recalling Chris. 

Troy knew something had happened. The idea didn't worry him as much as he'd thought it would. 

"If it's contributed to what occurred in the lounge today, then I can live with that."

He imagined his wife naked with another man and began to get hard.