 [The circumstances surrounding this story are true, but I have not acted on this fantasy. I could never take such risks. If I gave 'Diane' as much power as I did in my story she would use it to destroy me, I just know that. She has no idea that I am attracted to her and my wife would NEVER suspect I would have any interest in someone like her. I never refer to my wife by name, for some reason my fantasy would seem wrong if I included her name. Enjoy my fantasy.]

*

Our renter, Diane, is habitually late in paying her rent. Each month around the 5th or 6th I have to call her and setup a time to come by to pick up a check. Diane is a 40 something unemployed divorcee with two children. This month was no different and I planned to stop by after work to pick up my check. I got caught up at the office and wasn't able to stop by until eight. The house has an iron gate with a pool inside a courtyard and the master bedroom overlooks the pool. It was already dark and the draperies were open. In the corner of my eye I saw a completely naked woman on top of a man on the bed in the master bedroom.

I stopped dead in my tracks and just watched. It was Diane. She was out of shape and overweight, but watching her ride that guy's cock gave me a hard-on. Her breasts were heavy as they bounced and I imagined fucking her myself. I knew I could if I wanted, but I would never risk my marriage for a one nightstand with a knockout, much less my homely, middle-age renter. 

Just as these thoughts ran through my head Diane looked over and her eyes fixed on me. Her gaze was smooth and she wasn't shocked to see me. I didn't look away, but just watched as she watched me. Her gaze fell slowly and she began to smile as she saw the tent in my pants. I quickly turned and left, embarrassed. 

When I got home I didn't mention what I had seen, but my wife did ask me if I picked up the check. I told her I got tied up at work and didn't stop by in time to get it. Just after dinner I suggested that we could have a quickie in the bathroom before putting the kids to bed. I helped her take off her pants, leaving her shirt on, I turned her around and pushed her against the counter. Pushing her down I helped her spread her legs giving me access to her pussy from behind I closed my eyes and imagined I was fucking Diane. It only took me a couple of minutes to blow my wad inside of her. I had a smirk on my face when I opened my eyes and I looked down into the mirror and saw my wife's face pressed against the marble counter, her eyes wide and bewildered. I hadn't realized it, but I was pressing her face down with one hand and holding her waist with the other. I immediately pulled my hand off of her face, there was a red hand print from my weight on her face. She didn't say anything as she pulled up her pants and left the bathroom. I stared at myself in the mirror and decided I was an asshole. 

Just as I finished getting my clothes back on the phone rang and my wife answered it. It was Diane asking why I hadn't stopped by to pick up the check. My wife suggested that I could come by right then and Diane agreed. Turning to me, my wife's face still had my hand print and her makeup was smeared from the counter. I tried to get out of it, suggesting it was too late, but my wife insisted. On the drive over I wondered what I would say. Turns out I wouldn't have to say much.

I walked to the front door and as soon as I knocked on the door Diane came to the door. She was wearing a silk robe tied tightly around her large waist. She invited me in and as I closed the door behind me she walked into the kitchen. Opening her checkbook she pulled out a check and began filling it out. Smiling as she wrote she asked, "So, you liked what you saw today?" I changed the subject and asked her about a pump the pool guy replaced a few days earlier. 

Diane had her back to me and as she turned she untied the belt allowing her rode to gape open. She held the check behind her back with one hand and opened her robe by putting her other hand on her hip. She was naked under the robe, her breasts were swollen and heavy, her hips we wide and her bush was untamed. She just stared at me. I had just fucked my wife, while thinking about this woman. She was offering herself to me. Diane asked, "do you jack off thinking about me?" I told her I hadn't, but she didn't believe me, "I saw the way you were looking at me, tell the truth." I admitted that my wife and I had sex just before I came over. Diane's smile broadened and she took a step toward me. Her left breast exposed she asked, "What would your perfect housewife say if she knew you were thinking of me while you fucked her?" I looked away, staring down at the floor, but not taking a step. I didn't breath, my mind racing. 

Taking another step toward me she let her robe slip off her shoulders, standing in front of me completely naked and said, "When you get home I want you think of me when you fuck your wife." She handed the check to me and I left. When I got home I didn't waste any time getting my wife in bed. I couldn't get the image of Diane out of my head as fucked my wife again for the second time. 

The next day my phone rang just before lunch. It was Diane asking, "Did you think of me?" I responded, "Yes." Diane then said, "there is a problem with the pump, can you stop by after work?" I agreed. I knew there was nothing wrong with the pump, but I couldn't resist the thought of continuing this fantasy. 

Diane opened the door and told me to hurry. Confused I walked in and she led me to the bedroom. I began to explain how I couldn't, but she pointed to a chair just inside of her closet. It was positioned so that someone sitting in it would have a clear view of the bed. Just then her doorbell rang and she pushed me inside of the closet and pushed the door closed. It was open just enough so I could see the bed. I froze. I thought about it and decided to leave, but just as I was about to step out of the closet Diane and the man entered the room. The pair began making love. He took his time. Diane was vocal in her expression of pleasure. I stood there, frozen, helpless. Then I began feeling jealous of the man in Diane's bed. I knew she would let me take his place, but I knew I couldn't. I couldn't cheat on my wife, on my family. 

My humiliation was complete as I stood there fully aroused by this homely woman making love to this stranger. What was I doing? I knew when I agreed to stop by what I was getting myself into, but I was weak. The man groaned loudly as he ejaculated inside of her. Diane was spent, but she told him he had to get out before her kids came home. He dressed and left as I stood in the dark closet. Moments later Diane came back to the bedroom. The bulge in my pants told her everything. I didn't say anything as I hurried out of the house. Diane called to me as I left, "Don't mention to you wife that you are thinking of me when you fuck her tonight!" 

I slammed the door behind me and did just that. That night I could barely contain myself. I pushed my wife from behind against the bed and entered her from the rear. Pounding her roughly she wasn't thrilled. I closed my eyes and imagined I was torturing Diane's fat ass with my hard cock. I filled her quickly and she was quite frustrated with me. She didn't understand what had just happened. She wanted to talk, I didn't. 

Two weeks passed and I had pushed the incident with Diane out of my head, focusing on work. Of course Diane had other plans. Sitting in my inbox was a message from her with an attachment. I knew I should delete it without opening it, but I couldn't stop myself from opening it. It was a picture of Diane exposing her breasts to the camera. She had that shit-eating grin I hate so much on her face, but I found myself getting aroused. It was perverted. I began rubbing my cock under my desk and soon jacking off in the middle of the day in my office to the picture of that homely, overweight renter of mine. Had anyone walked in I would have been caught. I managed to relieve myself before anyone came in. I saved the photo on my hard drive and deleted the email. For the next two weeks Diane emailed me erotic photos of herself and while I decided to avoid jacking off in the office, I couldn't resist jacking off to her photo at the house. Before bed I would sit alone in the bathroom staring at the pictures imagining what it would be like to fuck my homely renter. I wanted her so bad. The irony was that I had a beautiful woman laying in bed waiting for me, I wanted the 40-something woman with stretch marks, wide hips and sagging tits. What was wrong with me?

It had been two weeks since I last made love to my wife, but I had only realized this fact when she brought it up. I had been exclusively fantasying about Diane instead of making love to my beautiful wife. That evening Diane stopped by the house with her check, a first in the history of her tenancy. My wife invited her in and offered her a drink. Diane was headed out for a date and she looked like she was ready for action. For the second time I was jealous. Who was she going out with? Was she going to sleep with him? I didn't say much, leaving the chit-chat to Diane and my wife. Then Diane excused herself to use the bathroom. When she returned she furtively handed me something. She had balled up her panties and put them in my hand. They were damp and I was beginning to smell them. 

I quickly excused myself and went upstairs to my closet. After I was securely inside I opened my hand and found a red thong. Without thinking I lifted it to my nose and could smell her scent on the damp panties. It was a strong odor and I immediately became aroused. Then I heard a knock on the door to my closet. It was Diane. She said, "your wife said you would be right back, she had to run to pick up the kids from practice." 

Hiding the panties from view I walked out of the closet to see Diane picking through my wife's drawers. She found her lingerie drawer and began commenting on how lovely they were. She found one that could possibly fit her, in that it was made to stretch. I suggested that my wife might not appreciate her going through her drawers and she quickly responded, "your wife might not appreciate the fact that you think of me when you fuck her tight and toned little body." Of course she was right. She stuffed the lacy black lingerie set in her purse and said, "I am sure she won't mind if I borrow this for a few days" and then pointed down at my crotch and said, "you better jack off quick before you wife gets back with the kids" and promptly left. I sat in floor, her panties held to my nose as I jerked off thinking of making love to this woman. It was a pathetic sight had anyone been there to witness how low I had sunk.

Diane clearly had too much time on her hands. The next day she sent another picture of her wearing the lingerie. It was too small for her by a long shot and I suspected she had ruined it. She left a voicemail message for me suggesting that I could stop by to pick up the 'item' later in the day. After work I drove to the house and knocked on the door. Diane's daughter opened the door and called for her mother. Diane came to the door with a shopping bag. She told her daughter to go play and explained that I should get my wife to put it on tonight while we had sex. I would be able to smell Diane all over it. 

When I got to the car I opened the package and her odor was overwhelming. I replaced the lingerie just as Diane had instructed and suggested to my wife that she put it on. She was happy to do so, but when she came out she was wearing a white negligee instead. I asked where the black one was and she explained that she must have lost weight as it seemed loose. I told her I wanted her to put it on and she reluctantly agreed. 

My wife's breasts didn't fill out the top and the crotch was gaping slightly. Diane had really stretched the fabric. I turned out the lights as we climbed in bed. In the darkness I closed my eyes and recalled the picture of Diane in the negligee. I made my way to her crotch and licked the fabric to release Diane's scent. She had soiled the panties with her juices and I wanted to taste them. The scent was unmistakably Diane. I pushed the panties aside and began fucking her, faster and faster. I imagined Diane below me, her arms wrapped around my neck as I pounded her. I could smell Diane as I ejaculated, it was a powerful feeling. When it was over my wife was satisfied and I was even more frustrated than I had been. I wanted Diane even more now.

Diane didn't call or email for the next two weeks. I knew she was waiting for me to make the next move. I wasn't going to do anything. In fact, I was relieved in a strange way. Of course half way through the next month my wife asked if I had received the rent check. I asked her if she could handle it, but she insisted that I was the one who had the brilliant idea of owning rental property and I would be the one to make collection calls. 

I dialed Diane's number and she sounded happy to hear from me. I kept it all business and asked if she could drop a check in the mail. Diane said I could come by and pick it up if I liked, otherwise she wasn't sure when she would have time to drop it in the mail. I looked at my wife and told her I would be by in a few minutes. 

Diane was wearing a loosely fitting sun dress without a bra or panties that I could see. She smiled and gave me a hug as I came in. She told me how much she missed me. I asked were her kids were and she explained they were with their father for the week. I followed her to the kitchen where instead of filling out a check she offered me a glass of wine, which I accepted and quickly finished. 

Diane got down to business. She pressed her body against mine and asked me to make love to her. I told her I couldn't. Her hand found its way to my crotch were she traced the outline of my growing cock. Once I felt her fingers on it I got hard and she squeezed it begging me to put it inside of her. I pulled myself from between her and the counter and stepped away explaining how I couldn't do that to my kids. 

Her face changed and she asked, "what would your wife say if she knew you masturbated to naked pictures of me? What would she say if she knew you had a pair of my panties in your dresser? What would she say if she knew you let me wear her lingerie, afterward fucking her in them? What would she say if she knew you thought of me when you had sex with her? I don't think she would be too happy." 

It had gone too far. I told her I couldn't do it. I couldn't sleep with her, despite how much I wanted to. She then offered, "okay if you won't make love to me, I want you to masturbate while I watch." It seemed like a compromise I could live with. It wasn't cheating. It wouldn't be any different than what I had been doing for weeks. I agreed. 

She led me to the living room where she pointed to an upholstered chair. I sat in the chair as she left the room returning with a white hand towel. She laughed seeing me sitting in the chair awkwardly. She walked over to me and helped me up and began unbuttoning my shirt and then my pants. I stood there as she helped me undress. I sat back down, completely naked with my clothes neatly folded next to the chair. I was aroused and began to masturbate as she watched. She took off her dress, pulled the ottoman close to the chair and sat opposite from me fondling her own breasts and rubbing her clit. 

I was about to ejaculate when Diane told me to stop. I stopped, my climax still building. Diane leaned back spreading her legs to open her vagina to me, said, "cum on my clit." I scooted forward in the chair awkwardly until my penis was just over her vagina. I could see how wet she was. I wanted to slide my penis inside of her right then, but I resisted the temptation and finished masturbating, my semen shooting all over her vagina. Diane rubbed it all over the lips of her pussy, managing to get some of it inside of her vagina. It turned me on to see my semen in her pussy. I wanted to fuck her so badly. I was still holding my penis over her, though it was softening I let the tip touch her pussy for a moment. I could feel the heat and I wanted her. Something came over me and I regained my senses. 

I stood up and reached for the towel, but Diane grabbed it and said, "my towel!" She then, in a business like manner, took my penis in one hand and the towel in the other and began cleaning me off. I didn't pull away, instead I let her hold me. I was only partially aroused, but feeling her fingers around my penis I was getting hard again. She finished toweling me off, but didn't let go. She leaned in and whispered, "you know it is only a matter of time before you make love to me, why are you torturing us both?" I pulled away and quickly dressed instead of answering her. Diane the said, "If you want to keep seeing me I have one rule." With those words I realized what was going on, I was 'seeing' her. What was I doing. She continued, "You can't cum inside of your wife, your semen is for me. You can fuck her all you want, but don't cum in her." I was bewildered as I left. Why did she care about whether or not I ejaculated? It didn't make sense to me. I left in a hurry.

Later that evening I secretly called Diane and told her I forgot the check. She, of course, knew and suggested that I stop by in the morning before work to pick it up. I agreed. She then reminded me of the rule and asked if I agreed. I reluctantly said yes. How would she know anyway?

Later that night my wife wanted to have sex, but despite the fact that I wasn't in the mood she insisted. I had already cum on Daine's vagina so I was able to bring my wife to orgasm without ejaculating. It felt strange not to finish, but I decided to give Diane's rule a try. 

The next morning I stopped by and she invited me in. I told her I would just wait outside, but she explained if I wanted the check I would come inside. She asked if I followed her rule. I explained to her what happened the night before. She then explained that she didn't think it was fair that everyone was getting off except her. I laughed asking her how I could help. She pulled out a slender dildo from a drawer and explained that if I wanted the check I would giver her an orgasm with the dildo. Without an alternative and because I secretly wanted to do it, I agreed. 

I followed her to her bedroom where she undressed. She insisted that I remove my clothes as well. She laid on a pile of pillows so she could watch me as I used the dildo. Just as I positioned myself on the end of her bed I she asked, "are you sure you don't want to make love?" I told her I was sure and I began rubbing the dildo around her cunt. It was wet and I slipped it inside. Diane kept me informed as to what was working and what wasn't working. 

I was on all fours, with my cock completely hard. I wanted to pull out the dildo and fuck the shit out of her. It didn't take long for her to climax. She asked if I wanted to cum and of course I did. She told me to lay down and she began rubbing my penis in her hand. Suddenly I realized I was naked in bed with another woman. I tried to rationalize how this wasn't cheating as I felt Diane sucking my penis in her mouth. Oh my God! It felt so good. My wife had never given me a blowjob. 

Diane squeezed my balls and just before I came she stopped sucking and quickly jerked my penis up and down with her hand until I ejaculated. She milked it until I was spent and my body relaxed and I closed my eyes. Diane climbed over me and when I opened my eyes her face was an inch away from mine. She smiled and asked how I liked it. I told her the truth, 'it was amazing.' She lowered her vagina onto the length of the shaft of my cock and slid back and forth through the semen. She moved forward just to the point I could feel the head of my cock against her opening. I was so close to pressing forward, penetrating her, and I even began to tilt my pelvis so that I could, but I quickly regained my composure and squirmed out from under her pulling my pants on before she climbed out of bed. 
