 After that night on the beach with Jack, Trudy was a different woman. Transformed.

Alive, yes... but also more than that - confident, carefree... even glowing. Cliche I know. Most of all however she was hungry with desire for more... pandoras box had been opened and now the key was being thrown away; the beast had been freed and would not be going back.

Sat in bed the following morning, obviously the conversation was all about the night before and how we both felt now it had happened... very quickly it was obvious that she was already thinking about the next time... wanting it to be soon.

I should not really have been surprised when she said she knew who she wanted to seduce next, and had actually been considering him before Jack came along. My cock paid immediate attention at the thought of another night of watching my wife submit her body to another bull.

I asked the obvious question... "Who"?

"Soloman" she said. The black pool guy. "I want to try my first black cock, another new experience... I need to know if what they say is true."

Now Soloman was a young, athletic, muscular guy who came to the villa 3 days per week to clean the pool. Originally from Morocco and as black as the ace of spades, he had been in Spain for a few months trying to earn some money and better himself; he had told us this when exchanging early pleasantries on his first visit to clean the pool. His English learned at school and college, and practised on tourists.

Trudy said. "I caught him looking at me out of the corner of his eye when I was sunbathing the other day. I wasn't sure at first, but when I lay on my back, with my knees raised I suddenly realised he was ogling the area between my legs... I was 100% certain when I saw the bulge in his shorts, and he had to turn away to hide it, but not before I got a good idea of the size of him". 

"I was going to mention it, but then Jack came along". 

She made another confession too, something else she'd "forgotten" to mention. After she had caught him watching her, she had flirted with him a little... did the old "can you rub some more cream on my back" routine.

She had teased him, and asked about girlfriends, or a wife (none of either)... he told her he was just 21, and admitted he liked white girls, apparently all African men love the milky skin of a white woman... a sharp contrast to their blackness; and all have ambitions of sleeping with one... so he told her. While they talked about this, and as he rubbed sun cream in to the same milky skin he was talking about, he had tried his luck a little she now admitted. 

She cheekily had asked him if he had achieved the African mans dream... and he told her that he'd had sex with two white teenage holidaymakers (amazingly losing his virginity to the first at 19 according to him)... but that they were drunk, silly girls who would have fucked anything that bought them a drink... too pissed to fully take part in proceedings. A disappointment. These didn't count according to Soloman, who would prefer an older, experienced woman that would appreciate his attentions, and hopefully educate him in the ways of the world given his few experiences so far. As he was explaining this, his hands had wandered, and were now oiling the back of Trudy's thighs... dipping in between her legs, but maintaining a respectful distance from her womanhood. Enough for Trudy to get his drift, but without pushing his luck in case he had read the situation wrong. He did not need the attention of the Spanish authorities for fondling a white woman. 

"So" I said... "how we gonna do this, what's the plan"? And we began to plot my wife's first experience of an ethnic dick.

We decided to peak his interest first... a test, or a lure, reel him in a little bit more... get his attention.

We knew what time he arrived on his visits... 0800 on the dot, his first job before the sun got too hot. We could also hear him arrive, as the side gate he used squeaked on its hinges - bone dry in the heat.

So on Monday morning, as he arrived and started to clean the pool, he glanced casually towards the villa and stopped, transfixed at the site of Trudy's naked body, fresh from the shower in the master bedroom. The bedroom was on the corner of the building and could be accessed directly from the pool by double sliding patio doors... although curtained for privacy, one of these doors had been left slightly open on purpose, allowing the narrow view in to the room that Soloman was now drinking in.

Trudy knew he was there. Watching. Wondering. Dreaming. She could see him in the dressing table mirror set to one side of the room. She reached up and tied her hair back, her ample but firm bosom rising up as she did... she put one foot then the other in turn on a stool under the dressing table (her back to the window and to Soloman) while she slowly, and very seductively, rubbed body lotion in to her skin... making her milkyness shimmer and glisten as it moisturised her. By doing so, this also had another bonus for Soloman; because she was leaning forward when reaching for her ankles it afforded him a better view of her soft, fleshy arse and a slight hint of her snatch.

He got a full on view of the slit of her cunt when she bent over double to select her underwear from a drawer at the bottom of the dresser... lingering there on purpose, as if unsure which to chose.

She glanced back and was overjoyed to see his hand was inside his shorts, stroking his cock... and even from that distance it was obvious that one of the rumours about black men was most definitely true in his case.

But today wasn't the day... it was the entree, the foreplay. She dressed as if he wasn't there, and when she stepped outside through the patio, spotted him and spoke to him casually, as he tried his best not to show his guilt at watching her through the window. She had him, and she knew it. Her pussy was getting wet at the thought of what would come next, if all went to plan. Wednesday could not arrive soon enough.

The big day. Men are creatures of habit. Especially men who witnessed something that made them hard. As soon as Solomon arrived on Wednesday morning, his first furtive glance was always going to be toward the bedroom and those windows, desperate for a repeat performance, and hopefully more... obvious psychology. 

He was not to be disappointed. This time however, as we heard the gate squeal acknowledging his presence, Trudy lay down naked on the bed and spread herself wide and began gently probing her labia with one hand and squeezing a nipple with the other. I sat in a chair in the corner of the room, watching the show and knowing exactly what Soloman would be feeling and thinking right about now, as he glanced in to the room.

From his position, he could only see her head, shoulders and occasionally her tits if she arched her back upward. Again deliberate on our part, to force him to come closer for a better view. Soloman could tell what she was doing to herself, he could see her eyes closed and just make out her low moans, and gasps as her fingers plundered further inside her. As we'd hoped, he had to see for himself... was compelled to hear the words she uttered from her mouth as she fucked herself.

He crept to the corner of the building and peered around it through the ajar patio door. 

He watched intently at her fingers working both inside her and flicking frantically around her clit... her mounds were swollen, her face flushed, her nipples like bullets... her moans became more urgent and constant, and then became words... "oh yes, fuck me... oh yes... yes... oh I need your cock... use me" 

He had already reached inside his shorts and was tugging at his cock as she reached climax, and in that instance, as he saw her entire body shudder and cover itself in goosebumps, he forgot himself and groaned out her name... "Trudy"... 

He realised his mistake and instantly looked to her to see if she had heard him... and found her staring right back at him... he ducked round the corner like a scolded child, knowing he had been caught. Embarrassed but as horny as hell.

Then he heard her call out to him... "Hi Soloman, don't be shy... I knew you were there watching... I was thinking of you Soloman, I was fantasising about your huge cock... it was you fucking me in my imagination... would you like to come inside" she said giggling at her own double entendre. 

We had already had the conversation about condom or no condom, especially because of the increased aids risk in Africa, but she made up her mind that it had to be bareback. She wanted to be seeded by her first black guys cum, not let it go to waste in a rubber bag. She reckoned the risk was low given his young age and lack of experience so wanted to go for it. To get the full package.

He stepped in through the patio door in to the bedroom, looking at her nakedness on the bed in front of him, until he saw me sat in the chair in the corner and froze, looking a bit nervous and puzzled now... wondering what I was doing there.

"Don't worry about him" said Trudy... "He won't do anything but watch us, he's not going to hurt you, I promise... are you Dan?"

I just smiled at him, shook my head slowly from side to side and then made a hand gesture that suggested "be my guest".

She continued... "I will let you in to a secret. You will be my first black man, that makes you special... and I will be your first proper white woman and I promise to give you all of my undivided attention and let you use me as you want, except for anal... that's a no. In return I will continue your education."

With that he stepped forward, dropping his left hand on to the breast nearest to him and played with its nipple. His right hand slid up from her knees, between her thighs and on in to her soaking wet fanny. "OK" he said... "now I will show you the stamina and power of an African... I will ride you like a rhino, you will not fuck a white man again after tonight, that is my promise to you."... "Prove it" she said... and this time I was the one to gasp out loud.

She could see his cock desperately trying to break free of his shorts, only the tight string preventing it from forcing its way through the band at the top. She reached up and pulled at the knot, and yanked his shorts to his knees, from there gravity took over and they fell the rest of the way on their own. If Jack was a big man, Soloman was bigger. An extra couple of inches, and as thick as a can of red bull. Trudy's eyes widened... craving the jet black, rock-hard rod instantly, but wondering seriously if she could take it.

He moved to the end of the bed and placed his head between her legs... kissing, and licking inside each thigh in turn, descending slowly to her shorn pubes. 

His tongue touched her love lips and sent shocks of electricity through her body... he started gently, flicking his tongue like a rattle snake around the entrance of her sexuality... but his youthfulness took over, his eagerness to please, and he was soon eating her cunt with everything he had... a deep mewling noise came from Trudy with every move of his jaw and those larger African lips on her own. He slid four fingers inside her... she was so wet, it was easy... and finger fucked her furiously until she began to squirt... flooding the bedsheets, before cuming hard on to his fingers. He withdrew them, put them to his nose and said... "I love the smell of a white woman... it is the smell of sex, the scent of my prowess."

He went to enter her missionary style then, but she stopped him. How can I say this delicately... well personal hygiene in African men is not the same as a Europeans, especially a young man who spends his time working and sweating in the sun in Spain. Trudy liked her men clean and fragrant, and not with an odour of unwashed animal, especially if she was to suck on that giant member of his.

So she swung her legs from under him, grabbed him by the cock, and dragged him towards the wet room shower, as he discarded his t-shirt along the way. It was a big open space, no cubicle to restrict movement offering the best of both worlds... fuck yourself clean!

She reached in and turned the water on, then stepped back around Soloman so he was facing the wall under the shower head, and she pressed herself against him, her breasts jammed under his shoulder blades. She opened the shower gel, and poured a large pool of it in her free hand. After putting the bottle back she reached her arms around him, underneath his armpits and began lathering his smooth muscular pecks, then traced down to his stomach... but stopping at the point where his wiry pubic hair started... taking a step back washing, caressing his muscular shoulders and arms, down between his shoulder blades to the small of his back.

She quickly got another dose of shower gel, then placed both hands on his firm buttocks, and rubbed up and down, squeezing softly occasionally... she slowly descended to her knees behind him, then slid her hands between his legs, at the bottom of his crack... making him part his legs a little, and providing her with enough room to reach under and cup his scrotum, cleaning his balls... 

She moved on, her hands around his upper thighs... first one then the other... and then his calves and feet in turn... now all that was left was to clean his swollen, angry cock... as black as coal except for the purple and pink coloured bellend.

She grabbed his hips and spun him around, she took in the sight of him first, standing there lean, extremely muscular, 6 pack stomach, thighs like an Olympic sprinter, calves like a super model, tall and proud, almost arrogant, with the most enormous member jutting far out in front of him... his dark, wet skin and his stance genuinely reminiscent of a wild black stallion, standing guard over his mare. She gripped his cock in both hands and applied soap up and down his entire length... wanking him as she cleaned his manhood.

When she was satisfied with her work, her lips replaced her hands on his throbbing shaft, parted and sliding up and down it sideways. Her tongue began to work the tip, while her left hand continued to grip the bottom of his dick, masturbating it slowly.

Her mouth closed over the end, and he thrust forward slightly, in to her throat... touching her tonsils, making her gag, saliva drooling from the corner of her mouth... he kept doing it, and each time he did he was leaving it there, pausing for an extra second everytime... slowly asserting his authority over her... now holding her by the hair on the back of her head clamping her in place.

Eventually, when she was almost choking, he withdrew from her, then tugged her hair upward, indicating that he wanted her to stand. As she drew to her full height he stooped and kissed her lips... tasting himself on her... he reached for her arse and pulled her in to him, his rod pressed firmly against her stomach and her nipples squashed hard against his ribs, while the kiss became more heated.

He spun them both around and pushed her back against the wall under the shower head, water cascaded between her cleavage, forming a small river down to her bellybutton, then onward across her shaved pussy lips and down her thighs and legs.

He knelt down, and parted her legs. His hand immediately finding her cunt and slipping three fingers inside her, then pumping his arm back and forth like a piston making her squirt in seconds. Fingers were replaced by those thick African lips, and his lashing, plundering tongue. She had both hands on his head now urging him to explore her. She wasn't far off cuming now he knew, despite his inexperience, he could feel her legs stiffen and hold herself rigid in anticipation of the explosion. But he wasn't going to let it happen just yet. He was in control now and he wanted her first orgasm to happen when he took her with his swollen cock. He stopped, and slowly raised himself. I could see the frustration on Trudy's face as I stood at the bathroom door, denied of her reward. But she soon forgot all about her disappointment, when he spun her round, placed her arms and legs in the 'assumed position' like she was going to be frisked, and then pulled back on her hips exposing her sodden entrance.

He guided the tip of his cock to her opening... and nuzzled it up and down vertically... teasing her... then said to her... "before I take you, you have to agree that once I do, that I own you. That your body, and especially your cunt is mine and mine alone until you leave for home. That we will be doing this again when I come back on Friday, you are my bitch now and will do anything to please me and obey me when I command you to do something. He... (meaning me) does not get to fuck you. You did promise me your undivided attention". 

What could she say, her legs were aching, burning in expectation of him thrusting deep inside, her stomach full of butterflies... craving him. Her head was spinning, fuelled by lust, and guilt at what she was about to do... "I promise"... 

"Promise what, bitch?" He said... "That I am yours to pleasure at your will, that I will obey, that he will not fuck me... she said meekly.

The balance of power had now shifted entirely.

My cuckoldness took the next step, as a result of her words. I confess I felt angry and let down at that point for a second... that is until I saw him push himself inside her at last, stretching her pussy as wide as it had ever been except for child birth. 

She let out a long guttural noise, as he pushed deeper, and deeper until he could physically go no further... so big that it would not all go in. Her dragged her further back from the wall, bending her further forward, so she was gripping her ankles and then began to hammer his black mamba snake in and out, faster, and faster... no subtlety, all power and stamina like a rhino, as he had said. 

It took no more than 15 seconds of loud shrieks and panting breath, and some choice words demanding him not to stop before she came. His cock sheathed white with her pussy's lubricant... 

He turned off the shower above her head, while still inside her, then withdrew and ordered her to the bed.

He sat down, back against the headboard, and beckoned her over. He guided her on to him, in reverse cowgirl position... her head thrown back and a deep satisfying groan emitting from her as she slid slowly down his pole.

Her reached around her, rubbing her clit as she leaned back into him, rising and falling along his length... his other hand fondled a breast and nipple, their lips meeting eventually, tongues fencing with each other.

He looked so good inside her, so utterly dominant and strong, not a hint of strain on his face, rising up to meet her like a machine. Her cunt was so wet it made the occasional unflattering slurp, as his rod created a vacuum inside her, every millimeter of her vagina touched and sealed by his girth.

She began to pant, and mouth all the usual words about how good it was... her entire body shuddered as she released more of her cum on him.

"Now he said, it is time for me to seed you... to make you the property of black men, and black cocks forever." 

He turned her around, now standard cowgirl style, and just continued to pound upward, slapping noises between her butt cheeks and his thighs.

I had come myself a few times by now... but you don't need to know about me now, I am not important, she is. My cuckoldness becoming more complete by the minute. I may as well not have been there, if it wasn't what I wanted for my own gratification.

Both his hands were now cupping her orbs and now and then he leaned over to suck hard on her nipples... heightening her senses more.

He stopped and pushed her off him, on to her stomach... he would be coming soon and she would not be on top when he did, he would be over her... establishing his superiority as he seeded her white ass.
