 It's been a long night. The new gal I am seeing isn't available, so I thought I would hang out on the new erotic web site and chat. Maybe get a little cyber sex. I hear a loud knock and get up to see who it could be this late. Opening the door, it's my new fuck-buddy.

'Can I help you?' I ask, with my eyebrows raised.

'Actually you can. May I come in, it's a little cold out here.'

I open the door wider as I step aside to let her in. Mm, Mmm. She has a cape wrapped around her and barefoot. My cock comes alive. I close the door and admire the view as she walks into the living room. Me? Wearing my very comfortable boxer-briefs, which have just become very uncomfortable, as my cock swells, just thinking of fucking her.

'I thought you couldn't come over?'

'I have a surprise for you.' Turning, just then she drops the cape. And there she is in all her glory, naked, shaved and looking extremely sexy.

'Really? What could that be, besides the outfit or lack of.' 

'Come to the couch.' As she wiggles a finger at me. Now I can smell her scent. I breathe deep.

'Wouldn't the bedroom, be more comfortable?' As I walk towards her. 

'Not right now.' Placing her hands on my shoulders, she pulls me down to kiss me, moving her tongue expertly into my mouth.

'Mmmm.' I moan into her kiss, pulling her into me and pressing her ass into my hard on. She steps back and turns me, but does not let me sit. Moving her hands down my sides, under my waistband, she grabs my ass with her nails. Now I know my cock is ready, and bursting to be out of it's constriction. Hooking her thumbs on the waistband, she slowly, draws my underwear down to my ankles and helps me step out of them. 

While kneeling her lips barley brush against my cock, making it twitch, anticipating, hoping. She works her way up, kissing the crease at my thigh, she parts my legs and strokes ever so lightly my inner thighs, up to my balls as she moves higher with hands and lips. She makes it as far as my nipples and stops. Giving each one the love and attention she knows I like. Up around my shoulders. She stops, looks at me and pushes me to the couch.

Now she begins to work her way across to my ears, down my neck, all the while, stroking my nipples with her nails. Moaning as I return some of the favor, caressing her body. 

'Touch me again, and I leave.' She whispers. My hands suddenly freeze, I lift them off of her and place them behind my head. She kisses to my nipples again as I moan louder.

'Oh yes, baby, you need to fuck me.' I move my hips up against her. She looks up to me and smiles as she completely kneels between my legs, parting them further. Leaning slightly forward, without using her hands, she takes the tips and licks it, while stroking my legs, from ankle to inner thighs. Up and around my waist and butt. Not normally being ticklish, this makes me jump, ever so slightly. She continues to lean up and lick just the tip.

By now my pre-cum, is leaking, and she's licking it all up. One last time she leans up and takes the whole tip into her mouth and swirls her tongue around the tip and under the ridge, back again. Putting her hands under my ass and digging her claws in. I recline back and close my eyes, wanting to enjoy the sensational pleasure she is heaping on me. 

She moves up and down my shaft, slowly, letting her tongue play up and down. The suction is getting stronger each time she goes down and backup. One hand encases my balls and pulls down as she sucks harder.

'Mmmm, baby, yes,' I moan as she moves a little quicker. Her other hand squeezes the bottom of my cock, hard and my cock engorges and swells more. Now she's moving faster, sucking and playing with the tip. I move my hips faster, trying to get her to go deep on me. Suddenly she sits back and stops. She looks up me, and just smiles. As her mouth completely engulfs my cock. She moans vibrating the tip at the back of her throat. She sucks really hard up the whole length to the tip, sucking all my pre-cum out.

'Honey, make me cum, oh yeah, make me cum.' Pleading, 'Let me touch your hair, I want to see you suck me off.' She stands up above me.

'Give me your hand.' I give it gladly to her as she takes my hand, spreads her legs and wipes her pussy. Her juices covering my hands. She gives it back to me and turns around. Setting her ass, slowly down, guiding my cock into her very tight and very wet pussy. She lowers inch my inch, grasping my cock, with her inner muscles.

'Please, let me touch you.' I plead with her.

'No, I like hearing you beg.' She replies.

'If I have beg too much, you will be bent over that coffee table.' I exclaim. I hear her chuckle. But then her pussy takes over my cock.

Moving up and down, she rests her hands on my knees. Coating my cock with her juices as they run down my balls. She raises up to the tip and lets the juices drip down my cock. Then, drops quickly, to penetrate deep with in her. Making me gasp. Building my cum. I'm still not sure why I cannot touch her, I definitely do not want her to stop.

Just as suddenly, she stops and raises to the tip turns and re- kneels and sucks me into her mouth. Pulling hard, moving quickly, she squeezes the base of my shaft like a cock ring, engorging me. I have become so swollen.

'Baby yes, fuck my cock, suck harder, make me cry out baby, yesssss.' I moan louder, she pulls down on my balls, harder, faster, the suction is so tight. I can feel myself about to explode and still I hold back, until she tweaks my nipple. I burst out of my cock and into her mouth. She takes me deep, swallowing all my seed. I hear her gulp, then suck me hard once again, milking me with her mouth. 

'Mmmm honey. Enough, you need to stop, I'm getting real sensitive.' I squirm around, to pull her off of me. She won't let go, I feel myself loosing it again as I still cum. Never have I been so far. I want my cock to relax and it won't.

'So going to bend me over the coffee table huh?' Looking up at me with a devious smile. I grab her and twist her around. Wiping off the table in one pass. I'm still hard and going to fuck the shit out her. I bend her right onto the coffee table and kneel behind her. I line up my cock at just her opening.

'Fuck me baby, deep and hard, like I want it, like you want it." She loudly proclaims. I arch my back as I pound my cock into her. Still can't believe I'm still hard as I slam into her, slapping my balls against her clit. Her pussy is so wet and tight. It clenches onto my cock and doesn't let go as I pull in and out, deeper with each thrust. I grab her hair and arch her back.

'Fuck with me, darlin'. I leaned forward to her ear. As I go back upright I use my other hand, slapping her ass, hard, feeling her pussy clench harder with each spank. Now her moving vigorously against my cock, making hit her harder. My cock never having been so deep.

We both scream together. I slowly let go of her hair, still pumping her and caress her back and ass as I feel her shudder with more release. My cock finally relaxes, completely spent. I fall back to the couch.

'Wow!' I exclaim to her. She turns and sits up and comes to me and kisses my now limp cock.

She stands up on slightly wobbly legs. 'What's the matter baby? Walking funny?'

'Not at all just a little weak in the knees, sweetie.' As she grabs her cape.

'Hey, where you going?' I look at her questioningly.

'Home. I just came over to surprise you.' She wraps back into her cape and walks out the front door.

Yep, she's a fuck-buddy to keep.