 Thursday:

After Soloman had took ownership of my wife's pussy the night before, I had to admit to myself that some of what happened was uncomfortable for me...I was utterly bereft to be honest about the ease that she had allowed him to claim her as his and complied with his demands. 

It disturbed me even more after she had confessed why she had wept...after much pleading by me. I mean, here was a woman who I had been with for over 25 years, the mother of my kids, but also a woman who had always been so dismissive of sex, occasionally bordering on frigid, and after sex with her first black man had not only willingly submitted herself entirely to his will, but was also having pangs of regret and remorse that she could not bear his child!! Openly admitting the thought of being impregnated by him was the most sensually erotic experience of her life.

Our boundaries, set only a few days ago before taking Jack inside her, now in danger of being blown wide open...and the chilling thing was she appeared not to care, she seemed utterly wanton in abandoning me in search of her greater discovery now.

All day Thursday she was like a junkie going through cold turkey...a sexual bundle of nervous energy, craving the next fix of her Masters dominance, his conquering member.

There was nothing I could do about it...I had set the beast free, I had been the one praying for cuckoldness, dreaming of it from being a teenager...suppressing my own urges much of my married life, until after that counselling session when my desires flowed free of me. My continued obsession, determined to liberate my wife of her sexual stupor. I should have been ecstatic...I had succeeded beyond all expectations...but I knew without doubt I had lost most of her yesterday. I had gone beyond cuckold almost instantaneously and was now more like a submissive to a dominatrix, forever dancing to her tune, and those of every bull she chose in future to accommodate her.

We sat mostly in awkward, uncomfortable silence for the rest of the day, and slept apart, making it easier to comply with Soloman's demands, removing temptation.

Friday: 

The gate hinges creaked at exactly 0800. We did not know what Soloman had in mind (other than some serious fucking of my wife) and so we had both got up and dressed early, waiting for him.

He strode in to the bedroom through the same patio doors...tall, proud and cocksure of himself. He spoke to Trudy first. "Have you done as I told you? Did you stay away from his cock?"

"Yes" 

"Yes what, bitch"

"Yes Master...my pussy is yours alone until we leave tomorrow, unless you command otherwise"

"Mmm...funny you mention that" he smirked. "I noticed you rented a car, do you drive, or does he have to do it?" 

"No, I can drive myself"...

"Good, then he will stay here, we will go for a drive to see some friends of mine"...

To be fair to Trudy, she looked unsure about this, and glanced at me for support...telepathically trying to remind me of the rule that she should not fuck men on her own, that I had to be there.

I may have been sexually dominated, but I was still a man, and I still loved my wife. The part of my job to protect her and make sure she was safe was ingrained in me, and I was not about to watch her drive off in to the sunset with a guy she only screwed 2 days ago...Master and Servant or not.

So I squared up to him...looked him in the eye, and spoke very calmly but with a steeliness to my tone. 

"Look Soloman, I accept that her cunt belongs to you until we leave...and I know and accept my place as a cuckold, but there is not a fucking chance of you taking her anywhere without me being there to protect her, to make sure she does not get hurt and forced to do things she does not want to do, just because you command it. It is not close to being a fucking option. Where she goes I go. End of".

I looked at her and was somewhat overwhelmed to see pride in her eyes. I still meant something to her. It gave me comfort.

Soloman took a step towards me and I braced myself for a confrontation...Trudy expecting the same, as she yelped..."Don't"...

We misunderstood. He took my hand and shook it. "Dan...it is Dan isn't it?"...I nodded..."Soloman respects you for protecting your woman...you are right to do so and are honourable, I like this. You will never see me again after today and you will be around for her always."

"Look, lets make a deal, the three of us. I promise you I would never have hurt her...I won't hurt her...you are welcome to come along with us, but I do have a surprise for her. I do want to push her boundaries, I do want her to experience more - but I swear to you and her, I will stop anything she is not comfortable with, or does not want to do...is this acceptable? Do you trust me? 

We looked at each other, but the choice was hers really...she'd already made her mind up though and nodded her approval gently.

We got in to the car, Soloman directing us out of town, in to the rural area behind it and in to the mountains. We left the main road and entered a dirt track, leading in to a forest of trees, which came to an end about half a mile in. Completely isolated.

We walked on foot for a few hundred meters following the sound of cascading water and then stepped in to a clearing. It was beautiful. A large plunge pool of crystal clear water at the foot of a waterfall, about 20ft in height. Two young black men were swimming (obviously naked) in the pool, cooling off from the heat of the sun.

Soloman's intentions began to dawn on both of us at the same time...he wanted to share her with these men, to complete her transition in to a woman who worshipped only black cock in future. His legacy of our time together.

"You understand what I have planned for you?" Soloman asked. Trudy nodded. "Are you ok with this...? At some point it could mean one of them will try and fuck your arse, while either me or another fills your cunt, or makes you suck us off? I will not take your anus, I am too big for it...but these guys are smaller than me, but still larger than Dan." 

"Who are they? What about protection, condoms...? I asked.

"They are my younger brothers, Moses and Abraham and both are virgins. Moses is 19, Abraham 20...my mother was busy being bred by my father for years...I have 3 other brothers and a sister, all below 16 back in Morocco."

"They are clean. They want to learn and want their first time to be memorable. Taking a white woman like you as their first lover will be a huge honour for them."

Before I could speak, Trudy turned her back to me and asked me to unzip her dress, letting it fall to the ground. She wore no bra again, but removed her silky briefs, exposing herself to all four of us...the lads in the pool were stood stock still, and so were their dicks.

She walked towards Soloman and kissed him deeply, thrusting her tongue in to his mouth and seeking his out. She turned sharply after a while and walked shoulders back towards the natural pool. When she was up to her knees Soloman's brothers approached her, Abraham in front, Moses behind. 

Abraham kissed her first, while Moses, fondled her buttocks...then she pushed her head backwards and kissed Moses, as Abraham turned his attention to her tits...sucking her nipples erect.

They were both big boys, but not like Soloman or Jacks size...about 8" or so and a good thickness, but not obscene.

She grappled a hard cock in each hand...until Moses dropped to his knees behind her and positioned his head beneath her opening seeking her out with his mouth, lips and tongue...Abraham's fingers now working her labia from the front.

Soloman watched approvingly...I smiled at the thought of him being slightly cuckolded by his brothers, forced to watch for now.

Being their first time, the boys were eager and short of patience and wanted to get their cocks inside her as quick as possible. She felt Moses stand up and push her forward at the waist, in prime position to beat his brother to the prize. As she bent, her lips met the tip of Abraham's stiff shaft and she took him in her mouth bobbing up and down eagerly. Within a few seconds, she could feel Moses seeking out her slot with his own manhood, eventually locating it and impatiently jamming himself deep inside her in one rough movement...causing her to yelp and then gag on Abrahams pole. Soloman chided him for his roughness and he apologised.

He did not last too long ...it was his first time, and he was inside a hallowed ground that most African men never get to experience...he did not come inside her however, unsure of whether he should or not, and Trudy unable to guide him as her mouth was still full of Abrahams member. Instead he shot his load between the cheeks of her arse, coating her arsehole...like icing on a chocolate cake. 

As Abraham witnessed his brother come, he felt himself about to blow too...Trudy noticed the signs, and grabbed his buttocks, clamping his cock inside her throat, where he released the first barrage of jizz over her tonsils and tongue...before she allowed him to pull out, and complete his ejaculation on her face.

She stood now and made Abraham kiss her while his own juices seeped from her lips on to his.

It was Soloman's turn to show his brothers how it should be done, how to make the white women cum, and how to have them bow to you...accept you as their God.

He strode out, naked and rock hard...he pushed her to her knees in the shallows and Abraham's sperm washed away in to the pool, properly swimming against a bigger tide. She swished her mouth and face with water to, ridding her of the remnants of Moses.

He took her by the hair, and directed her to a fallen tree at the edge of the pool bending her over it as if to spank her. He slid his hand between her legs, and then eased three fingers inside her and began to pump her fanny walls for all he was worth. She soon flooded, creating her own waterfall down the inside of her legs. 

When she was saturated, he swapped fingers for his thick, swollen shaft and took her from behind...increasing speed steadily...pounding at her, his hands on her hips. 

The noises Trudy made as he serviced her snatch were mesmerising, she was pleading with him to keep going...wanting as much as he could give her on their last day together...he duly obliged as she came three times before he changed position, each orgasm stronger and longer than the last.

He stood and then half leant / half sat on the fallen tree, his prick extending before him like one of the branches. She walked over to him, and still standing, lowered herself, facing him, on to his rod, kissing him deeply, breathing hard...no panting...as he began to move inside her again.

Moses walked across, and said..."I am going to take you in your ass...Ok..." ...Trudy did not answer, so he continued to part her arse cheeks, as Solomon continued a slow rhythmic tempo, metronomic in nature but up and down, not side to side. He placed his dick at the tight star shaped hole, and thrust to break the seal. His tip entered her and you could see her buttocks clench as it succeded. Slowly he progressed further in to her, not wanting to hurt her (well not to much, it would be uncomfortable anyway with Solomon's girth pressing against the other side of the thin internal divide between cunt and ass.)

It was an awkward dance in that position, not smooth at all, all fumbling and stuttering each man working against each other as they squirmed their cocks inside her orifices.

So they stopped to make it easier on themselves. 

Soloman lay on his back on some grass by the tree, Trudy lowered herself on to him cowgirl style and leant fully forward on to him, face to face with him...Moses then slid inside her exposed arse from above and both men began their excursions back and forth. The look on Trudy's face was a strange one, part bliss, part disbelief and part animal...she was being taken to another level.

Abraham was feeling a little left out it would seem, so he rectified the situation by standing in front of Trudy, astride Solomon beneath, and while two big, African spears were continuing their work of marking her indelibly as the property of black men, he added a third to the only void left to be filled ; her mouth.

He gripped her head, face fucking her. 

My mind was reeling, a few weeks ago she was as close to being as frigid as it got, since then she had taken her first different cock in over 25 years (unless of course she had cheated on me in that time due to frustration...looking at her now, it was entirely possible), then taken her first black (monster) cock and submitted herself to this mans will, mourned the fact he could not breed her and was now taking three sizeable black cocks at once. I mean WTF?

My daydreaming was interrupted by the sounds of four people reaching climax...Moses came first, depositing his seed in her arse, not withdrawing, followed by Abraham who came in Trudy's mouth withdrawing slightly after the first wave and coating her protruding tongue and lips with the rest of his cum.

No surprise that Soloman, the alpha male came last...well I say last, but it was joint last as he and Trudy came at the same time with him buried deep inside her, merging their juices...(again Trudy somehow hoping for a miracle, that this man was so virile he would beat her hysterectomy and impregnate her).

They untangled from each other, Trudy exhausted but looking serene, with the cum of three different men dripping from her cunt, oozing from her arse and dribbling from her lips.

She strolled to the pool and swam, and the men did the same, eventually encircling her and passing her between them, taking it in turns to kiss her and to fondle her, to probe and explore her with their fingers and mouth. Pass the parcel adult style.

After a short while Abraham addressed his oldest brother..."Soloman, I have yet to fuck her in any hole, I have had two blow jobs...Moses has fucked her arse and pussy, and you have taken her pussy twice. I think that should be evened up."

Trudy was the one who answered however, "you are right, technically you're still a virgin and that needs to change". Soloman nodded his approval. Still in control. Still her Master.

"Where do you want me...what position do you chose for your first time?"

His choice was a little unexpected. He backed her up to a large smooth bolder to the side of the waterfall, wet and slippery with lichen. He was still flaccid at this point however, so she reached for him and began stroking and teasing his cock to life while their lips and tongue met in a heated dual.

His fingers had returned the favour too, and were teasing her clit, sliding up and down her vagina walls as their kissing became more urgent.

He stepped forwards, in to her, and clamped his hands on either side of her buttocks, strong, powerful arms lifted her and she wrapped her legs around him, back pressed to the cold stone behind her...a sharp contrast to the heated flush of her skin.

He entered her while holding her there, fucking her standing up, her legs dangling in the air either side of him. His tight, muscular arse cheeks clenching and unclenching with every thrust of his hips, her swollen tits jiggling up and down as she slid against the smooth surface of the rock from his hammering.

She encouraged him with her soft moans, and laboured breath, and her words..."Yes Abraham, that's so good, harder Abraham...oh my god, your black brothers will be proud of you...fuck me hard Abraham...when you cum, you cum in me ok...do you hear me boy?" 

He responded by kissing her hard then stiffened as he shot his jizz up in to her cunt, not stopping though, continuing to pound her pussy as his juices spilled from him...he was not going soft, he just carried on...making sure he made her cum to, which happened a few seconds later making him howl out loud, celebrating his achievement of making a white woman climax on his prick.

Moses shouted, "I still need a blow job" and Abraham quick as a flash said, "and I still need to fuck her arse"...

Soloman was content to let them even things up, and so was Trudy, knowing his cock was always going to be the last to take her as his parting gift.

Back to the water it was, a quick rinse of her snatch and then out on to the grass next to the tree. Moses sat with his back to the tree, working himself hard...Trudy getting on all fours between his spread legs and helping him achieve erectness in double time as her tongue lashed his bellend. 

Abraham, tugged himself hard watching her work his brothers cock, then crouched behind and entered her arse from slightly above her, pushing down in to it. She paused her sucking while his prick continued until it could go no further then resumed slurping greedily on Moses' rod.

You could see she was rapt by it all, now a devotee of the black man and a disciple of these mens cocks. The boys finished her and themselves off, shooting inside their respective holes, then leaving her to swim again.

We expected Soloman to take his turn now, but he had other plans. He knew she was spent and needed to rest for a bit, so he ordered his brothers to leave...they had had their fun.

We returned to the car and he told me to go back to the villa. On the way back, I watched them in the rearview mirror on the back seat, they kissed passionately most of the way back, like lovers, touching each other intimately but not full on.

She showered on her own, while we sat by the pool in silence, Solomon stretched out on a lounger. It was now early evening, warm and hazy as the sun began to drop. She walked outside with a robe around her and he motioned her over to him. She straddled the lounger he was lay on and his hand slid up her leg and found her warm, wet cunny. She sighed as he teased her, closing her eyes in anticipation of him.

His other hand pulled open the robe, and she slid it off her shoulders on to the ground. She stood there, emboldened with his fingers inside of her. He slid down on the lounger, until he was staring up in to her cunt from below, then gently gripped behind her knees and pulling forward, making her sit on his face.

She writhed on those huge African lips, sliding and grinding around his mouth and tongue...reaching behind her to grip his swelling cock through his shorts.

He had homed in on her clit now, anchored to it and sucking it in fast, pulsing movements, lips pursed like he was sucking a straw...her nerves began to tingle first, before they began to burn and then explode as she cum on his mouth.

He reached down and undid his shorts freeing himself, kicking them away. She was still straddling him, and moved in to position...dropping down on to his huge member...in the dimming light mainly visible by the purple / pink tip, his blackness becoming merged with the night.

He took it slow, ensuring as much of him moved in and out of her every time she raised and lowered herself. She was staring intently in to his eyes, aware their time together was drawing to a close and wanting to etch his face in to her mind. Her Master.  

If I'd have asked her right there and then if she had developed feelings for him, against all the rules of engagement, I know she would have said yes. I knew she loved him. I knew she loved me too, but I was largely destined to be her guardian now, her chaperone or compannion, her love for Soloman was purely sexual, animalistic, passionate and subservient - obedient even. 

I didn't ask, as I genuinely feared if I did, it would make her realise herself how much she loved him, and if she did that I would be going home without her tomorrow. I silently prayed.

She came hard on him...covering his cock as she had before with her white , sticky lubricant. 

He fucked her doggy style, then missionary, spooned her, standing up - front and back up against the villa wall outside - also taking her on the grass, in bed and on a chair.
