 Part One: The Party

Chapter One - The Introduction

It's around 8:00 in the evening, and I'm getting ready for my first internet party. Having spoken with a lot of people on-line about the party, exchanging pictures, and flirting like crazy, I have really worked myself up for this. Everyone has told me how much fun it is, and one person even told me it is the kind of party that if you want someone to go home with, it is a done deal. A little lump formed in my throat when I heard that one. 

But the clinching reason to come to the party was to meet you. After three or four conversations on-line, having exchanged photos (and liking yours very much), we decided to try and hook up at the party. At the very least, I told you, I owe you a drink. You rebutted by saying that you owed me a dance. Beyond that, I said jokingly, we were not under any further obligation to each other.

Just stepping out of the shower, my mind wanders back to some of our conversations. How flirty and sexy you sounded even though I had not even so much as heard a whisper of your gentle voice. How often I sat there talking to you thinking about you sitting there on the other side of the computer, wondering whether the grin on your face was as big as the one on mine; visualizing those soft, delicate fingers caressing the keyboard to spill out your thoughts and feelings. "Mmmm," I think. What an erotic picture it has been in my mind. 

By this time I have finished getting dressed, black dress slacks and a white collar-band dress shirt. Putting on some of my Cool Water cologne, and fixing my hair just right (I told you about that idiosyncrasy of mine), the time hits 8:30, signaling it is time to party! 

The drive to the club seems to go quickly as once again my mind races with images of you and I on the dance floor. Having no pretenses about how well we will hit it off, or what might happen afterwards, I am focused on our initial meeting, and hoping I don't see disappointment in your eyes. I can even begin to feel a little rise in my boxers as my cock involuntarily responds to the idea of seeing the lust and desire in your eyes which I have been hoping for. I love to look into a woman's eyes and see that look. It absolutely does it for me. 

Arriving at the club, I once again check myself in the mirror (and double-check that the zipper is up). Then, after performing the once over in the mirror, I head towards the door. 

I walk inside the club, and immediately I think I have made a mistake. The club music is hopping, everyone is out there dancing, and being the shy, quiet, romantic man I am, this is not my scene. But a promise is a promise, and I keep telling myself of what I will most definitely be missing out on if I leave now. So, I grin, bear it, and go order a drink. 

Taking a long sip off my bottle of beer, I find a place in one of the corners, and begin to scan the room for you. With everyone consumed within their own conversations, guys making their plays on the girls, the girls teasing them all the way, my eyes begin to search the dance floor. Feet pounding away, bodies trying to feel the rhythm, some with more success than others, I instantly find you out. 

Your black skirt and white sweater top look so sexy on you. Your back is turned towards me, but I know it is you. Not only is the image a match (I could never imagine you look this incredible), but this feeling wells up inside of me, confirming my decision to stay. As you dance around, moving your body to face me, our eyes lock on each other for the first time. It is you. 

You whisper something to your dancing partner, and she glances over in my direction and gives you a big smile. More words are exchanged as you begin to move in my direction now. Dancing a little bit, almost as if to tease me, until you reach the edge of the dance floor; walking the rest of the way, as I take you in. For the second time tonight I can feel the heat beginning to stir within my groin. Your body is moving gracefully, your hips swaying casually, with a hint of seduction, your legs looking so fine. Your breasts full, your smile alluring. And the sweater is just short enough to leave a little area around your stomach unobstructed so that my eyes can feast on your tight, little belly button. 

And as you make your way over to me, standing about a foot away, I can at last look into your eyes. Without saying anything for a few moments, I grin and smile back at you and simply stare into your eyes. Gazing, finding the answers I am looking for, they tell me so much about you. They tell me -- gentle, passionate, sexy, sincere. The desire is overwhelming. 

And after a quick pleasantry, I reach out and bring you close to me for a hug. Wrapping both arms around your body tight, my hands reach out to your back. As I hug you, I slowly rub your back and take in your wonderful scent. The hug lasts for several seconds, holding you tight and squeezing lightly; our bodies tell each other the relief of finally meeting, as we further negate any disappointment which might have been lurking. 

After we break off the embrace, our eyes meeting again, we chuckle at the thought that the hug lasted a little longer than it should have and that people might be watching us. We turn to look around simultaneously to find that no one has been watching; I guess that is a good thing. (So maybe no one will know if we sneak away for a little while.) 

Chapter Two - The Dance Floor

Settling into the evening, we take two seats at the bar and begin to fall into a conversation that would normally have taken place between two old friends rather than two people who just met for the first time. But, after all, we have bared each our souls in a few lengthy discussions about life, love, and passion. During the conversation, our eyes never leave each other, focused so deeply, as our ears pay close attention to what the other is saying. Your voice is just as I imagined it, your mannerisms delightful, and your body exuding desire. 

A break in the music signals the turn from the hip-hop to the slow dance. I motion with my head to the dance floor, and extend my hand. I have already bought you your drink. Now I suppose it is time for my dance. You take my hand and lead me towards the dance floor. 

As we find a small corner of the floor (it is so packed right now), I reach out to you and bring you close. As we embrace again to dance, my hands reach around your back and our bodies begin to feel the rhythm of the music. Your eyes close as you lower your head to my chest, my hands lightly caressing your back, paying careful attention not to move too closely to the exposed area of your lower back, no matter how much I may want to. 

After the first song ends, you pick your head up from my chest and look at me as to whether or not I want to stay for the next dance. I greet your smile with one of my own, my eyes once again gazing back at you. This long stare leads towards my head lowering towards yours, our eyes closing along the way as our lips finally touch. It is a soft, tender kiss, our bodies relaxing instantly at the intensity rushing through our veins. The kiss lasts only a short time, and as we break it off, our eyes open and our smiles return. A sly grin graces your face as you put your head back down to my chest to once again let the music enter you and feel us melt away into the evening. 

With the end of the second song, the music turns back to hip hop, but that doesn't mean we stop dancing. Instead, our bodies separate and we begin to move together, our motions flirtatious, teasing; our stares full of passion and desire. My hands reach out to your hips as I pull you towards me. Our hips grind together, pulling back and pushing forward in a sort of slam dance manner, the heat of the bass telling our bodies which way to move. As we sway back and forth, our actions suggestive of what we truly want, you cannot help but run your tongue over your lips in a sexy, seductive manner, teasing me further. 

After a few more dances, each equally as hot and sultry as the first slam dance, the bass turns down, and the soft, slow sounds return. I take you again by the waist and pull you close to me. This time, our bodies feeling more free to express themselves, I pull your waist towards me tight and holding it against my groin. You can feel the throbbing in my pants as you let out a brief sigh of relief and anticipation. 

Our mouths search out each other again, there in the middle of the dance floor, and the embrace becomes so hot and passionate, that we drift away into our own little world. My hands reach up your face, holding your head as I kiss you deeper, hotter. Our tongues and lips roam the other and our bodies melt further away. Your hands reach for my chest and caress it lightly. Our hips still moving back and forth in rhythm to the music as the temperature of the room seems to shoot through the roof. 

Holding the embrace for what seems to be the entire song, our lips retreat and once again the stare-down of our lustful eyes continues. The next song is a little more upbeat as you turn around, dancing, putting on a little performance for me. You glance back over your shoulders to grin at me again. I stand there and enjoy the scene, taking in your sexy legs, delicious ass, and exposed, mesmerizing small of your back. You begin to shuffle back to me, your ass leading the way. 

My hands reach out to grab your waist and once again pull you towards me. Your hands reach up over your head as I bring your ass back to my crotch, rubbing it up against my semi-hard cock. The mood shifts from temptation and flirtation to pure lust as you reach back to my hair, stroking your soft fingertips through it. My left hand reaches around your waist to the exposed part of your belly. Rubbing it, massaging it deeply, unaware of the rest of the dance floor, my other hand glides up along your side and your arm. Joining your hand there, interlocking it with yours, I pull it back down and place it at the side of my hips. Our bodies move in rhythm, working together on the dance floor, completely oblivious to the rest of the room. 

As the song begins to end, you turn around and attack me with a kiss. The charged-up energy flows once again throughout our bodies. The heat transfers between us. Your kiss becomes wilder, as your hands explore my body further. My hands pull your shoulders towards me again, the kiss deeper and hotter than before. And as the song fades away into the night, we hesitantly break the kiss and settle ourselves down... for now. 

Chapter Three - The Elevator

Sitting there at the bar, our hearts racing at a mile a minute, you lean over to me and ask if I'd like to go back to your room. With a look of shock and deep interest, I turn to you, and nod silently. I think it is time for some true pleasure. 

Getting off your stool, you take my hand and begin to lead me out of the crowded club, shaking your cute ass the entire way. As we leave the club, and walk towards the elevator, your hips continue to sway from side to side as you dance seductively to the fading sounds of the beating music. Approaching the elevator, you push the "up" button, look back towards me over your shoulder, place your hand on the inside of my thigh and whisper, "Going UP?" 

Another grin flashes across my face, as I whisper back, "Oh yeah!" This is going to be one of those nights to remember. And less than an hour ago, this was the farthest thing from my mind. 

The doors to the elevator separate and open for us, and we make our way into the chamber. A quick thought passes through my mind about having sex in an elevator. It's one of those things you always hear about but never really have an opportunity to do. Either you're never in their alone, or the trip is too short, or the woman is too nervous. Something always seems to get in the way. 

As the doors close, and the elevator begins to rise, the heat in your pants does as well, at the thought of having sex in the elevator. Not even a full second into the ride, you reach over to the control panel and push the RED emergency stop button. The alarm goes off and the car comes to a complete stop. Now, the two of us are alone, stranded between the ground and first floor. 

Without any words, you come towards me and hold your hands out to my chest. As your hands rub up against me, your head moves up towards mine, our lips finding each other as we engage in another heated kiss. Our lips separate so that our tongues can once again explore each other's mouth. The passion increases as you move your hands down along my stomach towards my growing cock. The boxers I am wearing are barely containing me as I realize you must be aware of how rock hard I am at this moment. 

You reach down further, your left hand rubbing the inside of my thigh, your right hand finding my heat and massaging it through the thin fabric of my dress slacks. My cock responds to your touch by jumping and rising even more. Our mouths stay locked together for a few more moments while your hands continue to wander my body. 

Meanwhile, my hands reach out to your back and massage it gently. I take you by the shoulders and break off the kiss. You look towards me with a questioning look on your face, but as you begin to do this, I turn you around so that you are facing the wall of the elevator. As you are pinned up there, I lower my head down to your neck and begin to plant soft passionate kisses upon your skin. The sweet sensation ripples throughout your body. My hands grasping onto your hips and pulling you closer towards me as our hips grind up against each other. Our bodies begin to feel each other's heat as we fade further away into the lustful atmosphere of the elevator. 

My hands reach down from your waist and along your legs. Reaching the bottom hem of your skirt, I take my fingers and hold onto it for a moment. My mouth is still exploring your neck and ear lobes. Soft, tender kisses being placed there. The warmth of my breath and the passion in my touch are enough to set you on fire. I take my soft fingertips and begin to glide them back up along your legs, under your skirt this time. The bare smoothness of your freshly shaven legs feels so soft and delicate to my light touch. Your body once again surges with such deep pleasure and excitement. 

Making my way slowly up along your legs, I lower my mouth down towards the v-cut of your sweater top. The moistness of my lips caresses your skin as I move towards your breasts. Placing soft, gentle kisses at the base of both of them; you feel them wanting to be freed so that I can properly attend to your desires. First things first though. 

My hands slowly continue their path up your legs, feeling your heat now, as I move up to where I should find your panties. However, my hands become a little disillusioned as I find there is nothing there. I go further up and over towards the top of your clit and not only find that you are not wearing panties, but that you are shaven completely. Another quick rush of excitement swells deep inside of me at this discovery. 

At this moment, you push my head away and whisper, "We don't have much time. Someone will be coming soon." To that, you reach out for my pants and begin to fumble with my belt. Undoing the buckle, and beginning to unzip my pants, a look of extreme delight and readiness paints your face. The immediate thought that comes to my mind is whether or not you have done this before. 

As you drop my pants, my cock bulging out of my boxers, you take me in your hand for the first time, the pleasure rippling throughout my body. You take me and lead me up towards your ripe, hungry pussy. So wet from our earlier foreplay, you position yourself to take me standing up. You back your hips up against the wall, bracing yourself for my entry. Taking a moment to position ourselves just right, my hips ease up towards you, finding the warmth and sweetness of your pussy. 

You let out a soft moan as I begin to enter you. Slowly easing me in and out until the full length of my cock is now buried deep inside of you. Our bodies now melt into one. You wrap your one leg around my waist and motion for me to hold onto your hips. As I do, you carefully push yourself back up towards the wall even more, allowing me better access and deeper penetration. Now, our bodies begin to rock back and forth as my thrusts begin to find a rhythm, working in and out of your tight pussy. 

Your hands search out my head, running your fingers through my hair. Your moans grow a little louder as my cock continues to pump you. Our hips blend together with each thrust. Your lips come down to meet mine as I continue moving in and out, an obvious taste of what lies ahead. Another heated kiss ensues, our bodies never stopping even for a moment as the pleasure overwhelms us into continuing the full rhythm of our first time together. 

My cock throbbing deeper as your muscles wrap tightly around it, bringing it so very deep inside of you. You break off the kiss again as you throw your head backwards towards the wall. Your hips arch forward as I can feel your pussy tighten even more. I can feel your insides so ready to explode. Your climax so near. 

As I feel your body tense up, I feel my own heat growing to the point of an orgasm. Both of us moan in concert with each other, louder and louder as the tension gets closer to being broken wide open; our hips pumping up and down, as I work in and out of your sweet pussy. With a few hard thrusts, you let out between your moans that you are there, ready to cum so hard, so deep. I let you know with the increase in my tempo and moans that I am also there. 

And as your moans turn to deep screams, we begin to climax together, hard. Our bodies tense up as we slip into each other, becoming one full body, so full of pleasure and satisfaction. The climax of our ride lasting and lasting as neither of us lets go of the other; simply holding you there, my cock still buried so deep inside of you. And as you begin to come down off your orgasm, my cock fully released for the moment, I lower you down off the wall where you were braced against, and we begin to compose ourselves again. 

As I pull my pants back up and you reposition your skirt, I look towards you with a big smile on my face. "I thought they would have had this thing fixed by now. I was so afraid we were going to get caught." 

You reply to my statement with a wink and a smile, "It's amazing how far twenty bucks can take you. I told the concierge we didn't want to be disturbed." 

With that, you lean forward and give me another hug and a kiss. During the embrace, you reach back to the control panel and release the emergency button. The car kicks back into gear and we come to the first floor. The doors swing open and out we go. What a long and oh-so-interesting ride to the first floor! 

Chapter Four - The Back Rub

Walking down along the corridor towards your hotel room, I keep you close to me by putting both hands on your hips and pulling you back towards me. As we come up to the door to your hotel room, and the gateway to what must surely be a night of passion, pleasure, and pure satisfaction, you pull the keycard from within the band of your skirt and insert it into the lock. With the indicator light turning from red to green, our access to Room 130 is allowed as you turn the handle slowly and we enter the darkness of the hotel room. 

Without going for the lights, you turn around and pull me towards you. Through the pitch black room, we find each other. Another passionate kiss ignites the moment; our bodies surge together with the heat of another embrace. Our hands roaming each other more freely as the intensity grows within us; our insides crying out for more and more and more. 

The motion of our lips and tongues begins to slow down, signaling the end of the kiss; the anticipation though continues to drip from our mouths like honey, as we both are fully aware of what this night will hold for us. Your hands fumble through the darkness to find the light switch. Your delicate fingers glide along the wall until they encounter the dimmer and slowly click it on. The room begins to take on its shape in the new light, though you keep the dimmer low, to keep the mood of seduction and sex alive. 
