 Lisa looked down at the business card for about the 5th time in as many minutes. She had brought it with her for the address and was now parked in front of a small brownstone on Main St. Setting the card aside, she reached into her purse and pulled the overused tissues. Drying her eyes from another bout of tears, she took a deep breath and stepped out of her car. The business shared the building with three other businesses and was the smallest of the three. It had a single door and a single window facing with the words "True Lies Investigations." The firm had come highly recommended to her by a friend that used their services last year to help her catch her husband cheating. 

Opening, the door, Lisa walked into what appeared to be the reception area. It was nicely decorated with two desks on each side of the room. The seating area housed only a couch with an end table that had scented candles burning on it. Beyond the two desks was another door, which Lisa assumed was a private office. She was about fifteen minutes early for her appointment with the owners, so she chose to sit in the couch while she waited for the owners. Looking around, she could tell the firm did well for itself by the decorations, but it was not overly done. A few minutes had passed since she entered and it was just now that she could hear faint moans coming from the other room. 

She had heard the business was owned by a married couple and Lisa couldn't help but smile to herself at the thought of them having a moment to themselves between clients. The moaning subsided and after a few minutes, the office door opened. A young female in her thirties came out and closed the door behind her. The woman ran her hands down her skirt to flatten it out and smiled at Lisa as she approached. 

"Hi, I'm Michelle, you must be Lisa." Michelle extended her hand and offered a captivating smile. 

"Um, hi, yes, sorry, I got here a little early." 

Lisa was envious of the woman in front of her. Michelle appeared to be about 5'4" and weighed maybe 130 pounds. She had long blonde hair that came down past her shoulders. She wore a shade of deep pink lipstick that accentuated her soft full lips and the makeup around her eyes brought out the steel blue irises behind a pair of black rimmed glasses. Lisa couldn't help but let her eyes trail down the woman's body. Michelle was wearing a white blouse with the top few buttons undone to show off the ample cleavage of her breasts. If Lisa had to speculate, she would have guessed a D cup easy. A black bra could be seen through the shirt, but it went well with the black skirt that came halfway down her thighs. The black heels Michelle paired with the entire outfit showed off her toned legs. It was obvious she took care of herself. Lisa was self-conscious of her own body and the effects ten years of marriage and kids had done to it. 

"It's okay, my husband, Chris, and I were just finishing up with a client. He will be out shortly." Michelle made her way over to her desk and sat down behind it, shuffling through some papers. 

Lisa sat quietly for a moment, processing the comment Michelle had just made about being with a client and the sounds that she had heard earlier. Breaking her thoughts, the office door opened, and a female walked out. She was attractive in a homely kind of way. Very different from the beauty of Michelle. The woman glanced at Lisa blushed as she lowered her head and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. Michelle stood from the desk and walked over to the woman. They exchanged hugs and each smiled at the other before the woman exited the business. 

No sooner had the door closed, Michelle's husband, Chris, walked out from the office. Lisa couldn't help herself but to take a deep breath and swallow the excess moisture in her mouth. Chris stood just over 6 feet tall and was 200 pounds of cut muscle. His hair was dark brown and kept in a crew cut. He leaned against the door frame with his arms crossed as he now looked directly at Lisa with a smile. Lisa knew it was genuine as it reached all the way to his deep blue eyes. His fashion sense was very minimalistic, Lisa noticed as she returned the smile. She could see the cotton of his white t-shirt stretch across his broad shoulders. Simple blue jeans hung from his hips just right, but not right enough to hide the excitement beneath them. Cowboy boots finished off the everyman look. 

Chris crossed the room toward her and extended his hand to greet Lisa. 

"Hi there. I'm Chris." 

"Hi." Lisa barely managed to squeak out. 

With a slight chuckle, Chris moved away and sat down behind his desk, opposite Michelle. 

"So, what brings you to the office today?" Chris and Michelle were fully aware of the purpose of Lisa's visit, but they found if the client was willing to openly discuss the matter at hand, they were more likely to follow through with the investigation. 

Lisa found the casualness of Chris' tone putting her at ease from the nerves building up inside of her. She looked down at her hands for a moment as she searched for the words. 

"I think my husband is cheating on me." As the words came to the surface they were shortly followed by tears. Pulling out the wad of tissues, she brought it to her eyes, as she tried to slow her breathing back down. 

Michelle stood from her desk and grabbed a box of tissues as she did. Sitting down beside Lisa, she offered them to her and placed her hand on Lisa's knee. 

"How long have you been married, Lisa?" Michelle asked. 

"Ten years, we also have 2 young children." Sniffling, Lisa clutched the new tissues as she wiped more tears away. 

"What makes you think that he's cheating?" Chris asked as he also stood and walked around to the front of his desk, leaning on it. 

"He always says he's working late. And when he comes home, he smells like beer and perfume. I always pretend to be asleep as he takes a shower to wash off the shame." Pausing, Lisa takes a few more tissues, trying to push back the stream of tears that she could no longer contain. "Just a few days ago, I found a napkin with a phone number and woman's name on it. Last night, I caught him talking to someone at 3 am on the phone." 

"It's going to be okay, Lisa." Michelle offered as she turned her body more towards Lisa. Michelle's hand was now further up on Lisa's leg, gently massaging her thigh. "If this is really what you want, Chris and I are fully prepared to do what is necessary to catch him in the act and bring you what you need to get closure." 

At this point, all Lisa could do was nod her head in a yes motion. Moments went by as silence hung in the air. Looking down, for the first time, Lisa realized Michelle's hand on her thigh, and found it comforting. The tears slowly stopped and her breathing evened out. She could feel a warmth in her core and she shifted on the couch to look directly at Michelle. 

"Yes. I want that bastard to be caught red handed." 

"Okay then." Chris stood and walked over to in front of Lisa, holding out his hand to help her stand from the couch. Lisa found herself uncomfortably close to Chris, but found herself smiling, just as he stepped back. "We'll get started on it right away." 

* * * 

It had been a few days since Chris and Michelle had met with Lisa. Their time had been spent following Lisa's husband, Richard, and learning his habits and routine. It was now Friday night and Chris was behind their targets car, following him to his favorite bar, The Storm Cellar. It was a clever play on words being in Tornado Alley. As Richard parked his car and got out, Chris reached for his cell phone and dialed Michelle's number. 

On the third ring, she answered, "Hello, lover." 

"Hi beautiful." Chris smiled, even though Michelle couldn't see it. "Richard just pulled up, he's making his way in now." 

* * * 

"I've got eyes on him. I'll let you know how things go." Michelle turned toward the front door and watched as Richard made his way to the bar. 

Richard wasn't a bad looking guy. He was in his early forties, Lisa had snagged herself an older man. Standing at about 5'6", he was shorter than average, but carried himself with confidence. He was dressed for a night out, wearing a pair of black slacks and a red button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up. He looked to have kept himself in pretty good shape even with the slight pouch of a belly he had inherited over the years. Michelle tucked her cell phone back into the clutch she was carrying and called the bartender over. 

"The gentleman that just walked in. The one in the red shirt. I'd like to buy him a drink." Michelle smiled as she slid a twenty dollar bill across the bar. 

"Richard? Sure thing." The bartender looked her over real good before winking and turning away to fix the drink. 

Michelle enjoyed the look the bartender had given her. She might be in her mid-thirties but knew she looked much younger. Tonight, she had chosen her outfit and style carefully, based on what Lisa told her that her husband had liked. She discarded her blonde hair for a deep natural red. Richard had a thing for redheads. Red suited Michelle anyways as it was her natural color. She had chosen a lacy dress with a round neck and pleated sleeves. It was a dark green party dress and paired it with gold hoop earrings. The bartender gave Richard the drink and pointed in Michelle's direction. Giving her best coy smile, she sipped on her own drink and gave Richard a flirty wave. 

Richard held the glass up and toasted toward Michelle in the air before taking a sip. He quirked his right eyebrow up in surprise at the drink and slid off the barstool. Michelle just watched as he made his way to her. Setting the drink down on the bar, Richard turned and looked her over. 

"So, how'd you know this was my favorite drink?" 

"Just a lucky guess." Michelle winked at him before chuckling slightly. "I had no clue, really. The bartender hooked me up." 

"Well, I'll have to leave him a good tip." Richard took the seat next to her and offered his hand. "I'm Richard, and you are?" 

"One lucky lady tonight." Sipping her drink, she kept her eyes locked in on his. "Michelle." Finally taking his hand and smiling. "So what brings you out tonight, Richard?" 

"Just had some time to myself. Thought I would unwind before heading home.' 

"Yeah, wife and kids huh?" Michelle put a touch of sadness in her voice. 

"No wife, no kids." Without realizing it, Richard was twisting an invisible ring on his left ring finger. Michelle picked up on it, but said nothing as she slid closer to him. 

"Well, that means we have night to get to know each real well." Michelle reached over and placed a hand on his thigh. Leaning further in, her hand slid up his thigh to his hip. "I'm staying nearby, why don't we blow this place." Richard could feel the heat of her breath on his ear as she whispered to him. 

"Oh, I have something you can blow." Richard said leaning back and smiling at her. 

"I'm counting on it." Michelle's hand slid between Richard's legs and she could feel his hard on through his pants. Giving it a good squeeze, she leaned back and finished her drink. 

Richard looked down at her hand and smiled as he grabbed his own drink and downed it in one swig. Standing from the bar, Richard reached down and took Michelle by the hand, leading her out of the bar. Once outside, he turned toward his car, but Michelle pulled her hand free. 

"We've both been drinking. A taxi would be smarter." Holding her hand up, Michelle signaled for a nearby parked taxi to pick them up. 

* * * 

Chris was impressed at how quickly Michelle had been able to work Richard up to leaving. From across the street, he watched as she pulled away and signaled for him to pull up. Reaching up, he turned on the taxi light and after putting the car in drive he pulled up to the curb beside of them. Michelle and Richard climbed into the backseat. Michelle gave him the address and he started the meter before pulling away. The privacy screen was open between the front and back parts of the car, so Chris could hear every word. 

"So, you said you had something I could blow?" Michelle asked in a very seductive tone as she reached over started rubbing Richard's cock through his pants. 

"If you think you can handle it." Richard smiled, obviously turned on by the voyeurism of Michelle playing with him while the driver could see. 

"Oh, honey, I can handle it." 

Michelle leaned forward and placed her lips against Richards. Her tongue traced along his top lip as he opened his mouth and crushed his face against hers. As their tongues competed for space in each other's mouth, Michelle found the zipper on Richard's pants and unzipped them. Richard broke the kiss and moved his way to her neck, kissing just below her ear as Michelle's hand slid into the opening on his pants and past his boxers to take his bare cock in it. At her touch, Richard moaned slightly just before grazing his teeth over her ear. Richard's own hand reached up and cupped Michelle's breast, kneading it through the material. He was pleasantly surprised to find she wasn't wearing a bra as he could feel her hardening nipples in his hand. 

Chris drove silently, watching them occasionally in the rear view mirror. He was rather shocked at the size of Richard's cock as Michelle pulled it free of his pants. Michelle stroked the 7" cock as she moved to kiss Richard again. The kiss lasted just a minute, before Michelle pushed him away and leaned down over his cock. With her tongue, she flicked it over the tip, smiling as it twitched. She looked up into Richard's eyes as she opened her mouth and lowered it onto his shaft. She took it in about halfway before sliding her mouth back up to the tip and swirling her tongue around it again. The moans coming from Richard were a clear sign that he was enjoying his night. Slowly, she slid her mouth back down his shaft, taking the entire length into her mouth and into her throat. 

"Fuck, yeah, baby." Richard reached down and grabbed Michelle's hair and began to help guide her as she bobbed up and down on his dick. Each time Michelle deep throated him, she held her place at his balls, sticking out her tongue to lick his sac as well. As she made the swallowing motion with her throat, Michelle knew he wouldn't last much longer. As she reached the top of his cock, she kissed down the shaft until his balls were at her mouth. She took each one individually into her mouth, sucking on them and stroking his cock. 

"Mmmm, I'm going to cum." Richard moaned. 

Michelle smiled and let go of his cock. "Not yet, sexy." Michelle noticed a few minutes ago the car had stopped but Richard was so caught up in the moment he had no clue they had reached their destination. 

Richard pulled her into a deep kiss as he pushed his raging hard cock back into his pants. Breaking the kiss, he pulled out the cab fare and passed it through the window. "I hope you enjoyed the show, bud, but you won't get to see the rest." Richard opened his door and stepped out. It was then he noticed Michelle had not moved to get out. 

"Sorry, hun, I think you have other plans tonight." Michelle reached over and shut the door, just as Chris locked them. Michelle rolled the window down just enough for Richard to hear her. 

"What are you talking about?" 

"Turn around." Michelle smiled as she watched the look on Richards face turn from humor to horror as he turned to see the house he shared with his family. In the front yard, Richard's things had been piled up. On the front porch, Lisa was standing with her arms crossed, glaring down at her husband. "You've been busted. There is a live feed from this taxi to a laptop currently in your wife's possession." 

With a smile and a wave, Chris pulled away from the curb, Richard yelling and cussing at them from the front yard. Looking in the rearview mirror, Chris could see as Lisa turned and walked inside. 

Tomorrow morning at the office should be very interesting.