 I have this desire within me, it bubbles and burns at the very core of me; it must be fore filled, doused in the waters of heaven only he can give.

The house is quiet and the lights are dimmed but I know he is in there waiting for me, wet from the shower and clad in only his boxer shorts.

I was rite. He stood boldly in front of me, and I Just wanted to give in there and then to lust inside of me, but I knew that I couldn't, I had to be strong.

I let the fire take control...

I looked him dead in the eyes, his whisky brown locking with my violet.

I raised my hand and slapped him hard round the face. "What else...?" he drawled slowly, his thick Puerto Rican accent breaking in apprehension of what was to come.

His eyes still duelling with my own.

He was trying to psyche me out I could tell, he always played this tactic when I began to take control. He was trying to make me submit to him and had succeeded many times before. I walked in, brushing past him, my arm just grazing his. I could feel the heat radiating from him and smell his scent, a mixture of soap and masculinity.

He's so strong and used to being in control but not this time.

I took off my Jacket and shoes as he slowly closed and bolted the penthouse doors, the muscles in his arms, shoulders and back rippling beneath his taut tanned skin as he shoved the dead bolts home.

As he turned to me I beckoned him closer, taking his left hand in my right and grazing the fingernails of my left hand up his arm to his shoulder. I grabbed him by the back of the neck firmly and placing my right hand on his shoulder I flipped him round to face away from me, he let out a gasp at the sudden movement and a whoosh of air as his body connected hard with the bars of the cage which enclosed his bed.

I took off my top and rubbed my bare breasts against his back slowly letting him savour the friction of my flesh against his. Then I lowered myself downwards, kissing his neck then his shoulders and down his back until I reached the curving point, then I stuck my tongue out to run it down his spine, removing his boxers as I traced my tongue down further trailing wetness between his buttocks.

Then placing his arms above his head, his fingers curling higher around the bars on the side of the cage, I ran my hands over his chest revelling in the moisture that hung of it like dew drops, his breathing quickening, his heartbeat picking up pace as I rolled his nipples between my thumb and index fingers. Then I quickly took off my bra and panties.

Wrapping my fingers around the bars above his, I pulled my body up to wrap my legs around his lean waist, I flexed my hips rubbing my wet shaven pussy against the top of his buttocks his ass clenching beneath me and an anguished groan escaped his lips, my control over him coupled with my teasing where getting to him, I could almost see his desire tightening like a coiled spring.

Pressing my erect nipples into his back I nibbled his earlobe and whispered "how much do you want me?" he didn't answer so I let my body slide down him and repeated "how much?" he turned to look at me his eyes laden with passion but still he said nothing. 

So I slowly and gently swayed my way round the other side of the cage so that the bars where between us, I knelt down to take his now rock solid cock into my mouth, yet another moan of passion escaped him, could feel him throbbing in my mouth as I licked the engorged tip then deep throated him.

He could take no more he growled fiercely as he pulled away from me stalked round the side of the cage, picked me up and almost threw me onto the bed. He mounted me and thrust deeply into me in one thrust, paused then began pummelling my pussy hard and fast with almost brutal force.

I was screaming his name over and over now "TONY! TONY!! TONY!!!" begging him to stop with one breath and pleading with him not to with the next, I could feel my orgasm imminent now as he thrusted mercilessly into my body over and over and over... Till it finally broke washing over me in a sea of spasms and fireworks, he too had cum growling and moaning in my ear, spurting round after round of his essence deep within me.

He collapsed on top of me breathing raggedly, and all I could see was stars, we fell asleep in each others arms as we came down from cloud our high.

My most fantastic and true release a once in a lifetime experience that can never be touched by another.