 Several years ago, I was promoted at my work place and began to work in the control room. I became friends with my assistant 'Dan' and over the next several months he and his wife 'Laura' became close friends of myself and my wife, 'Dana'. To make a long story short, Laura and I became quite close, sometimes talking on the phone for hours. Our conversations kept increasing in their intensity and we began having phone sex and looked for an opportunity to get together. 

Several days later, I saw that we had some extra people on shift and made an excuse of not feeling well so I could leave early. I called Laura and asked her if she still wanted some 'company'!!! With an excited, yet, nervous voice she whispered, "Yes! " I left work and made my way to her house. I too was quite nervous knowing that we were both taking a big chance. Despite this I noticed that my cock remained rock hard for the entire 20 minute trip to Laura's. 

I entered the house and locked the door behind me. Laura was just inside the door and she glanced out the window to see if any neighbors were watching this strange man entering her home. She turned back around and as our eyes met, we entered each others arms. Our lips pressed together and then parted to allow our hot tongues to meet. Laura fell back against the wall of the entryway and we continued to passionately kiss. 

We broke for a moment to catch our breath and Laura took me by the hand. She led me around the corner and into the living room. The scent of several candles filled the room and in the dim light I could see that she had spread out several blankets and pillows on the floor. I definitely knew that what I sensed in her voice on the phone was real and that tonight we were finally going to be able to share our true feelings with one another. 

I swung her back around to me and our mouths again clasped together. Our hands were all over each other and we dropped down on to our knees. My cock was raging against the inside of underwear and I could smell and feel the pre-cum dripping through. We each began to shed our clothes and as her bra dropped I pulled her hot body against mine. Her breasts were perfect and the hard nipples pressed into my chest. I sighed out loud and she giggled. I felt her hands working on pulling my cock free and her touch was magic!! She knew just how to use the softness of her hands to stroke the tender flesh of my cock but then to keep my attention I would feel her nails slowly and lightly drag over my balls. 

Now we were both naked and lying on the floor side by side. I felt like I was back in high school as we fumbled and explored each others bodies, intimately for the very first time. I began to kiss her neck and my left hand pressed between her thighs. On the up stroke I pushed and my fingertips entered the gentle folds of her hot and very wet pussy. She sucked in her breath and I continued to explore, because never before have I ever felt like wanting to please someone so much. I brought my hand up and saw her juices glistening in the dim candle light. I took them into my mouth and tasted her!! She moaned out loud and I knew the sight of me doing this turned her on. 

I now began to kiss my way down her body at a slightly quicker pace. Laura, spread her legs as my mouth started to encounter the top of her pubic bush. Teasingly, I kissed my way around her pussy and down her thighs. I heard her moan with frustration but soon enough I worked my way back to the center of her little love hole. I used my hands to part her outer lips and I was intoxicated by her scent!! I could not stand it any longer and I dove my tongue deep inside her cunt!! I licked and sucked her lips, clit and walls, her hands went to the back of my head and I felt her push my mouth further down onto her. Her legs went over my shoulders and I felt her shudder with her first orgasm. I continued to lick as waves of cum started to drip from between her pussy lips. 

I gently kissed around her thighs and allowed Laura to catch her breath and to come 'down'. She lay there smiling and I once again began to pick up the pace with my tongue. I slid a finger up underneath and pressed it into her tender flesh. She moaned out loud and began to beg me to fuck her. My finger began to act like a piston and my mouth latched onto her swollen clit. I sucked hard and furious, even gently biting when it seemed she needed a little more to push her towards the 'edge'. My knuckles began to pound the outside of Laura's pussy and soon she screamed out loud as I brought her off again. As previously I licked each drop of cum that her cunt spit out!! 

Laura's panting started to ease and she asked me to make love to her. I slid my body up and took my cock in hand. She opened her legs slightly and pulled me towards her. I hesitated as the head of my cock was just at her slippery entrance. She looked up and I said, " I promised you when we talked on the phone that I would ask you this first. Are you still sure you want to do this?"

A smile washed over her face as she remembered our conversation. She looked into my eyes and said, "Yes. " I then leaned forward and as my cock slid into her for the first time I watched as her eyes rolled backwards and she sighed out loud!! I began to pump and her motion soon matched mine. We began to kiss again and she sucked on my tongue as it wandered into her mouth. Now it was my turn to be wide eyed as I realized she was getting off on tasting her own juices that were still clinging to my mouth!! 

This made me pump harder and faster, making her moan. Her hands went to my ass and her nails dug into my cheeks. For the next half hour or so we tossed, turned, and tried position after position. My flesh stayed hard and her body accepted each stroke. 

She was now sitting on my cock as we held each other and kissed. My hands were underneath holding her ass cheeks and I was turned on by the thought of how close I was to that gorgeous little puckered hole. I moved a little more and got so that I could tickle her asshole with a finger or too. This pushed Laura over the edge and she began to fuck me like there was no tomorrow. I continued to tease her ass and she slid back and forth on my thighs. My balls were being ground into the carpeting but at this point I didn't care. I watched the expressions on her face and knew that she was so close to cumming. I tried to think of what to say or do next, I wanted to please her so much. I pressed my finger into her ass slightly and whispered something to the effect of, "I love the thought of owning this ass!!"

That was it!! Her nails ran down my back, she thrashed back and forth on my cock and started blurting out bits and pieces of sentences. My cock felt the heat of her orgasm and I knew we had just stained the carpeting with our juices.

Laura now lay against me and our chests were heaving as one. Her hair was sweaty and matted against her forehead and cheeks. She smiled weakly and said, "You are so incredible. "

I kissed her and smiled back and corrected her saying, "No, we are incredible. " From that point on we knew there was no turning back. We had shared the fact that we were in love with each other and would have to find more time to be together. We needed to see how things would develop and agreed that we needed to both feel comfortable with the way things were working out. 

Oh, by the way, I could tell how she had me lie back and took my cock into her mouth. How I had my own earth shattering orgasm as she swallowed every last drop of my cum and how surprised she was when I took her face into my hands and kissed her full on the lips so we could both taste each others juices. But, I think for now I've used up enough space. Besides, it really truly turns me on to tell you how much I love to please her and how incredibly sexy she is!!

Until next time.