 "Hi...you got it done in the end then? Did you get everything you wanted?" I said to Trudy as she walked in through the door after her trip to London. 

She smiled, a little nervously I thought, as if something I said had struck a chord.

She should have been away for only one night, but in the end had stayed for two. She had called early on the morning of the day that she was due to return home to say that negotiations had not gone well yesterday, and that unless they came to an agreement later that day she may have to stay another night. I got a text later, saying she would not be home - things had actually gone ok and had been resolved, but the client had insisted they go out to celebrate that night, so she had no choice but to stay over again anyway.

This was fine...no suspicions entered my head...I fully believed her, I had no reason not to. It had happened before. No biggie.

I had been trying hard to build some normality back in to our lives, get back to our routine, after the mind blowing "holiday" we'd recently returned from; trying desperately to drag her out of her black mood (no pun intended, but very ironic in the circumstances).

Looking at her now though, I don't know why, but I felt uneasy. Something wasn't right I could just sense it. 

Sat at the dining table, I tried again to reassure her, do what ever I could to keep hold of some semblance of our relationship and to move on. 

"Look, I know you're still thinking of Soloman...and as much as it makes me jealous, I understand it. I get it...Jesus I almost wanted to fuck him myself he was that good...but you have got to let go and live your life. Mourning him is not what he intended. In fact I think he fully expected you to spread the gospel...to convert your girlfriends to black cock". I laughed at the thought of Trudy telling the girls at work that they should all ditch their husbands and boyfriends and go fuck a black pool guy in Spain!!

I was rambling on, trying to lighten the atmosphere, to make her smile or laugh...normally something I excelled at. I even offered to take her out to find another guy she could fuck in front of me, to get her mind off Solomon.

Part way through my diatribe she cut me off...she said simply..."I have a confession to make..." My mouth clamped shut immediately and I stared at her intently, as she stared at her plate...her eyes moist with tears. My stomach did a back flip...I knew what was to come next was not going to be something I wanted to hear.

"What?" I said..."What have you done...?" My voice trembling with my own emotion.

She took a deep breath for courage, then blurted out..."My first night away, I fucked another man in my hotel room..." I was about to speak, but she held her hand up to stop me..."last night, I went to a party, not a normal party...a party where sex is the on the main menu, not food and drink...and I was taken by so many cocks I actually lost count...and two women." It seemed she did get everything she wanted then...no wonder she looked nervous following my innocent comment when she walked in the front door. 

I just lost it. I went mental. Accused her of cheating...breaking the rules, destroying us...my world was beginning to fall in around me...what had I started? She let me rant for 15 solid minutes, calling her names I was ashamed of later. My only excuse was fear...fear of losing her.

After I had blown myself out, like a Tornado downgraded to a bag of wind, she said in a soft, calm voice..."Firstly, I did not break the rules here, I just bent them, no not even that, I advanced them, admittedly without your agreement, but if you remember the rules we made we agreed that you would always be there to watch "for now"...not forever. I just moved up the timeframe"

She was on a roll now...putting me back in my place.

"Secondly, I made a promise to Soloman to take only black cock from now on...I intend to respect his wishes...so you must know you will never fuck me again"

Thirdly...and most pointedly...she said. "You started this. You have no right to complain you bastard. You have backed yourself in to a corner with your own fantasies...for years you wanted other men to fuck me while you watched...for years I secretly craved other men fucking me, because you couldn't perform or satisfy me...you freed me, you made me who I am now, so you have no right to be pissed off."

"You know what's funny" she continued..."You made me go to counselling because you said you could not live in a sexless marriage, refused to go without sex, despite how pathetic you were at servicing me..." She laughed out loud, then went on..."And yet here we are...as a result of that counselling, you spewed out your desires about being cuckold, and now, YOU ARE in a sexless marriage you dumb fuck, because my body will never be yours...you brought this on yourself..."

BOOM...right there baby...fucking B.O.O.M. pipe bomb delivered and she was spot on...I could not argue, no leg to stand on at all. Made my own bed...had no option but to sleep soundly in it, if I still wanted to be with her. And despite it all I did. 

We were both silent for a while...then she said soflty, almost apologetically, "I did feel like I was cheating on you, especially the first night in the hotel when it was more intimate...I felt so guilty that I asked him if it was ok if we took photos, and even videos of us...so I could send them to you...kind of involving you, so you could still watch me, but from afar rather than in the room...I thought that you'd be ok with that, but then I bottled it and didn't send them..."

"The second night, at "the party" - well, phones / cameras weren't allowed...privacy was sacred so I couldn't if I wanted to. Oddly, I felt less guilty about last night, probably because I felt safer with all those people around...I didn't feel vulnerable. It didn't feel like cheating, more like 'sampling' or trying shit out, you know like a sex conference.

"Who was the guy in your room" I asked...

"The customer...the guy I was negotiating with, the guy I needed to get sign-off from on the new deal."

"Please, don't tell me you fucked him just to get him to sign on the dotted line...that's just bleeding cheap..."

"No"...she said..."I fucked him because he was black, handsome, and powerful, an intoxicating mix, and in my imagination he had a look of Soloman as an older man...and to be frank, I had made a promise to Soloman to fuck any black cock when the opportunity arose...and the opportunity arose...The thought of him fucking me occurred to me as soon as we first shook hands at the start of our meeting and we looked in to each others eyes...that thought brought me out of my depression. I knew he was interested, he undressed me with his eyes during that handshake...and I knew we'd end up in bed."

I am pathetic...as she was speaking, I was aware that my cock had stiffened...despite my anger and her betrayal I was still aroused.

"What's his name? ...

"Tony..."

"So what happended"?

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me, what happened...you bottled out of sending me those images last night, so now you can explain in graphic detail what you got up to with this Tony...leave nothing out...and then after that, you will tell me about the party to."

"You sure?"...I just nodded in reply.

"I can do better than that...I still have the images of me and Tony, he took them on my phone...so his wife wouldn't see them by accident on his. He knows I won't show them to anyone...except perhaps you...or do anything stupid, otherwise I'd lose my job and much more."

She started off by setting the scene...

"Well as I said, he undressed me with his eyes when we first met. I could see him looking at my cleavage when I introduced myself...my blouse did leave a bit on show, but that bit is always deliberate when meeting guys in business...you lot are weak, a flash of breast, a bit of flirting and most of you will agree to anything...Tony wasn't that easy...or so I thought."

"He was a tough negotiator...had an aura of power about him, an arrogance, which drew me in and intrigued me; and he reminded me of Soloman."

I asked her to describe him...

"About 6' 4' muscular, though being in his mid 40's he is not as lean or taut as Soloman and his brothers ...he's fit though...he told me when we were chatting during comfort breaks at the meeting on that first day that he worked out, jogged, did a couple half marathons per year to keep him in trim." 

"Cock size" I said...she didn't answer with words, just picked up her iPhone and selected iPhotos and scrolled down to an image of his erect member...my best estimate was about 9" and as thick as a bratwurst. 

"Ok ...so how did he get in to your room for that photo to be taken?"

"Well, like I said...negotiations were tough...in fact overly so. I thought Tony was being an obstructive arsehole, on some ego trip to be honest, it should have been straight forward. I only made small talk and pleasantries with him during breaks because that's the game...you want the business, you kiss arse, flatter etc to close the deal, and because I knew there was an attraction, and another kind of deal to seal. I knew it would not be finalised on day one, that's why I had to stay over, but I had expected to be further along by the end of day one than we were, and could not understand why Tony was being such a difficult bastard on some of the small points. However, that all being said, I was attracted to him physically and his stubbornness and the verbal jousting in the meeting actually made me wet, I knew he'd undressed me with his mind a few more times that day, so In some ways we were also negotiating how he would end up fucking me that night during that meeting".

"At the end of our discussions, the various people went their different ways, including my colleagues based at the London office. I asked if I could use the ladies room, deliberately hanging back. Tony was a gentleman and escorted me to the facilities, and waited outside for me...when I came out, we took the lift to the ground floor together, chatting, exchanging pleasantires. He asked me where I was staying in town, and I told him...then he asked if I had any plans that evening...you know meeting up with colleagues for a drink etc...I confirmed that I was on my own, my colleagues going home for the night to their families. He asked if I fancied going for a drink, or something to eat. I knew where he hoped it would end up...and I knew he was married. I didn't care really."

"I told him to meet me at my hotel bar at 8pm."

"We ate in the hotel restaurant. We drank champagne, which went straight to my head...and then he made his move. "

"He was sat across from me. I felt his foot on my ankle, outside of his shoe. Then he raised it to my knee, on the inside...looking at me in the eyes to see if there were any signs of objection. Satisfied, he continued. His foot progressed to the inside of my thigh, parting me, then his toes prodded at my pussy. "

"Then he spoke, as he wiggled his toes against my clit...being a man of significant ego, though cheesy, he asked me if I wanted to have dessert in my room with him." She laughed at this.

"We rode the lift like strangers, mainly because of the other occupants; but when we reached my door and I was unlocking it, he pressed himself against me...so I could feel his stiffness against my arse. As soon as we were inside, the door closed behind us, he had me pinned against the wall, kissing me passionately, his hands roaming from breast to arse, and rubbing my pussy outside my skirt."

"He reached behind me and unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor in the hall. By now I was rubbing his prick through his trousers. His fingers found my wet pussy, entering down through the band of my panties and parting my curtains to reveal my clit, which he flicked like he was picking at a guitar with a plectrum. His other (right) hand had travelled up inside the back of my blouse, finding the clasp of my bra and deftly unclipped it, before proceeding to the front to squeeze and knead my left breast...rolling my nipple between his thumb and forefinger."

"As I began to unbuckle him, he responded by unbuttoning my blouse, removing it and my bra, my tits flopping out begging to be sucked. He obliged. Trailing his tongue across them, and lashing and nibbling on both nipples."

"I freed his penis; his trousers and underwear dropping around his ankles, and I gripped his length in my left hand and began to masterbate him, slowly. I slid down, the wall at my back, bringing my lips level with his swollen rod, and took him in my mouth. I stayed there working my tongue, mouth and lips on his manhood until I felt him tense and knew he was going to cum, when he did I made sure I swallowed his creamy sperm, as it pumped out of him in spurts."

"After that we moved to the bed. We stripped the rest of our clothes off before getting there, both completely naked - I lay on my back, legs akimbo."

"He wasted no time in planting his mouth and tongue on my fanny...his head working frantically up and down between my legs, pentrating, probing my soaking virgina"

"I came in to his mouth...hard. Before my body could stop spasming he had moved inside my legs, missionary style, and thrust the first few inches of his black shaft inside me. I gasped as it continued to slide further, and further, deeper and deeper...filling me."

"He adjusted position a few times...still pretty much missionary, but with a few adjustments to my leg position and the angle of his penetration. I could feel all of him inside me, and soon exploded on his prick as he pummelled me, shortly followed by him cuming inside me...seeding me."

"As he withdrew, I asked if I could take a picture of his cock...he agreed as long as there were no faces...that's the picture you have seen already, but here's the picture of the aftermath..." She showed me a photo of her pussy lips glistening and dripping with his cream.

"I sucked him hard again...then asked if I could video him fucking me doggy style...again he was ok with it as long as it did not show his face...it took a while to work out the best angle, but we got there." She reached for her phone, brought up the clip and pressed play.

She had set it up well. Close (or zoomed in) enough to capture his member piercing her from behind, his hips and thighs slapping hard against her arse as he increased his speed...her groans of approval clear over the phones speakers.

I watched her take him in various positions via more clips on her phone. Cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, spoons...there was no anal though...she had thought him just too large for comfort.

When they were both spent again, exhausted...she told me they had lay beside each other, chatting. He had apparently confessed then that he had been difficult on purpose during the meeting, objecting to items for the sake of it, because on meeting her he had also instantaneously felt a spark between them...although the meeting was scheduled to continue the next day anyway, he had already hatched a plan to drag it out a bit and make her stay another night. He had an ulterior motive, which he had then revealed to her. 

She said that he had told her about a friend of his who ran "exclusive" parties...invite only. The next one scheduled for tomorrow evening. Although this peaked her interest, she said to him that she was not sure she could attend because of a promise she had made to someone. He had pressed her for an explanation, and eventually she gave in and explained about her recent lifestyle change. About the cuckold husband, and the promise to Solomon that only black cocks would use her now. 

She said..."He smiled wide, then laughed as I looked on at him quizzically, eventually explaining that all the men at this party would be black, and although there would be some black pussy in attendance, for the puritans amongst them, most of the women would be white...he was part of some elitist society of black businessmen in the City, where black cock could seek out prime white snatch...mainly the frustrated wife's of fat, lazy city banker types...frustrated as hell by their husbands lack of attention to their needs and up for anything; or guys could stick to black pussy if preferred...Hey discrimination is wrong, right?"

She continued to regale me of the details...

She had asked him then about what went on at these parties...and he'd just said, whatever you want...basically most fantasies or fetishes could be catered for...S&M, BDSM, straight sex, bondage, lesbian, gay man sex, etc...what ever you were into or felt comfortable with. He assured her all of the men were black...African, Caribbean or domestically born and raised. 

She had agreed to go then, knowing that whoever fucked her, it would mean that she would not break her vow to Soloman. All black dicks. 

The meeting hastily concluded the next day...Tony no longer needing to be an awkward twat after last nights events...Trudy sent the text I had received, a follow up to the phone call warning me she would not be home, and then had gone shopping. In part because she had not planned on an extra night and needed new underwear, but also to ensure she dressed to impress for the party.

She met Tony at Euston, and they caught the tube to Bank Station, his hard cock pressed in to her arse most of the way in the packed carriage. After leaving the Tube they walked a little then entered an unmarked building, off a side street she did not know. 

Once inside the venue, there was an eclectic mix of fetish styles going on...masks, rubber, gimp...blah, blah...much of it of no real interest to Trudy, except that is for the bondage and S&M room, which caught her eye as they walked past it.

She was checking out the men...Tony appeared true to his word. All black skinned males. After 15 minutes or so she had asked him how "it worked"...what the protocol was for hooking up with someone.

He told her to decide what she wanted to do or to try...then head to the specific area where that 'activity' was catered for and hand in the plastic disc she was given upon entry to the building; to the coordinators on duty at each 'actvity'. You would then be matched with a partner randomly - like keys in the bowl style - and left to get on with it...either in private, or in front of everyone if exhibitionism was your thing. 

Alternatively, in some areas there were also pieces of apparatus that you could hand your disc in for, in order to be allocated to this equipment for an hour, and take on all comers (what an appropriate turn of phrase if ever there was one, she had thought). She would be allowed to make basic ground rules, but not many. She liked the sound of this.

Trudy apparently elected to be tied / strapped to a type of love seat or swing, or whatever it was (she was still not sure of the terminology given her recent awakening) allowing access to her cunt, ass and mouth, either individually or all at once. In her case she stipulated no cocks over 8" or of exceptional girth were to enter her ass, given the limited anal experiences to date, the size of Solomon's brothers considered to be her threshold. (Apparently checks were made by various sized cock rings to make sure guests wishes were complied with.) She received a random mix of cocks, not all monsters dispelling some of the myth, over the next hour...at times all three orifices were used at once, sometimes two (mainly mouth and cunt) and occasionally just the one cock...usually the lesser endowed men favouring her ass rather than her pussy, as it made them feel bigger.

She was also pleasured by a black woman brandishing glass love beads, a vibrator and a strap-on. She'd had to smile, even the strap on was black. What a thrill that had been, and totally different to all the cocks violating her space.
