 Both of them were still buzzing with a tremendous desire that didn’t want to be extinguished.  They wanted nothing more in life than to make love to each other forever.  Her pussy was aching for him and his penis was back to a semi-hard state.  

Sandra could see this as she trailed her fingers up and down his chest.  She ran her fingers further down his stomach and grabbed onto his hardening tool.  A tingle shot through her pussy as it grew to full hardness instantly in her hands.  Their conversation ceased, actions and feelings took over.  

She bent her head down to his lap and her lips lightly kissed his helmet.  His cock twitched in her hand.  She opened her mouth and slowly took him inside.  He moaned, softly as the warmth of her mouth engulfed his manhood slowly.  

She threw the curls of her hair out of her face and he could clearly see her lips run down his pole, and then back up again.  She was sucking him slowly, lovingly worshipping his cock.  Her tongue licked at it when it was in her mouth.  She was slurping a little loudly as her arousal grew.  

Finally she pulled it out of her mouth and lay back down beside him, her well-manicured hand still stroking him.  

She looked at him.  “Will you make love to me again?” she asked, pure love in her eyes.  

He smiled, and she released his penis as he rolled on top of her.  Sandra opened her legs and allowed him in between them as he mounted her.  Without using his hands, Chris ran the thick mushroom head of his cock down the wet lips of her defenceless pussy.  His eyes were locked on hers the entire time.  He saw nothing but love, and he could feel her feet trail up and down the back of his calves, her hands were caressing his upper back.  

He could feel the heat of her entrance as he pressed the head of his penis against it.  He pushed forward, and the lips of her vagina parted for him, accepting him inside her again.  

“Ohhhh…” Sandra moaned, arching her head back as the top half of him slid into her rather quickly.  Chris continued pushing until his entire penis was all the way inside her pussy.  

He held himself inside her as he kissed under her chin, tasting her skin.  She was stroking his hair with both hands as he kissed all over her neck and chest.  He felt so incredible inside her, so hard, so thick.  She wanted the feeling to last forever!  

She caressed her feet up his legs until they reached his ass, her legs spreading as wide as they could for him as he kissed down her huge breast to her nipple.  He sucked her sensitive nipple into his mouth and she sighed.  He still hadn’t moved in her vagina!

Sandra loved Chris, he felt so good so deep inside her, and his lips were magic on her skin.  She felt guilty for making him cum inside her.  She wasn’t on any birth control and she knew damn well that she was quite fertile – she had four kids at twenty-two years of age!  It just felt so right with Chris.  She wanted a part of him in her, she couldn’t help it.  

She should tell him.  

She shouldn’t start what will most definitely be the most important relationship in her life by lying.

He was kissing back up her neck.

“I’m not on the pill.” She blurted.  He stopped kissing her.

“What?” he asked.

“I just thought you should know.  I’m sorry I made you cum inside me.  It’s just that I’m so in love with you, and it felt so right!”  Her heart was pounding nervously.  She really didn’t want to ruin this!  He smiled at her.

“It’s okay.” He said, and he kissed her softly.  “It felt right to me, too.”  She smiled.

“I love you, Chris.”

“I love you too, Sandra.”  He resumed sliding his penis in and out of her, and they just stared into each other’s eyes as they enjoyed the good feeling.  She was breathing heavily, her hands softly caressing his naked body as he entered her over and over.  He was so hard!

“Ohhhhhh…” she sighed, quietly.  Her entire body was tingling as the man of her dreams made sweet love to her.  He kissed her mouth, softly, his lips continuing down her chin and neck to her chest.  His kisses rained down over the swell of her breast until he reached her areola.  

Without breaking his stride, his tongue snaked out and slowly trailed around her areola, teasing over her erect nipple.  He sucked the nipple into his mouth as his cock continued to enter her at a slow pace.  He released her nipple, looking up at her.  

Suddenly, his mouth was on hers and he kissed her hard.  He began to slide in and out of her even faster as he forced his tongue into her mouth.  She purred as she felt the stirrings of another orgasm rise within her.  She sent her own tongue into his mouth as she tried to contain her moans of pleasure.  In no time at all, she was forced to break the kiss, he was just fucking her too hard!  

Chris held himself up on his arms, driving his manhood deep inside her mercilessly.  Her eyes were closed, her face was wincing, her bountiful tits were bouncing, and her feet were flailing behind him as he continued to piston in and out of her helpless body.  

“Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Ummh!” she moaned, feeling the tingling inside her body rise to a crescendo.  He began to pound into her lightening quick, his ass thrusting beneath her feet as he drove her over the edge.  “OHHHHH!” she cried, hands squeezing at his back as an orgasm exploded within her.  

“Oh God!” she gasped as the inside of her pussy convulsed around him.  He had never seen a more beautiful sight in his life, and he reached deep within himself to fuck her even harder.  In and out his rock hard penis jammed into her hungry vagina as she came and came and came.  Even though the orgasm had subsided a little, Sandra’s heart was still pounding a mile a minute, she was a helpless rag doll.  

Chris slid his long organ out of her twat, feeling the cool air of the room hit him since he was coated with her love juice.  Sandra felt so empty.  She needed him back inside her.  She scrambled onto her hands and knees when he hinted for her to flip over.  Her beautiful, tanned ass was pointed at him.  Underneath were the swollen lips of her quivering pussy.  

Before putting his penis back in her, he bent and kissed her ass cheek.  His hands squeezed them, spreading them apart as he kissed all over each of them.  He kissed her slit softly and bolts of pleasure shot up her spine and she sighed.  

Unable to put it off for very long, Chris knelt behind her helpless body, holding his rampant hard-on as he aimed it at her wonderful treasure.  As he pressed the thick head of his penis against her moist lips he could feel the heat emanating from her.  He knew she wanted him back inside her badly.  

Sandra was subtly pushing her ass back against him, trying to get him to penetrate her.  He didn’t prolong her suffering, sliding his cock all the way into her needy cunt in one hard stroke.  

“OHHH yesss…” she moaned, feeling herself fill up again.  He was sheathed inside her warmth and he looked down at her beautiful ass pressed against his hairy groin.  He moaned.  She was so perfect!  Everything felt so wonderful it blew his mind!  

He grabbed the soft sides of her ass and began to thrust against her over and over, his cock shooting hard up into her.  She moaned with each entry, ramming her ass back to meet his every thrust.  As he fucked her doggie-style, Chris’s gaze travelled down this lovely woman’s body.  

The soft, tanned skin of her back, her ass cheeks as they shook with every impact of his groin, her sexy legs, down to the bottoms of her feet on either side of him.  Her tits were rocking back and forth as he fucked her a little harder.  
“Unh! Unh! Unmh!” she cried out as she got fucked from behind.  

He was losing it, but he knew that she was as well.  As his cock glided in and out of her hot snatch, he tried to occupy his mind on other things.  He really wanted to please her, and didn’t want to cum just yet.  

He heard her cry out, and stiffen before him.  His penis continued to piston into her as she came violently.  She was gasping for breath, completely overcome by another orgasm.  He fucked her through her orgasm before pulling his manhood out of her.  When he came, he wanted to look into her eyes.

Sandra found herself being thrown back onto her back, where she lay before him.  Her legs were wide open, her feet were flat on the bed.  Her eyes were locked on his member as he approached her pussy.  Even before he entered her, she wrapped her arms and legs around him, pulling him inside.  

“Ohhhh…” they sighed in unison.  He entered her all the way.  She kissed him, her hands and feet caressing his body.  He began at a slow pace, making love to her as they kissed passionately.  He couldn’t hold out much longer.  There was nothing more he could do to prolong it.  He couldn’t take it!  This woman was his fantasy!

“I’m gonna cum again, Sandra.” He breathed as he continued to slide in and out of her warmth at a slow pace.  She smiled at him, her dimple showing.

“You don’t have to cum inside me this time if you don’t want to.”  She said.  She really felt guilty for forcing him to earlier.  

“I really do want to.” He panted.  “I’m so in love with you.”   Her heart soared at his words and he seemed to grow harder inside her.  

“I love you, too.” She breathed.  He began to slide in and out of her faster.  Her arms were around his neck and she was looking into his eyes as he thrust into her.  Chris pumped a couple more times before sliding his entire penis into Sandra’s eager vagina and holding it there.

“Ohhh…” she sighed, tightening her limbs around him.  Her sensitive pussy could feel his thick cock pulsate inside her, and his cum sprayed the back of her womb.  He was looking into her eyes as his penis jerked again, shooting more thick semen into her fertile cunt.  

“You’re amazing!” he gasped as he shot more cum into her, dick spasming violently.  Sandra smiled and kissed him hard, more of his sperm trickling into her vagina.  

Their lips smacked over and over as she ran her feet up and down his legs.  She milked every last drop of Chris’s seed into her.  She couldn’t remember ever being so happy.