 Chris and Sandra were sitting on the couch, her head was on his shoulder as they ended their night together.  He had to head home, he had to work in the morning and he hadn’t planned on a stay over.  He was on a high, though.  It was nearing midnight and for the past few hours they had been in bed together, making love twice.  

Sandra was wearing a white T-shirt and panties, Chris was wearing his boxer shorts.  She was just as thrilled as he was.  She finally had him inside her.  They had expressed their love to one another, and he had planted his seed in her fertile womb.  

His arm was around her shoulder and his hand was comforting on her upper arm as he stroked it.  She felt more content, more secure, more loved than she had ever felt.  This was the one.  She had loved this man for a long time, and he returned that love.  Now it had finally come to fruition.  All in the world was right.

The TV was on, but neither were paying attention.  They were basking in their newfound love.  

“You know,” she said quietly, heart pounding, “I’m so incredibly fertile that there is a good chance you got me pregnant tonight.”  He smiled and squeezed her affectionately.  The love that went through him at her words was so strong, his penis began to respond again.  

“I’m not going anywhere.” He stated.  Warmth flowed through her at his words and she smiled.  She pulled back, looking at him with her gorgeous eyes.

“Really?”  she asked.  He smiled at her, nodding.
“I love you!” she said softly, desire and need flowing through her body.  Her heart was pounding, she wanted this man back inside her!

“I love you too, Sandra.” He whispered, looking into her eyes.  

“Will you make love to me?” she asked.  He nodded, smiling.  As he pushed down his boxers, Sandra pulled her shirt up over her breasts and over her head and off.  

His rock hard penis was freed, and tingles of desire shot up her body from her crotch as she lay back on the couch, naked chest heaving.  She slid her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and pushed them down her smooth legs, pulling her feet out of them one by one and throwing the skimpy things on the floor.  

Sandra spread her magnificent legs for him, feet in the air as he knelt between them.  She was gasping for breath as she watched his mighty organ approach her treasure.  

He caressed the swollen lips of her slit with his thick manhood up and down, sending thrills up both of their spines.  She was incredibly wet, and her juices coated his mushroom head.  He forced the top of his penis just inside her hot vagina. 

“Ohhhh…” she moaned, throwing her head back.  Chris pushed a little harder, squeezing more of his fat pole into his dream woman.  He was watching her beautiful face, eyes closed as she sighed.  

He slowly slid more of his penis into Sandra’s vagina until, finally, he was all the way inside her.

Her feet were in the air on either side of his ass as her pussy warmed his member.  She was looking at him affectionately.  He felt so good inside her!  

He kissed her lips softly, pulling her upper lip out a little before releasing it.  He kissed her again, and he felt her toes caress the sides of his ass.  Chris pulled back a little, before sliding his thick penis back inside her hot cunt.  

Now it was Sandra’s turn to kiss him.  Her tongue flew into his mouth and he could feel her nails softly clawing at his back.  He began to make love to her right there on the couch, his long cock gliding in and out of her slick pussy.  

“Mmmm…” she purred into his mouth as her tongue explored it.  Her hands held him closer, until their naked bodies were pressed tightly against one another.  Over and over his penis entered her vagina slowly as they kissed passionately.  

He was conscious of her huge, naked tits pressed against his chest as he slid his rod up into her needy hole.  “Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph! Mmmph!” she moaned into his mouth as he began to piston into her a little faster.  

Her ass was bouncing off the couch now, his thrusts were so hard.  Her pussy was now meeting his groin as a result.  The friction they felt from this was wonderful.  She was so snug around him, so hot.  

She raised her one leg up such that her foot rested on the back of the couch.  Her other leg stretched wide to put her foot on the edge of the coffee table.  Chris began to really pound into her.  

Sandra broke the kiss.  “Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!” she moaned as her lover jackhammered in and out of her helpless body.  How his penis felt as it rubbed along the inner walls of her pussy was enough to send her to the edge.

“Ohhhhh…” she moaned, her legs falling around his waist.  She came so hard that she squeezed her legs around him, preventing him from sliding back out of her.  

Sandra was quivering beneath him as Chris was forced to remain inside her warmth.  Her legs were strong, and he could not even move an inch!  Finally, she let her breath escape her lungs, and her legs loosened.  He began to slide in and out of her once more.

“Ohhh God!” she gasped, smiling at him, “You’re so fantastic!  I love you!”   He smiled back at her, kissing her on the lips, his long pole thrusting deep inside her.  He held himself up on his arms, watching her, taking in her beauty.  He had waited so long for a night like this, he was going to remember every second of it!  Both of them were breathing heavily, and her hands were rubbing up and down his sides as he made love to her.  

Sandra’s feet were high in the air above him, and he ran his hand up her smooth leg.  Chris placed a foot on the floor, rising up even higher as his hand slid up to her ankle.  He now had a perfect view of his manhood sliding in and out of her pink pussy lips.  He pulled the pink skin outwards each time he withdrew.  

He was looking at her beautiful foot as he held it in the air.  He kissed the bottom of her foot, his penis still entering her over and over.  His lips rained kisses all over her foot, kissing the instep, and over the top.  He kissed each one of her toes before sucking the big one into his mouth.  

As he sucked on Sandra’s big toe, his eyes trailed down her tanned belly to her treasure trail of pubic hair.  He could see his cock sliding into the woman of his dreams with perfect clarity.  She moaned beneath him, her own gaze trailing down his strong body.  She loved watching his hips thrust against her over and over.

Chris released her toe, his lips again kissing over her lovely foot.  He looked at her beautiful face, and warmth flowed through his body.  God he loved her!  He let go of her foot and lay back on top of her, his lips again finding hers.  

His tongue slid into her mouth urgently.  Her hands and feet landed on top of him once more as she sent her tongue back into his mouth.  They were breathing heavily into each other’s mouth as they made love on her couch.  

Chris was losing it.  As much as he wanted this to last forever, he didn’t think he could last another minute.  Breaking the kiss, he began to thrust in and out of her helpless body faster.  

“God,” he grunted, “I’m gonna cum again!” he thrust harder, his words pushing her back to the edge again.   Her heart was pounding.  She desperately wanted his seed in her again, but was afraid to ask.  Would he want to again?  Would she be scaring him away.  In the end, she wanted it to badly to not ask.

“Cum inside me, baby!” she moaned, the tingling in her pussy rising to a crescendo.  Her feet went even higher in the air, increasing the feeling.  She was almost there.

Her words nearly made him explode immediately.  He made it his number one goal to give his semen to her.  He thrust in and out of her needy twat as hard and as fast as he could.  Her moans were loud enough to be heard throughout the house.  She came, the inner walls of her vagina convulsed around him.  

Chris slid his penis into Sandra’s pussy as he lost it.  His cock spasmed, firing his hot seed deep into her womb.  His lips found hers again and they kissed breathlessly as his cock came inside her fertile cunt.  More of his hot semen shot out of his penis and into her needy vagina.  

All that could be heard was their lips smacking and their heavy breathing as Chris shot his cum inside Sandra for the third time that night.  Never had he had such strong feelings for a woman.  Sandra hugged him, smiling, holding him inside her.  

They lay that way for the next twenty minutes.  His penis softening inside her vagina, every drop of his seed trickling into her.  No words were spoken, only their kisses could be heard.  
He left soon after, promising to return that weekend…