 Part Two: A Lakeside Encounter

Chapter Ten - A Pleasant Invitation

For that next week, I had been thinking about the party almost constantly. It seemed like an eternity since I had felt that good about me and I don't think I had ever experienced that much satisfaction. What a night! The thoughts of your gentle lips have been driving me crazy. Your sweet voice echoes throughout my entire being.

Furthermore, because of your workload, and the fact I have been traveling, we have not been able to connect online to really talk about our evening together. The most we have been able to do is e-mail each other a few times and simply recount the night and express our gratitude for everything that transpired. Oh, how I wish I could SHOW you what you truly did for me.

Arriving back late on the Thursday evening following the party, and returning to my apartment after a long, tedious business trip, I go through my normal routine of checking all my regular mail and logging onto AOL to check my e-mail. My typical practice is to first wade through all the porno-related and other spam mail and then read all the e-mail from my friends. I smile instantly when I find your message there with the subject, "An Invitation." My mind could go for days conjuring up all the possibilities those two words might mean. However, being the very impatient man that I am, I double-click on the e-mail and let the invitation reveal itself. 

It reads:

"Hey sexy, I missed talking with you this week. So, to make up for it, you are cordially invited to cum visit me tomorrow and join me on a private picnic for two. RSVP NOW! Call me!"

Once again my mind begins to work over the delicious possibilities that the invitation might produce. A private picnic for two? Oh my! Knowing what that naughty mind had created in terms of setting up our elevator ride last week, I can only imagine what you might have in store for me tomorrow.

On the other hand, a quiet, romantic picnic for two seems even more enticing then a seductive, heated fest. After all the magic we shared last weekend, I could almost see us playing the roles of romantic lovers as opposed to being strictly sex partners. But don't get me wrong either. The sex was absolutely fantastic! Who could ever have known my first AOL party would have turned out the way it did? 

Now, all I have to do is confirm the time and place, get some directions, and take the day off! Again, knowing a little bit of what the capabilities of your dirty little mind are, I should take no chance with making this a long lunch and opt more for it being a full day's worth of "activities." As I dial your phone number, I become a little disappointed to get your answering machine rather than you on the phone. I would have loved to talk with you and at the very least gotten a better idea of what you have planned, but I will play along, so I leave my phone number and ask you to get back to me. I further mention that I am game for whatever you have in store for me! I think I may have mentioned something about being ready and able, and very willing as well. Now, all I can do is relax and wait. 

In the meantime, I call into work, leave a voice mail for my boss and let him know I will be out of the office for the day tomorrow, following up and finishing up some items from the trip. After all, why not have fun and get paid for it at the same time! Once I have completed these few tasks, I return to the computer to find my new mail flag highlighted, and so naturally I take a peek. It is another message from you. I must have just missed you online while I was taking care of calling into work as when I click on my buddy list I see that your name is there, but it indicates you have just signed off. If I didn't know better, I would think you were being mysterious to seduce me further? Such the temptress!

This new message from you gives more specifics on the picnic. You mention that you are looking forward to it and that the time is set for noon; directions are also attached to the e-mail along with a very detailed map. And of course, you have given me no more clues or signs or hints of things to come (driving me completely crazy!). How will I be able to sleep tonight, knowing that tomorrow holds the possibility for something on par with what I experienced at my first online party? I suppose the best I can do is close my eyes, try and relax, and let my mind begin to wander over those sweet memories of yesterday not to mention what such delicious fantasies tomorrow may bring.

And so, after a few hours of sleep, the night hampered only by such visions of you and I together again, I awake to a beautiful morning and begin my preparations for the picnic. With the weather prediction for today a mild one, the first preparation is what to wear and I opt for a pair of khaki slacks, blue button-down dress shirt, and loafers; however, I also have learned in one very memorable evening that I should always be prepared for whatever you may have in mind, so I will make sure to bring my favorite over-sized college sweatshirt and a pair of jeans, just in case. Who knows how long this picnic might last?

Now, after a very long morning of waiting (some work and business calls has done little to help speed things along), 10:30 finally hits, and I get the car ready for the trip to see you. So far, the past twelve hours have been filled only with thoughts of you. I still don't quite understand it, but it is most definitely a good thing. The way your soft hands lightly caressed my chest and the way your warm lips interlocked with mine still does wonders for me. My mind slips further away into the exploration of what goodies you might be bringing along, what surprises you might be planning for me, and what treasures we might discover together. 

As I hit the road, letting my thoughts wander, I finally settle myself into the conclusion that I will not think on the possibilities any further. What happens will happen! No matter what you have in store for today, I will try and enjoy our time together. 

Chapter Eleven -- Preparations

Along the way to your house, I make two stops. The first stop is at the liquor store down the street from my apartment. Being that we will probably be outside in the sun, and probably eating something light for lunch, I decide to get a bottle of White Zinfandel and put it on ice in the car for the remainder of the trip. Chilled wine, a soft breeze, and a beautiful woman; now that combination is simply breathtaking!

Further down the street, just before I hit the interstate, I stop at my favorite florist. Walking through the door, I am greeted by that familiar European accent of Mrs. Amadori saying, "Welcome, welcome." I relay to her that I am looking for some flowers which have to be equally as beautiful as the wonderful woman I am going to see, and Mrs. Amadori tells me she has the perfect arrangement. She disappears into the back room for a few minutes and when she returns, she displays the most beautiful long-stemmed pink roses I have ever seen. "These are the closest I have to perfection," Mrs. Amadori smiles at me. 

I return the smile and jokingly reply, "In that case they will just have to do." She applies miniature water bottles to the bottom of each stem and wraps up the flowers in a box. As always, she puts the charge on my account, and I am out the door. "Goodbye, good luck, enjoy," Mrs. Amadori says as she waves to me getting into my car. Under my breath, my only response is that I intend to. I fully intend to enjoy myself and once again relish in the pleasure of spending time with you.

With flowers and wine in hand, I begin my real departure and head out to our rendezvous. The trip takes just under an hour and as I get closer to my destination, I can begin to feel my heart pounding faster. The sweat on my palms begins to accumulate again. I grow nervous with complete anticipation of what is soon to follow. I cannot wait to see that welcome smile and inviting eyes greet me at your front door.

Finally, pulling into your driveway, I can see you sitting on the porch waiting for me. The first thing I notice is your long, silken hair blowing softly in the gentle breeze while your hands hold down the white fabric of your yellow, flowing sundress. I lightly honk the horn twice to signal my arrival and park the car alongside yours in the driveway. You casually get up and walk over towards me and as I get up and out of the car you reach out and give me a tight hug. 

Wrapping my arms around you, the familiarity of you comes back and hits me hard. I can remember the enticing scent of your skin as my nose fills with the sweet aroma. My hands lightly massage your back, across your shoulders and down along your spine, as your full breasts press up against me. You lightly kiss my neck and whisper to me, "Thank you for coming." With those words, I hold you tighter. Yes, it was most definitely the correct decision to take the day off and come see you. I am very reassured of that as you loosen your embrace to move your mouth up towards mine. Finding my lips with yours, they separate and let our bodies enjoy the first of many long, passionate kisses. Our tongues hungrily explore each other, sending such warm and welcome chills throughout both of our bodies. 

As the kiss comes to an end, after lasting for what seemed to be a pleasant eternity, we break off our embrace and look into each other's eyes again and smile. "It is so very good to see you again," are the first words escaping my mouth. You smile wider, give me a seductive little flip of your hair, and begin to walk back towards the house.

But before you can get too far away from me, I reach out to you and motion for you to stop. "I have something for you." And with those words, I reach into the car and pull out the white box from the florist and hand them to you. 

You return the smile again, words not really able to capture our exchange, and you undo the bright red silk ribbon holding the box together. Letting it drop down onto the driveway, you take the top off and pull back the green tissue paper to reveal the dozen pink roses which Mrs. Amadori prepared especially for you. The roses are so brilliant and fresh and nearly in full blossom. And as you bring your eyes back up from gazing upon the flowers, you tell me that we should go inside and put these in some water. Looking at the flowers nestled under your arm as you walk back inside the house, I realize Mrs. Amadori was right. As close to perfection as possible, she said. Of course, the flowers look wonderful too!

Making our way inside the house, I notice the sweet fragrance of strawberries filling the room. The windows are open and the cool breeze from outside has spread the delicious aroma throughout the entire house. Leading me into the kitchen, I notice a picnic basket and blanket on the table. "It looks like you are definitely prepared for our adventure," I playfully tell you, pointing to the table. You turn around and smile, signaling your preparedness. After a moment of that smile, your face turns into a piercing stare, those eyes so full of lust and passion, your mouth grinning slightly, as you whisper, "I'm always ready for any adventure." With that, I involuntarily swallow hard. Oh my, am I in store for something special today.

Toning down the playful innuendoes for a moment, you turn your attentions back to the flowers as you snip off the end of the stems and put them into a vase with fresh water. Asking if I can be of assistance, you tell me that you can think of several ways in which I might be of assistance, but to have patience. "In due time, sweetheart," you reply. 

I swallow hard again and think to myself, "My oh my!"

Chapter Twelve - The Car Ride

With the roses situated in the vase on the kitchen table, you turn your attention towards the picnic basket and blanket and ask yourself what you have forgotten. Realizing that pondering look on your face, I lend a comment. "I hope you don't mind, but I brought along a bottle of wine. I hope it will go well with whatever you have planned for lunch." 

At this remark, you bring your eyes up towards mine and let them stare deeply inside me for a moment. Then you slowly lift the palm of your hand up to my cheek and lightly caress it. The soft stroke is followed only by your mouth moving up towards mine, engaging my lips in another soft, passionate kiss. And in that lasting, single breath of ours, I know that I could get lost in this moment for a long, long time and be very content.

Stepping back into reality, we settle ourselves down in preparation for the day's festivities. Taking the picnic basket in one arm, and interlocking your fingers with mine in the other, we walk outside the house to the car. As I put the basket in the back seat with the cooler of chilling wine, out of the corner of my eye, I glimpse your stunning silhouette easing into the front seat. I also notice for the first time since leaving the house that you pulled one of the pink roses from the vase and you are holding it in one hand. Your gaze upon the flower seems reflective, and I know exactly what you are thinking. Dear, I haven't stopped thinking about the party either. 

Climbing into the front seat beside you, my eyes once again feast upon your beauty. The hem of the sundress hanging just above your calves, it reveals only a hint of what I already know to be the soft creaminess of your long, tender legs. You look absolutely gorgeous sitting there beside me holding that single rose as you pluck the thorns from the stem and begin to talk quietly and casually about your week. 

A few minutes into our conversation, my eyes darting back and forth between the road and you, I begin to experience that familiar hunger which only your mouth and body can quench. I have already seen how your mind works (just the thought of how you set up our encounter in the elevator still chills my body), but perhaps now it is time to give you a small taste of how mischievous I can be as well. After all, I have waited a week for this day and been patient long enough.

With that, I casually move my right hand to your thigh and squeeze it lightly. I smile at you and remark, "I am so glad you invited me." The words seem to help deflect your attention away from your leg as I begin to massage your thigh slowly, gliding my fingertips across the soft fabric of your dress. Now, as the conversation once again picks back up, and you seem to be relatively unaffected by my playful hands, I continue to massage your thigh, becoming bolder and braver with each movement. During the soft strokes, I ever so slowly pull up your dress, a little bit at a time until the hem of your dress is near mid-thigh. 

Finally I make my boldest move yet and slide my fingertips to the bare skin of your kneecap, massaging it gently and slowly. The warmth of your skin feels so welcome to my fingertips as they continue to slowly, softly glide over your legs. I can feel your body just melt at the union of our bodies. You glance down and smile slightly as I continue caressing your knee. As your smile fades, you look over to me and grin wide; you lower your hand down onto mine and quick slide it up the inside of your left thigh. "I think this is closer to what you are looking for," you whisper.

With my hand now inches away from your sweet heaven, I continue to coast my soft fingertips over your tender skin, finally coming into contact with the fabric of your panties. Briefly upset by this new obstacle (hoping another scenario like the elevator when you went without underwear), I slide my fingertips under the elastic band of your panties, and feel your moistness for the first time today. What a sweet sensation it is as you spread your legs a little wider and push yourself up further on the seat, the anticipation beginning to stir within you. 

My other hand firmly grabs hold of the steering wheel and my foot slowly relaxes off the gas pedal, encouraging more control of the car so that we can begin to lose control of ourselves in the front seat. My fingers continue to search the soft, wet folds of your pussy, while the electric shocks of pleasure and release begin to ripple throughout your body. Before we get too carried away in the car, you reach down and help me remove your panties, allowing me access to give you the satisfaction your body has been craving all week long. 

With your dress hiked up almost to your hips, your panties removed and laying on the floor of the front seat, your legs spread wide, my fingers continue their dance of ecstasy. First, I search out and find your excited, eager clit, slowly massaging it with my forefinger and thumb. The subtle gasps of pleasure that escape your lips and the growing dampness of your sanctuary signal your contentment of my actions. Slowly my fingers continue their sweet parade, gliding so easily down along your soft folds, touching off such whirlwinds of desire and delight.

And as the pleasure increases, and your pulse quickens, your body tenses up in your eagerly anticipated first orgasm of the day. Your insides shutter hard and long as you reach down and cover my hand with yours, holding my fingers atop your clit. Allowing the sensation to linger for several long minutes, you finally come crashing back down from the rush and your breathing slowly returns back to normal. Opening your eyes, you glance over towards me to realize I have pulled the car off to the side of the road in order to concentrate on your pleasure. In this new revelation, you lean over and kiss me tenderly. "You're welcome," is my response.

Chapter Thirteen - Satisfying Our Appetites 

After we calm ourselves down and you rearrange your dress, I pull the car back on to the road and within a few minutes you direct me to the small, hidden parking area off a side road by the lake. Your comment was that very few people know about this area, and between being the middle of the week and the last weekend of April, you don't think we will have any "interruptions." Parking the car in the corner of the deserted parking lot, I lean over and kiss you again. Your hands move to my chest as mine cradle your face. The kiss once more confirms the moment and what is yet to come.

Exiting the car with the picnic basket, bottle of Zinfandel, and blanket, you begin to lead the way along one of the trails through the brush. A few steps along the path, my ears start to fill with the sounds of birds chirping and the leaves rustling in the gentle breeze. After yet a few more steps, I can hear the soft, soothing sounds of the trickling water joining nature's orchestra. If I was not in paradise in your presence, I most certainly am now.

We continue walking down a short incline, and as we exit the tall brush, the scene is simply awesome. The lake is so calm and quiet and beautiful. More importantly, it is completely void of any boats, fishermen, swimmers, or hikers. It appears that we have the entire lake to ourselves, at least for the time being.

You motion to a large rock off to our left which extends out onto the lake. The rock, situated as part of a little cove is partly sloped on one side, facing away from the middle of the lake. This sloped face would provide dwellers with a fair amount of seclusion from others enjoying the lake (if there were any others enjoying the lake). "That looks like the perfect spot for our picnic." I nod in agreement and we make our final steps out onto the rock.

As I lay out the blanket upon the smoothest surface of the rock, you begin to fiddle around with the picnic basket and put the finishing touches on our lunch. Watching you, squatted down over the picnic basket with your dress blowing in the light wind and showing off your naked legs, my stomach begins to growl with the pangs of hunger. I have come to you today with a roaring appetite for food and passion. From the hints I have received from you so far, it appears I will be able to satisfy both.
