 Chris woke up and could feel himself growing hard. He could feel his penis engulfed in moist warmth. He blinked, opening his eyes a little. Sandra was looking up at him, his cock in her mouth. She felt him immediately grow to full hardness in her mouth.

Sandra had spent the past couple of hours getting the kids breakfast, and then hustling them over to the neighbour's house. She needed to spend some more time alone with Chris before they spent the day with the kids. Looks like she owed her neighbour another favour! 

She was dressed only in her Lakers T-shirt and a skimpy pair of white panties, her curly hair was up in a short pony tail. She slowly ran her lips along the penis of the man she loved. Her beautiful green eyes were looking up at him. She bobbed her head up and down on his lap, closing her eyes as she got into her blowjob. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp' she sucked loudly on his manhood.

Chris reached down, his hands holding the sides of her head as it moved up and down his rock hard cock. She reached up with one hand and cupped his balls, and her tongue licked at his sensitive head every time she withdrew his cock from her mouth. She kissed his mushroom head, smiling at him.

"I sent the kids next door." She explained. "I wanted you all to myself." Her pussy was buzzing uncontrollably. She needed to have him inside her. A part of her was missing, and he was that part.

Chris smiled as he watched her kiss slowly up his stomach. When she got to his chest, her tongue darted out and licked lightly at his nipple before she continued kissing up his body. Her lips found his and they kissed deeply, passionately. Her tongue darted into his mouth and he sent his tongue into hers as she grinded her thinly covered crotch against his hard, naked pole. He could feel the heat emanating from her pussy through her moist panties, and he began to writhe up off the bed against her. 

He slid his hands down her back to her ass, and slipped them into the sides of her panties. They were breathing heavily into each other's mouths, each wanting so badly to be together. 

Sandra broke the kiss, grabbing her shirt as she looked down at him. She pulled her shirt up her body, revealing her gorgeous, bountiful breasts. She pulled it over her head and threw it on the floor. Her tits were rising and falling with her deep breathing. 

Chris reached out with both hands, grabbing a soft breast in each hand. As she rubbed her crotch against his exposed penis, his hands gently squeezed her tits. He could feel her hard nipples in his hands as he raised himself up a little. He kissed her cleavage, his tongue snaking out and licking all around her magnificent tits. 

"Ohhh…" she sighed as he sucked a nipple into his mouth, tingles shooting from her tits to her crotch. She continued to grind against him as he kissed over to her other breast. He briefly sucked that nipple into his mouth before kissing up the tanned skin of her chest. His lips found hers and they kissed passionately, tongues exploring. She broke the kiss after mere seconds, too horny to continue.

"I need you inside me Chris." She breathed. With that, she began pushing her skimpy panties down off her ass, climbing off him a little as she rolled them down her sexy legs. She couldn't get them off fast enough! She got them off her feet, becoming completely naked for her new lover. She straddled him again, this time her pussy was completely defenceless. 

Her well-manicured hand reached underneath her, gripping his pole and raising it up in the air. Sandra pressed the sopping wet entrance of her needy vagina against the thick head of Chris's penis. She pressed downward, and the petals of her treasure parted, allowing him to squeeze inside. 

He moaned, feeling her wonderful heat slowly engulf him as her pussy eased down his rampant hard-on. She continued pressing downward until his entire cock was inside her, and she had look of contentment on her face when she looked down at him. She smiled beautifully. He reached around her body, his hands grabbing her ass and holding her down on him as he squeezed her cheeks.

Chris slid one hand up her back until it reached her hair and he gently pushed her head down toward him so he could kiss her. He kissed her lips softly, pulling her upper lip outward. His penis felt so warm and snug inside her. He kissed her again, this time sending his tongue into her mouth. His hands slid down her back to her ass, and he grabbed onto her soft cheeks. Sandra began to slowly slide her vagina up and down his manhood, still kissing him passionately. 

He was feeling so good inside her, the tingling from within her pussy was rising quickly. Just having this man inside her body was enough to bring her to the edge. She pressed herself tightly against him, holding him deep inside her for a moment as they kissed tenderly. 

Sandra began to slowly slide her pussy up and down his member, kissing him urgently. His hands were holding her soft ass, helping her fuck him. Chris was humping his hips off the bed eagerly. He didn't think he would last all that long – his dream woman was riding him!

Holding her ass tightly, he began to force her down on him even faster. He was fucking upwards, meeting each one of her thrusts. She could feel the buzzing in her pussy spread throughout her body, and she knew that she wouldn't last long. She broke the kiss.

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh!" she moaned, her cries growing in pitch and volume. His long, thick penis was gliding so deep inside her hungry pussy. She wouldn't be able to take much more of it!

Chris was losing it as well, and he didn't think he could stop the orgasm that was clearly on its way. He slammed into her faster, his ass bouncing off the bed. The two lovers were moaning, well on their way.

"I'm gonna cum!" He grunted, driving his dick into her warmth.

"Inside me!" She was able to breathe in his ear. She wanted to feel his cum in her, and the thought of his seed shooting into her was enough to cause her to lose it.

"Ohhhhhh!' she groaned, eyes closed, wincing. Orgasm exploded within her, the inner walls of her pussy were squeezing and releasing his pistoning cock. She was unable to move, holding still above him as she came. He continued to fuck upwards, almost there himself.

He drove his cock into her with a moan. Sandra forced her needy pussy down on him, pressing herself against him. 

Chris looked up at her with love as his penis twitched inside her vagina, firing forth a thick stream of cum into her. 

Sandra collapsed on him breathlessly, he could hear her gasping in his ear as his cock jerked inside her fertile pussy again, shooting more of his hot seed into her womb. Chris's penis continued to pulsate, and a river of his semen poured inside Sandra's vagina. His hands were on her ass, pushing her crotch against him tightly as another rope of cum fired off the back of her needy cunt. He turned to her, kissing her mouth as the last of his fluid trickled inside her.

"God I love you." He said softly. Her heart soared, and she couldn't stop her smile. She kissed him.

"I love you, too." She whispered. They lay that way for a few minutes. Just enjoying each other. They were a part of one another. Chris and Sandra took so long to be together, that it was as if they were making up for lost time. Everything about each other was so new.

***

"Do you want to have a shower?" she asked, after another ten minutes. He laughed, kissing her. Of course he did! She got up off of him, his soft penis slipped out of her. She could feel his cum inside her, leaking out a little. He followed her into the bathroom, his eyes staring at her tanned ass as she led the way.

She bent over in front of him to turn on the tap, and he felt his cock stir a little at the sight. 

She turned on the shower and stepped into the tub, allowing the water to cascade over her magnificent body. She slicked her wet hair back as he joined her. He was semi-aroused at this point. Sandra smiled her beautiful smile, putting her arms around his neck and kissing him. Her tongue snaked inside his mouth as his hands slid down to her smooth, wet ass. She pressed her body against him as they made out, and she could feel his cock grow hard against her stomach. Tingles shot through her vagina at the sensation. She broke the kiss, smiling mischievously.

Sandra pulled away from him and squirted some liquid soap on her hands. She put her hands on his hairy chest and began to rub the soap all over his torso. He closed his eyes, feeling his lover's soft hands caress his upper body, lathering it up. 

Her gentle hands rubbed his arms, hands, shoulders, chest, stomach – purposely ignoring what he wanted her most to touch. She got down on her knees, staring right at his rock hard cock as it stood straight up in the air. She got some more soap and began cleaning his legs, rubbing soap all over him. She was staring longingly at his organ, using all of her willpower not to take it in her mouth. 

She stood up, reaching around him, pressing her body against his. Her lips found his and they kissed passionately as her hands caressed his ass, rubbing soap all over it. As they kissed, she gradually spun them around, backing him up into the spray of the shower. She broke the kiss, and as he rinsed off his ass, Sandra reached for the soap yet again. She gathered some more into her hands and, smiling mischievously, she grabbed Chris's penis. 

Using both hands, she stroked him, and caressed his testicles, rubbing soap all over him. He stared down at her lovely, well-manicured hands as they caressed and massaged his cock. It was already well lathered at that point, yet she continued to stroke him expertly. She turned him around, still keeping one hand on his member. He rinsed off the front of his body as Sandra continued to stroke him. He could feel the cool wetness of the skin of her tits as she was pressed up against his back. 

Chris turned around, the spray of the shower hitting his back, and he watched as his soul mate sunk to her knees before him again. This time, she didn't ignore his penis. 

She was so beautiful. She placed her hands on the outside of his legs. Using strictly her mouth, she bent underneath him. Her tongue darted out, lapping at his testicles. She looked up at him with her gorgeous eyes as her tongue snaked out of her mouth and slowly trailed up his shaft. Her hair was wet and slicked back, and he could see her entire face as her pink tongue slowly teased around his mushroom head. 

Still not using her hands, Sandra took him in her mouth. He watched her lips slowly slide down his shaft until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. He was in her mouth all the way! She could feel the top of his dick pressing on her throat, nearly causing her to gag. She began to slide her lips up and down his rod, and the sensation she gave him was indescribable. 

He placed a hand on either side of her head, guiding her as she bobbed back and forth on his tool. 'slurp slurp slurp slurp' the sucking noises were so loud that they could be heard over the sounds of the shower spray. God, he loved this woman! 

He wanted to worship her body. He NEEDED to worship her body. He gently raised her chin, popping his dick out of her mouth.

She looked up at him, and when he smiled at her she felt her heart soar. She stood up before him. He kissed her softly, pulling her upper lip outward. He pressed against her, sliding his tongue into her mouth as his hands slid down her wet skin to her ass. Sandra could feel his rock hard member press against her belly as she kissed him urgently. 

Chris gently spun them around, so that her back was now in the shower spray. He broke the kiss, squirting some soap onto his hands. He was going to enjoy every microsecond of his hands touching her body. It was so new to him. This was his fantasy, SHE was his fantasy. His hands began to rub all over her shoulders and arms, not missing an inch of her skin. He took her hands in his, and he brought them up to his lips. He kissed each one of her fingers, one by one, and did the same to her other hand. She smiled at him, and he kissed her lightly on the mouth before getting some more soap. 

Now he placed his hands on her soft breasts, feeling her erect nipples grow even harder at his touch. He caressed her perfect tits, lathering them up with soap. His hands rubbed the soap down to her stomach, lathering that up as well. Chris got some more soap and slowly sunk to his knees before her. Tingles surged through her pussy at the sight of the man she loved getting on his knees before her. Both of them wanted so badly just to make love, but both were enjoying this exploration of one another's body.

He placed his hands on either side of her right thigh and began to caress down her leg. Over her knee to her calf he went, touching every part of her smooth leg. At his urging, Sandra braced herself, raising her foot in the air. Using both hands, Chris caressed her foot, rubbing soap all over the top and bottom of it. He paid attention to each and every one of her toes. He kissed the top of her foot affectionately, before turning to replenish the supply of soap on his hands. 

When he placed his hands on the upper part of her other thigh, Sandra's pussy flooded. Her breathing had grown steadily heavier with her arousal, and she couldn't take much more of this. How gentle he was with her, and what he was doing to her filled her heart with love and lust. She needed him to touch her pussy, and he was touching every part but. 

His hands caressed her entire leg, until he reached her other foot. She lifted that one for him, and his hands massaged it lovingly. He kissed the top of it, much like the other one, and stood up before her. Smiling at her, he squeezed a bit more soap onto his hand. He had more spot to clean.

Sandra closed her eyes when she felt his hand cup her vagina. She sighed as she felt him rub his entire hand over it, manipulating the lips as he washed her pussy. The buzzing her pussy increased tenfold, and she found herself squirming before him. She felt his lips kiss her mouth softly, and she opened her eyes. He pulled his hand away, smiling. She turned around and rinsed off the front of her body.

Chris stared at the tanned skin of her lovely ass. A powerful wave of desire surged through him at the sight. He began to lather soap on her back, quicker this time as he was becoming too aroused to take his time getting to that ass. After what seemed like an eternity, he began to massage her ass cheeks. He kissed the back of her neck.

"I love you so much, Sandra." He whispered in her ear, barely audible over the spray of the shower. Her pussy tingled at his words, and her heart pounded harder. He began to trail his fingers up the crack of her bum, soaping it up thoroughly. He stepped back, and she knew that he was done when she felt his hand leave her ass. 

She turned around, rinsing off the back of her body as she put her arms around his neck. His hands squeezed her soft ass as they came together in a passionate kiss. Her tongue shot into his mouth urgently, and he was conscious of her large breasts pressed against him. As they kissed, he gradually spun them both around so that his back was to the shower. She allowed him to back her up to the other side of the tub, until she felt her back touch the wall. 

Sandra instinctively placed a foot on the edge of the tub, opening herself up a little for the man that she loved. 

Without breaking the kiss, he found himself bending his knees a little, trying to bring his manhood down to her treasure. He went down a little further and finally felt his dick move underneath her. As his tongue explored her mouth, he was conscious of his cock finding the warm, slick entrance to her pussy. She sighed lustfully into his mouth, her crotch tingling uncontrollably. 

Chris lifted up a little, forcing the top of his penis into Sandra's hungry vagina.

"Mmmph…" she moaned into his mouth as she felt his hardness enter her. His hands held her ass tightly, holding her steady as he pulled back a bit. He pushed forward, hard. His rock hard cock shot violently up into her warmth.

"Ohhhh!" she moaned, breaking the kiss for a moment. Then her lips were again on his as his organ remained sheathed inside her. He slid his tongue into her mouth as he pressed his wet, naked body against hers. He began fucking her using small, urgent strokes, barely moving his penis out of her before jamming it back in. They were breathing heavily inside each other's mouth as they frantically consummated their need for each other. 

Her pussy was so hot, so snug around his thick pole. He felt complete when he was inside her His lips were kissing at her mouth eagerly as he pressed her against the back of the shower. Chris could not hold himself in that position for very long, his legs were tiring, so he was forced to slide out of her. 

Sandra looked at him lustfully, breasts heaving as she gasped for breath. She allowed him to spin her around roughly, and she obediently bent over before him. His heart pounded at the sight of her amazing ass, and he couldn't help but give it some attention. He sunk to his knees behind her. 

Sandra felt his hands on her ass, kneading the cheeks. She could feel his mouth on the skin of her bum, kissing her over and over again as she remained bent over, panting in front of him. As he kissed her ass, he stared at the pink, swollen lips of her pussy tucked neatly between her legs. Her tight little asshole was exposed to him also, as he spread her ass cheeks wider with his hands. 

Unable to help himself, he buried his face in her ass, sliding his tongue into her needy cunt. He could taste her wonderful juices as he swirled his tongue around her vagina. She sighed, softly. Bolts of pleasure shot up her body at the sensation of him eating her pussy from behind. 

As he sucked her swollen lips into his mouth, he stared at her anus. The two of them knew that they were both into anal sex, whenever conversation over the years had turned to the subject, but this was still new territory. Chris's tongue snaked out and slowly licked down to the bottom of her slit, and continued moving on up the skin between her pussy and her ass. 

His hands squeezed her cheeks tightly, spreading them wider as his tongue trailed up the crack of her ass. He teased around her little hole, and she squirmed, tingles shooting through her body in anticipation. He pulled back, kissing her ass cheek again. He kissed the other one, prolonging his next move. 

Chris buried his face in Sandra's ass, forcing his tongue into her anus. "Ohhh…" she sighed, feeling his tongue wiggle around in there. She placed a foot on the edge of the tub, giving him her bum. His tongue teased a circle just inside her asshole before slipping out. He lightly lapped at her pussy, causing her to gasp, before turning his attention back to her anus. He kissed just inside her crack. 

Sandra was quivering before him. She was highly aroused, and she didn't think her pussy could get any wetter! He licked at the entrance to her asshole again, slipping his tongue inside a little. 

"Ohhh God, Chris." She moaned. "Fuck me in the ass!" He couldn't believe his ears, his cock twitched at her words. He stood up behind her, his rock hard dick in his hand. 

Heart pounding, she bent over further for him. He placed his penis at the entrance to her pussy, and eased himself into her warmth. She groaned, arching her head back as his cock slid into her moist tunnel. Chris wanted to lube his cock up a bit with her flowing juices, so he began to slide in and out of her slick twat, enjoying the sensations.

Suddenly, he slipped his rod out of her, catching her off guard. He was really feeling incredible in there! He ran the mushroom head of his dick up the crack of her sexy ass, stopping when it reached her little hole. Holding it straight out, he pushed forward. 
