 She hadn't been with a man in a very very long time.

She was a bit shy. She was self conscious, and very modest about her body and looks, although she had no reason to be. She was 40 years old, with the body of a teenager. She was petite, five feet three inches tall and she weighed about a hundred pounds. She was a natural red head with straight beautiful locks that matched her autumn-toned skin. She had a few freckles, mostly on her chest. Her pants size was three, and she had an amazing cute little bum and slim waist. The most striking thing about her was her amazing posture. Shoulders back and butt out, naturally. She was a total head turner to old and young men alike. Even young young boys and teenagers would turn and notice her as she passed by them on the street or at the mall. She was blessed with good looks. She was the definition of natural beauty. Simple, tiny, elegant and perfect.

She had been in a relationship that had damaged her emotionally, and being a single mom seemed to cause her to assume her role as super-mom and as the years went by, she seemed to have lost touch with her sexual identity.

He was of a different nature. He was the tall dark and handsome type. He was a complete extrovert, and was an outspoken well dressed artist. He seemed to be gleaming with self confidence. He knew he was good looking, but it showed in his confidence, not in him being vane. He was the guy that the other guys admired and wanted to be like. He was the guy that made the older and younger ladies "perk-up" when he walked into the room. He was a professional, very well dressed, well spoken and well liked. He was a very cunning linguist.

She called him one evening. She was very reserved by nature. She was surprised that she had called him when his voice said "Well hello there!" (he had call display, he knew who it was)

"I can't believe I called you," she said nervously, with a little laughter.

"Well honestly, I can't believe it either, but I am so glad that you did! Is everything ok?" he asked with a deep confident and comforting tone.

"Yes. Well, no actually." She was having a hard time saying what she needed to say to him.

"Listen, just be cool, it's only me. You can tell me anything. I told you that I'd always be here for you, and I meant it. Take a deep breath and tell me whatever you need to." he calmly assured her.

"I've been wanting to call you for weeks, for months actually. I'm just alone. I am alone and I'm lonely, and I never ever called you before because I didn't believe in myself. In fact, the only time I feel good about myself is when I talk to you. And I was wondering...." she took a deep breath and paused.

"Yes?"

"Would you like to come over? If you don't that's ok, I totally underst..."

"Of course I would!" He promptly interrupted her. "Thank you for asking, I would love to see you! In fact, I am going to have to pinch myself here to make sure I'm not dreaming! Ouch! Nope this is real! Can I come right now?" he eagerly and politely asked.

She was giggling from him pinching himself "Yes, come now, that would be great!"

"Ok, I'm leaving right now." 

"Great, I'll chill some wine for us!" she said

"Awesome! I'll be over in 20 minutes. See ya in a bit!" he said cheerfully and enthusiastically.

"Great! See ya right away!"

He didn't know what had come over her, but he was smart enough to know not to kick a gift horse in the mouth. She was so beautiful, and he had been looking for a woman like her his whole life. She was truly, truly a rare find. He always fantasized that she and he might get together, but she was so timid, and seemed to be a bit taken back by his forward and strong personality. But she reached out to him, so maybe she thought that his strength was what she needed in her life. He didn't know, but he showered up quickly and dressed in his best ass-tight designer jeans and button up long sleeve shirt to match. 

He pulled up her lane in his Turbo Acura, and saw her standing in the window. She smiled slightly and lifted her hand to wave. He smiled back and waved. His smile put her at ease. She was so nervous. This was the first time in over fifteen or so years that she had asked a man for his company. And this man, she had been thinking of for months, was walking up her lane to see her.

Her heart was pounding as she reached for the door handle. She opened it and he stood before her. He stepped inside, and strangely, naturally, they never spoke. 

He took her gently in his arms and pressed himself to her. He could feel that her breasts were firm, and that her nipples were hard. She was thrilled, and so sexually alive. She could feel hardness in his groin, that he was pressing into her. She hadn't felt this aroused for a man, in all the memories that she had. She was somewhat scared, but thrilled at the same time. She felt moist in her panties, and she felt herself swell there too.

He was so gentle with her.. touching her face and looking into her eyes, holding her close, he felt her reciprocate. He felt her press herself into him slightly. She wanted him to feel her doing it. She wanted him to know that she was giving herself and offering herself to him. She was inviting him to have her. 

She forgot all about her reservations, her perils and her past. It was just too late for that now. All she wanted was him.

He gently kissed her on the mouth, so as to not scratch her with his goatee. Their tongues darted and danced together, and their saliva mixed.. he licked up at the roof of her mouth, and she licked at his teeth, and beneath his tongue. They were sharing one another so personally, and so passionately.

To his surprise he was sensing an urgency in her, a need. It was as though her primal self had taken over. She wanted to mate with him. She felt like a woman, no need for explanation, or to analyze. She and he were one with each other in this moment, and nothing in the world could stop them. It was as though they felt the power of humanity causing them to join. It was clear that these feelings were what made babies come about in the world. It was natural, and so passionate. It was magical!

Their lips parted and she took a step back from him. To his surprise, she took him by his hand, looking back at him as she led him to her bedroom. She was not smiling. She looked right into his soul with that look, and walked leading him while looking into him. 

Seeing this showed him that she was purely in that moment with him. She was not apprehensive, nor did she hesitate to take him where she intended to.

There was a grand high bed in her tidy room. It was obvious that there wasn't a messy man was living with her. It was pillowy and cozy. There was a night light in the wall plug casting their images on the wall. 

She stood before him, looking him in the eyes. She took a bit of a deep breath and without taking her eyes from his, she undid her blouse, one button at a time.

She could see and appreciate that he was letting her do this all at her own pace. She had control of this, and she was making it happen all on her own. He wouldn't dream of taking control of the situation. She needed it to happen this way. For her self esteem,her womanhood and for her damaged emotional self. This act was healing long and deep wounds in her. He was very sensitive and he knew this. He wasn't going to make a single move.

She was not wearing a bra, but her breasts were not visible as each side of her blouse was draped over each breast. There were small points where her now rock hard nipples grazed the sheer fabric of her blouse.

She took one step towards him, still looking into him, and reached down for his hands. She took them, turned them palms out and placed one on each of her breasts. Her nipples were hard as ice, and her breast type was the beautiful "pointed-slope" type that often only natural red haired women have.

She closed her eyes and her head went back some. She was weak at the knees from him touching her, and she held on to his broad strong shoulders for support.

Her pussy was dripping now. He could smell it faintly, rosy and musky. A woman's smell, not a teenager's. He was delighted, and was throbbing in his jeans.

He moved closer to her, kneading and circling her beautiful tits, not too hard, and not too soft so as not to tickle her. He knew just how to do it. He was astounded by how hard her nipples were! She was so so hot. He kissed and lightly sucked at her neck. Her gorgeous mane of red hair was back from her face. Her head was back, and her back was arched. She was like a cat in heat. Arching her back, lifting her tail and sticking her bum out. Her knees were weak from the sensations he was giving her, and she had to literally hold on to his arms and shoulders so as to not fall to the floor in ecstasy.

She whispered to him. "Take off your shirt"

He unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall to the floor at his feet. He stood before her. She admired his broad shoulders and big chest. He was a man of considerable size, and compared to her tiny petite body... he was a giant.

It was her turn to explore him. In a moment of wonder and disbelief, this handsome strong and smart man that she had so often wished she had the courage to engage, was standing before her giving himself to her.

She moved her palms and fingers up from his abdomen, over his chest, lightly stimulating him. Even his nipples were hard now. He felt as though she was marvelling at him and as though she was comfortable, enjoying his beautiful stature and physique. He felt so bold and so much like a man in that moment.

To his (and her) surprise, her hands moved around behind him to squeeze and feel his hard small bum. That cute little ass that she had admired from the first time she saw him.

It was such an incredibly erotic scene. She nestled her cheek in his strong chest, smelling his essence and she was sexually grabbing and tracing the lines of his butt. 

He was letting her have her way with him. He would be her champion this night, and he would only give. He would allow her to take what she wanted from him. He wanted this to be for her. He might have a chance to "take" later.

She moved a few inches back from him now and turned away from him. She let her blouse drop to the floor. She was still standing in front of him in her ass-tight jeans that were now soaked through the crotch. Her scent was incredible to him. She was comfortable baring her skin to him this way, and he totally understood this. He was so caring, and so into her feelings at that moment. She stepped back to grab his hands again and she placed them around her, his bare chest to her back, now skin on skin. She held his arms in a cross armed lock around her front, squeezing his embrace into her breasts. She lowered his hands for him, and moved an inch or so further away. 

She placed his hands on each of her ass cheeks and whispered back to him: "Touch me! Please touch me like I've wanted you to for so, so long".

His cock was completely rigid. It was poking out of the top of his jeans, making a wet spot on his lower abdomen. He was leaking and he could feel his balls churning and moving.

He traced the outline of her delicate lower body figure: her hips, her lower hips where they met her legs and finally, her perfect little ass. His hands were so big they could almost totally hold one entire cheek in each. He squeezed at it a bit, like he was gently kneading bread dough. He could hear her breathing deepen and increase. She was on fire!

She took his hands in hers again and placed them around her. He could tell from her movements that she was feeling for his cock with her backside. She was grinding into him and she could feel his hardness on her butt and on her lower back. She was absolutely lusting for him. She was in heat for him. It was natural, primal, and decadent.

In this heat and passion, she found herself to be almost in a dream state. She was enjoying herself and him and there wasn't a memory or thought of the outside world in her head nor was there one, in his.

She turned to him and whispered, asking.. "Please take them off. Take off your pants and show me. Show me already, please!"

He did as she asked and let his jeans fall to the floor. He pulled down his underwear. He was naked before her now. He was very proud of his body, and the look on her face when she saw his manhood, his marvellous big cock, made him even more proud and confident than he already was.

"Ask me to touch you.. ask me!" she whispered strongly.

"Touch me" he replied "will you touch me please, I can't stand you not touching me!" 

And she stepped closer, reaching out for him. Reaching out for what he had before her. She couldn't get one hand all the way around his enormous hard cock. It was almost as long as her forearm. He felt so huge, looking at her tiny delicate hands around him. He felt like a total stud.

She also commented on his balls: "wow, all of you is big, even your balls"

She pulled back his foreskin with one hand, and cupped his giant balls with the other. She could smell the essence of his manhood and she dripped from smelling him.

She gently blew air, softly on his wet throbbing cock head and teased him. She gave the underside a straight little lick, and his cock pulsed as his rectal muscles clenched from the pleasure. She smiled, and was so pleased that she was giving him such pleasure. She felt like a woman, finally she did. 

He just wanted her to enjoy his body and to do with it as she wished, not as she might be expected to, but as she wished. He was hers to use. He wanted to be, and she could feel it.

She stood up and on her tiptoes, and she kissed him. He could taste himself on her lips, and it left a stream of clear spit and his juice between their lips when they parted. It broke and fell across her freckled chest and tits.

Their privates were leaking, their mouths were watering, his cock was throbbing, her nipples were rock hard and even their pupils were dilated from this heavenly passionate love they were making together.

"I want you to see me. I want you to see me naked now, and I can't believe I do. I can't believe that I want you to so badly like this. I have never ever felt this way for a man before. I have never felt this way inside before, and I want to be naked before you. I crave to be naked before you."

She dropped her pants and underwear and he could see that they were soaked from inside her jeans. Her body was that of a goddess to him. She stood before him and just let him look at her. That was something that she always wanted to be comfortable doing, but hadn't been, until that moment. She turned, sticking her bum out a bit and arching her back for a pause and then turned to face him again. He was so pleased! Her pubic hair was trimmed, not shaved. It was so perfect. The broad triangle of her womanhood up above her groin. It wasn't phony, shaved in some pattern, or bald like that of a teenagers.Her pubis was absolutely perfect. It was a woman's pussy, it was hers. She could see his approval and like for it, as she watched his eyes look all over her. His expressions of delight caused her to be confident, and to actually enjoy showing herself to a man. For the first time in her life, she felt beautiful. Perfectly beautiful as a woman. Content and magnificent.

There were some very simple facts about this situation that he and she quickly realized: For one, he was at least a hundred pounds heavier than she was, and a good foot taller than her also. For two, she hadn't been with a man in a very, very long time. Finally, if they were going to fuck, it was going to have to be very gradual and very gentle. She was tiny compared to him, and he was well above average in size to an average sized woman, let alone to a very petite one.

He took the initiative and moved to her, his hard cock now touching her stomach, and his body touching hers frontally and completely. He whispered in her ear: "I will not hurt you, and I will not rush you"

She looked at him and said "I know you won't, I just, just know you won't" She knew that he would treat her like the most delicate flower and that he would treat her like his lover, not like a whore.

He picked her up right off of her feet, and held her in his arms. He kissed her deeply, and passionately. He gently laid her in the middle of the bed, and he began to trace over every part of her body with his hands. He moved his fingertips to her eyelids, and closed them for her, so she could just feel and not look for a few moments. He used his mouth and hands to kiss and touch every part of her yearning body. Every single inch, except for between her legs. He was taking every bit of time to sex her, to stimulate and relax her and to touch every part of her body that only she had been touching for years and years. He was completely making every single nerve fire on every exposed part of her body.

He rolled her over onto her front and mounted her. (not to fuck her..yet) He massaged her back and neck, her shoulders and arms, her lower back, her bum and her hips. She quivered when he did her upper legs and thighs. To even her surprise, she was trying to lower herself to his hands as they rode up her inner thighs. She was dripping, sweet and musky, soaking, with her honey running down her legs. She couldn't remember a time in her entire previous life where here pussy was so soaked. It was leaking, and it was ready and yearning for him.

He rolled her over onto her front again.

He touched her cheek as he kissed her tenderly. She was so very relaxed and comfortable. She was so wet. She was so sexed up. She knew that sex was supposed to be like this, and she would never have even be able to dream of having it this way. 

He said to her:

"I am going to lie down and I want you to have me any way you want me. You don't have to do anything to impress me, for that I am so far beyond impressed with you at this moment. Just do with me as you wish because I don't want to hurt you. I don't want you to be uncomfortable. I just want you to enjoy your body to enjoy my body and to enjoy me enjoying your body."

She smiled and touched his face with her hand. He was her champion. He was her man, and for once she felt what true love and passion really was. She adored him and she felt the combination of lust and love so deeply in her heart. She felt safe and she wanted to mate with him because of how she felt and how he made her feel. He was hers. He was her giant man, strong and noble. Her knight. The first "real" lover she had ever known or had.

She laid on top of him, her legs straddling his torso, in a passionate full body hug. Her chest pressed to his, her lips pressed to his. Her pussy was leaking and swollen, leaving a trail of her sweet essence on his lower abdomen. 

In this embrace, for the first time in years, a man's cock was touching her opening. She was moving her clit lightly back and forth on his lower tummy, and with each down movement, his cock was touched by her pussy. It's head was coated with her juice. This went on and on for a few minutes. Each time she lowered herself, his huge cock was getting further and further inside her. 

She was on top and she was in control of this sex. He was her stallion to ride or not ride. She was at peace, and she was so purely into this, that she was almost in tears of joy and slight laughter.

she paused for just a moment, and lifted herself off his chest. She looked into his eyes and she lowered her groin to his. She was dilated, and so wet and lubricated from her and his juices.

She made him be inside her. She moved herself to have him inside her. Further, and further until finally he was inside of her. This tiny woman, with patience and lust gradually got her stallion's entire cock inside of her. 

He was the largest thing she had ever had in her, since the birth of her son. The girth of his cock stretched her so wide, that her clit was directly against his shaft. She was full, impaled, stretched, dripping and needing. 
