 The two new lovers drove back to the highway and made their way back to Sandra's house. Her arm was locked in his, and her head rested comfortably on his shoulder as he drove. Everything was right in their world, neither could remember being so happy. 

When they got back, they picked up her four children. It was late, and all four were sleeping. Together, they put them all to bed. Chris and Sandra snuggled on the couch until midnight, and then they went to bed. It was a big step for her, trusting and loving a man enough to let him share her bed for the night. Especially this soon. She had her children to think of, and you can't just have any man wake up beside you when the kids barge in. 

He stripped down to his boxer shorts, and she wore white panties and a long LA Lakers T-shirt. They slipped under the covers together. She pressed up against his warm body, slipping an arm around him. He held her tight, and for next half hour they spoke in hushed tones. Not about anything of consequence, just about life in general. The strong bond that was always between them only grew stronger. 

Sandra didn't think her smile ever left her face that night. She snuggled into is strong, warm body and kissed him on the cheek as he was talking. He smiled. She couldn't see it, she just knew it. In the dark, his lips found hers and he kissed her tenderly. Their lips smacked softly as he kissed her over and over. 

She could feel her heart speed up and she closed her eyes and held the kiss the next time his lips touched hers. Mischievously, her tongue darted into his mouth. He ran his tongue along hers, and he could feel his penis grow hard in his underwear. 

Chris was conscious of every inch of his body. He could feel his shin where her naked foot stroked. He could feel his side where her stomach and crotch pressed. He could feel his upper body where her hand and arm caressed. He was sensitive to the feelings in his hand as it caressed her smooth upper thigh just beneath her ass. 

All of these feelings where intensified like never before. This was what Sandra did to him. He slipped his tongue into her mouth, and their kissing grew even more passionate. 

Sandra slid her hand down over the hairs on his stomach when she felt his hard cock poking up a lot higher than she expected. Already quite aroused, her pussy absolutely flooded at the sensation. Her breathing grew more laborious as they kissed. She didn't think that they could make love, she had her children to think about, but that didn't mean that she couldn't have fun with the man that she loved. The man that she had loved for so many years and only now has it come to fruition. 

Her hand reached into his underwear and her fingers circled his thick, rock hard pole. The tingling in her pussy grew stronger. 

He sighed into her mouth when he felt her touch his member. His own hand slid up to her ass, his fingers sliding just inside the back of her panties. Chris squeezed Sandra's ass as her hand expertly stroked his cock. Her tongue was urgently exploring his mouth as he ran his fingers softly down the crack of her ass. He stopped when he felt the moisture of her slit. 

"Mmmmph..." she moaned into his mouth, bolts of pleasure firing up her body. Her hand squeezed his manhood harder as he lightly ran a finger along the sensitive lips of her pussy. She wanted him, no she needed him inside her. She had to slow things down. 

Chris dipped a finger inside her. "Ohhh..." she sighed, softly, breaking the kiss for a moment before resuming it once more. He loved the sensation of her hot, wet tunnel gripping his digit tightly. 

She broke the kiss again, this time her lips trailed down his neck to his chest. Her tongue teased over his nipple, licking at it lightly as her hand continued to stroke his penis. He was forced to slide his finger out of her needy cunt as she kissed down his stomach. 

Sandra crawled down under the sheets, releasing his organ as she kissed down to where it poked out above his underwear. Breathing heavily, she gently pulled his boxers down his legs a little, freeing his beautiful cock. She kissed it lovingly, and she noticed it twitch in her hand. 

She slowly ran her tongue up the shaft, and when she reached the top she slipped it into her mouth. Chris sighed as he felt warmth snugly engulf his penis, her taut lips slowly sliding down his pole. He slid his hands down his body and ran it through her hair, holding her head in place with both hands. Sandra didn’t stop until his entire cock was in her mouth, her nose was buried in his pubic hair, his cock was touching her throat. 

She slowly slid him out of her mouth and than jammed it back in. She began to expertly bob her head up and down his manhood quickly. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp’ the loud sucking noises began to emerge as she got into her blowjob. Her fingers began to lightly play with his testicles as her tongue lapped at the head of his dick every time she withdrew. His hands were squeezing her hair, pulling it a little as her mouth drove him crazy. 

“Ohhh…” he moaned, softly. He began to writhe his ass up off the bed and into Sandra’s face as she gave amazing head. Her mouth was so hot and moist around his organ – it felt like a pussy! ‘slurp slurp slurp’ she sucked him even harder, eagerly mowing on his cock as if she was starving. 

“Mmmph!” she moaned erotically as she bobbed her head on his lap as fast as she could. He was losing it already. She had only been down there a few minutes, but she was such a pro that he didn’t think he could hold off another second! He humped his cock up into her eager mouth a little harder now as he hit the homestretch. She could hear his breathing grow heavier and his moans grow louder and she knew he wouldn’t last much longer. She sucked him extra hard, cupping his balls in her hand.

“Ohhhh God!” he grunted, and with that he exploded. She could feel his throbbing cock pulsate in her mouth and hot liquid fired hard off her throat. She quickly slipped her lips down his shaft like a good girl. 

Chris’s penis jerked again, firing another hot load into Sandra’s mouth. He held her head in place by the hair as he came, and she loved every second of it. She swallowed his thick semen expertly, feeling it warm her stomach. His ejaculation finally slowed to a trickle, and she sucked hard, trying to milk every ounce out of him. 

His hands finally released her head, but Sandra remained down there for a moment, as if hesitant to let go of his penis. She pulled his softening member out of her mouth with a ‘pop’, and though it was dark he knew she was smiling up at him. She squeezed him, and licked the top, getting one last drip of cum. She crawled up the bed beside him, sliding her arm around him and kissing his cheek. He kissed back, still trying to catch his breath. 

“Wow!” he exclaimed. She giggled.

“That was great! Thanks!” he added. She kissed him on the mouth, lips smacking.

“No problem. I really liked doing it!” She replied. He slid his hand down to her smooth ass, his fingers slipping into the sides of her panties a little as he kissed her soundly. He gave her ass a squeeze as he slipped his tongue into her mouth. He broke the kiss.

“Let me return the favour.” He said.

“You don’t have to.” She said, smiling because she knew that she wanted it. He kissed down her neck and over her shirt as she lay on her back. He squeezed a leg in between hers, and she parted them wider, allowing her lover to get completely in between them. Chris quickly moved down between her legs, kissing her pussy over her panties. 

She shivered at the sensation, legs parting even wider. He could smell the strong scent of her arousal as he kissed the inside of her thighs. He slid his hands under her ass and, using his thumb, he eased her panties to one side. He kissed her naked, swollen lips, tasting her. 

Sandra gasped, her hands sliding down her body and holding his head. His tongue snaked out, and he slowly licked from the bottom of her slit up to the top. She was quivering, his tongue felt incredible on her sensitive pussy. She jumped when his tongue nudged her clitoris. 

He slid his tongue inside her, twirling it around her tunnel. She began to subtly writhe her crotch up into his face as he licked the inside of her vagina. He slid his tongue out of her and sucked her quivering cunt lips into his mouth. He held them there, running his tongue up and down them. He squeezed her soft ass as he released her pussy lips. He slowly licked up her slit to the top, lapping lightly at her clit. 

“Ohhh God…” she sighed as bolts of pleasure shot up her body. Suddenly, Chris sucked as much of her pussy into his mouth as he could, holding it there. His tongue went wild, licking all over her lips and clit as he lightly sucked her. 

“Ohhhh…” she moaned again, bucking a little off the bed. He licked as fast as he could all over her delicious pussy, and he knew her orgasm was rising. He clamped down on her clit, trapping it between his lips as his tongue licked it rapidly. She was humping him so violently she nearly threw him off.

“OHHH!” she moaned, a little loudly as orgasm washed over her. Her entire body grew incredibly hot, her heart was about to burst, the tingling in her crotch expanded to encompass all of her being as she came and came and came. She was so wild that Chris found himself fully hard again. As Sandra recovered, he got out from between her legs and lay down beside her. He knew that she wouldn’t be up for making love with the children asleep in the other room. 

His boxers were still down to his knees and his rock hard cock was free. He kept his crotch area away from her so she wouldn’t know that he was hard again. He didn’t want her to feel bad that he was all worked up again and she couldn’t accommodate. 

He kissed her mouth and she put a hand behind his head, holding him in place as she sent a tongue eagerly into his mouth. She could taste her pussy on his tongue as she kissed him passionately. She desperately wanted him inside her. Just to feel that rock hard penis in her for a moment. He kissed back, eagerly, and she pushed closer to him.

His member poked her in the thigh, and tingles shot up her spine at the sensation. He was hard again! But she couldn’t. Not with the kids in the house! She could not stop kissing him though. He made her feel so good. He made her feel like no man has ever made her feel. 

She rolled onto her side so that they were facing each other completely. As their kiss continued, she found herself placing her foot on the other side of his leg, pulling him closer to her. 

Chris was now between her sexy legs, and she could feel his hard, naked cock pressing against her thinly covered crotch. They began to writhe against each other, animal instinct taking over. Their tongues explored each other’s mouths, trying to get out their desires in a kiss. Finally, Sandra couldn’t take anymore, and she broke the kiss.

“I need you inside me Chris.” She breathed. With that, she reached behind her, underneath her ass, and pushed her panties to one side of her pussy. Using her leg, she urged him closer. 

“I have to keep my clothes on in case the kids get up.” She warned. He didn’t care, as long as he could be inside her. 

As if with a mind of its own, the top of his penis found the hot, steamy entrance to Sandra’s wonderful vagina. They both wiggled forward a little and he entered her slowly. He kissed her softly, the top three inches of his penis gripped tightly in the warmth of her vagina. Their lips were smacking and they were breathing heavily. She let go of her panties and it remained at one side of her treasure, and she put that hand on his bare ass, urging him inside her. 

Chris pulled back a little, and than slid up inside her all the way. “Ohhhh…” Sandra sighed. They were one. A part of his body was inside of her. From behind, his hand held her ass, holding her panties aside so he could have clear access to her pussy. 

They held each other close as she slipped her tongue far into his mouth. His heart was racing. What he was feeling was more than just sexual satisfaction. He was feeling a closeness, a love unlike anything he has ever felt. To him it was more than just being inside Sandra. It was being a part of Sandra.

And her love for him was no less overwhelming. She loved the feeling of being filled up, but Chris did more to her. He filled a void that has always been in her heart. She broke the kiss.

“I love you, Chris.” She whispered, shaking with nervous emotion. He felt as if he grew another inch inside her at her words.

“I love you so much, Sandra.” He replied. Squeezing her soft ass tightly, he began to slide in and out of her welcoming treasure. Even though it was dark, they were looking into each other’s eyes, enjoying each other. 

His penis slowly eased in and out of her hungry vagina as their breathing grew even more laborious. He pecked her mouth, lightly. Her heart soared. She was conscious of every inch of his hard cock as it eased gently into her needy pussy. Her hand and foot were pulling him into her, encouraging him to move faster. He felt so incredible. 

Her panties were slipping back over her entrance, and the material was rubbing a little on his shaft as he made love to her. He stopped, pulling out of her to her disappointment.

“Face the other way.” He said, “I’m having trouble holding your panties out of the way.” Sandra rolled onto her side facing the doorway (which was open a little, allowing light from the hall to enter). Chris pushed her panties up above both of her ass cheeks, exposing her wonderful pussy to him. 

He slid one arm underneath her, sliding it up her shirt and cupping her bare breast. He could feel her erect nipple in his hand, a sharp contrast to her soft mound of flesh. His other hand was holding her panties against her ass, and he was aiming his solid member at her entrance. He slid into her easily, his dick becoming instantly warmed by her cunt. 

“Ohhhh…” she sighed. He was pressed against her ass, completely buried inside her. His hand squeezed her tit, massaging it as he kissed at her neck. He began to thrust against her, sliding his pole in and out of her. She was breathing heavily, and she turned her head, lips searching. He kissed her passionately, tongue exploring her mouth as he slid in and out of her from behind. She hooked her foot behind his leg, giving herself to him.

They were made for each other. Their kiss was full of passion, they knew how each other moved. The sensation of his long, thick manhood gliding along the snug walls of her pussy was indescribable for both of them. The tingling in her crotch was overwhelming, and she found herself subtly ramming her sexy bum back against him. 

They were moving a little faster against each other. ‘slap slap slap slap’ the soft slapping of his groin against her ass was getting a little louder as they began to get carried away. They could not go any harder, however, for fear of making too much noise! As such, Sandra found herself on the edge of an orgasm, but not quite there.

“Wait.” She gasped. Chris stopped, his cock buried in her to the hilt.

“Take it out.” She ordered. He slid out of her, the cool air of the room hitting his lubricated penis. She rolled onto her back and slid her thumbs into the sides of her panties. Raising her ass off the bed, she slid the skimpy things down her smooth legs and pulled her feet out of them. She threw them on the floor, naked from the waist down. 

“Come here.” She whispered. Her chest was heaving as he squeezed his legs in between hers. She reached down between them and her hand gripped his member. Agonizingly slow, she ran his mushroom head down the moist lips of her cunt until it reached her entrance. She pulled on it a little, urging him forward. He slid into her, moaning as he entered her all the way in one stroke. 

“Ohhhh yessss…” she sighed, throwing her head back. Her hands grabbed his ass, her feet slid up the outside of his legs to the backs of his thighs. He was inside her again, and there was no greater feeling. Her hands squeezed at his ass, urging him to fuck her. 

His lips found hers as he began to slide in and out of the comforting warmth of her pussy. Their tongues rubbed against one another as his cock slowly pushed into her vagina over and over. They were breathing heavily into each other’s mouth as he began to move faster. She raised her feet up into the air, raising the blanket up high as his ass thrust hard between her legs.

“Ohh! Ohhh! Unh! Unh! Ohhh! Unh!” she moaned softly, trying to keep quiet. Her orgasm was rocketing towards her now, with no distractions to stop it this time. The tingles were building, and building, and building.

“Ohh!” she squeaked, almost there. He pistoned harder in and out of her hungry pussy, driving her over the edge. “OhhhhhGod…” she whined, softly. 

Her legs squeezed him tight, making it difficult to fuck her as wave after wave of orgasm washed over her. Her heart was pounding, and there were tears in her eyes. Her mouth kissed at him breathlessly, loving him, thanking him. Chris’s big, warm, hard penis felt incredible so deep inside her like that!

“I love you.” He breathed, kissing her mouth. Warmth flowed through her at his words, just as her orgasm was subsiding. His mere words made her cum just a little longer!

Sandra’s arms held him tighter and her legs loosened up a little, freeing him to fuck her a little harder. He began to pound into her, bouncing her ass hard off the bed. She was so tight, so hot around him. He didn’t know how much longer he would last.


“I’m gonna cum, baby.” He gasped, thrusting harder. 

“Give it to me!” Sandra whined, softly. “Give me your cum, honey!” She kissed his cheek over to his ear, she could feel how hard he was inside her and it felt wonderful! She was breathing heavily into his ear, her arms around his neck now as he rammed his cock in and out of her.

“Cum for me, Chris!” she whispered erotically into his ear, “I want to feel your cum inside me! I love you so much!” Her words were pushing him over the edge, and jackhammered in and out of her as hard as he could.

“I need it Chris!” Sandra breathed, “ I need to feel your cum inside my pussy!” That did it. He slid his hard penis all the way inside her vagina and held it there. He moaned, quietly, looking down at her. 

His cock jerked, firing his hot seed deep into Sandra’s fertile womb. 

She wrapped her legs tightly around him, holding him close. Her arms were around his neck and she was kissing at his face as she gasped for breath. 

She could feel his manhood pulsate inside her, spraying the back of her vagina with his cum. His penis jerked again, another thick wad of semen shooting deep inside her. He was in heaven.

Chris finally found the strength to kiss the woman who showed him what love truly is. Their lips smacked loudly as they kissed breathlessly. He could feel the last of his seed trickling into Sandra’s hungry pussy.

“Ohhhh…” she sighed, kissing him over and over again. She caressed him lovingly with her toes as he remained inside her. 

She never wanted him out of her! Sex has always been incredibly fun. What she had with Chris, though, was beyond that. When he was inside her it put her on another plane of existence. To feel his cum inside her made her feel like the luckiest woman in the world. Sandra truly felt that when Chris ejaculated his seed into her fertile womb, he was giving her the greatest gift she could ever want. 

He felt the same way. He felt as if his sperm was created to be given to Sandra, and Sandra only. It was as if all the other women in his life were introduced as practice runs. As he softened inside her, neither wanted him to pull out. 

Both of them wanted to make love again. They couldn’t, though. They shouldn’t have done it the first time, what with her children in the house. He reluctantly slid out of her wonderful treasure and lay beside her, pulling up his boxers. She curled up in his arms and they fell asleep that way, smiling.