 Chapter 01. Christmas

Over the years, many times, I have thought about injecting some real life anecdotes of our nightlife at home. I have a great sex life with my wife, and I have finally decided that from time to time I will 'wrap-up' a story of the things we go through together in bed, or indeed, anywhere around that might take our fancy. 

We have been married for over 23 years now, and it is really a case of knowing each other better through time. We have never stopped loving each other, and if anything, our sex life has become wilder as we explore kinkier sides.

This is indeed a true story.

December 26th 2014 : Home : Recreation Room.

The day after Christmas was a quiet one for us. We had only a couple of visitors, my cousin Mark and his little son. They could only stay up to half past three since Mark had a date with his new girl following his divorce. 

Our two offspring, 20 and 18, not children anymore, weren't home. One was at her boyfriend's house, and the other out with friends, including a sleepover. We would be alone at home all night.

By 8pm we had both showered, were wearing our night robes, and had settled in our TV room, ostensibly to watch some television before heading off to sleep.

At 49 and 46 respectively, having a nap was a gift, not a punishment... however we tuned the TV onto a soft porn channel where nothing much was done except a lot of showing, lit some aroma candles around the room, and settled on the sofa.

With the air-con humming quietly in the background, it was easy to imagine you were on a quiet aircraft.

There was a big question mark however today, and that is whether we were able to have sex. The wife had done an operation and it would be some time before penetration was allowed, according to the doctor.

We were not too worried, I just loved her smooth shaven pussy, and she simply could not get enough of my cock. And so it proved. As she lay back on the sofa, robe open, I twiddled her nipples, which made them get hard instantly. Jackie was always a good bet for an orgasm just by sucking on her tits.

I pushed her legs wide open with my body, my stomach against her small clit as I nibbled and harried at her breasts. Now at 46 they had lost their elasticity a bit, and were losing the fight against gravity, but I didn't mind. They were nice, big and soft, so pliable to the touch. Best of all, they were super-sensitive, and her nipples screwed up into little crinks as I alternated blowing hot and cold breaths onto them.

Her little box was already heating up and leaking girl juice on my stomach as she ground against me. After some minutes of sucking on her tits, I moved lower, tracing my way to her pussy with my tongue, while leaving my hands to play with her breasts. 

My tongue traced intricate circles around her bully button before dipping in it and licking inside. Jack shuddered as she neared orgasm and not wanting her to lose out, I lowered my head to her fabulously thick lips and licked my way from the bottom upwards, settling on her clit and gnawing at the little nubbin of flesh. I always wished she had a bigger clitty.

She exploded with a stifled scream, her legs around my head as she pulsated in an insane orgasm, coming and coming again. I wondered how she could manage four, five, six orgasms one after the other.

Finally she opened her legs again, and I could bask in her naked glory. I simply loved watching her nude form, and I let her get her breath back while I lay back too and started wanking for her. This was a game for us. We both loved masturbating for each other. We were totally uninhibited wherever sex was involved. We had tried every trick in the book, and some that weren't. 

"Jesus, that was brilliant" she said, playing with her clitty, dipping her fore-finger in her hole and offering me her dripping wetness. I slurped her openly, enjoying the lascivious feeling we got from such naughtiness.

I understood that many of our friends were not this open sexually with each other, and to be honest, I couldn't understand why. If after twenty years of marriage, they weren't comfortable with their body, I guessed that something might be wrong. 

We had no qualms in exploring, tasting and sucking every part of each other... I sometimes wished I could take her pussy everywhere with me, while it was normal for her to say how much she wished that my dick was removable, so that she could use me in any way she wanted.

We simply loved sex and we couldn't get enough of it.

As I thought this over, Jackie, guided me on my back on the sofa, and started attacking my dick, ever so hard and leaking like a faucet. I was still masturbating, legs unashamedly wide open. I panted as my dick went through all the sensations of being in a hot warm vise. Jackie slapped my hand away, as she took control. Her tongue was licking at my ass, another turn-on for me. She slurped her finger in her pussy before positioning it at the entrance to my bum and pushing forward ever so slowly, helped along by her pussy juices.

I sighed as I gripped my ankles and drew them towards me. This had the effect of spreading me even wider, and with her fore-finger safely ensconced in my ass, she grabbed my hard dick with her other hand and brought it to her mouth. She licked me like a lollipop before spitting on the head and taking the whole length, or most of it, into her mouth.

I am not going to exaggerate, saying I have a huge penis. I have a six-inch tool that is decently thick around, and gets the job done. Sometimes I am thankful I only have this tool available as my wife's pussy is quite shallow, and also, her mouth isn't too wide. My length would bump against her g-spot every time we would fuck from behind and reduce her to a quivering state.

I looked on in a daze as Jackie took me totally in her mouth and started humming. Her finger was working at my prostate, while she was tickling my nipple with the other hand.

Her face had settled ever so slowly onto my shaved pubis. I had seen the shaved look at the local gym, and had surprised her with it one fine night. We loved the comfort it both gave us, together with heightened senses.

I tried not to come too quickly else it would spoil the fun. At my age, nearly 50, coming too early would make sure my dick would reduce to a small sausage within five minutes...

I tapped her on her shoulder, to tell her that I was close, and she pulled back, looking at me while doing so, a great string of spit and pre-cum joining us still.

She came up to me as we played around with our secretions, getting more aroused with every passing minute. I was dying to stick it into her, but we had decided not to engage in coitus, and that simply playing around was fun too.

Her finger in my ass was driving me crazy, and we slumped sideways, giving me a chance to lick at her backside. I have no excuses. I am a dirty old man, and I simply loved her ass.

I dribbled spit onto her hole, and inserted one finger, then two, sawing in and out as if it was a knot of wood. I replaced my fingers with my tongue, and she screamed in pleasure as I forced my fat tongue inside her ass. This had become a game with us, one that we both loved. I told you we were nasty.

I could feel her pushing her legs together as she orgasmed once again, and I spread her legs open as I licked at her cunny lips, gathering her cum and then crawling up to deposit it on her tongue.

We Frenched for a minute, slippery fluids being changed over and over again. Her pussy was rubbing against my shin as she orgasmed once again. Meanwhile I was masturbating mightily, enjoying the sensations of nasty depravation we could bring to each other.

From the corner of my eye I could see movement, and realized it was our cat, giving us a baleful eye. Probably complaining about the fact that we were using her favorite part of the sofa.

Jackie looked down, saw my cock directly in her line of sight, and hawked up another gob of spit, splattering it totally on my dick-head, appearing in and out of my fist as I wanked. 

Taking my hand off again, she grabbed it by the base, and gobbled it up halfway. This was her cue that she wanted my thick white cream in her mouth. Lately she has become addicted to my sperm, and she would swallow copious amounts whenever it took her fancy. 

I was so close as she wanked me into her mouth with her right hand, left hand plunging in the furrow between her legs as she orgasmed once more. Seeing her clench her thighs and hearing her whimper in the throes of passion was more than I could bear. I finally erupted, the first spurt ending deep in her stomach, the second being swallowed quickly, and the third left in her mouth.

I turned on to my back, and she crawled over on to me, her mouth full of my cum as I opened my mouth and we swirled the milky whiteness until it was gone.

I know that many might feel grossed out at hearing this, but we felt that we should never feel pressure from anyone on what war right, wrong or nasty, and we both liked it.

Her penis-inflamed lips would taste like nothing before, and I always remarked to her how much she seemed to enjoy sucking me. 

"If you could only taste yourself, you would realize how good you really taste. I can never get enough of it."

And truthfully, she couldn't. Many days when she would be on her period, she would just milk me dry constantly, sucking at me until I had nothing left to give.

Sometimes we fantasized about doing it with another couple, but it would be either idle chatter, or we simply have not found the perfect couple yet... however I admit to the fact that for once, I would like to try a bit of cock. It would have to be a nice clean shaven one, and sometimes I caught myself looking at penises too while watching porn.

Finally, dick spent, and limp, we regained our breath. Our robes were on the floor, and I tumbled onto one of them while Jackie was still splayed out wide open. I honestly couldn't get enough, and probably she wouldn't have gotten another orgasm, but I couldn't stop licking her pussy and her ass.

Finally sated, I crawled up on to the sofa, where Jackie played with my limp cock, once again taking me into her mouth and cleaning me up.

We finally cooled down, and feeling the chill, gathered our bathrobes to cover ourselves with them.

Ten minutes later, we were asleep, and hardly felt our cat snuggle in between us.