 I had always wanted an SUV – nothing fancy, just something sleek and powerful. From my humble beginnings, brand new automobiles were never an option. Instead, I'd have to settle for some old used car that I could barely afford.

But, today was different. I proudly paid for my brand new Ford Explorer – an average SUV as most go, but my brand new baby nonetheless.

"Baby," I said as I called my wife on the cell phone, "wear something nice tonight. I've got a surprise for you."

When I pulled up to the house, my wife met me outside.

"Oh, wow! You look so macho driving that big manly truck," she said.

She climbed into the cab, and was wearing a nice sundress. She looked especially vibrant and sexy. We drove along proudly in our new truck. 

"Oh my god, it's so spacious in here," she said.

"I know. Those back seats let down real easily. We could practically camp back there if we had to."

"And it's so nice and clean."

"Yeah, on the inside and out. I had it waxed, too."

"I love the smell of a new car."

"Me too. Did you see the rack up top?"

"Yeah, baby. That's great."

After a nice dinner and an evening drive under the starry night, my confidence was at an all time high. I decided to get a little cocky with our new vehicle, so I veered off onto a rural dirt road and drove aimlessly into the unknown. As the moon and stars shown through the sunroof, I noticed the beauty of my wife for the first time in a long time. She was smiling as we drove along, her long beautiful hair gathering the moonlight. When we reached a clearing near the top of a hill, I decided to stop.

"Get out of the truck," I commanded.

"What? Why are we stopping?"

"I said get out of the truck, now!"

She was bewildered by my forceful tone. We both got out of the SUV and approached the still beaming headlights.

"Get on the hood."

"What?"

"Climb up on the hood, and sit facing me!"

Still confused, she climbed atop the warm hood. I looked into her eyes, and it became obvious what was to happen next. She grinned widely and spread her legs.

"Lay back."

She laid back on the hood as I removed her panties. As I flipped up her dress, I stood toe-to-toe with her beautiful pussy. I was like an animal; I immediately devoured her, sucking voraciously on her clit. She writhed about the shimmering, polished hood of my new vehicle.

"Oh, yes, baby! Suck it! Lick my cunt, you bad boy… oh, my, God! Yeah… you lick my pussy so good."

She lifted her head off the hood so she could watch the attack of my tongue on her lips. I slurped all that I could and concentrated my tongue on her clit. 

"Oh, just like that, baby… Fuck… Yeah, just like that… oh, my God, yes!"

Just then, she grabbed my head with both hands and pressed my face deeper into her sopping wet vagina. As her legs hugged my face like a vice, I felt her body begin to tremble. I knew that she was close.

"Oh, my God… I'm gonna cum!"

She pressed my face harder into her.

"Yeah, keep licking me just like that!"

I knew her body better than anyone. Just before she was about to explode, I slid her off of the hood onto the ground.

"Aww, baby, I was just about there."

"I know. Anticipation makes it even better. Don't worry; you're going to cum very soon."

I slid the dress over her head and removed her bra as we kissed. I led her to the back of the SUV, and we entered the back cab. I laid the back seat flat so that we had plenty of room to stretch out and continue.

"Get in there so I can fuck you good," I told her.

"Oh, baby, you know I love it when you talk like that."

"Shut up and get in the truck,"

"Yes, sir."

She bent over to try to suck my cock, but I didn't want that. I was ready to drill her until she couldn't speak. I laid her back into the truck and climbed in on top of her. I entered her soaking wet pussy immediately.

"Oh, yeah! Fuck me, baby… Fuck me with your cock!"

I pumped her hard. I never liked the missionary position, but there was little room to be creative in the back of our new truck. I fucked her fast like a jack hammer, and she tore the back of my shirt with her fingernails.

"Ahhh, just… fuck… meeee! Oh, fuck! Ahh, baby, you're the best. I love it when you take my pussy!"

Her head and body shook violently as I fucked her harder and harder.

"Mmmm, make me cum! Make me cum! Ohhh, oh fuck… Yesah, baby… here it comes. Fuck me harder. Fuck me harder!"

My cock could feel her muscles tightening as her cunt constricted around my cock. I felt incredible as the heat of her orgasm washed over my cock.

"Yes, yes, Yesssss!!!! Oh, Christ! Oh, my Goddamnit… I'm cumming, baby! I'm cumming so hard for you… Ahh, yes!"

Our bodies were covered in sweat and the windows were coated with our steam. We lay there laughing at the steam on the windows and could only wonder what wear and tear we had put on the new shocks. We exited the truck so we could cool off in the crisp midnight air, but there was one person who hadn't cum yet.

"Come here, baby." 

I closed the back door hatch and cupped my hands for my wife to step up into them.

"Jump up on the roof."

Naked, she grinned and stepped up into my hands. I gave her a nudge to help her up to the roof of the Explorer then I jumped up on the bumper and climbed up top to join her.

"Turn around and grab the front rack," I ordered.

On all fours, she turned away from me and laid her hands on the front rack.

"Hold on tight."

I unzipped my fly and pulled my cock back out for the second hard fuck. I squeezed her lovely ass with both hands just because I could. In the moonlight, I saddled up behind her and slowly imbedded my cock into her once again.

"Oh, yeah, baby. That feels nice," she said.

"Mmm, you're soaking wet down there. I love to fuck you on all fours."

SMACK!

I slowly started to fuck her from behind looking down at her ass meeting my hips. I couldn't resist slapping her ass. The smack echoed loudly in the cool night air as did her moans. 

SMACK!

"Fuck my cock, baby… ride it faster."

Her body sped up ever so slightly.

"You call that fucking?"

SMACK!

I thrust my cock into her deeper and harder.

"Oh," she gasped. "Fuck me, baby… fuck me on top of your new truck!"

I picked up the pace to meet her body. She was now moving back and forth sliding about my cock while she clutched the rack for leverage.

"Give me your cum, baby. Give me that cum from that rock hard cock!"

I loved when she talked like that. I could feel my cum boiling inside me. Our bodies slapped together faster and faster. I could just imagine how sexy we looked on top of our new truck. Can you imagine this x-rated Ford ad? I'd damn sure buy a Ford if I saw this commercial.

"Oh, oh… oh… you… Fuck my body… just keep fucking me!"

I couldn't hold back any longer. I knew I was about to explode. I pulled my engorged cock out of her burning hot pussy.

"Turn around."

As I stood up on top of the truck, she turned around to face my cock. She pulled my cock close to her face and began stroking it fast. She looked me in the eyes and stuck out her tongue letting me know that it was all right to cum for her. She stroked faster and faster conducting my cock with the tip of her tongue, and then, it happened.

I came buckets into her mouth. She guided my still-cumming cock into her mouth and she drank my hot cock juice.

"Aahhhhhhhhh," I screamed.

I was cumming so hard, and her mouth felt so warm wrapped around my aching flesh. I smiled at her, and as she smiled back, my cock left her mouth.

We stood up and I held her in my arms as we looked toward the night sky on top of our new truck.