 It was her idea. We had been out all night, drinking in a local pub. I had only met her recently, and we were still largely strangers. Our night of drinking started to remedy that. The pitchers came and went while we talked about our beliefs and experiences. She was quick, kind, and a little shy, but all of this was wrapped up in a certain boldness I found unique. Our comfort grew, and the distance between us shrank. But too soon the hours passed and it was time to walk her home. She suggested we cut through the nearby ravine, which featured parks and nature trails. I of course agreed, and we slowly descended into its depths, before coming to the path that would bring her home.

We walk up the trail, away from the safety of the pavement and city lights. After a few minutes, the woods surround us, where one could hardly tell we are in the middle of a major city. Slowly, she becomes frightened in our isolation, her body trembling with each careful step. 

The moving shadows of the trees leave a darkness that her imagination eagerly fills in. Threats of all kinds surround her, pumping adrenaline through her veins. Her heightened senses strain to find which of her nightmares have become real above the rush of a nearby stream. Her breathing becomes shallow and rapid to accommodate her rapidly beating heart. Every sound that breaks through is instantly extrapolated as a signal for some horror in her mind, be it the warm breeze or the crunch of the path beneath us. She pulls closer to me, her only certainty in a world of frightening potential. 

I try to reassure her with cold hard logic. I had never been interested in horror films, and my mind knew only to see what was there: a dark forest after a hard rain. The ensuing conversation does little to calm her, but she insists we continue. I realize that she could take my calculated perspective, but chooses not to. Her one desire this night is excitement at any cost. This sweet, intelligent woman had a dark and crude side, and it craved for a kindred soul to reveal it. I intend to deliver.

We press on the path, our strides cooling the nervous sweat from her body. She places her trust in my calm hands and calm mind, knowing I can deliver her to safety but secretly hoping I take advantage. I suggest we go down to the river, explaining it would tranquil at this time of night, but my goal is to avoid prying eyes and to mask the noise of our inevitable cries of pleasure.

As we walk down, I wait patiently for the right moment before rapidly spinning, trapping her in the vice of my arms and pushing her against a nearby tree. Her focus instantly shifts from the surrounding possibilities to the reality I impose on her. The strength built in anticipation of her demise is unleashed upon me. Her muscles, long held tense in anticipation, eagerly break their stillness and pull our bodies closer together as the potential of the night materializes before us. Her mouth, previously silent for fear of those trying to locate us, presses desperately against mine. For a moment, we are motionless, an exhibit on the tension and passion in the still. When we again start to move, we do so only to pull our partner deeper within ourselves. Our hands start to explore each others bodies in rough grabs, never giving up their force.

Our kiss continues to last while I struggle to choose between the pleasure we are feeling and the desire to join my hands in manipulating her body. Eventually I relent, and the brief look of disappointment that crosses her face is quickly replaced with a coy grin as I kiss her neck and my hands roam further. Her eyes close so she can focus on all the sensations assaulting her. Her neck snaps back as her body tenses, pushing her chest against me. I become bolder, following the contours of her body, lost in the images of my desire. I swing her again, flipping her around and driving her amazing ass against me. My hands place themselves strategically, one snaking its way up her shirt to her ample breasts, and the other sneaking its way down to tease her. She pushes back against me, arching her back to kiss me over her shoulder as I remove our tops. For the first time, our full skin touches undulled by our now discarded clothes. She wishes I'd come in front of her again, to resume our initial posture, but I am not ready to relinquish my control yet. I release her, and focus my attention onto her back, lightly stroking, and kissing my way up and down. Though she is free to move, she stays in the same tense posture as before, held in place by her mind rather than my body. One final slow lick from the base of her spine breaks her composure, her shudder echoes through the trees around us.

I flip her back into my arms, and we finally look into each others eyes while basking in the heat from our bodies. Looking deeply I see a singular focus on the moment at hand, the moment we are sharing with each other. She notices my hesitation and takes the opportunity to reciprocate the attention she received earlier. Her lips and hands make their way over my chest, following one after the other along the hard lines of my body. My hands find themselves in her thick hair, helping direct her attention to where it is needed, while slowly pushing her downwards. She resists my cue, taking her sweet time with the body she has longed for. Her hands continue to move, grasping whatever piece of hard muscle they come across. 

After enjoying her ministrations, I feel the need to take control again. I gently guide her back up to face me, before taking her place on my knees. I fondle her body, but it's clear this is a brief stop on my journey. My hands grasp her inner thighs gently as I pull her towards me, before undoing her jeans. While she waits for me to slowly pull them off, I surprise her by raising myself and lifting the top of her panties, slowly licking the now exposed skin of her waist. This is my first intrusion to her most private areas, and she marks the occasion with tortured moan. I relent and begin to peel off her thong, leaving her natural beauty unveiled in the surrounding woods we have found ourselves in.

As I begin my work, she has her first opportunity to observe the landscape. The trees do not carry the same threat they did before – instead she takes them in, letting them take their rightful place in a treasured memory. Despite the motion of the nearby river, the scene has a stillness that has been there long before we arrived, and will remain long after we live. Our presence here is fleeting, but we will leave our mark.

She's shot back into her body by the attention I've been giving her. My initial kisses are deliberate and focused, staying close enough to make her want more but far enough to not give it to her. My fingertips trace her vulva, and pick up the moisture from her pussy. Their smooth and sudden movements are erratic, leaving her anticipating the next stroke but unable to predict when it will come. When they finally stop, I give her what she's been waiting for: that long, slow, full bodied lick from the very bottom to the very top. Her whole body rides out the pleasure as her pelvis shoots forward, matching my movement. The lick is punctuated at end with a little flick on her clit, eliciting a cry out of her. After a moment's hesitation, I resume my attention, carefully finding what she likes and giving it to her. I revel in the control I have over her body, and I watch to see her take pleasure. My licks begin to take on a rhythm, which her breath and body follow closely. The rhythm becomes faster, and her cries become louder. My fingers start to enter her pussy – first one, followed by a second. They amplify the beat our bodies are producing. My other hand is free, grasping her tightly where ever it lands. Meanwhile her hands seem to become restless, continually looking for somewhere to support herself. Our rhythm continues to accelerate. Her body is tensing, moving freely. I lick her for all I'm worth. Her voice and breath grow beyond our earlier pace, become louder, and faster still. I eagerly take in the spectacle.

She peaks, screaming out. Her body shakes, her eyes tightly close, and her hands shoot backwards, looking for something to grasp. They find a tree, which she much arch her back to grasp, pushing her pussy into my face. I relentlessly continue my assault watching waves of pleasure crash through her, in awe of the force the orgasm that pours over her trembling body. Her continuing gyrations hypnotize me. Her mind is unable to process anything but the onslaught overtaking her.

She comes back only slowly – one breath at a time. A satisfied smile crosses her face, as she looks down on my now gentle nibbles. We both take stock of the situation, my face and her pussy are covered in her wetness. She brings me up for a long kiss and I press her relaxed form into mine. This seems to awaken her, bringing her out of her haze. Her body grows in energy and motion, trying to communicate the gratitude her mind cannot. She powerfully gyrates against me, sinking down lower, her descent slowed only by the small licks and kisses she scatters across my chest. She stops at her knees, taking a moment to place herself. Her desire to engulf me immediately is paced by experience: her mouth and hands have a great deal of skill that can only be unleashed over time. By being patient she'll make me want it more, and she will savor every moment of my torment. 

Her hands tread lightly over my jeans, outlining the firm cock pressed against the denim, and sneaking a subtle grasp of my shaft. Her hands move to undo the buttons of my jeans, glancing upwards for my help in getting them off. Only a thin layer of cotton separates us. She grabs my firm ass, and presses her mouth against my boxers before exhaling and surrounding my cock with the hot, moist air from her mouth. Her mouth suddenly pulls off, and lands just below the 'v' of my abs, lingering to demonstrate just how much sensation she can inflict on a small spot. She follows this line down, slowly pulling my boxers to expose more of its path. She finally pulls the boxers back, over my erect cock, and down my legs.

It's finally there, facing her. She moves her head slightly back to accommodate its now unleashed shaft. I'm so hard she can see the blood pulsing through me. To her, my cock is a controller for my body, each touch she provides leading to a different reaction in me, and now it is in her grasp. She takes her time, staring, choosing how she wants me to feel. She decides to start on the head, lightly licking around my most sensitive area, sending all the nerve endings on alert. She then begins to move downwards, sliding down the sides before surrounding my hot, firm cock with her mouth. 

Her movements quicken to the point where I am unable to take in details – I can only feel incredible sensations coursing through my veins. My pelvis tries to thrusts my cock deeper, but despite my efforts she controls my force, deflecting, ensuring I stay this way for longer. My eyes open and close, moving from the trees to the river to her big eyes, which delightfully watching my thrashing. My body sweats, and my breath quickens. She doesn't relent. I twist and turn, unable to cope with the sensation. She doesn't allow me to get away. I feel my orgasm incoming. My body spasms as cum shoots out of me and into her waiting mouth. She continues her strokes, matching my body's rhythm, swallowing as I produce.

I finally come down, still enjoying her light attentions on my now spent cock. I look down, and our smiles turn into laughter as we take in what we've just done. I hop down onto my knees and lie us down on the ground. We begin to enjoy our final moments here. Lighthearted compliments are exchanged as we gently kiss and embrace. A sudden chill, brought on by the draining adrenaline in our bodies, beckons us to put our clothes back on. We do so haltingly, constantly interrupting each other by trying to sneak another kiss. The rest of the world comes back to us as we dig into our pockets for a cell phone to check the time. Of course, it's later than we thought. We happily move away from our scene, never to return to this location, but revisiting its spirit and passion in our later adventures.