 On my way home from work I receive a text message notification. While sitting at a red light, I slide my phone open and see a text message from a good friend of mine. Her and I have similar personalities and often think alike. 

"Dancing tonight?" the text message reads.

"My thoughts exactly." I reply before the light turns green. 

I drive down the road and pull into my driveway just as my phone beeps again. I put the car in park and look at the new text message. It is another message from Katie. 

"I am so glad the work week is done. Need to relieve some stress."

Her message makes me laugh. "Ditto" I reply.

A few seconds later, my phone begins to ring. I see Katie's name on the phone screen and answer the call. We make plans to meet up at her house and then head to the club. Our mutual friend, Doug, is meeting us at the club. Katie asks me to meet at her house around nine, but I show up thirty minutes late, knowing she is never ready to go on time. After another fifteen minutes of waiting for her to put on the finishing touches of her face, we grab a bite to eat at a fast food restaurant and drive to the club.

I no more purchase a beer and take a sip before she is dragging me onto the dance floor. Katie keeps me on the floor for three songs before I slip off the dance floor and take a much needed drink of my beer. Doug finds us at the table holding a beer of his own. Katie, who never seems to tire, drags Doug onto the floor for two songs. 

Doug drags her back to the table, sweating like a pig. We laugh about how much he is out of shape. He notifies Katie that he is done dancing for the night. Katie laughs and rolls her eyes at him. We all sit and chat for a few minutes until Katie's favorite song starts playing. I know instantly that she is going to drag me onto the floor again.

We dance close and intimately as the slow song plays. The dance club is starting to fill quickly and I notice several women I would like to take home tonight. Once the slow song finally ends and a popular dance song from the 90's starts playing.

"I haven't heard this song in years." I comment.

Katie is dancing back and forth and says, "Hell yeah. This is my jam from back in the day."

We are having a good time and laughing as we dance. I feel someone press against me from behind. I look at Katie who is looking behind me. Her eyes connect with mine in a way that tells me to "go ahead" without her saying a word. I turn around to see this gorgeous woman who is wearing the most beautiful purple dress flows smoothly over her hips, down to her ankles.

This mysterious woman winks at me then pushes her body up against mine, grinding her hips into my crotch. My hands move to her hips as I grind back against her, our hips swaying back and forth. I can feel her warm skin under the silky smooth dress. Her purple velvet dress is so sexy and seductive, hanging onto the contours of her body. She leans in and presses her head against my shoulder. I can feel her hot breath against my neck as I look down at the floor, seeing multiple colors move around in circles.

My groin begins to stir as I feel her crotch press hard against my body. At this moment, there is no one else in the club; my focus solely on her. My hands move around to her back and slow slide down to her bubble butt. She moans seductively in my ear as my hands cup her ass.

A second later, I hear her whisper, "I want you."

I cannot believe the words that I am hearing. I pull back a moment and look deep into her eyes, trying to read more into her intentions. She has a half smile on her face and a look of lust in her eyes. My attention is momentarily distracted and I look at my Katie, who is now just slightly to the right of this mystery woman. She is covering her mouth, which I can tell is wide open, as she watches us intently. My friend is still swaying back and forth to the music, dancing on her own.

I feel my dance partners' wet, warm lips press against the back of my ear and my shoulder instinctively cringes toward her mouth. I pull my dance partner's body tight against me again, swaying my hips while holding her hips. Her hips along with me, swaying in the same direction of body. Her hips press into me again, grinding against my growing manhood.

She speaks over the music, into my ear once more, "Let's go up to the balcony and do it."

Without even thinking, I instantly reply, "Are you serious?"

She giggles for a moment before answering me. As the song is ending, she says, "You are such a silly boy. Come find me in a little while if you want to have some fun later tonight. I'll take you to places you've never been."

When she finishes speaking, she spins out of my arms and disappears toward the back of the club just as quickly as she arrived. I take a couple of steps toward Katie escort her back to our table. My friend, Billy, is standing next to our table talking to a guy I do not know. I grab my nearly full beer from the table and start chugging it down.

"That was hot as hell, not to mention that she was pretty fine too." Katie says to me.

I cannot help but blush. "No shit! Did that really just happen?"

"Yes. Yes it did. Why did you let her just walk away for though?" she asks after taking a sip of her drink.

"She said to find her in a little while."

Katie continues, "She looked like she was in heat and wanted you bad. If I were you, I would have followed her and made sure I didn't let her get away or let someone else have a chance with her."

"I know. I know. I know. I wasn't thinking."

"Oh I am sure you were thinking, but with the other head." she says laughing uncontrollably.

Taking the last swig of beer, I throw the bottle in the trash and head toward the bar at the front of the club. The club has quickly gotten packed full of people. I worry that I may not find my mystery woman again as I squeeze my way through the crowd. Her body in the dark purple dress is floating around in my head. It takes a few minutes before I get close to the bar. I see a smooth purple dress in front of me and see the mystery woman with her back to me. 

Ready to continue the courting, I walk up from behind her and press my groin against her ass as my hand rest on her hips. Instantly she whips her head around, revealing a look of concern. When she sees it is me, her expression quickly changes to one of surprise, then happiness. She smiles warmly at me and presses her butt back, grinding it against me.

As I press my hips against her body she says, "Hey there. Want to buy me a drink?"

"Of course." I reply. "What are you having?"

She reaches back and wraps her hands around my waist, holding me tight against the back of her. I reach around the front of her and hold her by the stomach, my lips pressing against her tanned shoulder. "How about a strawberry daiquiri?"

"Coming right up." I answer.

A bartender moves over in our direction and points at her. I order her a strawberry daiquiri and two bottles of beer for me so that I won't have to wait in line again for another beer, at least not for a little while. When the bartender returns with our drinks, I hand him a twenty dollar bill and tell him to keep the change. I grab my two beers with my left hand then grab her hand with my right hand.

"Follow me." I say to her.

She does not argue and walks behind me as we navigate our way through the crowd, heading toward my table. I am holding her warm, dainty fingers in my hand as we walk. Katie is surprised to see me bringing this mystery woman back to my table. Katie stands up and gives this woman a big smile. I am surprised Katie welcomes this woman and doesn't try to compete for dominance. It isn't that Katie wants me, but it seems to be a female thing when any new woman enters the scene. None of that tonight.

"Hi, I am Katie."

Like a baffoon, I realize that I have not even asked for this woman's name nor introduced myself.

I hear this mystery woman reveal herself to my friend, "Hello, my name is Azura."

The two of them start chatting briefly as I sit my beers down on the table then pull up an empty seat and sit down. Azura glances down at me as she listens to Katie, her golden skin seemingly begging to be touched. Azura takes two steps toward me and sits down sideways on my lap. She places her glass on the table and wraps her arm around my neck. Her eyes stake locked on my friend as they continue to chat.

Her soft right breast is pressing against my shoulder. I can feel the warmth of her body through her smooth, purple dress. I wrap my right hand around her waist and hold her close to me. My legs readjust to balance her weight comfortably. She wiggles her butt cheeks against my semi-hard dick for a moment. I know that she is paying attention to what she is doing and doing it intentionally, though she is pretending to have all of her focus on Katie.

When the two women finish talking, Azura turns toward me and smiles for a brief moment before looking the other way and grabbing her glass off the table. I watch intently as she looks right at me then takes a drink and seductively uses her tongue to lick some of the sugar off the rim of her glass. She look watches my expression as she slowly licks her lips then looks away and takes another sip.

Katie and Billy have disappeared. I look around the bar for a moment and take a long drink of my beer before Azura draws my attention back in. She runs her fingers along the back of my head and top of my neck. Her caramel color skin reflects the lights flashing in the club. I am drawn to her long, smooth, dark black hair that runs down her shoulders and lays smoothly against her purple dress. She crosses her legs as she adjusts her body so that she is halfway facing me.

Azura runs a finger down the side of my face then lightly pulls against the side of my bottom lip. "You are such an attractive man. What is your name sweetie?"

"Doug." I says matter of factly.

"Doug, I need to move my body. Let's go dance some more."

Before I can answer, she is off my lap, pulling my hand in the direction of the dance floor. The dance floor is packed but we find a open spot and start free dancing to the club beat. I am mesmerized by how elegantly Azura's body moves, swaying to the beat. My eyes are drawn to her full chest, which presses firmly against the tight dress. The smooth dress makes her breasts look full and delicious. When I see her watching me, my eyes move down to her hips. I am impressed by the way her full hips curve away from her thin waist. The way her hips move, she appears to be schooled in belly and salsa style dancing.

Not nearly as skilled at dancing as her, I move my body back and forth, trying to sway in the same rhythm as her body. She puts her hands on my hips and gently glides them back and forth, ever so slightly guiding me. When the song slows down, she wraps both her arms tightly around my neck and holds me close to her body. I can feel her breasts moving backing forth against my chest and her hips rolling into me. She has my body on fire. It feels like electricity is running through my veins.

When the beat picks up once more, she loosens her arms and takes a step back. Her wrists rest lightly on the back of my shoulders, a seductive look is painted on her face. I place my hands on her hips and begin to catch the rhythm of her rolling hips. She looks down at me and smiles. "That's it.", she says.

I am starting to sweat as we dance for a couple more songs. My hips and legs are starting to ache, telling me that I need to get into better dancing shape. As the song ends, I take her by the hand and guide her back to the table where Katie and Billy are sitting. I sit down in my chair and grab my beer. Azura faces me and straddles my legs as I finish my beer then grab my other beer. She leans in and gives me a long, seductive kiss, slipping her tongue between my lips for a quick second. My hands wrap around her just as she sits back. She gives me a seductive smile then twists around and grabs her drink and takes a sip.

Her hips grind against me to the beat of the song playing in the club. I smile at her then look over at Katie. Katie gives me a thumbs up and laughs. I am almost certain that I am taking Azura home tonight, but a part of me wonders if she is just toying with me. When the current song ends, Azura stands up, turns away from me and sits back down on my lap. I run my hands softly up and down the smooth material of her dress that is covering her crossed legs.

Katie and Azura begin chatting again. I am so horny and drawn into her body that I am not really paying attention to their conversation. Billy says that he is going to get another beer and asks me if I want one. I nod my head up and down. Katie tells Azura that she will be right back and follows Billy toward the bar.

As my two friends walk away, Azura uncrosses her legs and slightly spreads them. She scoots a few inches forward, putting her weight on my knees, then proceeds to lean back and press her shoulders against my chest. Her position gives a fantastic view of her chest as I look down at her. My hands continue sliding up her legs from her knees to her thighs then slide back down to her knees.

She turns her head toward me and says softly, "I am going to do you right here if you keep touching me like that."

I chuckle then ask, "Do you want me to stop?"

She says matter of factly, "I would have removed your hands if I...wanted you to stop." After pausing a moment and changing her tone, she says seductively, "I am just warning you."

My hands move to the inside of her legs and slowly move up and down her inner thighs. Her dress is taut and tucked under her legs so I have minimal little access to the insides of her legs, but I take advantage of the limited access. As my hands move close to her crotch, she folds her hands and puts them on her lap, blocking me, just in case I intended to move up further.

"You are naughty." she says to me.

"Do you think so?" I ask teasingly.

"Mhm" she replies just before taking a big gulp of her daiquiri.

Billy and Katie return with drinks and the focus turns to them. Katie mentions that she is going to head home after her beer. Billy tells her that he will take her home if I want. I nod in approval.

We all sit and chat for a few minutes while enjoying our drinks. I finish my second beer and begin working on the beer Billy bought me. Katie finishes her beer then yawns and says she is ready to go. When Azura finishes her drink, she stands up and takes me by the hand, "One more dance."

Katie and Billy wave goodbye as they walk toward the exit. I quickly set my partial beer on the table as she drags me onto the dance floor. Azura looks at me intently as she dances. I am watching the motions of her body as I dance. The song ends and I think we are done, but a slow song starts to play. Azura moves in very close and wraps her arms around my neck. She slowly runs her tongue along the outside of her lips then blows me a kiss. I hold her close, my hands placed on the small of her back.

Azura starts dancing slowly and seductively, but as the song progresses, her movements become more aggressive. Midway through the song, she is grinding against my body and breathing heavily. I can feel her face becoming clammy as it rests against the side of my face. Her hips are moving in a circular motion, grinding against my crotch as she moves her hips forward. I grind my hips back against her body, knowing she can feel me getting hard. Not wanting to show the rest of the club my obvious erection, I move my hands down to her ass and hold her hips against mine. I can hear either a groan or a moan come from Azura's mouth as our hips grind against each other. The heat of her inner thighs presses against my groin. If she is as aroused as me, she must be soaking wet.

"I can't take this any more. Let's get out of here." Azura says to me as the song winds down.

As we exit the club I ask, "Did you drive yourself?"

"No." she replies. "I took a taxi."

I find it a little curious but do not feel like pressing for more details. There is very little talking as we walk through the parking garage. When we reach my car, I unlock the passenger side door for her then climb into the drivers side and head towards home. Azura wraps her arms around the top of my right arm and rests her head against my shoulder. The radio plays softly in the background. The scent of her perfume lingers inside my nose, further intoxicating me.

My car pulls into my driveway and we make our way inside the house. I intend to guide her right to my bedroom, but she has other plans. A few steps into my door, Asura says, "It is chilly outside, do you have coffee?"

"Yes." I say, a little disappointed she is delaying the inevitable. "Follow me."

We make our way thru the dark into the kitchen, with only the outside street light as our guide. I flip the switch to the kitchen light and start making a pot of coffee. Azura is leaning over the kitchen island, flipping through one of my magazines. I walk up to her from behind and wrap my arms around her waist. She stands up straight and moans softly.

I keep one hand on her waist, holding her body close to mine while the other hand moves up to her breast. Softly, I knead her breast, unable to control my desires anymore. Her back arches toward me and she starts kissing my neck. I turn my head toward her and start kissing her. Our kisses are soft and quick at first but slowly grow longer and more passionate.

Her breasts feels wonderful in my groping hands. After a few seconds, I feel her nipple grow hard under her dress. Azura attempts to turn toward me, but I trap her body between me and the island, asserting control of the moment. In one, swift move, I bend down and grab the bottom of her dress then stand back up, pressing against the back of Azura's body.

My hand moves up under Azura's dress and moves to the front of her body. Without saying a word, her legs part a little, giving me access. My hand dips down inside her panties. The bottom of her panties are wet, letting me know she is indeed excited. Using my two inner fingers, I move up and down the outside of her labia for a few seconds, causing her to moan softly. Her labia are soft and smooth, just like her mound. Her labia feel like silk to my fingers. My fingers collect some of her juices as I press my hand down toward her entrance.

"Holy shit, you are wet" I whisper in her ear.

I dip a finger between her labia and push it inside her vagina. She is soaking wet and coats my finger with her sticky juices. She kept hinting to me that she was turned on, but I didn't know that she was being totally sincere. My hormones are starting to get the best of me and I can no longer resist the temptation to please her body. 

My lips move to the nape of her neck as I slide my finger slowly in and out of her vagina. Her eyes are closed as she moans softly and sweetly, responding to the affection of my hand. I bury my finger deep inside of her, feeling her hot juices squish against my finger. Her sweet moan rings in my ears.

I slide my coated finger up over her swollen clit and hear her moan loudly just as her body starts to shudder. Feeling her body shudder against me drives me wild. I grind my hard dick between her ass cheeks. My finger circles over her hood a few times as her legs spread further apart. I cannot wait to fully undress her and taste her sweetness.

Just as I dip my finger back inside her inner walls, the timer on the coffee sounds. We both growl at the coffee for interrupting our fun. I slide my finger inside her sticky, hot honey pot one more time then remove my finger, giving way to the coffee pot. Just as Azura begins to turn toward me with a look of desire in her eyes, I slide my coated finger inside my mouth and suck her juices off it.
