 True Mind-Blowing Sex: Disorderly Sex

I'm of the opinion that the phrase "mind-blowing sex" is used imprudently and often describes quite ordinary sex. Sex with Noemi, however, was mind-blowing in its truest sense ... I'd even venture to call it transformative. Noemi has many monikers: the Princess of Pleasure, the Sexual Virtuoso, or even the Supreme Seductress. True to her names, the woman had a sexual grip on me, which eventually became an all-consuming obsession. I hungered for her and feared the extremes to which I knew I would go just to literally smell her pussy. Noemi was the femme fatale an expert at bringing men, particularly this man to his knees... 

I detest moving, but in retrospect moving is what lead me to Noemi. You must understand though that my sheer hatred of moving came from the idea of having to place everything that I own into a claustrophobic cardboard box for shipping to some other obscure location. It's not the shipping so much that bothered me, as the thought of having to aggravate my organizational system. Moving inevitably involved a messy house, cluttered boxes, and chaos. For a person like me with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), the lack of control, cleanliness and order made me nervous ... and when I'm nervous I need to cum. 

Before I met Noemi, I had other strategies to deal with my OCD. I'd call my friend Jasmine she was a guaranteed fuck fix. She was mature enough to fuck with attention but without the attachment. We had been friends for years and I kept her number on speed dial for these very moments. I called Jasmine over because I knew I wouldn't get any packing done without first getting off.

As agreed, her visit was a brief one because we both lived busy lives and only seldom had time for morning rendezvous. That day, Jasmine rang my doorbell and when I opened it she smiled at me deviously. Jasmine was average height, light brown skin and a short sassy haircut with bangs. She was a bit on the thick side, which I liked though I always thought her slight hips and butt didn't quite seem proportional. What she lacked there she made up in her huge tits. I unlocked the front door and before I could open it completely she was pushing her way in, making her way to my bedroom and leaving a trail of clothes behind her. A quick, no strings attached fuck ... I was always up for that. 

In a matter of seconds, Jasmine's long thin legs were spread out taking up the whole bed. Her heavy panting matched the rhythm of her hips, which rolled under the spell of her fingers. At my bedroom door, I watched her pleasure herself as I removed my clothes releasing my throbbing dick.

"Fuck me, Derek. I want it ass up and head down style",she ordered me. 

Damn Jasmine was raunchy and sexy as hell. I loved that. She ran her long fingers in and out of her pussy and then she pulled her drenched fingers upwards to massage her clit. 

"What are you waiting for?", she asked with her eyes while biting her lower lip.

Nothing actually, I just love looking at a woman pleasure herself. Jasmine was uninhibited and the creamy puddles that she was leaving on my sheets were evidence of her pleasure. I walked over to her and inched my long index finger into her begging pussy. I felt Jasmine's entire body shudder. My one finger thrust became a slow two-finger downward stroke and that sent her hips shooting towards the ceiling. 

I threw her over on her stomach and pushed her head down towards the bed. She smiled a nasty smile over her shoulder and I grabbed her hips to fuck her from the back. I eased in just the tip of my dick, playing in her wetness. She moaned in painful anticipation of my hard-as-steel dick. This was supposed to be quick so I dipped my dick in her wet, creamy pussy once more before I gave her the long stroke. I pulled back away from her pussy and then pushed forward quickly and powerfully. I paused letting the feeling of her warm pussy linger and then begin the sequence of strokes that always lead to an electric orgasm. 

I've always loved fucking Jasmine. Our rendezvous while seemingly spontaneous were actually quite measured ... perhaps a bit routine. But this was precisely what she and I loved about it. Over the past few years, I had listened to her moans, observed how her hips responded to me, and learned what made her shudder. I studied her meticulously so that I could now eventually with ordered strokes have the certainty of her volcanic orgasms. With my OCD, I not only enjoyed the power that came along with being able to control her orgasms, I needed it to cum. 

I continued to thrust into her faster and harder. Jasmine's body responded and she screamed, "Yes! That's ... how ...I ... like it! ... Fuck!" 

Each word matched the hard thrusts that I plunged into her. She wanted a fast fuck, so I gave it to her. I pounded her pussy relentlessly, her wetness dampened the base of my dick and her pussy was oozing with delicious cum from every angle. Within minutes, we both came hard.

She dropped to the bed, turned onto her back and ran her hands over her belly seductively.


"That was so good. Derek, why don't we do this more often?", she said wiping her short bangs out of her face. She glanced at her watch and began to roll out of bed. An energizing fuck with Jasmine was just what I needed ... and apparently what she needed too. She got dressed and walked past me with only a smirk to let me know she got what she came for. I finished packing everything that day and moved to NYC where Noemi changed my life ... 

Apart from the physical move itself, I enjoyed my new job as a marketing manager in New York City. That fateful day Cindy, a petite red head, who always took my coat offered me coffee. Flat ass and small tits, definitely not my type but her friendliness made her kinda hot. I'd fuck her. 

"Derek, your 10am meeting with Miss Noemi Jackson will be with you in a moment," Cindy informed me as I looked at her listlessly.

Shit, I forgot we have a new client today. I hate Friday appointments, I thought to myself.

Wanting to avoid working a little longer, I entered my office and went straight over to the large panoramic windows. I was still getting used to my minimalist office overlooking Times Square, which had a nice leather couch to the left and a silver-framed desk with a modern glass top. All of my office accessories were silver including pencil holders, paper trays, staplers, and laptop. I can't work unless everything matches in perfect order. Even the panoramic window reflected a type of ordered chaos of the New York City streets. But before I could take in the view completely...

"Good morning, Mr. Derek Copeland," said a voice coming from the direction of my door. 

I turned and there stood a tall beautiful woman with deep chocolate skin, long black locks, and almond shaped eyes. Her hair was swept into an intricately detailed hairstyle that reminded me of an exotic flower. An explainable feeling rushed over me as I sized up the goddess standing at the door. I walked towards her feeling as though I was being pulled by an unknown gravitational force.

She wore one of those black pencil skirts hugging her size 8 curves and a silky emerald blouse that I noticed had two diamond-shaped buttons undone. Was it me or was her mahogany cleavage sprinkled with small traces of glitter. An understated pear-drop diamond necklace dangled on her chest and demanded full attention to her voluptuous tits. Her shoes were these amazing black, shiny stiletto heels with blazing red soles. The one's that have an opening that exposes just two toes. She clearly took care of herself: flawless ebony skin, slightly athletic build, and great posture. Perfectly medicured and pedicured, everything about this woman screamed she was high maintenance ... a power fuck.

"He ... hello, Noemi ... Miss Jackson," I basically stuttered back at her.

She extended her hand and she gave me an firm handshake. That's when the flood of thoughts began ...

Damn, I'd love to have her grip my dick and jack me off in her mouth, I thought.

I managed to smell fleeting hints of her perfume, which lingered all around her and teased my senses. It was sweet and subtle, yet fiercely arousing. 

I bet her pussy smells just like that. I'd love for her to sit on my face. 

"Stop it, concentrate Derek," I said to myself under my breath.

She began to speak, "We've been anxiously awaiting your arrival. Brownstone industries attracts talented young professionals from all over the globe. You should feel proud to have been selected as a new member of our family." 

Fuck, I've been anxiously waiting for you my whole life, I thought to myself.

I watched her full wine-colored lips pronounce each word ... and even the scent emanating from her mouth was a cool mint flavor. I heard what she said but I could not bring myself to respond. She looked at me while tilting her head to the left side and it was then that I realized that she was hoping for somewhat of a response.

"The pleasure is all mine. I hope to meet and surpass all of your desires," I replied hurriedly.

Oh no, did I just say "desires". What was that? I kicked myself for sounding like a freaking moron.

She lifted her left brow, paused and then replied, "Welcome to the team, Derek. Meeting at 10 am." 

With that, she walked away with slow, deliberate steps, smoothly swaying from side to side unintentionally bringing my dick to attention. From the back, it was clear she had that elusive hourglass figure with the perfectly proportioned butt, hip and legs to match. When the door shut, I was left with only the lingering smell of her perfume and a hard as a rock dick.

That, my friends, was Noemi. I had heard she was a real "ball-buster" and my first impression seemed to confirm that. Call me a masochist, but I love so-called "ball-busters". Powerful, confident, smart, and sexy. Women like her fuck like they deserve to cum, they are aggressive with their pussies, hoarding each drop of a man's cum as much out of personal delight as out of a display of their sexual power. These women demand that men give them pleasure and they take pride in returning the favor ... At least that's what I imagined. I admired woman like these from afar. Just the thought of her discipline made my dick throb.

I shut my office door and locked it carelessly. I had two hours until the meeting and there was no way I could concentrate. I'd been high strung since I moved here and Noemi had gotten into my head.

I walked over to my office couch, rushed to undo my belt buckle and dropped my pants to my ankles. Fuck it, I needed to take my pants off completely I had a feeling I was going to come hard. I started rubbing my dick slowly starting from the base up to the top. Imagining Noemi's full lips on my dick made me grip it tighter. I laid my head back on the black couch imagining that she was right in front of me naked. With her dark round nipples, flawless brown skin, and pretty little pussy, I'd just want to look at her. With two hours before the meeting, I wanted to masturbate slowly just like I'd do if I were fucking her. The head of my dick pulsated with each stroke and then the thought of her riding my dick with my head buried in those big brown tits caused me to jack off faster and harder. My breathing started to speed up, my heart feeling like it could pop out of my chest ...

"Oh shit, damn this is good", I said in a hushed voice.

Thinking of her luscious lips on my dick and then her sweet smelling pussy on my face, a huge stream of thick cum shot across the room leaving a trail on the floor. 

All of a sudden there was a knock at my door. I scrambled to pull my pants up, tucked my shirt in and manufactured an orderly appearance. Then, I heard the doorknob about to turn so I quickly ran over to the door.

"Just a second", I said loudly. "Sometimes this door jams a bit. Let me see if I can get it," I lied. The lie bought me some time. I pretended to fiddle with the door while using my free hand to arrange my tie and pants. I wiped my cum off the floor and sofa with a Kleenex and I opened the door to find the chocolate seductress standing before me.

"Derek, excuse me but I was hoping we could have a private meeting before ... hey, something smells really good in here", she interjected randomly and then continued, "Can we meet now, is it a good time?" she asked.

Uh, other than the fact that I just came on my office floor I'd say no. But how can I say no to her.  

She entered and walked directly over to the sofa on which I had just shot my load ... but it was clean. She sat down and her luscious lips began to move with words, beautiful words, words that I recognized but didn't understand because she mesmerized me. Her supple breasts started to move ever so slightly as she talked about her plans for me. She sat there crossing and uncrossing her legs throughout the conversation and leaning in close periodically to be sure I was paying attention. Indeed, I was paying close attention. I caught a full glimpse of lacy black underwear and an eye full of her firm tits. She talked and though I wasn't listening, I nodded while also offering random conversational fillers: "great idea", "I see", "that's great"...

Abruptly she stood up, sniffed and said, "And so you see, Mr. Copeland, that's the plan I have for you at Brownstone Industries".

She paced the room and my eyes stalked her. She leaned her butt against the front of my desk and said, "Mr. Copeland, I'm very impressed with your work and have been thinking about ..."

She stopped mid-sentence and looked down at my desk. A wave of horror coursed through me. There was a thick string of cum on my desk sitting there ... 5 inches from her hand. Oh my fucking god, I thought I'd cleaned it all. She looked at it and didn't move ... she was frozen. Thirty of the most agonizing seconds passed before she looked up at me with an expression that I couldn't quite decipher.

"Mr. Copeland, is this yours?," she demanded an answer.

"Ugh ... well ...Yes", I replied with my head hanging slightly low ... avoiding eye contact.

She knelt close enough to examine it curiously with her two hands on the desk bracing her. She sniffed, lowered her gorgeous lips on the table and she pressed her tongue into my cum and licked it up... completely. The sounds of her slurping my cum off my desk reminded me that she was fucking real! She stood up straight, slowly and sensually wiping the remaining cum from the side of her lips.

All I could hear was "mmm mmmm ..." and the sound of her lips smacking on her cum-covered digits. My mouth was going dry and my dick stiffening watching how aroused my cum apparently made her. She paused abruptly and her eyes rose slowly as she realized she had an audience.

I can't say I really remember clearly how we got from the desk to the sofa. All I can say is before I knew it my pants were around my ankles and the most gorgeous woman I'd ever seen was rubbing her wet, no drenched slit across my dick. She was facing me and spread her lips before she lowered her regal pussy on my dick and rode my dick like it had never been ridden before. She was grinding and bouncing her impossibly tight pussy up and down on my dick. Our moans interchanged and intersected until a sea of "ooohs", "aahhs", and "fuck" filled the air. The way Noemi's hips moved rhythmically was simply hypnotic. 

She moaned soft, dainty repressed moans like she was preparing or building up to something. The soft sounds totally contrasted her erotic movements. But then I felt it ... I felt her pussy walls tighten around my dick. But not like the way I'd felt other pussies slightly tighten, Noemi had a full out vice grip on my dick! I winced at the amazing sensation of pleasure and pain. Her pussy swiveled and rolled on my dick like a whirlpooling vortex. It was like her pussy was literally pulling the cum up from my balls and through my dick. 

We sat there moving slowly and sensually she was in total control. With each contraction of her pussy wall, a titillating current shot up my dick. "Fuck!" I screamed. She smiled a slight smile and blinked slowly each time she contracted her pussy. Her soft moans were like sexy whispers, "Mmmm like that Derek, I want your dick. Fuuuck me ..."

She rotated her hips in ways that I'd never, I mean never ever seen. She tweaked and quivered in one direction and yanked my dick inside her as she changed directions. Her sexual technique, the way she gyrated on my lap created this intense tingle.

"Oh my God, Oh ... My ... God. Noemi, fuck ME", was what I begged her to do. 

She commanded my dick with dexterity reversing and slowing her pace to control exactly when I would cum. At the same time, she was totally self-aware. She thrummed her swollen clit like crazy ... like it was a fucking banjo. Who in the world is this woman?

She leaned back as she faced me and placed her hands on my knees to brace herself. My legs were immobilized but they were also involuntarily shaking, literally trembling from the way her pussy taunted my captive dick. She made short, tight pulses and was apparently amused by my twitches of pleasures. Her juicy tits bounced up and down as she slid her pussy up and down my hard dick. Her moans became loud and uninhibited and the feeling of her pussy's wetness and my stiff dick left me weak.

Then she whispered forcefully, "I want your hot load in my pussy."

What is it with her and my cum? Damn, is this really happening to me? 

Ready or not my cum was building and she was about to get her fill of it. My breathing increased as I felt myself on the verge of explosion... not yet! Suddenly Noemi stood up and turned around in front of me, touching her toes to expose her slick brown cunt and throbbing slit. She was about to reverse cowgirl me but the site of her wet pussy in my face, I couldn't resist. I had to taste her. I needed to taste her succulent pussy. 


I grabbed her hips and pulled her pussy towards my lips. I laid my head back on the sofa and placed her so that she was sitting on my face. Her pussy was totally damp ... no dripping wet. I slurped at her rapaciously as my tongue explored every rift and fold of her pussy. The more I ate her pussy the more I wanted to eat her pussy. She rolled her pussy lips over my face teasing me by moving it out of the reach of my tongue and then returning it to me. I was an insatiable beast at the mercy of her ridiculously wet pussy. I rubbed my tongue all over her clit wanting to feel, taste, and smell her. I lapped at her pussy thrashing my tongue all around it, sucking gently at her clit and sticking my tongue deep into her tight slit.

Her moans were getting even louder, "Yes, Ohh, mmm... yeah ... Oh yes!". I kept at her pussy, consuming her juices gently determined to make her pussy mine, to dominate it, to make it cum in my mouth. I felt my dick throbbing because of the sounds of my lips inside her plump pussy. And then it began "ah ... aahh, Ahh, Ahhh, AHHH Derek!" Her pussy started to quiver and as though she felt a tremor, she lifted up slightly above my face and gave me her volcanic orgasm. I slurped from every crevice of her pussy but would have been content with just smelling her juicy pussy. 

By that time, the head of my dick was about to explode and Noemi knew exactly what to do. With her pussy still on an orgasmic high, she got on the couch and stood over me. I looked up at her still half-dazed by her pussy and mesmerized by her perfect body. She squatted down and pressed down on my stomach. I didn't understand what she was doing. She popped up and landed in a split on my dick! Her pussy swallowed my dick whole with an immediate impact of pleasure that bolted through my dick and back.

"Fuck!" we said both said incredulously. She threw her head back in pleasure.
