 "So, I found this thing in a catalog the other day," she typed over instant message.

"Oh yeah?" he said.

They worked together but had a weird relationship. Most of it was over instant message. Some of it was flirting. Mostly it was probably him being bored. For her, it was the tip of the iceberg. Although what she felt had nothing to do with ice.

"It's this pair of underwear, and it comes with an electronic device. That vibrates. And has a remote control," she wrote.

"Wow. Interesting," he wrote back. Was it really though? So hard to tell over instant message.

"Sometimes, a story just writes itself," she said. 

"Haha," he wrote back.

She'd been writing some erotic stories and only he knew about them. Which made perfect sense, as most of them were about him. Nothing had ever happened between them. Nothing ever would. But it was nice to dream about. And write about.

"The best part was the description. The remote can be used by the wearer, or someone she trusts," she wrote.

That's an understatement, she thought at the time.. Someone she trusts? Quite a responsibility with that little remote, she thought.

The following month, there was a happy hour. It would be a time for them to be in the same room together, although they'd seen each other before that. It was just not in an office. She was nervous as always. He looked like he didn't have a care in the world. Including about her. She tried to dress nicely that night though. She even wore a skirt.

After a few rounds of drinks, they had talked. Flirted a little. Mostly socialized in a crowd. But she felt brave. She caught him alone.

"I have something for you," she said.

He smiled. "What's that?"

She took his hand, and pressed something into it. And closed his hand around it again. It was very quick. She was really red. And she walked away.

Her phone buzzed immediately as she did.

"Is this what I think it is?" he texted her.

She couldn't look at him.. 

"Yes," she said.

Finally she turned around. He was smiling. 

Time went by. She couldn't stop blushing. She couldn't look at him. Maybe he didn't know what it was? Because he certainly wasn't using it for what it was meant to be used for.

As she stood at the bar, ordering a drink, she suddenly felt it. She was literally mid-sentence asking for a beer when she felt it and stopped talking, feeling red. Feeling hot. 

"Excuse me, did you want a drink," the bartender asked. 

"Uh, yeah, I'm sorry," she said. She turned to see him down the bar, leaning on it. Still smiling. Hand in his pocket. Watching her. 

That made it worse. It kept going. Stronger now. She ordered her drink. 

It stopped. Relief.

She drank a lot of her beer and thought this was a bad idea after all.

"How's your beer," he asked now, still smiling. 

"It's good," she said, blushing more. She had to walk away.

She was talking to someone else when not long after, he did it again. Still trying to concentrate, she didn't realize how strong it would be. She had purposely not tested it to intensify it if he actually went along with it. That was another bad idea.

She pulled from the conversation and sat on a bar stool, crossing her legs, trying to comfortable. But she was really hot. And getting really wet. And it was crazy trying to keep it together in public. She had to stop now.

She texted him. "Ok, that's enough. Bad idea by me. I can't take anymore right now. Please stop."

She saw him look at his phone. And look back up at her. 

And hit the button again. Smiling.

Someone came over to talk to her and she again tried to pay attention to what they were saying. But the vibration on her clit was driving her insane. It was all buildup but it kept stopping too soon. It was torture. It was heaven. She needed to get out of here. 

And he was getting worse. Doing it more than not doing it. Stopping for just a few minutes before hitting her again. Sometimes he wouldn't even be looking at her. He'd be talking to someone else nonchalantly hitting it. No rhyme or reason. Just driving her fucking nuts. Over and over, more vibrations, crossing her legs, doing anything she could to try and relieve it. But nothing would bring her over that edge. It was never enough and it was still too much. She was so wet now she was afraid it would show somehow. 

As it was, on a good day she would have fucked him if he looked in her general direction. But now, now she was almost cross-eyed. That was it. She had to leave before she did something stupid.

She'd get home and take care of things herself. Probably for like an hour at this rate. She didn't think she'd ever been more turned on in her life. 

"I'm going. I can't trust you after all," she texted. And she left.

As she got out the door, she heard him behind her.

"Where are you going?" he asked from the front steps of the bar.

"I told you. I can't take anymore," she said. She was biting her lip. Her fists were clenched. She was all wound up with the tension and seeing him wasn't helping.

"I have to get out of here...I have to.. I just have to get out of here," she said.

"Can't take anymore?" he said.

"No," she answered back, still biting her lip.

"Ok," he said. He took the remote control in his hand and threw it far out past the parking lot. 

"Thank you," she said, but she felt sad too. It was a connection with him she'd had for a while. A way for him to touch yet not touch her. Touching her...she needed it so badly.

"Feeling a little tense?" he asked, smiling.

"Ugh! You suck! I have to get the fuck out of here," she said. 

"Wait," he said. And he took her hand and pulled her around the side of the bar. 

"Where are we going?" she said. Her heart was pounding.

"Don't you trust me?" he said, somewhat laughing.

"Not anymore," she said. It was hard to walk because she was that wet. 

"Seriously, I can't take anymore, I have to get home. Now," she said.

He pushed her against the wall of the bar.

"What's wrong," he asked. He ran his hand down her arm, really touching her, for the first time like that. 

"Don't, I'm serious. Not a good idea right now. I'll be honest. Not a good idea," she said.

"I like your skirt," he said. He dropped his hand to her thigh now. 

She put her head back against the wall, closed her eyes tightly and bit her lip almost to draw blood.

"Please, don't," she said.

His fingers brushed her knee. His other hand was on her other thigh now. And he slowly pushed her skirt up, up, stroking her thighs as he did it. She could feel her blood pumping between her legs now, and the rhythm was excruciating and hot and she almost came from his hands on her legs.

"What are you doing?" she said.

"Trust me..." he said. And her legs involuntarily opened a little. Her hips pushed out a little. She had no control of her body.

"That's better," he said. 

Her hands were pressed to the wall behind her. Her nipples stood out against her t-shirt. She was hiding nothing and now he was searching for the last secret.

Her skirt was as high as it could go, when he touched her pussy through her panties. They were so wet that they clung to her, soaked.

"Wow," he said. "That is impressive."

She reacted like he burned her when he touched her. She was embarrassed with how wet she was.

"Please, you don't understand, I'm so close. I can't take anymore. Just let me go. Don't do this to me," she said. 

"Don't do this to you?" he said, still softly stroking her wet pussy through the panties. He pulled the little vibrator out of them and threw that also.

"You don't need that anymore," he said.

"So you don't want me to do this....?" He said, as he slid his fingers gently over and under her panties now, touching her wet pussy for the first time, skin to skin.

"Seriously, I'm going to scream in a second," she whispered.

"You can't scream. You have to be quiet. Just trust me," he said, whispering.

"Do you not want me to do this either?" he said, running his fingers up and down her, sliding them over her clit as she moaned silently and nearly bit her finger in half. Her other hand absently ran over her breast and squeezed a nipple. 

"That's good, I like that," he said.

"How about this, do you not want me to do this either," he said, opening her wet pussy with one finger, then two, sliding just barely inside, then out.

"Oh my GOD," she said, and she was loud.

"Shhhh," he said.

"If you're making noise just from me doing that, I better cover your mouth for this," and he did, as he slid both fingers up, deep inside her, and she did scream then, but into his hand, watching him, and he did it again, slowly at first, but just pushing her panties to the side, slid up and out and up and out, and harder, and harder.

"I cannot believe how fucking wet you are," he said, saying her name.

"You are a bad girl, you know that," he said and she could barely understand as he continued to fuck her, harder and harder, with his fingers, making her come over and over.

"Bad girls like you, they want it hard, don't they," he said, and she moaned again into his hand in agreement. She couldn't get her legs wide enough and her knees were weak.

She pushed his hand away and pulled his mouth down onto hers, filling her mouth with his tongue, sucking on it, kissing him so wet and hot, like she had wanted to for so long, and he kissed her back, never letting go of her pussy for one second, relentless, over and over, as she moaned into his mouth. 

"Please," she whispered, "Please, I can't take anymore."

She leaned back against the wall, spent. 

"Trust me," he said, smiling, as he reached for his belt, pulling it open.

"Trust me, you can."

The End.