 I love mornings with you they can be wonderful and quiet with the most erotic thoughts racing through my mind...all the fantasies we live through at night come forth in the morning to rear up and take my body into that trembling ease of climax with the first touch of your lips against my pale skin. Last night though, played favorite to one of those moments.   

I was sleeping softly, mainly just resting my tired body after working out. When you crawled on the bed and laid down almost covering me I felt the rush of the days wares leave my body as I closed my eyes and started to drift into sleep. The weight of your body always makes me feel settled someone pinned down I guess, most people would feel caged or held down, with me its different I need to feel your body heavily. 

As my mind drifted off into the merciful clouds of sleep, your hand slipped underneath my stomach, grazing slightly my bare stomach. You slid your fingers down trailing into and beneath the softness of my panties. I pressed back against you slightly giving you more room to slid your hand into my panties. I lay still face down on the bed dreaming and enjoying your hands on my body, not fully awake but resting. As your fingers slid up n down my wetness I can feel the hiss of your breath at my neck as you find out how really wet I am. 

Your only intention had been to stroke me slowly, you weren't expecting me to be dripping wet and ready to accept your body in one thrust if the thought struck you. You pressed yourself between the backsides of my legs and ground your hips against my ass. I moaned softly, more aware now of what you where doing. I felt your other hand draw my hand down to your erection, still covered in cloth, straining to be released into my dampness and warmth. I feel you sit up and remove your underwear, I wait silently for you to take my own, but your hands never reach my hips. I lay silently on my stomach waiting for your next move, enjoying your show. You slid your hands up my sides and take my hands and raise them above my head. I moan as I feel your body pressed tightly against my heat. You put my hands on the head board and I slowly open my eyes and glance back at you.    

You lean forward and tell me to trust you, I look at you like your crazy as I see you take out a pair of handcuffs. You know I can't trust you, you know better, anger sparkles in my eyes half coated with desire. You dont even flinch as your eyes stay with mine, "no," I whisper...you look at me with all the world in your eyes and simply kiss my neck and ask once again "please trust me?" ...as you do so your erection is pressed against my wetness, my hips are now raised waiting for you, my body is reacting to your demands without my head, my breasts ache for your touch. I cry out softly as you press yourself tight against me. I close my eyes and my head drops down as I hold my hands on the headboard waiting for you to trap me. As I feel the handcuffs snap on I feel the whispers of your lips against my wrists. I suddenly trust you, even in such a vulnerable position. It could be sleep or craziness but I trust you. 

As soon as the handcuffs click I feel your hands slide down the sides of my body reaching around to cup my breast, to trail your short nails down the nipple. Your fingers brush against my turning stomach, as your hands wrap around my hips to raise them to the angle you want me at. You position me to accept your body easily, I feel your hand slide inside my panties again, making sure im ready for your body ... you groan, the first real sound you make besides those careful whispers. Suddenly you tug aside my panties and I feel the head of your erection pressed against me, my body gives slightly as I tremble between the need for your sex and the thoughts of what you can do to me. I scream, your body fills me suddenly with one thrust, your hand rests on the arch of my back as I press myself into you, wanting everything you can offer me. I hear your breath it seems so silent in the room that I can hear every gasp of air through your lungs traveling through your body, directly into mine. 

I cant wait I suddenly cry out with desire and completion racing through my blood. I moan and suddenly my body is fully arched in climax, I feel your hands on my hips pumping your body into me, your hands hold me up as my body crumbles beneath you, I feel your body still in me rushing to your own completion. I still tremble in shock and feel your body tighten with your own pleasure as you slip your hand under me while your other steadies my hips, suddenly your fingers glide against my oversensitive clit, I scream and feel my muscles contract around you, there is a rush of wetness and I feel your body release deep in me, I cry out loud as I hear your guttural groans as your body empties deep in me. 

My body gives way and I feel the softness of the bed beneath me, my head drifting onto the plump pillow. my arms ache for some reason, my body feels slightly abused, but nothing that makes me hurt. I turn slightly and feel the weight of your leg wrapped around me and your arm around my waist. I open my eyes slowly and see your face fully alert watching me with a look on your face I couldn't describe. I feel safe and warm and snuggle closer to your body. Im fully naked pressed against you and as I drift back into sleep I look at the headboard and see slight marks that look funny against the dark wood. 

You tuck my head against your chest and run your fingers through my hair and whisper in my ear, "Thank you for trusting me baby, I love you." Sleeping is so comfortable with you