 Bored with her usual dull routine, Araceli longed for something more. It had been a long while since she'd known a man's touch and she was ready to fulfill her needs. It proved to be harder than she first thought, as no man she'd met could satisfy her. Which was surprising, since she was such a young, fit, beautiful woman. All the men she met in the bars and clubs were not up to her standard...maybe she should try lowering her standards. Just once. She sighed and finished buckling her sandal. She rose and walked out, heading out in search of some loving. Her denim skirt barely brushing the bottom of her voluptuous rear and her sexy little g-string gave her a sense of sexuality....of womanly charms. She hoped this would help her, feeling so sexy and all. As she walked she noticed her new next door neighbor working on his car. He was a very handsome, sexy man. He always filled her daydreams as she watched him from her window. But she was too shy to say anything to him, so she kept her distance. Suddenly, a cunning bravado overwhelmed her. She decided to see what would happen if she got him to come to her. Knowing full well what he would see, she bent over facing away from him, pretending to tend to her sandal.

When she rose again, she saw him walking towards her, wiping his greasy hands on a rag. He waived with a smile and she waved back with a shy twitch of her lips. She began to walk away, and he caught up with her.

"My name is Josh." he said, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.

"I'm Araceli." she replied, letting her gaze roam his body. "Nice to meet you."

"The pleasure is mine." he ran his hand to her shoulder. "So how's the neighborhood?"

"It's alright." Araceli said, trying to keep her gaze from the bulge in his jeans. "Not much to look at....till you moved in."

He stepped closer to her, the heat from his body warming her nervous chill. "You know you're very beautiful."

"Thank you." she said, blinking up at him. He was tall, a full foot taller than her. "you're not too bad yourself."

"I was watching you bend over...I liked what I saw." he put his hands on her hips and pulled her against him, his arousal jutting solidly against her stomach. He lowered his head and stopped. Araceli closed her eyes and raised up on tip toes, lightly brushing her lips against his. He groaned and crushed her to him, probing her mouth with his tongue. Fire erupted in her belly, sending hot desire through her bloodstream. She wrapped her arms around his neck and opened her mouth, meeting his tongue with hers. He growled and ran a hand down her butt, pulling her leg around his waist.

"We shouldn't do this out here." Araceli gasped, pulling away. "The neighbors can see."

"So?" Josh said, kissing her neck. "I like that....where would you like to go?"

"Your place, or mine." she said, moving her head to the side for better access. Josh picked her up, wrapping her legs around his waist and carrying her into his garage. He hit a button to close the door and sat her on his washer.

"You're so damn beautiful." he said, kissing her neck as he ripped her g-string from her body. "how wet are you?" he asked, sliding a finger into her warm depths. She moaned at the contact, pleasure sending goose bumps over her arms. "mmm...is that for me?" he asked, peeling her shirt off.

"Only you." she breathed, catching her breath as he tore her bra off. She leaned back, arching into his touch as he caressed her breasts and slid a finger into her. She closed her eyes, the pleasure of his touch making her loose control. Her head shot up with a gasp as he sucked one peaked nipple into his hot mouth. She grabbed the back of his head and pushed him closer, bracing her feet on the washer and spreading her legs wider. He slid another finger in and began to move them faster, curling them to hit her oh-so-sensitive place...she whimpered as she felt it build, wanting it over, but wanting it to last. 

Josh kissed his way down her stomach and closed his lips over her swollen clit. She gripped the sides of the washer as he sucked her clit while moving his fingers in an out. Her breath came in little gasps as the pressure built more and more. He slowly slipped a finger into her tight ass and she cried out as wave after wave of pure pleasure washed over her. Josh pushed her legs up and licked her clean, kissing up to her face. She kissed him deeply, tasting herself on his lips. "you taste so good." he said, unbuckling his pants. Araceli slid off the washer and pushed his hands away. She undid his jeans and slid them down, revealing his large, swollen cock. Her eyes widened with awe at his immense size. She leaned in and kissed the tip softly, running a hand up and down the shaft. 

"you're so big..." she said timidly. She took him in her mouth and pushed as far as she could. She looked up at him as she moved, massaging his balls. He caressed her cheek, pulling her hair back and holding it as she sucked him, taking him deep, twisting her head as she did.

"Damn, baby." he said, pulling her up. "I can't take it anymore...you're too damn hot." he picked her up and carried her to her living room. He laid her gently on the couch and removed the rest of his clothes. He leaned over her, kissing her passionately as he settled his weight over her. "I've pictured this since the day I first saw you." he whispered, lifting her legs over his shoulder. She could feel the blunt tip of him probing for her opening. She reached down and guided him into her hot, wet pussy, gasping as he filled her. "damn, you're so tight." he said into her ear, sending shivers through her body. He kissed her fiercely as he moved in and out. She dug her nails into his back, the pleasure building again.

"You feel so good" she said "So damn good." she kissed his neck, biting lightly. He began to move faster, pounding into her harder and harder. She cried out as she exploded again in a mind jarring orgasm. When she had relaxed, Josh rolled them off the couch and onto the floor, Araceli on top. 

"Ride me baby..." he said, gripping her breasts in his hands and rolling the nipples between his fingers. She began to rock back and forth, bracing her hands on his chest. She moved slow at first, loving the feel of him inside her. He grabbed her hips, moving her faster against him. She looked down at his face and felt more turned on than ever at the pleasure spread over his features. She leaned down and kissed him, pulling her legs up and moving up and down on his turgid shaft. He groaned, moving her faster and faster. Araceli felt the pleasure build so strong, so quickly. Before she could even think, her body exploded a third time, flooding him with her warm juice. "damn girl." Josh said, rolling to the side. "you're a firecracker." she got on her hands and knees in front of him, moaning as he filled her again, moving slowly. He smacked her ass, the sound reverberating through he silent house. He pulled out and rubbed the head up and down her ass, pressing against her tight hole. He slipped it back into her wet pussy, lubing it up again. "May I?" he asked, pushing against her.

"I-I've never done this before." she said, more aroused than she had ever been. 

"I'll go slow..." Josh said, gently pushing into her. "Tell me when to stop, and I will." he pushed slowly, and pulled out, sliding into her pussy again. Every time he pushed it, he went a little further, and the pleasure was so intense. Araceli bit her lip, pushing back against him, ignoring the slight pain. She wanted him as deep as he could go. He leaned over her, kissing her back and neck as he pushed the rest of the way in. "Are you alright?" he asked softly in her ear, nibbling on the lobe. 

"Yeah," she said, moving against him. He kissed her neck, moving slowly, in and out. She had never in her life felt anything so good. He rose up, and gathered her hair in his hand. He pulled it lightly as he began to move faster slapping her butt with his free hand. Araceli moaned loudly, loving the feel of him pounding her hole. He moved faster and faster, slamming into her hard. With every thrust her pleasure built again. She'd never cum so many times before and discovered she liked it. A lot. She whimpered as he pushed into her, wanting more. He leaned down and slipped a hand around her to rub her swollen clit. She tensed, crying out his name as she came again, soaking his hand. He leaned up and grabbed her hips, slamming into her hard and fast. The sounds of his grunts and breathing sending pleasure through her. He moved faster and harder, groaning loudly as he suddenly stilled, holding her tight against him. She felt his hot juice fill her butt and smiled. He collapsed over her, kissing her back as he rubbed her breasts. 

"wow." he said, after he caught his breath. "You're amazing." he slowly pulled out of her, sitting back on his knees.

"So are you." Araceli said shyly. "I've never cummed that much in my life." she moved into his arms and kissed him softly. "We'll have to do this again sometime."

"I'm free anytime you are."