 Okay, so I broke every rule in the book dealing with meeting in the flesh someone that you have been chatting with online. I did all the wrong things and none of the things that you are suppose to do. But then I am fully capable of taking care of me. Maybe that is why I don’t feel that bad about it. At a little over 5 ft 8 and about 260 lbs, I am not a small person. I have been back into kick boxing and free weight lifting for the last 8 months and I have a rather extensive background in self defense training. Having said all that I should tell you what and how this all happened.

 It started with a private message, and quickly progressed to email and then to the use of yahoo IMs. TD is his name ( remember me, I am the one that changes the names to protect the guilty). There was just something about the way that he said things that caught my eye and my brain. He is a flirt but is not overly blatant with it. It is done in a clean fun kind of a way. Nothing to overly sexual, but the undercurrent is there. Ladies you know exactly what I am talking about. Men if you don’t then ask please. 

 Anyway I digress from the real story here. So, if ya’ll don’t mind I will get back on the beaten path. One thing led to another and the next thing you know we were making plans to meet. This is were I started breaking the rules. I don’t do coffee and I don’t do dinner. I want sex. It is as simple as that to me. Why beat around the bush and waste time? Just let me know what you like and let us get to it. But then, I have always been that way about alot of things and not just sex. 

 We agreed to meet on a Friday night. He figured that he would be here about 9 with the distance that he had to drive. But first, he called me on Thursday night and that is when he found out my little secret( not that it is my little secret anymore, right?). I am auto orgasmic to a point. It can be both a blessing and a pain. Sometimes, I am so bad that all it takes is a look, and at others, a word. He had me on the phone and bam it hit, and hard. I know that he was getting off on hearing me moan and groan. Not touching needed thank you very much. Just talk to me in a whisper and I am off and running. This is what happened with that phone call.

 Now here is where it gets really interesting. Real life has a unique way of messing up the best laid plans. He was up until after midnight with me on the phone. Then he had a ways to go to get here on Friday night. It took longer than he thought. He called me to let me know that he was going to be late. I was tired and bored by myself so I told him that I was going to take a nap and that if he got here before I got up the door would be off the latch. He said okay, and then hung up.

 I took the cordless phone and went to bed. I am one of those people that don’t sleep alot to start with so when I feel sleepy I try really hard to take to advantage of it. Next thing that I know I get a phone call and he says that he is almost to my door. He wasn’t kidding. He was at the door. I heard the door open and close as I was trying to get myself awake enough to answer him. He walked into the bedroom as I was stretching. I can just about imagine what a sight that must have been for him.  Especially after the drive that he had made. Me, in the bed, in a sheer white lace underwire bra and a pair of dark blue silk like panties with a gold night shirt on that was completely unbuttoned and open. I said to him that the bathroom was the first door on the right and he immediately headed that way. But then, I would have done the same thing considering the ride that he had.

 He came out of the bathroom and sat on the edge of the bed, leaned over and kissed me and that was all that was written. I started to rub his back and neck. He was tired and stiff from the drive and then the next thing that I know I am sliding my hands up his chest under the shirt. I really like to undress a man. There is just something about having my hands on a man’s body that is clothed that makes me hot and bothered.

 We started out with oral sex on me and me have alot of small orgasms. Some I am sure that he didn’t know that I had. It then progressed to the condom and missionary position sex which was excellent. He is about 6 and half inches long and very thick. He also likes to watch. I could feel him hitting my g every stroke. He has that upward curve that hits all the right spots just right. The only problem was that with the condom he couldn’t feel alot. I finally stopped him, ( after he had worked up a sweat). He laid down beside me and we were just running hands over each other’s bodies to familiarize ourselves with each other.

 One thing led to another and the next thing that he knew I had my lips wrapped around his cock. Oral sex is something that I enjoy and I proved it to him. Slow long strokes up and down, then a couple of quick short ones, he was laying back with his eyes closed. I licked and very gently sucked his balls. He would breath in sharply every time I would get near his balls so I finally had to ask him what was wrong. He simply said that his balls were extra sensitive. I make it a point to make sure that whoever I am with enjoys what I do to them so that was that except for some very gentle massaging of his balls.

 It ended him sinking himself into me repeatedly from behind. I adore doggy style and so does he apparently. He would pull back to the point where just the tip was still inside me and then a long slow stroke in and back out again. It wasn’t long until he was moving faster and the feeling for me was very intense. I begin moving back into him and the more that I moved the faster he stroked. We both collapsed after the orgasms struck and we could breath again.

 He was tired and it was easy for me to see what was going to happen next. I allowed him to go to sleep. I am not sure how well he slept but sleep he did and it was a very good thing too. I got up, got rid of the bra, found the panties, and grabbed a old nightshirt to cover myself with.  I pulled the bedroom door almost closed behind me. I was up for about an hour and half. That is when I poured him a fresh glass of oj and slipped in put an extra blanket on him and left the oj for him. 

 I slipped back in and roused him enough to get him to scoot over. back out of the clothes and into the bed. Wrapped around him and feeling his cold back against my tits made my nipples jump to attention. But I just couldn’t bring myself to wake him. Instead I allowed myself to finally drift back to sleep that way. When I woke again we were turned the other direction and I could feel his warm breath down my neck. I could also feel the hard-on that was running up between my butt cheeks. 

 Now, I am never one to waste a good hard-on so naturally I moved which woke him up. Didn’t take but a couple of minutes before he was on his knees. With me on my side and him straddling my right leg, he was doing those very long, slow strokes which I find so incredibly sensual. This continued until I had enough and another orgasm shook me. He stopped, leaned over me and ask if I were okay. Not speaking, only twisting the sheets with a hand, I simply nodded and he moved back behind me again. I turned and pulled him in close and we both drifted back to sleep.

 The next time we woke is when we both decided to play around a little. Sex the way that it should be. Both of us happy and content with the cums so far and if it happens again then great, but if not that is okay too. Didn’t take me long to get him hard again and another condom packet was on the floor. By the way, is it just me or are some of those things damned near impossible to get into? Sorry for the sidetrack, but I have a visual of him standing beside the bed using his teeth to get the wrapping open. 

  This time it was me on my back, my legs folded Indian style in front of him and him pounding away like there was no tomorrow. Me enjoying it in the same fashion and again a orgasm wracking my body. I think that I get off the most watching a guy watch himself sliding in and out of my wet, hot, sucking, pussy. The look on their face is one of pure bliss as they watch me and the reaction that they are causing. He leaned forward still between my legs on his knees and again asked me if I was alright. All I could do was to nod. He laid for a minute that way and I asked him if it feel good. He replied that he really couldn’t feel much. 

 “So how big a risk taker are you”? I asked him. Took a second for it to register what I was saying to him. The condom ended up on the floor and Oh My... He slide back into me pussy and then slowly started those very long slow strokes again. I could feel every inch of him. I could feel my pussy twitching and contracting around him. I could also feel the heat and steel like hardness of his cock. The head rubbing against my g spot with every stroke. The juices from my pussy running down my slit and on my crack. I know that he asked me where I wanted him to cum. I wanted to feel every jump and twitch so what was I going to say but inside me. I could feel the first hot wave of his cum and then the massive load that he shot deep inside. To say that he collapsed on top of me would be an understatement.

  And that my friends is where I will leave this story. Is it true? All or part maybe. You decide. I have never been anything with anyone other than open and honest about my sex life. Again I will say that I practice safe sex, always have and always will. Questions just mail or pm me and ask.