 (I married my soul mate, but he was taken long before his time, much to my grief. He was perfection -- especially in the arts of love. I was a virgin when we met, but he soon unlocked a passion I never knew existed. I have heard other women complain; their bodies jaded as their memories of sexual delights fade into the realm of routine and old age. I have listened to their laments concerning their over-arduous husbands and boyfriends. I never said a word, for I knew I was different. For me, sex was the greatest of adventures.)

My friend Sophie had been talking. I sat in one of the ladder back chairs surrounding her kitchen table, listening to her apologies. 

"I'm sorry Aine...What can I say? I couldn't help myself. The girls were all complaining about how miserable they were, and, well... I told them about you! I told them how you took care of my Darren and how our marriage doesn't have that... that pressure now! You can't be angry with me..."

It wasn't anger I felt. It was more embarrassment than anything. After all, I had agreed to do Sophie a very particular "favor" and now she was telling her friends. A trust - secrecy -- had been breached. I stared at my mug of coffee, cradling its warmth in my hands. Sophie continued;

"Listen, it was only three other women -- and you've met them all at one time or another. It's not like I announced our secret arrangement in public. However, you could be doing these women a huge favor. Like me, they're tired of sex. All they hear about is sex, sex, sex... Our men need sex. Have you ever thought about doing a favor for anyone else? I mean, besides me?" I looked up at Sophie. I couldn't believe she actually said it. 

That was four weeks ago, and since then I have had time to ponder many things. I have also been invited to two lunches and three surprise coffee visits at the houses of friends: Sophie's friends! It was coffee at Ling's that made me re-evaluate my list of rules. 

I had met Ling before: she was a gorgeous Malaysian woman who was married to an American architect. Both were in their late twenties, like me. Ling had long, shiny black hair and an amazing figure. She was an editor for a regional magazine. Ling and her husband Hugh collected art, which is where we originally made our connection. In my dealings with galleries and art houses I had, from time to time, found a few pieces I knew they would love. Ling knew about my tryst with Darren, thanks to Sophie's big mouth. She said so at coffee.

"Hey...listen, Aine. Sophie told me what a great friend you have been to her, well, to her and her husband. You know, I have always admired you. Smart, intelligent, beautiful... how long have we known one another?" Ling cooed.

Ling sipped her coffee while I smiled a sheepish smile. I knew exactly where this conversation was going. Ling continued:

"4 or 5 years now? Well, I'm no good at being coy so I will come right out with it: would you ever consider doing me a bit of a favor? I think Sophie made some very good points, you see. I adore Hugh -- you know that -- but come on. We're all consenting adults! What's wrong with adding a little spice now and then?" 

And that is precisely how Ling inquired about my side work as a trusty tryst. I had one week to think about her offer. My "gift" would be given in exchange for an opportunity to write an article about the art world, which would be published in her magazine. How could I say no?? Besides, Hugh was quite handsome!

THE TRYST

I met Hugh at the office, which was on the 27th floor in one of the newer skyscrapers downtown. It was a magnificent day in September and I wore my emerald green sundress. Cinched at the waist, it flared over my hips and the hem stopped just below my knees. Hair down, strappy sandals, light makeup...I was ready. I always wore the faintest trace of my favorite fragrance, Mademoiselle by Chanel.

The elevator carried me forever upwards, adding to the butterflies in my stomach. I have always had a penchant for sex in strange places, and this trip made my pulse quicken. The elevator doors opened to reveal a plush surrounding of potted plants, fine oriental carpets and ecru walls adorned with art deco sconces. The entire 27th floor housed Wright Architectural Firm. Hugh was one of the founding members. At ten minutes until 6, the office was seemingly empty. I called out, "Hello?" I walked to the front desk. As I ran my hand along the mahogany top, I heard a door open. It was Hugh.

He was in a suit, sans jacket. He was even better looking than I remembered, with blue eyes and black hair. Hugh was over 6 feet tall. Without any hesitation, Hugh strolled over to me and hugged me! He smelled like Heaven! I swooned. Standing, I barely came up to Hugh's chest. The warm fabric of his oxford shirt was comforting. With a great grin, Hugh took my hand and led me into his office. 

"Where is everyone? Gone home?" I inquired. Hugh nodded yes and winked. 

Once inside his office, I was surprised to see so much art hanging on his walls. Two paintings were discovered by me, which was flattering. The interior of the room was beautiful: a class act. Leather, oak, mahogany, fine art...Hugh had excellent taste. But then again, I knew he had excellent taste: he married Ling. 

Hugh immediately wrapped his arms around my waist and held me close. I felt like a little kid standing next to him. He cradled my chin and I thought of all those Cary Grant movies I watched when I was younger. Hugh could pass for a modern day Cary Grant. As I was thinking this, he bent down and found my lips. We kissed. His mouth was tender yet masculine, soft yet strong. I had crazy butterflies in my stomach. Our tongues danced slowly inside our mouths, making music. As I shifted into a more comfortable position, I felt my panties. They were soaked!

When our lips finally separated, Hugh spoke.

"Aine...Aine. My God you are perfection. Look at you! You have always been so beautiful. Ling and I have both thought so. Did you know we have fantasized about you before? How could we not?! I have always been so crazy about you! Come here, let me look at you."

Jokingly, I performed a spin in my dress, which sent the pleated skirt pin-wheeling. I curtsied and smiled. Hugh chuckled. He had the faintest trace of stubble on his chin. His cologne permeated the room. I went to him and flung my arms around his neck. I stood on my tip toes. He bent down and we kissed for what felt like an hour. His arms around me, he pulled me tightly to him and I felt his enormous erection through his dress pants. It was rock hard. 

Still kissing, Hugh ran his hands down my neck and lazily down over my shoulders, removing the straps of my sundress. I slid my hands down the front of his shirt and gingerly unbuttoned each button. I could feel his heart beating wildly, and yet he maintained such control. 

I was not wearing a bra, so my breasts sprang out of their binding as Hugh gently tugged my dress down. My nipples were engorged, erect and they stood out almost an inch form my pink areolas. Hugh broke the kiss and gasped. He took both of his hands and cradled my breasts -- bouncing them softly. His eyes were wide. 

"OH! Aine! Where have you been hiding these gorgeous tits?! I swear I have never seen such incredible tits! May I?"

His coy approach made me giggle and nod approval. He knelt in front of me and continued to cradle each mound. He nuzzled them, played with them, and finally covered them with his mouth. The sensation was riveting! My nipples were on fire and every caress of his tongue made me weak. Hugh moaned softly, his eyes closed. I watched him toy with my tits, turned on by the fact that a grown man could lose himself in a woman's bosom. Each time his stubble grazed my skin, I came closer and closer to losing control. I didn't stop him. I wanted this tryst to last forever!

For a few minutes I stared out of Hugh's office windows, which covered an entire wall. It was fading into night and the city lights were twinkling like stars. With his hot mouth savoring my tits, I regained my composure and finished removing Hugh's shirt. I took him by his tie and pulled him up to face me. His mouth slightly opened, I dropped to my knees and finished unfastening his belt. Hugh looked up at the ceiling as if he were thanking God. I pulled his pants down, and then I removed his boxers. 

"Step out of them, please sir." I asked. 

He obliged. I then removed his shoes and socks. I stood up and slowly removed my dress and my shoes. There we stood: I, in my red lace panties and Hugh in his red silk tie. I knelt before him and with both hands, I cradled his balls. I stroked them, gently tugged at them. I lowered myself and with one movement, I placed his balls into my wet mouth, causing him to catch his breath. Obligingly, he parted his legs enough for me to enjoy his fruits. His hands were propped on the edges of his desk. His head was arched back, eyes closed. 

I ran my tongue down the seam of his sac, swirling his hairs as I went. I was very gentle, yet savvy enough with my sucking that I felt his balls tighten with each pass. As I feasted, I used both hands to massage the inside of his muscular thighs. My nose nuzzled the tender spot between his testicles and his erect penis. Hugh sighed heavily and then let out a long, low moan. With my right hand, I traced a line to his firm ass. Toying with his crack, I ran my finger up and down its length. Hugh's muscles were solid beneath his skin. His thighs were flexed. I pulled my mouth away with one last teasing motion. 

I once read that if one stimulates a man's testicles enough, he can experience an orgasm from that alone. I have read many things about men, because I always want to know more. I decided Hugh was an excellent candidate for my experimentation. 

With my left hand, I steadily caressed and kneaded his balls. Every three strokes, I ran my middle finger down his taint. Hugh was spellbound. I examined his erection. It was glorious. Hugh had a dick that had to be a good 11 inches long, and when I wrapped my hand around its girth, my fingers did not meet on the other side. My hand looked tiny as it grasped his magnificent cock! Using my palm to gently rub the pre-cum off the top of his cock, I gingerly ran my hand up and down his shaft. I looked up and met Hugh's blue eyes. He winked at me. 

Maintaining eye contact, I moved forward and took his cock into my mouth. Hugh groaned.

"Ohhhh, baby. That's how I like it. Suck my dick babydoll." Hugh gasped.

I obeyed. I started slow, up and down, up to the head and then flicking his secret spot. My left hand continued to tug, caress and stroke his handsome balls. As I worked his dick over I could feel it harden to incredible size. My mouth would barely stretch around his cock! I used my right hand to squeeze and rub the base of his cock, my left to toy with his taint and my mouth to suck his dick for all I was worth. I increased my speed. Hugh's breathing increased its pace. Hugh began to shake and he placed his hand on top of my head. I felt like I was about to receive a blessing of epic proportions! 

"Oh God babydoll! Suck my dick! I'm gonna cum in your mouth! I'm gonna cum..." Hugh said inbewteen heavy breaths.

Hugh never had a chance to finish his sentence. His cock turned into a steel rod, the head swollen and delicious. His balls contracted as I slipped my middle finger into his anus, deftly rubbing his button-shaped G-spot. His ass tightened around my finger, his balls drew into a small knot beneath his enormous dick. Hugh shuddered, his body shaking like he had electricity running through his veins. 

He shouted,

"AINE!!!!!!!!!!" 

as came with hot spasms in my mouth, dousing my throat with his thick creamy cum. Again and again he shook, producing jets of hot creamy cum and I swallowed only after my mouth was filled. He tasted so good; sweet, salty, musky... I savored every drop. Hugh came so hard that he finally pushed my mouth away from his reddened cock. I sat back on my knees, licking my lips. Hugh sat on the edge of his desk, breathing heavily. His head was down, his eyes were closed.

"Damn woman," he said. I giggled. 

I watched in fascination as Hugh's dick ebbed slowly, but never completely lost its erection. After an orgasm of wicked proportions, Hugh still had enough erection to make a gal happy. With his red silk tie still hanging around his neck, Hugh looked at me and grinned.

"Up" he said. 

I stood. 

"You didn't think you were getting off that easy, did you? Oh, did I just say getting off?" Hugh chuckled.

I giggled again. Hugh pointed to my panties and cleared his throat,

"Ahem..." he mouthed as I rasied my brows.

Candidly, I reached down and pulled my panties off with aching precision. Hugh spun his index finger, motioning me to turn around. In my best playboy pose, I did just that. I saw his cock bobbing in recognition. He was getting turned on. 

"You see that leather chair over there," he asked. I nodded. "Would you be so kind as to take a seat in it?" 

On tip toes, I walked to the chair. It was a decadent chocolate leather arm chair. I sank into its velvety texture. The leather felt great on my ass, and I wondered if I was already leaving a wet spot. 

"Now," Hugh continued, "drape one leg over the arm, please m'am, and lean back onto the other arm." 

I did so, which gave him an open view of my tits, my pussy and everything else. I was quite comfortable. Hugh walked to a second leather chair, and moved it into position. His chair was about six feet in front of mine, facing me. 

"Shall I direct you?" he asked. 

I nodded eagerly, smiling. I loved this game. 

"Close your eyes and think about sucking my dick. Think about how good that felt in your mouth. Keep your eyes closed..." he said. 

I obeyed, and the remembrance of his cock in my mouth made me wet. It was all I could do not to touch myself. 

Hugh cleared his throat and said "Now, take your hands and rub those delicious tits of yours; pretend they're my hands. Play with your nipples. Make them hard." 

I knew they were already hard, but I immediately touched my own tits. They were warm and soft, round and bouyant. I cupped them, rubbed them, rolled my nipples between finger and thumb. It felt great. I was so horny. Without looking, I could feel my pussy become swollen, my clit erect. I was getting wetter by the second. 

I opened one eye and peaked at Hugh. He was sitting in his chair, his cock in his hand. It was huge. 

Hugh caught me; "No peeking!! I see how this is going: I think I have a solution." 

Hugh stood and removed his red silk tie, then gently knelt before me. His erection was pressed between his body and the leather cushion of my seat. I stared at it's pink head. My mouth watered. Hugh saw me looking and chuckled, 

"Oh, you'll get that, I promise. All in good time, babydoll." 

Hugh made a blindfold out of his tie and wrapped it around my head. Damn. 

A minute later Hugh was back in his chair.

"Now, where were we? Oh yes," he sighed. "Playing with beautiful tits. Good, now, I think there is something else that needs a little attention. Think you could find it?" 

My right hand moved down my hips and over to my center. Hugh must have had a helluva view. 

"There it is." Hugh whispered, his voice hoarse. "Nice. Now, what will you do? How does my babydoll make herself feel good when I'm not around? Remember, my huge cock wants a piece of that gorgeous pink pussy. Use those fingers and show me how to make that pussy purr." 

My imagination took over as I pictured him over there, his hand stroking that enormous cock. My fingers grazed my clit, which stood out a good half inch from my lips! I was so hot. Dipping two fingers into my pussy, I covered them with my own wetness. Once they were slippery I rubbed my fingers in a slow circle around the tip of my clit. Still throbbing, my hardened clit, pink like bubblegum, sent jolts of pleasure through my body. I was so close to cumming. 

Hugh knew I was hot. 

"Whoa -- don't you cum yet. I want to see you finger that hot pussy. Imagine my cock in that pussy." he whispered again.

I slid my hand down to my wet entrance. I placed both fingers inside -- deep inside. Instinctively, I arched my back. My left hand pinched my nipple. I heard Hugh moan. I could hear his hand moving against the leather and against his own skin. I knew he was jacking off as he watched me finger myself. I found my G-spot, which was easy because it was so swollen. I rubbed it and cried out. Legs spread, back arched, mouth open and my fingers deep inside my own pussy, I felt the tension building. I begged for mercy.

"Hugh! Hugh? Please! Please..." I begged.

Hugh was breathing heavily and I heard him moan again, saying, 

"Yes, babydoll! Cum for me! Make that pussy cum!"

With that, I rubbed my G-spot again, rapidly pushing myself to the edge. His fist pumping, his breathing ragged, I pictured Hugh's cock in his hand, engorged and bursting.

Right then, Hugh cried out, gasped and I imagined torrents of hot white jism erupting from the head of his magnificent cock! I came so hard I almost fell out of the chair! My pussy tightened, clamping down around my fingers! It spasmed again and again, shuddering with each course. I imagined how good that must feel when a cock is inside such a pussy. I wanted Hugh to find out! 

Before I knew it, my blindfold was gone. Hugh was on top of me, lifting my hips with his arm. With precision, he entered me, causing my pussy to react with intense pleasure. His hot breath on my face, we fucked like animals. His dick was huge -- almost painful as he thrust over and over. I moaned so loudly I didn't care who heard. We were wild, grasping one another! 

Ramming his giant cock into my wet hole, I came three, four, then five times. I screamed. I bit his shoulder to keep from falling apart. Hugh suddenly slowed to a crawl, in and out. I looked him in the eyes. His eyes were wild. With one deep plunge, he came. He came so hard I could feel his ejaculation from the inside. Liquid lava-like spurts of thick cum bathed my pussy as he went rigid. He grunted, then cried out, "FUCK!" Which is exactly what we did.