 Vicki Turner glanced up at the clock, "Almost midnight" she thought, and "It's going to be a long night" She stood up and stretched and realized that she was hungry. Another glance at the clock told her it was too late to call and get takeout, so she decided to head down to the staff break room and get something out of a vending machine.

She grabbed her purse, went down the hall, pushing open the door to enter the room. She was surprised at how nice the room was. There was an area set aside to relax, with two plush couches facing each other, end tables and a TV set. The dinning area had several tables, and a wonderful selection of vending machines that carried real food, that could be heated in the microwave, as well as the required junk food. 

She was standing there reviewing the selection when the door opened and two men walked in. She was startled, thinking that she was the only person in the building. She realized that they were the security guards she had been told about Gene and Oliver.

Vicki smiled at them, and then her smile faltered when she noticed that they were both frowning at her. Gene stepped forward, studied her badge and said "you most be new here" She said, "Yes, I started 2 weeks ago" 

Suddenly she heard a loud clanking in the building.

Gene shook his head, rolled his eyes and said, "Great, no one talked to you about the working hours here did they?" As she shook her head no Gene said, "The noise you heard was the building automatic lock down for the night, you are here for the rest of the night" 

Vicki gasped and said, "There is no way to get out? What about emergency exits?" Gene sighed, "The emergency exits open if there is a fire detected in the building" he said, "Any other door leading to the outside sounds an alarm that brings the police and fire department. Only they can unlock the gates on those doors" 

As Vicki stood there in total dismay, Oliver walked over to a closet and removed a blanket and pillow handing them to her. "You can sleep here on the couch, it is very comfortable" 

Vicki, resigned that she was locked in for the night, looked at Oliver and said "Now what do I do?" He handed her his cell phone saying, "You might want to call your husband to let him know about this" She gave him the phone back. "I'm not married" she said, " I live alone." Vicki dropped the blanket and pillow on one of the couches, retrieved her purse and sat down. 

Gene looked at Oliver and said "I am going to make rounds, you see if you can make her comfortable" At Oliver's nod of agreement, Gene left the room.

Oliver sat down on the couch facing Vicki and inquired if there was anything she needed. She looked at Oliver, noticing that the tight security uniforms did nothing to hide his firm body.

Vicki had moved to this town, just 3 weeks earlier and had not had time to develop a social life, so she suddenly feeling a little lonely and a lot horny. 

Oliver leaned forward and said, "Would you like to play truth or dare?" Vicki looked at him then thought, "what the hell, that's as good of a way to get to know one another" so she said, "sure, but who goes first?" He grinned and said, Ladies first. 

She asked his name. He quickly replied, "Oliver Wilson, but most people call me lover" She raised an eyebrow, and then answered back "Vicki Turner" when asked the same question.

They kept the game generic for a while, asking age, martial status, how they liked the town, what they both did and did they enjoy it. Then her curiosity finally got the better of her and Vicki asked, "Why do people call you Lover?" He grinned and said "cause I always please the ladies when I fuck them" 

Vicki's nipples got hard at the thought of him fucking her. It was his turn on the game, so when he said "Truth or Dare" she chose Dare. 

Oliver had been watching her; he had noticed her nipples get hard, how she had pressed her legs tightly together and how she was fidgeting. He figured his last comment had excited her, so he decided to find out. He smiled and said "I dare you to strip naked and masturbate in front of me. 

Vicki's mouth dropped open. She looked down at her body, and then looked up at him. Nobody wanted to see her naked. She was 5'4" and weighed over 250 pounds. Stripping naked in front of any man was not something that had ever been requested, let alone having the man want to see her masturbate. 

As she sat there looking at him, she suddenly realized that he was staring at her with a gleam in his eyes. He wanted to see her naked, masturbating for him. 

Her pussy throbbed at the thought of her legs spread wide as she fingered her cunt and played with her clit in front of him.

He smiled as she stood up, pulled her dress over her head, dropping it on the floor. She stood there in her panties and bra letting him take a long look at her body before she undid her bra, letting her lush tits loose. 

Oliver was staring at her tits seemly enthralled by their huge size. She brought one up to her mouth, running her tongue around the nipple in circles before sucking on it. 

Vicki was rewarded by the sight of Oliver rubbing his cock through his pants. 

She turned her back on him, sliding her panties down, giving him a good look at her ass as they slid down her legs to pool at her ankles. She stepped out of them, turned and sat down, spreading the lips of her pussy apart to give him a good look. 

Vicky started rubbing her clit in small tight circles. As she got excited, she made the circles bigger, getting closer and closer to her pussy, before slipping a finger inside herself. Oliver watched her eyes close as she finger fucked herself. 

He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. He was proud of his cock. It was 9" long and 5" around. He started stroking his cock while he watched her masturbate. 

Vicki heard the zipper, waited a moment then glanced his way and was awed at the size of that cock. She wanted it fucking her every way she could have it. 

It was her turn in the game; she suddenly broke the sound of sighs and heavy breathing by saying "Truth or Dare" 

Oliver looked at her, grinned and said, "Dare" Vicki stared openly at his cock and said, "I dare you to let me suck your cock as I masturbate" 

Oliver quickly removed his clothing. He approached Vicki and held his hand out. When she placed her hand in his, he pulled her up from the couch and had her perch on the arm of it. Then he grabbed the blanket and pillow, positioning them against the arm before pulling Vicki backward so that her head and shoulders rested on the couch, her back was supported by the blanket and pillow, and her ass was balanced on the arm of the couch.

As he straddled her face, she opened her mouth quickly, sucking the cock he slipped in. Her tongue was moving all around the head. He slowly moved his cock in and out of her mouth, letting her get used to his huge size.

He was rubbing her clit, keeping her excited, letting her passion build again. As it did she took more and more of his cock down her throat. 

Oliver leaned down and started licking her clit, flicking his tongue over it before sliding it into her pussy, lapping at the juices there. He stuck a finger in her pussy, finger fucking her while getting it wet. Then he sucked hard on her clit and shoved the finger up her ass. 

Vicki arched her back upwards trying to mash her pussy in his face. This drove her head into the cushions of the couch allowing Oliver to shove his entire cock down her throat. 

She was in heaven. She grabbed his ass pulling him closer, deeper down her throat. She sucked his cock as he stroked out, letting her tongue go wild over the shaft and head before he plunged it back into the depths of her throat. 

Neither of them heard the door open and close. Neither of them heard a zipper being opened. Oliver opened his eyes to see Gene standing there with his cock in his hand, furiously jacking himself off. He was staring at Vicki's pussy. 

Oliver stopped licking Vicki's cunt. She groaned her protest just as Gene stepped forward and shoved his cock inside her. She moaned in pleasure as he started fucking her as hard as he could, holding the back of the couch with one hand and playing with her swollen clit with the other. 

Her climax was building and she urged Oliver to fuck her mouth faster. She wanted to taste his cum just as much as she wanted to cum. Her throat was tight, her mouth was hot and her tongue was magic. Oliver growled as he felt his load roar up his shaft before empting it down her throat. 

Vickie swallowed several times then sucked the head clean as he pulled his cock out of her mouth. 

Gene felt her legs quivering as he fucked her. Then he her heard her say, "I'm coming, I'm coming." Her pussy started to spasm around his cock, getting tight, milking it as he fucked her. He could not hold out any longer and buried his cock in her pussy as white-hot jets of cum filled her. 

He pulled his cock out and helped Vicki to her feet before they collapsed in a heap of naked bodies on the couch. She leaned back against Oliver giving him a long soulful kiss. Then she sat in Genes lap, kissing him before she whispering in his ear...

"So Gene, have you ever played Truth or Dare?"