 "Truth or Dare." I asked.

We are sitting on the floor of his hotel room.

"Dare" he said. The guys always picked the dare.

"I dare you." I want to say "I dare you to kiss me" but I knew we aren't ready yet.

"I dare you to drink two shots of that tequila." I was trying to get him to loose his inhibitions.

He poured out the shots into the bathroom cup.

He drank.

"Truth or Dare." my turn.

"Truth" Girls always picked truth.

"What is your favorite position." He asked me.

I knew the game would turn to sex, but I didn't think it would be so soon.

"I like to be on top. I like to have control." I didn't know enough about him to know whether he would like that or not. I decided I would be honest and see where it led.

"Truth or Dare." I ask.

I had been fantasizing about this game for a year. I met Bill a few years ago at a conference. We hit it off right away. We started talking on the phone and planning our conference time so that we could spend time together.

"Dare" he said again.

"I dare you to show me what you are like when you come"

"What exactly do you mean." he asked with a bit of a thrill in his voice.

"Pretend you are having sex and you are about to come. I want to see what your face looks like, and what noises your make and I want to see how your body moves."

Bill took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

"Ohhh It's good.. it's good. I'm cooommming..."

His face tensed, then relaxed. He opened his eyes.

"That felt good. Your turn."

I got up and made myself another rum and cranberry juice and drank half. I had decided after the last time that I saw him that I wanted him. He was the exact opposite of my husband in almost every way. He was a big guy, tall and broad, always laughing. My husband was skinny and serious. I quite often fantasized about Bill when having sex with my husband.

"Dare" I said.

"I dare you to touch me." His blue eyes looked right into mine and twinkled. I felt the shock of excitement shoot though me. I knew what I wanted, but I wasn't clear on how far he would go. He was married. During one of our first talks I had asked him what he planned on doing when he retired, and the first thing out of his mouth was "Get a divorce."

"Do you want me to touch you anywhere in particular." I didn't want to overstep my boundaries.

"Anywhere you want" he said.

"Lie down on your side and close your eyes" I turned to face him.

I start by touching his shoulder. I run my hand down his arm, down his hip, down his leg. I moved behind him and used both hands to touch both legs and ran my hands up and down. I pressed hard on his ass. He groaned and started to move his hips in a thrusting motion. I continued moving both hands up and over his back. His flesh felt hard under his shirt, and it felt good to watch my hands on his body. Without lifting my hands up I moved in front of him and touched his shoulders. I moved one hand to touch his bare neck and ran my fingers down his skin until I couldn't move it any further without unbuttoning him. I moved my hands back to his neck then down his shirt touching his chest, his ribs, his belly, his hips and finally down his legs again. I avoided the bulge in his pants. I was enjoying myself and I wanted to play a bit more. I wanted to get really worked up.

"Your turn."

He opened his eyes in surprise, like he forgot we were playing a game.

"Dare" he said with his eyes boring into me.

Should I dare him to touch me, or would that be too much. I was enjoying myself and wanted to play a bit more with him.

"I dare you to masturbate in front of me." I really loved to watch a man masturbate. They were all so different in their technique. I had wondered about his for some time.

"Through my clothes." he asked.

"No" I said raising my eyebrows.

"I don't know Jen. I've never done this before" he looked uncomfortable.

"You've never masturbated before." I said in a teasing kind of voice.

"I've never masturbated in front of anyone before not even my wife."

"OK, then I win the game." I stood up and headed toward the door.

"What are you doing." he stood to approach me.

"I guess the game is over, so I'm going back to my room." He just looked at me. I guess I was going to have to do all the work here. "Unless.." I trailed off expectantly.

"Jen please stay. I want to be with you." He took my hand and we sat side-by-side on the bed.

We were silent for a few minutes.

"Do you want to watch T.V.." I asked rolling on my stomach and reaching for the remote.

He said, "What do you want to do."

I wanted to lick him all over then fuck his brains out, but I didn't say that.

"Have you ever thought about cheating on your wife." There. I said it. I asked the big question.

"Every time I'm with you," he said.

"What about you."

I paused and said "I would thoroughly enjoy having a physical relationship with a man other than my husband, but I would not let it be any more than that. I'm happily married, but I long for more sexual variety than what I get at home. So, to answer your question, I would definitely have a fling with the right guy."

The sexual electricity in the room was so strong, I could feel it and hear it. I was lightheaded from the rum and full of anticipation and longing.

Bill was still lying on his side. I resumed my touching of him. I started on his arm, lightly running my fingers down his body.

"Is this OK." I asked.

"mmmmm" He moaned. He rolled on his back.

I wanted to feel his skin. I unbuttoned his shirt, pulled it out of his pants and ran my hands over his chest. "Take off your shirt please" I asked. He sat up and pulled it off.

I continued rubbing his bare skin. I started using my mouth to touch him. I love the feel of skin on my lips. I made my way up his body, first touching, then kissing all of his skin. I love the feel of his chest, shoulder, and neck. I started kissing his jaw and he turned to me and pushed me down on the bed and slammed his mouth onto mine. His warm tongue slid into my mouth and explored slowly. When he was done, I moved my tongue into his mouth. Our hands were rubbing, and his hands were untucking my shirt and feeling my skin.

"Stop" I said as I sat up.

"I need to know that you are OK with this. I don't want to ruin your life or your marriage. I would very much like to be with you tonight."

Bill's eyes were intensely looking at me.

"Jen, I want to be with you. I've always been very attracted to you. I've thought about you a lot, and fantasized about us being together here. I feel I deserve some enjoyment after everything I have to put up with at home."

I got up, finished my drink and turned out all of the lights except for one dim reading light on the desk. I grabbed his hand and helped him off the bed. I threw the comforter on the floor. I turned to Bill, and took off his belt. I unsnapped and unzipped his pants and sat him on the bed. I took off his shoes, pulled off his pants, and pulled off his socks and threw them all in a heap.

I looked at his cock. I was not disappointed. It was stretching up out of his underwear. He was gently rubbing it. It looked rock hard, and I couldn't wait to have it.

"I want to know what you like." I kicked off my shoes.

"I like it all." He almost was moaning.

"Is there anything you've always wanted to try but haven't." I asked. I started undoing my pants.

"I've always wanted anal, and a threesome, what about you." He was watching me intensely as I wiggled out of my pants. I had on a button down shirt, my bra and underpants. I undid the top two buttons of my shirt.

"I've always wanted to do another girl, and I like to be dominated, but I like to be the boss sometimes too." I reached around under my shirt and undid my bra and wiggled out of it. My button down shirt was now exposing some of my breasts, and Bill was desperately trying to get a look. I walked right up to him and put my tits in his face.

"You want these." I asked as I pressed them to his cheeks.

His hands reached up and squeezed them symmetrically. Then he started nibbling on them. They are size 42D, and I have large nipples that get rock hard. They are very sensitive, and the stubble on Bill's chin was driving me crazy even though I could only feel it though my shirt.

I pushed him so he was lying down on the bed. I took off my underwear and strattled him, rubbing my cunt right on top of his hard cock. I love that feeling of being just out of reach. The only thing separating out skin is the thin material of his underwear. I sat up and slowly unbuttoned the rest of my shirt as he watched. I took off my shirt and played with my nipples until they were hard. I then guided his hands up to them and closed my eyes while he moved his hands all over me. He pulled me down on top of him and started kissing me while moving his hands down my back touching me everywhere.

I was rubbing on his cock, enjoying his touch, exploring his mouth with my tongue. I rolled off of him because I wanted to be able to touch him everywhere. I pulled his underpants off and dropped them on the floor. I lightly traced my fingers all on his thighs up and around his cock. It was beautiful, hard and begging to be touched. I lightly traced my fingers up the length of it and back down again. I moved so that I was kneeling between his legs, and I had a perfect view of his cock. I touched his balls, lightly squeezing and pulling. I wrap my hand around him and squeeze. I swear I almost come just feeling his cock for the first time.

I start licking him from the base of his balls all the way to the head, then repeating the strokes all around his dick. When it was all wet, I wrapped my hand around it to stroke it a little bit. Bill moaned. His fists were gripping the sheets, and his hips were gently thrusting. I took my hand off and started licking it again.

This time I started going down on him, and he started thrusting into my mouth. I decided to give him what he wanted and I went down on him until I could feel the tip of his head touch the back of my mouth. I knew I could take even more, but I decided to enjoy what I was doing first.

I gave him a few minutes of fast hard sucking first. Then I moved around so that my pussy was right above his face. In this position I could push his dick all the way down my throat. The first time I did this I just kept still with his head down my throat and my lips wrapped tight around his cock.

I could feel him start to come before he said it. Every drop of his come went straight down my throat.

I got off of him and stood up.

"Are you thirsty. I asked.

I poured myself some more cranberry juice and rum. I planned on making him come this way first, so that went I finally got to enjoy him I could take my time.

He was laying there on his back with his eyes closed totally relaxed. His dick wasn't totally hard, but wasn't exactly soft yet.

"Water" he said.

I got some ice from the bucket, added water and brought it to him.

He sat up and drank. "Oh my god Jen, that was amazing." He was staring at my tits with his beautiful eyes.

"I'm not done with you yet" I said. "I still want to see you jerk off."

He looked at me with disbelief.

"Don't worry, I can wait." I said. I put my shirt back on, but didn't button it. I wanted to know everything about him. I always found peoples sex lives fascinating, but it wasn't exactly something I could easily ask about.

"What kinds of things do you like." I asked.

"I love being sucked, and I love tits."

I said "I have to confess, I really love cocks. I love to touch them and suck them and have them in me. I love to look at them and I just love everything about them. I think all this cock worshiping I've done in my life has made me somewhat of an expert. I've never cheated on my husband though."

Oddly enough I didn't even feel guilty. I felt wonderful. It was nice to be wanted and desired by someone I found attractive.

Bill lay back down and I lay next to him. He started rubbing me slipping his hand under my shirt to feel my tits. He sucked one, then the other then back again. I loved having my tits sucked.

His hands reached lower until they were touching my thighs. He hesitated a moment, then slid his finger between my legs. I was still very wet from being all worked up. I didn't spread my legs because I liked the pressure of his fingers on me.

I have never been able to orgasm from fingers alone, and I was hoping that Bill might know some moves that I didn't. I was certainly enjoying the attention.

Bill rearranged the pillows so that I was lying on my back with my legs raised on the pillows. He was kneeling between my legs and rubbing me all over. He bent down to kiss me and I could feel his dick touching my leg. I went to reach for it, but he grabbed my arm and held it down.

"Now it's my turn to make you feel good. You are not allowed to move your hands or touch my cock. Do you understand." he asked.

I nodded.

He let go of my arms and was rubbing and kissing me all over. He took an ice cube from his drink and ran it down my body, over my nipples and between my legs.

The shock of the cold ice on my hot cunt made me cry out. He pushed the ice cube up in me and brought his mouth down on me at the same time. He was gently licking my clit and sucking on my pussy lips. I could feel the ice cube melting and dripping down my legs. His tongue felt so good I closed my eyes, relaxed and enjoyed the heightened sensations I was feeling.

He was working his way back up my body, licking and sucking. When he got to my lips, I drank in the taste of my cunt on his tongue. I could feel his skin touching me as he lay on me kissing and touching. I could feel the head of his cock rubbing the sensitive opening between my legs. I was moving my hips to try and feel it inside of me, but every time I did, Bill pulled it away.

"You were told not to move, I will give you one warning, but if you move again, you're going to get spanked."

That did it for me; the thought of being spanked made me thrust even harder onto his cock. This time I almost got it in.

Bill sat up and took his cock away from me. I was so hot and ready for him.

"Please." I said as I moved my hands down to stroke my clit.

"You were warned not to move, and here you are playing with your pussy. You will be punished." I was rubbing harder now, I could feel the beginning of the climax.

He took my hand away from my cunt, and flipped me over on my hands and knees. He arranged the pillows under me so that my ass was in the air. He then took a tie from his suitcase and tied my hands together, then tied them to the headboard.

"Now you have to be a good girl."

He went into the bathroom, and came right back.

He was kneeling behind me, but he wasn't touching me. I could feel the hair from his legs on the back of my thighs. I could hear him rubbing his hands together.

Finally, I felt his hands on my back. He was rubbing me with lotion. All over my back, under my arms, grazing my tits, over my ass and down my legs.

I was moaning with pleasure, but the ache between my legs was starting to take over my body. It was getting hard to enjoy the feeling of his hands on me because I was aching so much.

"Bill, please fuck me now." I asked nicely. I didn't want to delay the feel of his cock any more.

"You still haven't paid for your disobedience." He said.

I felt the sting of his hand smacking my ass and the loud slap reached my ears. I could tell my sensitive skin would soon be turning red. He smacked me again and again. The sound of his skin slapping mine was making me even wetter. I started moaning again, but I forced myself not to move. When he stopped I closed my eyes and waited.

"Now Bill, Please. I'm being good."

I felt the tip of his cock touch my pussy lips. I tried not to move, but my body wanted him so bad I could hardly stop myself from backing onto his cock.

"That's right Jen, don't move. If you move, I'll take it away again."

"Please, Bill, Please." I couldn't believe I was begging for his cock.

My ass was still burning from being slapped. I felt the tip of his cock rubbing on my wet cunt. I cold feel him moving his cock up and down my crack. Soon my whole crack was wet from his cock spreading my pussy juice all over it. I felt the tip of his cock pushing on my ass. It was so wet it felt like it would slide right in, but he continued to tease me by just touching the head of his cock everywhere.

I sighed and relaxed. I decided to just enjoy this. I knew I would get what I needed eventually.

Bill turned me so I was on my back, my hands still tied above my head. He spread my legs and started licking me. His whole face was buried in my cunt. His tongue was everywhere, licking and tugging on my flesh.

I felt the beginnings of my orgasm.

"I'm going to come if you keep doing that" I said. I wanted him to know how good it was.

He continued to suck and lick, he put his finger up my ass, the feel of it put me over the edge. My whole body was trembling and convulsing. The warm satisfying tremors of my orgasm were spreading from my pussy out to my limbs. It was so good, I was moaning and chanting, "it's good, I'm coming" over and over.

I don't know how long I enjoyed that orgasm, but it felt like a long time. I was now ready for some serious fucking.

"Untie me now." I said.

He crawled up over me so that his cock was in front of my face. He reached up and untied me. I licked his cock as he did it.

"Now get on your back" I commanded. I was no longer willing to be submissive. I knew what I wanted.

Bill lay on his back.

"Stroke yourself," I said.

He reached down and started stroking his cock. Watching this was like a current hitting my cunt. It started aching all over again. There is nothing more erotic to me than watching a man rub his cock.

"Keep going" I said as I mounted him. I then took his free hand and held it above his head. I reached down and took his hand away from his cock and held it above his head as well. I moved my tits directly over his mouth and told him to suck them.

As he sucked my tits, I rubbed my wet cunt on the head of his cock. This time he was trying to thrust into me. I rocked up and down on his head and slowly started rocking so that his head was deeper and deeper in me. He stopped sucking my tits and I watched his face as I lowered myself onto him.

His blue eyes flashed and he moaned as I took him all in my cunt. As soon as he was all the way in me, I stopped and closed my eyes to enjoy the feeling. I leaned over and kissed Bill, deep and long, not moving or thrusting my hips.

I let go of his hands, and he grabbed my hips and started moving me up and down on his cock.

I could feel that tingle that indicated the start of another orgasm. We fucked fast and hard for several minutes. It felt so good to finally be getting what I've been fanaticizing about. I let my orgasm build until there was no stopping it. My body shuddered and rocked, tingling feelings exploding everywhere. It was so good and strong.

I rolled off of him and collapsed on the bed.

"I'm not done with you yet" Bill said as he started pinching my nipples. I could see his cock glistening with my juice. It was beautiful, big and hard, slightly purple at the top.

"Do you want more of this." he said reaching down to squeeze himself. As he did a few drops of cum leaked out. I leaned over to lick it up and his hands were rubbing all over me as I started to suck him.

He positioned me on my hands and knees and got behind me.

He rubbed his cock up and down my crack as he had done earlier, but this time he slid it in me. I rocked with him back and forth, enjoying the tip of his cock hitting my cervix. It didn't hurt, but excited me more.

He fucked me hard and I could feel his balls slapping against me. I was glad he came earlier, because I was enjoying his stamina now. He started to slow down, and I decided to give him an extra treat. Just thinking about it made me get wet again.
