 AUTHOR'S NOTE: I have written about my Admin Assistant Cathleen in other stories. However I never wrote about the day she thanked for her promotion and the days following. I thought to share that weekend with the readers.

*****

SHOWING HER GRATITUDE

It was the Friday before the Fourth of July weekend and by 4:00 PM most everyone had left the office. I was the only one left on Executive row and I was just clearing off my desk when Cathleen my administrative assistant entered the office. She had a mischievous smile on her face and I sensed that I was about to receive another one of her incredible blow jobs.

I had recently put through her promotion from secretary to administrative assistant which was in line with the other executives. She closed and locked the door to my office and then she retrieved the door brace from the closet and placed it under the handle. Once the door was secure she turned toward me and smiled. 

"I don't think that I ever thanked you properly for the promotion."

"I see and what did you have in mind?" I replied while unzipping my fly. 

She knelt in front of me and I guided her pretty strawberry blonde head down toward my lap. It was always such a sexy scene as she looked up with those big blue eyes. Cathleen smiled broadly as she slithered to her knees between my legs.

Her petite soft hand fished out my cock from the open zipper and her delicate fingers barely fit around the thick base of my erect cock. 

She cooed sexily at the sight of my exposed and rigid manhood. I felt her hot breath as she kissed and licked it lovingly. A generous dollop of pre-cum seeped from my spongy mushroom head and she lapped it up quickly with her succulent tongue. I caught myself holding my breath as she licked every inch of my cock and then I let out a big gasp of air. The licks and kisses caused my skin to tingle and made my dick twitch in her warm mouth.

She held my hard cock glistening with her saliva straight up to her lips and drooled and slobbered on the purple head. Some of the excess saliva trickled down to my balls and scrotum. When she finally wrapped her full lips around my pulsating cock, I almost came right there on the spot. She released my cock with her hands behind me and I guided her head in a face fuck. Her hair was not soft and silky but rather coarse and straw like. The only time I ever touched her hair was when she was sucking my cock.

Cathleen let out a stifled moan as her mouth glided down the length of my shaft. Her magnificently receptive mouth easily accommodated my 7+ inch cock. She had measured it once and determined it was just shy of 8 inches. She wanted to know how much cock she could deep throat. I watched in awe as my hard cock disappeared and reappeared from her seemingly bottomless mouth. A massive and intensive ejaculation was welling up inside me and I could feel myself quickly losing control. She was always able to sense my impending release so she eased up on the mind-numbing blowjob in order to prolong the act and excite me even more.

Cathleen expertly stayed my orgasm with gentle licking all over my length carefully avoiding the sensitive underside of the mushroom head. Moments later, satisfied that she had stemmed the tide, she ravenously engulfed my throbbing cock and resumed the incredible nearly unbearable sucking. She was without a doubt the queen of blow jobs.

"Oh babe! You are the best!" I called out as her senuous face slid up and down my cock. 

Sheer erotic delight pulsed through me each time my cock head bumped the back of her throat and I felt her lips at the base of my shaft. She was the only one to ever deep throat my cock. I felt helpless in her talented mouth. Cathleen gently scratched at my perineum and fondled my taut balls as she continued to deep throat me. She'd look at me dreamily with her baby blues on her upswing with only my cock head in her mouth before gliding her mouth back down my entire length again. 

Sensing that I was again close, her head bobbed with more purpose. I was suddenly aware of my own imminent orgasm feeling the onrush of semen rising to the tip of my cock. There would be no stopping it this time and she didn't try. Instinctively, Cathleen swallowed me to the hilt as every muscle in my body was tensing and flexing as I unleashed a massive, intense, ball-draining torrent of cum.

I filled her receptive mouth with endless streams of creamy warm sperm. Cathleen eagerly pumped every bit out of my cock with her hands and mouth. She swallowed every last drop before letting my drained and spent cock plop out of her mouth. It was abundantly clear that she loved giving head like no other woman I knew.

"How was that, Walt? Did you enjoy my proper thank you?" She asked, grinning up at me.

"Mind blowingly satisfying as always," I sighed

"Sucking your cock always makes me so hot!"

Her hand was snaked under her skirt, rubbing frantically at her pussy through the panties. The look in her eyes told me that she wanted me to return the favor. I watched in awe as she stood up and exposed her cute tiny breasts, pushing them seductively in front of my face. Her nipples were soft pink nubs and they protruded out just begging to be sucked. I took one of her small, firm tits in my mouth as she hurriedly unfastened her skirt. She let out a soft moan as I nibbled on her nipple. 

When the skirt fell to the floor, I moved away from her and sat back to take in the view. She was naked except for her thigh high hose with the elastic tops, a gift from me, along with the light blue silk panties. Cathleen was 5'5" and athletic looking from countless hours of aerobics. Her legs were shapely and well-toned and her ass was tailor-made for fucking. Her pussy was lovely with only short, golden stubble covering the neatly trimmed and manicured mound. The clitoris always erect when excited looked to be touched and sucked. I reached out to her and she wilted as my hand rubbed her vulva. She ground herself against my hand and her sweet nectar coated my fingers tips as I easily inserted two fingers into her hot, wet pussy. 

The room was filled with the heavenly aroma that her anxious inflamed pussy emitted. I eased her back against my desktop and she sat on it with my fingers now thrusting upwards inside her. Locating her g-spot she went wild. Her head was thrown back and she was uttering indistinguishable sounds as I continued to finger fuck her. Her hands urgently pushed my head downward to her overheated pussy. A continuous uttering of erotic sounds was heard as I kissed my way down her flat firm belly.

"Please eat me?" she whispered in a raspy tone

Anxiously her hips rose off my desk upwards toward my face once I reached her treasure. She squealed with delight when I kissed her pussy lips and flicked my tongue at her clit peeking out of its protective hood. She entwined her fingers in my hair and pressed my face hard against her pussy.

"Oh yes, right there, you do that so well. Eat my pussy!"

She was sopping wet when I licked up and down the length of her slit. I loved to eat her as she had an enticing sweet tasting pussy. I probed her deeply and forcefully with my tongue making her tremble with pleasure. Her whimpering and moaning where now sounds of ecstasy. My mouth clamped down on her puffy, pink labia while my tongue tickled and circled her clit. Within minutes, my mouth and chin were coated with her sweet nectar as I continued to devour her womanhood.

Cathleen's hips moved in rhythm against my mouth and tongue, as is she was fucking me. I resumed my finger fucking action and added one to her anus which sent her reeling. She uninhibitedly fucked my face, grinding her pussy and anus against my fingers and trying to get my face deep inside her pussy. Her body went into spasm in the first of multiple climaxes as she experienced one orgasm after another. She was insatiable and had a very high tolerance and continued relentlessly to fuck my face.

My rejuvenated cock had sprung back to life and I was now determined to fuck her pussy or her ass or both. I pulled myself away from her succulent pussy just as she finished yet another orgasm. Upon seeing my erection she dropped to her knees in front of me and sucked on it with the intention of getting me off again. It took only seconds of her oral expertise to bring me to the edge but I wanted her hot pussy. 

I pulled her up to her feet and bent her over my desk. Her glorious ass stared invitingly back at me and I was tempted to drive my rod into her divine bottom. However, the lube was not handy and I was anxious to get off in her. Cathleen glanced over her shoulder awaiting my cock and I didn't disappoint. I rubbed my cock all over the entrance of her golden treasure then plunged the head inside her. Because of my thickness she seemed so tight I had to wriggle it in inch by inch. 

Both of us savored the silky wet penetration as I slowly moved in and out of her. My cock seemed to get thicker while inside her stretching the walls of her womb. Her pussy contracted and held my intrusive cock. Steadily I increased my pace with my hands holding her lovely buttocks her as I relentlessly plugged her pleasurable hole. Cathleen whimpered with every ball slapping thrust, holding on to edge of my desk for support. The smell of hot adulterated sex filled our nostrils as I furiously fucked her hot pussy. With her encouraging me to give her my seed, I pulled out of her sucking pussy just before I ejaculated. My cock spurted long strings of hot semen all over her back and ass before. I wiped my dick on her curvy bottom squeezing out the last drops. 

I moved around to my desk and took out a roll of paper towels. After wiping off my cock, I wiped the semen from her lovely skin. I pulled up my pants and underwear and redressed as she gathered up her clothes to get dressed. She left my office and went to the ladies room to freshen up before she left the building. When she returned to my office she looked as she did before our coupling and she smelled sweet with a trace of perfume. 

"Any special plans this weekend?" she asked.

"Not until Sunday and Monday. Terri is flying home Sunday and we have a cookout to go to at her parent's house. We'll watch the fireworks on Monday night. What about you any plans?"

"Jerry and I are going to a party tonight and fireworks Monday but I don't know about Saturday and Sunday."

"It's supposed to rain tomorrow and I'm thinking about coming in the office and get caught up on a few things. It should be quiet as I don't expect anyone to be here."

"Don't work too hard. I'll see you Tuesday."

"Okay Cathleen, have a good holiday."

She left my office and I sat back in my chair thinking about how fortunate I was to have an assistant like her. She was a very capable and trustworthy employee but she was also the best sex partner I ever had. She loved to suck cock and get fucked but was what was really special was that she loved anal sex. I loved to fuck her beautiful, round shapely ass. No one had a clue that our affair had been going on for two years. Cathleen was attractive but not beautiful. Most people who knew me never thought that she was the kind I would sleep with as most of my girlfriends had been knockouts. My current squeeze Terri was a pretty brunette flight attendant. Cathleen and I had a special connection and we had great sex together. I finally left the office and went straight home. There was no need for me to stop for a drink and check out the pussy as I was set for the night. 

SATURDAY SURPRISE

When I woke up Saturday morning I felt great. I was well rested and sexually satisfied from the previous day with Cathleen. It was raining as predicted so I stuck with my plans to go into the office and get some things done. First though, I decided to treat myself to breakfast at my favorite coffee shop. They made great lattes there and delicious breakfast sandwiches.

It was nearly 10:00 AM when I arrived at the office and as expected I was the only one there. As I went about dealing with some routine boring tasks my mind wandered and I thought about Cathleen and how fortunate I was to have her for my assistant. It was the best thing going and only she and I knew how intimate we were together. Just then my phone rang and at first I thought it may be Terri who may have tried to call me at the house first. I was surprised to hear Cathleen's voice.

"Good morning, I'm right outside, can you let me in?"

"Sure, I'll be right there."

I hurried to the front door, unlocked it and let her in. "This is a surprise," I said.

"It's my husband Jerry. That bastard didn't come home last night."

"That's happening more frequently these days."

"It is and it's that crowd he hangs out with, they're always drinking and doing coke. I know he's banging that chubby cunt in his office too."

"That is really stupid especially when he has a super fine piece of ass at home."

"I can't believe it; she is chubby, dumpy and not very pretty."

"I'm sure that the booze and drugs cloud his judgment."

"Do you want some coffee? I'll make it for us."

"Sure, if I knew you were coming I would have brought you a latte."

"I decided at the last minute. I just had to get out of the house."

She turned to go to the coffee area and I took in the shape of her lovely ass. She was wearing tight slacks and a halter top with no bra as she didn't need one. As I ogled the curves of her buttocks, I felt that familiar tingling in my loins. Today would be the perfect day to fuck that irresistible bottom.

She returned minutes later with two cups of coffee and sat in my office. "Anything, I can do," she offered.

"No, I just have to read through this stuff and organize it, but thanks!

"As soon as you are done, I want to suck your cock."

I smiled at her and responded, "Talk about an incentive to get my work done."

We drank our coffees and I patiently finished my admin work. I sat back in the chair and smiled at her. She knew I was ready and I knew that she was more than ready. She got up from the chair and locked my office door. Once again she removed the door brace from the closet and placed it under the door knob. 

"I know that we are alone in the building but there's no sense in taking chances."

I nodded my agreement and stood up. She knelt in front of me, unbuckled my belt, unzipped my fly and unfastened my slacks. She pulled my slacks and boxers down to my knees and allowed my semi-erect cock to pop out in front of her face. She took a hold of my member and it immediately hardened in her hand. She stroked it slowly until I my nearly 8" pecker was fully erect.

"I'm going to suck your cock now," she said in a sexy voice. 

"Wonderful, I want to feel it in that warm mouth of yours".

She licked up and down and sucked the pre-cum from the end of my cock that had leaked out. Slowly she took me into her mouth going deeper and deeper, until I touched the back of her mouth. She loved to do that.

"I love it when you do that that."

She continued to take me as deep into her mouth as she could, before withdrawing and licking my cock all over. She certainly knew how to suck a cock and I never had better blow jobs in my life.

"You know that I'm going to cum soon if you keep doing that," I cautioned. 

She backed off, took off all her clothes except her panties and lay down on the floor. Seeing this I too stripped naked and joined her. Kneeling down between her legs again I grabbed her panties and slowly worked them down and off her legs. I could see her outer lips were glistening with her juice. She was obviously very turned on too.

I moved down to her pussy and pulled the lips apart and ran a finger up and down her slit stroking her clit lightly. Moving my head down, I closed in on her pussy and took a long hard lick of her slit and clit. She grabbed the back of my head and pushed it into her pussy and ground herself into my face. 

"Fuck that feels so good. Eat my pussy, make me cum."

"Your pussy tastes special today; I want you to cum for me."

"I douched it with a special solution just for you." 

Cathleen continued to coo and moan at my actions and I felt her body go rigid.

"I'm going to cum, here it is. Stay with me," she screamed pulling my head hard into her pussy.

As she gradually recovered from her first orgasm, I slowly moved up her body. I licked and sucked her tiny boobs on the way as I positioned myself to fuck her.

"Fuck me, but don't cum inside me, at least not yet."

I slid my cock up and down the outside of her pussy. She yelled for me to stop teasing her and put it in. I aimed for her hole and pushed in slowly feeling the head part her lips and make its way inside. I kept moving in a slow movement until I was fully buried within her. She felt so good like warm silk. I loved being in her. Once I hit bottom we both moaned softly and paused briefly. 

I told her how good she felt. Cathleen didn't reply, she had her eyes closed but was squeezing my cock with her pussy. I pulled back out and slowly inserted myself in her again, picking up speed until I had built up a good rhythm. She had wrapped her legs around my back allowing me to go deeper into her.

I could feel that I was about to cum and warned her, but she kept her legs around my back stopping me from pulling out. Then realizing what I said she released her grip on my torso.

"Come in my mouth, I want to taste you," she said urgently. 

I crawled up her body and held my cock above her face. She guided it to her mouth. I pushed my cock into her warm mouth until I hit that back of her throat again and held it there as I ejaculated. Cathleen moaned keeping a tight grip with her mouth on my cock and greedily swallowed it all without spilling any, sucking out the remaining sperm before releasing me.

I got up and sat back in my chair with my dick still hard. Cathleen got up and straddled me, squashing her little tits into my face and rubbing her pussy over my shiny cock. She leaned down and we kissed lightly, I could taste my sperm on her lips, but I didn't care. 

"That was great, but I want you to eat me out again and play with my ass."

I cleared the papers from my desk and she lay down with her pussy and ass hanging over the edge of the desk. I moved close to her and placed two fingers into her sloppy wet pussy.

"You like that don't you?"

"Yes, finger me, eat me. Make me cum all over your hands and face."

I went to work on her pussy again using fingers and my mouth, her juices were running out of her pussy and down over her anus. I smiled to myself and pushed my naturally lubricated thumb into her tight ass right to the first knuckle. 

"Oh I love that but use some cream." 

In my desk I kept a tube of cream and paper towels so I retrieved them both. I opened the tube of cream and squirted a good amount into her nether hole. 

"Oh wow, that's a little cold," she giggled.

Using a finger I spread the cream around the inside and outside of her anus. She was squirming around on the desk as I fingered her pussy and ass simultaneously. 

I felt her pussy and ass clamp down on my fingers and she screamed as another orgasm rocked her body. My cock in the meantime was still rock hard so I stood up between her legs and rubbed it over her pussy and clit as she came down from her orgasm. Cathleen looked into my eyes and guided my cock to her pussy. 

"Fuck me, this time do it hard. Keep it in touch with my clit and I know you'll make me cum again."

She used her legs to pull me towards herself spearing her pussy on my cock. She dropped her legs to floor but I grabbed them and lifted her feet over my shoulders and started to pound into her pussy hard. After a while I slowed my movements, pulling my cock out of her pussy and rubbing it over her clit. Cathleen reached down between her legs, held my cock in her hand and guided to her ass.
