 I had known Dianne since she was 10. We kind of grew up together, our parents being part of a big extended family group that got together regularly. She was a few years younger than me, and we had never been close enough for anything to happen really. One afternoon years ago, I remember being at her parents place having a swim. She must have been eighteen and I was 20 or so. We wrestled playfully in the pool, the kind of wrestle that was way more than just friendly. As we tried to grab each other to dunk one another, hands on both sides drifted and lingered far longer on parts of the other person's body that would otherwise have been totally unacceptable. It was then that I realised how hot she was. Dianne was a busty, fun loving blonde who got more and more outrageous as she got older, and she loved to party.

God it seems like a dream now. Looking back it is hard to believe that it really happened. It was New Year's Eve in Brisbane, Australia. It was hot and everyone at the party was having a great time. Dianne's husband was away in another state on business, and it was obvious from the early part of the night that this was going to be a good one. The drinks were flowing and everyone suddenly invaded the pool when someone yelled "Cannonball!" Before I know it everyone who wasn't already in their swimming costumes was jumping in anyway, fully clothed! There were drunken bodies everywhere and people were really enjoying the party.

Someone suggested that the guy and girls should swap swimming costumes, and before long guys were wearing bikinis and onesies, and girls were basically topless wearing board shorts and speedos. I swam towards Dianne and more or less started to undress her, taking her blue one piece off her shoulders and pulling it off her body over her protests. Once I had it off her I handed her my speedos as compensation. She begrudgingly put them on as I circled her admiring her beautiful body and large full tits floating in the water.

We were being fed drinks from friends and we continued to swim and drink. As night went on we found ourselves together with me holding her around her waist, her legs wrapped around my waist and her arms around my neck. My heart raced.

The pool began to clear. The others returned to the seats around the pool and inside the house and Dianne and I found ourselves alone in the pool. She asked for her costume back, and I asked for mine. We both got naked, and before she could think about it, I grabbed my suit and hers and flung both costumes over the pool fence as far as possible. Dianne didn't even look where they landed. I moved towards her and swam around her, cupping her breasts and kissing her neck as she lay back in my arms. Fuck she was sexy. He big breasts bobbed in the water, and I whispered to her "Do you know how long I'd waited to be naked with you?" She smiled at me. She just smiled and leaned back into me as I played with her body and kissed her neck.

"I know," she said "let's play a game of Truth or Dare" she said. My heart was pounding.

"OK, you go first" I replied.

"Truth or dare" she asked me. 

"Truth!" I answered. I could hear my heart beating in my ears.

"Have you ever wanted to fuck me?" she blurted out. 

"Yes!" I replied. I could hardly speak I was so excited. This naked beauty was asking me if I ever fantasized about fucking her.

"OK Dianne, Truth or Dare" I asked her. 

"Truth" she said.

"What is your greatest sexual fantasy?" I asked her. 

"I want to be fucked in the ass by your brother, while you are fucking my pussy!' God I almost ate my heart. I had to do a lap of the pool as the tension was killing me. My erection acted like a rudder as I tried vainly to overcome my excitement. She was doing the same, trying to swim the tension out of her body.

She asked again "Truth or Dare?" I gulped. 

"Dare!" I replied.

"Finger me!" Holy crap! My head was about to explode! I swam towards her and kissed her. My hands took their time moving from her face to her pussy. I traced her shoulders and her breasts, feeling the hard nipples while I kissed her. My hands travelled over her tummy, and over a light patch of blond pubic hair to her wet pussy. I didn't want to rush, so I kissed her deeply as I found her clit, and circled it over and over. Every so often I would trace her lips with my finger feeling for her warm wet slit. I kissed her and felt my way inside her. She let out a little moan and opened her legs slightly to signal she approved of my efforts. God, I was in heaven! My middle finger slowly entered her vagina until my knuckles bottomed out. I traced her clit all the while with my thumb, and began to fuck her with my fingers with a steady rhythm. She was wet and hot, and she panted on my shoulder as I continued a paced finger-fuck. We were both getting off on this.

I pulled out. Between my own panting I asked her "Truth or Dare?" 

"Dare."

I swallowed hard. "Get me hard..."

She reached for me and kissed me, snaking her tongue down my throat. Her hand caught my cock and her touch was firm and knowing. She began to masturbate me and soon I was hard as a rock. Her experienced hands knew how to touch a cock, and I was on the verge of cumming after a few minutes of kissing her and getting such a wonderful hand job.

I had to take another naked lap of the pool. When I got back to her, she asked me "Truth or Dare". 

"Dare" I replied. There was only one way this could go.

She leaned into me and whispered into my ear, "Fuck me." Took her hand, and swam with her to the pool steps, sat her on the edge of the pool, spread her legs, kissed her, and sank my throbbing cock deep into the hot wet slit. 

We both groaned with pleasure as we watched my hot cock disappear into her saturated cunt. Her pussy contracted hard on me, and she moaned as I began to fuck her, slowly at first, and then with more force and passion. She wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck and I learned forward to pile-drive her pussy. She came quickly, her hungry young pussy contracting hard on me and she let out a groan. I was too close to orgasm to hold back and felt the pulse and heat of my cock as it expanded just before ejaculated. She groaned again as the heat of my cock coursed through her. I felt my balls tighten and then cum start pumping deep and high into her. God it was hot. She convulsed again and came hard on my pulsing cock. 

I lay on top of her for a while, quite exhausted and kissed her. Then we heard applause from the other guests, who had watched much of the goings on from the sidelines.

I smiled at her, and we laughed together. Later that night, she would give me and my wife lessons on how to masturbate! But that is another story.