 Truth or Dare, Part 1

Wednesday evenings had become Truth or Dare night for Mercedes and her girl friends, Sheena and Ella. Originally started as a way of breaking up the long week of college classes, the girls were upping the ante when it came to the dares they challenged each other to, and the truths they demanded be spilled. Previously, Mercedes had been challenged to provide explicit detail of her sexual encounters to date. Yet, the girls were sorely disappointed when she admitted still being a virgin, to which the girls teased her relentlessly. Sheena, the more brash of the three, promised Mercedes this would all to soon be addressed. 

As Wednesday rolled around Mercedes got drinks and snacks read for her friends arrival. After some gossiping and complaining about classes, the game was on. 

"Mercedes, I dare you to fuck Professor Richards," Sheena challenged. 

"Sheena!" Ella exclaimed. 

"What? How is that even allowed to be a dare?" Mercedes questioned.

"Well, we've all seen how he looks at you...eyeing you up and down. Looking at your legs, your perfect tits," sighed Ella, as her eyes roamed over Mercedes' body. 

"It's easy enough to let him get in your pants, half of the professors fuck students. Surely you knew that?" Sheena said, the gleam in her eyes suggesting she had firsthand knowledge. 

"Go to him for some extra help and let your tits hang out of your top, I bet that would have him begging," Ella giggled. 

"It would be easy to seduce him. Drop something in front of him, bend over while wearing one of your short skirts and let him see your ass and pussy. You know he'd love that, hell, I wouldn't mind either," teased Sheena. 

Mercedes was quiet as she thought about it. She often fantasized about Professor Richards' strong, powerful hands. His muscular body pressed against hers. During class she could see the bulge of his large cock, covered in his professional attire, as he paced the front of the room. 

"Ok, I'll do it." 

 *****

Thursday after Class

***** *****

Monday Evening

*****