 *All fantasy, did not occur in real life! :) We continue after the therapist admits his sexual feelings for his patient... Thanks to RedBottom1632 for edits!*

*****

Neil stopped and closed his eyes. He let out a slow and shaky breath as he took off his glasses. Now he looked towards the floor as the gravity of what he said settled.

"Tiffany, I am so exhausted. Karen is in the hospital again. Last night is the first night I've slept in four days. She's had the fall that we dreaded and frankly, she won't be able to come home. Every month her mind seems to slip a little more and... Disease has taken her from me. Obviously, we were aware this day would come, but so soon? I suppose it didn't; we have had thirty years together."

My mouth went slack. Truthfully, over our years as patient and therapist, he probably revealed more than he should have about his personal life. Boundaries were crossed, but I made the progress I needed to. It didn't interfere with my treatment on the surface, so we left the elephant in the room for months. Some weeks I could tell were tougher than others for him. Blacker coffee, along with blacker bags under his eyes. I adored when I could make him smile or laugh as it showed his perfect smile he'd worked hard for. We knew about each other's orthodontia treatment - that's pretty intimate. 

"No, I.. I'm so sorry. I should not have said any of that. Look --"

"Do you even want to have a fucking conversation?" I hissed.

"Of course, honey --"

"Don't fucking call me honey."

Neil stayed silent after that, head in his hands, clearly ashamed of his honesty. Truthfully, he was picturing himself in jail after he was obviously reported as the vile man he was to the proper authorities by this poor young woman. His wife was going to die alone because he had momentarily let his guard down against this homewrecker. 

~

No, no, he couldn't be that harsh. This is his responsibility, his fault, and he will handle it as a man.

~

I should have been sensitive to his own hurt, but I was selfish. Or manipulated, groomed... No. I wanted what I needed and he was happy to gratify. It transpired so quickly I can't even recall who made the first move. He ended up on the couch I sat on and I buried my head into his oxford. Neil was just a touch taller than myself but it didn't matter as he wrapped his arms instinctively and protectively around me. Suddenly, the reality of our closeness set in. I heard him breathe deeply and sigh.

"Tiffany... I've wondered what your hair would smell like since I met you and I can die a happy man. Christ, your husband gets to sleep next to you and touch you any fucking way he wants - I've waited years." 

He spoke this as he grasped a handful of hair, securing my head across his chest. Gaining some courage, I glanced up and saw the age in his face momentarily as it was swept with heart ache. As my gaze dropped, I realized it was his left hand entwined in my hair and he was studying his wedding band.

What he said next took my breath away.

"You know I love how you look. You're gorgeous, you're wonderful, you're loving. You're everything inside and... Out. Yet you sell yourself so short. I want to make you feel beautiful."

With that, Neil tilted his head and planted a gentle kiss across my lips. 

And I pulled away - that was my first reaction. Pulling away from the most comfortable embrace I'd ever encountered. Silently, we looked at each other. He then began to apologize profusely and I could not even hear the pleas he made.

"Neil, stop. Just stop," I begged.

Of course, he quickly sat still and silent. I needed to think thoroughly about what was going to happen next between us as this couldn't possibly occur. As many times as I had fantasized about blowing him on my knees while he leaned back in his chair, I couldn't bring myself to suggest that. As many times as I'd fantasized about him undressing me, I couldn't let him. I couldn't go through with this. The whole situation felt vaguely incestuous. 

Due to my home life, I grew up quickly and moved as soon as I was legally able to and graduated a semester early - consequently a month after my eighteenth birthday and then that spring semester real life hit me full on. Working two jobs now, living in a shitty apartment, and going to nursing school full time. I whored myself a little on the side because that is what I had to do after I quit one job out of exhaustion. Easy money that helped with bills and helped me to pay for my tattoos, I suppose. 

After six months of this, I cracked. Near the end of my rope (literally) I found Neil. He was the first man to not raise his voice to me and to listen. Carefully, he earned my trust and desperately worked to save my life. He was successful. Countless hours of patient explanation and exploration made me the secure woman that I can proudly call myself today. We worked so well together and I respected him, admired him. I recovered quickly and after a solid two years of weekly therapy I finally had made myself whole, even after the incurring the new trauma of a sexual assault. I had developed a personal strength I never imagined I could possess. Around this time, I began to wonder why he still scheduled me weekly. We started talking more during sessions. We talked about our dogs, our significant others... I made sure to send him a picture of myself on my wedding day. 

He revealed details that, looking back, may have crossed boundaries. I became aware of his wife's surgeries, his own physical and mental health struggles. Neil empathized, which made me vulnerable. I noticed myself testing him by giving more and more detailed accounts of my sexcapades, throughout which he'd shift uncomfortably. Deep down we knew the line we walked so subtly together.

Today was the culmination of years of pent up sexual tension and a mistake. I broke the lull by standing abruptly. Neil sat below me, eyes wide, and at my mercy. In that moment, I could have slapped him across the face and not been in the wrong. Instead, I leaned forward, as if to meet his lips, but turned my face to the right so my mouth was level with his ear.

"You have my number. Use it."

Mistakenly proud of my assertive nature, I walked out of his office and down the steps of the small building to my car. I glanced back; he hadn't followed. That man had once joked that "a lot of things we might not blink an eye at, a lot of people would probably feel is pretty taboo" when discussing the lack of my partner's adventurous nature. I desperately wanted to realize the full breadth of his statement. My pussy was on fire and tingling from my clit to cervix - I had recently discussed my love of my birth control, that semi-permanent implant in your arm. Obviously, this has come up due to the discussing my own desire (or lack thereof) to have children. Though my body is ready to be bred, and aches to be at times, I am careful to ensure that doesn't happen.

I suppose monogamy has its perks.

I got to my car and locked the doors. What have I done, what have I done? Frankly, I don't remember the drive home and thankfully my husband was at the office coinciding with my midmorning appointment. Ignoring my dogs' excitement at my arrival, I rushed to the master bedroom upstairs and locked the door, breathless. 

Why did I do that? I never do that. 

I slipped off my top and peeled my leggings from my body. To my horror there was a damp spot on the cotton between the legs that could have been easily be seen by Neil. My body had betrayed me and he knew. There was now no more guessing about my intentions. I wanted him to use my body. Roughly. Lust filled my heart. I slipped underneath the covers and closed my eyes. Within seconds I wiggled off my panties and began rubbing my clit, already slick with the juices of my cunt. This satisfied my urges briefly, but I grew frustrated - I wanted to be filled. With desperation, I rolled over to search my bedside stand's drawers for something to fuck myself with. AHA! I had left a moderately sized dildo in my drawer, thank god. 

As I settled in our soft bed, I guided the head of the cock into me. A moan escaped my lips as its girth stretched me and my toes curled when the head reached my g-spot. Slowly, I stroked it in and out. Before I knew it, I was breathing heavily, panting. God bless my female anatomy. Multiorgasmic doesn't even begin to describe me. Maybe that contributes to my insatiable nature? 

FUCK.

Just the image of my hand pressed against his chest flashing through my mind was enough to take me to nirvana. 

"NEIL," I hissed.

I shook, tensed, and released. Trembling, I closed my eyes as I tried to relax. As the dildo left me, I shuddered. As if on cue, my phone buzzed twice on top of my dresser. I knew I had to face what had happened with him now. Slowly, I rose and walked, accepting my fate.

"I'm free for you, Tiffany, right now."

An address was attached and a quick search revealed what I suspected. It was his colorful old Victorian home he'd mentioned so many times before. My hands shook as I responded, "Thank you, leaving soon."

I went to the bathroom and freshened my makeup. Blush wasn't necessary as I was rosy from my post orgasmic bliss. I misted myself with a floral perfume - I wanted to engage all his senses. Returning to the bedroom, I neglected to replace my panties. I slipped on a comfy cotton romper that clung to my round hips perfectly. Plenty of stretch to be moved to the side, or removed completely in a moment. It was brisk out, so I added a light floor length cardigan. I placed a gold necklace around my neck in such a manner as to draw his eyes to my cleavage and a pair of pearls in my ears.

Fucking irresistible. 

My breasts hung heavily in my unlined bra. The faintest outline of my hardened nipples was visible. I hurried downstairs and grabbed a pair of shoes matching my brown leather bag. Keys, wallet, and phone were present, but no self-respect was found. I found the directions to his house that he'd sent and started driving. The warm noon sun soothed the goosebumps along my parted thighs. Within what felt like seconds, I turned onto a quiet residential street.

"Destination ahead on the left," my phone chirped.

Sure enough, his bright house came into sight and I made a turn into his driveway. I recognized his car from outside his office. What am I doing? The answer to my thought was standing before my eyes, arms crossed, pacing on his porch. 

"Come in quickly. I honestly don't know the last time we've had someone over and I don't want the neighbors calling Karen," he pleaded.

I shut my car door with my hip and I heard his own dog start yapping. Hurriedly, I joined him in his foyer, walking through the door he'd opened for me without hesitation. I walked a few steps in front of him and he quickly caught up; I felt his hands on my shoulders, slipping my purse off my shoulder.

"Here, let me help you," he said quietly. 

I loved his tender touch. After he'd set my purse down, he placed both hands on my shoulders as he still stood behind me. His fingertips ran down my arms as he stepped closer. I stared forward and saw the beautiful colors the stained glass above the door cast on the home's wooden floor. I felt him slide his hands around my waist and he seemed to press himself against me.

I felt the unmistakable pressure of a man's hot, hard cock and I reacted like a bitch in heat. I turned and kissed Neil deeper than I had any other man. As I did this, I reached down to stroke him and was rewarded with a twitching member in my hand and the hot breath of my soon to be lover on my neck in between furiously kissing. 

And there, in the foyer of my therapist's personal home, I dropped to my knees, cardigan spilling around me. I kissed his length through his slacks and worked the zipper down. I couldn't satisfactorily reach Neil's cock, so I unbuttoned his pants after undoing his black leather belt. I paused and looked up to him. He'd been gazing upwards with his eyelids fluttering, but looked to me when I stopped fussing with him.

Neil's hands had been resting at his side, but in an instant, his right hand grabbed a number of my curly locks of hair. His expression changed. My head was held in place by his strong grip and he tilted my head back, bending my neck uncomfortably, causing my weight to shift and thighs to part to steady myself. 

"You little slut. I sat idly while you teased me for too long. I should have given you your wish a while ago. You were always so provocative. Even when we first started working together. I'm proud of you though. You ignored your tight pussy's needs in favor of your mental health, I get it. I've been at this job for just about twenty years and don't think I didn't know what you were doing. Do you truly think you're that unique, Tiffany? You want me because I am the only one that didn't violate you or hurt you."

I remembered all the times I had tormented Neil with stories of my womanhood. I suppose I forgot he was a man. Continuously, I tested him and he'd never given in, but suddenly, I was his. This isn't what I wanted! I wanted the power, I wanted the control. 

"But I will now. I assure you."

Was that a threat?

Neil took his cock out with his left hand as he still held my head securely. I instinctively averted my eyes and had trouble looking at it.

"This is what you wanted, though, isn't it?"

"Please, yes," I groaned. 

I glanced up and saw the smile spreading across his face. In this moment, the only thing I wanted to do was please this man before me. He loosened his grip and I took that opportunity to run my tongue along his length - he shuddered. I leaned forward and grasped and jerked. His knees went weak and his hand fell out of my hair. At this point I parted my lips and took the head of his cock into my warm, waiting mouth. I knew exactly what to do. When he reached the back of my throat, I gagged. He was thicker than I was used to, but I kept bobbing in earnest. Drool saturated top of his boxers.

"Stop! Tiffany, fuck," he moaned, "I won't last like that."

So, I slowed and stood, kissing him on the cheek. I begged him to take me to bed and to my delight he immediately obliged.

"Follow me," he said tersely.

Drawing room, living room, and up the curved staircase to the second floor. Elaborate glasswork in the niches caught my eye. He's hand-painted some of those pieces - a jack of all trades. Neil's just ideal, he's perfection and he wants me. I must be worth something if he needs me so badly... Into his master suite, I was led. Revealed to me was an elaborate bedroom, which held a plus king sized bed atop a four post bedframe. Oak woodwork throughout, the frame, dresser, and nightstands matching. 

"Take off everything but your sweater, my love," Neil seemed to mock from behind me.

I did as I was told. Briefly, my entire body was exposed, but after a quick up and down punctuated with a smirk, he told me to put my sweater back on. He motioned for me to lay back on the bed and I submitted. In vain, I attempted to cover my tits that were spilling from the thin cotton layer. Neil stepped between my knees which overhung the edge of the bed just enough to do so. He rubbed his cock through his pants as he traced his fingers around my bare white thighs.

"Please, please... Neil, touch me harder," I begged.

"Like this," he said as my thighs felt the sting of his slaps, "You whore."

The sharp pain made me tense and yelp, like the bitch I am. Though, with each connection of his hand to my reddened thighs, I grew wetter. Yelps turned to moans. I wanted to close my legs, but Neil kept them open, admiring the swollen, wet cunt beneath him. He ran his right fingers further up my thighs and across the mound of my pussy. His index and middle fingers traced the outer lips methodically, up and down. Now, he had no problem keeping my legs open. All I could think of were his fingers penetrating me. 

And oh, he surely did.

First, Neil slipped his thumb into me. He rubbed downwards, finding and massaging my g-spot. I curled my toes and refused to writhe. Sensing my frustration and wanting to further it, he then withdrew his thumb. It was covered with my thin, wet, natural lubrication. He held it out long enough to humiliate me, but then, to my surprise, he slipped his thumb into his mouth and sucked. He sucked my juices off of his thumb, oh god, no. I was becoming more flushed as he aroused and shamed me.

"Scoot up," he ordered me.

Into the depths of his bed I settled. He unbuttoned his oxford and threw off his undershirt. Next came his boxers and slacks. To my excitement, he had retrieved his belt before facing me. He set it next to my head and stabilized himself between my willing thighs. He planted kisses all about my lower half, navel to knee. His excitement was too much to bear and after leaning in to thoroughly inhale me, Neil ate me. 

As soon as his lips and tongue began to work my clit, I came, screaming. Allowing me a moment to relax, he slowed the assault on my clit and moved his tongue downwards as he lapped at my juices. 

My body continued to writhe underneath him and my fingertips dug into Neil's smooth scalp as I begged for more. Happily, he obliged. I closed my legs around his head and could feel the hairs of his beard rubbing the insides of my thighs. 

When I thought I couldn't stand it anymore, Neil rose up and devoured my mouth. I happily greeted his tongue with my own. I wrapped my arms around his chest as he ground his hardened cock on my thigh. 

"I want to fuck you," my lover said as he grasped my head, "I want you to scream as loudly as you must to take me."

With that, Neil spread my legs adequately, 

"I am going to make you feel incredible," Neil promised. 

His self-control was exemplary and he positioned his fat cock at the opening of my waiting, young pussy. I thrust my hips up to him, hoping to hasten my penetration. Once he was properly slick with my juices at the tip, he thrust into me, and we both gasped at the sensation. He tried to meet my eyes, but I could only do so briefly. 

"You little slut, you little goddamned slut," he moaned, "You needed this so badly, didn't you?"

As Neil's cock pounded me in missionary, he leaned to his left and brought his right hand to wrap around my throat. He squeezed the sides of my neck attempting to, and succeeding at, cutting off the blood flow to my racing brain. I opened my mouth to scream and he let off - an explosive orgasm followed on my part. He slowed and enjoyed the sensation of my pulsing pussy around him. After a moment, he pulled his cock out of me.

"Lick me clean, love." 

In my post-orgasmic bliss, I didn't quite hear what Neil had said. He slapped my right breast, demanding my attention.

"Get on your knees... And taste yourself."

I drew myself forward and licked his cock from base to tip, tasting my tangy sweetness. He groaned and pulled my mouth onto him, making me gag. Drooling, he removed his cock from my face.

"I want to fuck you like the bitch you are - get onto all fours and stick 

your ass in the air for me."

I did as I was told and sat wantonly with my ass held in the air, close to Neil's wet cock. As I turned my head to the side, I saw a stripe of black slice through the air. Not even a second later, I felt the leather of his belt connected with the fair, full skin of my ass. His manhood twitched as I yelped in pain. But that same pain ignited such a deep-seated desire in me. 

"Count to ten!" he exclaimed in a sing-song voice. 

Two. Breath. Three. Breath. Four. Breath. Five. Breath. Six, seven eight. Scream. Nine. Moan. Ten. Cry. 

Tears of ecstasy did indeed start pouring from my eyes and I felt as if goosebumps covered my skin. 

"You pervert," I sobbed.
