 She stood at the white board with a black expo marker in her hand. The test tomorrow had her stressed out. She came straight from a presentation to the room where her math class was held. She focused on the equation in front of her and tuned out the rest of the world. 

He caught site of her through the little pane of class in the his door. He knew she would be here yet his stomach went into a whorl of butterflies when he saw her. eyes started at her feet; covered by slick black heels, he had never seen her dressed up, his stomach tightened. His eyes followed the path of her legs. The heels made them look magnificent, not that her legs were always attractive, but her dancer muscles definitely stood out. Her full round butt was covered by a solid grey skirt. He let himself wonder what was under that skirt: A thong? Lace boy shorts, that exposed the bottom of her butt? Nothing? He had to stop himself and adjust his jeans around the bulge that had formed. He continued to look at her, above the skirt a sheer black tank top sat tightly across her chest. He could see a tiny bit of black lace sticking out of the V on her neck. The light bounced off of her curly red hair, making it shine. He took a deep breath to calm himself, he was here to study. He made a small noise in his throat as not to scare her. 

She heard him and a smile spread across her face. She was hoping he would come. She saw him out of the corner of her eyes. His shirt fit tightly around his muscles, she had a weakness for muscles. She also saw the bulge he was trying to hide. Her face turned red.

"Worried about the test?" she asked with a smile. His heart melted, he loved that smile.

"Maybe a little" he replied.

She went back to concentrating, but he couldn't. She worked for a while as he admired her letting his thoughts run wild. His thoughts turned to kissing her softly. Pushing her against the wall and taking her Picking her up and placing her onto the desk and fucking her brains out, he truly couldn't decide what he wanted more. He let out a small laugh. She frowned at him; he broke her train of thought.

"What's so funny?" she asked. 

"Nothing it's just that I'm going to have take this test in a different room. If I sit next to you I will definitely fail."

She was slightly confused, and then she realized she was a distraction for him.

"Oh, I am really sorry." she said quietly "I really don't mean to distract you" He smiled at her.

"Don't be sorry, I'm not."

In that moment he decided to go for it. He stepped toward her, his right and sliding onto her hip and his left going under her curls and onto the back of her neck. He tilted her face up to meet his. As his lips touched her the marker fell out of her hand and she wrapped her arms around his neck. He pulled away from her.

"Would you like go somewhere more private?" He asked breathlessly.

Before he could finish is sentence she all but shouted 

"YES!"

He smiled, she wanted him too. 

He grabbed her hand and led her out of the building. As they reached the door it started to rain. He looked down at her hoping this evening wasn't ruined. 

She was smiling and her eyes were bright she whispered "I love the rain,"

She headed straight out of the door and into the weather. He followed her bewildered and amazed. As they reached his dorm room all he could focus on was her wet sheer tank top sticking to her lacy bra. He couldn't wait to peel it off of her.

They finally reached his room wet and giggling. He put on some music, walked over to her and started kissing her again. She slid her hand under his wet shirt and pulled it off, running her hands over his perfect pecs as she kissed his collar bone. His breath caught in his throat, she was so gentle and so perfect. He returned the favor and puled the tank top from the lace covering her hard nipples. She could feel him hard against her; she reached back and unzipped her skirt letting it fall. Standing in front of him was a beautiful wet woman in black heels, a black lacy thong, and a matching bra. It was a sweet fantasy he never thought would happen. 

She kicked off her heels as he took off his wet jeans. She pushed him down onto his bed crawling up to straddle his lap. She sat down with her thong meeting his bulge. She pushed down against him and let out a little moan. He couldn't take it anymore. He ripped her bra off took one nipple in his mouth and sucked hard. He lowered her down onto the bed as he moved to the other nipple. Before she knew it he was kissing down her body, and removing her thong. She was so surprised she grabbed his head. 

"Umm, are you about to do what I think you are?" she asked quickly. He frowned at her.

"Do you not want me to?"

"No! No! I do, I just umm," Her voice trailed of her face turned red. "No one has ever done this to you before?" He asked. She shook her head. He smiled.

"Just relax hun, I promise you will love it"

With that he slides his tongue between her lips. She was amazed at the feeling. As he continued he caressed her softly feeling her writhe from the pleasure. He circled and played until he could feel her getting close to a climax. He kissed back up her body and slowly put one finger inside of her. She nearly jumped off of the bed as she moaned. Two fingers fit tightly, he knew she wasn't a virgin but he was definitely a little big for her. After a few minutes of wonderful torturer she grabbed his hand and to his surprise put his fingers in her mouth to taste her own pleasure. 

"Your turn." she said pushing him into a sitting position. She lay across his lap and kissed the head of his cock. No one ever ate her out, but she was a pro at sucking a cock, she took all of him with no trouble. He had never been with a woman without a gag reflex. His head was spinning by the time she raised her head from his lap. She smiled and whispered softly in his ear.

"I am yours do whatever you want with me"

His heart felt like it was going to explode he had no idea what to do with all of these feelings. 

As he laid her back down he said;

"Sweet-heart I don't think I am going to fit in you are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yes, just be gentle with me." she replied.

She lay back and closed her eyes completely willing to surrendering herself to him. He worked himself into her slowly and carefully. The moment he was fully inside her they both moaned loudly. She was so blissfully full; he had never been with a woman this tight. He started to move in and out of her slowly at first and then his speed picked up. Her legs wrapped around his waist and her nails scratched down his back; he loved it. He got close but stopped; he was not ready to be done with her.

"What's wrong?" she asked sounding worried. 

"Nothing, I'm just getting close."

"Oh," she said "You can go ahead and ...you know." He looked at her and put it together. She had never been eaten, but she was good at sucking, and now she was expecting to finish without an orgasm.

"Have you ever been given an orgasm before?" he asked bluntly. She shook her head no ahe had given herself a few with the help of toys but never with a man. 

"Get on top," he said, "it's your turn"

They traded spots; she was unsure of how to move. She slid down on him, her eyes wide with how different it felt. He laughed.

"Ok, now just move until you find what feels good for you."

She started pressing her hips down on him in different angles until she found the perfect combination. He grabbed her hips helping her stay on the same path. She reached up and played with her breasts squeezing her nipples. She started to moan loudly. He licked his thumb and rubbed her clit. Within three more thrusts she exploded. She let out a scream and squirted all over his dick. Fuck! He thought she's a squirter! Her head was spinning with pleasure, she realized what she had done and started to apologize. He cut her off and pulled her mouth down to his as he pounded himself deep inside of her.

"Fuck me harder" she whispered in his ear. He did as he was told until he came pulling out and covering her perfect ass with his stream. 

She collapsed on his chest; taking in the smell of his body and the heat of his chest. He rubbed her back with his finger tips and grabbed the blanket to cover them. They fell asleep together for a while. She woke when he moved under her, stretching. 

"Oh shit," she said, "We need to go study for mat."

"Well I sort of already emailed the professor to tell her you were sick and I was taking care of you." He waited for her to get mad. She lifted her head. "So does that mean we can do it again?" she asked

He instantly got hard it is going to be a good night he thought, as he bent his head down to kiss her.