 Just a warning: this is very different from my other submissions: more graphic and with a language warning. 

****************************

Sara and Mitch had been married for twenty years, and the home fires had grown pretty cold. Sara was on the verge of asking for a divorce, but Mitch was a good man, and had never done anything to wrong her. He just wasn't much of a husband anymore. He worked and brought home a paycheck, sure, but at home he was a slug, spending his time watching TV or online. Even his hobbies left her out: playing basketball with buddies two nights a week, and lifting weights in their little home gym in the morning before work. Sara had tried to show an interest in those things, but Mitch more-or-less told her to mind her own business, those things were his. She was at a loss how to bring her marriage back.

The two were a striking couple, even in their forties. Both remained fit and slim, and their faces were mostly unlined. Her friends envied Sara her sexy husband, not realizing it had been years since they had any kind of real sex life. It had happened slowly. Sex became mundane: the same foreplay (her giving head); the same position (missionary); the same outcome (mediocre orgasms.) 

For several years, Sara had been satisfying her own needs for sexual release through erotic literature and self-pleasuring. It wasn't optimum, but it worked for a while. Those activities were starting to feel pretty empty though, too. She really needed the love and appreciation of her husband, but wasn't sure she could ever get that again. At the end of her patience, she decided to try some new tactics. 

Sara found some stories on the internet that depicted highly erotic situations, and emailed one of them to Mitch. That first story he seemed to ignore, never even mentioning he had received it, and Sara worried things were too far gone. Crossing her fingers, she sent another one. 

This story told of a woman and man finding each other in a post-apocalyptic nightmare and quickly becoming dependent on each other for survival, including emotional and sexual release and reassurance. Sara liked the story for the clear lines drawn linking sexual intimacy with trust and acceptance, as well as the tender romance. She thought her husband would appreciate the graphic scenes of lusty sex.

Mitch responded to this email. His reply simply asked, "Why?"

She had another story ready to send, so she prefaced it with, "Let's try to bring back the heat." This story had a married couple who enjoyed role-playing and who tried things like anal stimulation, just to see if it was right for them, no pressure, just experimentation, but nothing was off-limits. The language they used was often filthy, and fueled the sex to new heights. Sara wanted to play that way.

When Mitch came home that evening, he wore a funny smile. He walked up to her in the kitchen and asked what he always did when he got home, 'What's for dinner?" as he gave her a peck on the cheek.

Sara sighed. "Pork roast and vegetables."

"Sounds good," Mitch replied. "I picked up something for dessert," he continued, and winked at her.

That was unusual. "What?" Sara asked, noticing the wicked little grin.

"It's a surprise," he answered, giving her a little wave over his shoulder as he started to walk away.

She wasn't sure why, but suddenly Sara felt warmth flow to her cunt, and she blushed. Mitch was still watching her as he walked away, and his smile became a laugh as he continued on to the den to flip on the news.

Sara went to get Mitch when dinner was ready, but he wasn't in the den. She called down the hall toward the bathroom, but he didn't answer. Curious, she headed for the stairs.

Mitch was trotting down the steps before she got there. "What were you doing?' she asked suspiciously.

"Nothing," he answered, taking her shoulder and turning her back toward the kitchen. He left his hand pressed to the small of her back, rubbing his fingers down her ass so lightly she wasn't even sure it was him and not her imagination. "Let's eat, I'm starved."

Mitch talked about work at dinner, and Sara watched him closely. Occasionally she saw that little grin creep across his face, but he would look up and be expressionless again. 

At one point, late in the meal, Mitch mentioned an email he had received. He hesitated strangely, so Sara looked up to find him grinning wolfishly at her. She noticed the moisture between her legs instantly. She waited for him to go on, but he stood up and walked to her. Suddenly she was cradled in his arms and they were headed for the stairs.

In their room, Sara learned what Mitch had been doing upstairs. There were rose petals scattered on the floor and table-tops, and several items on the bed, some vaguely familiar, others completely foreign. She recognized a bottle of lubricant, and what looked like a penis-shaped vibrator, as well as some hand-cuffs and soft rope, but the three pink plastic devices were a mystery.

Mitch kissed her deeply. It had been a while since he had captured her mouth so completely. His tongue caressed hers with a sensual demand she hadn't experienced since their dating days. She was buzzing with sexual energy by the time he moved his lips to her neck and started unbuttoning her blouse.

He pulled back to look at her as he peeled her blouse off her shoulders. His fingertips ran appreciatively down from her collar bones to the edges of her bra cups.

"I'd forgotten how gorgeous you are," Mitch murmured, sliding the straps from her shoulders and reaching around to unhook the strap in back. As her bra fell to the floor, her nipples were immediately seized by Mitch's mouth and hand. He sucked and rolled her nipples until she moaned.

"Gawd, that feels good," Sara breathed, lacing her fingers into Mitch's hair and pushing him into her chest gently. Opening her eyes, she noticed the items on the bed again. "What's all that?"

Mitch reluctantly pulled away from Sara's breast and glanced at the bed before trailing kisses back up her chest and neck till he was looking into her eyes. "Dessert," he said simply.

At the confused look on Sara's face, Mitch explained, "I picked up a few toys that were talked about in that last story you sent me. I thought we could spend some time experimenting," he practically growled the last few words before crushed her mouth in another deep, demanding kiss.

Sara began peeling Mitch's clothes off as fast as she could. The excitement of trying something new had her dripping wet and more than ready.

When they were both naked, Sara grabbed Mitch's hand and pulled him to the bed. He was grinning like a kid at Christmas.

"I have to know," Sara demanded eagerly, "what are those?" she asked, pointing at the three strange pink objects.

Mitch actually blushed. Sara couldn't remember the last time she'd seen Mitch blush. This was going to be fun!

"Those are rectal probes," he explained, "You start with this small one, and some lubricant, and you work the anus loose, progressing up in size" he blushed again, but continued, "You can even leave them in for a while, like go about your day with them in. From what I read, it can be really stimulating to have it in while you're around other people doing normal stuff, and of course, it prepares you for anal intercourse - if that's what you want," he hurried to say.

Sara was the one blushing now. She had always been adamantly opposed to anal intercourse in the past, but some of the stories she read now had made it seem intriguing, and she did want to dabble with it. She was surprised Mitch wanted to, but it made her happy he was.

"What do you want to try?" she asked, actually wiggling in anticipation.

Looking at the small probe in his hand, Mitch replied, "Well, I'm holding this. Let's start here."

Sara wasn't sure just what to do, but she knelt on the bed on all fours and waggled her ass at Mitch. He caressed her butt cheeks and ran a finger lightly down her crack till he brushed the tiny pucker of her anus, causing her to clench and a shiver to run up her back. She smiled encouragingly and he reached for the lubricant, dabbing it on the probe.

Sara felt some trepidation, but held perfectly still as Mitch pressed the head of the probe gently into her anus, rolling and twirling it to spread the lube, and encouraging her tight sphincter to release. The pressure increased just a little, and Sara gasped. Mitch held the probe still as he bent and ran kisses over her ass cheek. Sara leaned back slightly into the probe, and Mitch pushed just a bit, sliding the three-quarter inch diameter probe deep into her ass, popping it past her tight sphincter.

Mitch was grinning madly when Sara turned to look at him. He pulled slightly on the probe, then pressed back it in, Sara hissed at the sensation, it was so strange and erotic. Mitch looked wickedly gleeful.

"I actually tried that one earlier," he admitted, "Here, try this second one on me," he continued, handing her the inch diameter probe and crawling on the bed beside her.

She looked quizzically at him, amused that he had tried out the toy already. Sara lubricated the second probe, then started working it gently against Mitch's asshole like he had just done to her. She saw the little star pucker tightly when she first touched it, and thought it unlikely she'd get the probe in, but she pressed and twirled, and in a few seconds the tight little hole started to loosen. She began to press and release with the probe, effectively fucking her husband's asshole. It was extremely arousing, and when she got the probe a little deeper, and Mitch began to moan and rock with her ministrations, she thought she might orgasm just from watching!

She continued to fuck it in and out until he took the whole length of it with a final pop, and only the base was visible, sucked tightly up against his ass cheeks. He took a few deep breaths before sitting back on his heels, his cock huge and hard in front of him. Sara couldn't resist and bent to lick the drop of pre-cum from the tip. Mitch groaned again.

"I found sitting with the probe in was pretty intense, he mentioned vaguely, then turned and sat on the bed. He moaned and his cock twitched as he squirmed to get the probe in a good spot. 

Sara turned and sat on her ass as well, and understood what he meant. It felt full, and just a little crampy, like she needed to shit, but if she sat just right, it felt pretty good. Looking over at Mitch, he seemed to be rocking slightly. He really liked this rectal stimulation.

Suddenly, Sara knew just what to do to rock Mitch's world. She stood up and pulled him to standing in front of her. Starting at his jaw-line, she began licking and kissing, down his neck, his chest, his abdomen, and coming to rest kneeling in front of his straining cock.

She began licking the length of his shaft, then engulfed the head in her warm mouth, licking in circles and sucking gently. His moans told her he was enjoying this already, but she had more in store for him. As she took him deeper, she also reached around his back and pressed on the probe. He thrust forward into her mouth with a gasp. She pulled on the plug, popping the largest part out of his hole, then used it to fuck him while she gave head. He was screaming in orgasm in less than a minute.

After she licked him clean of his cum, she grinned up at him. "Now what do you have in mind?" she asked.

Mitch grabbed her roughly by the upper arms and tossed her on the bed. Before she knew it, he had her wrists in the cuffs around a spindle of the headboard. Her plug was pressing into her ass and rocking with every movement of the bed, drawing moans from her before Mitch even touched her. But man, when he touched her!

Starting with her breasts, Mitch teased her to the point of insanity. He sucked and rolled her nipples, tongue-fucked her belly button, then brought that wicked tongue down between her legs. He pushed her thighs apart and let out a low whistle at the slick juices pouring out of her. 

Sara brought her knees up and left them flopped limply to the sides, baring herself completely. "You like?" she asked huskily.

With a growl, Mitch dove into her pussy. He licked up her slit, never quite reaching her clit, as she squirmed and begged for more. His tongue snaked in and out of her hole, making her thrust and buck. 

"Please, lick higher! Please!" Sara begged.

Instead, Mitch took hold of the probe in her ass and began fucking it in and out like she had done to him. This only made her more crazy and she demanded, "Fuck me, dammit!"

By this time, Mitch had a full-on erection again, so he was happy to comply. At first he just rubbed the tip of his dick up and down her sopping slit, eventually running it in her hole just an inch or so, and rocking it there. She repeated, "Fuck me, now, or so help me you'll regret it!"

Mitch pulled out, and Sara screamed. He unlocked her handcuffs and quickly lay on the bed on his back, cock flying full-mast above him. Sara wasted no time, kneeling over him and impaling herself on his cock. Grinding into his pelvis, she groaned. In short order she began lifting and dropping on him, running her slit along his length slowly and deliberately, and rubbing her clit against his pubes each time. When Mitch reached around her to press at the plug, she sped up her thrusts. Quickly she was sitting full on his length and rocking her pelvis back and forth as fast as she could go.

"Yes!" She screamed as she ground her clit into Mitch's pubic bone, twitching with the extreme pleasure of her orgasm. When she was spent, she sagged off of him to the side.

"That was spectacular!" Sara panted, finger-tips brushing Mitch's cheek.

"It was, but I'm not finished yet," Mitch whispered, flipping Sara over and stroking her cunt lips gently. Sara seldom had multiple orgasms, but if Mitch was still ready to play, she certainly wasn't going to stop him.

Mitch pressed into her center, rubbing gently and working her back to a state of excitement. Then she felt the plug pulled from her body, replaced by one of Mitch's thick fingers. She tensed, but he continued to stroke her pussy and nibble her neck, so she relaxed and let him finger-fuck her ass. 

When Mitch inserted a second finger, Sara began to see where this was going. She was a little scared, but what he was doing to her felt pretty good, so she just whispered, "You'll stop if I ask, won't you?"

"Absolutely, baby! This is just exploration. No pressure," he murmured back, sinking his fingers deeper in her ass.

Sara gasped and pushed into his hand behind her. She felt full, and a bit uncomfortable, but horny as hell. Mitch pulled his fingers slowly from her body, and she felt his cock push at her back door. She told herself not to tense, that he'd stop if she asked. 

Mitch pressed into her anus and she pressed back. There was a moment of burning before the head popped through her sphincter, then just the pressure that made her feel a little like shitting. He rocked into her slowly, going a little deeper on each thrust.

Sara was panting now, her anus gripping and relaxing spastically. "Enough," she gasped, "let me get used to this."

Mitch stilled. "Do you want me to pull out?" he asked.

"No, it's fine now," Sara answered, squirming against him.

With a growl, Mitch declared, "You're killing me," and shoved the last inch of his rod deep into her ass.

"Oh" was all Sara said, as Mitch trembled at the feeling of his length held tightly in the rippling muscles of her rectum.

"Incredible!" Mitch sighed, as he tentatively rocked in and out of her asshole, "So tight."

Sara wasn't entirely sure she liked this, but she was really enjoying Mitch's reaction. She drew his hand around her to cup her breast, a gentle suggestion he give her a little attention.

He took the hint, and began pinching and twirling her nipple. Sara began to rub her own clit in time with Mitch's gently flexing hips. Her excitement was climbing right along with Mitch's

His cock began sliding in and out a little faster, but just a short distance, his breath ragged. Sara rubbed her clit, keeping herself just on the verge of climax. She felt his muscles begin to clench and let herself slide over the crest and begin to spasm around his cock.

"Oh dear gawd, Sara!" he growled as he thrust and emptied in her ass. His whole body shook with strain as he lay pressed hard into her. "That was incredible!"

"I think I said that already," Sara answered as Mitch pulled his softening cock from her body. She turned toward him and realized they were both covered in a sheen of sweat, glowing in the gentle evening light.

"How'd you like dessert?" Mitch asked, stroking her side.

"Mmmm. We should have dessert at home every night," Sara answered.