 It was the third day Id had to stand on the crowded tube when I caught the eye of the blue eyed stranger staring intently at me from the other end of the carriage. I thought once he had realised I had caught him staring he would look away but he continued to openly stare at me with hunger in his eyes. 

I could feel a flush to my face and my nipples hardened under his gaze so I shifted slightly to break the direct eye contact and when I had the courage to look again he was gone...

I looked for him for a couple of days but decided it must have been my imagination and forgot all about him and his piercing blue eyes that seemed to devour me.

The following week the tube was again packed and as the doors opened the oncoming crowd pushed me right back in to the corner of the carriage and I felt myself stagger slightly. A strong hand grabbed my elbow to steady me and as I turned to thank them I realised it was again the mystery stranger. I quickly turned away holding my breath and biting my lip praying he would not pick up the sudden beating of my heart...

As the train moved away, I felt him shift forward slightly until he was level with my ear, I could smell the scent of his heady aftershave as he whispered don't speak, don't look round, move your legs apart and bend your knees slightly. If you move or make a sound the game is over... 

The air between us was electric and as I looked around the carriage I couldn't believe no one else had noticed. I found myself doing exactly as he said and as I parted my legs felt his hand stroking the inside of my thigh, moving up until he was running his fingers firmly across my panties, pushing the material in to my now soaking pussy. I bit my lip hard to stop the gasp from escaping as he massaged my pussy not wanting him to stop. As the train pulled in to the next station he removed his hand and as he got off the train pushed a folded note in to my hand. 

As I tried to compose myself walking to the office, his note burned in my hand as I waited to reach the safety of the girl's room before reading it. I opened up the folded paper and it said...

No more panties... I'll be watching, make sure you are in the far corner...

The cheek of the man I thought as I screwed up the paper and dropped it in to the bin on my way out of the door, denying the fact the very thought of having no panties on in public was making my clit throb with anticipation. A busy day at work saw me forget the encounter with the stranger and I didn't see him again on the way home.

As I got in the shower that evening my thoughts returned to the encounter on the train and my cheeks burned as I recalled what I had allowed the stranger to do to me. As I soaped my body my hand strayed to my hardened nipples and the other found my pussy already wet and slippery from the soap, pushing my fingers inside me I gasped as I felt my orgasm already beginning to build. I moved my fingers faster now, using my thumb to massage my clit frantically and as I gave in to my orgasm I pinched my nipple hard moaning out my pleasure as the hot water cascaded over me. 

As I laid out my clothes that evening for the next day, I deliberately laid a pair of lace panties on the top of the pile as a reminder there was no way I was going to do what the stranger wanted, telling myself I was unlikely to see him again in the busy tube station but on getting dressed in the morning found myself not putting them on but instead placing them in the pocket of my suit jacket.

As I made my way to the tube station I was aware of the shortness of my skirt and the way my bare bottom moved against the material, my nerves were on overdrive and my breathing erratic as I waited on the platform, trying discretely to spot the blue eyed stranger in the thickening crowd waiting in the rush hour madness. 

As the train pulled in without thinking I pushed my way to the far corner of the carriage and turned to face the door, breath held waiting to see if the stranger would get on. As the doors closed I let out my breath and relaxed berating myself for being so silly and vowing to put my panties back on as soon as I got to the office.

As the train slowed at the next station the doors behind me opened and more people got on, I could feel someone directly behind me and with a start realised I could smell the same heady smell of aftershave from the day before. The same voice whispering in my ear don't make a sound, don't look around, there are 8 stations between here and when I get off, if you do not cum by then you will never see me again... Nod your head if you understand.

I quickly nodded my head desperate for this man to touch me unable to believe I was allowing this to happen to me. His hand again moved slowly up my thigh and I shifted slightly trying to get him to move faster. Again the voice in my ear, stand still - I obeyed quickly as his hand travelled to my bare pussy running his fingers over my already swollen pussy lips. Suddenly without warning two fingers were thrust inside my pussy and firm pressure applied to my clit, I bit down hard on my lower lip not daring to look at any of the other passengers as this stranger worked my pussy, expertly building my orgasm. As the stations went by one, then two, three he began to slow teasing me allowing my orgasm to fade before bringing me back with a jolt but always denying me that final nudge to push me over the edge.. four stations, five, six approaching the seventh, the voice in my ear again whispering, almost there are you going to cum for me, I nodded frantically not caring anymore who could see, the desperation to cum and not lose this stranger was overwhelming as his fingers continued to work their magic inside me. Past the seventh station now his fingers increased their speed, thumb hard on my clit, he whispered in my ear cum for me...

As his other arm supported me from falling I came on his fingers, my fist stopping me from crying out. As the train pulled in to the eighth station he gently lent me against the wall, pushed a note in to my hand and disappeared in to the rush hour crowd.  

When I had recovered enough to stand and get off the tube I hurried to the office not daring to think what the note may say, I made my way to the girls room and opened the note...

It said... Ill be watching.