 Jessica had grown accustomed to John screwing her in odd and somewhat open places. That's the way it had been since they first began fucking around. Since that day she was left stranded by her now ex-boyfriend and saw John Duke, C.O.O. of the company she temp with, between the rain drops of an overcast evening signalling her to come and get a lift. And what a lift it was. By the time Jessica reached home, her pussy was soaked, her panties thorn off and her tits slightly bruised from John's oral fixation. 

She had noticed him staring at her all the time and she didn't mind. After all he was the main reason she wrote her tight fitting skirts and flimsy blouses; the reason why her pants outlined the triangle between her legs that was her pussy. He also was the reason why she ran to the ladies restroom and stuck her fingers between her pussy lips, with her clit pounding and swollen from the need and lack of sex in her life. 

That ride change everything; and with his salt and pepper hair, 6' 2" frame and muscular built, John opened Jessica legs to an 8 inch cock that plunged inside her. 

"Where do you want it?"

She held her head down, still, but raised her eyes to stare at him above the rim of her glass. Jessica knew what he wanted. The bulge in his khakis told as much. And she knew she wasn't in his office sitting on his desk behind a locked door for no reason at all. This would be the their first time...doing it in his office; but the excitement she felt thinking about persons in the building close to them down the hall, let her know that this would definitely not be the last time.

"Where do I want it?" She repeated the question as she licked her lips.

"Yes," he began. John knew she wanted to taste his juices, where ever they landed. Her nipples were getting hard. He could see the hard pointed buds of erection beneath the silk white blouse she was wearing. They were pointed as if teasing his mouth to let his tongue take a taste. He started to move to her. He started again, "Yes" he repeated. "where do you want my cock; pounding inside that hole of yours, or deep within your mouth, sliding all the way down your throat." She held his gaze and never once flinched as he stared into her eyes and began unbuttoning her blouse, slowly allowing his fingers to touch the swell of her breasts. John eased his fingers under the frill that was her bra. He teased the dark skin of her tits before unhooking and taking her bra, allowing her breasts to fall from her C cups. Jessica reached out to let her hand slide over his cock but was stopped with a stern look. He spoke, "There is only one rule... for now. And that is, you are not allowed to touch me, Jessica." 

Jessica stared at him, puzzled, and he realized instantly that she was going to be disobedient. John took his tie off, placed Jessica hands behind her back and ties them. 

"Don't let me punish you any further. Now, where was I?"

Tying Jessica's hand behind her pushes her breast forward and excites John even more as he takes each hard, dark nipple between his thumb and rubs them over and over, round and round until they harden even more. He lowers his head and takes one between his lips, biting gently at first and then harder, making Jessica gasp and moan in pure pleasure. 

She liked it that way; with his teeth biting deep within her flesh. He nibbles and sucks his way past Jessica's breasts, and as he does he brings her heels up to rest flatly on the desk. Her legs are now spread eagled and her pussy stares at him, all glistening and wet with its juices spreading the sweet aroma of sex throughout the office. 

She never did like wearing underwear. 

John licked his lips, especially at the thought of licking something else within in a few minutes, "You are hot for me, aren't you?"

Jessica laughed, "Can't you tell. There's liquid fire squirting from this pussy."

John dick was getting bigger by the second as he knelt between Jessica's legs. Her throbbing clit was right before his eyes. Jessica started to take her foot, drawing her pussy closer to his face. John looked up at her, "Don't let me have to tie your ankles too."

John pushed her legs further apart and held her pussy lips wide open as he buried his mouth in her hole, pushing his tongue into her. He began licking. Up and down in broad strokes. Flicking his tongue against Jessica's clit and then pressing down hard. He sucked harder and harder as Jessica's moan got louder and louder. 

John clasped his teeth on her clit and Jessica's screamed in ecstasy. John stood up and unzipped his pants while clutching Jessica's breast. Her eyes widen at the size of his erection, "Is all that for me?"

John smiled as he moved his dick towards her opening, "You better believe it," he says as he slips his cock head into her entrance, but it's big enough to fill it. He watches as pleasure floods Jessica's face and flings her head backwards. Slowly he pushes his cock into her pussy, her wet pussy feeling good as he pumped in and out of her. 

Jessica cant resist the sensations sweeping her body as she flings her hips up and lifted her ass off the desk. He gasped. If she kept this up, he would cum in no time. His balls were hot and felt like they were ready to explode. He bent over and pushed her breast together taking both nipples into his mouth at once. Licking and biting her tits, he reached behind her and pull her hands. The instant he does, Jessica hands are around his back and cupping his ass, pushing him further up into her. "Fuck me harder with your big fat cock, John. Fuck hard and deep. FUCK ME HARD!!!" She screamed as her ass goes completely off the desk and her legs wrap around his ass. 

He grab her ass and push her further down his pole. She wiggled giddily. He knew she was getting hotter and that meant freakier too. 

John carried Jessica and placed her on the couch, all the while keeping his dick inside her dripping pussy. He knelt over her in the couch; pushing deeper.

"This is what you want, isn't it you slut? All of my cock up that tiny hole of yours, fucking you hard...rough and deep."

Jessica grabbed her breasts and squeezed her nipples biting her lips, "Take your dick out my pussy, John. Take it out and push it in my mouth. NOW!" 

He didn't need a second request. He popped his dick out and he heard the loud suction of her pussy right before he plunged it into her mouth. Jessica raised her head and sucked liked a baby on a nipple. 

She flicked her pointed tongue over his oozing dick head. The pre cum was salty, but nice. 

She wrapped her lips around him and pushed her mouth over his cock, covering all 8 inches. 

John lost it completely and warned her that he was about to explode, but it was too late. His juices hit the back of her throat and filled her mouth. 

Cum oozed down her lips and onto her chin. 

That is when they heard the loud thud. John and Jessica looked up and saw John's secretary half naked from the waist down fondling herself. The main door was close but the adjoining door to her office was left open and she had opened the door and viewed the whole thing. Unable to stand it anymore she stripped herself and enjoyed the show while finger fucking herself. John knew from the look on her face that she was not satisfied and knew he would get one of his fantasies today. 

He knew Jessica was gamed when he looked at her smiling like a Cheshire cat and he knew they were thinking the same thing. John looked across the room and smiled, with Jessica flicking her tongue over his dick head. "Don't just stand there Joanne, close the door and come on in." 

Joanne stood, her naked ass facing her office; as she stepped across the threshold and closed the middle door, joining her office, she thought, "And to think I was going to call in sick today."