 Disclaimer: No under aged persons. No vehicles were harmed. This story involves people having consensual sex near a camp fire. Don't read it if you don't like that sort of thing.

Send me some feedback to help me improve and remember to VOTE!! It gives me a kick.

*****

It was a weekend away with a group of almost 20 friends to a farm about 2 hours west of Sydney. Out in the bush with four wheel drives, dirt bikes, alcohol and the joy of a late spring weekend in Australia.

Being very warm, we all went swimming in the nearby waterhole and enjoyed copious amounts of liquid refreshment. The boys checking out the girls and the girls checking out the boys while everyone enjoyed the weekend. I even managed to get a few quick looks down Kelly's shirt and a little more when I gallantly helped her as she was climbing down to the water hole.

Kelly was in her late teens like the rest of us, tall with great legs, a genuinely quick smile and flashing dark eyes. Nicely tanned skin, pure black hair and a friend of one of the other girls in our group. Cap that off with great tits and you have the complete package.

Being the new girl in the group and a pretty one at that, most of us were showing off a bit to get attention from her as well as the other girls. Kelly didn't seem to mind the antics and she showed enough discretion to roll her eyes at appropriate points to keep the other girls from getting jealous with her.

When Gaz started rolling a Land Rover wheel (with a big fat tyre) down the hill into the waterhole, we boys thought it was a great game and dodged and weaved away from it, followed it into the water and so on. Until one fateful roll when it bounced off a rock and veered toward the girls. I didn't think and did the dumb thing. I leaped across the track of the wheel and as I passed it, I reached out with one arm to pull it off course and away from the girls. But I gripped too hard, my hand wrapped around and then under the wheel and I went down in a screaming heap. Ok, that's just an Aussie turn of phrase. I wasn't screaming. It bloody hurt though. I'm laying in the grass after a decent sky/dirt/sky/dirt/pain type of event and I could smell the dust and dry grass as it settled on me and I'm thinking that I've really fucked up this time. Then everyone came running while I lay on the ground, holding my arm to my chest to keep it in a comfortable position. The usual cries of "Don't move him!" and "Put him in the coma position!" from the girls, while "Get up ya lazy bastard! Yer not bloody hurt!" (that was Gaz, of course) and the prize of them all was "Shit! Someone get him a beer!" from my mate Stewie. What are mates for? Anyway, I sat up with some help from Gaz and Kelly , while some of the others discussed what to do with me. Of course there was the immediate "Leave him there. Just be careful not to trip over him" and the normal banter that you'd expect from good mates. In the end I was in the back of a car with Kelly on my good side, pressing her boobs against my good arm and smoothing my hair as we headed for the hospital with Stewie at the wheel. And me sneaking peeks down Kelly's top. And she saw me looking. 

Several times.

A few hours later my right shoulder was relocated (almost as bad as the original event) along with some damage to that hand, my left hand taped and bandaged with a strain to the wrist and cuts from the crash landing, a cut chin cleaned up with only two stitches and some minor scratches. Ah well, I'll know next time to use my feet to stop a four wheel drive wheel. At one point while we were in the casualty ward, Kelly had gone to powder her nose. Stewie muttered to me as we both followed her jeans clad arse down the corridor with our eyes.

"Geez mate" he said "She took one look at you rollin' around on the grass and went all gooey. Yer won yerself a heart there. Bloody stupid way to do it, ya prick but I reckon but ya got results"

"Fuck off" I said "It was goin' to plan until Gaz rolled that bloody wheel out."

Some extra pethidine, a tetanus shot and a handful of little white pills and we were back in the car and on the way out to the shearing shed that had been made available to us to camp in. The idea was that the unattached girls could sleep in the shed while the fella's could sleep outside in swags or tents. Kelly reckoned that I was knocked about enough to be a safe bet and suggested I slept inside so the girls could look after me. I had no argument with that. A chair was found, a rum and coke set in front of me . . . and I was fucked! One arm in a sling, the other hand wrapped in a bandage and I couldn't pick up my drink. The girls (and the blokes) took turns holding the drink up to my gob but Kelly really stepped up. She sat with me and picked imaginary bits of grass out of my hair and was really good company. At the same time, she did her share of preparing food for the bbq dinner and proved a dab hand in the kitchen.

The barbie was great and I managed to struggle with a fork if someone (yep, Kelly) cut it up for me but the pethidine had worn off and the rum was cutting in, so I was sort of in a bit of a limbo of pleasure and pain. But when the idea of going down to the local pub was raised, I begged off, citing that I had earlier seen a truck tyre that I wanted to tackle tomorrow, so I needed my rest. 

Kelly decided to stay with me, citing that she'd had a big day and could keep an eye on me. This brought the expected comments of "Lucky his hands are tied" and "Watch him. He might get better all of a sudden if you get too close." and away they went on the 30 minute drive into town. 

At last Kelly and I were alone. Kelly grabbed another drink for us both, then sat beside me on a fireside log at the front of the old shed. "Feeling ok?" she asked.

I replied "Sore. Happy to have your company . . ummm. . . and the drink helps with the pain. You could have gone to the pub but I'm glad you didn't."

Kelly made a pouty look and said "Awwww, how could I leave my little soldier. Someone had to look after you. Besides, I think you're nice." That floored me. Fuck! Really? She reckons I'm nice? Everyone drooling over this hottie and she reckons I'm nice! She smiled, I picked my jaw up and smiled back with what was probably just a goofy grin. But I realised I had a problem with my bladder. It's about to get awkward. I kept the conversation going for as long as I could, eating crackers and chips out of Kelly's hand for another 15 minutes before I had to go for a piss.

"Umm, sorry but I've just gotta go for a wee walk." I said and headed around the corner of the shed to where us blokes had been pissing against a barbed wire fence. Kelly smiled, offered to organise some more drinks and made some comment about dodging tyres.

Now how the FUCK was I going to sort this out. My hand was bandaged. My other arm was in a sling and difficult to use. I tried to unzip my fly. Pain. I maneuvered my hips over to the barbed wire and tried to hook a piece through the eye of the zip tab. My hand that was bandaged wasn't doing it for me. Pain flared up my thumb when I tried to grip and I couldn't get my injured shoulder to pull my tight jeans up to slip a finger down the zip to try it that way. Then Kelly's voice behind me quietly said, "Need some help with that?" 

"I think I might." I said with a lot of embarrassment. She was over in an instant and stood behind me.

"Promise not to look." she said and an arm came around each side of me and moved to the front of my jeans, fumble searching for the zip, brushed against my cock and finally opened my zip. Kelly said "Can you get, like, you know, can you . . .?"

"I can't" I said. "My fingers won't do it." 

Kelly giggles and says, "Do you want me to?"

"Shit. Yes please. Sorry, Kelly. I just can't get my hands to do what I need 'em to." 

"Don't worry. I won't tell." she said. Kelly's hand reached in, fumbled with my cock and pulled it out. "Should I hold it so you don't wet everything" she asked as she giggled. Of course, this didn't help with performance at all. I was a bit gun shy for a second but once I started I let go of everything I been holding since the hospital, I pissed like a horse and began to stiffen at the same time.

When I had finished, Kelly said "Should I give it a shake?" Without waiting for an answer, she shook my cock and pulled at my foreskin. 'You've got a foreskin! I've never seen one before!" She kept pulling and rolling my knob head around under my foreskin as I grew harder with every second. "Come on. Back to the fire." Kelly said and led me by the dick back to the fire-lit circle of warmth. Kelly wasted no time in getting to her knees in front of me and held my cock in both hands as she examined my knob, pulled the foreskin down as far as she could and then pulled it up to cover my knob head (just) and then licked it as she looked up at me with those beautiful eyes. She leaned in and almost swallowed me and then licked the full length of me again.

I was gobsmacked. "I wish I could do something to return the favour" I said. "You're having all the fun. Ah, well, so am I but I've been looking at . . "

"My tits!" Kelly laughed. With a quick motion, her shirt was up and off, quickly followed by her bra. Beautiful soft globes of white and tan flesh with puckered nipples dark against the rest of her skin. She lifted her her breasts with both hands and said "Maybe you can use your mouth."

"Exactly what I'd been hoping." I said and leaned over to pull one nipple into my mouth, running my tongue around her nipple, feeling the wrinkled nub on the roof of my mouth and the little pimply bumps around her aureola. Her nipple elongated as I pulled gently with my teeth then I pushed my face firmly against her breast and pushed into her chest. She held my cock and worked it with her fingers while making a low moaning growl in her throat. This must have gone on for a few minutes but I have no recollection of time before she straightened up, disengaging my mouth with a pop.

"Wassup?" I asked and she just looked at me with smoldering eyes.

Without a word, Kelly grabbed my cock again and used it to lead me to the sleeping bags she'd already laid out side by side, probably while I was struggling with my fly on my own. As we stood there, Kelly wriggled out of her jeans shorts. She then got on her knees and took my cock in her mouth again as she unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them, along with my underwear, to the floor. Rising to her feet, Kelly kissed me and helped my take off my shirt and shortly I had her soft warm breasts pressed against my hairy chest. It was so nice to feel her wrap her arms around me and she leaned forward and sucked my earlobe into her mouth, kissed my cheek and then my lips as she said, "Here, lay down."

Kelly helped me lay on the bed and then straddled me with her knees either side of mine and her breasts rubbing around my groin as she licked my stomach and worked her way south. She then sat erect (not the only one) and shuffled up so that she had both knees at my hips and then bent so her nipples tickled at my chest hair and she leaned closer and closer until we kissed. Her dark hair, her tan and tan-lines, her hard and dark nipples, her eyes, everything about her was beautiful. Long slim legs went to trim and firm buttocks that rippled in the flicker of the flames and shadows. The way her back shadowed the valley of her spine in shadow and fine hairs on her skin outlined in the dim light. I was in dreamland, having the wettest of wet dreams as she lowered her nipple to my mouth. I held my damaged hand up to her ribs and using my wrist and forearm, pulled her lower to me. My other arm was shithouse, so I just let it lay there but I could gently lift my arm from the elbow and stroked her side. She shivered at that and then slowly lowered herself onto my throbbing hardness. The lips of her pussy spread either side of my cock and our combined juices made a slick mixture for Kelly to slide her hot wet pussy lips up and down the length of my shaft. She did this time and again and the slippery folds of her cunt wrapped around me as we both panted and groaned. 

Humping her hips around the end of my cock, at last I felt my knob pop into her opening and Kelly gently moved herself up and down just half an inch at a time. Then the chatter started. She giggled, moaned, laughed unashamedly and kept a running commentary on how good she felt.

"Not yet" I said. "I'll come if you keep that up and I want to play some more." At which she slowly moved the full length of my cock into her slick dripping cunt and then just as slowly lifted herself off me to push a nipple to my mouth. I only got a small suck and then Kelly was kissing her way down me once again with her tits gently brushing either side of my ribs and then hips and then thighs. Her hair was brushing the skin on my stomach and thighs until she flicked it away and latched onto my drooling cock. I was rock hard and dripping so much pre come onto my belly that it was pooling into my navel. Kelly rubbed it with her fingers and then licked at it with her tongue, only to then latch onto my cock again. I told her to turn around so I could eat her at the same time and she did just that. Without taking her mouth from me. As talented a move as it was, it brought me undone and my cock spewed squirt after squirt of come into Kelly's mouth as she locked her lips tightly around me and then dribbled it over me. Yep, she didn't swallow.

My orgasm had hardly subsided when her pussy dropped onto my lips and I licked into her gaping hole then rubbed my nose over her lips and bulging clitoris. Kelly started humping my face while I breathed through my mouth and let out a long shuddering moan as she orgasmed on my nose and mouth with her gyrations before she slowed down and let me breathe. As she panted her recovery, I gently licked her thighs and gave the occasional lick to her lips until she took my cock back into her mouth. This made me think it was time for more fun, so I licked along one of her pussy lips from one end to the other and sucked it into my mouth. I ran my tongue over her clit again and gazed at her open pussy. Her pussy lips were larger at the front and tapered toward the back and although she didn't shave (we're in the late '70's here) her black pussy hair was sparse and straight and maybe had been trimmed for her swimmers. 

I took another long lick from front to back and then sucked a lip into my mouth, one at a time and ran up and down each one, sucking the long lobes in as far as I could when I reached the apex. And the whole time she was telling me how good it was. Great for the ego, I can tell ya. Then the grunts started. "Ooooohhhh, uuunghhhh, . . . . ungh, uuuunnnnnghhh." You get the picture. Then she came. Hard. Same again, almost suffocating me and almost dislodging a front tooth this time, and not far from tearing holes in my thighs with her nails. Her leg bumped my crook shoulder and I gave a bit of a strangled shout but pinned as I was, I could do nothing about it. She groaned between panted breathes and lay heavily on me until I said "Mmmph mmm mmph" and Kelly lifted her loins off me laughing. I didn't want to spoil the mood, so shut up about the rough treatment.

Being a young bloke, I was as hard as a rock and regardless of the pain in my recently relocated shoulder, I was ready to go again. Kelly turned herself around and her fantastic soft breasts were back in my face again and while I was occupied with those soft, warm globes, Kelly said "I'm so happy I stayed back to babysit!" I replied that I was pretty stoked with her choice as well as Kelly grabbed my shaft with one hand and slowly lowered herself back down on me.

All I needed to do was lay there. I lifted my loins into her on the down stroke and she would wiggle her pussy on me at the top of the upstroke. Then as she came down to meet me, she ground her clitoris into my pubic bone and leaned down with her hair brushing across my face and her breasts brushing and then pressing into my chest. Her nipples were hard brown nubs constantly getting my attention and I'd lift my head up to try to lick them as she ground herself against me. 

I started lifting my hips into her and pushed her forward with the thrusts and this brought Kelly's tits right into my face. She lowered herself a bit more and her boobs would drop down onto my mouth with each thrust and I licked and sucked her hardened nipples with abandon until it got to a point that I was about to come again. I could feel it in my belly and balls and then I erupted burst after burst into her grinding pussy. Kelly was almost there and as I'd finished coming, she grabbed my cock and rubbed it into her swollen clit as I sucked a nipple hard into my mouth and mashed it with my tongue, sucking and rolling the hardened tip and aureola to the roof of my mouth. Kelly started to let out yelping noises and then stiffened against me as she came on my softening and drooling cock. Her breast shivered in my mouth and she grunted and gasped as her body wracked with pleasure. I could feel her pussy lips against my cock head as Kelly moved her hand away from me and once again they enveloped me on either side with a hot and wet grip.

I finished gasping and rolled my head to one side to speak. "Fuck. Get off me! Yer on my shoulder!" Yeah, feeling was coming back. And as she moved sideways with a squealing "Sorry!" I kissed her and told her how great it was.

Kelly lay beside me and we spoke about how good the day had been until I fucked up and Kelly said "When I saw you with the sweat and tan and everything, I just had to have you. I don't know what's gotten into me. I don't do this sort of thing." And then added "Well, not on day one, anyway" and grinned at me. "I hope you don't think I'm a slut."

I looked at her and said with a grin "I'm so fucking happy you lost your inhibitions, Florence Nightingale. You've aided my recovery admirably . . . until you kneed my shoulder when you came just then."

Kelly grimaced and apologized again but I waved it off. "It was worth every tooth grinding, searing second. I'd do it again in a flash. Actually, no I won't. I 'm on top from here on." Kelly laughed and slapped my leg.

"I'm sorry! I tried to be careful but your tongue was just sooo goood" and laughed again. "I really am sorry I hurt you, you know. And you can be on top any time you like, big boy." she smiled again and kissed my good shoulder. Then she stood and held an arm out to me. "I think we better clean up a bit before everyone comes back. Can I give you a bath?" I held an arm out. The good one. And crooked the elbow for her to grab. As Kelly bent I once again appreciated her swinging breasts and darkly hardened nipples. So nice. "You like my boobs, don't you." she said. I just grinned and made sucking motions with my mouth. She leaned forward and I licked her nipples again for a moment before she led me by the cock to where a wash basin had been set up with soap and assorted toiletries that people had left. Kelly took the tub and filled it from the adjacent water tank and then went to get her toiletries and a wash cloth. She the treated me to a show of bathing her tits and stomach, using the wash cloth and splashing water on herself. When Kelly turned and bent over to give me a show of washing her pussy, I started to get hard again as her hand and fingers rubbed her lips, spread them, washed them and generally gave me a demonstration of gaping lips and slippery folds. I stood closer and rubbed my cock against her arse. "Oh, no no no you don't." she said. "I just cleaned you out of me, mister."

I pouted and said "It's all swollen, Nursey" and waggled my hips to make my hardening cock swing from side to side. 

"And it needs a wash, too." Kelly grinned and got on her knees in front of me. She licked along the side of my hardening cock and then turned her head and swallowed me whole. She bobbed up and down on my shaft while looking up at me through her messed up hair and I can still see those eyes and the smile. Her mouth was warm and soft and her lips made a perfect seal around my knob as she moved her head up and down the length of my shaft. Kelly put her hands on my arse cheeks and I could feel her tits brushing against my thighs as she moved against me and between that and her tongue and lips working on my tumescent cock, I was in seventh heaven. She massaged my cheeks and thighs and one hand snaked back from around my leg and cradled my balls. She massaged gently and started to give me the long strokes and I could feel my swollen knob brushing past her tonsils as she took me deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat. Kelly's other hand started rubbing up the inside of my other thigh and then she scratched me gently with her nails up and down the inside of my thigh as she felt me starting to hump against her. 
