 Tulsa. It wasn't my choice, but I had to go. The first company to take the plunge on one of our new products was there, and as part of their purchase contract they got a week of my services. I'd spend the days troubleshooting, and the nights back at the hotel writing reports. As busy as I was going to be, it was probably for the best that I wasn't going to be someplace more interesting. I'd hate to spend days hunched over a computer and nights in front of the laptop while the good times in, say, Miami or Las Vegas raged on without me.

The hotel was on the outskirts of town, part of the vast sprawling development that was taking over the scrubland. I hadn't rented a car, not playing to go anywhere, and saw that my only option for dinner was one of those upscale grills, the kind of place that have TVs blaring in every corner of the room; exotic, colorful mixed drinks; and a young, peppy waitstaff. All this was just an excuse to charge twelve bucks for a hamburger. I didn't care -- dinner was the only part of the day I was going to have to myself and all I wanted was a place to relax for an hour, forget about computers, and drink a decent glass of wine. But I'd settle for two out of three.

I sat at the bar, my back to the rest of the place, and busied myself with the menu, trying to find a simple steak under all the cute phrases and elaborate descriptions. I heard the bartender approach and ordered a scotch on the rocks without even looking up. By the time I had decided between the "Angus Blast" and the "Heavenly Heifer" my drink was there and I put down the menu to find myself facing the greatest pair of tits I had ever seen.

"See anything you like?"

I tried to wipe the stunned expression off of my face, and looked up to meet the eyes of the bartender, a cute, young woman with a lovely open face and bright, smiling eyes. She had her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. She wore a loose blouse buttoned over a white tank top. But it wasn't loose enough to hide what was underneath. I realized that I was supposed to speak.

"Are the steaks here any good?"

"Best steaks in Tulsa."

"I've never had a steak in Tulsa."

"Then I guess you'll just have to take my word for it." She laughed, and I could see the tip of her tongue between her white teeth. I couldn't tell if this was some sort of flirtatious gesture or if I was just seeing things after a long day in front of the screen.

"I guess I will," I said. "But I trust you explicitly -- you don't look like the type to lie to an innocent out-of-towner."

"Oh no," she said, "never."

"Fine. I'll have one of the best steaks in Tulsa -- and this menu's giving me a headache, I'll let you pick which one. And a glass of cabernet."

"Super." Another winning smile and she bounded away.

I watched her walk. I was certain that with that chest she would be on the chubby side all around -- nobody wore that much padding in once place only. But I was wrong. Her curves tapered into a thin waist, delightfully flared hips, and long legs displayed beautifully in her tight blue jeans.

I took a long pull of my drink and commended myself on my luck. Not only was the view first-rate, but the meal wasn't halfway bad either. As the place either hadn't filled up yet (or never would), I had time to chat with Penny, the divine bartender. She was a local, attending a nearby community college, and dreaming of leaving Tulsa. In light of this, I admit that I may have exaggerated my own circumstances just a bit. When I said that my apartment had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge, I merely neglected to mention that the view required that you leave the apartment and walk for a couple of miles first. Penny had the same laughing, flirtatious attitude throughout, and I was dying to know whether this was just part of the job or if any of it was directed specifically at me. When she leaned over to pull glasses out of the dishwasher, I caught an eyeful of her pillowy canyon of perfect cleavage. I wished that I could shrink myself down to an inch high and dive right in.

I tipped generously and caught her eye on my way out.

"This place isn't half bad," I said. "I may be back."

"Sure," she said. "Come back between four and nine, that's my shift. I'll be here all week."

"Good," I smiled. "Then so will I."

I walked back to the hotel, thrilled that my days in Tulsa would improve immeasurably knowing that I had that vision waiting for me at the end. I still had some work to go over when I got back, so I jacked off to clear my head, and sat down in front of the laptop. It was nearly nine-thirty and I was just shutting down when I heard a knock on the door.

"Yes?" I yelled.

"Room service."

I hadn't ordered anything, but I was a frequent customer at this chain, and thought they might be throwing in a little unannounced perk. I opened the door to find Penny beaming back at me. This was a perk indeed.

"Hi there," I said, confused.

"You left this at the bar." She held up my credit card.

"Oh!" I put my hand automatically on my wallet. "I hadn't even noticed."

"Sure," she said, "the leave-behind, it's the oldest trick in the book."

"No, honestly," I said, taking it from her. "You didn't charge anything did you?"

She shrugged playfully. "I don't know . . . maybe I did."

I laughed. "Well then that's what I get for being so absent-minded," I said. "I must have been distracted."

"Distracted?" She walked past me, into the room, her chest brushing my as she squeezed by. I closed the door. "Whatever in the world could have distracted you?" She looked up at me with teasing, innocent eyes.

"Um, well, it was an awfully good steak."

"Right," she smiled. "I don't think that's it."

"No? You seem to have a good idea then," I said, "what was I distracted by?"

She had made a brief tour of the room, ending up standing in front of me, tantalizingly close, a sexy, mischievous smile on her face. "Could it be that you couldn't keep your eyes off of my chest all night?" She lightly traced her finger down my arm while she watched my reaction.

I was determined to hold her eyes, but I couldn't. I flinched, and glanced quickly down at her breasts. She laughed. "Don't even try to hide it," she said. "I've been at least a D cup since I was thirteen -- I think I know a tit man when I see one by now."

"So why'd you come? I could have picked this up at the restaurant."

She shrugged, and moved even closer, her breath warm in my face. "I like you anyway." I leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips, tasting her sweet lip gloss, smelling her clean, soft perfume. She kissed me back, harder, her lips parting until the tips of our tongues touched and tangled, swirling wetly together. I put my hands on her slim waist and pulled her into me, feeling a rush of excitement as our bodies came together.

"Well," she said, breaking the kiss and backing just a little bit away. "Go ahead," she laughed, "I know you're dying to get your hands on them." I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"Wait," I said. "Not like this." I turned her around so that she was facing the large mirror on the wall and I stood behind her, my arms around her, watching her face, meeting her eyes in the mirror while I moved my hands up to cup her huge, heavy breasts. I kissed her softly on the neck while I gently fondled her. They were too big even for my large hands, and firm for their size -- I was in heaven. She seemed to like it too, grinding her ass back into me and moaning softly when I pinched her nipples. I unbuttoned her blouse, leaving her in the tight tank top. Her tits looked even bigger in this, nearly obscenely large on her slim frame. I had to see more and lifted her shirt. She raised her arms and let me pull it over her head, her breasts jiggling when she laughed as I brushed my hands over her ribs, tickling her.

She was wearing a pale, lavender bra, which gave her nearly full coverage, holding her well in place. I traced my finger over her cleavage, handling her breasts a little more roughly now, feeling her breathing get faster, nearly matching the pounding of my own heart. I've never been good at bra clasps, but I got this one on the first try and moved my hands over her warm stomach and underneath the cups of her bra, feeling her bare breasts for the first time. She shrugged out of the bra, leaving her topless, only my hands covering her. I dropped them and stared at last at her perfect chest. Her nipples were already stiff, her aureolae the size of my palms. Her breasts seemed to take up her entire chest -- she was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen.

I moved quickly, more urgently, alternately squeezing and pinching her breasts while I devoured her neck, kissing biting, and grinding my crotch into her ass. She reached back behind her and rubbed her hands over my stiff cock, feeling its length under my loose slacks. "Oh my," she said, smiling, "I see I'm not the only one who's bigger than average." She grinned into the mirror. "I think it's your turn to get a little attention."

She turned around and quickly unbuttoned my shirt, and unbuckled my belt. She yanked down my pants and stretched my boxers over my swollen cock, leaving me completely naked, my dick bobbing lewdly in the air. She pushed against me, forcing me back until I was against the foot of the bed. She kissed me hard on the lips, then began trailing kisses down my body, my neck, my chest, my stomach, holding her tits in her hands and rubbing them over my cock -- I almost exploded right there -- until she was on her knees on the floor and reaching out with her tongue to touch the tip of my cock. She teased me at first, holding my shaft lightly in her hand and planting soft kisses, quick pecks up and down, before she looked up and met me square in the eye and held eye contact while she engulfed me, taking the whole head of my cock in her warm, wet mouth. My knees got weak and I fell back on the bed, but she never lost contact. I spread my legs to give her better access and she got a little higher, getting the leverage she needed to bob up and down. The wetness and friction of her mouth felt fantastic, and she looked amazing, her ponytail bobbing in the air, her red lips stretched around my thick shaft. She played lightly with my balls with one of her hands and the other was between her own legs, frantically rubbing herself. The fact that she was getting off on this too nearly did me in. I think she must have felt my balls tighten, my cock get even stiff. She eased back slowly and looked up at me, licking her lips.

I stayed on the bed while Penny stepped out of her jeans and her matching lavender panties. She dipped her middle finger between her legs and then held it, glistening, before my face. I eagerly sucked it, slowly savoring the taste of her wetness. "Slide back," she said, and I scooted back toward the head of the bed. She climbed up over me, straddling me, her huge breasts hanging free while she moved up over my body.

"Did you like that?" she whispered, her lips close to my ear.

"Are you kidding? I nearly exploded."

"I know." Her eyes got wide. "Sorry to stop like that. But I want to feel you inside me." She leaned even closer, even quieter, and said, "You can cum in my mouth tomorrow night." She reached back and positioned my cock at her pussy lips and began slowly pushing, easing onto me. I couldn't believe how good she felt, how tight and wet and warm. She moved deliberately, pushing until I was finally buried inside of her, my long cock throbbing. "Yes," she whispered, "yes. Like that." 

I gasped and she rose up and began to ride me, grinding on my cock in a sultry, circular rhythm. She moaned with pleasure when I reached up to hold her huge tits in my hands, squeezing them and playing with them while she rode me -- I was in heaven. She began to move faster, getting into it, and I dropped my hands and watched her breasts bounce while she humped me. They nearly hit her in the face as fast and hard as she was going. Her breathing was getting faster, more ragged, and she collapsed down onto me, crushing her breasts against my chest while her hips moved like pistons, slamming herself onto me over and over again. "Now," she whispered, "now, fill me up, fill me," moaning as she felt my cock stiffen again and then gasping when I exploded, my hot cum gushing into her, wave after wave after wave. 

She slowly stopped moving and lay there, her body warm against mine, until our hearts slowed to something like normal rhythm again. She rolled over and cuddled against me, cooing, "Can we do that again?"

"I'll be here all week," I said.

"Good," she smiled. "Then so will I."