 I had noticed him looking at me a few times on the train, a glance that seemed to say he was doing more than just looking around. I was instantly attracted to him as well, dark looks and blue eyes pulled straight from my dreams. We had never spoken but the bustle of the morning and evening commute sometimes jostled us nearer to each other so I could smell his aftershave. Once we were almost near enough to touch, and the tingles running up my arm as it slightly brushed his jacket sleeve made my heart beat so loud I thought the other passengers would hear it. 

Our mutual attraction was clear as we caught each other's eye repeatedly, staring heatedly through the sea of faces making their way to work or home. Each day I looked forward to the excitement of seeing him and each day he was right on time, holding the overhead bar and sending me smoldering looks that turned my knees to jelly. Finally I decided something had to be done.

I began dressing for our silent meetings, wearing loose blouses that draped provocatively across my cleavage; shorter skirts that showed off my well rounded backside; heels that were clearly not designed for office daytime. Whether it was these changes that spurred him on or just the frustrating passage of time and attraction, I'll never know, but one cool Spring morning we ran into a bit of interesting luck.

We ended up standing near to each other toward the back of our compartment as the morning rush of travelers filled the train. I closed my eyes and breathed the scent of him standing just a few feet away and once again fought the urge to push through the strangers crowding the car and bury my face in his shirt. As the train rocked and clicked its way through the city, it entered one of the tunnels that were typically lit with orange lights. Today however, it was pitch dark and within moments the train had sounded an alarm and screeched to a stop. The other passengers issued a collective groan as they mentally prepared themselves to be late for work. 

I was feeling for the phone in my bag so I could text my boss about the change in plan, when suddenly I was aware of him standing right behind me, his intoxicating scent suddenly all around me like an embrace. Softly, a hand brushed my hair from my neck and I felt him lean close to brush his lips across my collarbone. At the contact I shuddered and my knees became weak as the weeks and months of unspoken yearning washed over me. I groped behind me to clutch his coat and leaned into him as he silently, gently explored my neck and shoulders with his teeth and fingers, sending shivers over and over again down my spine. 

The angry murmurs of the other passengers faded from my consciousness as I felt him wrap his arms around me from behind and cup my breasts, grazing each tingling nipple with his fingers and making me catch my breath. He leaned his head on my shoulder and sighed as he massaged me, running his hands over my stomach, breasts and chest, mapping my body in the dark. He pulled me into him and I could feel the heat and bulge of his arousal through the fabric of his slacks. I pressed myself into his need and felt him respond with a shuddering breath and a twitch, pressing his fingers into my torso flesh and inhaling deeply in my hair. 

His hands explored lower now, caressing the waistband of my skirt, running down my hips and across the front of my thighs. Gently I flexed my ass cheeks around his bulge and he gasped and kneaded his fingers deep into my thighs. One hand strayed under my skirt and slowly explored up, up, up to where the edge of my panties separated my heat from the cool tunnel air. As I leaned into him he ran one finger under the edge of the lacy fabric, across my smooth shaven skin, then dove between the folds of my swollen pussy, finding my clit and sending a spasm of pleasure through my body. 

Suddenly the lights in the tunnel clicked back on and the other passengers cheered as the train clicked back to life. My lover quickly removed his hand from my skirt and I was left feeling the void of his attention, though we still leaned against each other, propped against the back wall of the train car. Feeling disappointed, I was still enjoying squeezing his cock through his pants and he was clearly not going to stop me, so as the train sped up we kept our position, slightly shielded by his overcoat but easily ignored by the mass of distracted passengers that surrounded us. 

I kept up my rear attentions to his hardness, relishing every sigh and shudder that he suppressed, feeding his need and my own. After a few minutes he began to press into me with a renewed energy and I wondered if he might cum right there in his pants. I felt slick and hot in my center and I longed for something more than the rear grinding I was getting. I felt his hand come between us and I wondered if he was going to push me away, but he adjusted himself briefly and then carefully lifted the back of my skirt under the shield of his coat. 

I expected to feel his fingers brush me again but was surprised as a round, hard, heated tip suddenly pressed against me from behind. His penis, released from his pants, twitched as he pressed it against my opening, seeking entry. He swiftly pulled my panties aside and as I leaned into him he slowly slid his hard length into my wet pussy, filling me deeper and deeper until I felt his pelvis press into my behind. As he sank into me he moaned softly and shuddered, and I nearly climaxed at the sensation of being so intimately filled in such a public way by the man I had lusted after for so long. 

Not daring to move, I repeatedly squeezed his cock inside my with my inner walls, feeling him swell and twitch within me. He was big; even with the odd angle his tip was nearly at my cervix and my body stretched to hold him. The rocking of the train gave us a gentle rhythm to our lovemaking as we held ourself up on the ceiling bars, flexing and grasping each other silently under cover of my body. I could feel him carefully flex his hips as he tried to push more of his length inside me, then relaxing slowly, sliding in and out a centimeter at a time as my pussy contracted around his probing cock. 

Slowly I felt him begin to increase his pace from gentle rocking to small, sharp thrusts. His breathing had become ragged behind me and he was struggling to smother his moans. I felt my orgasm building as his tiny movements grew more insistent, and I rocked my head back against his shoulder, trying to stay upright. The need to be filled by him was suddenly overwhelming and I clamped my muscles around him as he pushed against me, then softly I whispered in his ear: "Cum inside me!"

At the words, he suddenly groaned and clutched my waist to him, thrusting hard into my depths, and I felt his penis begin to twitch as spurts of his semen splashed against my cervix. He spasmed again and shuddered as my orgasm peaked and my pussy milked his penis, waves of tingling pleasure rippling through my body at the feeling of his cum filling my pussy. I struggled to stay quiet and hide our lovemaking as a second orgasm quickly followed the first, rippling through my body as he continued to spurt his hot seed within my womb. 

As our bodies quieted, I felt his softening cock slide out of my vagina and he quickly tucked himself back into his clothes. I squeezed myself tight to hold our mutual juices inside, wanting to hold on to him as long as I could. For the remainder of the train ride I leaned against his chest as we both caught our breath, smelling his familiar scent mixed with the slight odor of our lovemaking. Too soon his stop arrived and I stood aside to let him pass. His eyes met mine and he smiled softly as he made for the exit. 

I knew we would be on the train together again in a few hours and I held it inside like a treasure, like the secret I held inside my core, and I knew this wouldn't be the last time I had him inside me.