 INTRODUCTION

The Seven Days are a collection of seven one-chapter stories involving fantasies and role-playing with a personal flavor. These are my personal wish lists that I wished I had lived out before I had gotten married. So sit back and enjoy.

MONDAY: Law & Order		     	  
TUESDAY: Mile High Club			     
WEDNESDAY: Forbidden Fruit			     
THURSDAY: Overlooking the Stereo Types	     	
FRIDAY: Two is Fun Three is Never a Crowd   
SATURDAY: Power of Trust			     
SUNDAY: Out in the Country	

* * * * * *

TUESDAY: Mile High Club

Corporate meetings are such a long, mind bending; tedious bore, especially when they go late into the evening. It was ten o'clock as Dave O'Malley raced to the gate of Toronto International Airport. There were only ten people left to board as he passed on his ticket and identification to the ticket agent.

"No need to rush Mr. O'Malley," Said a Grey haired Ticket Agent, "The mail cargo just arrived, and there is more freight and parcels than passengers."

"Oh good." Dave replied as he walked down the tunnel towards the plane.

Even though Dave O'Malley's company dragged him from the West Coast for meetings, they treated their Sales Reps well. All their flights were booked in executive class. Dave knew he would get a good meal, Alcoholic Beverages, and a comfy seat to sleep for the five-hour trip back to Vancouver.

As he sat down, he noticed his seatmate was an attractive thirty something brunette. He smiled at her as he sat down and buckled himself in. 

The flight attendant came down to offer them both hot towels and to take their drink orders.

"Long Island Ice Tea." Ordered the Brunette Lady.

"Rum and Coke for me." Added Dave.

"There is plenty of room in Executive Class if you would like more room," Offered the Flight attendant, "You two are the only passengers in Executive Class."

Both Dave and the Brunette girl smiled and nodded to the flight attendant. 

"I'm Dave." Dave offered his hand to the pretty Brunette.

"I'm Pam." Smiled the Brunette as she shook his hand. "Business meeting?"

"Yes, very boring two days." Dave said rolling his eyes, "How about you?"

"Believe it or not, I'm a Flight Attendant, I'm going home for a niece's wedding." Pam told him, "I had a flight to Montreal, and I would have normally had a lay over, but I need to get back quickly for all the minor stuff."

The flight attendant returned with the drinks and took the dinner order. Dave ordered a bottle of wine to go with dinner. Both of them sipped on their drinks as the plane taxied down the runway. Soon the plane was in the air. Pam and Dave exchanged idle chatter until the dinner and wine arrived. Dave looked over his seatmate as they chatted. She was a very shapely girl with small breasts that barely poked through her white blouse. She wore a navy mini skirt that seemed to be always riding high on her, even as she sat in the seat. She had smooth well-toned tanned legs. 

The flight attendant removed the dirty dishes and offered to leave the bottle of wine behind for Pam and Dave to finish.

"I think we'll be okay for a while Sarah," Pam told the Flight Attendant, "I think we'll both be sleeping the rest of the way."

"Okay," Replied the flight attendant, I'm going to chit-chat with the other girls at the back, so if you need anything, just buzz."

Dave lay back and just got comfortable, when he realized that he had to visit the washroom.

"Darn wine," He muttered quietly, and then at loud, "Back in a minute."

The Executive class washroom was more spacious than economy. It had a large mirror and various hand lotions and soaps. Dave chose a mixed fruit soap, rinsed and dried his hands, and opened the door to return to his seat. As he exited the washroom, Pam was standing in line waiting.

"Your turn," He smiled at her.

"No, it's our turn," Smiled Pam mischievously as she pushed Dave back into the cubicle.

"What the?" Questioned Dave.

Pam locked the door behind them. She wrapped her arms around Dave's neck and kissed him. Dave could feel Pam's tongue explore his mouth. He reciprocated the passionate kiss and did his own probing. He reached under her mini skirt to caress her ass, and much to his surprise, she wasn't wearing any underwear.

Dave stumbled, and sat down on the closed toilet. Pam sat gently on his knees as he unbuttoned her blouse. Dave gasped as the blouse fell open and he saw that Pam wasn't wearing a bra either. Her small breasts jutted out in the cool air as her nipples hardened. He took her right breast into his mouth and massaged her nipple with his tongue. Pam grasped at the back of Dave's head and neck, gently rubbing up and down pressing his face tighter to her chest and breasts. Dave could feel his penis becoming excited as it pushed against his clothing, trying to escape the enclosure. He switched his mouth over to Pam's left breast, and repeated his tonguing on that side too.

"Hey, sit on the edge of the sink." Dave suggested.

Pam obeyed, and propped herself on the sink counter and supported herself against the fuselage of the plane. Dave knelt down on the floor, as his face was at the perfect level. He pushed Pam's miniskirt higher on her waist, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy. He moved his face closer to her love mound. He could smell the sweet aroma of her pussy juices as he moved closer and began to lightly lick and taste her juices that oozed to the opening.

"Hmmm, my favorite dessert." Dave smiled.

"Mine too!" Replied Pam.

Dave licked her swollen clitoris, bringing small moans from Pam. He dipped a finger inside her hot love hole, as he continued to slowly lick her clit. Pam gasped as she could feel Dave's finger move inside of her as his tongue tickled her clit. Pam curled her fingers into Dave's hair as the excitement of his oral offering excited her. It wouldn't take much for him to bring her off.

"Fuck me." Begged Pam as she was close to coming.

"Not quite yet," Dave responded, "I'm not quite finished with dessert yet."

Dave switched hands and stroked her clitoris with his left thumb as his tongue began its descent into her hot wet pussy. He moved his lubricated finger that had been previous probing her vagina around back, and slowly massaged her puckered ass with his wet finger. Pam moaned with delight as she was getting the best of three worlds.

"Oh, um, get that tongue deeper." Moaned Pam.

Dave complied as he pushed his face tighter into Pam's groin, as his tongue stretched as deep as he could reach. He increased his thumb speed that was massaging her clit, and continued his gentle probing of her ass with his other finger.

Pam couldn't take it any more as her orgasm exploded. She thrust her hips hard into Dave's face. Her fingers, still entangled in his hair, drew him tighter onto herself. Her love juices, flowed through her pussy and down Dave's chin. But Dave didn't stop his three-ring excitement. He continued to explore her pussy with his tongue, and even slid his index finger up her ass. He gently, but firmly continued his clitoral massage. Pam was going to come again; she could feel another orgasm building.

"Bend over the sink," Dave told her, "Now I'll enter you."

Dave dropped his trousers to the ground. Pam gasped as his cock sprung to attention. It must have been at least ten inches. She couldn't take all of it. She thought to herself that horses might have cocks that big, but not a man.

She bent over the sink, and Dave walked up behind her. He held his massive tool in one hand and teased her dripping wet pussy with the tip of his cock. He reached around her bent over waist, and fondled her erect hard nipples. He bent over and kissed her on the back of the neck. He then gently inserted his cock, one inch at a time into her waiting, hot pussy. She could feel his massive shaft making its way inside of her.

"You're going to split me in half." She whispered to Dave.

"You'll be fine," Chuckled Dave as his full ten inches was nearly inside of her.

Pam moaned as she could feel his massive shaft inside of her. She reached around with one hand and fingered her clitoris as Dave slowly pumped his erect cock inside of her. Dave gently rubbed her back and shoulders as he continued his slow rhythmic action.

"Faster, don't tease me." Begged Pam as she fingered her clitoris faster.

Dave laughed as he picked up the pace. Pam's vagina muscles snuggly hugged his erect ten-inches. Pam had a nice round firm ass that wiggled each downward stroke. Dave caressed her ass cheeks as he worked his cock in and out of her pussy.

"Come, oh please come." Moaned Pam as she reached yet, another orgasm, her pussy squeezing Dave's hard shaft.

Dave was impressed as her vagina muscles squeezed his hard cock each time Pam hit another and another orgasm. Dave had never seen a woman hit so many orgasms in such a short period of time. He increased his pumping speed. His balls were smacking loud and hard against her clitoris as he pumped away. Pam was going crazy as her orgasms kept on coming. Finally Dave couldn't hold back any longer. He groaned loudly as he emptied his load inside of her. Pam could feel the warm gushes of his cum coat her insides.

"My god that was amazing!" Panted Pam.

"It sure was," Agreed Dave as he sat down on the closed toilet, "I couldn't do that again for a while."

But Pam had a surprise for Dave. Without giving him a chance to get dressed, Pam knelt in front of Dave and grabbed his wet slippery cock with one hand, and slowly licked the remaining cum from the tip.

"My turn for desert." Said Pam mischievously.

"I haven't recovered from the first one," Shuttered Dave, "I need a minute to recover."

Pam ignored his pleas. His hot cock tasted so good, even though it was mixed with her juices. Her jaws ached as she tried to take as much of his ten-inches into her mouth as possible. She fingered herself with one hand, while using her other hand to softly stroke his recovering tool. Dave was feeling the electricity build as Pam was skillfully giving him a terrific blowjob. He watched her masterfully lick and suck his cock while fingering her wet juicy pussy. Pam quickly mounted his hot cock and began to ride him as he wrapped his arms around her waist. Pam squealed as she hit another orgasm while riding him. She bounced wildly on top of him as her pussy impaled itself on his stiff erect cock.

"Tell me when your ready to come." Pam asked.

"Pretty quick, actually." Moaned Dave.

Pam bucked on top of Dave a couple more times, before she returned to her position in front of Dave and resumed sucking his cock. Dave couldn't take it any more as he shot his load into her mouth. Pam hungrily swallowed and licked up Dave's entire offering. She sat exhausted on his knee and gave Dave a hug and a kiss.

"Now I'll be able to have a good sleep, the rest of the trip home." Pam told him.

"Me too," Agreed Dave, "Me too."