 Lisa was one of the younger secretaries at work. Very good looking and very nice. We had chatted often about a wide range of subjects, usually while I was waiting for copies to run or such. I didn't really think of her as anything but a nice young lady, and good secretary, mostly because I had a daughter that was older than she was. 

Over the couple years we had talked, she had come to know that I was an avid hunter and I had learned of her passion for photography. I was a bit shocked when she asked me if I would take her Turkey hunting this season. 

"I didn't think you were a hunter?" I asked her.

"Not at all. But I watched a hunting show the other day and I thought that some of the video they shot was fantastic, and I would really like to get some pictures like that!"

"You do realize that the shot lots and lots of bad video for those few minutes of good stuff?" "Sure. But I like the outdoors! It should be fun!"

'Ok. Let's see if you still think so when your climbing out of bed at four in the morning." "Sure, no problem. She replied with a smile.

That decided, I made her a shopping list of things to get and sent her do the local Walmart. The next day she assured me she had everything on the list, from good hiking boots to a camouflaged net face mask.  I agreed to pick her up at four-thirty Saturday morning.

The alarm went off Saturday and I crawled out of the sack. I moved quietly as I could so I wouldn't wake my wife, and got dressed in all my normal hunting cammo. A quick bite of breakfast and I was off to pick up Lisa. 

I pulled into the driveway and the house was dark. I checked the address, and yes, this was the place, but I was a few minutes early. I parked and walked up to the door leaving the truck idling, and gave it a quick rap. I wasn't overly surprised that she didn't answer, I mean it was four-thirty in the morning. I knocked again and waited, still no answer. "I guess she wasn't going to make it anyway", I thought to myself as I turned and headed down the steps toward the truck.

"Mike!?" I heard called from the front door as I was about to climb back into my truck.

"Yeah."

"Is that you?"

"Yep. It's four-thirty."

"Damn! My alarm didn't go off. Come on in, I'll be ready in a minute!"

"You're sure? I mean you don't have to come if you don't want."

"NO! I do want to come. Come on in while I get dressed." She said clutching the front of her bathrobe closed and holding the door open for me.

"Ok." I said looking at my watch. We would be late to the hunting area, but that couldn't be helped I guess. I walked up and stepped inside the door while she silently walked down the hall toward the bedroom. I saw the bathroom light flick on and saw a flash of naked woman walk through the small circle of light. 

Now don't get me wrong, I think she is VERY attractive. Slim, maybe a hundred tweny pounds, five and a half feet tall, and oh yes... she had a set of D size tits that, from what I could tell at work, didn't need much support. A few times I was pretty sure the outfit she had on didn't allow a bra, but you couldn't tell she didn't have one on. If she hadn't been younger than my oldest daughter I probably would have been very interpreted. 

It was only a few minutes before she came down the hall, dressed in tree leaf camouflage from neck to toe, a camera bag in her hand. She clomped into the kitchen in her heavy boots and grabbed a power bar and bottle of water.

"All set!" she said as she came out of the kitchen.

"Ok." Was all I said as I headed toward the door.

The drive to where I hunt is about a half hour, which we did in mostly silence due to the early hour. We got there as the sky was getting light, not too late thankfully.  After parking I got out my gun, loaded it and put on my turkey vest full of hunting equipment. Surprisingly it takes a lot to hunt those darn birds, everything from half a dozen different calls to decoys.

"Ok. Let's go." I said as I led her down the path to a large field. "Now we wait." I said, leaning against a large steel gate.

"What for?" 

"Gobbles." I whispered. "When they are on the roost they will gobble to tell the females where they are so they can mate."

"OH!" she whispered back. 

We stood for a number of minutes before we heard the first gobbler calling. It was quickly answered by another, competing for the females.

"I think that one." I whispered, pointing across the corner of the field toward the deepest tone gobble I heard. "That's the dominant one."

"So what do we do?"

"We get into position as quietly as we can." I whispered, opening the gate. "Come on."

She followed me through the gate and we made our way around the edge of the horse field. I could see a number of horses in the distance, but they left us alone, not really sure what we were, all camouflaged up like this. I found the place where I wanted to cross the fence, a high five strand barb wire bastard. The guy that owned this field did not want his horses getting out, so he build a great fence, just a bitch to get over. There was a spot that had a couple trees, that helped a lot. I handed her my shotgun and then showed her how to climb the fence, using the trees as balance points to climb up and over. Once on the other side she handed me my gun and I turned and put it against a tree. By the time I turned back around to take her camera, which seemed almost as big as my gun, she was climbing the fence nimbly, camera in one hand and tree in the other. 

She did a great job until she got to the top wire. There she stood, balanced on the wire, not really sure how to get down. I moved forward, intending to help balance her, and reached my hands up to her slim waist.

Without warning she was suddenly falling toward me, and I was totally unprepared for that. I grabbed what I could, which was a fist full of shirt with my right hand and tried to encircle her body with my left, since it had already slipped off her waist and was sticking uselessly behind her. I tried to half hold her up and half pull her toward me to prevent her from falling into the barbwire, and was moderately successful.  It took me several seconds to realize that I had indeed caught her, with my right hand holding a bunch of shirt material almost over her head and my left arm pulling her body tight to mind.  Her feet hadn't even hit the ground yet. It took almost as long to realize that my unshaven face was pressed against some very soft, smooth, firm skin. My effort to catch her had pulled her shirt up until her entire left breast was exposed, and most of her right breast as well, and I was holding her off the ground with my face pressed between the two large firm mounts of sweet flesh. I'm not sure who was blushing more when I let her slide to the ground and let go of her shirt, with both her tits now fully exposed.

"I'm sorry." I whispered. "I wasn't expecting you to jump."

"My fault." She whispered back as she pulled her shirt back down over her naked breasts. "I thought you were ready to catch me."

I turned to get my gun and then led the way a few yards back into the woods, trying to give her time to get put back together and also to allow me to get my quickly growing dick into a more comfortable position. I motioned for her to be silent, and where to sit. Then I pulled my mask out and slipped it on, indicating that she should do the same. When we were done there wasn't an inch of exposed skin on us, except for our eyes. I moved off a little ways and set up my decoys and then retreated to a spot a few feet from where she was sitting. I settled in on my pad and got out my calls.

It didn't take long to get the bird to come in a ways, but it just wouldn't get close enough for me to shoot. Lisa, on the other hand, was having a field day, snapping away with her silent Cannon D40 and a lens that was half as long as my shotgun. She seemed to be getting great shots of the gobbler strutting and displaying to a hen that had moved in with him. There really wasn't much I could do until he finished with her, so we just sat and watched him strut his stuff. To my surprise, she acquiesced and allowed him to mount her right there. Lisa was silently oohing and aaaahing about her pictures as she snapped away, trying not to move in such a way as to scare the birds away.

Ultimately, the gobbler got done and moved off without getting into shooting range.  I called a few more times and quickly had another, younger bird answer. I had to take my time and coax the wary bird into my trap. Just as I thought success was in my hands, Lisa sneezed. With a commotion and frenzied flapping, the gobbler took to the air, ruining any chance of another set-up.

"I'm sorry." She whispered.

"No need to whisper. I think we're done here." I said a bit disgustedly. I got up and walked over and picked up my decoys. When I got back Lisa was looking through her camera out into the field, her nipples so hard they were clearly showing through her shirt. "See something interesting?"

"Yeah! Those two horses!"

I looked over, and sure enough, about half way across the field, one of the stallions was getting ready to mount a mare, his huge dong hanging out and swinging around very much like a fire hose.  I looked back down and could clearly see her hard nipples through her skin tight camouflaged t-shirt. 

"God that is so hot!" She said as she watched the horses screwing in the field. "I wonder what it's like to fuck in the woods like an animal."

"I think that's something you need to take up with your husband." I said quietly

"Oh, he'd never do anything like that. I mean if it's not in the bedroom, then... well, it just won't happen!" She said with finality.

"Well... I think we might as well head back to the truck. I don't think we are going to see any more turkeys out here today." I said as I started walking toward the fence.

Lisa got up from where she was sitting on the ground and followed me toward the fence. "You know... You could."

I stopped short of the fence and turned around to look at her. "I could what?" I asked, not at all sure she meant what I thought she meant.

She continued walking until she was only a foot or so from me. "You could show me what it's like to screw like the animals do!" She said in a very sultry voice. "I mean you already saw my breasts, and I didn't see you complain." She said as she pushed my turkey vest off my shoulders and let it fall to the ground. For reasons I still don't understand, I allowed her to push my t-shirt up and over my head and toss it on the ground.

"That was an accident." I said simply. "I didn't do it intentionally."

"I know." She said with a shrug. "But just the same, you did look, and as far as I could tell, you liked what you saw."

"Of course I did, you have a fantastic looking body."

"Well, then, you won't mind looking at more of it!" She said as she took the camera off her neck, hung it on a tree branch and grasped the bottom of her shirt. In one smooth move she pulled it up and over her head, leaving her naked from the waist up. If anything I had underestimated just how good looking she was. Her skin was tanned and smooth, with no sign of even the slightest tan line. Her breasts had the shape of two halves of cantaloupe, each standing firm and tall on her chest. Centered on the top of her two mountains were large round brown areola, two hard nipples centered and standing out like small peaks on the larger mountains. At that second all I wanted to do was to draw one of those nipples into my mouth and suck on it. 

I was so intent on looking at her fantastic tits that I didn't even notice that her hands had traveled to the top of her pants and were busy undoing the belt and snap. I heard the zipper slide down, drawing my attention to where her hands now were. She wiggled her hips as she pushed the camouflaged material over them, allowing it to slide down her legs until it pooled below her knees, held up by her hiking boots. She was now naked from the knees up, except for the tiny purple thong panty that almost covered her pussy. Her thumbs were hooked in the tiny strings, pushing it slowly down, uncovering her neatly trimmed pussy hair. She wiggled her hips slowly as she worked the strings down farther, uncovering the rest of her fantastic looking pussy for me to see.

My body responded without me telling it to, my dick hardening and growing into a huge bulge in my pants.  She shuffled the two steps over toward me, her firm tits nearly touching me, and began to undo my pants. It took her slim, nimble fingers no time at all to get the snap and zipper undone,  pushing my pants and underwear down to free my hard dick while I reached out and cupped both of her fantastic tits in my hands. I squeezed and massaged them, allowing her nipples to press into the palms of my hands while she stroked my cock with her delicate hands, allowing her fingers to reach all the way to my balls.

"I really want you to fuck me. I want you to turn me around and bend me over and take me like a stallion takes a mare! I want to feel this fat dick fill my hot pussy."

"My pleasure." I replied as I moved my hands to her shoulders. She allowed me to turn her until she was facing away from me, and leaned over, holding onto a tree trunk. I shuffled myself directly behind her and pushed my dick down until the head rubbed against her pussy lips. She was already extremely wet, and my head split her lips with ease, finding the entrance to her tunnel almost without thought. I pushed against her and she moaned as my dick slowly forced itself into her tunnel, which expanded to accommodate it.

"OH GOD!" I groaned as I sunk deeper into her. 

"OH FUCK!" she screamed as I hit bottom, my hips pressing against her firm smooth ass. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she half cried, half begged.

I pulled back until I was nearly out of her, and then slammed into her, driving my dick fully into her. 

"YES!" she cried loudly.

I pulled back and repeated, driving my dick fully into her, my hips slapping loudly into her firm ass.  I squeezed her ass with my hands as I started yet another plunge. My pace picked up as her tunnel expanded to fit my dick better. I fell into an easy rhythm, our bodies slapping together as my dick pistoned in and out of her hot tunnel. I bent forward and grabbed her tits, squeezing her nipples as I pounded into her, receiving a cry of passion with each stroke.

"Oh god yes! Harder! That's it! Oh Yes! God yes! Fuck my hot cunt! Fuck me! Oh yes!" she cried as I pounded into her time and time again.

"I'm going to cum!" I grunted through clenched teeth as my balls tightened in preparation for my imminent explosion.

"YES! Fill me full... I want to feel your cum exploding inside of me!" she screamed into the morning air.

I slapped against her, one... two... three... four more strokes before my body spasmed, slamming in even harder as my first shot of cum surged out into her, making her cry once more, this time in pleasure. 

"YES!" she screamed as her body began to shudder, her orgasm triggered by the hot cum flowing from my cock into her quivering pussy. 

My body spasmed time and time again, pushing more and more cum into her as her own climax added more of her own juices to the copious amount of fluid building up inside her.  Finally my jerking and spasming eased and I was left panting and sweating, my hard dick still twitching on its own inside of her. I could feel her chest heaving as I gently massaged her tits and nipples, slick with sweat. 

"God that was mind blowing!" she panted, standing up enough to reach behind her head and pull me against her without my dick slipping from her yet. 

"I have to admit, it was probably the best fuck I have ever had." I panted as my sweaty chest pressed against her back. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it too." She panted, moving one hand from my neck to cover my right hand, squeezing her right tit with my own hand. "You certainly know how to take a girl!"

"Never done it out here before. My wife is a bit too prudish for that." I said as my breathing slowly started to return to normal.

"Yeah. My hubby is that way too. I'm glad I had a chance to try this, and to be honest, I can't think of a nicer guy to try it with."

My dick softened to the point that it slid from her pussy, uncorking a flood of juices that began to run down her legs.

"WOW!" She said as she shuffled a foot or so away from me and turned to face me. She crouched down and allowed most of our combined juices to leak from her pussy onto the ground, missing her pants, that are still bunched up on her legs below her knees. She looked up at me and grinned. "You really did fill me up." 

"I guess I did." I said a bit sheepishly, taking the opportunity to look more at her naked body.

"You like what you see?" She asked with a grin.

"Actually I do." I replied with a nod. "Figure I might as well enjoy it. I'm not likely to see it again."

She reached down and started unlacing her boots. "If that's the case, you might as well see it completely naked!"  she said as she stepped out of her boots and slid her pants off. She was now standing in the dry leaves butt naked, turning slowly so I could see her entire body. "You like?"

"Very much." I said reaching a hand out for her. She took my hand and I pulled her closer to me and leaned down, sucking one of her hard nipples into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around her rigid nipple, briefly tasting the saltiness of her sweat. She moaned quietly as I nibbled her nipple gently before kissing my way across to her other tit, tasting her salty sweat all the way across. I sucked her other nipple into my mouth and flicked it with my tongue. Her tits tasted as good in my mouth as they looked. I couldn't resist slipping a hand down her soft stomach, gently stroking back and forth as I worked it lower and lower. My fingers found her neatly trimmed bush and gently drew small circles in it while I continued to lick and nibble on her nipple.

"Oh that feels so nice." She moaned softly as I worked my fingers farther down her body, now gently stroking her soft wet pussy lips. I allowed my finger to gently stroke between her lips, finding her clit, as yet untouched in our little tryst.

"OH!" she squeaked as I drew my finger across the hard nub. "That really feels good!"

"I'm glad!" I mumbled in her tit as I began working my finger in small circles around her clit, much like my tongue was circling her nipple. 

"OHHHH!" she cried as her body trembled at my ministrations. "God you're going to make me cum again!" she squeaked.

I increased the speed of my circling finger, drawing her closer to another climax. I felt her body, soft and firm at the same time, tremble in my arms. Her first spasm jerked her body as I stoked across her clit, triggering the awaited orgasm. Time after time I stroked her clit, eliciting one long cry of pleasure that seemed to go on forever. Finally when I didn't think there could be a breath left in her, she took a deep breath and moaned, moving a hand to mine to stop my stroking, her body no longer able to handle the stimulation on her overly sensitive clit.

I released her tit from my mouth and kissed up her chest to her neck and gently kissed her neck before letting her go. She wrapped her arms around my body and pulled me tight to her, tilting her head up to mine while she pulled mine down to hers. She kissed me hungrily, her mouth practically attacking mine, her tongue pushing into mouth, finding and dueling with mine, while her hands pulled my face to hers. She was totally in control, aggressively kissing me. Slowly the tone of the kiss changed, easing and moving from aggressive to sensual, nibbling at my lips and gently licking my tongue instead of dueling with it.  Even that slowly changed until she broke the kiss after at least five minutes. She hugged me tight, our arms encircling each other and holding one another. Slowly we broke the embrace, and she stepped back. 
