 I sat across from her in the Quiet Zone on my commuter train. It was the only seat available when I reached the train moments before it left. She was young. She was pretty. I had seen her many times before on the train. I'm sure she had seen me admiring her looks and I'm sure I wasn't the only man who did.

I couldn't help but look at her and marvel at her natural beauty sitting so near to me. She always wore simple clothes and little makeup. She didn't need to alter or enhance her appearance. She was born with natural, girl-next-door wholesomeness. Oops. There, she caught me looking at her. At least I think she did. There. Again only this time I looked into her eyes and smiled. She smiled back and nodded a little.

My train ride was about 40 minutes long. She took some paper out and was making a note. I looked out the window and watched as we zoomed past the commuters stuck in their cars on the highway bordering the rail line. 

A tap on my knee. "Excuse me." I said softly looking to see what or who I had hit. The young lady had tapped my knee and was holding out a note I presumed for me to take. I looked at her, pointed at the note, then myself and shrugged. She nodded and wiggled the note at me. I reached out to take it not knowing what it might be.

"Hi. My name is Tara. My # is 787-555-3424. Please sms me now so we can chat."

I pulled out my phone and sent:

'Hi Tara. I'm Rod. Nice to meet you."

She smiled and starting typing.

I got a smiley face back then 'Hi Rod. It's so nice to meet you. I've seen you looking at me before.'

As I was reading a second message came in from Tara.

"I assume you think I'm cute. Have you seen me looking at you?"

I sent back. 'I'm that obvious? And no, I haven't noticed you watching me. Yes I think you're cute. Though I would say pretty, or beautiful."

She smiled again.

'Well. I think you're cute.'

I paused. I am on the north side of 45. I would guess Tara to be about 22 on a day when she was feeling old. 'Thank you Tara. It's been a while since someone has said that to me.'

'We don't have much time before your stop. So how cute do you think I am? I think you're cute enough to make out with.'

Wow, okay. 'Ty again. Well you're absolutely that cute, but what does make out with mean to you?'

'Well it starts with kissing and touching and then goes where ever it goes from there.'

'That's my definition too. When shall we make out? or are we just playing to pass time on the ride?'

'You get off in four stops right?'

I guess she had noticed me. 'Yes.'

'Do you know what tunnel time is?'

'I have heard of it but never done it.'

'Me neither. So let's do it. I will get off at your stop with you tonight.'

'Okay. You know I'm older than you right?'

'I know. But you're cute and you think I'm cute.'

I took a deep breath. I couldn't believe this was happening.

My phone buzzed with another text from Tara. 'OK?'

I looked at her and mouthed 'OK'.

I was a bit panicked all of a sudden. I turned my head and looked out the window watching the backyards of homes tick by one after another as we approached the next stop. It didn't calm my mind.

my phone buzzed again 'Watch my things. BRB'

Tara jumped up leaving her backpack on her seat. She was wearing tight jeans that hugged her young body showing off her shapely legs and high perfectly round ass. I watched her walk away my eyes focused on the gap at the top of her thighs. On top she was wearing a jacket of some sort and I guess a t-shirt. I couldn't believe how nervous I was feeling. What the hell was going on? What the hell was I doing? We were pulling away from the stop when Tara re-appeared stepping over our train neighbours to get back to her seat. The train jerked and tilted a bit as trains do when they start moving. Tara wobbled then fell into me, her hand landing between my legs on the seat. She paused a second and looked me in the eyes smiling.

She placed her backpack on the ground and now sat with her jacket open and her legs spread. Her tits were probably A's maybe B's and her jean covered her pussy pointed directly at me. My eyes travelled back up her body reaching her eyes. She got a big smile on her face. My phone buzzed.

'Like what you see don't you?'

I see she's confident about her looks. What was the right response? 'Of course. Who wouldn't?'

A smiley face came back to me.

Then 'We don't have much time. You have mine, now I want yours."

I looked at Tara with an inquisitive blank look on my face, then texted her '????'

'My underwear silly. It's on your seat between your legs.'

I nonchalantly put my hands between my legs. Damn. There was a balled up piece of material there. I looked down. Lacy boy shorts. Nice. An image of Tara wearing only these popped into my mind. The woman in the seat beside Tara looked at me and then at my hand but she really couldn't tell what I was holding.

'Go. Go to the bathroom now and bring me back your underwear.'

buzz. a second message from Tara.

'No underwear. No tunnel time. I will watch your stuff. GO!'

I looked at her. She tilted her head to the side and mouthed 'Hurry'.

I stood up placing my laptop bag on my seat. Our seat mates were now annoyed with the interruptions. I squeezed past people standing in the aisles to get to the washroom. Damn. Someone was in there. Come on. Hurry up. I stood outside tapping my foot looking anxious. People were looking at me. I'm pretty sure some of them thought I was going to wet myself because of how I was behaving. Little did they know. I was still holding Tara's underwear, passing it from hand to hand, squeezing it in some vain attempt to release tension. I looked around and considered going to another car. We were arriving at the next stop. I turned and started to walk away. Panicked I wouldn't be able to fulfill Tara's request I was looking for somewhere to... I heard the latch on the lavatory door. I pushed a couple of people aside and passed the person coming out in the doorway. They looked at me like I was a fool.

I locked the door, kicked off my loafers. I looked around for somewhere to put Tara's underwear. Nowhere. I put them in my mouth while I undid my pants. I slid my underwear off. I was already half hard in anticipation and the excitement of what was happening. I paused for a moment taking Tara's panties out of my mouth and holding them up to my nose. I swear I could smell her excitement on them. My erection continued to grow. I rubbed my cock with her underwear quickly raising my erection further. I felt the train pulling away. On with my pants and shoes. I tucked my mostly erect cock to the side as best I could and shrugged at the bulge in my pants. Who cared if anyone noticed? I reached for the door. Damn. How do I carry her underwear and mine back. I balled my briefs up as best I could into my palm and thought 'To hell with anyone who sees or thinks whatever.' 

My phone buzzed 'Where are you?'

'was occupied. coming'

There were fewer people in the aisles but our seat mates were still there. I stepped over and between their feet and legs. Maybe Tara hadn't planned her fall when she left her underwear between my legs. This was not easy when people didn't at least try to make it easier getting by them.

So now I'm at my seat about to sit down with a pair of underwear balled up in each hand. I shuffled about picking up my laptop bag so my seat was clear. I looked at Tara and rolled my eyes while I sat down. She burst out laughing. Ah, an idea of how to get my underwear to Tara. I spread my legs and slid my bag onto the floor at my seat. Tara's bag was right there next to mine. I pulled open a zipper on my bag, then another and pretended to rummage around. I glanced up. No one except Tara was watching me. I opened a zipper on her bag and slipped my black underwear into her bag. I sat back.

buzz went my phone. 'Sneaky. but you could have just handed them to me.'

I looked at her and raised my eyebrows. I don't think she meant that but I decided to call her bluff. I leaned forward reached into her bag, pulled out my underwear and causally placed my hand on her lap.

Her eyes opened wide in disbelief and her face flushed. She reached out and grabbed my underwear with both hands. I sat back, stared into her eyes and held her balled up panties under up to my nose. I closed my eyes and exaggerated an inhale.

Tara stuffed my underwear between her legs and picked up her phone typing madly.

'oh god. you just made me so embarrassed then so horny.'

Tara unfolded my under wear on her lap. Looking up at me she mouthed 'Nice.'

buzz

'can't wait to see you in these one day, but glad they're out of the way tonight"

'Yours are nice too. smell great. taste better. ;)'

'you making me so wet.'

I looked up and Tara spread her legs then causally rubbed her pussy through her jeans.

my phone buzzed

'any idea how we're going to do this?'

I smiled and replied 'no. but we're two smart people. If other people can figure it out so can we.'

We were at the stop before mine. Our two seat mates both left and the car we were in was now mostly empty. Tara sent another text.

'Btw. I noticed ur as horny as I am. nice erection.'

'I guess I am. can't wait to feel and taste your wetness' I replied.

Tara shifted to the seat beside me. She leaned on the arm between us bringing her head close to mine.

"I'm so scared and so excited," she said softly then kissed me on the cheek.

We weren't in anyone's line of sight so no one could really see what was going on as long they were seated.

I turned my head to face her "Me too," then kissed her on the mouth.

Her eyes popped open again and she gasped a little. Then she put a hand around my neck and one between my legs pulling me to her for a deep kiss. We kissed for several seconds while Tara rubbed my cock through my pants. 

"I can't wait to suck this." and she squeezed my penis.

We stopped kissing and sat back. Her left hand fondling my cock, my right hand rubbing her pussy through her jeans.

We were approaching my stop. We kissed again as the train started to slow. I was so horny. I wanted Tara right there. We grabbed our things and rushed down the stairs exiting the doors as they were closing. There were 5 minutes before a train left heading back into town and 20 minutes before the next rush hour train arrived on the same platform we were on.

We dawdled walking down the platform. The nervous energy from both of us was so apparent others would have noticed if they weren't racing to get home. Everyone was off the platform by the time we reached the stairs. My brain was thrashing through the layout of the tunnels trying to figure out how and where we could do what we were about to do.

Tara was about to take a step down the second flight of stairs into the tunnel. I grabbed her arm and stopped her. I pushed up against the wall, dropping my bag and devoured her in a kiss.

"what are you doing? Here?" she asked breaking away from our kiss.

"Yes." I started undoing her pants then slid my hand up under her top grabbing her tit. People will be walking by in the tunnel for the train into town." Tara grabbed my belt and had my pants undone before I could finish the next sentence. "The next train arrives here in 20 minutes.

"Perfect." And she kissed me grabbing at my cock while I mashed, and fondled her tits. Tweaking her nipples with pinches and caresses.

I couldn't remember the last time I felt that much urgency about sex. Tara stopped fondling my crotch long enough to slip her backpack off her shoulders. I took the opportunity to finish undoing her pants and slipped a hand inside. Her cunt was drenched, oozing tons of pussy goo onto her jeans and now my hands.

We kissed again Tara having freed herself of her bag. She tugged my pants over my hips. They fell to my knees. Her hands were all over my cock and balls.

"Do I suck or do we fuck? I've never done this before," Tara managed to ask between kisses and moans.

I didn't answer in words, I placed my hands on her shoulders and pushed down. Tara didn't need a lot of encouragement. She bent down and started licking and sucking my cock.

She was young but obviously enjoyed giving blow jobs. She slid her mouth up and down my shaft slowly inching a little more of my erection into her mouth with each pass. Every four or five strokes she would pull me completely out of her mouth, kiss the head on my penis then hold my shaft against my belly, licking my sack and sucking each testicle into her mouth once or twice. 

I'm normally a patient non-assertive lover but on her fourth journey down my shaft I couldn't take her slow buildup any longer. I pulled her hands from my balls and cock and placed them on my ass. Then I put my hands on the back of her head and forced her to take my full 7.5 inches into her mouth and down her throat. I could feel her fighting her gag reflex the first few times then I forced myself into her throat and held her there until she was pushing my hips away with her hands trying to make space for air to get to her lungs.

The train heading into town arrived on the other track. I heard people's footfalls in the tunnel so I pulled Tara up and started kissing her pressing her against the wall so we weren't so visible if anyone walking by looked up. Slobber was running down her chin. Her eyes watered enough that tears were dripping down her cheeks. I slid two fingers into her pussy. She was tight but there was so much pussy lube there was little resistance and my little sex kitten just moaned louder. I would guess there were only four or five people who got off and walked through the tunnel.

"Oh god. Thank you. This is so great Rod. Fuck me. Make me suck you again. Do what you want to me"

I guess she was enjoying me taking charge. She kissed me again stuffing my mouth with her tongue.

It was my turn. I pushed Tara's pants down. She wiggled her hips helping me. I bent over sliding her tight jeans down to her ankles. I spun her around and pushed her head down forcing her to bend at her hips. Her ass was beautiful. Small and tight with a little roundness where there should be roundness. I dove in licking and sucking her ass then her pussy. I stuck a thumb on her clit and started spinning circles around and over it. My tongue and lips continued working her cunt and anus randomly licking, biting and probing.

"YES YES YES. OHHHHhhhhhhhhh."

My little tunnel lover came shaking her tight little body in raucous rhythms. I knew we only had a few minutes until the next train. I stood up, spun Tara around pushing her down to once again take me in her mouth. I grabbed a bunch of her hair in one hand and steered my cock into her mouth with the other. I started pumping. My little angel grabbed my balls and base of my cock. I closed my eyes my orgasm rushing into my scrotum.

I held her head and drove my cock as deep as I could squashing her hand between her mouth and my pelvis. I unloaded what felt like a quart of cum into Tara's mouth. She swallowed a lot but some spilled out and down her chin. I stood there with my cock in her mouth slowly easing my grip, allowing Tara to suck and lick up the last few drips of cum oozing out the tip of my cock.

DING DING DING!! Shit. The train was pulling in. We didn't say anything. We just started scrambling to pull up and fasten pants and get out of there. We snuck in one more cum flavored kiss before heading downstairs holding hands.

We were silent until we came up on the other side of the tunnel. Tara jumped into my arms and I swung her around, set her down and kissed her.

"WOW." I said to her hugging her. "You were incredible."

"WOW." She repeated. "Most exciting sex I've ever had."

People were coming up from the tunnel but we didn't pay them any heed. We kissed again hugging and Tara naturally grabbed my cock and squeezed it gently not caring if anyone saw.

"That was fucking incredible." I continued softly. "I was so fucking scared and nervous."

"You? What about me? You were in complete control jamming your cock down my throat. No one has ever done that to me... and I loved it!" She kissed me again. I heard the train pulling away then it hit me.

"You just missed that train."

Tara burst out laughing. "We're idiots!!" she screamed. "But happy satisfied idiots. Let's go back and fuck before the next train arrives. I want you to fuck me. Come on." People had finished coming out of the tunnel. I didn't hesitate. I allowed Tara to pull me back into the tunnel and back to our landing. We were just getting started kissing and groping again when we heard the ding of another train arriving.

"Shit. I forgot. There's another train right after that last one."

Tara already had my cock in her hand. "Think of something fast. I'm having too much fun. I want to stand somewhere holding your cock while everyone walks by."

"What?"

"Come on. You're smart. Hurry or I run up and get on this train and we don't fuck."

I did up my button and my belt leaving my cock hanging out of my zipper. I grabbed her hand and our bags and headed into the tunnel my erection looking like a compass needle pointing the wat.

"Okay. Come here and stand beside me. Closer. Now grab my cock." I reached into my bag and pulled out a transit map, unfolding it. People were coming down the stairs.

"Here hold that corner against the wall with your other hand."

She grabbed the map just as people starting streaming by. It was noisy with everyone racing to their cars so I could say anything to her. It didn't have to be about the map.

"Having fun are we?" I asked pretending to be referencing the map, nodding my head this way and that.

"I sure am. This is so incredible. The only thing that would be more fun would be me sucking you with all these people walking by." Tara said slowly stroking my cock, keeping it erect.

I smiled, "Well, I think more people may take notice if you were on your knees and I was fucking your mouth."

"You're making me so hot talking about fucking my mouth. Should we try and see if anyone notices. Oh look. Precum. I want some, now." Tara let go of the map. It started to fall. I reached up with my free hand keeping my left side pressed against her right side. The last few people were filing by while Tara dipped fingers from her left hand into the dollop of precum she had successfully milked from my cock. She coated the tips of two fingers raising one to her mouth and sucking it clean then holding the other one out for me. "It's good. You should try it."

I looked at her with an expression that said "you're kidding right?"

"No licky. No fucky."

I sucked her salty finger into my mouth.

"Good boy. You're fun."

"Excuse me?"

Two young ladies were standing behind us speaking to us. They were about Tara's age. We looked over our shoulders at them.

"Which way is south? We're supposed to meet friends at the south pick up area." the pretty young lady asked

I nodded "It's that way."

"Okay. Thank you. Do you know where the pickup area is?"

"Sure. Go up the stairs and walk straight ahead. you won't miss it." I said sharply.

Her shapely friend then asked, "Are there washrooms on that side?"

Tara switched hands on my cock and turned to face the two young ladies exposing her grip on my erection, "Look sisters. We're kinda busy here," she said nodding her head towards my cock. "So if you don't mind go up the damn stairs and ask someone else." 

The two girls looked down at my cock being held by Tara. "Oh. Oh my. Sorry. We didn't know." Then they stood there staring at my dick in Tara's hand.

"Nice cock isn't it," Tara said "and honestly I want it in my pussy before the next train arrives. So unless you want to stand and watch or participate I suggest you get a move on."

"Oh. right. Sorry." and the two stunned young ladies turned and walked away as quickly as they could. As they turned the corner to go up the stairs Tara and I burst out laughing.
