 This was about three years ago. There was this intern in one of the offices I was taking care of. I was a janitor at the time. She was about 5'6", nice hourglass shape, curves in all the right places, long brown hair, sparkling blue eyes, and a nice set of breasts; a handful, but not too big. We had been flirting a bit over several weeks, innocent stuff mostly. I don't remember exactly how it happened, but we were in the hallway and got on the subject of a set of tunnels, linking several buildings in the complex. I had been through them before. She hadn't. I jokingly offered her a tour some night after she had finished work. Two nights later she took me up on it...

So we waited until roughly 6pm when most people have left for the night. She's dressed in a skirt, button down blouse, heels and stockings, and wearing glasses (I have a thing for glasses). So I open the door to the stairs which lead to a little maintenance shop. I go first to make sure there's no one there then motion for her to follow. We walk over to another set of stairs which lead into the tunnel system. Being the gentleman, I help her down the stairs as they are cracked and worn, and lead her through the first tunnel which is narrow and has a little ditch for the rain. I lifted her at one point to cross over an intersecting ditch and cracked floor, feeling her arms around me, her breasts against my chest, being separated only by the clothes we were wearing. As I set her down, she kissed my cheek and thanked me. Made me blush a bit and she commented about how cute I looked, which made me blush even more. We walked further, our only light coming from small light sockets placed about every 20 feet apart. We came up to a crossroads. Four tunnels, three different directions we could go.

We had just come from the tunnel leading east, so I explain where the north and west tunnels lead. The tunnel to the south was partially blocked off as the company does not own that particular building. But there are still conduits and lights leading that way, so there was enough room at the top to get through if needed. There was also a ledge about two feet high so you could lift yourself over. She looked down each tunnel as I explained them, then walked over to the blocked off one, asked me to help her up so she could get a better look. I held her hand as she stepped up, then she placed my hand on her hip to steady her. I placed my other hand, standing right behind her, looking at her ass, on her other hip. She looked down the passageway for a minute or so, then placed her hands on mine, I assumed to step down. She took my hands and moved them slowly to her breasts. This drew me into her, and my head against her back and her ass against my chest. She looked back at me with a grin on her face to see a bit of a shocked expression on mine. She told me she was moving on in the company soon and wanted to thank me. I have never gotten so hard so fast. She asked me to help her turn around so she could look at me. I did, and she was smiling this seductive little smirk.

She motioned her head for me to step back and I did. She move her hands to her blouse and proceeded to unbutton it, slowly. As she comes to the end, she pulls it from her skirt. The last button undone, she opened her blouse to reveal a white lace bra, which barely covered her nipples. She slid out of her blouse, dropping it to the ledge. Next she unbuttoned the side of her skirt, undoing the zipper, letting it fall to the ledge as well. Underneath, she was wearing white lace panties and a garter, which are attached to the stockings. She looked at me, lifting her breasts and asked if I liked the sight. All I could do was nod, a little shocked at what was happening. She reached out her hands and asked me to help her down. Which of course I do, and she put her arms around my neck and mine around her waist, she hopped down, kissing me. Not just a peck, but a full kiss forcing her tongue into my mouth. At that point I thought what the hell and went with it. I kissed her back, our tongues dancing around each other. Her arms let go of my neck, and started tugging my shirt off, which I gladly obliged. The shirt off, she went after the belt of my pants, then the button, and the zipper. In quick succession, we were there in the tunnel wearing very little. Our hands started exploring each other, mine being drawn to her breasts, hers along my chest.

We were kissing each other hot and heavy, the weeks of flirting and building tension finally being let free. We were both moaning at each other's touch and you could begin to hear a soft echo coming from the sound. I'm manhandling her breasts and she is scraping her nails across my chest then back. I fumble a little to find the clasp of her bra, finding it in the front. I quickly unclasp it, letting it drape on her shoulders as my hands grab her firm, perky breasts. My fingers dig into them, and she breaks our kiss, to kiss and bite my neck. She moved down, over my neck, my chest, pinched my nipples, and moved further down. She sat on the ledge, and quickly, almost violently pulls my cock from my underwear. Her hands grab my ass and she swirls her tongue around my tip a couple of times before taking it in my mouth. I gasp in surprise as she wastes no time swallowing my cock. She pulls my ass into her, taking me all the way into her mouth. I couldn't tell you exactly what she did, but it is one of the best blowjobs I have ever had. Between massaging my balls, stroking me with her hand and taking me all the way in, I almost came. She stopped before I did, thankfully.

At that point, she stood and turned around. Slowly, she slid her panties down her legs giving me a nice view of her wet slit. My hands grabbed her hips and squeezed slightly. She turned her head and grinned, placing her hands on the ledge. I moved forward and pressed my cock against her slit, parting it as I slid in. I pressed my tip against her opening. She looked at me and whispered, 'Fuck me. Fuck me good.' I could see the desire in her eyes and hear it in her voice. I pushed forward, my tip pushing against her, then entering her. Slowly I slid myself into her. But I did not stop until my balls were resting against her clit. She gasped as I finished, and the echo was intoxicating. Slowly I slid out, teasing her. Slowly in again, slowly out. She apparently had enough as the next time I started to slide in, she slammed her hips back. We both gasped loudly at the sensation. I took this as it was and stopped with the slow gentle approach. I began thrusting in and out of her quickly, hard. Each stoke was faster than the last. The echoes... oh the echoes of our bodies coming together, then apart. Our moans, squeals, and then her begging for more. It began to sound as if there were ten of us in that tunnel, the echoes reverberated so much.

I could have sworn she hit her head against the wall, but could never be sure. She was turned just enough I could watch her right breast bouncing back and forth. My cock was sliding against her left inner wall because of her position and it felt wonderful. I don't know exactly how long I fucked her like that, it seemed like forever, especially with the sweat pouring from our bodies. It was warm down there, which made it all the better. I knew she had cum at least once, maybe twice as I fucked her, everything was so slick. From my cock and her pussy to my balls and the top of her legs. I knew I was close and was not wearing protection (absolutely HATE condoms), so I told her I was close. She demanded I cum in her mouth. So I pulled out after several more quick, hard thrusts, took my cock in my hand, stroking as she turned and knelt down. A little too late though as suddenly I came. On her glasses, the force of the first gush was so strong, though by the second, she had her mouth opened and almost around my tip. As I continued to cum, she took over stroking my cock, sucking hard on my tip, taking every last drop. She swallowed it all, wiping what she could from her face and glasses. I stood there for a minute, collecting myself. She sat on the ledge, her legs open, breathing heavily. Seeing this sight, I couldn't resist. I dropped to my knees in front of her, took her legs in my hands, spreading them, and buried my face in her pussy.

Now, I love a freshly fucked pussy, and this was probably the sweetest I have ever tasted. When I buried my fave, I immediately wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked. She tensed and squealed in delight, putting her hands on the back of my head. I sucked harder, flicking her expanded nub with my tongue. Faster and harder I sucked and flicked and I could feel her fingers grip my hair and her nails dig into my scalp. I lifted her legs over my shoulders so I could free my hands. One hand went to her breast, pinching and pulling her erect nipple. The other, I slid into her wet pussy, sliding in and out several times before moving it down. I pressed my finger against her anus, not penetrating. I circled around it several times. All at once, I pulled her nipple hard, bit slightly on her erect clit, and pushed my finger into her ass. The only way I can describe the sound she made was it was a mixture of pain and sheer delight. She squirmed on the ledge, unable to really move away as her feet were in the air. 

The echo of that sound stays with me to this day. I worked her clit, her nipple and pushed my finger in her ass as far as I could. By the time my finger was all in, she was cumming again. She pushed my head into her pussy as I released her clit and started licking her cum from her pussy. Her legs clamped down on my head, creating such a sensation as I have never again felt. It was difficult to breath, but was such a joy to lick her juices up and ride out her orgasm in such pain and ecstasy. As her orgasm began to subside, she released my head and begged me to stop. I slid my finger from her ass, slowly, teasing. She slapped my head for that. I released her nipple. And I slid my head from her legs, sitting down in front of her, a little disoriented. After several minutes went by, we got dressed as best we could, and started to make our way back. We chatted a little, but about nothing in particular. We kissed goodbye before we ascended the steps. A long, deep kiss. She made her way to leave, and I made my way to eat. I saw her a few times after, and we flirted like before, but never had another opportunity to venture into those tunnels again. A month later she was off to her new position, and I have never seen her again.