 "I have to pee," Rose said quietly. 

"Seriously?" I asked my best friend's 20-year-old daughter. We'd been sitting in the blind since dawn and seen several nice hens walk through our artificial flock of decoys in the last three hours, but to our disappointment no gobblers yet. We knew there were at least two close by, but they hadn't come in because of the real hens. Why go to a hen if the hen will come to you?

"Yeah," she said, biting her lower lip. 

"Well. If you go outside the blind, we can give up on any birds today. In here we're masked and they can't see us, but out there it's a totally different story. If you spook one of those hens, they all go."

"So what should I do? I can't hold it a whole lot longer."

"Hold it?"

"Not gonna happen," she said with a frown.

"Okay," I answered, looking around the blind floor. I quickly spotted what I wanted, an empty twenty ounce soda bottle. I picked it up and dug out my knife, quickly cutting the top off. "Here. You can pee in this and we'll pour it outside."

"Pee in this? Really?" she asked, looking at me like I had three heads.

"Unless you have another idea," I said, beginning to regret bringing her out. I'd have thought Don would have taken his daughter years ago, but even now he was reluctant to take her and quickly jumped in to encourage me to take her when she asked me two weeks ago. She didn't ask her dad, but asked me, telling me that her dad just didn't have the patience I did, like when I was teaching her how to fish. 

I reluctantly agreed, knowing that she didn't really have all the camo clothing to stalk, so I set us up for a stationary hunt. It was mid-morning and the sun beating on the two man blind was making it like an oven. She'd long since peeled off the sweat pants she'd worn to ward off the morning chill and was sitting in shorts and a light weight long sleeve camo shirt I'd loaned her. I'd ditched all I could as well, and was down to just my light weight camo pants and long sleeved shirt. 

"Okay, so I'm going to have to take my pants off to do this. Especially with as little room as there is."

"Okay. I guess I can close my eyes."

"Come on mister S. You want me to believe that you're not going to look, with me half naked in front of you?"

"I won't. I promise."

"Mister S. I've seen you look at me in a bikini. I'm not sure I really believe you're NOT going to look."

"If I say I won't, then I won't," I answered. 

We sat in silence for several minutes. "Okay. I have to go and I don't care if you look or not," she said as she stood up, half bent over in the tight confines. I closed my eyes as she started to push down her shorts and did my level best to NOT peek at her while she was going. I heard the sound of water flowing and knew she was peeing in the cut off bottle. "So what do I do with it now?" I heard her ask.

"Just dump it outside from under the edge of the blind." I said, keeping my eyes closed. I could hear her pour it out and then the rustle of fabric which I assumed was her getting dressed again. 

"Okay you can open your eyes now."

"OH SHIT! ROSE!" I said in shock as I looked at her, wearing nothing but her shoes as she squatted in front of me, her shaved mound and teen age looking pussy as exposed as her bare tits and rock hard nipples. Her breasts were probably a modest C cup, looking soft and inviting, her pink round areola at least a full third of the front of each breast. Her nipples were nearly as big around as my pinky, sticking out nearly as far. 

"Your turn," she said, ignoring my shock at her nudity.

"I didn't say I had to pee," I protested, not sure what to do or say. 

"No. But it's only fair, right? I mean you've been looking at me, don't you think I should get to see you back?" she said as she stayed squatted in front of me, one knee on each side of my legs. She reached into my lap with her free hand and rubbed her palm against my inexplicably hard cock through my hunting pants. "Besides, I'd kinda like to see it when it's hard like this."

"Shit Rose! How is this anywhere even close to appropriate?"

"Hey. Come on Mister S. I mean it IS fair, isn't it? You get to see me, I get to see you?"

"Rose! What are you thinking?"

"I'm thinking that you wouldn't want me to tell my dad that you were staring at me naked out here, or Missus S, would you?"

"First off, I'm not staring, and second, I didn't have anything to do with you being undressed!"

"Mister S? Seriously? Who's gonna believe that? I mean here I am, naked, and you're saying you're not staring at my cunt?"

"What is it with kids and dirty mouths these days?" I said, hoping to change the topic and damn fast.

"What's wrong with cunt?"

"Vagina, pussy, but not cunt. Cunt is dirty!"

"Doesn't matter what I call it. You're still staring at it. I just think I should get the same chance." 

"Same chance as what?"

"To see you."

"What?"

"To see your dick, cock, prick, whatever you want to call it."

"Jesus you can't be serious!"

"I am!" she said as she rubbed her hand on my groin again. "I mean it's only fair that I should get to see your hardon, since it's making my pussy so wet thinking about it."

"Shit Rose! Put your damn clothes back on!" I swore as I pulled her hand from my lap.

"No. Not until you return the favor."

"Return the favor? Like get naked? You gotta be kidding!" I answered, practically in shock.

"Yeah. I mean why not? You lived through the sixties. You know, free love and all that stuff, right?"

"Rose. I was a KID when the sixties were going on. I wasn't part of the sexual revolution!"

"Well, today kids my age are a lot less uptight about sex and nudity and that kind of thing. So for me, yeah, turnabout is fair play."

"God Rose. I'm more than twice your age. Why the hell would you even WANT to see me naked?"

"Well, this for one," she said, reaching her hand into my lap again and rubbing the bulge there. "I've seen how hard you get in your swim suit when I'm wearing a bikini. I mean you try and hide it, but I can see it. I know you have the hots for me."

"I DON'T have the hots for you!"

"Oh Mister S. You don't fool me. I KNOW you have the hots for my body. I mean come on, how could you not. Nice young pussy, firm boobies. How could you NOT wanna touch it?" she said, moving her hand from my lap where I'd tried to push her hand away, instead pulling my hand with hers to press my palm against her bare breast. "Doesn't that feel nice? Soft and smooth. Can you feel how hard my nipple is? I bet you'd like to touch my pussy too, wouldn't you?"

"ROSE!" I protested as she rolled herself to her knees, lifting her body higher in front of me. She pushed my knees apart with one hand and leaned in closer to me between them, pulling my hand down from her tit to her crotch at the same time. 

She pushed my hand between her legs, my fingers feeling her hot wet pussy until she had it far enough between her legs to press my palm up against her pussy. "Oh yeah. Feel how hot and wet I am? God, I'm sooooo fuckng horny right now."

"Rose. This isn't right."

"Oh come on Mister S. You know you've wanted to see me naked. Well, here I am. All I want in return is the same thing. That's not too much to ask is it?"

"I still don't understand why you'd even want to see an old fart like me naked. I mean don't you have younger guys you wanna see?"

"I've seen younger guys. I wanna see you. I wanna see what always makes that bulge. You know, I'll tell you a secret," she said before dropping to a whisper. "I always wear the tiniest bikini my dad will let me when I know you're gonna be around."

"Rose! Why? I'm more than twice your age!"

"So? Come on Mister S. I mean, who's gonna know, right? We're out here in the woods. No one to see, no one to hear except some turkeys. Come on. Do it for me."

"Geez Rose," I said, pulling my hand from her pussy after she let go of my wrist. Her hands moved to my shirt and started unbuttoning it. 

"I know you're hot, so why not get comfortable?" she said as she undid the last button at the top. She pushed the shoulders of the shirt off and tried to pull it down my arms until I finally gave in and allowed her to pull the shirt over my head and off both arms. "There. That's a start," she said as she stood up, bending over me, her tits practically in my face as she pulled on my camo t-shirt. "Help me out here, unless of course you LIKE having my tits in your face."

"Can't say I don't," I mumbled, leaning forward slightly to let her pull my shirt up my body. She leaned toward me a little farther, her firm little C cup boob pressing against my face as she eased my shirt up my back. She leaned away to pull my shirt up over my head, pulling her chest away from my face. 

"Somebody liked that," she said with a grin as she dropped the shirt. "Help me with your pants and I'll see if maybe we can do a little more of that."

"Rose. This is a bad idea," I said quietly, reaching for and holding her hands. "What if someone comes?"

"If they do, we'll just say we were going to the bathroom. I mean it's the truth right?"

"Rose, there isn't anything that I could say that would convince ANYONE that what we're doing in here isn't inappropriate."

"Well in that case, we might as well be inappropriate!" she said, easing her hands out of my grip and moving back to undo my pants. "Tell you what. It's kinda tight in here. How about I kneel down and you can stand up as much as you can and I'll pull em down, okay?"

"You're sure about this?"

"One hundred percent. Besides, I'm not getting dressed until you take yours off, so you might as well," she said with a grin, kneeling down in front of me. With a sigh of resignation, I pushed myself up from the chair and stood bent over the ceiling of the blind well shorter than either of us are. I mean I felt like she kinda had me over a barrel. I could take my pants off and let her see my dick or we could sit out here the rest of the morning naked, and then what? "Oh damn," she said quietly as she pulled my pants and briefs down, my hard cock nearly slapping her in the face as it popped free of its bent over positon in my pants. She pulled my pants all the way to the tops of my boots and then let go, reaching for my dick with both of her hands.

"Hey!" I hissed as I sat back down, reaching for her hands again. "You said look, remember?"

"Yeah, but damn. I mean Mister S. It's so fucking big."

"It's not that big."

"Yeah it is. It has to be at least, what eight or nine inches? It's enough that both hands won't cover it."

"What. You've never seen one this big? Seriously?"

"Seriously," she said as she stared at my dick in her hands. "But hey. I'm forgetting myself. I promised you something if you helped," she said as she stood back up. She leaned over me, using one hand on the back of my hunting chair to hold herself bent over as she stood between my legs, her titties hanging down in front of my face. "Feel free to touch or lick or whatever you want," she whispered as she reached down into my lap with her free hand to wrap it around my dick. 

It was against all my better judgment, but then we were way past that point anyway with both of us naked. I reached up with both hands and cupped her breasts, gently squeezing them and kneading them. I leaned my head back a little and coaxed her farther over me, squeezing one of her breasts to push her nipple out toward me, opening my mouth and drawing the whole front into my mouth. 

"Ohhhhhhh fuck," she moaned softly as I swirled my tongue around her rigid nipple, teasing the sides of it and her puckered areola at the same time. Her hand stroked slowly up and down my shaft, her palm sliding over my head with each stroke, pushing my level of excitement higher by the second. "God I love how you do that," she cooed softly.

"UH huh," I answered in a grunt as I released one tit with my hand and reached back down between her legs, this time teasing my fingers not only across, but between her wet lips. I stroked back and forth in time with her strokes of my cock, dipping my finger into her damn tight tunnel entrance at the back of each stroke and rubbing across her hard little clit at the other end of the stroke.

"You trying to make me come? Because you're gonna," she moaned as I pushed my finger slightly deeper into her hot wetness. 

"I could," I answered quietly. "About as easy as you could make me come right now."

"I want to feel you inside me," she moaned, straightening up suddenly, pulling her nipple from my mouth. She stepped back and then back forward again, this time with her legs on the outside of mine. I knew what was coming next, but my brain was too clouded with desire to stop her as she moved closer, still holding my cock in one hand. She spread her legs slightly and pointed my engorged mushroom head toward her pussy as she lowered herself down. "Ohhhhhh fuck," she moaned as she rubbed my head between her lips and then settled some of her weight down on it. I could feel my head engage into the entrance to her depths, her body pressing down on me as it tried to expand to accept my substantial girth. "Oh fuck yes!" she moaned as the pressure on my dick suddenly changed, my head slipping inside of her and penetrating up into her a couple inches. She started slowly lifting and lowering herself, my hands almost automatically moving to her soft round tits, her strokes slowly working more and more of me into herself. 

"Oh my god you're tight," I groaned as she worked me into herself far enough that her bare ass touched my thighs. "But sweetie you're gonna make me come if you keep doing that."

"That's the idea, isn't it?" she asked breathlessly as she held my shoulders for balance and lifted and dropped herself on my shaft. 

"Yeah, but we shouldn't," I groaned, trying to hold back the inevitable. "You should get off now."

"I don't think so," she moaned just before my body jerked hard, jamming my cock up into her. "FUCK!" she gasped as my spasm nearly lifted her off her feet, a powerful surge of cum pushing up into her. "Oh yeah. That's it. Cum for me." She panted as my dick emptied inside her, my body spasming time after time. "You can't tell me you never dreamed of doing that."

"Okay. I did a few times." I panted as I sat there trying to catch my breath after the powerful climax.

"Well, you'll get to again, because I'm not nearly done."

"Yeah, well I don't think my dick is going to be useable for a while."

"I bet it will be," she said with a grin. She pushed up off of me, pulling off my softening dick. She stepped back and pushed my legs apart, kneeling down again between them. With a grin, she leaned her face down toward my dick and engulfed it in her hot mouth. 

"You really wanna do that? I mean after I came in you and all?"

"If I have my way, you'll come in me again," she said with a giggle before putting my softened dick back in her mouth. She licked and sucked and slurped on my dick until it was once again growing hard. "That's it," she said, lifting her face off my now mostly hard dick and moving closer to me to tease my head around her hard nipples. "You like this? You like seeing your dick teasing my nipples? Remember the cookout last summer? The one where I had on that little black bikini top and those really tiny shorts? I bet you'd have loved to take my top off and do this then. You were so hard. Did you notice I didn't have any underwear on? I tried to flash you my pussy when no one was watching."

"Ohhhhh," I groaned, remembering the view of her bending over one time far enough that the crotch of her shorts pulled between her lips, giving me a brief view of her pussy before she straightened. 

"You do remember. If you'd have come into the house at the right time you'd have seen a lot more. I could have pulled my shorts down and let you really see me, not just little peeks," she said as she stood up again. She bent herself awkwardly in the low ceiling blind, spreading her pussy lips to show her pink inner depths. "You could have seen me do this," she said softly, sliding one hand between her legs and curling two fingers into her own pussy. "Wanna put your dick here again? Wanna let me ride your sexy cock and make you come again?"

"Oh damn," was all I could answer. It seemed to be enough of an answer for her. She moved across my legs again, straddling me. With a grin, she reached down to guide my now hard dick into her pussy as she sat down on me. 

"Ohhhh Yeah. That's it!" she moaned softly as my saliva covered cock slipped easily into her hot wet depths. She slowly lowered herself down my shaft, letting her body expand to take me in until her bare ass cheeks were resting on my thighs. "God I wanna come sooooo bad!" she moaned as she started to slide up and down my shaft. 

I reached my right hand up to her left tit, cupping and squeezing it while I reached to her pussy with my left. I held my hand so each slide down my shaft trapped her hard little clit between my shaft and fingers. She gasped at the sudden change in sensations and moaned her appreciation. "Oh fuck me."

"I think we are," I whispered back before leaning my head forward to capture her free tit in my mouth. I drew the whole front of her sexy little tit into my mouth, stroking her nipple and areola with my tongue. 

"Oh fuck oh fuck," she moaned over and over as she bounced herself faster on my shaft. With each stroke she rolled her hips, pressing her clit harder into my dick and fingers. "Oh fuck! Gonna come!" she gasped after several minutes of this attention. I increased my attention to her nipples, nibbling on the one in my mouth and squeezing the other between my finger and thumb. "OH FUCK!" she practically screamed as she jammed her pulsating pussy down my shaft, her body dissolving into shudders and trembles. I stroked her clit with my finger, pushing her climax even farther up the slope. Her body shook uncontrollably on my lap, gushes of her girl cum pushing out around my dick and finger to leak down around my thighs and into the chair. "Oh fuck! Stop. Stop!" she gasped after almost a minute, reaching down to pull my fingers away from her pussy. 

I released her breasts and moved both hands to her hips and rest them there while she sat astride me, gasping for air. "Fuck you can make a girl come!" she finally got out. 

"Glad you enjoyed it."

"Oh hell yeah, just give me a minute and I'll return the favor!"

"You don't have to."

"The hell I don't!" she said with a grin. 

"I was surprised how much you came."

"Only when it's a REALLY good one!"

"Well. It does leave a little problem."

"You mean you smell like pussy? I was thinking about that. You know there's that little creek we crossed coming in. I bet we could wash off in that."

"You mean out there, naked?"

"You mean you don't want to see me naked anymore?"

"I didn't say that, but hell, anyone could see us."

"Like who? Everyone else is up by the far field. I haven't heard any gobbles, so why would anyone come down here?"

"Bad idea," I said shaking my head. 

"Worse than sticking your hard dick in me? Which by the way is still hard," she said as she wiggled herself on my shaft as if she really needed to remind me that I was still hard and wouldn't at all mind coming again. 

"More likely to be caught."

"More risk more fun!" she answered. "Come on Mister S! I dare ya. I double dare ya!"

"You like taking risks, don't you?"

"It makes the sex soooo much hotter if there's a little risk."

"Like having sex with me here."

"Sorta kinda! How about it. Take me to the creek and you can fuck me more!"

"I can fuck you more here."

"Yeah. But wouldn't it be more fun out there?"

"More dangerous. We're not the only ones that hunt, and we ARE close to the property boundary."

"Really? So someone could catch us?"
