 Have you ever watched as your lover rolls onto his belly and punch a pillow into a ball as he collapses onto it after a rather vigorous session of sex. Yes I do mean sex. Love making has all of the passion and power of sex, yet has that tender slower paced affection tossed in that doesn't tire as much as builds more passion and cuddling. So, yes I am talking those moments of pure energetic lust filled Sex. That ball draining orgasmic power house of wanton sex that can only be sustained for so long. It may be 5 min or multiple hours, but eventually you collapse trying to recover your breath for hopefully another round or sleep.

I love to see his nude form sprawled out in front of me. His face turned toward me as it rests on the pillow. A slight sneering smile as his eyes coast over my breast as I roll toward him getting up on one elbow. In an effort he tries to slow his breathing as sweat beads on his back. That exhilarating after sex musk smell lays heavy in the air. I want to reward his self sacrificing effort to make sure that I came first, and many more times, during his burst of masculine dominance. Taking me to the brink and pushing me so far over it in such swift, long, powerful, strokes of his tongue, hands and that lovely cock of his. Men can be so amazing once they've been trained if you let them.

Yet, to lay there naked and spent before me as I watch his lungs fill, his shoulders broaden, and his core muscles become more defined. His legs slightly spread, to air cool his cock and balls as they still glisten with our mixed moisture. I can't resist sliding my hands up his moist back as his as still clenches in after orgasmic pulses cascade through his body. Shifting down to his ass I reach between his legs and lightly grip his cock and slide my hand over it as he moans into the pillow. 

Knowing how I enjoy the power of having him lay helpless beneath me he grips the pillow tighter and borrows his face further into the pillow. Light kisses and little bites cover his ass as I continue to lightly stroke him. My own breathing starts to grow ragged as I melt onto him. Rubbing his body, kissing his back sliding up his body as I press against his legs spreading them further apart. As I drag my nails down from his shoulder blades to his ass. Little bites cover his back and shoulders as he groans so deliciously. 

Sliding myself up onto his nice round ass I start rubbing my mound against upper thigh as I slowly rise up so it is pressing against his ass. Alternating between his back, shoulders, and neck, they get covered with small bites scratches and nibbles. Groaning as the sensation of erotic waves rush over him he pushes back against me lifting his shoulders as his body tries to escape the torment but his mind wills himself to stay put. Either way he is trapped beneath me as I bite, kiss, and grind my mound against his convulsing ass as I lay claim to him as mine, over and over again.

The noise, the passion, and the thrill of taking him as he would take me from behind has its effect on not only him, but my own body as well. My labia already swelled from his exertions only a few moments before I rolled on top of him are pushing me to my own edge. His reactions to my lust driven excitement shoves me to the edge and keeps on going as I explode with passion as I spray his ass with my juices. I lay on top of him emptying myself over his excited body, draining me of what sexual energy remained.

Sliding off of him as lays there panting even harder than when he first laid down I can't resist a loving smack of his very wet ass. I know the effort must be tremendous, but he rolls toward me engulfing me within his arms and pulls me close. His hands pull my ass up tight to him and he covers me with kisses as one hand moves up to capture my breast. Nibbling on my neck he breaks only long enough to whispers to me. For me alone, these words that are not to be shared. Find your own man to take, as he would take you. Make him your own with the power that fills you in so doing if you want to hear those words, for these are mine.