 When I'm home alone, sometimes I get a little curious. My parents got a deal not long ago and decided to get a cable package with more channels than I knew existed. It took me a while and a lot of channel surfing, but I came across about 5 channels that were porn. I've never been into that sort of a thing, but I have to admit, knowing it was there made me want to watch it when it was convenient. So I started to. It wasn't like I was obsessed with it or anything, but it definitely turned me on. Watching those movies made me feel stupid, but I also felt a warm burning down through my body. 

It was one of those afternoons when there was a knock at the door. I'd been home alone for about an hour and had found my way to the porn channel. I was sitting with one leg up, gently rubbing myself over my underwear beneath my skirt, feeling the warm wetness, and just watching. The knock was unexpected, but not necessarily unwelcome. I made sure to change the channel before I got up and answered the front door. 

"Oh hey Brandon." It was my brother's friend from college. They were home for winter break and Brandon lived not far from here. We'd gotten used to seeing him around the house the last couple of years. "Hey Lanie. Matt home?" 

"He went out a couple of hours ago actually. Not sure when he'll be back. Did you text him?"

"Yeah he said he was on his way back from the island. I thought he'd beat me." 

"He probably went far out. He's got some friends that live all the way out in Suffolk. Might be a little while."

He stood at the door thinking. 

"You want to come in though? You're welcome to wait." I shrugged. He thought a little bit more and stepped inside. 

He made his own way to the den and sat on the couch. I saw that I'd left it on a sitcom marathon. Perfect. "You want anything to eat or drink?" He shook his head, so I sat down on the couch where I had been sitting, which was next to where he was now. We watched, perfectly content for a few minutes before the commercial break. Then Brandon went to change the channel. "You mind?"

I shook my head that I didn't. He went to press the Channel Up button and I saw his finger slip and hit the Last button. I cringed as the TV changed from a life insurance commercial to an underside shot of a cock in someone's ass. We didn't move for a few seconds that felt like eternity, and then Brandon hit the Off button. There was silence. I didn't know what to say. There was no saying it was me, technically, but I was positive that I was beet red. 

"How 'bout some water," he said, willing to be the first to say something. I had missed my opportunity to act like I had no idea what porn was doing on the TV. "Sure." I said, but didn't move. My hands were on my knees and I was looking at my feet. "Actually, you know what? I can get it..." And he moved to get up. "I found it a couple weeks ago. It's just there, you know?" I felt like an idiot saying it. It seemed like the wrong thing. My cheeks were so hot, I felt like they were burning off. 

He sat back down and started laughing. "It's pretty hot," he said finally," I just didn't know girls were into that." Shows what kind of college experience he was having. "I can't speak for the whole gender, but... I don't know" He nudged me with his shoulder. "Don't worry about it. I'm not scandalized okay." I nodded, completely mortified. After a beat, he said "Should I turn it back on?" 

Our eyes met for the first time since the channel had changed. I didn't answer, but he turned it on anyway. I felt incredibly awkward, but he sat back on the couch. It took me a few minutes, but I started to relax a little. Watching the screen, I started to feel wet again. My heart started racing, feeling him next to me. He was good looking. Of course I had noticed. But he was my brother's friend and we were on my den couch. Watching porn, mind. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him discreetly trying to readjust himself. I sat back on the couch too. I felt his eyes on me a few times, just for a brief second each time. "This is hot," he said again. I nodded. I wasn't sure which I wanted more, to touch myself or him. I was pondering the pros and cons when I felt his hand on my knee. I froze, but my eyes met his and he took that as encouragement. He leaned toward me to kiss me. I couldn't stop it, but by the time I felt his lips on mine, I was reciprocating. My lips parted, allowing his tongue entrance to my mouth. 

He broke away and look straight into my eyes. "You're beautiful. I've always thought so." I wasn't sure if he was just saying that, but I was so turned on, that all I could think about was what the rest of him would feel like. The sounds of the TV kept going, moans and screams that got louder a softer. I brought him back into a kiss, breathing deeply. His hand started moving slowly up my right thigh. I moved that leg slightly up onto the cushion and leaned back a little, bringing him with me into a half-sitting, half-laying position.

My heart was pounding and I felt my thighs shiver as his hand inched upward under my skirt. He broke away from my lips and kissed down my jawline to my neck. My breathing was heavy and his hand finally reached my wet underwear. His fingers started rubbing gently, and I moved with it, not believing how much better it felt than my own hand. 

He rubbed harder and moved his hand to the waistband of my panties. He was kissing my collarbone when his fingers dipped inside my panties. I had one hand on his waist and the other running down the back of his neck, under his t-shirt. His fingers touched my warm pussy gently at first, lightly brushing through my hair and exploring. He stopped kissing and I opened my eyes to find him looking at me just as he thrust a finger inside me. I gasped and exhales loudly. My eyes closed again but I could feel him watching my face, as he slipped another finger inside and pushed in and out of my wet pussy. I could still hear the sound of the porn across the room, but it only enhanced my pleasure. I had had sex before, but this was something new. 

He withdrew his fingers and kissed my lips. I leaned forward into the kiss, reaching for his stomach and chest beneath his shirt. He obliged by taking it off entirely. I had never seen his bare chest, but it was magnificent. I began kissing my way down his chest and he pulled my shirt of in between kisses. I made my way off the couch, kneeling between his legs in my bra, my skirt up to my waist. I looked him in the eye and I undid his belt. "Fuck..." he exhaled and I smiled at the tightness of his jeans. This I had done before. I slowly unbuttoned his pants and brought the zipper down painstaikingly slowly. He lifted himself so that I could pull down his pants and boxers. His cock sprang out. 

It was bigger than the few I'd seen. Thick and long, not quite like what I'd gotten used to seeing in porn, but the sight of it had me horny all of again. I rubbed it in my hand and licked the shaft. I put my mouth around the top and sucked, letting my tongue lick the portion that was in my mouth. I heard his staggered breathing and continued, removing my mouth briefly, before taking more of him in. "Shit..." was all he could manage this time and I liked that. I moved my mouth up and down his shaft slowly, guiding the way with my hand. I repeated this, taking breaks to break and lick his cock from top to bottom and around the shaft. 

Encouraged by his reaction, I took a testacle in my mouth and sucked hard. He moaned and I worried that I was doing too much now. I climbed up onto his lap. His cock was now completely hard and I rubbed my wet panties against it. "You taste so good." I said, kissing him and feeling his abs. 

He reached behind me and unhooked my bra. I slipped the straps off and he moved toward my breasts, kissing and licking one while massaging the other. His warm mouth felt so good on them and I rocked against him in response, moving my pussy against his cock. He moaned, sending vibrations through my breast. He broke away and kissed me on the mouth again. I got up quickly so that he could remove my skirt and panties. He kicked off the pants and boxers that had been stuck at his ankles. 

I moved to climb back on top of him, but he flipped me and I suddenly had my back on the couch. He bent over to get a condom from his wallet and put it on. He knelt on top of me and positioned himself above me. He looked at me for approval. The anticipation was killing me and I nodded. He slid his large cock inside my tight pussy slowly and I gasped as I felt it fill me from within. I rocked with him as he moved in and out of me. I wrapped my hand around his shoulders and moaned loudly. His hands were on either side of my shoulder and he pushed himself deeper and deeper in me as I moaned in pleasure. 

I started to match the volume of the TV, which had become background noise. His eyes rolled back and he pushed into me faster, creating a rhythm. He began to grunt each time he pushed into me and it turned me on even more. "Oh, yes!" I screamed "You feel so good." He stared into my eyes. "Oh yeah?" he said, and I screamed "Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" I didn't remember hearing it on every single porn I had watched, I only knew it was what I wanted. 

He moved faster inside me, pounding his cock into my pussy. He lifted me with one arm and maneuvered me on top. I sat on his thick cock slowly and then started bouncing up and down. He groaned loudly. I bounced hard on top of him and my breasts flew in every direction. I had a hand on one of them and he followed my lead squeezing my other tit as I rode his cock, both of us moaning louder than the TV. 

"Fuck, Lanie. That feels so fucking good." 

"Oh god!" I answered him. I leaned back, rotating my hips around his penis. He groaned. "Fuck."

I stood and got off of him and he stood too, coming behind me and leaning me over the couch. I put both of my hands on the back of the couch and waited for his cock to be inside me again. "Come one, ohhh fuck me." He slammed into me with a newfound speed and I wasn't sure how much more I could take. I moved off of him and laid back down on the couch, my knees up to my chest. "Come on Brandon, make me come. Put your big cock inside me and make me come." 

He grunted as he pushed back into me. I started moaning louder until I felt like I was screaming. I couldn't take it I was so close. 

I looked up at him and pull his face toward mine, forcing him to look me in the eye. He was losing control, grunting as his cock filled my pussy. It made me so hot. "Let me hear you" I said, and groaned even louder, his breathing heavy. I came hard, screaming as the walls of my pussy tightened and he came too. 

We laid like that for a minute, catching our breath, kissing each other, before he rolled off of my and sat on the floor. "That. Was unbelievable" He said, leaning over to kiss me again. I grinned and nodded. 

We got dressed after a few minutes, figuring we were lucky my brother hadn't come home already. We flipped off the TV and went to the kitchen to get some snacks. We were cleaned up and eating when my brother came home. "Hello?" he screamed from the front door. "I'm in the kitchen!" I screamed back. "Brandon is here." I was blushing already. "Hey man!" we heard as my brother came closer. From the sound of it, he stopped to drop something in the den and flipped on the TV. "Was someone watching porn in here?" And there was nothing we could do, but laugh.