 Lightening crashed. The flash of light woke Amy up from a start. The thunder from the previous flash of lightening rumbled in the distance. The light wouldn't switch on. It took a second for her brain to turn on and start it's own rumbling. She moaned lightly as she remembered what happened.

It was prom night. She had a date with Cyrus Warner. Cyrus was the big man on campus and normally preferred the cheerleader types, no brains, and easy. Amy was an opposite. Sure she enjoyed sports, but she wasn't the type to be the airhead blonde on the sidelines. She was the type that wanted to participate. Soccer in the fall, basketball in winter, softball in the spring. It kept her in shape and in good overall spirits. The concentration on the field also brought a concentration to the classroom. Guys at her school did not like to be around guys that not only outsmarted them, but could beat them in one on one, and she didn't mean the kind in the bedroom. 

It was her senior prom, and she was surprised that Cyrus asked her. At first she thought it was a joke, but he turned out to be serious. They went on a few dates before prom. Every date he was the perfect gentleman. He danced his way through her parents with ease. He brought flowers on every date. He made her feel all tingly inside. He even told her that he loved her.

Wow. She didn't know what she did to impress this hunk of a man, but she must have did something. She was willing to do almost anything with him after that. She allowed him to do many things that she only dreamed about. He touched her in places she only touched herself. There was two things she didn't let him do though, because she wanted it to be special. He made all the arrangements for that special night. Prom Night. This would be the night she would let the man that loved her take her virginity.

He picked her up in a stretch limo. It matched their outfits. He even helped her pick out the dress. She felt self conscious in the dress. It was low cut, showing a bit of cleavage, and cut right above the knee causing her to show a lot of leg. If it made him happy though, she was going to wear it. She entered the stretch limo. They had a great meal at a cozy Italian restaurant. She started to feel a little tipsy after her first glass of wine. She also felt a little frisky. She was frisky enough that she took her panties off for him and gave him them. The meal was done and she even started to feel a little tired.

They entered the limo and he couldn't keep his hands off of her. Oh the feeling that he was giving her as he slipped one of his fingers underneath her dress. He slowly started to bring her on edge and she gasped, not wanting the chauffer to overhear them. Before anything could happen though, they arrived at the Prom.

Prom was nice. The theme of the prom was "Congratulations class of 2001, the first class of the REAL 21st century," Gold, silver, and white, the schools colors, were all over the walls of the Birmingham Civic Center. Silver and Gold balloons came down from the ceiling slowly as the helium started to lose it's power. Cyrus brought her over to a table and sat her down. 

"I'll be back. I need to go use the men's room," he said, kissing her softly. She kissed back. She was still feeling out of it. She had plenty of rest in waiting for this night, but she couldn't shake this groggy feeling. It was this groggy feeling caused her not to be alert enough to notice someone come behind her. She felt a slight tug on her earring. The clip on earring came off easily as Jason Brooks, the Senior Class clown, and probably the only guy she talked to before Cyrus, sat down beside her.

"Aww, poor Amy way-me can run over a big center, but still isn't brave enough for a real earring," he said as he clipped the earring to his nose. In his class clown style, he didn't wear a normal tuxedo. He had to stand out. He was wearing a hot pink tuxedo jacket with lime green pants and baby blue shoes. It was a Yellow and Purple polka dot bow tie. The school insisted tuxedos, and of course Jason had to be outside the norm.

"Give me that back," she said, "Cyrus will be hear any minute! Do you want him to cream you?"

"No thanks, he's probably saving his 'cream' for later tonight," he chuckled in reply, "but no, this earring matches my suit," he said, running his finger through his short brown hair.

She reached out to nab him but he dodged out of the way. It didn't take long before she was taking off her black pumps and chasing after him to get her earring back. No matter how athletic she was, this boy was always able to outrun her. She kept trying to tell him to go out for track, but in his words, "No, I only run fast when someone I piss off is chasing me."

He ran down a corridor and over to the men's room and opened the door. He stuck his tongue out and made motions to enter.

"You wouldn't dare!" she shouted…

"I would too and….." they were interrupted by a voice.

"Hey man," said the voice echoing from the bathroom amongst the laughter, "How is Amy the Athlete Ice Queen."

"I heard she's a lesbian," said someone else.

Someone laughed, "She has to be with all the sports she plays. She's the only one that ever talks to that faggot Jason."

"Well," he said starting to close the door, "I guess not."

"Keep the door open," she said with a smile, "Watch him defend my honor."

"Well she's no angel," said the recognizable voice of Warner, "Last night, she blew me to high heavens."

"No way!" said a chorus of voices.

"Man, that isn't all. She has this like huge collection of vibrators, and she was going off on me, keeping me at the brink for the longest time…"

Her face turned to horror as she continued to hear her date talk.

"…and then when I couldn't go anymore, she jacked me off with those big titties of her and I shot off all over her face. She was begging me to fuck her and…"

Jason closed the door. Amy walked over to the door, but that was all she remembered.

She looked all around her. This room wasn't hers. She was still wearing the same prom dress as before. The walls were covered with posters of different comedians, Eddie Murphy, Ben Stiller, Drew Carey, and some that she didn't even know. She noticed red blinking out of the corner of her eye. She saw an alarm clock that was blinking it's twelve over and over again. The light of the clock cascaded a frame that was on the nightstand next to it. It was a picture a small collage of her and Jason taken on various field trips throughout their four years in high school. In the pictures he had some type of oddball face or pose in all of them, compared to her who looked totally serious with her black hair in different states of disarray. She never really brushed her hair, preferring the natural "just washed" look. Her mind was clear for the first time since dinner. She didn't know where she was, but she got up and immediately. She looked to find something about where she was and looked into what she thought was a closet, but turned out to be a bathroom. Hanging on the shower were two pieces of clothing. A hot pink tuxedo jacket and lime green pants. Now she knew where she was, and right now she was glad it wasn't with Cyrus. To think what she was planning on doing. She shuddered with the thought.

She heard movement behind her and was immediately smacked in the head by clothing.

"I'm drunk, you don't have a car here, and I'm not letting you go home in my car. I've seen you drive a stick shift and you almost killed yourself then," said Jason. She knew he wasn't drunk, because when he was drunk he normally didn't have good aim. It's the only way she ever beat him in darts. She looked at the clothing he threw at her and it turned out to be a pair of red flannel looking boxers with an oversize black t-shirt. She went to look up at him and he was already gone. She took off her dress and put on the clothing. The boxers were a little too big, but she'd live. She pulled the shirt over her bra clad torso, and then took the bra off. It was the most uncomfortable contraption she ever wore. She enjoyed wearing her sports bras, but you couldn't wear one with a prom dress.

She exited the room and walked down the steps. She couldn't see a damn thing downstairs. She stubbed her toe and shouted, "Ow! Fucker!"

"They say that girl she acts too tough tough tough, but when you turn off the light…" Jason voice said across the room, quoting lyrics from a song by Nelly Furtado.

"It's not funny! You try stubbing your toe in a strange house."

She saw the silhouette of his frame stand up and walk in her direction, "Well for one, I don't walk in a strange house in the dark, not like you have a choice. Go back upstairs and get some sleep."

"I don't wanna," she said, "What happened tonight?" 
She could tell he was shaking his head no, but she thrust her arm out and grabbed his nose between her fingers and started to drag him upstairs by his nose.

"Ow, dat hurts! Dop it!" he said as she maneuvered him into his room. She pushed him down on the bed and hopped in next to him.

"Fine, if you want me to sleep, your going to put me to sleep with the boring story about what happened tonight," she rested her head on his chest.

"Well, first I went to get my tuxedo…I knew they wouldn't have much of a selection and that was my……" she punched him in the stomach lightly and he groaned.

"Not that, I mean after I blacked out," she said.

"Can't this wait till morning?" he pleaded

"According to your clock it is morning, so tell me,"

He sighed. He didn't want to be the bearer of bad news. He knew Cyrus was a creep, that's why he always cut the guy down with verbal knockouts.

"Well, Cyrus came out, said 'Cool, date is short,' and went to pick you up. I stopped him and told him no. He told me to mind my own business. I punched him," 

She looked up at him. The light from outside beamed on his face, and she was finally able to see the swelling around his left eye. She knew what was going to come next.

"He was shocked that I actually hit him so he punched me back. It hurt like hell. He was going to punch me again but it turned out that you bit him between the legs. While he was crumpled on the floor in a ball, I dragged you out and brought you home. My parents still aren't home, so I raided there liquor cabinet and with a gallon of orange juice by my side, made Stomached Screwdrivers."

"Stomached screwdrivers?" she questioned.

"Yeah, Sip from the bottle of vodka, chased with a couple of gulps of OJ," he replied. She had to laugh a bit. She looked up at him and she noticed that his face was serious. She also noticed that while she was cuddled up to him he wasn't actually touching her.

"Am I making you uncomfortable?" She asked.

"Of course not, I'm the sensei of sarcasm, the wizard of wit, the barbarian of barbed comments….the…" he stopped to yelp as he felt her hand tracing down his thigh.

"The Eeep?" she said looking at with a smirk on her face, "Why didn't you ask me to prom?" 

"Because I'm the master of…." He was interrupted with her placing her fingertip on his lips.

"Enough….just like in real life, your all talk and no action," she said.

"I bet if you trash talked more on the field you would have gotten an athletic scholarship," he replied.

"Why do you always have to have the last word," she said and kissed him on the lips. Her tongue slipped passed her lips and he did something that she would have never thought.

He started to hyperventilate. It was actually cute, and it was also fun to be in control. She had to say something though before he passed out.

"So I take it you've never kissed a girl before?" she said. For the first time he was speechless.

"It's a shame. I guess if you don't relax I'm just going to have to reward you while you're passed out," She said. His eyes grew wide. This had to be the longest she's ever heard the prince of puns say nothing as she slipped her hand under the waistband of his shorts.

"Y….y…y…oh boy…" he said and surrendered, she smiled and started to kiss him again. This time he seemed to relax a bit more. She wondered why guys always became putty in a woman's hands when she held on to their privates. He finally started to wrap his arms around her, sliding his hands up and down her back as he started to fence her tongue with his own. She straddled herself over his hips and pulled off the t-shirt, her breasts free once again. She took his hands and placed them on her breasts, and moaned slightly as he started to massage them gently. She moaned lightly under his touch as she rubbed herself against him. He didn't know that she wasn't wearing any panties, from before. 

He groaned underneath her as she slid her body down until her knees touched the floor. She never did what she planned on doing, she was going to do it tonight anyway as she slipped his boxers off of his legs and looked at his equipment. She actually was surpised. It appeared that someone was the bigger man on campus as she wrapped her hand around it. Her hand fit around it nicely, and she could easily fit another hand and a half across it. She darted out her pert tongue out and slide it up the length of his cock. He groaned out, "you don't have to doooooOOOOOO…," as she covered the head of his length with her lips, and slowly made her way down. She swirled around the underside the best she could, until she felt it hit the back of her throat. She didn't want to start learning to deep throat now. All she needed was a news report of a teenager dying on prom night during a sexual act.

She slid her hand down, and started tugging down the boxers she was wearing as she continued her ministrations on his penis. She bobbed her head up and down slowly. She could only get halfway down on it. All he was able to do is make one syllable sounds throughout the whole thing. She couldn't believe she had the Rascal of Riddles down to animalistic grunts. She could feel how wet she was between her legs, and decided to do the other thing she planned to do before he could protest. She jumped back onto the bed and straddled him. She slowly impaled herself down on him as far as she could before she reached her cherry, and continued going. She winched in pain as she continued to go down. She gave him her cherry. The one male she was close to that didn't put up a masquerade just to get her in bed. She moaned softly as she felt her hips touch his. 

"You…..you…..oh god….didn't have to do that…what about protection," he gasped. 

"Tell me when your going to cum…I don't have a condom that would fit you in my purse, I had to get those small ones for Cyrus," she said concentrating on what she was doing. The first time though, Jason laughed through the ordeal as she slowly started to pace herself on top of him.

It felt good every time she went downwards on him. It bumped something deep inside of her on every thrust as her clit ground into his hips. She was quickly approaching her way to the point Cyrus brought her to. The overall pleasurable feeling. She felt it as she started to bounce up and down on him harder then before.

Then she did something that she never thought could happen. She went over it, and exploded into a body wracking sensation. She had to stop as she squirmed on top of Jason's body, her hands on his chest. He leaned forward a bit and took a nipple in his mouth, swirling his tongue around it, only adding to her simulation.

"Oh god! Oh god!" she screamed as lights flashed before her eyes. She fell forward and started to catch her breath as the feeling went downward.

"See, now that's the trash talking I was telling you about," he said. She just smiled as she continued her motion once more. She wanted him to feel just like how she did. She was sensitive, but the sensitive set off mini orgasms throughout the ride. She heard his breath quicken.

"Amy, dear, I'm going to shoot….it would be a good time to…" he was interrupted by her hand going over his mouth, "SHUT UP FOR PETE SAKE!" she shouted as she started to slam herself down on him. She was close to a big one once again and wanted to feel it. She threw caution into the wind as the feeling of fireworks went off through her body. At the same time fireworks went off in his body, firing load after load of his hot jism inside her tight body. She continued to ride him through her own orgasm and finally collapsed on him, breathing heavily. He kissed her softly as she fell to his side in an embrace. He pulled the covers over both of them. He knew where she would be sleeping tonight.

"Well, maybe you are so tough, tough, tough, when I turn off the light," he said.

"Shutup and go to sleep," she said and kissed him again.

"Yes ma'am." He said. For some reason he knew it was going to be a fun summer. She looked up at him and then realized something. 

He was still wearing her clip on earring in his nose all this time.