 So here's the story. See if you believe it.

I'd been fucking this couple for a while, He's a businessman of some kind, usually dressed in pinstripe three-piece suits, black shiny shoes, red necktie, very proper, stiff as if he had a pole up his ass. She's all curvy, soft, big tits, nice belly on her, redhead with mound covered in it, hairy cunt, sweet-tasting, tangy but sweet when she'd spread her cunt-lips for me. By which time, he'd be stripped to his tighty-whities, obediently waiting his turn after I'd fucked her first for him so he got the sloppy seconds he loved to have, licking it all up greedily, losing it minute by minute as I worked his tighty-whities down and off, his legs opening obediently, introducing my big long cock into his loose ass, inch by slow inch, stopping to let him adjust like the exert ass-fucker I am, finally getting belly to ass, to the hilt, fucking him up hard and fast, in and out, as he licked his squirming wife out, and I slid nice satiny panties up his legs and over his ass and stiff little cock as he squirmed delightedly into them, gaping for it, Good for both of them to get a real fuck, I thought. 

So I'd go over to their place, she'd strip, he'd strip too, but just to watch, and I'd mount her, ass or cunt, while he sat in the bedside chair and jerked off on it. I'd fuck her until both of us came, same time or not, usually the same time, and then I'd roll over on my back, and come on to me, sucking my nipples and then he'd lick her juices off my cock, and I'd hold his head down on it, and come in his mouth, after a while. He'd gargle it in his mouth, greedily enjoying every last ounce of the thick hot come. Meanwhile, she would put on a long black strap-on, maybe three inches around, ten inches long, and she'd slowly fuck her husband while he was on his spread wide knees, sucking my slippery, softening cock, and we'd all have a good time. I thought.

This time, though, she lay on her back for me, legs spread wide, inviting me in, and then she just gripped my thighs in her strong calves, while I fucked her till my arms got tired, holding me up so I could watch her breasts jiggle, so I'd lie down on her belly, fucking away, her soft tithes, long nipples, squished under my chest, and she'd be pulling my ass cheeks open while I fucked her. He'd be buck naked, jerking off his not bad sized cock, enjoying what I was doing to her, and to him too, of course.

Next thing I know, she's got my thighs trapped, held tight, my ass cheeks spread open, and I can't get free. And he gets up off the chair, comes on over, holding his big stiff cock, and bends over my spread ass, and starts rimming my hole, steadily flickering his tongue all around my softening button. I struggle at first, but damn, he can rim! So I relax into it, it's almost soothing, I'm relaxing to the licking, drifting off, enjoying every little lick and probe of his expert tongue. But then he climbs aboard me, my legs spread, ass all slippery, lubed up with his slippery saliva. I try to tense up, but between the two of them, my ass is trapped wide open, and he slowly introduces my opened-up asshole to a big thick cock. I hadn't realized - he really did have an eight-incher! In it goes, slowly, giving me time to get fucked, inch by inch, and I'm gasping, swallowing, wondering what the fuck, right? I am getting what you can only call a right royal fuck up the ass, and they're cooperating to fuck me up! And guess what? I'm loving it! What do you know. I thought I was a macho stud. Here I am, getting a solid deep, in and out, clenching and letting go, ass-fucking, real gay, right? And I'm loving it, gasping for more, begging him to fuck me, holding on to her soft breasts while he nails me good! I feel so incredibly gay!

So: question. Was that fair of them to cook this up behind my back - not just so to speak! Right now, my asshole is stretched and leaking come, stretchy, silky panties jammed into my crack. and I gotta say - I'm their bitch, and I guess you'd have to say - it was fucking thoughtless of me to think it could only go my macho way forever without my getting my ass-cunt spread and deep-fucked by them both working together - not their first time, as it turned out - they introduced me to their bitch-harem, all of us one-time studs they lured into getting so fucked up the wide asshole we could never, ever go back to macho little stud-cock. I deserved it. I needed it, must have. I for sure welcomed it in the ass tunnel, up past my grasping sphincters, which are built in there to squeeze and hold and relax and accept and welcome. So he snarled in my ear, in his wife's ear, "There!" We got him, babe!" and squirted up into me, as she lifted her legs higher, so my little cock could get to her good, and we wound up a three-way cum that I for one never expected. What a pair of fucking bitches, huh? I'm in love, of course. I wear her panties now. And my cock sticks up out the side, its tip red and swollen, her polka-dot bikinis stretching to the limit. 

I won't name them - I don't wanna lose them - but I am so, so fucking grateful for what they did to me! It is so good, you won't believe it until they get you their way, and you wind up like me and the rest of their girlies, wearing the panties, to signal you are their fucks. You already like wearing panties? Then you're really getting set, in your head, for the ass fucking and cock-sucking you'll soon go through to find out the real you. and we'll welcome your little slut-bitchiness to our circle. And you will love every single inch of us up you. I promise you, you will!