 I ask you to come over when you get off of work one day. You had told me it was a long, bad day and I want to make it better for you. You walk in the door, and I'm waiting for you, leaning against the wall in my blue and black push up bra and thong, black thigh high stockings and 6in blue heels, giving you the smile I save just for you when I want to get naughty. My legs are parted slightly and you can already see I'm so wet. I've been teasing myself all day thinking of you. 

I walk to you and back you against the door and kiss you hard on the mouth. I pull your shirt off and touch you all over. Before I can reach your pants, you flip us around and drop to your knees. You pull my leg around your shoulder, push my thong aside, and lick my pussy from the back, all the way to my clit before pushing your tongue as far inside me as you can. My fingers are gripping your hair pulling you closer to me. You move up to my clit, licking light and slow. Soon I'm begging you for more. It's what you wanted to hear so you dive back in, going from my pussy to my clit, sucking hard on it. I'm moaning louder and moving my hips. You can tell I'm getting close so you slow down, keeping me on the edge of coming. I'm louder now, begging you to please let me cum over and over. 

You give in, and you suck hard on my clit as you shove two fingers deep inside me. I cum instantly, and you can feel my pussy gripping your fingers, feel my juices running down your hand. My hips grinding against you, as I hold your face to my pussy asking you not to stop. Once I've had enough I pull your face away, breathing hard and trying to stay standing. You get to your feet helping to hold me up, and lick your fingers clean before kissing me deep, letting me taste myself on your tongue. 

You grab my ass and lift me up, and I wrap my legs around you. You carry me to the couch and I sit down, and unbutton your pants. I pull them off, and have you stand between my legs so your cock is in front of my face. I look up at you as I lick around the head. I see you tip your head back and moan as I slide you into my mouth. You're already so hard and dripping pre-cum. I can taste you and I get excited all over again. I grab your hips and pull you toward me. Your cock hits the back of my throat and I move back and forth, sucking hard and swirling my tongue around the head. You're holding my hair back so you can see your cock disappearing into my mouth over and over. 

I know you love my blow jobs, but you want more. So you pull me off you and tell me to lie down. Instead I stand up and push you onto the couch, climbing on top of you. I rub my pussy against you, my thong still on. You pull my bra down and suck and bite my nipples while I grind and moan. You get tired of my teasing, and pull my thong to the side and line up your cock to my pussy. I slide down your cock halfway, groaning. You grab my hips and pull me all the way down. You fit perfectly in my hot, tight cunt. 

I immediately start riding your cock hard, thrusting my hips, getting you deep inside me. I angle myself just right, dropping down on you faster. You start thrusting up as I come down on you. Your cock reaches just the right spot inside me and my orgasm is climbing fast. I keep riding you, my head thrown back and nails digging into your shoulders. Your hands going from my hips to my tits and back again. I finally tell you I'm going to come again, that I'm close.

But you are too, so you grab my hips and roll me onto my back, pulling my legs far up to your shoulders, pulling my ass up off the couch and you drive your cock down hard into the back of my pussy making me scream your name, begging you to go faster. You're holding back on coming, waiting for me. You go as fast and hard as you can, hitting deep in my cunt and finally see the look on my face you'd been waiting for. I yell to you that I'm coming, my nails digging into your arms. You feel my tight pussy grip you even tighter, feel me getting more wet around you. I scream your name and beg for you to cum inside me. That's all it takes. You go as deep as you can get and feel my pussy squeeze you, my hips grinding as much as I can, and hear me calling your name. You groan and shoot all your cum deep inside me, grinding against me as you do, letting me ride out my orgasm too. My legs shake from how hard I came and try to catch my breath as I finally start to come down from the mind numbing orgasm. As you get the last of your cum inside me you let my legs go and lie on top of me and kiss me all over.