 I pushed the nose over and picked up the necessary airspeed as I neared the airstrip. The old bird was doing just over 200 as we crossed the end of the runway. I put in the back pressure on the stick and the nose came up nicely. When we were vertical I released the pressure and kept us going straight up. The speed fell off rapidly and when she was done she fell off to the right, whipping around into a tight spin. I let her go two turns and recovered heading in the original direction. I barely had the required speed when we were just past the other end of the strip. I sucked the stick back again until we were heading straight down on the back side of the loop. A quick 180 degree roll and we pulled out heading back down the grass strip.

I put the nose a little above the horizon and rolled 90 degrees and held the nose up with top rudder. After a pause I rolled inverted and used forward pressure on the control stick to keep the nose up a hair during the next pause. I completed the four point hesitation roll in the same manner. I did a 90/270 turn about a mile out and had good speed coming back to the end of the strip. I pulled up again and this time I did a loop to a landing. Worked out OK except I was a hair hot and had to make a wheels landing.

I taxied to the tie down area and shut the old bird down. I climbed down and saw Buck Larimore pull up in a golf cart grinning at me. I hobbled over to the cart and he drove us over to a large shade canopy where there was a crowd of people. Fred, Buck's dad jumped up and greeted me with open arms. He introduced me to his new wife. She was a really lovely lady who I liked a lot right away. I didn't think he would ever get over the death of his first wife. He grieved hard for thirty some years. He was really in love with this one too. Made me real happy to see it. Buck and his cute little wife, Lucy, and Fred and his wife, Jessie and I all sat at a table and Jessie introduced me to a familiar looking lady. I couldn't place her. 

Fred said, "Lucy, did you see the little show this old one legged plumber put on. Pretty damned good. Never saw it done better. 

This guy is responsible for me being here. He got a leg shot up in Nam. He was flying a old Skyraider prop plane when anti aircraft fire hit him. His weapons officer/ air controller was hit bad too. Benji here flew for almost two hours back to Tan Son Nhut and landed. He wouldn't bail out because his Weapons Office was unconscious. He couldn't crash land because he had several tons of bombs hanging under the plane and they wouldn't drop. He just put a tourniquet around his mangled leg and flew home. I'm damned glad he did, I was the weapons officer."

Jessie jumped up and ran around the table and kissed me, "Thank you for bringing him back. Thank you so much." Tears ran down her cheeks.

I patted her back and said, "Honey, I had to bring him back. He owed me money. I think it was three dollars. Fred did you ever pay me?"

"About forty times, glad to do it again though."

The lady Jessie had introduced me to took a chair next to me. She asked, "Benjamin Thornton, Do you remember me? We had a couple of dates in Washington D.C. about twenty years ago."

I looked at her more closely. "Maggie Murphy? Am I right?"

"You do remember, how are you?"

"Damned good. You look just great, not a day older. You have aged well. I think I was in love with you when you dumped me."

"Oh! Benji! I didn't dump you. I was given hot orders to NATO on temporary duty and when I got back a week later you were gone. I couldn't find you. You were released and didn't leave a forwarding address. I cried for weeks."

"Damn, I thought I got stood up or dumped. Where do you live?"

"About three miles from here, I am Jessie and Fred's neighbor when they are home. Where do you live?"

"Here for now. I am staying in the double wide over there. I sold my house in Miami and got out of there. Nothing there for me anymore anyway. Are you attached, married or anything?" 

"Not now, how about you? What are you doing here?"

"Just messing about with fast airplanes, fast cars, and fast women. Actually, I not doing well at it, my plane is very slow, my car is a truck and I can't find a woman."

"I don't believe you don't have a female friend unless you aren't trying."

"Listen, will you let me take you out to dinner tonight? Five of us were going to a seafood place about fifteen miles from here. Will you go with me, please. You owe me a date, remember?"

"Let me think about it for a while. Who else is going?"

"Fred and Jessie, Buck and Lucy, and you and I if you accept. If you don't I will probably just stay home and mope."

"OK, I'll go, I can't stand seeing a grown man cry."

"That's great! I have to go change out of this sweaty old flight suit. Want to walk over and see where I am living while I change. I won't be long. They have one of those great showers here. You get in and hit a button and the water hits you already at the right temperature and from about twenty different angles then it shuts off after about two minutes. You soap up, shampoo your hair or what ever while warm air surrounds you. When you are ready you hit the button and you are rinsed off as long as you like. I only have it set for a few minutes. I'm all done in six or seven minutes."

"Sounds like fun, I'll have to try it some time."

"Not tonight! I don't shower with girls on the first date. If you do they think you are easy."

"This isn't our first date, remember?"

"Oh! Right, come on and we'll both get clean."

"I'm not showering with you tonight."

"Ok, be a spoil sport! I love you anyway!"

"Are you ever serious?"

"Baby, when things are very important to me, I made light of them so people don't know I am really chewing my nails hoping I won't be disappointed." 

"Is tonight important to you?"

"If you won't laugh at me I'll tell you."

"I won't laugh at you, only with you!"

"Then the answer is yes, to night has become very important to me. Getting to learn everything about you again is very important to me."

"I'm not laughing, I think you are a very sweet guy when you are serious. I would love to get to know you too!"

"Great, let's take our shower now."

"Is that all you think about? Getting me in the shower?"

"Not really, I can't think about getting you in the shower or I will become sexually aroused. So you just wait here in the family room. There is a wet bar over there, help your self. I'll only be a few minutes. Promise you won't peek?"

"Yes."

I ran and got undressed, stepped in the shower and sat on my stool and took off my leg and set it out side. I was out in a few minutes and dried my stump carefully and slipped into some jeans and a sports shirt. I put on boat shoes and brushed my teeth and my hair and my facial hair. I was ready. I looked up and Maggie was sitting on my bed watching me. She laughed, "You can't trust me about not peeking. I will just say I liked what I saw. You were really trying to hurry. Would you do me a favor please?" 

"Sure, anything at all."

"Please kiss me."

I walked to her and pulled her gently into my arms. I opened my lips slightly and pressed them to hers. Her arms went around my neck. It was a long passionate kiss. It was for me anyway.

She pushed back and looked at me. "Yep! You still got it. That was very nice. I loved it." She grinned at me. "More to follow, details on the evening news.."

"What was that about Maggie?"

"About seeing if you still turn me on like you did twenty years ago."

"Do I?"

"You'll have to learn that on your own."

We joined the others and had delightful evening at a rustic restaurant in the middle of nowhere. I couldn't recall an evening in the company of a more delightful and pretty lady. I took her home and wasn't invited in. I did get a very nice goodnight kiss.

I called her the next morning and asked if she were coming to the big Barbeque. She assured me she was, and that she was looking forward to seeing me again. She arrived with Jessie and Fred. I walked to her and took her hands and looked into her eyes. "May I kiss you good morning?"

"I would love that, Benji."

I kissed her.

"I missed you when I got home last night."

"I know, I felt the same way."

"Really?"

"Yes, I did. I wanted to invite you in last night. But I knew that If I did we would end up in bed together very quickly. I am not quite ready for that yet."

"Will you let me know when you are ready?"

"Oh! You will know alright! I talked to my girls this morning, I told you they are staying with their Daddy for a month. They say they miss me and want to come home. They have to stay two more weeks though. I miss them very much."

I hugged her gently to my chest as she shed a few tears. I softly kissed her nose and said, "Please don't cry Sugar, I can't stand to see you unhappy."

She looked up at me and said, "I'm OK now, thanks for being here for me." I hugged her a bit harder and said, "I love helping you. I am here anytime you need me, for anything. Call me if you need anything from your lawn mowed to sweet kisses, I'm ready."

She put her hands on either side of my face and pulled me down and softly kissed my lips. I felt that to my toes. 

Fred said, "If you guys are finished necking right here in broad daylight, I could use some help at the smoker and grill."

I took her hand and we let Buck and Lucy go take a nap, they had been cooking since three o'clock in the morning. I got quick instructions on how to keep the fire at the right temperature in the smoker and was told what time to get the chickens out of the cooler and start them grilling. I appointed Maggie as my assistant. We sat in the shade under a canopy and enjoyed watching the planes land and park. There were a lot of them. More than I had thought there would be. Maggie and I worked well together. We arranged the chicken quarters on the grill and watched then carefully. After ten minutes we turned them skin side up and basted them. They were looking good when Fred stopped by to check on us. He said Lucy and Buck would be back in about ten minutes. Maggie said she thought the birds were ready for the mop sauce so we started putting it on. Damn, I loved being with her. I was falling in love with her again. I just couldn't help it. I needed to slow down and not scare her off.

Lucy and Buck checked on the smoker and the grill and said everything was perfect. They brought another cooler full of beer and soft drinks for the cooks.

We sat and chatted for a while and Buck asked if we would help them with the ribs. They were done and we cut the slabs into individual ribs then put then in big pans. We sprinkled a bit more sauce over them and covered them with foil and put then back in the smoker to stay warm. We made a big final push to get everything ready. Maggie checked the huge cooker full of corn on the cob. I carried a pan of ribs to the serving table and went to get a pan of chicken. Lucy had a big pot of baked beans. I love baked beans and had to taste them. They were excellent. I complimented Lucy on how good they were. "Do you think they are sweet enough?"

"Just right, I think you use my momma's recipe for beans, she always said add brown sugar until you think it is too sweet then add another cup."

Lucy giggled, "That is exactly the way my mother taught me."

I saw Maggie staring off into the distance. I touched her arm and asked if she were missing her girls. She smiled and said she was. I took her hand, "Where are they?"

"Punta Gorda"

"Would you like to see them tomorrow?"

"What?"

"I'll fly you down and you can rent a car and go see them for a while, then we'll fly back. It will be a Sunday. Should work out ok."

"Would you do that for me?"

"Sure, if it will make you happy."

"Can I use the phone in your house?"

"Of course you can, help your self."

She was back in twenty minutes. She was grinning. She said, "He agreed, the are very excited. I told them we would meet them at the airport at ten o'clock, and visit about an hour. Will that be alright with you?"

"Sounds good to me."

I borrowed Fred's little Lake Amphibian and we taxied up to the parking area after a pleasant flight. I looked at my watch and it was ten o'clock. I helped Maggie down from the plane and looked around to see two girls run to her and hug her. She kissed them both and I looked up to see her Ex-husband striding out behind them. He was a large man . way bigger than I am. He pulled Maggie to him and kissed her for a long time. She had warned me that he liked to hurt other men with his handshake. I was ready and when he bore down I gave it all I had and smiled. Tears ran from his eyes and he grabbed his hand with his left hand. "Sorry, did I squeeze too hard? I forget how strong my hands are." He glared at me, then laughed, "Damn, you are strong for a skinny old guy."

"Not really, you must be loosing your grip!"

Maggie introduced me to her twin daughters, Anna and April. They were very cute girls and shook my hand. I asked them if they wanted to go for a ride in the plane. Naturally they wanted to go, Maggie giggled and said, "We will be back in a few minutes. Will you wait Tom? Or do you want to go?"

"I'll just wait here."

The girls were tickled to death with the ride. They had a good time. They didn't want to go back.

We landed and Tom was waiting to help them out of the plane. Maggie kissed the girls goodbye but not Tom. Tom waved and we were on our way. We taxied out to the end of the runway and the tower instructed us to hold short of the runway, that there would be a short delay because of a funeral fly by for a local pilot who had been killed a few weeks ago. I turned the plane so we could see better. We saw a lone T-6 in Air Force colors fly slowly by. The rear cockpit was open and empty and the plane rolled slowly back and forth. It disappeared into the distance. I explained that it was a thing some units did before the missing man formation was used.

I let Maggie fly the plane on our way back home. She enjoyed it and wanted to learn more. I told her I would give her a lesson any time she wanted one. We landed at Ocala and I filled the tank up. Then we hopped back to the Larimore Strip. There were still a lot of planes there. Actually it looked like they had gained a few. Fred greeted us and I told him the plane was perfect. We both thanked him profusely. He said it was ours any time we wanted it. Maggie and I walked back to my place to relax a little and freshen up a bit. 

As soon as we were in the door she turned and hugged me and kissed me. "Thank you, Dear Benji, you were sweet to do that for me." 

"Thank you for warning me about the handshake."

"I couldn't believe you hurt him. I loved it."

"I think he still loves you."

"No he still wants to possess me and control me. He never will again."

"I would love to possess you too!"

"Would you really?"

"Yes, but I'm willing to compromise on the control bit."

"I want to be in command."

"Of what?"

"Just you."

"Me?"

"Yes you, I want you to obey my orders. Understand? Here is your first one. Take me to your bed and screw me silly. OK?"

"Yes, Mam! I am yours to command! This way please, your highness."

"Don't get funny with me smart-ass, don't forget I was a Marine too."

I pressed my mouth to hers and carried her to my bed. I helped her pull her blouse over her head. She wiggled her little butt around as she slipped out of her jeans. I sat on the bed and took my shoes off and pulled my jeans down. I took my leg off and watched as she reached behind her and undid her bra. Her breasts were very lovely, still high and proud with large pointy nipples. She slipped her panties down and her mons was smooth shaven. She was in fabulous condition for any age. My erection was throbbing. She moved to the bed and lay on her back. I slipped up beside her and kissed her sweet lips. 

I ravished her mouth. My tongue and lips were everywhere in her mouth and on her face. My hands explored her body. I gently caressed her breasts, her hips, and her sex. She had a death grip on my penis. I slid down and sucked in an erect nipple and puffy areola. Delicious. I moved to the other breast and she was obviously having a good orgasm.

I moved the other hand to her silky smooth mound. I loved the way it felt and looked. I moved my head to follow my hand. I moved between her legs. I parted her labia with my thumbs, her large nether lips parted too. I ran my tongue over everything. I felt her shiver and tremble as she moaned softly. She cried out as I ran my tongue between her inner lips and all around them before I sucked them into my mouth. I savored their taste and found a tiny trickle of her juices. I lapped them up noisily and she giggled. 

Her clit was right where it should be and I licked it with my tongue flat then sucked on it too. Then I pulled back and saw I could cover everything with my mouth at one time. I sucked on her whole pussy at once. She screamed in delight. I moved back up over her and rubbed my cock over her pussy to get him slippery with her juices. I pressed forward and he slipped in all the way. My pubes were against hers. She screamed again and startled me. I was so hot I just had to pound mindlessly in and out of her as she shook and moaned. She said she was there and I pounded harder. Then my climax hit like a thunderbolt. I was as stiff as a board and could feel pulse after pulse of my cum gush into her. I couldn't breathe and fell beside her gasping for breath. I pulled her to me and held her tight. If I was going to die that was how I wanted to go. Then I was OK. I didn't let her go though. I just kissed her face and cried a little. "That was so damned good I can't believe it. What have you done to me."

"Dear man, I want to know what you did to ME! I realize now that I have never been loved before. Not like that anyway. What did you do?"

"I guess I just have to work harder to over come your natural revulsion about my deformity."

"What? I never ever thought of your leg and was certainly not revolted by it. I just loved your loving. You did things to me that no one has done before and I really loved what you did. Now you get your second and third orders. Never ever say that to me about your leg. Third, lean back and cuddle me and rest a bit before I make love to you. You got that mister?"

"Yes Mam!" 

We snuggled together and I pulled the covers up over us. I was happy and content. She put her head on my chest and sighed, "I am so happy and content. It is wonderful." I laughed.

"Why are you laughing?"

"Because I was just thinking to myself about how happy and content I am."

"Really?"

The next two weeks were like heaven. We were probably not away from each other a total of two hours the whole time. I was deeply in love with the girl. Then it was time for the twins to come home. I offered to fly her down to get them but Maggie said Tom was bringing them home.

The night before the girls were to arrive she cried and said she wouldn't be able to see me for a while. Then she told me that the twins and Tom had begged her to have their father and Maggie try to get back together. She said she knew it would never work but that she owed it to the girls to give it a try.

I looked at her, "Maggie, do you love me?"

"Yes, Benji I do. With all my heart. What else can I do?"

"Tell them NO."

"I can't do that without giving them their chance."

"Does this mean he will be staying in your house?"

"Yes."

"Sleeping with you?"

"I think that is what he has in mind but it won't happen."

"How do you expect me to handle this? I flat out hate this. I love you Maggie and thought we would get married. I guess you haven't been thinking along those lines. I think you have just dumped me again." 
