 Lucia was both nervous and excited as she knocked on the door to room 342. She heard shuffling inside, and suppressed an urge to flee before her date came to the door. "Date" was the word she chose to label what she was doing that night, both in her communications with John, and in her internal monologue. She chuckled inwardly, thinking how ironic it was that while she chose to use the word "date", her first encounter was with a guy calling himself "John". Distracted with these thoughts, she found herself almost surprised when the door suddenly opened to reveal John standing in a white hotel bathrobe.

"Hi there!" John said, seeming far more confident than Lucia herself. "Please come in!"

Lucia managed a shy hello, and glanced over her shoulder self consciously, suddenly worried that someone she knew might see her entering a stranger's hotel room. Get a hold of yourself, Lucia thought, you've spent months thinking this through and this is no time to waver! She smiled nervously as John guided her into the room with a small touch on her lower back, before turning and locking the door behind her. She moved a few feet further into the room and turned around to face him. She found him looking her up and down appreciatively, and she involuntarily blushed in return.

"You look exactly like your picture." John complimented. "You would be amazed at how often that isn't the case."

Lucia stifled a flinch at the reminder that John was experienced with this kind of "date", while she was trying it out for the first time. She had admitted as much to John in their online correspondence, which obviously seemed to be a huge turn-on for him.

"Thank you," Lucia said, meeting his gaze for the first time. "I certainly hope I can live up to all your expectations!"

"I hope so too." John replied sternly. "Now first things first, please help yourself to the envelope on the night stand."

Lucia self consciously walked over and peeked into the plain white envelope on the night table. In it was a stack of crisp pink $50 bills. She was too nervous to count it, but it appeared to be the agreed upon amount. She smiled and nodded to John.

"Excellent." John said. "Now why don't you strip down to you bra and panties for me."

Given her inexperienced and nerves, Lucia appreciated that John was taking charge of their encounter. She had dressed inconspicuously on her way to the hotel, in a long pink sweater and black leggings. Conscious of John's gaze, Lucia pulled the sweater off over the head, revealing her natural 38DD breasts, encased in a sheer black bra through which her pink nipples were visible. John grunted his approval, and Lucia blushed slightly as she pulled off her leggings to reveal a matching set of black panties under which her trimmed brown pubic hair was faintly visible. Tossing her clothing to the side, Lucia walked towards John as if presenting herself for his inspection.

John smiled his approval. He reached out and pulled her close to him, one hand wandering and the other caressing her face. "You're beautiful." he said. He hefted her breast briefly as if weighing it, and squeezed her ample ass for good measure. "Such full dick sucking lips." he muttered, running his fingertips across them.

"Get on your knees." John said gruffly, his tone softened by the gentle caress of his hand on her cheek.

Lucia shivered with excitement. It had been two months since she last tasted her husband's cock, and even then she had been the aggressor. His order instantly reminded her of how much pleasure she had taken in following the orders of a dominant partners in her past. She did as she was told and sank to her knees, tilting her head back as she did, keeping her deep brown eyes locked with John's.

"Good girl." John said, as he slowly undid the tie on his robe. "Since you're new, before we start I want to make sure you know what you're getting yourself into."

A small gasp of excitement escaped Lucia's lips. "I think I have a pretty good idea from our emails." she replied.

John chuckled. "There's no doubt in my mind that you do. No new service provider claims to specialize in deep throat face fucking unless she's already a pro in her personal life."

Luica blushed and nodded.

John continued. "But you need to understand the difference between getting face fucked by a boyfriend, and face fucked by a client."

Lucia breathed out slowly to calm her excitement. "Please tell me the difference." she said while placing her hands on his upper thighs.

"Well the first thing you need to know," John said, "is that I don't care about you. I respect you, but I care more about my pleasure than I do about your comfort. So when you gag and choke on my cock, I won't slow down unless you ask me to. I won't be carefully monitoring your comfort level and checking in constantly; I will be using your mouth for my pleasure."

Lucia's eyelids fluttered as she shuddered with arousal.

"If you tell me to stop, or signal me by slapping my legs, I will stop immediately." John explained. "But unless you tell me to, I will not stop pumping my cock down your throat until I decide I want to."

As John said this, Lucia saw his robe begin to tent as blood surged to his manhood. Lucia licked her lips subconsciously. Her fingertips began to caress his bare thighs under the hem of his robe. "That all sounds fair to me."

"Good girl." John said again. The tent in the front of his robe had grown comically large, and as Lucia glanced at it, she saw in throb beneath the cotton fabric.

"That's it, stare at my cock." John commanded, his hand again caressing the side of her face. When Lucia responded to his words by glancing upwards at his face, his hand slid back to grasp an handful of her hair, and using this grip redirected her gaze back to his crotch. "Watch me take it out." he ordered. "I want to see the look on your face."

Lucia smiled a wide, genuine smile, and saw the tent pulse again in response. "I'm excited to see it." Lucia said honestly.

Lucia stared, gaze transfixed, as John slowly reached down, pulled aside one side of the robe, paused, and then the other. Lucia gasped as his fully erect cock bobbed into view. He was big. That was her first impression. As she continued to gape at it, she saw it pulse once more, causing it to jump before her eyes as the veins along the length of his shaft throbbed. Her eyes followed the movement of his circumcised head as it bounced. She licked her lips. Though not the biggest she had ever seen up close, John was at least an inch or two longer than her husband, and impressively thick. His shaft was very straight, and when fully engorged it pointed slightly upwards. The skin of his head was slightly pink, while his shaft was a slightly darker tone than his stomach. His balls were large any hung low and heavy in their sack.

Lucia risked a glance up and John and found him leering over her. He did not fish for compliments, confident in his impressive member. He waited for her to speak.

"Wow." Lucia breathed, almost to herself. Her fingertips clenched reflexively was she felt the heat between her thighs grow. She caressed his legs. She felt her mouth fill with saliva as his clean, manly scent hit her nostrils. "You have a beautiful cock." she said with awe in her voice.

John grinned. "I never get tired of hearing that. Still think you can take it all?"

"... or die trying." Lucia muttered to herself. "I'm confident." she said in a tone that betrayed nervous excitement.

"Prove it." John challenged, placing his hands on his hips. He thrust his pelvis forward slightly, bringing the tip of his head mere inches from her face. His balls swayed between his legs.

Lucia eyed John's cock for a moment, as if choosing the best angle of attack. She fought the urge to nervously swallow, and instead put the saliva pooling in her mouth to good use. Sticking out her tongue, she brought the flat of her hand to her lips, and allowed the drool to pour out onto it. She licked along her hand to her fingertips, leaving it sopping wet, and then slapped her hand around John's shaft, gliding it up and down so that his entire length was lubricated. John groaned as she used the flat of her palm to rub the head of his cock in circles, hitting it from all angles.

Cupping his shaft underhand, Lucia exposed its top to her tongue, and she began to drool again, this time using her tongue to lick along its length. Spit dripped heavily onto the carpeted floor and her thighs, and ran down the forearm of her hand cupping his shaft. Lucia pursed her lips and spat on it for good measure, before lifting it by the base with an all-around grip, and lining it up with her lips. She kissed the head wetly, snaking her tongue out to lash it, making out brazenly with his cock head.

John moaned and watched intently as Lucia worked up to taking him into her mouth. She began slowly, almost French kissing his head, taking it briefly, coyly, inside her mouth as she continued to kiss, suck and slobber the tip. She began to take in the entire head , bobbing wetly on it, allowing saliva to leak from her lips and coat her chin as she slurped. He knew from experience that she was actively working to lubricate his cock, preparing herself to deep throat him, and the excitement of that knowledge made him throb in anticipation.

Lucia's chin was dripping gobs of spit by the time she began to take John deeper into her mouth. She felt her lips glide over the veins of his shaft, her tongue intently sensing the texture and shape of his cock. She used each downwards stroke to ensure every inch of him was slick and moistened by her lips. She was able to engulf three quarters of his length without his head entering her throat, and she did so over and over, growing well acquainted with his size and shape. John began to unconsciously thrust his hips slightly, and Lucia worked with his timing, allowing his tip to bump the entrance to her throat at the end of each stroke. John groaned with pleasure... and so did she.

After a few minutes of audible slurping from Lucia and moans from John, she paused near the base of his cock. Looking up and locking eyes with him, she reached her hands behind his butt and steadied him in place. Maintaining eye contact, she began to grind the entrance of her throat onto the head of his cock, using small circular motions. His cock was thick, particularly the flared head, and despite being well-lubricated, Lucia struggled to get it into her throat. She gagged slightly, her eye contact with John wavering as her eyelids fluttered.

"Need some help?" John leered down at her with a grin.

Lucia shook her head slightly, her eyes flashing at the challenge. She consciously opened her throat, as she would to quickly chug a drink, relaxing the muscles and stretching them open. Her nostrils flared as she took two deep breaths and then pulled John towards her while pushing her lips down his shaft at the same time. There was a moment of resistance in which Lucia gagged, and then, suddenly, her lips slid down the last inch of his cock, burying the head in her throat. John gasped and then exhaled through his teeth. Lucia held herself there for a long moment, and then began to slowly bounce her head ever so slightly, fucking his cock with her throat. She kept this up until her chest began to heave for air, at which point she pulled back, gasping like a landed fish as a long line of sticky drool fell from her lips onto her breasts.

"You throat feels incredible." John croaked, caressing her hair as she caught her breath. "Its so tight. Shame I'm going to have to loosen it up."

Lucia took a deep breath as John's fingers each grasped a handful of her hair. "Are you ready to get your face fucked Lucia?" John asked in a husky tone. "Are you ready to give up your throat to me?"

The tip of his cock pressed against her lips as she answered. "Yes, please fuck my *GLAK*".

Before she could finish, John thrust his hips forward, pulling her head towards him. In an instant, she found her lips touching his trimmed pubic hair as he bottomed out in her throat. She gagged involuntarily at the sudden intrusion, screwing her eyes shut tight as she struggled to master her gag reflex. She focused on relaxing her throat around him, made challenging by his fully engorged and pulsing erection. He held himself deep, groaning with triumph.

He stayed deep in her throat without moving for some time, until Lucia began to consider reminding him of her need to breathe. Just before her willpower broke, John pulled his hips back, while holding her head firmly in place. He paused, cock head still between her lips as she gasped for air around his girth. Letting her take only two deep breaths, he plunged his cock home once more, this time setting a rhythmic pace that left her sucking in air through her nostrils on each backstroke.

*GLAK GAK* Lucia gagged on his first two strokes, and her eyes began to water profusely as his pumping cock met resistance at the entrance of her throat. Calming her gag reflex, Lucia felt that resistance lessen with each passing stroke, until a swallowing *GLUG* sound replaced the gagging every few strokes. John's cock soon began to glide into her throat with ease, though she felt the heat of her stretched muscles as they protested. Lucia glanced up at John, and saw him watching intently as his cock sunk into her throat, his chest heaving with arousal. Lucia reached up and gently massaged his balls with her fingertips, causing him to shudder.

"Jesus christ, you're gonna make me cum already." John muttered in disbelief. He picked up the tempo of his thrusting, pumping his cock deep and hard into her throat. Lucia struggled not to gag.

Using his left hand, John suddenly pulled Lucia by her hair off of his cock. She retched slightly at the sudden void in her throat, and gasped for air after his frantic throatfuck. With his right hand, John stroked his cock, aiming it at her forehead. Despite her dishevelled state, Lucia kept the presence of mind to continue massaging his balls, and once again locked eyes with him. This eye contact seemed to push him over the edge and she smiled as he grunted at her.

"Open wide and stick out your tongue!" John said urgently. "I'm going to paint your fucking face with my cum."

Lucia grinned and "Give me your load baby." before extending her tongue, curling up the tip to catch whatever poured onto it.

Without further warning, the head of John's cock erupted, the first explosive blast slapping audibly into Lucia's nose before careening along her cheek beneath her right eye. He continued to stroke himself wildly, varying his aim as three more busts of cum coated her left eyebrow, upper lip, and forehead in his cum. As his orgasm waned, he stroked the remaining surge onto her outstretched tongue, and she tilted her head back to ensure it ran into her mouth rather than dripping onto the floor. Before she could consider pausing to swallow, he stuffed himself back into her, grunting as he pumped the last few drops into her already filling mouth. She gagged slightly, struggling to take his cock and load at the same time, but successfully swallowed it all down when he paused his pumping. Her face glistened with cum, but he had mercifully missed her eyes, and she maintained eye contact with him as he withdrew from her mouth.

"Fuck me, but you're a hot slut." John said, causing Lucia to smile widely at the compliment. "My cum looks good on you." he added, stroking his half-hard cock absentmindedly. "I think I should feed you some more."

Lucia grinned happily, running her hands up and down her curvaceous body. "Why don't I take the rest of this off for you while you recover?" she said in a sultry tone.

John nodded his ascent, and Lucia rose to her feet. Still wearing his cum on her face, she reached behind her back and undid the clasp on her sheer black bra. While the material had left little to the imagination, John still smiled as her heavy breasts bounced free of the bra. He licked his lips as she teased her already erect nipples with her fingertips, pinching them and rolling them. She bit her lip and moaned softly.

"That's it you beautiful slut. Make your pussy wet." John said, his cock already rock hard in his hand. "I want to smell your dripping cunt."

Lucia ran her hands down her hourglass figure and hooked her thumbs into her panties. She swayed her ample hips from side to side, teasing him as she slowly pulled them down. John's cock throbbed visibly in his hand as her well trimmed pubic hair came into view. Lucia spun around and bent at the waist as she slid her panties down her thighs, glancing back over her shoulder as John caught his first glimpse of her glistening pussy lips between her legs. She smiled at his obvious arousal.

Stepping out of her panties, Lucia climbed onto the bed propping herself into a half seated position with the pillows. Her hands wandered her body once more, teasing her nipples, squeezing her breasts together, and caressing her skin up and down until her right hand came to rest between her thighs. Unwilling to tease herself, she plunged her middle finger inside, getting it dripping wet, and then began to run her clit with small circular motions. She moaned and licked her lips, staring at John's bright red cock head as he stroked himself watching her back.

"Cum fuck my tits." Lucia begged between ragged breaths.

John climbed onto the bed, his raging erection bouncing as he moved. He slowly clambered over her body, pausing to take a deep whiff as he passed her fragrant pussy. He growled with lust as her scent filled his nostrils, and moved up to mount her chest. He pinned both her arms beneath him, so that they were trapped by her pussy, and she writhed as she rubbed herself under him. Using both hands, he kneaded her big, soft tits, teasing the nipples with his thumbs. Lucia moaned with pleasure, grinding herself against her own hands. John slid himself a little higher onto her chest, bringing his cock to her lips. Lucia looked up quizzically.

"Gag on my cock and lube it up so I can fuck your tits." John said, looking down at her. 

Lucia opened her mouth wide, and John thrust his hips forward, burying himself into her oral cavity. No long, smooth strokes this time; John began to fuck her mouth raggedly, awkwardly pumping his hips while constantly maintaining contact between his cock head and her throat. Between the angle and his movements, Lucia gagged fiercely, and wet, sloppy choking sounds filled the room. Because her head was tilted back, Lucia had no way to let the drool pour from her mouth, resulting quickly in a pool of thick, slick saliva from her throat which threatened to drown her, even as it coated John's shaft. Again she was brought nearly to the brink of signalling him to ease up, when suddenly John pulled back, and allowed her to swallow.

John's cum still adorned Luica's face, and it was soon joined by her thick drool as John slapped and rubbed his heavy cock all over her. She moaned and sucked his balls as his shaft smeared across her forehead. He pulled back and began to fuck her mouth again, the squelching gags this produced seemed only to encourage him. Involuntary tears rolled down Lucia's cheeks as she gasped for air and choked on her own spit. John repeated himself several times, ravaging her mouth and smearing the resulting saliva all over her face until it glistened and she struggled to open her eyes. Lucia began to feel slightly delirious with lust, exertion, and simple oxygen depravation.

At last, John stopped smearing her face, and instead mounted her chest. Grabbing one large breast in each hand, he squeezed them around his sopping wet shaft, and began to thrust himself between them. He used long, slow strokes, riding her jiggling chest like he was surfing wave tops. Unable to raise her hands to clear the slop from her eyes, Lucia struggled through blinking lashes to watch as John's angry red cock head appeared and disappeared between her mounds as he fucked her tits. She spit a wad of saliva onto it as it emerged, drawing a satisfied grunt from John. Stretching out her long tongue, Lucia lashed the head each time it appeared, slathering it with drool to keep it well lubricated as he fucked her chest with insatiable urgency.
