 Warning, this story is for adults only. If you don't like reading erotica about consensual sex between two adults, leave now. If you are under 18, leave now. This story only has the author's permission to be posted on literotica.com. Any other websites wishing to post this story please contact the author. ENJOY (MF).

Cindy and I had been friends for a long time. Growing up in the same small town, going to the same public high school and eventually onto the small university located a few hours from home. We told each other everything and helped each other get over the slut I was dating or the asshole she was dating. Men were jerks and women indecisive. Even though we pretended that we didn't know it, there was a spark between us. We had both lived on campus in the dorms our freshman year and in the same apartment complex our sophomore and junior years. Now, both of us were seniors. She lived on the other end of town in a duplex with her dog and an old man on the other side that snored too loud. Good thing the bedrooms were at opposite ends of the structure. Doing my senior research project required me to be at the research park frequently which led me to the apartment complex at the other end of town, a twenty minute drive from Cindy's. 

The last few months had been trying on us both, bad breakups with another in a long line of losers. We were both sexually frustrated and spoke freely among ourselves about those frustrations. Although we never did more than hug when we got together, there were many a night, which I masturbated to the thought of seeing Cindy's beautiful breasts without a bra. Valuing our friendship, we never took the leap into making it physical in any way. 

Since it was April and the weather was starting to get warmer, Cindy was wearing fewer clothes around me at her house and mine. I really enjoyed the tank tops or bikinis that seemed to dominate Cindy's wardrobe. We regularly made plans to get ice cream, go to movies, or sit out on the boardwalk, if we weren't going out with one of the many losers each of us seemed to be a magnet for. Only four more weeks until finals, which meant Monday was the last big test before the final exam. The better you did on this test, the less you had to work your ass off on the final. We each planned to study after class and then go out for ice cream as a study break before hitting the books hard again. We studied frequently at either of our places but not together. Biochemistry and history are not very compatible to study together. 

We tentatively agreed that Cindy would give me a call when she got done visiting with her group project partner about the upcoming term project. After dinner I sat in my chair, put my cell phone on the end table next to it and tuned into the latest downloads I recently added to my iPod. After getting through a particularly hard chapter, I looked up at the clock and it was 7:30 pm.

It became 8 o'clock and nothing, no phone call

9' o'clock- nothing

10 o'clock still waiting by the phone

Finally, I decided that Cindy was out with her friends and listened to the baseball game on the radio before calling it a night. About midnight I went to bed with my cell phone on the stand charging like normal. 

"RING RING" I glanced over to see it was 3:30 am, but I picked up my phone anyway. Cindy's number registered on the caller ID. Maybe she is in trouble so I picked up the phone. 

"Hello"

"Bob, did I wake you up?"

"Cindy its 3:30 am, of course you woke me up."

"Well, I need to talk to you in person, can you meet me at my house in 30 minutes? If you ring the door bell and there is no answer, come on in because I am going to jump in the shower."

"Um, sure," I replied. What had I gotten myself into? I was meeting Cindy at her house at 4am. I thought ahead and grabbed some clothes for tomorrow and put them in my car. In my car I go, arriving at Cindy's house at 355 AM.

The only response I got when pushing the doorbell was Cindy's dog barking. Some lights were on so I was confident that Cindy was home. Again, I rang the doorbell. Knocking and opening the door slowly "Cindy, you in there?"

"Yeah Bob I am in the living room, come on in. Shut the door and lock it behind you". 

In the main room, I was greeted by Cindy sitting on the couch in her bathrobe. Previously I had seen Cindy in a dress or bikini to accent her 36 C breast but the terry cloth robe brought it to a different level. I quickly joined her, sitting on the other end of the couch.

"What's up Cindy? Something wrong?"

"No Bob, I just need to talk. Ever seen the movie Basic Instinct?"

"Yep!"

"That's what we watched tonight at my friends house."

"Surely, you didn't ask me to come over out of my nice warm bed just to tell me that."

"Of course not Bob. Remember how I told you it's been a while since I have been with a man?"

"Yep, two months I believe you have said"

"And it's been since Halloween for you?"

"Cindy don't remind me, please!"

"Bob come here, sit by me"

I moved over and sat next to Cindy and she put her arm around me. From that viewpoint, I could see that her robe wasn't tightly closed. It afforded a magnificent view of her creamy white breasts, pretty pink nipples and a glimpse of her blue lace panties. Cindy reached over and started rubbing my leg while leaning her head on my shoulder. 

"Cindy, are you sure?"

"Yes, Bob. . . "

I needed no more invitation. I reached inside her gown and felt her breasts. The hard nipples and soft areolas were mine at last! The breasts that were part of my mental pictures which made frequent masturbation sessions successful. She reached down and started rubbing my cock through my pants. First, she slowly worked on the button on my pants, unsnapping it as I rubbed her nipples. Then she hastily unzipped my pants and started to fish out my member as I started to pant in anticipation. She pushed my jeans down go give her more access to my rapidly hardening cock. My rock hard monster came out ready for action. She started stroking it up and down as I pushed the robe off her shoulders. Cindy sat there stroking my cock with her nipples sticking out, her robe around her waist and her pussy covered by blue lace panties. 

Our eyes met for a split second before we gently moved in to kiss. Our kiss continued as I rubbed her breasts and she slowly stroked me. Her tongue snaked into my mouth as she slowed in her stroking of my cock. My hands were still rubbing her breasts paying special attention to her nipples while pushing them together to accent her cleavage. Rubbing them back and forth brought a moan from Cindy. 

"Ohhh, Bob. . . please, more Bob!"

As I started squeezing her breasts and pushing them together, I noticed she had stopped stroking me. She continued to moan and my eyes were greeted with the sight of her rubbing herself through her now dark blue panties. We were in the middle of an all out oral make out session when Cindy quickly swung her leg over mine to straddle me. Faster she rubbed herself as my manual assault on her breasts continued. The base of my cock was warmed by the moist wetness of her wet panties as she slid her crotch closer to me. Cindy grabbed my cock while her other hand pushed her panties to the side. She pushed my cock into her slit so it was engulfed on each side by her labia. She used my cock to rub her clit, back and forth until my cock was coated with her wetness. I tried to push forward to enter her but she leaned away from me. Every time my hardness got near her warm moist entrance she leaned back. 

Quickly she pointed my monster to the sky and then I felt her warmth sliding down and over my cock like a curtain coming down to end a show. She squeezed me as she slid down, moaning the whole way down. I felt her juices start to pool at the base of my cock. She arched her back away from me and slid her arms up her stomach until she was cupping her breasts. I could feel her movement pulling on my cock as she squeezed her breasts together, bringing one to her mouth to lick the nipple. As Cindy leaned back her clit was poking out from behind its protective covering, glistening with her lust induced juices. She started rocking back and forth squeezing my cock with her inner muscles as she licked her nipple. She raised herself up and let herself slam down on my cock a few times before standing up. A loud "pop" sounded as she pulled off my cock. 

Cindy stood up, hooked her fingers in the elastic of her panties, and pushed them down. They lay on the floor between her legs as she leaned over the couch putting her hands on the top. I was fixated on her pendulous breasts hanging free and glistening with sweat. 

"Fuck me. . . Hard, from behind Bob! NOW!"

Quickly I stood up and saw her red, swollen, moisture covered sex box framed by her long tanned legs. 

"SMACK!" "SMACK!" sounded as I reared my right hand back, swung and landed it firmly on her ass

"OHHH BOB," Cindy screamed as her ass turned bright red. 

I noticed her legs were sliding ever farther apart with each swing. Then I reached between her legs with my hand feeling her warm moist pussy swollen with excitement. I slide my hand up and down in her crease. Gently rubbing her clit with my thumb as I slid a finger inside her. She was trying to lean back and fuck my finger but I wouldn't allow it. I gently teased her clit and leaned over her back to cup her tit with my other hand. 

There I stood with my finger in her pussy while grabbing her breast with the other hand as my hard cock was pressed between her ass cheeks. Slowly, I removed my finger from her pussy and gently pushed on her ass like I was going to enter it. However, I decided not to do that and reached around to grab the other breast. Gently I pulled Cindy up to a standing position with my hands cupping both breasts. She stood naked in front of me pushing back against my hardness. She started to wiggle back and forth as she stood on her toes trying to get my cock at the level of her love box. "Please, Bob, fuck me!"

Gently I bent my knees to allow my cock to come down from between her ass cheeks and rest between her legs. When I straightened up I could feel her labia on the top of my cock as it rubbed her between her pussy and anus. Quickly I leaned on Cindy's back and when she bent over, I slid my hard cock into her up to the hilt. 

"Ohhh, Ummphhh" Cindy screamed.

"Tell me what you want baby, tell me!"

"Fuck me Bob, fuck me"

Slowly I pulled all the way out and then quickly rammed it back in. Holding it all the way in for a second before pulling out and repeating. Slowly I picked up the pace and you could hear the smacking of my pendulous balls hitting her ass. The quicker I fucked her the more my cock pulsed, getting closer by the minute to cuming. Cindy started shaking, getting close to her orgasm. I knew if she reached her abyss quickly I wouldn't blow and could go another long round with Cindy. She quickly started rubbing her clit with one hand as she bent her head down and moaned. She continued to shake until she screamed: "I'm Cumming. . . OHHHH BOBBBB, FUCK YES!!!"

Cindy collapsed on the couch as my dick popped out from her hole, glistening with the juices which she just produced. I sat down on the couch still at full attention. Cindy lay on the couch next to me with her legs splayed open, glistening with a combination of sweat and her juices. Her labia were red and swollen full of blood. Her opening not completely closed from my rods invasion. Her nipples pointed up to the sky for all to see. Her body glistened with sweat and Cindy was still breathing heavy from our hardcore fucking. Slowly, she stood up on bowlegs and grabbed my hand. 

"Come with me Bob. . ." Slowly she led me toward. . . 

. . . the sliding door of her patio. She opened the door and led me outside to the warm April weather and a full moon. She slowly sat down on her patio chair and lifted both legs up on the armrests. She pulled my hand down to the armrest and reached up and grabbed my head. Gently she pushed it toward her gaping love box, now fully closed after my recent invasion. Here is my best friend who I had just fucked, motioning me to her pussy in the full moon light of early spring. My cock was rock hard and getting harder if that's possible. As my face was getting close to the promised land, I noticed that Cindy had a landing strip guiding me in for a landing. "AH HA, You are not a blonde. . . I told you so!" I stated as I looked at her red hair.

"Bob, eat me, pleaaseee". 

With a twitch of my cock, my head was down between Cindy's legs again. Slowly I stuck my tongue into her opening and moved it around. With the flick of my tongue I caught Cindy's clit on the way up. Again, I returned to the scene of the crime tonguing her hole and rubbing her clit with my nose. Cindy was moaning so loud I thought she was going to wake up the neighbors. My cock was reminding me that it hadn't seen a release yet tonight. I pulled my head away from Cindy's pussy prompting her to protest. I stood up in front of Cindy and when she saw my rod pointing straight at her, she reached out and grabbed it. 

Slowly she started stroking it back and forth with one hand while her other hand played with my balls. My cock was shinning with pre-cum in the moonlight. Cindy leaned forward and licked off the tip of my cock with her tongue. With an exaggerated motion showing me she liked the taste. She leaned forward and slowly engulfed the large pulsing head of my cock. My cock was pulsating as Cindy went up and down on my cock with her mouth. I knew if this kept up that I would soon be exhausted and limp after blowing a monster load down Cindy's throat. Gently pushing Cindy back in the chair my cock popped out of her mouth.

Grabbing her by her hips, I pulled her to the edge of the chair. My cock in hand, rubbing up and down her wet slit, I was driving Cindy wild. 

"Please bob!"

With that, I pushed down on my cock as I slid into Cindy's warm moist canal. Staying with only the head of my cock inside until Cindy slid forward to force my cock into her. In one slow motion my cock was buried completely in Cindy's Love canal. I pulled my cock all the way out and grabbed Cindy's legs behind the knees. I pushed her knees backward toward the chair, which opened her up even more. Pushing forward until my balls slapped against her ass. When I got all the way in, I pushed a little more and held it there before pulling out and doing it again. The pace quickened, the sound of my balls grew louder along with our moaning. Both of us were coming close to our climax. Cindy's ass was coming off the chair each time I pounded into her. 

"Bob, I'm Cuuummmiinnnnnggggg!"

"Cindy I'm getting ready to blow, uhhhhhhhhhh"

"Bob, Bob, ohhhhhh that feels so warm."

Our pace slowed, and gradually I got softer and finally collapsed onto Cindy's chest. Both of us were exhausted and just lay there for several minutes before I gently let my cock pop out of Cindy's canal.

"Shit, Cindy, I squirted in you. . ."

"Its ok, Bob, I am on the birth control shot"

With that, I crowded Cindy over on the chair and fell asleep next to her. 

Awakened by the early morning sunlight, Cindy and I pulled our twisted like a pretzel bodies out of the chair. As Cindy stood up I saw my juices had leaked out of Cindy onto the chair and had dried on Cindy's Labia and pussy. We got up and walked into the house . . . 

To be continued.