 Author's Note: This is a continuation to my story entitled "Complete Surrender = Complete Bliss." While this story can stand on its own merits, I believe your enjoyment of it will benefit from the context of the original. 

***** 

Thank god it had been a busy summer or Liam would likely have thought of nothing else but the upcoming weekend. 

Early on in July Liz had granted him a very long-standing birthday wish and had completely surrendered herself to him for the weekend - and he had taken FULL advantage. The one caveat she placed on the deal though, was that she would get her turn as the one in charge, whenever they had another weekend free and to themselves. 

And this was just that weekend. 

It was early Friday morning and their only child, Emma, was busily readying herself to be picked up to enjoy a weekend at a friend's cottage with her entire hockey team. This, along with the fact that there were no BBQ's or parties or birthdays booked for the weekend, meant that Liz and Liam were free to do whatever they wished..or more correctly put..whatever Liz wished. 

The small family was putting the final touches on Emma's preparations: "Sleeping bag? Check!; Your share of food? Check! Toiletries? Check! Clothes? Check! Bathing Suit and Towel? Check!" 

She was ready and finished her breakfast just as the Elliott's arrived. Hugs and kisses all around and waves as their beautiful daughter headed out for a weekend of fun. As the happy group drove away, Liam wondered what was to come next. Would Liz begin their weekend right away? He looked her way expectantly but she showed no outward sign that anything was different. As they were both dressed and ready for work, it was only mildly surprising to Liam when Liz grabbed her things and kissed Liam on the cheek, wished him a good day, said "See you tonight!", hopped into her car and drove off to work. 

Confused, Liam did the same, wondering if Liz even remembered what "this weekend" was? They hadn't really talked about it much over the weeks since he was in charge. These thoughts were swirling around in his head when he walked into his office and just as he was settling in for another day, his phone pinged with a text message - it was from Liz. 

"I need you to be done at the office and ready to leave work today no later than 11:45." 

"Hmm...I don't know... I have a pretty full day..don't know if I can do that?" 

"That's odd..I don't think I phrased that as a request..did it come through that way?" 

It was on! 

"Apologies..I'll make it happen." 

"I'll be in touch later." 

With his instructions received, Liam set about to free his afternoon. He rescheduled a couple of meetings, re-prioritized a couple of other things and outright canceled whatever was left. He did the most important things and was just finishing up when another text from Liz came through. 

"Leave now...get something to eat...be in your car by 12:15." 

"You got it." 

He packed up, made up a couple of barely passable reasons for his absence in the afternoon and headed off to the local food court for a quick bite. He was just getting into his car when the next salvo of text messages started. 

"You in your car?" 

"Yes" 

"Start it up and tell me what the first location saved in the GPS is" 

Confused, Liam started up his car, activated the GPS and looked in the favorites folder. He knew they had a couple of locations saved in there for Liz who was brutal with directions, so he was surprised to find a new location saved - he texted it to her. 

"It says "GMO+MS+" whatever that means?" 

"Good..you are in your car..I like it that you are following instructions. I want you to choose that location and go there..Once you arrive just go in..I have given Jaime there instructions for what I want. Go now. I'll see you at home when you are done." 

Liam launched the app and followed the directions that the GPS spit out. It looked like where he was going was only a few minutes from his office, but he certainly had no idea where he was headed. The GPS eventually had him turn down one last street and he arrived a building he had never really noticed before, despite knowing he had driven by it many times. He parked in the adjacent lot and entered a business, the sign on the front stating the business was called THENUU. 

Liam was completely baffled by the name of the business and the tidy, but rather austere entry area really didn't give him many clues either. He walked up to a vacant reception desk and saw a bell and a sign asking customers to ring once and have a seat - someone would be with them shortly - which, thankfully, was true. In a few seconds a pretty young girl, with a beautiful mane of auburn hair, bright sparkling eyes and sensuous air about her came through the door. She smiled at Liam and said, "Hello, may I help you?" 

Liam replied, "Umm..I think so...I'm supposed to ask for Jaime." 

"You must be Liam! Wow...Liz told us you were a sweetheart, but she neglected to tell us you how handsome you were! Come on back, everything is ready for you." 

Liam blushed at the compliment - especially coming from someone as stunning as..."Did he get her name?" He hesitated and said, "well, thank you - that's very nice of you to say..but I'm at a bit of a loss here. I have no idea what I'm doing here - can you help me out a bit?" 

The girl's eyes sparkled and she giggled, "Oh, Liz told me that you might look a little dumbfounded... trust me..it's all good - come on back." 

He followed the girl past the reception desk and looked down and saw his name on a daytimer. He also spotted the same cryptic "GMO+MS+" from the GPS beside his name. He then walked through the door, forcing himself to not stare at the rather shapely ass that was leading him into the back of the business. Almost immediately he realized what this place was - some sort of a day spa. He instantly thought massage and silently thanked Liz for helping put him in the perfect frame of mind for weekend's festivities. The girl turned to him, pointing to a door and said "The men's locker room is through there. There are robes in each locker - once you get out of your clothes and get a robe on, just go into that room over there" - pointing to another door. 

A few minutes later, Liam entered the assigned room, fully expecting to see a massage table and masseuse waiting for him. He was surprised, though, to find the what looked like a esthetician's chair and seated at the table was the receptionist from earlier. Confused, he said, "Ummm..I think maybe I'm the wrong room." The receptionist smiled and said, "Umm...no..you're not! Have a seat!" Liam sat at the chair and said, "I'm so confused, I assumed I was here for a massage." 

Another one of those cute giggles, "Sorry, we don't do massage here; hasn't Liz told you about what she has done here?" 

"Well, I knew she went to a some place to get her nails done - guess this is the place!" 

"Indeed it is!" 

"But I was supposed to ask for some guy named Jaime?" 

Again with the cute giggle, "I'm Jaime - you've never heard of a girl named Jaime?" 

"Well, yeah, I have..guess it serves me right for making assumptions", Liam replied as he sat in the chair. "So Jaime, what exactly am I doing here?" 

Jaime replied, "Liz has booked you in for a Gentleman's Makeover. We're doing a sport manicure, pedicure and facial along with an eyebrow shaping and straight-razor shave." 

Now THAT was intriguing. He'd never had any of those things before, so he resolved to sit back, relax and see what this was all about. He'd heard that some guys go for regular spa sessions like this, but he just never had. While the rest of the spa hummed with the other estheticians and their clients, once alone in the room with Jaime, Liam felt like he was in his own little world and let Jaime do her thing. She chided him for not taking better care of his nails - "You bite them - don't you!" - and when he said yes, she waggled her finger at her and said, the only nails you can bite off are your toe nails. When Liam said he couldn't reach them, Jaime smiled and said, "Exactly - that's why I say you're allowed!" 

She was completely charming and found just the right balance of cute, sexy and professional. Once his feet and toes were completed, they moved onto the facial, which, to Liam's surprise was actually quite pleasant. From the facial they moved to a different room for his straight-razor shave - something he had heard was amazing but had never had the chance to try. The room was a total throwback - old fashioned barber's chair, complete with a leather strop for the blade, mug and brush to mix the shaving cream in and steamed towels. However, Liam highly doubted that any barber from the days when these types of shaves were common looked anything like Jaime. She was hot and she knew it. After applying the steamed towels to soften his stubble, she made a very provocative production of mixing the soap to make the shaving cream and playfully spread it onto Liam's face. Liam was having an increasingly difficult time thinking of Jaime in a professional way and fought very hard to control the signals his body was conveying to him - that being to re-route blood-flow to his slowly stiffening cock. 

The shave itself was amazing and Jaime continued to dance on the "razor's edge" between professional and seductive (pun intended). Liam was able to control his urges (barely) and when Jaime finished the job and spun him around to look in mirror he touched his face and couldn't believe how smooth and supple his skin felt. 

"Wow," he said, "that was amazing! Thank you so much..I had no idea a straight-razor shave would feel this good - I will definitely be back again!" 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it - we get that a lot. Sometimes the old-fashioned way is the best!" 

Liam stood and kind of awkwardly extended his hand to Jaime and said, "Thanks, this has been amazing." Again with the smile, "Oh..we aren't done yet." 

Now Liam was confused. "Oh, I'm sorry..I just figured when you told me what was involved in a Gentleman's Makeover I would be done - I did see GMO beside my name on the schedule when I came in." 

"Well", replied Jaime, "that's true, but did you also the the MS+ beside your name?" 

"Come to think of it, I did." 

"Good! That takes place in a different room - follow me!" 

Liam was only too happy too. He could follow those swaying hips and ass all day. Eventually they entered a room that looked pretty similar to a massage room, but was quite a bit brighter and had more equipment, but did have a table in the centre of it. 

"Ok, Liam, I'd like you to take off the robe and your underwear and lie face down on the table. I'll be back in a min!" 

Robe and underwear?? Now Liam was mix of intrigue and panic. What the hell was going to happen now? He complied and laid down on the comfortable table and pulled the sheet up over his butt and was just getting comfortable when Jaime quietly knocked and asked it was ok to come back in. Once she had re-entered the room Liam couldn't wait any longer and just had to ask. 

"Ok Jaime, you got me, I've been wracking my brain but can't figure out what MS+ means." 

She giggled, "Well, aren't we full of questions! The MS part is "Manscaping." It's a service we offer and Liz has asked us to see if we can "tame the savage beast! We are going to trim all the unwanted body hair you have and sculpt it so you can look your absolute best for her. There will be a little shaving, some waxing, some clipping and some plucking. Liz has given us very specific instructions so when we are done with you, you will be even hotter than you are now!" 

Well..this was different. And it wasn't like he could refuse - this was, after all, Liz's weekend. So, he resigned himself to the fact that he was basically a sheep being shorn and just let it happen. Jaime lifted the sheet up and exposed the backs of his legs, keeping his butt covered, and announced that nothing needed to be done there, but did compliment him on having such strong, muscular legs, which made him feel very good. 

Then she started on his back. She told him that there was a lot of excess hair there to be removed and it could either be shaved or waxed - she suggested waxing as it would be quicker and last longer. He had never had anything like that done before, but had to admit that after she trimmed the hair short, the wax was not that uncomfortable and while it did sting a bit having it literally ripped out of his body, it wasn't that bad and was over fairly quickly. 

Liam was just about to turn over when Jaime said, "Now, just your butt to do and we are done on the backside." 

Uh-oh. Liam didn't know what to think of that, but before he could protest, the sheet was fully removed, completely exposing him to Jaime. 

"Damn! My girl Liz has herself some definite man candy! Liam..that is one fine butt you have there!" 

And then she immediately caught herself and said softly, "Excuse me, Liam, that wasn't very professional of me. I don't want to make you uncomfortable." 

Liam chuckled and replied, "Oh Jaime, it would be pretty hard to make me any more uncomfortable than I already am - totally exposed in front of a beautiful woman..I'll take any break in the tension I can get!" 

They both smiled and Jaime explained that in this "region" the best plan is to simply trim and clean up any unwanted hair. She set about her work quietly and efficiently, snipping here and there and just simply making his already "fine butt" even finer. She occasionally had to touch his ass cheeks to move them out of the way of the scissors and her touch was having an increasingly noticeable effect on Liam - to the point that he was very thankful that he was on his stomach. However, when Jaime used a soft brush to brush away the clipped hair and then leaned down and blew it off his ass, all bets were off. Her soft, cool breath ran between his ass cheeks and drifted enticingly over the underside of his ballsack in such a way as if almost felt and a soft wet tongue. Old Rex was about half way to "gimme some" and he was sure he was starting to leak precum. He was thankful when Jaime said, "All finished, and if I do say so myself, Liz is going to be impressed!" 

Liam's relief was short-lived however when Jaime told him it was time to do his torso and that he needed to roll over. She held the sheet up to preserve his modesty but once he was on his back, the sheet did little or nothing to hide Liam's half-hard erection. He was sure that he detected a quick, sharp gasp from Jaime when she looked down. The sheet completely covered his cock, but just barely and the bulge in it was one of the biggest she'd ever seen. She reminded herself silently, "Keep it professional, keep it professional." 

Jaime said, "Ok Liam, let's see what we've got to work with here. Hmm...you are in excellent shape! This is going to make you look fantastic." 

Liam replied, "I sure hope Liz didn't ask you to shave my chest - we will be here all day!" To which Jaime said, "Oh god no...what I will do though, is shave the excess hair that is growing past the edges of your pecs and shape what's on your pecs so it frames them. I'll also trim some of it so it's not quite so bushy. Next I'll remove this wispy hair on your upper arms and the "wild stuff" on your belly. Basically I'm just going to clean you up. You will look totally, totally hot when I'm done." 

And she set out do to just that. Liam had hoped that her work would be off-putting enough that his cock would cooperate and retreat a bit, but Jaime's touch was electric! While it seemed like she wasn't intentionally titillating him, everything she did seemed to ramp up the sexual tension that was already in the air. She would finish shaving an area and while wiping off the excess shaving cream would brush his nipple with the towel, sending an express message to his cock to pay attention. And when she trimmed the hair on his pecs, again with the blowing! This time, her soft breath caressed his nipples like a feather being drawn across them. Even when she was shaving the hair from his upper arms the way she held his arms and worked caused her perky tits to be pressed up against the back of his hand, it's warmth radiating through her thin blouse, tempting Liam to turn his wrist and take a nice handful - but he resisted. 

However, all of this stimulation had him pretty much fully erect and pulsing and Rex was betraying him by lifting the sheet. While his head wasn't peaking out, he was just barely covered, so when Jaime announced that she was going to trim his stomach region, there was no way she couldn't notice the sizable lump hidden under the thin sheet that now had a very noticeable wet spot showing on it. Nonetheless she kept it pretty much professional, but couldn't help herself and instead of brushing the excess hair off, again blew it off Liam's belly. The soft caress of her breath on his glans make him fully stiff and he couldn't suppress a moan as his cock jumped in appreciation of being teased. Jaime pretended to not notice, but she heard Liam's reaction and smiled inwardly at the effect she was having on this hot and handsome customer. 

"Well, Liam, we have one more area to clean up - I have to remove the sheet now." 

Liam panicked. While it was more than obvious his cock was rock hard, at least he had the modesty of the sheet. With it gone, he would be fully exposed. 

"Ahhh...umm...does it really have to be done?" he pleaded. 

"It's what Liz ordered - I can call her and ask if it's ok to not do it if you like." 

Liam knew what that answer would be. "No, it's alright..go ahead..it's just that, well, I'm kind of embarrassed at the state I'm in down there." 

"That you're hard? Oh gosh, no need to be - most men have the same reaction." And then she leaned into him and whispered seductively in his ear, "I take it as a compliment." 

Liam gulped, "You should. As un-sexy as getting your body hair trimmed is, I find this entire process very erotic." 

Jaime smiled, "Good, that's kind of my goal - might as well enjoy yourself right? Should we get started?" 

Liam choked, "Sure, I guess, if it's what Liz wants, I don't have much choice do I?" 

With that, Jaime pulled the sheet off her customer's loins. From gazing at him through the sheet she knew he had a big dick, but she was not expecting what she revealed. Liam's cock was, in her eyes, perfect. A straight, fat shaft, full of veins rising to a beautiful mushroom-shaped head that was oozing precum. All this sitting on a large, but not over-sized nutsack with no excess skin. This time it was her that couldn't help the involuntary reaction and Liam definitely noticed the audible gasp that escaped from Jaime's lips. It was also his turn to smile inwardly - he knew she liked what she saw. 

"Professional girl, keep it professional", she said to herself. Still, she couldn't not make a comment. 

"Liam," she said, "I hope I'm not making you feel uncomfortable when I say this, but you have a beautiful cock - I am TOTALLY jealous of Liz right now. And when I'm done with you, I'm going to make it even more beautiful! You just sit back and let me do my work!" 

Liam was stuck in purgatory between being embarrassed at the state he was in and completely turned on because of the way he got there. Nonetheless, he closed his eyes, hoping that his cock would soften enough to reduce his discomfort a bit. 

No such luck. 

Jaime set to her work and while professional in that she didn't blatantly stroke his cock, was definitely, in Liam's mind, handling it more than she needed to. She would hold it to one side as she applied the shaving cream to the other side of his groin and ballsack. And would also hold it out of the way as she shaved an area. And while he wasn't watching her, he could definitely feel her hand lazily gliding up and down his shaft as she was shaving him. He generally kept himself pretty trim down there because Liz preferred it, but he was now getting pretty much completely shorn - at least the area around his ballsack and taint. Unfortunately all of this attention to his nether region had him painfully hard, despite the awkward circumstances and his cock pulsed in Jaime's hand and was leaking precum like crazy. Some of it had oozed down the shaft of his cock and gotten on Jaime's hand and as she raised her hand to lick it off, Liam almost lost it. He desperately pulled out the "think of my mother-in-law naked" trick to stave off total embarrassment. He couldn't deny, however, that this entire situation had him unbelievably horny and they both knew it - Jaime had the evidence in her hand. 
