 ***This story could be put in several categories, it is an inter-racial story with mild non-consent/reluctance substory. If these topics bother you, you probably should stop here, if not, please enjoy***

It was almost 3 am and I was driving down the New York turnpike on an early Monday morning on my way home from a weekend work trip with my co-worker asleep in the passenger seat. I was exhausted and struggling to stay awake so I decided to text my boyfriend. I know, texting and driving is dangerous and I shouldn't do it but there were almost no other cars on the road and it was better than driving my car into a ditch!

"Hey baby. U awake?" I texted.

"Yeah. U almost home?" he texted back.

"No. I'm still in NY. It'll be another 4 or 5 hours. I'm tired!"

"Are you horny too?" 

"Always, LOL"

"Are you wet?"

"I've been thinking about you so what do you think?" I asked.

"I think you're wet enough I could probably slide right in."

"I think you're right."

"Is Amber sleeping?"

"Dead to the world."

"Call me now," he ordered.

Eric and I have been together for better than two years and we have a very active and kinky lifestyle. Eric is very demanding and knows that I like being told what to do and almost never tell him no. When I do tell him no, it's only on a rare occasion when I want to be spanked. He loves to spank me. He says there is something about his big black hand slapping my little white ass that gets his cock super hard. And I know that when I see his big black cock disappearing into my pretty white pussy, it does indescribable things to me. Just the sound of his deep husky voice makes my juices flow and my temperature rise.

I called immediately and tried to talk quietly so I wouldn't wake up my co-worker.

"Hey baby."

He didn't bother with the pleasantries.

"Put your hand in your panties," he demanded.

I didn't answer right away, looking over to see if Amber was as knocked out as I thought she was.

"Do it now Diana!"

"Okay, okay, but I am driving and Amber is sleeping right next to me," I argued as I slipped my hand into my pants and balanced my phone on my shoulder, keeping one hand on the wheel.

"Tell me how wet you are."

"My panties are soaked," I whispered.

"You wish my tongue was on your clit right now, don't you?" he asked, not waiting for me to respond. "You want to cum on daddy's tongue, don't you? You want my fat fingers rammed up in that pretty pussy don't you bitch?"

I was slowly rubbing my clit in circles and biting my lip to keep from screaming out. He knew that dirty talk would push me right to the brink whether or not my hand was in my panties.

"You gonna come home and take daddy's big black cock in your mouth, get it good and hard so you can climb on and ride daddy?"

"Uh huh," I managed to moan as my fingers were driving me closer and closer to the edge of the cliff where I dare not jump while driving.

"You want to cum for daddy, don't you my naughty bitch," he laughed, knowing my situation. "Are you mad you can't cum on daddy's fat cock right now? Daddy's stroking his big black cock baby. I wish I were deep inside of you right now. I love how your pretty white pussy milks this big black cock."

I wanted to cry from the intensity of the feelings shooting through my body.

"Uh huh," I moaned as I listened to the sound of him jacking off on the other end of the line. I needed release and saw the sign for a rest area up ahead.

I managed to stop biting my lip long enough to tell him I needed to stop for gas up ahead. I composed myself enough to go inside and pay for gas and continued to listen to him jack off and talk dirty to me while I pumped and Amber continued to sleep in the car.

"You're going to go inside and cum for daddy." He ordered.

"What if someone's in there?" I asked, not really caring because I already knew I'd do whatever he told me to do.

"Who cares? You're in New York. When are you going to see those people again? Now go inside and take your pants off."

"Yes daddy," I responded.

I walked inside, relieved to find that the place was basically deserted but for the workers behind the counters. As I turned the corner I bumped right into a large black man, who from his attire I assumed was a truck driver, walking in the opposite direction.

"Excuse me," I said, as I stood, unsure of which way to go around in.

He drew in a deep breath and I was suddenly aware that I quite possibly reeked of sex from my leaking juices on my panties and my fingers. He looked me up and down several times as he smiled at me. I was still dressed in my work clothes, a pair of black slacks, a loose flowing emerald green top and black stiletto heels. I was sure that my shirt showed a bit of cleavage (I'm a 38DDD) from his vantage point since even in the heels, I was standing at 5'8 and he had to have been at least 6'3 or 6'4 and he was looking straight down at me.

"No, excuse me," he responded in a rich baritone voice.

I ducked around him and into the ladies room just past him.

"Who was that?" Eric asked.

"A trucker, I think. He was leaving as I was coming down the hall. I think he could smell sex on me, thank you very much for that."

"You're welcome, now take off your pants."

I ducked into a stall made for nursing mothers, drew back the curtain and sat on the little bench inside.

"Leave the heels on," he ordered as he always did.

"Yes daddy," I answered.

"Tell daddy what you want me to do to you, but keep your hands to yourself until I tell you to touch my pussy."

"I want daddy's big black cock in my mouth, I want to lick all around the head and make daddy cum in my mouth," I told him.

"Daddy wants to shoot his baby making juice down your tight throat. I like watching my dirty bitch swallow daddy's cum."

"I love the way you taste daddy. I can't wait to get home and let you fill me up."

"I'm gonna fill that horny white pussy with this big black cock. Are you ready to take it, bitch?"

"Yes daddy, I want your big fat black cock in my pussy, daddy? I want you to fuck me so hard," I cried out.

"You want to touch yourself don't you bitch?"

"Can I please daddy? I'm so fucking wet. I'm ready to cum for you daddy," I begged.

"Tell me whose pussy that is."

"It's your pussy daddy. This pretty white pussy belongs to your big fat black cock daddy. I'm your property, daddy."

"That's a good bitch. I want two fingers in that pussy now."

My pussy was on fire and my fingers went to work immediately and I couldn't stifle my moans.

"Oh God daddy, thank you for letting me play with your pussy daddy,"

"Yeah bitch, you rub that clit now and pull those titties out. I want you sucking on those nipples for daddy."

"Oh yes daddy, yes, yes, yes," I cried out as I stroked my clit and licked and sucked on my nipples.

"You want daddy to fuck you with this big black cock, baby. You want it hard, bitch?"

"Yes daddy, fuck me harder daddy, fuck me, " I cried out as I got closer and closer to my impending orgasm.

"Daddy can hear it in your voice bitch, you're almost ready to cum on this cock aren't you?"

"Yes daddy, please tell me I can cum now daddy!"

"You want to coat daddy's big black cock with your cum bitch?"

"Yes daddy, please daddy, fuck me!"

"Do it, cum for daddy, cum all over this fat cock," he cried out as I heard his breath catch.

I closed my eyes as my body started to shake and I could see his cock erupting all over his hand as I heard him moan and gasp.

"Oh fuck yeah," I cried out as my orgasm racked my body.

"That's a good bitch," he replied as the curtain was pulled back and the trucker stood in front of me, his massive cock pointing right at me.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing in here?" I screamed out in shock as I tried to cover myself.

He reached out and covered my mouth, knocking the phone from my hand and pinning me to the wall behind me. I was splayed out, my pants on the floor, my panties pulled to the side, and my tits hanging out over the top of my blouse. I struggled to try to move but he was too strong. 

He reached down with one hand and picked up the phone. I thought he was going to end the call but he put it to his ear instead.

"So I hear your bitch likes big black cock," he said and then listened to whatever response Eric was giving on the other end. "Yeah, I've got a big hard black cock right here," he continued. "9 inches." Then silence."That's cool." Then silence."Yeah, yeah, I can do that." They seemed to talk forever and although I could only hear half of the conversation I was catching the drift.

He put the phone on speaker and sat it on the ledge across from me.

"He's gonna take his hand off of your mouth, baby. Don't scream. Daddy has it all under control. You understand me?" Eric said.

I nodded my head, yes, and he removed his hand from my mouth but kept holding me down to the bench.

"She's one sexy bitch, mister," the trucker said as he surveyed my goodies.

"She's one hell of a cock sucker too," Eric replied.

"Daddy, please no," I begged.

"Shut up bitch, you'll do what you're told and you won't argue with me."

"Yes daddy," I said timidly.

"Oh yeah, I do love me an obedient bitch. You've got her well-trained."

"On your knees. I want you to worship his big black cock just like you do daddy's. Show him what a good little cock sucker you are."

The trucker released his grip on me and I sank immediately to my knees. His cock was rock hard and pointing right at me. I took it in my hands and stroked as I traced my tongue around the head, tasting the pre-cum that had already formed. He moaned out as I slid my lips over the head and started to suck more and more of him into my hot mouth. I bobbed up and down on his cock and he moaned louder and louder as his cock grew even harder and larger in my mouth. When I let the head slip into my throat his knees threatened to buckle under his weight.

"Oh fuck," he cried.

"My bitch has your cock in her throat, doesn't she?" Eric said, knowing my technique by his reaction.

"Fuck yeah. Her mouth is so fucking good," the trucker commented as he started to thrust his hips and fuck my throat.

Eric had long ago erased my gag reflex and the trucker was enjoying the fruits of his labor.

"So tight," he moaned.

"You haven't felt tight yet," Eric chuckled. "Stand up," he barked, "Bend over and show that man daddy's pretty white pussy."

I pulled back and let his cock free from my mouth so I could do as I was told. I bent over and exposed myself to him like a good whore and he got down to take a good look.

"Oooo weee, that is some pretty white pussy," he said with a whistle. "And look at all that cum leaking out. She was really going to town over here."

"My bitch stays wet for her daddy. She cums over and over and loves to squirt on daddy's face. Her cream tastes so sweet. You want that man to taste that pussy, bitch?"

"It's your pussy, daddy. He can only taste it if you want him to," I said obediently.

"That's right bitch, daddy owns that shit," he said with a smile you could hear in his voice. He loves when I submit to his wishes. 

"You want to taste my bitch's pussy, bro?"

"It smells delicious. I can't wait to get my tongue in there," the trucker said as he drew close enough for me to feel his hot breath on my wet pussy.

"Slap that pussy, then dive in. Make her cum on your tongue," Eric demanded and the stranger listened.

I watched from underneath as his strong black hand slapped my engorged pussy hard and I almost came instantly even before his tongue snaked along between my folds. He licked from my asshole all the way to my clit in one steady motion.

"Oh God, oh fuck," I moaned as I felt the sensations on his tongue on my super sensitive clit.

"You like that, bitch?" Eric said from the phone. "You like having some strangers tongue in my pussy?"

"Oh yes daddy. Oh God yes. It feels so good," I moaned.

He pushed the tip of his tongue inside my channel and swirled it around a few times and then went back at my clit. He flicked my clit from side to side and I could feel my orgasm building.

"Oh yeah, right there, right there," I spurred him on. "Fuck yeah!" I screamed out. 

"Bite down on her clit and she'll squirt all over your face," Eric instructed when he could hear I was on the edge.

The stranger applied the pressure lightly at first and then firmer and I lost it. My knees buckled and I almost fell but he grabbed hold of my hips and held me in place as I exploded and my juices covered his face. 

"Oh fucccccckkkkkk" I screamed out, uncaring if the whole world heard me.

He lapped at the juices for what seemed like forever as I struggled to remain on my feet.

"My bitch tastes good, don't she?" Eric asked after he allowed him to feast for a few minutes.

"Sweet like honey," he replied. "And her shit was even tight for my tongue. I can't wait to ram this black cock up in her."

I stayed in my position, waiting to be told to get dressed. I knew that Eric liked hearing me cum but I was certain he wasn't going to let another man fuck me. I belonged to him and he wasn't going to give me away.

"That's extra," Eric said. "And it's upfront."

"What?" I said in amazement.

The stranger took out his wallet and handed me a wad of cash.

"She's got it," he said.

"Count it," Eric ordered.

I stood up and flipped through twenty after twenty until I had counted 400 dollars.

"There's 400 dollars, daddy, but I don't want..."

"Who asked what you wanted?" Eric interrupted.

"I'm sorry, daddy."

"Daddy decides what you want and don't want and daddy decides what happens to his pussy. Daddy knows you like big black cock in that pretty white pussy and daddy is going to make sure his bitch gets it. "

"Yes daddy," I agreed without putting up a fight.

Eric knew that I was as turned on by this as both of them were. I was just putting up a small fight for appearances sake. I wouldn't want some strange truck driver to think I was an out and out whore. It was better for him to assume it was at least partially against my will.

"I want some more of that mouth first," the trucker said, to which one of us he was speaking, I wasn't sure but Eric was the one who answered.

"On your knees, bitch," he ordered me.

I licked and sucked and allowed him fuck my throat again and felt his cock once again lengthen and stiffen inside of me.

"Yeah, get it good and hard so I can fuck that white pussy good," he moaned as I took him deeper and deeper.

A few minutes in, Eric interrupted. "Enough of that. It's time to give my bitch a good fucking. Bend her over and start from behind. He commanded.

I knew why I was listening and obeying his every command but to my amazement, the trucker was just as quick to do as he was told.

I stood up, turned around, and bent over the bench, thrusting my pussy back toward the stranger.

He started by rubbing the head of his cock up and down my slit and across my clit.

"You ready to get fucked," he asked.

"She's always ready, aren't you bitch?" Eric answered for me.

"Yes daddy. Your pussy is always ready for big black cock," I replied.

"Don't be gentle with her. She likes it rough, and hard, and fast," Eric instructed.

As soon as the words left his lips, I was impaled on a big fat black cock and thrust into the wall in front of me.

"Fuck!!!!!" he moaned out as my pussy clenched and spasmed around his cock as the first orgasm shook my body.

"Oh fuck yeah, oh God yeah," I moaned out.

"You cummin on that black cock already bitch?"

"Oh God daddy, he's fucking me good, daddy!" I screamed out as his cock hammered in and out of me, filling every inch.

He must have felt his orgasm approaching and wanted to prolong the inevitable because he slowed to a crawl and started pulling almost all the way out and then slowly driving back in. The feeling was delicious torture. 

"Oh fuck, that feels so good. Fuck me with that big black cock. Give it to me, fuck me," I kept calling out.

"Yeah, I'm givin you this cock bitch, and you're taking every inch. You like getting fucked by big black cocks, don't you?"

"Tell him how you like it, daddy wants to hear you tell him," Eric prodded me to speak.

"I love big hard fat black cocks in my pussy. I like getting fucked hard like the dirty little slut I am. I like being daddy's little bitch and being owned by my big black daddy. Oh fuck me harder, " I begged.

He started slamming his cock deep inside of me again, slapping his balls against my thighs, the sound filling the cavernous room around us, echoing loudly for all the world to hear.

"You're gonna pin her against the wall in front of you next. Watch what happens when you suck her nipples as you fuck her," Eric ordered and the man withdrew from my pussy.

I whimpered at the emptiness.

"You need that cock back inside of you, don't you bitch?" Eric said, knowing me so well.

"Yes daddy, I need cock inside me. I want to cum all over his cock, daddy."

The trucker picked me up, his muscular arms making me feel weightless as he held me over his cock.

"Take it in your hands, I want to watch you put that big black cock in that pretty tight white pussy." He ordered.

I glanced in the direction of the phone, and after being silent long enough to know I was waiting for his direction, Eric replied, "Go ahead, bitch. I know you want to watch that black cock disappear in daddy's pretty white pussy."

"Thank you daddy," I responded as I guided his fat black cock to my entrance and felt his push it inside of me with one swift motion.

My pussy clenched around the intruder, stretched to limits that only Eric had ever surpassed. He moaned as he filled me.

"Oh fuck daddy, he feels so good inside of me."

"Show him bitch. Show him how daddy's girl bounces on that big fat cock," he ordered and I obeyed.

I started slowly at first, pushing up and then lowering back down on his shaft as his head was thrown back, enjoying the sensations. I started to quicken the pace and his breath started to quicken in time and his moans grew more guttural as my pace increased.

"Oh fuck daddy, I can feel his cock stretching me daddy," I moaned.

"Fuck him good bitch. Give him his money's worth. I want to hear you cum on that cock again as you're riding him. I can hear you're close. You gonna cum for daddy. Let daddy hear you cum on some strangers cock."

"It's a beautiful black cock daddy, almost as beautiful as yours and its filling me so good daddy, I want to cum on his cock," I cried out as he moaned under me.

"Tell her she's a whore. Tell my whore to fuck you harder and she'll cum so hard all over your cock," Eric instructed.

"Oh God, oh fuck," I moaned, just hearing the words from my daddy, driving me closer and closer to my orgasm.

"Is that what you like?" he asked, looking at me and watching his cock disappear into my pussy. "You like being a whore? You like coming in here and teasing me, bumping into me, smelling like sex and then screaming off an orgasm and making me listen? This is what teasing whores get, they get fucked by strangers in bathrooms. Take my big black cock you little fucking white whore!" he roared.

I slammed down on his cock harder and harder and faster and faster as his words spurred me on and then the orgasm hit and my pussy clamped down on his cock and my body went rigid. He held me tight as my juices rushed down coating his cock and dripping down between us.

"Oh fuck, fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy. Treat me like I'm your dirty little whore!"

"Oh yeah, oh fuck, she's cumming so hard all over my cock. I'm about ready to burst," he moaned.

"Not yet," Eric warned. "She's got one more thing to show you."

"Fuck daddy, I don't know..." I began.

"Shut up whore!" he said, stopping me in my tracks. "Pin her up against the wall."
