 We pulled up in his driveway. 

He adjusted his watch, before exiting the car and walking over to me, opening my door.

"My lady." 

He took my hand and helped me out of the car. My heart skipped a beat as he led me towards the entrance to his house. 

Why am I so nervous? This isn't my first time, anyway.

His house was huge and the interior decorating fit the look of the house. The lights were dim and smooth jazz started to play as we walked through the door.

As soon as he shut the door, he gently pushed me against the wall. 

"I need to know if you're okay with this." He asked for consent as he toyed with the choker around my neck.

"Yes.." I breathed out, knees getting weaker by the second.

Without warning he pulled my face towards his, kissing me deeply. 

He picked me up in his arms and carried me towards the bedroom with ease, dropping me onto the bed.

I'm fucking my tutor. Isn't this wrong?

He took his shirt off before flipping me over, unzipping my dress and pulling it off my body.

Fuck, this may be wrong on so many levels. But it feels so damn right. 

I unclipped my bra and threw it onto the floor, the cool air hitting my nipples.

He climbed on top of me, burying his face in my neck, leaving a trail of kisses down my torso. 

He slides off and kneels at the foot of the bed. Wrapping his arms around my thighs, he pulls me towards him, my knees resting on his shoulders.

He traces a single finger over my panties and puts a little pressure on my clitoris. He circles around the lips and traces them down to the entrance, making me shudder.

He reaches towards my waist and pulls off my panties with his hands. Blowing cool air onto my bar pussy, he gives me the evilest grin before saying, "My favorite part of eating a woman out, is seeing her anticipation before she screams out loud."

"Good luck. I never scream out loud." I shot back.

He started slow, tracing his tongue around my pussy lips, licking slowly from the bottom to the top. I knew he couldn't make me scream.

But that was when he did it. He shoved his face between my thighs and attacked my clitoris with his tongue.

"OH MY FUCKING GOD." I screamed.

He lapped at my pussy without any hesitation. I moaned out loud, wrapping my fingers in his hair. I grinded against his face, coating him in my juices. He stuck out his tongue and I began to fuck his face, bucking each time his nose bumped against my clitoris.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck." I moaned out loud repeatedly.

I heard him grunt and let out a muffled laugh when he heard me moaning for him.

Fuck yes. 

He flipped me over and gave me a slap on the ass before taking off his pants.

"Wait, not yet. Lie down."

He raised an eyebrow in amusement as he laid down on the bed. I climbed on top of him, sitting on his hard cock which was covered by his boxers. Fuck, he's big. 

I turn around and take off his boxers. His hard cock springs out and I immediately take it in my hands and stroke it up and down. I lick the tip gently and hear him moan. I trace my tongue down his length and take him into my mouth.

At that moment, I feel him begin to lap at my pussy. I let out a whimper and shove him down my throat. I hear a muffled groan and feel his tongue licking faster. I bob my head faster and faster, eliciting moans from the both of us. 

"I'm close. I'm so close. Turn around. Let me fuck you."

I turn around and lower my pussy onto his cock.

"Oh Fuck." He growls as he wraps his hands around my throat.

He slams into me, his hard cock filling my pussy. I buck my hips and rock against him, screaming his name. 

I felt his hands tighten around my neck, as I place my hands on his chest to stabilize myself. 

He thrusts his cock into my pussy over and over. Sweat dripping down my forehead. 

I feel myself beginning to climax.

"I'm going to cum. Fuck. I'm going to cum. I'm going to fucking cum." I pant.

"I'm going to count to three."

"One."

Fuck.

"Two."

I can't do this.

"Three."

"FUCK."

Like a jolt of electricity rushing through me, I have a groundshaking orgasm that washes over me like a wave.

I hear him orgasm a few seconds later, our bodies shaking. It takes me a minute to calm down.

I roll over and fall asleep next to him.