 There was a soft and tentative knock at his door. He smiled to himself as he took a last look around the room before walking over to the door, making sure everything was set for the excitement the afternoon would bring. He took his time and then walked to the door and opened it. He didn't say a word just yet, he let her squirm just for a minute and then finally she said, "Mr. James, Hi...I'm Angela. I'm...um...I'm supposed to be getting tutored." 

"Yes, yes...Ms. Ryan said you'd be here. Said you were in need of some ...expertise. Come in and warm up it's cold out there."

Angela walked through the door as he let her by. He had moved over just enough so she would still have to brush up against him as she came through the door. Again he smiled to himself. "Here, let me take your coat." 

He was pleased at what he saw. She had come right from school and was wearing her uniform. A little plaid skirt, just a little too short, a white button down blouse, open just a button too far down, knee high socks and little black shoes. He sighed to himself, already feeling his cock getting hard, but thankfully he could control himself and her coat was draped across his arm blocking the view of his bulge. He didn't usually react quite so fast, but she was a sight, short red hair, petite little waist and tits about to bust out of her blouse. What more could a man ask for? Except for maybe her on her knees begging for his cock down her throat... in time Drew old boy, he said to himself, all in good time.

Let me get you something warm to drink you must be freezing walking all the way over here from St. Stan's. The school was only a few blocks away but it was damn cold today and the poor thing, her nipples were poking out so hard that it just had to hurt. They needed some attention and he was just the one to give it to them. He was all smiles today. They made small talk for a few minutes while he made some hot cocoa. All about how Ms. Ryan suggested she come over because she was falling so far behind in class and how she was really trying but just couldn't seem to pull her grade up this quarter.

The poor girl hadn't had a chance. Ms. Alicia Ryan was actually his girlfriend and she just had an eye for this girl. She'd been feeling her out and talking to her, taking her under her wing and becoming her mentor. Talking to Angela about colleges next year and what she would do when she left. Angela had come to think of Alicia as a confidant and began telling her about the boys she had dated and what she would do on her dates. Alicia loved every minute of it. She would come home and tell me all about this girl and how then she'd fuck my brains out for hours...I wasn't going to complain. Alicia had always liked to play with other women at times and would often invite them to join us. Who was I to stand between an extremely sexy woman and her fantasies? Just as long I was part of them, I was game. 

It was getting close to the end of the year. Angela would be graduating and in the spring and moving away to college and Alicia just couldn't bare the idea of not having the girl in her bed at least once. So I played along. Alicia had this girl convinced she was desperately close to failing Chemistry. Now this wasn't really true but it is fairly easy to plant the seeds of doubt in a teenagers mind. Angela was convinced she needed help to pass. And of course her friend and confidant Ms. Ryan had come to the rescue and offered me up as a free tutor. How convenient it all was.

Angela fidgeted with her books on the couch as I brought the hot cocoa out to her. I offered it to her and she took it and blew across the top of it to cool it and then sipped it slowly. How erotic it all was. I broached the subject with her. She just about started to cry when she told me how she would never get into a good college without pulling up her Chem grade, and how she just didn't understand because she was trying so hard. She even stopped dating and as she babbled on I heard something that made my eyes cross and she had my full attention. I was of course sitting next to her by now, my hand consoling her by rubbing her shoulder gently... being supportive of course, that's all. What I had heard her say as she talked a mile a minute was she was basically so frustrated she just couldn't concentrate. It was in the context of her stopping dating. She needed a good fucking...oh how perfect was this. Alicia would be so proud of how I handled the situation.

"So, you have a lot going on don't you young lady?" She shook her head in agreement and was practically leaning on my should at this point as my hand now rubbed her back, feeling the line of her bra. Flimsy thing. I wondered how it held in place at all.

She hadn't really realized what she had said to me, but I knew from the stories that Alicia had shared with me that this girl had quite a sexual appetite, especially for one of her tender years. Ah to be eighteen again. She was utterly defenseless and hornier than hell too. I took a moment, my hand still rubbing her back...her nipples were still rock hard and yet she was quite warmed up by now. "You know Angela I may have a solution for all of your problems." She looked up at me, confused and unsure of how I could possibly make this all better. "I'm sure Ms. Ryan doesn't want to see you this way. I bet I could convince her to help you...somehow." 

"How could you do that? And what did you mean when you said all of my problems?" It was then Angela realized what she had been saying to me about her boyfriends and not dating anymore, she stood, looking blankly at me for a minute and then seemed deep in thought. "So how could you help?" She actually took me by surprise. I pulled myself together quickly and smiled at her. I patted my lap and suggested we talk about it. She barely hesitated before she sat on my lap and it was then that I should have realized something was up because little miss innocent didn't have on any panties under that little skirt of hers. I could feel her pussy hot on my leg. She looked me in the eyes and said, "Explain how you can help me with ALL of my problems."

"Convincing Ms. Ryan to pad your grade a bit won't be a problem. We're old friends and she owes me a few favors anyway."

"And why would you help me?" Her hand slid down my chest a bit as she bit her lower lip, looking so good I could just devour her there and then. She could feel my cock growing under her and she adjusted a bit, but not to move away, just to be more comfortable. 

"I'm just a nice guy like that." I said smiling, as her hand went further down my chest and rested on my cock. My hand slid up her thigh and I felt the moisture already there. She half closed her eyes and a little moan escaped from her lips. Alicia was right about this girl...she was a little slut just dying to find a release. I pulled my hand away and told her to get on her knees. She looked at me and moved in front of me as I stood up and she waited. I opened my pants and as my cock just touched her lips they opened wide...I couldn't resist. "Tell me what you want." She looked at me and down at me cock as if deciding what she should do. She licked her lips and said, "I want your cock in my mouth...please." I pulled her head towards me and she swallowed me down so deep my knees almost buckled. 

It was an amazing feeling having that girl's lips and tongue explore every inch of me. She worked her tongue down to my balls and sucked them in and then back up and swallowed me down her throat. As she worked my cock I could see one of her hands working on her nipples and unbuttoning her shirt so she could have better access. I pulled her to her feet and kissed her hard. I rolled her nipples and pinched them hard and she moaned into my mouth and pushed into my hands. She wanted more. I couldn't fumble with the rest of the buttons so I ripped open her pristine little white shirt and buttons went flying in all directions. That flimsy little bra was next and then I had full access to those beautiful tits. Large and round with her nipples standing straight out begging me to suck them. I licked one and sucked it in and brushed my teeth across it. Her knees got weak.

I wanted to see that beauties little pussy. I told her to turn around and lean over the recliner so I could see her pussy. She was almost begging me to fuck her. I ran my hand up her thigh and over her ass, moving the skirt up along the way. What a sight she was. Leaning over my chair with her voluptuous tits dangling down in front and her ass and pussy exposed and vulnerable to me. I rubbed my fingers up her slit and around her clit. She moaned and pushed back into my hand. She was dripping wet already. I stuck a finger in deep and slowly started fucking her in and out, deep and hard. She moved in unison with my hand and then I touched her clit and she screamed. She bucked back and forth harder and harder and then I pulled out. Her head spun around and looked somewhat bewildered because she was expecting me to fuck her, but not just yet.

I told her to lie back in the chair so I could eat her pussy. She lied back with one leg over each arm of the chair. I asked her to show me how she played with herself. Her hands traveled over her tits, tugging at her nipples and twisting them even harder than I had. Then one hand found its way down to her slit and began rubbing her clit in a circular motion. Her eyes were half closed as she found that spot that would push her to another orgasm. She started rubbing harder and moving her hips. She even pulled her nipple up to meet her little pick tongue. She sucked on one and then the other and moaned loudly. I pulled her hand aside and began running my tongue over her clit, sucking and flicking that hard little nub over and over again. She screamed out again and pulled my head harder into her. I almost couldn't hold on to that little thing as she bucked and writhed around. 

I sat up and kissed her again. Feeling that eager little tongue dart in and out of my mouth. And then she moaned... "Fuck me please, Mr. James. Put your hard cock in my pussy." I grabbed her around the waist and stood up. Her legs locked around me and as I leaned her up against the wall she got what she had asked for. My cock slid in that sweet tight little pussy and the sensation was mind blowing. Her pussy closed around me and then I fucked her. She came again and I could feel her cum dripping down me as I rammed into her over and over again. She begged for more. I called her a horny little bitch and she loved it.

I turned and sat on the couch with my cock still deep in her and let her loose. She grabbed onto the back of the couch and started to ride me slow and deep. I sucked and pulled her nipples pulling her down on me every time she pulled up. The rhythm picked up and she started tightening her pussy around my cock. She started rubbing her clit while she rode my cock harder and faster. Taking me as deep as she could and then up, with my cock almost out and then down. It was amazing. Her eyes half closed, her head thrown back holding onto to me with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other, all while I played with her tits as she rode me hard. I couldn't contain any longer. I felt her cumming all around me and as she screamed out again I kissed her hard and finally came for what seemed like forever. 

We stayed like that for a time and then she cuddled up next to me on the couch looking entirely thrilled with herself. I had entirely forgotten the little charade Alicia and I had planned and just as I was beginning to remember what I was supposed to be doing, I looked up as the door opened. Alicia stood there beaming. I expected Angela to freak out with her teacher in the door and just as I started to speak both of them began to giggle uncontrollably. I was lost. Alicia stepped fully into the door and produced a magnificent birthday cake. "Happy Birthday, Drew!" they said in unison. Their voices were so similar and they even giggled alike. "I see my little cousin has already introduced herself."

I was dumbfounded and still speechless. It had all been a ruse. Alicia knew my schoolgirl fantasy and was hell bent on making it come true for my birthday. They had been planning it for months. The girls had been quite pleased with themselves and I was entirely satisfied. I was just sitting back and taking it all in when Alicia looked over at me, smiling and said, "So are you ready for the rest of our plans for the evening?" 

I knew the night still had many more surprises in store, but that's another story.