 "Mmm..." said my friend Kim, "I wouldn't kick that out of the bed."

She was talking about the guy who had just walked into our tutorial room. He was about six feet tall, with jet black hair swept to one side and full, sensuous lips. He wore a T-shirt that was pulled tight by his broad chest, and faded blue jeans that hugged his firm ass and bulged impressively at his crotch. He spoke and his voice was deep, confident and sexy.

"Alright. Hi everyone, I'm Paul. I'm a fourth year student here doing computing science and, as your professor has fled to America for the month, I'll be taking these tutorials."

He handed out the worksheets for the session, telling everyone it wasn't that tricky this week but if we had any problems just ask. When he came to Kim and I, I took my sheet and said thank you while she leant forward over the desk, giving him a good view of her enormous breasts in her low cut top and uttered her thank you in a husky growl. His eyes were blue, with flecks of gold. His lips twitched in what might have been a smile and he moved on to the next group of people.

Kim and I share a flat, and she rarely went a week without having some guy spending the night. I had had a few boyfriends over, but we counted one night and I had had four lovers while she claimed to have been fucked by over 30 different guys. So I wasn't surprised with what she did next, though it struck me as quite ingenious at the time.

She called Paul over and asked him a question about the assignment - we were supposed to e-mail it around the class once we were done. "I'm not sure how to do it," said Kim. "Can I send it to you, to test?" He agreed and she sent him an e-mail. What she didn't have to send as part of the assignment was her phone number and an invitation to call her. He looked over at Kim from his computer, glancing over her big tits and small frame, then raised his eyebrows quizzically. She smiled her sexy smile and nodded slowly, never taking her eyes off his.

He called that night, and they arranged to go out for a drink that same evening. I helped Kim get ready - she laid out her sexy black thong and matching bra and picked out a slinky little black number that would grip her figure like a desperate lover.

"How d'you think he'd like my pussy?" she asked. "Shaven, trimmed or just hairy like it is now?"

It embarrassed me when she asked things like that, but she was always completely frank about everything sexual. I knew everything about all her lovers: the length and thickness of their cocks, how long they lasted, how wet they had got her, how often she came (if she didn't come, they didn't get a second go with her - those evenings I'd hear her with her vibrator in our bathroom when the guy's moans had stopped and given way to snores). I tried to tell her as little as I could about my lovers, but she would usually push and pry until I said something. Once, when I lied to her in a tipsy haze that my (now) ex-boyfriend had the biggest dick I'd ever had, she deliberately walked in on him when he was in the shower.

She went in to the bathroom naked (she frequently wanders our flat naked), and stepped unceremoniously into the shower with him. "Hi," she said, "You don't mind if I shower with you, do you? But I'm in a rush today."

She soaped up, taking care to rub the soap into her nipples, and sponging the smooth flesh between her legs with gentle moans of pleasure. She "accidentally" brushed a hand against his cock. Andrew stood there, fully hard, his cock straining to its full four inches in length.

He told me she tried to get him to fuck her and he had said no. He said it was too embarrassing and he thought that maybe we should take a break from each other.

She said he had grabbed her tits and tried to stick his cock up her ass. She had easily pushed away from him and told him, in her own words, that she'd seen "newts with bigger dicks than him" and if she wanted something small inside her she'd use a tampon.

When he and I had sex, he would grab my tits in his nervous, sweaty hands and squeeze them painfully as he pumped in and out of my pussy with his cock. He usually lasted a minute before spraying come into his condom and collapsing, panting, beside me - so I tended to believe Kim's story over his. Anyway, he left.

She told me if that was the best I'd had, I needed to get out more. Of course, I would never be so stupid as to tell Kim about a good lover.

Paul and Kim came back from the club at about midnight. From my room I heard her lead him into the kitchen as he said, "Just one cup, then I have to get going." There was a lull, broken by the steamy hush of the kettle boiling. They chatted quietly, and I couldn't hear anything until he said, "Anyway, I'd better... Ohh." His slow sexy voice had become deeper and breathy. There was a short rasp of a zipper being pulled down. "We really shouldn't... I'm like your teacher... Ahh." A thick wet slurping sound followed. There was a sucking pop, and Kim huskily: "What are you, one year older than me? 22? Now do you really want me to stop?"

He said no, and there was another slurping noise. I eased slowly out of my bed, so that the springs wouldn't give me away, and crept to the door in my bare feet. I reached out hesitantly and grasped the handle as I had grasped the first cock I had ever touched - slowly, reluctantly, uncertainly but with a slight dampness in my loins and an anticipatory flutter in my stomach. I slid the door slowly open.

The kitchen lights were all on, focused on the sight in the centre of the room. Kim knelt on the floor, breasts thrusting against the top of her dress, one hand cupping Paul's balls as the other stroked up and down his immense shaft. Her mouth worked on the head of his cock, sucking it in and out, running her tongue over it, covering every inch she could. Paul stood at right angles to me, with his head facing me and I thought he had seen me. No, his eyes were closed; his jeans and boxers were around his ankles. My heart settled with relief even as it quickened at the sight of the biggest dick I had ever seen. It was about nine inches long and extremely thick. What areas Kim wasn't paying attention to were smooth looking, the skin almost olive. My cunt was dripping wet, never so wet. I reached one hand under the waistband of my pyjama bottoms, and jammed my fingers into my pussy. No time for care or slowness, I rushed to orgasm, my fingers brushing my swollen clitoris and running around the lips of my vagina. With my other hand I caressed the swell of my breasts and pinched my nipples to an almost painful arousal as Kim took more and more of Paul's incredible cock inside her mouth. Soon he shuddered, his legs spasmed, and he gave a gasp that was part groan. I could almost see the convulsion that forced his cum from his balls through that magnificent shaft, almost taste the juices that flooded Kim's mouth. She smiled up at him- slow, sexy- and opened her mouth, extending her tongue, showing a surprising quantity of semen on it. She took it back in and swallowed it. "My turn" she said.

She stood up and shimmied out of her dress; Paul gaped at her large breasts held in place by some work of brassiere-maker's art in a flimsy, filmy black piece of lingerie. He took in the translucent thong, barely concealing her obviously hairless pussy. She threw off the bra, her breasts standing tall and proud, and he leant in swiftly and pulled her against him. He kissed her, his tongue working against hers that had so recently been smothered in his cum, and held her round the waist with one hand, the other running down to her thong. It glistened in the light, sodden with her most intimate juices. He reached two fingers into the thong and flicked her cunt. Kim gave a brief moan and moved back till her pert ass hit the table. She hopped up on it and hitched her legs up so he could slip off the thong. "Give me head, bitch," she said. He ignored her for the moment, looming over her and kissing her neck. His now flaccid cock dangled against the table, and I reminded myself to wash it (the table) before breakfast. I was surprised - soft, his cock was no great length, but I knew from her stories that even Kim had never had one as big when erect. He moved his attentions down, kissing the swell of her breasts, circling in on her small nipples and taking first one and then the other into his mouth, sucking them into sharp points. Kim twisted her head to the side and gasped, breathing heavily, then panting and slowly moaning his name. Paul's cock was gradually regaining its size and rigidity, and my pussy was wet again. He left her breasts and started kissing and licking his way down her belly. I stepped over to my dresser and moved away the towels in the lower drawer, revealing a slender black box. For my 20th birthday, Kim had bought me a dildo - it was slightly smaller than Paul's cock, the soft rubber was easy on my cunt on the few times I had used it.

Paul was licking her out now, his hands fingering her anus as his tongue flicked over her vulva, then probed into it, teasing her inner lips and gently palpating her clitoris. He kept at this, and I kept fingering the nipple on my left breast, circling it, holding back the delicious moment when I would ease the dildo into my pussy. Kim's breath was coming louder and louder, each one more a struggle to get out against the pleasure flowing from her cunt, panting now, "Ohhh... Paul... Ohhhhh... Paul!" She drew out his name with each repetition, finally climbing to the gasped mantra I head so frequently through the thin walls separating our rooms - "I'm coming, I'm coming."

His cock was rock hard now, and he had to devote one hand to holding it up against his torso- so it wouldn't be banging against the table- as he kept building on her climax. As she settled, satisfied, he moved one hand to her cunt, and fingered it with great dexterity, keeping her aroused, as the other shrugged off his shirt. He swapped hands to exit the final sleeve, and stepped out of his jeans, reaching down to snag something from his wallet.

I pressed the head of the dildo against my very ready opening as he rolled the condom down his penis - it looked incredibly tight. Kim was resting on her elbows, sitting up with her breasts sagging pleasantly down her belly, her legs lifting her pussy off the table, her wetness dripping onto it. She licked her lips (actually licked her lips!) as she saw him getting ready: "You're so big! I've never had one like that."

"I've heard that before, but it's always nice to hear it, " he smiled, moving towards her with his cock in one hand. Together they guided it in, and I followed their lead with the dildo. Did Kim look over at my door and wink? He started to thrust, varying his stroke: short and slow, fast and long. She moved with him, and they probed each others bodies with the experience of long hours of pleasurable practice. I followed their rhythm. Kim climaxed swiftly, as did I. Paul continued, thrusting harder into her, then softer, her wild moans driving him to perform as well as he ever had. I briefly wondered what the neighbours would think, but then the show in front of me and the building charge generated by the dildo in my pussy rendered the thought irrelevant. Besides, Kim had had "guests" before. Kim came again, and then a third time when Paul came, and he collapsed on top of her, already eager enough to be playing with her tits. I had just been building to my third orgasm when they had finished. They slowly got up, and I stepped back from my door, enjoying the full sensation of the dildo resting in my cunt.

Kim directed him to her room, and told him to get ready - she was going to the bathroom. She did go there, ran some water, but when she came out, she tapped on my door, and opened it a crack. "Seeing as you seem so into it, tomorrow maybe we can all play, but tonight... tonight, Miranda, that huge cock is all mine."

I made myself come with the dildo, listening to the creak of her bedsprings, her moans, and his occasional grunt. Finally, I stuffed my head between my pillows and got a little sleep. I wanted to be fresh for my plan in the morning.

Kim slept late, and I heard Paul's heavy steps heading to the bathrooms, the spattering gush of the shower. I stepped out of bed, slipped off my pyjama bottoms and the T-shirt I wore to bed, and, wrapping myself in my dressing gown, headed for a shower.

I threw off my dressing gown and stepped into the shower. Paul had his back to me, letting the water run over his face, so when I slipped my hand round his torso and caressed his penis, he said "Didn't think you'd be up for a while yet."

I said nothing but brought my other hand to bear on his cock. I could feel it growing hard under my attention - it was pleasantly firm and, as I had thought, the skin was wonderfully smooth. I had both hands running up and down his shaft, and I started rotating the movement slightly. When my hand reached the head of his cock, I ran my palm over the top. He moaned, "You're so good at that." I sensed he was ready now, so I pulled on his cock so that he had to turn and face me. As he froze in surprise, I glanced down at his beautiful cock, the olive colour now flecked with red from all the use it had seen last night. He was speechless, but his cock was still perfectly firm, and he was looking at my pussy, ringed with a small line of dark hair; he was looking at my breasts, quite small but with a pleasant swell and tiny, light brown nipples; he was looking at me: slender, tall, lithe with long dark hair and eyes of pure brown.

"Kim..." he said. I frowned and pressed a finger against his lips. I leapt into his arms, wrapping my legs around his waist and grinding my ankles into his buttocks. I had to keep my hands around his neck now or fall, so it was up to him to make the next move. He guided his cock gently into my welcoming pussy with his hands. "You're so tight!" he exclaimed, pleased.

We fucked. It was incredible.

I don't know if he'll tell Kim - I hope he does. Seeing her last night was almost an epiphany, it was like the final piece of a puzzle that you didn't know was a puzzle until that last piece fell into place that shifted your perspective so that seemingly unconnected data aligned like tumblers in a lock. What I had thought was a pleasant, free and unconstrained sexuality was a façade behind which Kim's sex was a weapon, a veiled and honeyed sword that slashed and emasculated the lovers she discarded, that she held against my back to ensure I, like her, would always be alone. Whether it's intentional or subconscious I don't know and don't care, but from now on the game continues on my terms.