 I couldn't wait until my next Intro to Biology lecture. Yes, I do love teaching and yes, I do love teaching the fundamentals of cell theory. But, my eagerness for my next class had nothing to do with love of education; rather it had everything to do with my front-row sweetie. Our last encounter had left me painfully desperate for a more hands on lesson with her. After she had climaxed and walked out of the lecture hall, I had been left standing behind my podium, my penis erect and straining against the fabric of my suit pants. I had never been so close to orgasm in such a public place. I knew that I had a few minutes before the next class, but I was unsure how to proceed. I looked around the room making sure that it was empty, and then pulled my cock out of my pants. I made sure that the podium fully hid me and began to stroke myself. My dick was already throbbing, about to burst, from having watched her play with herself. I could still smell the heady scent of sex. As I jerked off, I imagined looking down at her auburn head as she sucked my cock. I could almost feel her wet, plump tongue tickling the head of my rod as her lips worked the shaft. I imagined grabbing that flowing hair as I shoved deeper into her. I felt my balls tighten as I shot my load into the back of the podium. My body shuddered as cum squirted out of my dick and I grabbed the podium with one hand to steady myself. I zipped my pants up, straightened my tie and casually left the lecture hall.

After a class like that, all I could think about was being able to actually fuck my student, rather than just watch her cum. As my students started to arrive, I stood behind that same podium and set up my materials as though everything were normal. The only abnormal thing was that my cock was already beginning to harden, just with the anticipation of her arrival. I didn't know how I was going to make it through my whole lecture without losing it. It was time for me to begin, but she wasn't there in her usual seat up front. I started to panic, worrying that she wasn't coming or had decided to report me or...just as my nerves were beginning to interfere with my lecturing, I saw her slip in one of the doors at the back of the room. She caught my gaze and gave me a hint of a smile. She stood just inside of the door and let her hand unobtrusively graze her already erect nipple. My rod twitched with anticipation as she slowly walked down the steps of the lecture hall and took her usual seat in the front row. She settled into her chair, legs demurely crossed at the ankles, showing absolutely nothing. She pulled out her notebook and began taking notes. All through my lecture, she was the model student, diligently taking notes and paying her upmost attention to what I was saying. If she hadn't smiled at me when she had come in the lecture hall, I almost could have believed that I had imagined the show she gave me last time. Every time my eyes flitted over to her, I could feel my cock harden, but she did not reward my interest with any type of a show or even a peek. 

When class ended and my students noisily exited the classroom, I began to pack up my lecture notes and other materials. I was disappointed that my front-row hottie had not done anything untoward during class, so I was concentrating on my task as hard as I could. 

"Professor?" I jumped when I heard her soft voice right next to me. I looked up into her smiling eyes. "I wanted to thank you for another fascinating class. It's always a pleasure getting to learn from you." As she said this, she tucked a strand of her silky auburn hair behind her ear. "I'm sure there is a lot more that I can learn from a man of your experience." My heart was pounding, my cock was hardening. I cleared my throat before replying.

"Thank you. The pleasure has been all mine." I hesitated, unsure of what to say next. She reached out a hand and gently laid it on my chest. She began to carefully push me backwards towards the desk next to the podium. My ass bumped into it, preventing me from backing up any further. She pressed her body up against mine and kissed me. Her lips were soft and plump, but her kiss was anything but gentle. Her tongue pushed my lips open and explored the inside of my mouth. I couldn't wait to feel that nimble tongue dancing up and down my rapidly hardening shaft. My hands hesitantly rose to her waist. They skimmed along her sides until they were cupping her breasts. Realizing that she was not wearing a bra, I began to rub her pert nipples through the sheer fabric of her shirt. She sighed slightly into my mouth as she pressed harder against me. She grabbed one of my hands away from her breast and pushed it up under her skirt. She pressed my fingers into her slick pussy. I began to fuck her slowly with my fingers, while my thumb rubbed her emerging clit. She held onto my arm tightly, as though she was afraid that she would lose her balance while her hips ground her cunt up into my fingers. Her lips wandered up my neck, until she was nibbling my ears. Shivers of pleasure rolled down my body, into my cock, making it swell and press against my now tight pants. 

Her hands fumbled with my zipper, as she pulled out my hard, turgid rod. She stroked it with her velvety hands, exploring it, getting to know every inch of it. My student got to her knees and put my penis in her mouth. She slowly licked the tip and then moved down the shaft, caressing all of me with her delicious tongue. It already felt like my cock was going to burst, when she let me slide deep into her throat. Her lips wrapped around my dick, while her throat massaged the tip. I thought I was going to blow my load right then. But, I took a deep breath and tried to keep my mind off of the amazing blowjob. This was less than successful, of course. If I looked down, I could see her auburn head bobbing back and forth on my cock, with her tits jiggling with every move. I could see myself sliding in and out of her wet, glistening mouth, while her hand massaged my sensitive balls. 

I grabbed her hair and pulled her off of my dick. She struggled with me, trying to keep her mouth wrapped around me, but I kept a firm grip on her. I turned us around so that she was perched on the desk, with her legs spread wide open, her shaved pussy completely open to me. I knelt down and started to lick her. My tongue explored the juicy folds of her cunt, tasting the saltiness of her fluids. I explored her tight little hole, which throbbed and trembled around my tongue, as I penetrated her with it. I gently massaged her clit, until she forced my head harder against her. Her hands held my mouth tightly to her quivering nether-regions. Her breath was coming in short little gasps, as she ground her hips against me. She came hard, her whole body shaking as orgasms rippled through her whole body. 

"Professor, please, fuck me," she gasped. I spun her around and pushed her head down to the desk. Her skirt flipped up around her waist, presenting her heart shaped ass and her dripping pussy to me. I paused a moment trying to decide which to penetrate and then plunged into her cunt. As my shaft pushed deep into her, she let out a loud guttural moan of pleasure. I grabbed ahold of her sides and began to forcefully pound in and out of her slick, tight pussy. I could feel my balls tighten with pleasure and began to slow down my thrusting. 

"Do...not...stop..." she hissed between clenched teeth. I began to pound her harder again, the tip of my cock slamming into her cervix, as she began to climax. Her cunt clenched around my shaft, pulling me closer and closer to my own orgasm. As her shudders of pleasure began to subside, I pulled my cock, wet with her juices, out. I rubbed it, using her lube to make myself cum. My semen squirted onto her ass, dripping down through her crack onto her pussy. I groaned as the last of my load shot onto her perfect, round rear. 

She stood up, turned around and smiled at me. 

"Thank you professor for the individualized, one-on-one attention. I look forward to our next class." As I stood there with my now limp cock hanging outside of my pants, she picked up her books and sashayed up the lecture hall and out of the room. I leaned back onto the table, watching the door close behind her. I tucked myself back into my pants and began counting the hours until my next Intro to Bio lecture.