 I hang up the phone, smiling eagerly as grab my things and make my way to the elevator. My five friends have left the hotel already to head to a local hot-spot club then to a strip bar perhaps, something I just wasn't in the mood for. I let them go their own way knowing things will probably get drunk out of hand with them and end up in some stupor and an event in walking back to the hotel as they just can't seem to get it together to catch a taxi back. Shaking it off I walk to the elevator and head down to the lobby to catch a cab.

The Vegas air is cool in February. A chill washes over my face as I zip up my jacket and head for the line of cabs waiting in line at the curbside. I jump into one, trying desperately to ignore the odor emanating from the front seat. 

"To the Monte Carlo, please." I say as the cab begins its short journey to the casino. 

As the cab makes its way through the Saturday night traffic I think of the night ahead, shifting in my seat in anticipation, smiling at the message left for me, and the message I left myself. Thoughts dance through my head of the possibilities that could transpire tonight, the thoughts of finally meeting you, one who I have lusted after for so long, one with whom I have shared the most intimate thoughts, and actions over the computer, over the phone lines, from one naughty thought to another. A screech and sudden stop jolts me from my fantasy, and I look up to find myself in front of the casino door already. I pay and tip, and make my way out towards the door.

The casino is fairly empty for a Saturday, most of the crowd probably roaming the strip, and the more bustling clubs and casinos. I do not mind this one bit as I was not in the mood for a crowd anyhow. I know this is your hotel, and I know you are here somewhere. 

After arriving at the bar and ordering a Jack and Coke to start me off I scan the casino with hungry eyes, my gaze meeting several blonde beauties and exquisite looking brunettes, but none of them hold my gaze for long as I know they are not what I am here looking for. Before I know it, my body is warm after downing my second JC, my hands numb a bit, and my eyes seem to waver as I now scan the room once more. I'm ready to begin now I think to myself. I order a Heineken for myself and head towards the blackjack tables. 

I make my way to the ten dollar minimum tables, finding them not as crowded as I had hoped. Just as well I sit down with 2 other people and change my fifty dollar bill into chips, and my betting begins. A see-saw fifteen minutes passes, winning some, losing some. Three beers in now. I can tell my buzz is kicking in hard because I find myself laughing my losses off, not really losing, but still watching the dealer take chip after chip, hand after hand. Suddenly I also notice, that I have stopped watching the room, hoping to catch a glance of the sole reason I am in this casino on this fine night. And then it happens. 

 I watch the dealer hand me out my two cards as a body slides into the seat next to me, not laying down money, but just sitting there. Tempted to look, yet focused on my pair of tens sitting on the table before me. I watch as the dealer flips her own five over. "I have this" I think to myself, so I do what I had wanted to since the moment this body slid up next to me, I look over. 

My eyes fill with the most exquisite vision ever to grace my perception before. Long brunette hair cascading down a slim, slender body wrapped elegantly in a strapless black dress, slit up the side, revealing a pair of slender crossed legs going on for what seems like miles. Fit arms rise up to brush the wavy dark locks away from a face that was to die for, made up very nicely and wearing a smile that could melt the most rigid of hearts. 

Taken so much by this beauty as she smiled at me, I stare dumbfounded, speechless, trying to find the right words to make my first. Instead you motion with your eyes to the table as the dealer is handing me back my bet multiplied by two. I withdraw my next bet to sit the round out, and turn my attention back to you. 

Still not entirely sure, I open my mouth, "Kaylee?" I ask.

A smile tells me I'm right, and you tell me how awesome it finally is to meet as you extend your arms around me and we embrace in the hug to end all hugs. I take in your sweet perfumed scent and the fruity aroma of your silky hair in my face. My arms wrap firmly around your shoulders and I feel your body tremble as I roam my hands over your exposed shoulders and arms. 

I break the embrace to look over you once more, not believing that you are actually in my presence, in my arms. We smile at one another, just staring, eyes' scanning over one another, making sure this is not a fantasy or dream, and that we are really here with each other. 

"So you got my message eh?" I ask stopping the waitress for another green for myself and a drink for you. 

"Yes I did, and I knew just where to look to find you. I was actually watching you for a few minutes before making my way over here. Maybe shaking off a few nerves in the process." you giggle.

Either way, here we are, sitting with one another, staring at each other, and giddy with anticipation of what's to come. 

You lean over to me as the dealer gets set to shuffle the decks for the next round. You whisper to me to drop my whole bank down. One bet, one shot, for two reasons. The first, and primary reason, is that you can handle it no longer and want to go up to your room with me to show me "how nice your suite is". And the second being that you can feel it, twenty-one, coming up. 

I stare at you through small, squinted eyes, your blurry outline coming into focus quickly as your hands slithers up my thigh, crawling its way to where my leg meets my torso, a finger slipping down into the space, as your hand now rests on my inner thigh. My eyes never leave yours as I slide my own hand across the table, pushing all of my chips into the betting circle. "One-hundred and forty five dollars." the dealer says I break my gaze from you and look at her and nod.

You lean in closer to me as the dealing begins. I don't care what the other two people have, I merely watch as my cards are laid out before me. Slow motion takes over as the first card is placed before my stack of chips. A Queen. A heat rushes through my body as I am one card closer to the blackjack that has eluded me all night long. One arm wraps around me, your head now on my shoulder, your breath floating over my neck, adding to the intense heat I am feeling from this hand that placed me all in. 


The dealer's card is flipped over as a ten, I shake it off. I continue to watch as the dealer's hand moves in a slow blur across the table, laying out the last cards for the two people before me. Time slows even more as her hand makes its way to my stack, over the card turns. I am almost afraid to look as her hand clears away from the card to reveal the big black spade in the middle of the card. Audio returns to my senses as I hear you scream out in delight, a scream mixed in with the echoing words of the dealer and the resounding "Blackjack!" of the two players to the right of me. 

I watch in delight as the dealer hands me out my winnings making my cash out a total of three-hundred sixty two dollars and fifty cents. I continue watching as the dealer changes my chips for black ones totaling one hundred dollars a piece, three of them. I stand from the table and slide the dealer a ten dollar chip as tip. She smiles in appreciation, and it is then that I realize how pretty she is. A fascination that is soon lost as I turn to see you again standing beside me with a smile plastered across your face. 

I grab you in delight and hug you up tightly, thanking you for your good luck and desirable premonition. You hug me back and plant a soft kiss upon my cheek, saying that it was not you who made that happen, but that it was good luck nonetheless. We laugh it off, grab our drinks and make our way to the elevators arm in arm. 

We make small talk while we wait and exchange small inconspicuous gropes of each others' bodies. The elevator gets there and a small group of girls pour out. No words are exchanged just hungry sly glances in both directions. As we step in and turn to face outwards I could have sworn a blonde beauty turned to blow a kiss in our direction just as the door slid shut, and as I turned to ask if you caught that as well, my thoughts were quickly swayed by the pair of lips which plastered themselves on mine. 


Your arms wrap around me, pushing me into the back of the elevator with a thud. My own arms wrap tightly around your waist as I return the kiss with a heated fervor. Our first kiss igniting a flame of desire which burned hotter than any fire ever sparked. Your head twists and turns as your tongue ravages mine. I kiss you back as best I can, trying to compose this animal that has come forth before me. 

You gasp in between heated breaths about how bad you wanted this the minute you laid eyes on me at the table, and how hard it was to not drop the floor before my stool and do me right then and there. I admit to having the same desires as my hands explore the terrain covered by this sheer black dress in my hands. 

We kiss once again, deeper, harder, as our tongues dance happily with one another's. The taste of coke, beer, and a fruity hint of wine mixes through our mouths. You lift a leg up onto the rail of the elevator and begin to rub up and down my body, your dress being hiked far up your legs to bunch around your waist as I catch a hint of panty-less dampness against my crotch. You smile wickedly and drop your leg, adjusting your dress as the elevator slows to a stop, and the door opens with the ring of a bell. 

We step out into the cool air of the hallway and make our way quickly down the hall, stopping in front of your room. I giggle as I notice the room is #2121; you wink suggestively as you thrust the door open and lead me by the hand into the cool darkness. A dim light illuminates the room as you make your way around the spacious suite kicking some things aside and straightening up a little. You place a bunch of bags on the other side of the bed as you explain where your roommate is, and that this is "our" room tonight. You flop down back first onto the bed closest to the balcony, propped up on your elbows, your hair falling elegantly over your protruding breasts, and with a crook of your finger, you beckon me to you. 

I make my way to you, watching as you slide further up the bed as I slide onto it. Your legs part as I crawl in between them on all fours. Like backing prey into a corner, my predatory senses heighten as I sense my target submitting to my desire. I gaze down at you laid out before me, the realization that we are together finally setting in. 

 I watch as you lock your hungry gaze to me, your fingers working their way into the band of your dress, and tugging it downward. Slowly your beautiful breasts come into view as one nipple peeks out of the sheer black material one by one. You thrash your head to flail your hair out of your gaze and the flowing locks fall gently back down to the sides of your gorgeous face. 

I sit between your legs as I lift my shirt up over my head, the curves of my chest shadowed and flickering in the dim candlelight. I watch in delight as your eyes scan over my body and your tongue runs lightly over the curve of your succulent lips. As I toss the shirt aside my hands run down over my heaving chest, I watch as your eyes follow them, over the bulge of my upper chest, down over my nipples, down my belly and into the waist band of my jeans. 

Swiftly I undo my belt as it gets tossed aside as well. Not being able to resist, your hands reach outward, your fingers wrap and tug into my waistband, fumbling to undo my button and zipper whilst your eyes remain fixed on mine. In a flash they are undone, but my hand covers yours and leads them away, "not yet....." I whisper. You nod at me with a hesitant shake.

Half naked I sit before you on my haunches. I lean forward over your laid out body beneath me. Your legs up on my thighs squirm slightly as my weight falls closer to your body. My hands come down to rest on either side of your shoulders, and my face draws nearer to you. You stare at me, gently biting on your lower lip, closer my head nears to you. And soon, the flashing and glowing neon of the distant Las Vegas Strip is eclipsed by my figure on yours. 

My lips press down into yours as my mouth opens to kiss you in a sensual embrace. Your mouth opens to take my tongue into your mouth. Our tongues mix and dance together hungrily, seductively. My body presses down into yours, my chest grinding and pressing into your heaving breasts, feeling your nipples begin to grow and poke at my own. Our kiss breaks as my tongue snakes down your cheek and your head rolls in delight. 

I kiss my way down your neck, suckling gently on the fleshy spot where your neck meets your shoulder. Further down I then snake, knowing your head is now bent forward to watch my head travel down your body. As my head hovers over your tits, your hands snake under me to cup them together, rolling your nipples gently between your fingers for me as my mouth opens to take one in. 

Hungrily I engulf a breast, my lips plastered around the pert nipple, your body shakes slightly accompanied with a soft sigh of pleasure as my tongue flutters over the erect nub in my mouth. I release it with a trail of saliva stringing down to the nipple as I exchange it for the other one to do the same. I watch in delight as I pleasure the other breast and your fingers knead my saliva into the breast I just left moist. 

After partaking in the feast of breasts that I could have only imagined would be that perfect, I make my way further down your body, trailing my tongue down your belly and over your navel. I watch as your legs part even farther, exposing your panty-less crotch to me for my taking. One leg drifts to come to rest on my shoulder, the other spreads apart and comes to rest at my side. I raise myself up to take a leg into my hands, and you watch as your night of pleasure is officially about to begin.

I grasp your leg by the ankle, running one hands slowly up and down the length of your calf. My mouth opens and you watch as my tongue snakes down your ankle, over your calf, your knee then trailing soft kisses and licks down your inner thigh. Your body begins to shudder, and you begin to whisper soft words, inaudible to me, over and over until I lower your leg back down onto my shoulder, and my kisses trail dangerously close to your pussy. Your body shifts beneath me as you can now feel my breath nearing your sex. My eyes visible from between your legs, your head raises to look down at me, and one look from your glassy eyes tells me to dive in, so I do. 

You watch as my head lowers further, my eyes close, and then the wave of pleasure hits you as my tongue plants itself on your lips. Pressing lightly into it, swirling and circling over your pussy lips. Sliding up and down over your slit, working to part your lips and expose you fully to me. Your hips begin to rock, swaying to the rhythmic caressing of my tongue on you. Soft whimpers billow out of you in time with each pass of my tongue over you as I begin to taste you getting sweeter, I stop and look at your pussy glistening before my eyes, your succulent lips being held apart by your moist fingers, and your sighs and moans, telling me to dive back into it.

I lower my head again after giving you and smile and wink, opening my mouth and planting it firmly on your exposed hole. My tongue ventures out and lathers you all up nicely, swirling circles around your hole, and occasionally poking into it, watching as the brief penetration makes your body wiggle and writhe. 

In and out my tongue fucks you swiftly as your hips begin to rock in time, fucking my mouth back. You start to whimper, whispering things to me to urge me on. I try to listen, and I try to oblige. I place my mouth over your swelling clit, lips pursed around the throbbing rosy nub, and a shriek of delight from your mouth makes me lust for more as two of my fingers snake their way into your hole. 

Twisting and turning as they work their way into you. Moist, wet, slick as they start to fuck you slowly, prodding in and out as your hips fuck them back, gyrating and bucking faster with each thrust and flick of my wrist. My mouth tries desperately to stay locked to your clit as your hips are writhing more and more violently by the second. Your screams more audible, gasping and purring in unison, in pleasurable delight. 

Faster my wrist flicks my fingers into you, thrusting and prodding deeper and deeper with each push forward. Your body is bucking violently now, screaming and moaning in the heat of passion, orgasm mounting, ecstasy overflowing from you. Faster I fuck you, raising my head to spit onto your pulsing clit, and then diving back down to lather the lube into your burning clit. 

Your screams mount faster, faster, louder with each passing second. I lift my head again to trail a stream of saliva down onto your already sopping pussy, my hands slow a bit as I urge you on verbally telling you how good you taste, how fucking good you feel, how hard I am in my jeans watching your pussy drip for me, and how happy I am to finally have you here with me to do this to you. You nod in agreement with your eyes clenched shut, your lower lips being bit tightly trying to muffle your ecstatic cries. I sense you are close, lower my head to you once again.

My mouth opens again as I quicken my finger's assault into your pussy. Clamping down onto your throbbing nub, my mouth closes around your clit, and I being to suckle it into my mouth. My tongue flutters around it and my head begins to shake, sending vibrations of sorts through your sensitive sex. You are closer than ever. Your hands grasp my hair tightly, tugging at me and thrashing my head side to side. They release their grip on my hair to slide up your body and knead your tits together, and then it happens.

Your mouth lays open wide, waves of pleasurable cries spill out into the air as your body shudders, wave after orgasmic wave trembles your body as you flow onto my fingers, cry after cry echoes out as my tongue continue to flutter your shuddering clitoris. My fingers withdraw, dripping wet with your climax and I extend my hand upwards to you as my mouth takes my fingers place. 

Quick yelps as my tongue explores you, delving in and out coaxing out whatever nectars yearn to be released for me. Twisting and fucking into you tasting the sweet reward of hard, lusting work. I moan in delight as more and more juices still flow onto my waiting tongue, and my own cum soaked finger get enveloped in your hungry mouth, your hands grasping my wrist and suckling at my dripping digits to your hungry delight.

I lap the last remains of your orgasm up and watch as your pussy muscles still spasm at the slightest stimulation to them, including my kiss of your succulent pink lips, and a hot breath exhaled onto your pussy as I push myself up, wipe my chin, and slide up your still trembling body. "God Kaylee, you taste just as good as I had dreamed baby..." I whisper as I lay my body next to your trembling figure. 

You smile as your eyes finally open back up to meet mine. You roll on your side to face me, a look of pleasured lust emblazoned on your beautiful face as you gaze at me and smile. Quickly regaining composure you sit up and lift the dress up off your body, exposing the most stunning figure ever laid eyes on. Your breasts falling nicely over your firm stomach, covered slightly by your glowing cascading hair. 

You fall back down on all fours and guide me with your body to lay flat on the bed. Catlike you crawl over me, your legs straddled at the sides of my hips as your breasts hang delicately over my chest, gently dragging each nipple over my chest as you slide further up to hover your face before mine. 
