 Amy threw the door open. "So good to see you!" she exclaimed, and caught him up in a bear hug. "This is Ava!" A beautiful three year old girl, with blonde hair and blue eyes just like her mothers, hid behind her legs shyly. Although Mike and Amy had graduated high school together, they had drifted apart over the years. A few emails and facebook chats had been their only contact, and seeing her in the living room bathed in the glow from the lights of the Christmas tree, Mike realized how much he had missed her. 

Ava shyly fled back to the safety of Monsters Inc. on the DVD player as Mike took off his coat and sat down. Immediately Amy presented him with a huge captain and coke that had to have been over 50 percent rum. "Wow, you know me well," commented Mike.

Amy giggled and sat down on the couch. "She'll be asleep in a few minutes," Amy said quietly, "and then we can talk."

Within a few minutes, the child was asleep, and the two retreated to the back porch to talk. Amy stopped in the kitchen to mix him another ridiculously strong rum and coke, and poured herself another Pinot Grigio. Mike brushed several inches of snow off two chairs, and they sat down and caught up. During a break in the conversation they found each other staring into each other's eyes, and on impulse Mike leaned over and kissed her. She had obviously been waiting for him to do so, and they kissed for a few minutes. 

Reluctantly, he pulled away. "Do you need to check on Ava?"

"No, but we better go inside anyway. We'll freeze to death out here."

"For some reason I'm not cold anymore," he remarked.

She smiled. "Come on." They tiptoed into the living room, where Amy repositioned Ava on the couch. When she finished, Mike took her by the hand and led her into the bedroom. When he began to lead her onto the bed, she whispered "the lock's broken, we'll have to go to the bathroom. Sometimes she wakes up." She led him into the adjoining master bath. The bathroom had a huge garden tub and a carpet floor, big enough to for both of them to lay down on. She turned the lock, laid a towel on the floor, and stepped into his arms. He ran his hands under her shirt and unhooked her bra, then pulled her shirt over her head. "Wow," she giggled. 

She had been feeling his dick through his pants as they had been making out, and now she turned her full attention to it at last. She unbuckled his belt, then pulled the fly open with both hands (Levi's 501 buttonflys, the best in the world.) Mike watched her red-tipped fingers hook into the waistband of his jeans and pull them down. "Oh, my God!" she exclaimed, and looked up at him with her blue eyes. Without taking her eyes off his, she sunk down to her knees and took him into her mouth. Slowly, expertly, she sucked him for as long as he could stand, probably about 30 seconds. Afraid he was going to come in her mouth from excitement, he slid down beside her and kissed her again. He could taste Pinot Grigio and his pre cum in her mouth, which excited him even more.

Mike pushed her onto her back and unzipped her pants. She lifted her hips so he could pull her pants off, then lay back down and looked up at him. She watched expectantly as Mike reached behind his back, grabbed the collar of his shirt, and stripped it over his head in one motion. "Wow, that was so hot!" Tossing the shirt aside indifferently, he stepped out of his jeans and boots and got down between her legs. "You're really sexy," Amy remarked as he kissed her thighs tenderly, then moved slowly to the inside. He lightly flicked his tongue along her lips. Amy sucked in her breath as his tongue slid up to her clitoris, "God, Mike, that's so nice," she gasped. "Make me come..."

He slid a finger inside her. She was so wet! Her scent excited him. She was freshly shaved and her skin was so smooth. Obviously she had prepared for tonight too, he thought as he rubbed his lips against hers, tasting her juices. He began to suck on her clitoris, while slowly running his tongue up and down. Years of experience guided his tongue as she moaned, lifting her legs and running her fingers through his hair as she held the back of his head. As her breathing quickened, he increased the speed and pressure of her tongue, while pressing his finger against the inside of her vagina. "Oh my God, Mike, you are so good at this..."

In what was probably less than two minutes, Mike sensed her impending orgasm. Her hips bucked against his tongue as he licked her. He felt her pussy clenching shut and squeezing rhythmically as she came, almost pushing his finger out of her. He continued licking until finally she pushed him away. "Okay, okay, enough," she gasped.

Mike lay down over top of her, resting on his elbows, his face inches from hers. They stared into each others eyes as she caught her breath. "That was quick!" he remarked.

She blushed. "Doesn't take me long. And you sure know what you're doing..."

Mike kissed her again. She kissed him back briefly, then turned her head, panting. "Let me get my breath!" Finally, after a few seconds, she regained her composure. "That was incredible!" she gasped. "Lisa was a fool to leave that tongue!"

"Oh, yeah? How about this?" Mike lowered himself onto her, his penis pushing against her stomach.

"Mmmmmm hmmmmmm." She reached down and guided him between her legs. With no more foreplay being necessary, he slid into her. She gasped with excitement and pleasure as he went all the way in and out slowly. "Mike, you're so thick!" she gasped. "I had no idea..."

"Oh, stop," he chided.

"I'm serious. You're really big," she went on. "Hasn't anyone ever told you that before?"

"Yeah, sure," he answered as he continued to slide in and out of her. "But I figured that's just what girls say."

"Trust me," she gasped, "it's not. I had to stretch my jaws earlier when I was giving you head. I'm going to have to get used to it." As he continued to slide in and out she continued, almost absently, "hmmmmm, I could definitely get used to this..."

"Here," he interrupted, "get on top." He rolled over onto his back, pulling out of her. She climbed on top and reinserted him, moaning as she took in his length. "Oh, God," she moaned. "You feel so good, Mike..." She ran his hands along his chest and gazed into his eyes. Mike loved the eye contact. Her hair fell into her face as she leaned over him, slowly moving up and down on him. She kept whispering his name.

They went through various positions as they continued. It was ecstasy. After a while Mike began to wonder if he was going to be able to come. Captain Morgan had taken his toll. He pulled out and stood up. "Get on your knees," he commanded, and she immediately did so. She began sucking him again, and the feeling was incredible. "Oh my God, Amy, do you know how long I've been imagining this scene?" he gasped.

She giggled and took his penis out of her mouth long enough to say "as long as I have," then went back to work. Slowly she pushed the head against the roof of her mouth as she took him in and out, all the while stroking him expertly with her hands. He watched her red nails as her hands stroked his shaft, which had always been a huge turn on for him. This was definitely one of the best blowjobs he had ever experienced. After a few minutes he pulled out of her mouth and said, "you've gotta stop before I come in your mouth."

She looked up at him. "I want you to." She looked up at him as she sucked him slowly, then pulled it out again. "Don't you want to come in my mouth?" Her blue eyes looked up at him, seemingly begging him...

"Oh, my God, yes," he gasped. "I've wanted to for twenty years."

She laughed and went back to work. Expertly she sucked him, both hands on his shaft, looking up at him intently. Mike began to imagine she was his servant, on her knees in front of him, her every desire to please him. It was certainly a role she didn't seem to mind...

"Whew!" she interrupted his thoughts. "I've got to take a break!" She laughed and looked up at him. "You're stretching out my mouth."

"Sorry," he apologized.

"No, don't be. This is what I want to do. It's just hard to keep my teeth off you, you're not exactly small."

"You're doing great. Incredible, actually."

She smiled that lovely smile he remembered so much from high school. "Thank you." She leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on the tip of his dick. "Did you know I swallow?"

"No, didn't know that," he answered. "We never really talked about stuff like that."

"Yep, I do." She looked up at him. "Does that surprise you?"

"Yeah, it does a lot," Mike answered. "I mean, we know each other really well, there's no doubt about that. You were just always such a good girl in school..." He trailed off.

"Well, I'm not a good girl anymore," she giggled. "At least not in that respect." Slowly she slid his penis back into her mouth. She continued sucking his dick, staring up at him intently. 

In just a few seconds he began to come, hips thrusting, staring at Amy's lips as he pumped into her mouth. Never stopping, she sucked until he finished coming. He pulled his penis from her mouth. "Wow. That was so good."

"Did you like that?" she asked. 

It was a silly question, thought Mike. What's not to like? "Oh, yeah," was all he could say. He lay down on the towel and watched as Amy stood up and took a drink of her wine, then lay down beside him.

"I'm glad," she smiled. "I liked it too."

They lay there for a while, neither taking their eyes from the other. "Goddamn," Mike sighed, "why did we wait twenty years to do that?"

She shook her head as she looked at him, breasts pushed against his chest, his penis against her thigh. "I have no idea. But I'm not waiting twenty years to do it again..."