 Chapter 2: Dreams Do Come True

As I sit on the end of my bed rubbing a body lotion into my recently shaved legs I am still a little bewildered about the unfolding events of this afternoon. I had just got out of a lilac scented bath. I had relaxed so much that I nearly fell asleep under the spell of the hot water and the smell. I couldn't get the thought of Sam out of my mind I was skipping around the house like a little school girl who was having her first romance. I had dreamt of this day for so long although I never really expected it to ever happen. 

As I had finished applying the lotion to the rest of my body I looked for a sexy nail polish that I was going to use on my toe nails as well as my finger nails, I decided on a bright red called red passion. "How appropriate" I say holding up the little bottle. 

After I had applied the nail polish to both sets of nails and day dreamt while I waited for it to dry I sat at my vanity table in front of my mirror in my bedroom to apply a fine dusting of natural looking makeup to fit the occasion. I blow waved my long blonde hair and then brushed it until it shone like gold then I put it up into a messy pony tail with little wisp coming down around my face. Then I went to my lingerie drawer and rifled through it trying to decide what I wanted to wear under my clothes. I decided on a sexy little set in black which consisted of a very sheer lace bra and a very high cut g-string with a matching lace frill, to finished off the set I added a black garter belt with suspenders attached and some sheer black mid thigh stockings which I attached to the suspenders. Impressed with the look in the mirror I went over to my wardrobe and opened the door to choose my attire for the night. I wanted to choose carefully as I wanted to be very seductive but also comfortable. I selected a black silk shirt and a red skirt which came to about mid thigh lengthwise and had a short split up the back. I finished off the outfit with a pair of black sandals with a small 2 inch heel. 

I sat down again at my vanity and opened my jewelry box to select some earring to wear. I decided on a pair of diamond studs and a matching pendant necklace. To complete the look I added a dab of "Passions" perfume (another appropriate name... don't you think?) behind both of my ears and in between my breasts and also on my wrists and behind my knees. 

I looked at the finished product in my full length mirror, turned a couple of times, nodded confidently and said "If this doesn't do the trick then nothing will!". I look over at the clock beside my bed and inward say to myself it's time to go as I head out of my bedroom door and down the stairs, I enter the kitchen and take the chocolate covered strawberries out the fridge that I had prepared a little earlier, I didn't want to turn up completely empty handed. I grab my handbag of the sofa and head out the back door. I can't take the same exit that Sam had taken earlier in the afternoon, It wouldn't look to appropriate me scaling our French in high heels and a short skirt. I head down the path and walk the short distance to his front door. I take a deep breath as I ring his door bell, nerves have started to set in a little. I hear footsteps coming towards the door and I am speechless when Sam opens his front door. While I was pampering myself at my house Sam had obviously also been busy. He looked magnificent he had been to the barbers and had his hair cut into a nice little spike cut. He to had showered and changed, he was wearing a black pair of dress pants with a multi colored shirt, the contrast with his dark hair and skin looks sensational. I gasped audibly as he swung the door open to greet me. I must have looked like a complete idiot standing there not saying anything and I think I also had my mouth gapping wide open. 

I can tell by the look on his face that he approves of my efforts during the afternoon he does not say a word when he opens the door just stand there with his hand on the door looking at me with a 

look of admiration in his eyes. I humorously clear my throat to bring him out of his daze although I like the attention he is paying me. 

"Oh Mandy I'm sorry for staring... It's just that you look so beautiful... gorgeous in fact" he says rather sheepishly. 

"Please... Please... come in" he say as he hold out his hand to guide me inside. 

"I brought us along some desert" I say as I hand him the tray with the chocolate coated strawberries. 

"Thank you" He say as he leans into me and kisses me on the cheek. 

We look into each other eyes at that moment and I feel a tug as he places his hand around my waist and brings me closer. He brings his nose up to my neck and inhales and tells me how delicious I smell. 

"Would you like a class of wine before we have dinner?" He asks. 

"Oh yes please I would love one" is my response as I watch his tight butt on the way towards the kitchen. 

Once in the kitchen he places the strawberries into the fridge while he takes a bottle of wine out and pours us both a class, he then ushers me into the lounge room where the ambiance of the room is very romantic. There are candle lit in several places around the room and the soft sound of Mariah Carey is playing on the stereo. 

"I want to tell you how beautiful you look tonight Mandy" he says once again quite shyly. 

"Thank you Sam... you don't look so bad yourself" I respond with a tiny quiver in my voice. 

We sat together on the sofa and talked about this and that for a little while until he suddenly got up and went to the kitchen, I followed asking if there was anything I could do to help. His response was "Mmmmm yes you could set the table if you like... all the stuff you need is on the bench over there". 

So I set to work setting the dinning table. It seemed that Sam was quite a romantic, he had aside two silver candle holders with rose scented candles, I placed them in the centre of the table and lit them both. There was also a long thin vase with a single red rose so I placed that in between the two candles. I stood back and looked at my handy work and as I was doing so he came up behind me and put his arms around my waist and says "Looks perfect... doesn't it? Just like you!"

"Mmmmm... yes it certainly does" is all I can say as the feel of his arms around me has me all tied up in knots again. He slowly turns me around to face him and he wipes a wisp of my hair that was attached to an eyelash, He lowers his head a little and was just about to kiss me when something boiling in the kitchen overflowed on the stove and there was a hiss as the water hit the hot element. I groan inwardly and follow him towards the kitchen once more. I helped him prepare the rest of our meal and then we sat down together at the dinning table and ate our delicious meal and talked about anything and everything. I found it quite amazing how well we seemed to get on and how easy it seemed that we could talk about anything. I felt so comfortable with Sam, I felt I had known him my whole life. I was really enjoying our night together. 

We cleared the table and Sam asked me if I would like another glass of wine, I had already had three and was feeling a little tipsy but told him yes I would love another. I went back into the lounge and sat on the sofa while he organized more wine. He returned to me not long after that and sat beside me on the sofa he raised his glass to me and made a toast "To a wonderful night". 

I smile seductively as I looked into his eyes and drank my wine. He took my glass from me and placed both his and mine on the coffee table beside him, he then moved over the sofa so he was a little closer to me and then he looked me in the eye, reached up and held the side of my face and lowered his lips to mine. It started as a soft, tender, lingering kiss but soon turned in an urgent, passionate, hot, searing invasion of my mouth. His tongue was like fire as it mingled and probed mine and then he left my mouth and kissed, licked and nipped my face and neck. 

By now I was breathing a little heavy and was rather turned on I couldn't control myself as I looked into those beautiful blue eyes of his. I stood up from the sofa and slipped my sandal off my feet and then I sat back down with my feet underneath my bottom I pushed him down so he was sort of laying back against the arm rest and leaned forward a little and kissed him with a vengeance I felt him moan into my mouth as my tongue wrestled with his, I slowly brought my hands up to his chest and started to unbutton his shirt when I got to the buttons at the waist of his pants I hungrily pulled his shirt from it and slid it off his shoulders and down his arms and threw it onto the floor.

I sat back on my legs and looked at him then he has a fine dusting of dark hair on his chest and a very tight, toned stomach. I liked what I saw in front of me and I let him know it by licking my lips and reaching out and running my hand up and down his chest and stomach paying particular attention to his nipples which were now standing erect. I gaze down a little on this magnificent body in front of me and notice that he has a definite bulge forming in the crotch of his pants, I raise my eyes to look him in the eye and slowly reach down to run my hand along the bulge which feels hot and hard in my hand. I hear him take in a deep breath and raise his hips as I squeeze his now rock hard bulge and I look up to see he has closed his eyes and the look of pleasure on his face is so sexy. 

I once again sit up a little and reach up to undo his belt buckle I lean forward to kiss his naval and the trail oh hair leading down towards his cock. Then unto the button at the top of his pants and kiss a little further down. By now poor Sam is moaning underneath me so much that I am starting to feel a wetness in my g-string. I lower his zip and my hand enter his pants as I sit up once again. 

I am pleasantly surprise to see that he has neglected to wear any underwear. I slowly start to pull his pants down a little as he raises his butt off the sofa a little to help me with my efforts. I step down off the sofa and undo his shoes and slip them off his feet I then take of his socks and slide his pants down the rest of the way down his legs throwing them with his shirt on the floor. He is now sitting completely naked before me and my mouth is watering as I look at his rock hard cock which is sticking straight up against his stomach. I sit back up onto the sofa and lean up to his face and kiss him strongly once again his arms come up around my back as my right hand goes down to stroke his cock. He gasps into my mouth as my hand squeezes and pulls on his cock which is so hard and seeping a little pre-cum which I rub into the head with my thumb. I disengage my mouth from his and trail my tongue over his cheek towards his left ear, I lick the lobe and then poke my tongue inside and swirl it around, the combination of this and my stroking his cock has him writhing underneath me as I listen to him moaning his approval. 

"Ohhhhh Sam... you have a sensational cock... it feels so good in my hand. I want to feel you cum all over me Sam, I want to watch it spurt all over me". I say as I stroke him a little faster. 

His response is to take me by the shoulders and lift my head up so I am looking him in the eyes and he says "Dammit Mandy... if you keep this up I'll cum everywhere". 

He lifts himself up a little which disengages his cock from my hand. He then stands up and pulls me up with him. 

"I want to see your body Mandy... you're driving me crazy here" he says as he picks me up and carries me towards his bedroom. He carries me over the threshold of his room and places me feet first on the floor in front of his bed, he then leans in closer to me and attaches his lips to mine in a searing kiss. His hands slowly caress my back and wander to the front of my shirt he looks at me and his hands reach for the buttons of my blouse. He unbuttons the first button all the while his eyes never leaving mine. The tension in the room is building to fever pitch and the anticipation is almost unbearable. 

He progresses down my shirt until he has all of the buttons undone he slips his hands into it and slowly slides it off my shoulders and lets it fall to the ground. He stands back and takes in a breathe and says how beautiful I look to him. He then turns me around a little and slides the zipper down on my skirt then slides it down my hips he then helps me to step out of it. He then turns me around again and steps back a little to admire the view before him. 

"Ohhh my god Mandy you are so beautiful" he says to me as his eyes move up and down my body. He steps forward again and takes me in his arms bends down towards my neck and nuzzles there for a brief moment. I run my fingers through his hair as he is doing this and the next thing I am aware of is he has pick me up and roughly thrown me onto the bed. 

"I want you Mandy... I can't stand this anymore I am gonna make love to you like you have never been before". he sat to me as he lays down beside me. 

Well what's a girl to do with an admission like that, the only real option that I had was to pounce on him. I sat up a little and looked him in the eyes as I unhooked my bra at the front and threw it on the floor with the rest of my clothing. I had a sultry look on my face as I straddles his waist and took his face in my hands and lent down to devour his sensual mouth. We kissed like that for what seemed like ages all the while he had his hands underneath my bottom rubbing and fondling it. 

By this stage I must say that I was feeling a little out of control I wanted this man so much and had fantasized about this moment for such a long time, I was torn between wanting him inside me right now and savouring it and really taking this slowly and exploring each other. That decision was abruptly taken out of my hands as Sam rolled me over onto my back and lay down beside me. His hand reached for my breast and stroked it and rubbed my nipple until I was writhing around on the bed in ecstasy. He then lowered his head to my nipple and took it into his mouth swirling his tongue around it and gently biting it.

Ohhhhh god I had died and gone to heaven his mouth was amazing. I had to wonder how it would feel on my now soaking wet pussy. While he alternated from one nipple to the other his hand was making a slow but definite track down my smooth stomach towards my waiting pussy. As he reached to top of my g-string he placed his fingers inside and delved towards my recently shaved mound, as he did this he bite into my nipple quite hard and I arched my back and moan loudly with the sheer pleasure of it. This man was driving me very quickly towards my first orgasm for the night and he hadn't even touched my pussy. 

I spread my legs a little as he moved his hand down towards my dripping centre. I held my breathe and then sighed audibly when his fingers found my pussy lips, he ran his hand all the way down to the bottom of my slit and up to the top again and his next downward stroke he pushed his forefinger between my lips to find my hole, I stiffened up when he found it and bucked my hips a little to try and push his finger in a little more but his hand left me quite abruptly. I looked up at him and watched as he brought his finger to his mouth to taste my juices. He slides his finger into his mouth and sucks it deep and swirls his tongue around it to taste every last morsel of me. 

The look in his eyes as he looks at me is pure passion. he moves around my body with lightning speed, no saying a word he rips my g-string from my body, gently raises my legs up, slides a hand down the middle so now I am lying before him feeling very vulnerable. He reaches out and runs a finger from the top of my slit all the way to my anus all the while licking his lips. He suddenly spreads my pussy lips with one hand and enters a finger inside my pussy leaning down with his mouth and every so gently licking my clit. Oh god I can't tell you how wonderful it felt to have his finger inside of my pussy. By now I am a raving lunatic, I am bucking my hips up from the bed and my hands are holding his face firm on my now dripping pussy. He inserts another finger inside of me and starts to lick a little lower down my pussy lips. 

He speeds up his finger fucking and raises the tips of his fingers so that he has them rubbing on the very sensitive are to the back of my pussy, it is almost as if he know my body more than I do, but I later find out it is because he is ohhhhhh so talented. His tongue now moves back up to my clit and he takes the whole of the little button into his mouth and susks on it. Ohhhhh my... this sends me into orbit I force his face even deeper into my mound and gyrate my hips into his face. He abruptly inserts another finger into my pussy and that is all I can bare. My orgasm is like a freight train hitting me at fast speed, my whole body tenses up and I let out a howl that could break glass. I hold his face to me tightly and fuck his face with such force that I orgasmed again and again. I could feel my cum squirting all over his fingers and he takes them out of my dripping pussy and laps it up like a hungry animal. 

As I slowly cum down from the clouds and looks up at me and asks "Mmmm I would say you definitely enjoyed that Mandy". 

All I could do was grab his arms and drag him on top of me and devour his mouth with mine tasting myself on his tongue. 

He slides off of me and lays down beside me draping an arm over my belly, he pulls me close to him and we snuggle there for a while so that I can come down from this amazing high a little. 

I can feel his still very hard cock pressing into my behind and I reach around and fondle with him a little, sliding my hand up and down his length. As I did this his hand wondered up my belly towards my breasts he fondled with them and then grasped my nipple between his forefinger and thumb and rubbed it and pulled it firmly this in turn aroused me once again and I rolled over so that I am now facing him. I gently push him onto his back and kiss and lick my way down his chest paying particular attention to his nipples. I love to suck on a mans nipples. 

If they react well to it, it is a complete turn on for me. Sam certainly did react very well to it, his cock twitched in my hand and I could feel him getting harder in my hand. I lowered my mouth a licked the pre-cum from the tip of his cock, I then licked the sensitive ridge just underneath the head. I slide my tongue down the underside and then up over the top sliding the head of it into my mouth and sucking hard. Now Sam certainly did like that because he takes hold of my head and gently tries to push more of his cock inside of my mouth but I have other ideas for him and gently pull back so he cannot gain access. I hear him moan in frustration. So I then reach down with my hand and caress his testicles and squeeze them just a little. I lower my mouth to them and take them into my mouth and suck them all over, by now he is feeling the full effects of my oral foreplay. My mouth finds its way back to his engorged cock and I take it into my mouth in one fowl swoop. 

"Ohhhhhhh myyyyyy goddddddddddd Mandyy" is all that I hear as he raises his hips towards now suckling mouth. I relax my throat and take him all the way inside, I swallow a little so that he can get the desired effect from my throat. He starts to gyrate his hip then and gently fucks my mouth. He pushes inwards on my down-stroke and I am fully aroused again by this stage. I am on my knees crouching over his groin and I have my exposed pussy up in the air now and he picks up the lower half of my body and brings it over so that we are in the 69 position. He dives into my soaking pussy with his tongue, he holds my pussy lips open and fucks me forcefully with it. I speed up my actions on his cock as I can feel his testicles harden and his cock twitches in the base of my mouth. I take his cock out of my mouth and tell him "Come for me Baby... I wanna taste your cum". 
