 Forward: This one is actual, folks. It takes place in the summer of 2014. Changed my partner's name for her protection. I know lots of writers on here say their story happened, I can only account for this one, not theirs. Reviews and critiques are welcome, flames will be laughed at. Anyhoo, enjoy! 

This story is dedicated to Hannah. Not that she's happy about that... 

***** 

Chapter 1- A Much-Needed Vacation 

I couldn't begin to tell you how much I was looking forward to this trip. Saying I needed a vacation from my life and from the past few years would be a minor understatement. I'd almost gotten married the previous summer but my bride-to-be had called it off literally a month prior to the blessed event. Devastated, I'd thrown myself into my work, eventually landing a good gig as a server in a local but very popular restaurant. The money was good and I felt like I could begin to stockpile some for a vacation. 

That's when my friend in the Twin Cities, Janie, had suggested that I come visit her and we'd paint the town red for a week. Janie was a dear friend of mine, a lesbian and rather something of a libertine. I asked what she had in mind and she said we could rent a hotel room, get drunk and visit strip clubs. That was all I needed to hear, I was in. 

I worked hard. To do this right was going to cost a good amount of money. We could have stayed at Janie's place on the edge of town, but that meant long commutes into the city center where the best strip clubs were, not to mention the fact that we couldn't remain drunk, since we'd have to drive. So I arranged for a hotel room, down in the middle of the city, a really swank one- I snagged a room with a king-size bed, a great view of the city, a large shower with twin heads and, best of all, a large jacuzzi. Spending six nights there was setting me back a fair penny, but this was what I'd been saving for and I still had plenty of money for strippers and booze and whatnot. 

Janie was every bit as excited as I was and had booked off time from work accordingly. I actually had originally met her through a mutual good friend who had dated her, although things hadn't worked out between them. We were all still close, though, and Sandy didn't at all mind if I went out to see Janie. 

I wasn't sure Sandy need have worried if she'd been the worrying type, though, since Janie was a lesbian. But that's what made this interesting- Janie and I had some level of attraction between us and we liked one another a lot. We liked a lot of the same things and were both big pervs. And we both liked women. It was kind of an unspoken assumption that we would be physically comfortable around one another when we were together. While I was not certain of anything happening, I had packed some precautions in my travel bag, just in case. 

We'd accounted for our free time during my visit by resolving to remain inebriated as much as possible and spoiling one another rotten. I'd promised her massages and the purchase of many chocolate comestibles from Godiva, something we were both looking forward to. I also loaded a duffle bag with alcohol, reasonably certain it wouldn't be searched since I was taking a bus. I'd brought several favourites of mine as well as some selections she was eager to try- Old vine Zinfandel, an eighteen year single malt scotch, Parisian absinthe, cognac and some bottles of potent beer from Quebec. 

When I wasn't working, I was prepping for the trip. This involved ordering some gifts for Janie as sort of a 'thank-you' for having the idea and agreeing to share it with me, since she was one of my favourite people. Like myself, she was a sci-fi nerd and I'd purchased some nifty items to bring with me that I knew she would love- a Vulcan 'Live Long and Prosper' oven mitt, a plush bath robe with Star Trek symbols and ranks on it (Uhura red for her, Kirk gold for me), an Enterprise pizza cutter... 

You get the idea. 

This was not without the occasional mocking and derision, courtesy of my roomies. A husband and wife with two young children, they were not above poking fun at me for my plans. 

"Why are you going to all this trouble?" Hannah asked, smirking. "It's not like you're gonna sleep with any of the strippers and Janie's a lesbian, so she won't want you." 

My response was to simply shrug. I think that's what annoyed her most. Her husband, Les, on the other hand, was at least certain I'd get something, although he couldn't articulate from where. The night before I left, I was sitting in my room, going over my list of stuff to bring. I was even bringing a few suits, in case we went anywhere ritzy. Hannah just casually sauntered into my room, since knocking or announcing one's self is apparently a lost art. 

"Looking forward to your trip?" she asked, watching me check off the list of presents for Janie. I nodded and kept sorting. "Les has this stupid idea in his head that you're going to get it on with Janie, you know." 

"Really?" I replied distractedly. "Hadn't really given that much thought, what with her being a lesbian and all." 

"Yeah, it's stupid," Hannah declared. "And let's face it, even if Janie liked guys, she wouldn't go for you." 

I paused and looked up at her, eyebrow raised. 

"Oh, I'm not saying you're ugly," she said quickly. "I'm just saying that I doubt you're her type, y'know, with the age difference and all." 

There was a significant age gap between Janie and I, since she was in her mid-twenties. Hannah had failed to remember that for a while, Janie dated a woman in her late forties before getting together with our mutual friend, Sandy. Ageism was not really an issue for either of us. 

And the funny part was that Hannah, who was only about two years older than Janie, had tried to date me when we first met and before she married Les. This seemed to have also escaped her memory. Not that I cared. I adored Hannah, but she was more like the bratty kid sister I never wanted than anyone I'd date, because, well, I'd have to kill her. 

"But, Les is determined that you're gonna somehow sleep with her," she continued. "So we made a bet about it. If I win, I get to use the big strap-on and fuck his ass until he can't stand for a week." 

"Poor Les," I mused. "And if you lose for some reason?" 

Her face clouded over. "I have to swallow for a month, as many times as he likes." 

She shivered in revulsion. She had a very strong gag reflex, she could barely let the doctor use a tongue depressor, forget swallow her husband's jizz. 

Hannah eventually left me alone to get ready. She was driving me to the bus station in the early morning. I was reasonably certain I was ready, so I texted Janie, telling her I was looking forward to seeing her the next day. 

"I can't believe we're doing this!" she replied. "So we spend the first night at my place, since it's near the bus station you're arriving at and then the next day we head to the hotel, right?" 

"Correct." 

"Ahhhhhh, are you sure you won't tell me when you got me? I wanna know!" 

"Nope, you'll just have to be patient, darling. It won't kill you." 

"Okay, okay. I'm going to sleep, but that does raise a question for me when you get here- I sleep naked or next to naked, are you gonna be okay with that?" 

"I sleep naked too, so it's no issue for me, babe. I'm sure I'll find a way to keep from being traumatized by the site of a naked lesbian." 

"Glad to hear it. G'night and see you tomorrow. Can't wait. Love you!" 

"Love you too." 

*** 

The trip was some nine to ten hours, since I ended up taking a milk-run bus. I might have caught a quicker bus, but Janie didn't get off work until five anyway and would need time to drive and pick me up. When I wasn't reading a book, I spent most of my time texting or Snapping with friends who would want to know how my week of planned depravity went. Many of them were insanely jealous, but I just told them that hard work paid off and this was my reward. 

It was a sultry evening in Minneapolis when my bus pulled into the station. It was almost six while I was unloading my multiple bags from the vehicle and began scanning around for signs of my partner-in-crime. I finally spied her just beyond the doors and waved. She looked just how I remembered her- medium height, long blonde hair, pretty blue eyes and a trim, fun figure. To be honest, she didn't look anything like a stereotypical lesbian, if one had an image. Janie's face lit up in excitment and she came through the door and dashing over to me, almost tackling me with a ferocious hug. 

"Oof! Good to see you too," I wheezed as I hugged her tight. 

"I'm so glad you're here, I've been a giggly dork all day at work!" she said excitedly, now looking up at me. I noticed she was wearing scented lip-gloss, the very kissable kind and took a chance- as I leaned my head down, she pushed up on her toes and I kissed her. It was a firm and affectionate kiss, nothing sensual, but definitely more than a hello between casual friends. 

The kiss was maybe three seconds and I held her to me. When we broke the liplock, she sighed and smiled. "Oh, thank God you were okay with that, I was worried." 

"I dunno why," I replied, still holding her to me. "I've kissed you before." 

"Yeah, but on the cheek or the top of my head like I'm a kid," she retorted, booping my nose. "I just love kissing and I was hoping you were okay with it." 

"Then let's make a deal," I suggested, still holding her by the waist with one hand but caressing her cheek with the other. "We kiss and say 'I love you' freely this entire week, deal?" 

Her face lit up. "Perfect!" she said eagerly before jamming her lips to mine again for another kiss. She then began helping me cart all my bags to her car. 

"Holy shit, you sure don't travel light," she remarked cheerfully as she struggled to haul the dufflebag. "I thought only divas did the whole million suitcases thing." 

"Normally I'd have a lot less with me," I replied, lifting the suitcase into the backseat of her car. "But one entire bag has all our presents and goodies and the dufflebag you're struggling with has all the alcohol." 

"Jesus," she grunted as she carefully hefted it into her trunk. "We have a serious drinking problem." 

"I prefer the term 'involuntary hobby' myself." I said cheerfully as we managed to get everything inside her car and then loaded ourselves in. Before she buckled up, she threw herself across the seat and hugged me again. 

"I can't believe you're here and we're doing this!" she almost squealed, giving me another kiss. "This is so long overdue! You deserve a vacation! I deserve a vacation! God, I love your hair!" 

The last statement, while random, was nonetheless true- it was well known in our circle of friends that Janie absolutely loved my long, blond Viking hair and had always said she'd marry my hair if marrying hair had been legal. 

Once she was done molesting my mane, we buckled in and I suggested that we make our stops at Godvia and other places before heading to her house. She acquiesed readily and drove us to a nearby mall that had a Godiva chocolatier. Aside from the chocolate-covered strawberries and other fruits I had promised her, we bought gourmet coffee, truffles and substantial bars to nibble on. We then found a store that carried marshmallows and a few pounds of decent chocolate for melting, since she had a small fondue chocolate fountain at home. My arms were quite full by the time we were done shopping. 

"I'm so looking forward to this week," she purred, giving me a hug just outside her car. "We've been planning it for months and now it's really here." 

She reached up and kissed me again and I noticed she'd re-applied the gloss to her lips. She hadn't been kidding about liking to kiss. I couldn't hug her, but I returned the kiss happily. I hadn't really kissed anyone since before my almost-wedding and there's something cathertic about feeling your lips pressed to a pretty girl's. 

We drove back to her place and unloaded the booze and other perishables, along with the bag of gifts. I brought my small suitcase in, since it had my outfit for the following day and my toiletries. We hauled them up to her apartment and went inside, where we dumped everything in the living room. She looked at me for a moment and we automatically hugged again, followed by another kiss. This one was a little lengthier and I held her body tight to mine, but it wasn't quite sensual or erotic. It was long enough for her to hum in contentment, however. I broke the kiss and grinned at her. "Ready to see your goodies?" i asked. 

Janie nodded eagerly and I brought her the bag that had all the loot- she giggled about the Spock oven glove and the pizza cutter, even the vibrating and purring life-size Tribble. She gasped in astonishment at her Uhura robe and dashed off to the bathroom to try it on. While she was gone, I slipped out of my jeans and into my Kirk robe. When she came back out, I grinned widely- the robe was a brilliant red, very plush and fit her snugly. It was also short and fell just past her hips. She looked amazing in it. 

"I love it!" she giggled, doing a twirl. 

"Red is definitely your colour." I remarked, nodding. I'd really knocked it out of the park with this one. I'm a jedi at getting people 'the perfect gift' and I could see in her eyes she was thrilled. 

She'd also reapplied her lip gloss in the bathroom. 

"And you look very fetching in command gold," she replied as she sauntered up to me. "So let your communications officer kiss you as a thank you for the lovely gifts." 

Without hesitation, I pulled her to me and kissed her, even more deeply than before. Her body pressed to mine and we held the kiss for several seconds. She hummed again and we even dared to open our mouths a little, a thrilling wetness on my lips that caused a stir in my boxers that we now pressed to her hips. I caressed her back as we kissed and felt her naked leg next to mine. If we kept this up, I'd have a raging hard-on before long. 

Finally Janie did us both a favour and broke the kiss, sucking in her breath and then sighing. "Good thing my lesbian card is active," she murmured. "God, you're a good kisser for a guy." 

"Didn't know you spent enough time kissing guys to compare." I said, laughing. 

"Not since I was fifteen and had my one and only straight sex experience, which confirmed that I was a lesbian." Janie explained. "Still, you're not supposed to be good enough at kissing to give me the tingles, that's cheating." 

"Should I stop?" 

"Oh, no," she said dismissively. "You're only here for a week, I should enjoy it while I can." 

I pulled her to me and kissed her again. 

*** 

We walked across the street to a pizza place and got ourselves so food, wearing our new robes. I was sad that Janie put on pajama pants for our sojourn outdoors, but it was probably necessary, since her red robe was short enough that you sometimes got a glimpse of her panties. 

"See?" she'd said to me in the apartment, walking back and forth to show that movement exposed her. 

While waiting, I took some Snaps to send back to Hannah and Les, showing Janie and I smiling and leaning our heads into one another. Hannah snapped back that she was happy I'd arrived safely. Not much else to say, seemingly. 

Pizza in hand, we went back to her apartment and sat together on her couch, watching TV, eating pizza and drinking beer. She'd removed the hated pajama bottoms and was cuddled against me now, her thigh touching mine. She ate maybe a third of the pizza and I accounted for the rest. After the beers, I asked her if she wanted to try any of the booze I'd brought. 

"I've never tried an eighteen year Lagavulin before," she mused as we stood in her tiny kitchen. I knew she loved single malts and had brought one of my favourites. "Let's go with that." 

I nodded and uncorked the bottle while she found two tumblers, putting two sizeable cubes of ice in each. She squeezed by me at one point, her butt rubbing up against my crotch through our robes. 

"Sorry..." she snickered. 

I poured us each a dram and we went out to the balcony of her apartment. It was now dark and the warm August night was beautiful. She lit two citronella candles to keep the bugs away, then we clinked glasses and took a sip of our libations. She tasted it thoroughly, seemingly pleased. 

"Y'like it?" I asked, watching her reaction. 

"Love it," she said softly, smiling at me. "It tastes great on my lips." 

I leaned in and kissed her, our bodies moving close and each of us putting our free hand around the other's waist. Her tongue caressed my lips, as if tasting the scotch on them. I felt the stir in my loins again, hoping she wouldn't notice. 

"Mmmmm, I love this scotch and I love you, you know?" she purred, our lips still touching. 

"I love you too," I replied quietly, rubbing my nose gently against hers. "You're one of my favourite Americans, without question." 

She smirked. "Do you like many Americans?" 

I nodded. "Enough that being one of my favourites is not an easy position to attain and keep." 

We kissed again and then she turned and looked out at the moon high above. It was a perfect night and the silvery orb was clearly visible. 

"Beautiful night for a beautiful girl and friend." I mused, standing next to her. She smiled warmly at the compliment and sidled into me, her head on my shoulder. We took a few more sips before she squirmed a little. 

"Is it okay to take off the robe while we're out here?" she asked. "They're a tad warm for summer heat." 

"I don't mind," I replied, shrugging. "I want you to be comfortable, after all." 

"Good," she said, undoing the belt and shrugging off the garment, leaving her standing there in matching purple panties and a bra. Her pale bodies almost glowed in the moonlight. I think my eyes must have widened because she snickered again. "Hey, I'm used to wearing less on my balcony and we decided we'd be comfortable around one another, right?" 

I nodded and removed my own robe, leaving me clad only in my Brutal Legend boxers. She giggled as she saw them, giving the side a pet. 

"Of course you own video game boxers about heavy metal, dork!" she quipped, still stroking the silken fabric before sitting down in one of the long garden chairs and stretching out. I did likewise in the second chair, right next to hers. We drank in silence, holding hands and looking up at the moon while listening to the calls of the night's creatures. 

Maybe half an hour had passed before we'd finished our scotch and we went back inside, feeling pleasantly mellow. We had our arms around one another's waists, skin to skin as we walked. We put the glasses in the sink and then she hugged me close, nuzzling her cheek into my chest. I could feel the soft skin of her stomach pressed to mine and her panties against my boxers. I fought the stirring urge inside them, desperately willing myself not to get hard. 

She pulled me down for a kiss and I responded by lifting her gently off the floor. She murmured in surprise but kept kissing me. I was leaning back against the counter and her knees now caught the edge, helping to brace her as we kissed. My hands moved down her soft body and resting below her butt, cupping the cheeks and holding her in place. Her lips finally left mine and she stared at me, her pupils a little dilated from beer and scotch, no doubt. 

"You're so amazing," she whispered, cupping my cheek. "This is going to be the most awesome week and I have you to thank for it." 

"I've been thinking the same thing about you, in fact," I replied. "I can't think of anyone I'd rather be doing this with." 
