 Kate moaned as she kicked off her shoes, relishing the feel of being able to wiggle her poor aching toes she'd had crammed into the pointy toes of her stilettos. Glancing around the bar, seeing everyone chatting and laughing, she didn't imagine anyone would notice. After hours of lecturing on her feet, she needed to get out of her heels, no matter how sexy they made her long, toned legs look. 

Then, brushing her long, dark hair over her shoulder, before she could even open her mouth and order the cool glass of white wine she'd been craving, the bartender set down a coaster and of all things, a tall icy Pina Colada, complete with a temptingly juicy pineapple wedge sitting on the lip of the frosty glass, just begging for her to have a taste. 

Curiously wrinkling her brow at where it could have come from, before she could even ask, he was pointing her to a familiar face. His lips curling up in that sexy smirk that always had the power to make her swoon. Just a few stools away, there he was - the biggest mistake of her life, as well as her biggest heartache. But it couldn't really be him, could it? Jake was supposed to be out of her life, happily living in L.A., with his skank of the week, and not sitting in her favorite watering hole in New York, dangerously messing with her pulse from just a few feet away. 

As he got off his stool and slid his gorgeous ass down right next to hers, she suspiciously narrowed her eyes and asked, "What are you doing here, Jake?" 

With a shrug of his shoulders and a long slow once over that she swore she could feel to the marrow of her bones, still flashing that insanely sexy grin, he said, "Guess I just couldn't stay away, Kate." 

Unable to resist the tall frosty drink sitting right in front of her for another second, giving into temptation, she took a sip from the straw, relishing the cool sweet taste as it slid down her throat. Finally turning her head, she murmured, "Then perhaps you could have tried a little harder." 

Chuckling, he leaned close, touched his lips to her cheek, and whispered into her ear, "C'mon, you know you love me." 

Choking on her next sip, fighting to catch her breath, her eyes flying open wide, she turned on him and blurted, "Love you? Are you out of your ever lovin' mind? All we ever had between us was lust. And I think we can both agree on that. At least until managed to kill that, too." 

Barely wincing at that, blue eyes still merrily twinkling with amusement, dark sexy five o'clock shadow making him look hotter than any man had a right to look, Kate knew she was right. Despite the fact she'd wanted him with a passion hot enough to burn her alive from the moment she'd first set eyes on him, it wasn't enough, not with how she couldn't trust him any further than she could throw him. And perhaps they were simply destined to fail - no matter how wild the chemistry they shared. 

Totally ignoring what she said, reaching out and running a finger a long her jaw, Jake asked, "Miss me?" Smiling, as he watched her shiver at his touch, just like she always did. 

Cocking an eyebrow, turning to fully face him, Kate had to admit, she'd never seen a better looking man in her lifer. All that thick sandy-brown hair, carelessly tussled just the way she liked it, full hot, sexy mouth, that she'd always loved to savor, twisted into the wickedest grin in the world, that somehow made his eyes shine like sapphires - no matter how her heart raced at the sight of him, she knew she was better off without him. Away more than he was home, she'd never been able to trust him, and the sexy pics she'd found on his phone that time he'd forgotten it at home, had been the last straw. 

No matter how great they were together at their best, she could never overlook his cheating. Which made her wonder why he was even here - surely, he could have any woman he wanted, so why was he still bothering with her? 

But before she could even ask him, she felt a tap on her left shoulder and turning her head she had to fight not to groan. "Andrew," she said, forcing a smile. "You're early." 

Dropping a feather light kiss on her cheek, he said, "Thought we could grab some dinner before the opera, try that new sushi place I mentioned to you." 

"Opera?" Jake muttered, pulling a face. "You can't be serious with this guy." 

Turning back to him, Kate said in a low hiss, "Please just go away, Jake. Can't you see I've moved on?" 

"Yeah, but with this guy?" he asked, eyeing his butt ugly brown tweed suit, and even uglier brown shoes with a shudder. And sniffing the air, he was sure he could detect the smell mothballs coming off him, which last time he checked was not exactly an aphrodisiac. 

Finally Andrew looked over at Jake, waiting expectantly. Drawing in a breath, knowing she had no choice but to make the introductions, Kate said, "Andrew Cooper, this is Jake Travers. Jake, this is Andrew, my fiancé." 

Cordially nodding his head, Jake extended his hand. "Well, this is awkward, seeing as I'm her husband." 

Andrews surprised gaze instantly shot to Kate. "Your husband? Kate, I thought you told me you were divorced." 

"I am," she said, turning and shooting daggers at Jake. "I signed the paperwork over six months ago when I walked out on his sorry cheating ass." 

"Funny story," Jake said smiling, as he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a manila envelope, "seems there was some kind of legal snafu, and we're still married, sweetheart." 

"What the fuck?" Kate said before she could even stop herself. Her eyes the size of saucers, she mumbled dazedly, "You have got to be shitting me." 

Gently patting her hand, Jake said, "Believe me, I was as surprised as you when I found out. So, looks like we'll need some time to sort this out." Jake smiled up at the man staring down at him open mouthed, looking like a gold fish all wide-eyed, his mouth poised in a perfect startled circle. "Sorry, pal, but seeing as she's still my wife, I'm going to have to ask you to back off - engagement's over." 

Andrew momentarily forgotten, staring straight ahead, Kate muttered, "I can't believe this. How could I still be married to you? It's just not possible. I know I signed the papers. So legally we should be done." 

Jake tossed the paperwork on the bar. "Don't believe me, look for yourself. Seems the papers were never filed, and now we'll have to start the process all over again, providing of course, it's still what you want." 

Turning and narrowing her eyes on him, Kate said, "Just show me where to sign to get this done." 

Chuckling, and shaking his head, Jake called out, "Bye Andrew, nice to meet you," as he watched the other man walk straight out of the bar and onto the street without looking back. Then turning back to face her, Jake asked, "Were you seriously going to marry a guy that looks about as lively as a dead roach?" 

Sitting straighter in her seat, holding her head high, she said, "I'll have you know he has to be the most brilliant man I've ever met." 

Leaning close, Jake breathed into her ear, "That may be, but can he make you come so hard you scream - all night long?" 

Swallowing hard at the image that evoked, Kate said, "As a matter of fact, Andrew and I decided we'd wait until after we were married to uh..." 

"Get it on? Are you kidding me? Fuck, then the guy probably couldn't get it up even with the help of a crane. Not that I'm not delighted to hear you weren't doing the nasty with that guy, what I can't understand is how the hell could he resist you, Kate. You have to be the hottest looking woman I've ever seen, and if he was willing to wait, I hate to tell you, but I've gotta feeling he wanted to nail it down before you discovered that he has some problems in the dick department." 

Then he held up a finger and curled it down like a flaccid penis, making her roll her eyes and mutter, "I promise you, Andrew has no problems in that area?" 

"If you say so. So, you're saying he was just into oral, then?" 

Gasping she said, "Jake, don't be so crude, of course not." 

"Oh, anal then, too, huh? Okay, I get the picture, a lot of action with a dildo and lube, but not much else." 

Finally, trying not laugh at his ridiculous attempt at humoring her, reaching for her phone, Kate said, "I have to call Andrew to try and explain. He must be upset." 

With a shrug, Jake muttered, "Didn't seem like it to me. Guy looked like he couldn't wait to get out of here. Maybe didn't want it spread around that the woman he was planning to marry is still married to someone else." 

Glaring at the smug look on his face, she said, "Believe me, Jake, we won't be married for much longer, at least not if I have my way." 

Slowly running his hand up and down her back, Jake leaned in close and murmured, "Well, I don't mind telling you, I've sure missed you. And damn you're looking good, baby." 

Rolling her eyes, Kate knew she had to try and ignore the way his touch was making her feel, like liquid heat spreading a delectable trail across every cell in her body. Making her wonder how just the heat of his hand on her back was enough to get her palms sweating - which was so not good. Shouldn't she have been immune to him by now? Finally heaving a weary breath, she said, "Okay, Jake, how about you tell me what I need to do to finally make this divorce happen?" 

Leaning close enough to press his lips to the corner of her mouth, for a teasing little kiss, he said, "You give me two weeks as my wife, and I promise, you still want a divorce, and I'll see that you get one." 

Her eyes flying open she said, "Two weeks? You really are crazy. After what you put me through why would I ever give you another minute to do that to me again, never mind two whole weeks." 

Reaching for her hand and giving it a squeeze, he said, "I need the time to prove you were wrong about me. I swear on my life I never cheated on you, Kate. I don't know who sent those nudie pictures to my phone that you saw, but I promise, it's no one I know. And I've never seen that woman before." 

Narrowing her eyes on him, Kate said, "So you've said. But I still don't know why I should believe you. You were never home, Jake. Do you have any idea how many nights I spent alone in our bed wondering where you were and with who?" 

Heaving a sigh, he said, "We've been over this. I was working - buying up land to open up bars in L.A., New Orleans and that first place I opened in Chicago, and now here in New York. You know I've been trying to grow my brand. And I'm happy to say it's finally paying off, so I've been able to hire more people, and I don't have to do it all myself. And I've got my newest location opening here this weekend and I'd love it if you'd come." 

Glancing down at their joined hands, Kate's gaze landed on the ring on his ring finger. And before she could think, she said, "I can't believe you're still wearing your wedding ring." 

Nodding he said, "I've never taken it off. I married you for life, Kate. Now all I'm asking is that you give me one more chance to prove it." 

The little piece of her heart that had never stopped loving him wanted so much to believe him, and she had to admit, he did look sincere. His gaze locked beseechingly on hers, she just hated to think this was some kind of game for him. Still, if she got the divorce she wanted, she'd finally be free of him. And after what she'd been through, of course she wouldn't allow herself to get tangled up with him again. 

But then damn, out of nowhere, he cupped the back of her head, and took her mouth in the hottest kiss of her life and her resolve seemed to melt in the heat of their passion. 

Finally, pulling back, after what felt like forever, her legs all wobbly and her heart beating hard enough she could feel it beating in her ears, Jake sounded like he was telling her from a distance, "Please, Kate, just give us two more weeks, and I promise you won't regret it." 

Her fuzzy mind floating back in time - recalling how they'd met at a birthday bash for her best friend Jen, Jake had been tending bar, and when he saw her, grinning that sexy grin, eyes teasingly sparkling, he said, "I'd say you look like you're a Pina Colada kind of girl." And for the rest of the night, he'd plied her with one sweet, tall frosty drink after another, and no big surprise she'd wound up in his bed, loving every minute of it from the moment they'd hooked up, it had just been so perfect with him. And since they'd split up, she'd never had another Pina Colada. That was, until tonight, since couldn't even look at one, without thinking of him. And on their perfect honeymoon in warm, sunny Hawaii, Jake had insisted on making her a giant one with local pineapple that they'd shared, just to remind her how they'd met. 

Of course as impetuous as he was, they'd only been dating a few months when he got down on one knee on a romantic carriage ride in Central Park and asked her to marry him. And she'd impulsively said yes, unable to imagine her life without him. But not long after they'd tied the knot, he'd started working late into the night, and they'd gradually drifted apart. And then of course there were those nude pictures that had finally ended it. 

But then again, if she agreed to this, she'd finally be free of him and be able to get her life back, so it might be worth the risk. So, she finally nodded and said, "Fine. Two weeks, then I want the divorce you agreed to." 

"Done," he said, cupping her face in his hands and giving her a smacking kiss on the lips. Wanting to throw his hand in the air for a fist pump, Jake couldn't believe he'd been granted a reprieve. Because since she'd walked out on him, he'd barely been living, and of course pretty much non-stop kicking himself for neglecting her as badly as he had. 

Glancing down at her bare feet, he told her, "Get your shoes on, baby. We're going home." 

Despite his time away, working on his business, since he'd never given up his condo, Jake smiled into her eyes as he unlocked the front door to their old place. She'd left him such a hurry that a lot of her things were still in the closet, so she'd have something to change into once she got out of her sexy black dress, unless of course she just wanted her clothes off, which he was a big fan of - seeing her naked again. Never really accepting the fact it was over, Jake could barely wrap his head around the fact that his Kate was finally coming home to him - just like he'd dreamed of. 

Once he got her inside, after impatiently kicking the door closed, he pulled her into his arms, pinning her arms over her head and lowering his head, he made slow, sweet love to her mouth. His cock aching to get inside her, it had been so damn long, and although he couldn't get enough of her mouth, he didn't know how long he'd last if they kept this up. 

Finally pulling back, both of them panting, reaching around her, he tugged at her zipper, smiling into her eyes as her silky black dress fell away. His eyes landing on the insanely sexy sight of her in her overflowing black lace bra and hip hugging thong, that barely covered the shaved triangle of her sex, he could hardly believe he was going to have her again. And fuck, he needed her, like he needed to breathe. 

Wasting no time in lifting her leg and wrapping it around his hip he ground his cock against the damp heat of her pussy, groaning at the welcomingly familiar feel of her body in his arms as he savored her mouth. But as incredible as it felt, it wasn't nearly enough. He needed them naked and he needed to get inside her - right where he belonged - buried good and deep. 

Picking her up and carrying her over to the couch, looking down at his stunningly beautiful wife on her back, in nothing but the sexiest wisps of black lace, his cock nearly screaming to get at her, Jake murmured, "Damn, you're gorgeous, Kate. And now I can hardly believe you're really here." 

Reaching for him, already pressing his cock between her thighs, as she ran her hands through his hair, Kate whispered over his mouth as he slid the weight of his body over hers, "Too bad, this is as far as it's going to get, huh? But if you remember, I agreed to give us two more weeks, but I never agreed to sex." 

His eyes flying open wide, getting up on his hands, glaring down at her, Jake growled, "Are you fucking kidding me, Kate? I've been going through the biggest dry spell of my life, just waiting for you to come back to me, and you think I'm going to be happy with just a good night kiss?" 

Smiling slyly as she slid out from beneath him, finally standing looking down at him, she said, "Firstly, I find the thought of you holding back all this time too ridiculous to be believed, and secondly, if you hadn't messed with those papers, we'd be divorced by now, so this -"she pointed back and forth at them, "—is never going to happen again. So, you'd better get used to the idea of us living sex free for two long weeks, buddy boy, at least while I'm here." 

Watching him blink his eyes in disbelief, she asked, "So, you want the couch or the bed?" 

Deciding two could play at this game Jake stood up and stripped off his clothes. Doing his best not to smile as she hungrily licked her lips at the sight of his cock standing hard and proud and achingly erect - still throbbing for her. Giving it a few hard strokes, just to keep her eyes where he wanted them, he said, "Since you asked, I'll take the bed, sweetheart. I'm sure you know where the linens are to make up the couch." Then just before he walked into their old bedroom, looking over his shoulder, grinning at the fact her eyes were riveted to his tight, toned ass he said, wiggling his eyebrows, "But just in case you change your mind, I'll probably be hard for hours. So, feel free to join me." 

Swallowing past the lump in her throat, Kate nodded, and heard herself mutter, "Sure," although she wasn't really sure of anything anymore, especially after seeing him like that - so long and hard and so fucking tempting. 

And once he disappeared into the bedroom, she wondered why the hell she'd ever agreed to this ridiculous set up. Damn, she'd gone without sex for six months herself. And just the sight of him naked and hard was enough to get her so damn wet, she wondered if she'd make embarrassing squishy sounds when she walked. And now the victory she'd been patting herself on the back over, felt pretty hollow. So, maybe she wasn't as immune to him as she'd thought. Because fuck her mouth was watering, and damn she wanted him bad. 

So, deciding no harm in adding a little more temptation to the mix, Kate strode into the bedroom, and seeing him on his back, hands behind his head, the picture of serenity only belied by the fact that his thick cock was standing straight as a flag pole and nearly as long, she said, "Hope you don't mind if I get a shower." Then standing at the cupboard, she slowly slid her bra straps off her shoulders, then reaching behind to unclip it, she smiled as he sucked in an audible breath as she held it out and let it drop to the floor, freeing her ample breasts. Her fingers on her hips, she tugged down her thong, feeling a renewed sense of victory as he quietly muttered, "Fuck me," as she pushed the lacy scrap down over lush ass, her toned thighs and finally past her feet, letting him have a peek at her juicy pussy and round pale bare bottom as she bent to retrieve them. Smiling over his shoulder, she shrugged. "Figured it's nothing you haven't seen before. I'll try to be quiet while I while sponge myself off, just in case you're tired and want to get to sleep." 

But then she saw him reach for his cock again, cutting short her little victory dance as he began to stroke all that long hard meat again, making her mouth water even more. Mindlessly tugging her nipples between her fingers, she murmured, "Guess it'll be a long night for both of us, huh?" 
