 Twice the Taboo, Twice the Appeal

If you are looking for a story that's all sex, this story is not for you. This story has a large storyline behind it because it is based on a true story, so only read it if you want sex and a story. Either that or just skip to the end. Please send feedback or leave comments. I'd like to know what you think. Also, I'm considering writing another on Mike's relationship to Vicky so if you wish to read one, tell me. Enjoy.

******************************

He'd never really noticed her before. He'd only had eyes for Vicky. At the party where they'd first met, Mike had noticed the first of the three that had walked in. They walked in, and that made them special cause they were the only chicks there. And when the first one walked in, it meant she was the only one. Because she was the first.

It didn't matter that she had been going out with a person he'd been going to school with for four years. A person he'd just begun to get along with. And at this point he didn't even know. Michael Connolly had seen her first, and could only see her. He would have her.

Mike was, at this stage in his life, a fairly shy sort of guy. He hadn't been out with a girl yet (unless you counted Maria, a girl he kiss twice in grade six) which made it understandable that he be a virgin. It wasn't that he wasn't attractive. He was. He was slightly taller than the average man, with dark curly hair, broad shoulders and what many people had told him was the greatest smile they'd seen. Of course, like every man, Mike had flaws. He had hit puberty early and was slightly hairier than most, he had a slight gut on him from lack of exercise and too much milo, and Mike fell easily.

But this is not the story of Mike's first time. The abbreviated version: He did end up hooking her. He lost his virginity after three weeks, their relationship was blissful for three months, and then it hit the rocks. Another guy came in and trouble brewed. He began to dislike her for her stupidity. She began to dislike him for his jealousy. She would get injured in a car crash, the guy as the driver. And then she would ask for Mike. Mike supported her through her recovery, but he could not love her again.

He would not love her again. She had caused him too much pain. His heart was closed. It was hard for him. She would be lying in the hospital bed, helpless, unable to move. She would look up at him and tell him thank you. I love you Mike. He did the only thing a decent man could to help her. He lied. I love you too Vicky. It was hard. He began to seek help from those around him. But at specific times, you need different people.

Mike's friends tried, but they didn't help. His family didn't know half the shit that had happened. He couldn't talk to them. And so he talked to the only people that could help. The other two. There had been three that walked into the party. Vicky and her two best friends. And he hadn't needed them til now. Sure, he knew them, he liked them. But they were nothing more than friends of his partner. Until now. Now they became friends.

I suppose now seems like as good a time as any to give you descriptions. Vicky was the shortest of the three. She had long, died blonde hair that fell to the small of her back. She had a graceful face, thin eyebrows, and the smallest, most adorable nose you've ever seen. Her body was not lean, but she was in good shape and her breasts were of a reasonable size. She had a strong and vibrant personality, very fun loving and always out for a good time.

Kay was short as well, only slightly taller than Vicky was. She had blonde hair that fell just below her shoulders. She had a slightly stocky body, with smallish breasts, and her ass was barely visible. She had a face that most considered extremely pretty, but Mike felt had no appeal. She had a slightly pointy nose, thin eyebrows, bright red cheeks and thin lips. Kay was more serious than Vicky was, and although she enjoyed a good time too, she was less vocal about them. Funnily enough, while Vicky seemed to have more fun than Kay, Kay was the one that smoked weed.

Summer was third in the trio. Around 5'7, she was the tallest in the group with brown wavy hair than fell below her shoulders. She had a thin body, with small breasts, soft hands and skin, and a constant smile. She had blue eyes, slightly puffy cheeks and some of the biggest lips you've seen. Summer was always happy and smiling. She was the 'good girl' of the group, innocent and pure.

While Mike had gone out with Vicky, his best friend Dan had gone after Summer with a vengeance. He had made her fall in love with him, but she had issues with going out with him because of her image. Dan was overweight and she wasn't ready to be seen with him. They were all image conscious. It may have been shallow, but mostly it was naivete. 

Dan and Summer. They went out. Broke up. Went out. Broke up. It happened again and again. And Dan's was sick of it. He loved her. He'd taken her virginity and lost his with this girl. He loved her. One more chance. It had lasted two weeks. Two glorious weeks until another friend of Dan's (who Mike despised) told one lie. Which reeked havoc. Broken hearts, friendships and trusts. It was over.

Around the time Summer and Dan broke up, Mike began needing Kay and Summer's friendship. Every night, over the phone, Mike would talk to one of them (or both) about something, anything. He had just needed a friend. Mostly it was Summer he'd talked to. She was a good listener. A soft voice, sympathetic soul. He'd tell Summer his problems and she'd tell him hers. The more they knew about each other, the more relaxed they got. Mourning turned to smiles, smiles turned to laughter, and laughter turned to friendship. He'd never noticed her before. But he noticed her now.

A friendship that began to develop a flirting nature. 'So what would you rate me out of ten?' Mike asked her.

'No. I'm not doing it.' Summer replied.

'Come on, you said I was attractive...'

'Yeh but you know you are...'

'What's the difference? Just pick a number.'

'Okay okay... umm... eight.' She said.

'Eight? That's harsh considering I was gonna give you an 8 and a half. I only gave Vicky a seven.' And so it went on. Oftentimes, Mike would swing the conversation to how they felt about each other.

'I don't know if I want to tell you. It's embarrassing and stupid.' He said.

'Come on. Tell me. Please.'

'Well... I like you, Summer. And its not right cause your Vicky's best friend, and you went out with Dan... but I can't help it.'

'What if it was the same way here?' She replied.

They had an understanding. He liked her. She liked him. But it couldn't happen. And it killed him. The flirting stopped. Mike's feelings didn't.

A few months later was the school formal. Mike was taking Vicky (who was recently out of her cast from the accident) and Dan was taking Summer. Summer had wanted to go with Mike because Dan and her weren't the best of friends and she enjoyed Mike's company more. She couldn't. Not only would it kill Dan and Mike's friendship, but also it'd break Vicky's heart. Mike still didn't understand why he and Summer couldn't just go out. Society's opinion sucked.

Mike had an awesome time at the formal. He barely saw Summer the whole night, and he spent the majority of it on the dance floor, showing off what few and terrible moves he had. Mike knew he couldn't dance, but he enjoyed making a fool out of himself. The girls loved it (probably only because he was attractive), the guys loved it because he was making them look good, and Vicky loved it because she thought he was having a good time because he was with her.

The formal ended to Mike disappointment, but he still had the post to go to. His mom drove them home, where they changed into party gear and then they caught a cab to the post. The moment they got in Mike dropped in a chair off in a corner and stayed there. A group of about twenty joined him. He was enjoying himself, drinking vodka, listening to music and tuning a particular girl who he'd been dancing with at the formal. Then Vicky found him. She sat on his lap and looked at him. She sat there, sad, dejected. Then she lay on him, saying she was exhausted. Hours went by, people dispersed.

Finally Mike spoke up. 'Are you sad for the reason I think you are?'

'I think you know the answer to that.'

'I'm sorry, but I don't love you any more Vicky.'

The talk escalated, words were said, and Mike angrily walked her up the long hill where her mom waited to pick her up. She hopped in and left. As Mike stomped back down to the party he realised what a shit time he'd had because of Vicky. This was his only post formal party ever! He was gonna have a good time. 'Let the party begin!' He shouted and grabbed the nearest Smirnoff.

That plan backfired when he ran out of drinks. He sat with a few people and talked. 'Hey, have you guys seen Kay!' Someone shouted over the music.

'Summer! I haven't seen you all night!' Mike shouted up at her from her seat. He had waited long enough. He would have her tonight!

'Mike!' She straddled his lap facing him and began talking. He could smell the alcohol on her breath. Someone had told him before that she was off her face. She wasn't acting like it but he knew they were right. Mike had morals. Taking advantage of a drunk chick, even one he knew liked him, would not sit well with those morals. Nothing would happen tonight.

Summer began to look sleepy, her eyes drooped and she leaned in close to his ear. 'Did you have a good time at the post?' she asked him, barely listening.

'Not really...' he replied, thinking she wouldn't hear.

'What!' she said, sitting up. 'Why not!?' she said indignantly, as if demanding he have a good time. Her eyes were drooped in a drunken stupor.

'Vicky was being a bummer. Won't get over me...'

'Vicky...' Summer replied. 'Where is Vicky, Mike?' She asked once again putting her head on his shoulder.

'She left.' He said. She sat up again and seemed to contemplate this.

'Oh...' she paused again. 'Good.' Mike was shocked to feel her full lips on his, her tongue probing, trying to enter his mouth, explore him. Mike didn't know what to do. She was drunk... but he had wanted this for so long. He would stop it.

He forced her away from him. 'Stop it, Summer. You're drunk.'

'I know what I'm doing...' she said and she began to kiss and lick his neck.

'You may know what your doing, but you're still drunk.'

'I don't care...' she said, going for his lips again.

'Dan might see us. Stop this...' He stopped her again... But his will was fading. He had had alcohol after all. He coudln't be blamed...

'I don't care about Dan.' She replied, kissing his cheek and grinding herself on his now hard crotch. 'I want you. I want you Mike. I want you to have me.' Mike's mouth opened in shock and Summer pounced on it, her tongue encircling his. He began to kiss back. His hips began to move against her grinding hips.

'No! Summer, stop it now!' He said, holding her in front of him. 

'Okay. But just let me stay here like this...' she said, resting her head on his right shoulder and gently kissing his neck. Mike still felt guilty about this but he'd rather that than have her trying to fuck him on the chair. He didn't know how much more he'd be able to resist. He wished he'd been more drunk. Then he could've done it without thinking. Fucking Vicky! Every so often Summer's kisses would get stronger, and she'd latch on, attempting to give him a hickey. He'd moan slightly, and she'd once again try to get him to react but he had control now.

'Dude, we gotta go.' Dan said, tapping him on the shoulder. Mike and Summer were staying at Dan's. All of a sudden, Summer leaned to the side and started puking her guts out. They both helped pull her hair back.

'How much did she have to drink?' Mike asked Dan.

'A shitload... she wouldn't have a clue what she's doing?' Dan replied.

'Yeh, well I gotta tell you man. She tried to hook in with me.' Mike said. He couldn't lie to his friend.

'What? That's just fucking great!' He shouted. He was livid. 'There go my two best friends!'

'Man, relax. I stopped her!' he replied, wondering what the big deal was.

'I don't care man.' He said, his face beat red and more furious than Mike had ever seen him.

'Right.' Mike said, pissed off his best friend would shaft him after he did the right thing. 'I'll catch a cab home then.'

'Fuck off you will. You'll sleep at mine like we planned. Then we don't have to speak to each other again.'

They carried her up the hill together, and put her in the cab. When they got to Dan's they carried her upstairs and put her on Dan's bed. Then they both sat up and waited. 'We gotta watch her. I'll go first.' Dan said.

'No, I'll go first mate. I'll wake you in an hour.' Mike replied.

'I can't sleep anyway.' And that was it. They sat there. In silence. Not a word between them. Anger boiled in Mike's mind. He didn't know what Dan's problem was. He'd done the right thing. He could've taken Summer into the bushes and fucked her brains out if he wanted to. But Dan was acting like a child. Dan had told him the week before that he didn't like Summer anymore. He clearly lied. As he sat there, his eyes began to droop. He resigned that he couldn't stay awake.

As he lay down next to a passed out Summer he told Dan to wake him up in an hour.

************************************

Mike woke the next morning, exhausted, and he realised Summer had her arm laid across him. He panicked and checked for clothing. He was still dressed. His jeans were still on, so was his shirt, and his socks. Nothing had happened.

Dan walked in with two glasses of water and placed them on the table. 'Look man...' Mike said.

'I don't wanna talk about it. I'm getting some sleep. She's okay now, but watch her.' He said, and he closed the door.

Mike sighed. He knew they would never be the same. Their friendship had changed. Mike jumped a little as he felt a hand fumbling with his belt. Summer had her eyes open, and she was smiling a mischievous grin.

'Summer. Stop it. You're still drunk and he's in the next room.' She flicked his hand away and continued undoing his belt. 

'I'm not drunk...'

'Seriously, stop it Summer...' he said after three attempts to stop her.

'Just let me play with it for a while.' She said, and she flicked his hand away again. Then, looking at his face to see if she'd won, she slowly lowered her hand to his crotch. He watched her small hand fumbling with the belt, with the buttons on his jeans. His pants opened and her hand snuck beneath his boxer shorts to run a finger up the length of his now engorged cock.

Mike gasped as she touched his cock for the first time, lightly running her finger along the length and back. He reasoned with himself. She didn't seem drunk. She'd had time to recover. Dan would probably never forgive him, whether he did this or not. She was beautiful and he had wanted her for months. She wanted it... so why fight it?

He watched as she lifted the covers off his body and below his crotch. She began to pull his boxers down so she could see. Mike moved her hand away from his cock. Then he lifted his hips and pushed his jeans and boxers beneath his crotch. Summer smiled slightly as he admitted defeat and resigned to her attentions. He moaned slightly as she wrapped her fingers around his shaft and gently pulled backed the foreskin to reveal his purple head. She gripped the shaft slightly harder and pushed the foreskin forward again, forcing precum to escape his penis and run over her thumb.

Releasing his cock, she raised the precum to her lips and licked it slowly off, watching Mike stare at her in lust and excitement. Then she moved over and put her weight on the left-hand side of his body, slowly leaning towards him. Their lips touched slightly, and she retreated. Then she returned her lips to his slightly harder and moved back again. On the third time Mike kissed back, exploring her mouth with his tongue as she moaned her pleasure to him. He moved to roll over but she pushed him back. She lay next to him and once again wrapped her soft fingers around his throbbing cock.

Mike heard footsteps on the wooden floors outside and the doorknob turned. He pushed Summer's hand away quickly and pulled the covers over himself just in time. Dan walked in with some toast and placed it on the table. 'Fucking mum woke me up to cook this shit for you.' He grumbled and walked out.

Slowly, Mike relaxed and lay down. Summer's hand stroked his clothed chest and slowly made its way southward as he succumbed to her seduction. Her hand grabbed his meat for the third time, caressing it, rubbing the now free flowing precum over the head and massaging it slowly. Mike moaned softly, and he felt the urge to pleasure her as well. His hand made it's way to her crotch and he attempted to slide his hand under her jeans. Because of the awkward angle his arm needed to bend he couldn't reach her pussy lips. So he resigned to stroking her stomach slightly and running his hand through her trimmed pubes.

He watched as she reached down and undid her jeans, kicking them off under the covers. Then slowly she rotated her body so she was on her hands and knees under the covers, her small, beautiful ass facing him. She was wearing a purple thong and he could see her glistening pussy lips poking out the side. He reached out and ran a finger along the lips lightly, and he was rewarded with a shudder. Encouraged, he pushed the material to the side and inserted two fingers into her dripping snatch.

He could feel the tightness of her pussy walls as his fingers invaded her cunt. She was wetter than Vicky had ever been, and a hell of a lot tighter. He took some of Vicky's advice: 'Women don't actually enjoy having men finger them. Just play with the clit.' And so he did. He placed a finger on one side of her clit and slowly rolled it over to the other side. Summer moaned her approval and she began to slowly stroke his cock. He slowly increased his pace on her clit, rolling it back and forth, faster and faster. When he'd get to his maximum speed, he'd slow it to almost still, and he could feel Summer thrust back at his fingers.

He could tell by the way she was moaning she was close. He toyed with her, getting here close to the climax and then stopping. She had had enough. Mike gasped as he felt a hot wetness around his cock. The pleasure was unbearable, and yet at the same time, home. Summer ran her tongue around his head and the impaled herself on his cock, deep throating him. Mike felt like he'd blow his load. She released his cock and ran her tongue up and down the length, gently flicking her tongue over the back of his glans, where the penis gets all its pleasure.

Mike tried to gain some measure of control back by toying with her clit again but she deep throated him again, and he moaned in ecstasy as she sucked him. Vicky had told him that she'd taught Summer to give head. Summer was better. She played with his cock, licking and sucking it in all the right places, and would then take it all in her throat and suck tightly, creating a seal around his meat. It was incredible. Soon Mike could feel his hips start to move involuntarily. He was thrusting his hips at her as she sucked his cock. Slowly, he began to fuck her face, he would thrust and she would take it in her throat and swallow slightly, giving even more pleasure to Mike's throbbing cock. His cock was sliding in and out of her throat, and he was inching closer to his orgasm.

'Oh god Summer! Don't stop... I'm almost there. God!'

Summer gave him one last deep, teasing suck of his cock and sat up. She turned around and crawled on top of him. Grabbing his cock, she whispered in his ear. 'I want you inside me...' She slowly removed her thong and straddled his hips quickly.
