 Disclaimer: Bork bork bork. I don't feel like writing out the full disclaimer. Anyone portrayed fucking or having sexy-time is over 18. There you go. 

Chapter 4- I Must Really Like You 

I started to wake up and stretched slowly. I couldn't feel Janie next to me and opened my eyes. The curtains were open, letting light into the room. I saw Janie sitting on the large ledge, facing away from me. She was doing the splits and stretching from one side to the other, a large towel beneath her. She was wearing her blonde hair in a ponytail and completely naked. 

I smiled as I watched her do her stretches, side to side, breathing in and out rhythmically. I could see enough of her body that it sent a tingle through me. Beneath her lovely toned cheeks I could barely make out the cleft of her pussy. I slowly stroked my cock and it grew hard as I thought about her. I quietly got out of the bed and moved up behind her, putting my arms around her and cupping her breasts as I pressed my shaft against her butt, sliding it beneath. She drew in a small breath, shivered and smiled. 

"Good morning," she purred as I kissed her neck and cheek while squeezing her breasts. "Thought I'd let you rest and regain your strength, y'know, after your night of exertions." 

I chuckled. "Worried I can't keep up or something?" I asked as I pressed forward, sliding my cock along her pussy. She was somewhat moist already, so I concluded she'd been waiting for me to get up and come fuck her. I squeezed her breasts and pushed the head of my pulsing member through her pliant lips. Janie sighed and pressed her lips to mine, kissing me warmly. I slid the rest of my cock inside her, both us moaning. The sensation of her pussy with her legs spread wide was unique, tight and wonderful. 

"Mmmmm, I love you so much," she murmured through the kiss as I began to slide back and forth inside her. My thumb and index finger pinched and gently tugged on her nipples. Her hands reached back and wrapped around my neck, pulling her even closer to me. "You are so perfect for me." 

Her wet pussy slurped on my cock while she tried to flex her muscles around me from this unusual position. She finally released me and leaned forward, walking her hands along the ledge until she was able to support her weight on them. From here I could caress my hands up and down her back and sides, making her sigh in pleasure. 

"Jesus," she moaned, her neck arching. "You feel so fucking good inside me, Michael..." 

I squeezed her ass cheeks as I pushed my hips back and forth, reaching deep inside her. The grip of her slippery tunnel around me made me shudder. Jamie was proving a singular delight and I was so thankful I'd agreed to this trip. I massaged her cheeks in circles, giving her a stretch as I buried myself into her pussy. 

She smiled back at me and squeezed her cheeks together, causing us both to shudder. Her ass squeezing as my cock moved inside her just below it felt incredible. There was a tightness and pulling to it that neither of us had anticipated. My fingers dug into her skin as she flexed repeatedly while I fucked her. 

"I think this morning... is the time you take me in the ass, Michael..." she panted, working herself around me. "I think I want to feel you in my ass. I'm brave this morning." 

I nodded. "Okay, darling. But let me make you cum a few times, so that your body is a little more relaxed and because I want you to have cum already in case you don't like it." 

She nodded eagerly and began to grind herself back against me, clearly not interested in waiting to climax. The day was young and there'd be plenty of time to cum together again. She kept leaning forward but also pushing back. I massaged her cheeks and her taint, occasionally teasing her puckered little knot. She shuddered and moaned wantonly, both of us warm and sweating as we fucked. 

Then she almost contracted in on herself, wheezed and moaned loudly, her pussy squeezing me tightly as she came. I kept pushing in and out, ignoring the fierce clench of her around me, fighting for control so that I didn't cum yet. I gripped her hips and leaned over her, pumping myself against her ass and she squealed and came again, trapped beneath me, helpless to do anything except take what I gave her. 

Her breath was coming in ragged gasps, she sounded like she was almost choking. She let out a strangled groan, leaning forward until she was pressed against the window, her stomach flat against the marble ledge. Her pussy clenched me so tight as she came I thought my head would pop off. 

And then she went limp. If it weren't for the trembling and the long, slow breaths, I'd have thought she'd fainted. I kept stroking slowly, feeling her tunnel relax around me. I said nothing, just caressing her back and her ass for several minutes until she stirred. Through heavily-lidded eyes, she looked back at me. It was as close to an 'ahegao' face as I'd ever seen anyone achieve. 

"We're gonna have to switch positions if you fuck my ass," she said wearily. "In this position I'm pretty sure I'd burst open if you got it all the way in." 

I nodded. "I'll take you to the bed and you can decide how you want to do it from there." 

Slowly I pulled out of her and then scooped her limp body up, carrying her to the bed and depositing her on it gently. She smiled up at me dreamily and held out her arms. I laid on top of her and we kissed one another deeply. Janie nestled against me and took my cock back inside her pussy, clearly wanting to keep me wet and slippery until she was ready. We kissed lovingly for several minutes until she took a deep breath, looked into my eyes and nodded. 

As I withdrew from her, she slowly turned us over until she was on top of me, resting her hands on my chest, her pussy flattening my cock against my stomach. Her fingernails traced patterns along my skin as she smiled down at me. 

"So, what, I just... put the head against my ass, nudge it in and then take it at my own pace?" she asked. "Lifetime lesbian here, no real experience with cock up the ass..." 

I nodded. "That's the gist of it. Take it at your pace and I'll just do ask you ask me to." 

She thought about that and nodded. She lifted herself on her knees and took hold of my cock stroking it gently. She smiled at me nervously while placing it against her puckered little knot. It was still slippery and wet with her lubrication. She closed her eyes and steadied her breathing. I held her by the hips, steadying her. 

Her eyes opened. "Maybe... well, maybe I should try a few fingers first? Stretch it out, get me ready?" 

"That does make sense," I agreed. "I think it's a good idea." 

She paused again and then frowned. "Actually, I've got a better idea..." 

Janie unstraddled me and trotted over to the dresser. She opened a small bottle of Finlandia vodka and knocked it back steadily. She then put in back on the surface of the dresser, took several deep breaths and came back to the bed. 

"That should do it," she declared. "I don't feel like fingering my ass when I can just get brave-drunk and go kamikaze. Let's kiss and fuck for a few while the vodka kicks in." 

She pushed my cock back into her waiting pussy and we kissed hungrily while she rocked back and forth along my length. Our tongues slithered and plunged inside one another's mouths for several minutes until she was giggling. When I looked into her face, her eyes were glassy and almost crossed. 

"Okay, now I'm fucked up," she said sweetly, grinning. "Promise to rape me again if I start puking? That was kinda fun." 

"I wish you were saying that while sober, but yes." I laughed. "Now let's tear that ass up, shall we?" 

She nodded more readily this time and shifted around until my cock fell out of her and throbbed beneath her, glistening and eager. She took firm hold of it and once again placed the head against her puckered knot. She hissed as she pressed against it, working it through the tight ring. There was a wet 'pop' and my cockhead was inside her. She shuddered and gasped at the intrusion, her fingers now flexing against my chest, the nails in my skin. I smiled up at her and kept my grip on her hips. 

Janie looked down at me intently, holding very still as she felt my mushroom dome stretching her inner walls. She was taking slow, deep breaths. She may have been drunk, but she was really focused on what she was doing. Finally, she began to settle down slowly, fractions of an inch at a time. She paused and then went up slightly, pausing as my cockhead sat just inside her and then moved back down a little farther. I smiled up at her lovingly and waited while she worked herself up and down ever so slowly. 

"You're not getting bored and can stay hard for this?" she asked through an exhale as she pushed down a little farther. 

"Not at all bored and it feels wonderfully warm and tight, my love." I replied, moving my hands now to her breasts and giving them a gentle squeeze. She groaned and shivered. I knew squeezing her tits would turn her on and make her more horny and eager than ever, rather than just trying to steady her by the hips. 

She nodded and went back to her endeavour. She started allowing gravity to help, rather than just using flexure through her hips. She let out a hiss as she sunk down almost a full inch all at once. Her fingernails stung on my chest as she flexed them. She grunted in her throat and began to squirm her hips a little bit, almost as if she was trying to corkscrew her way down my cock. 

"Jesus..." she moaned. "It feels so full... is it... supposed to feel like this?" 

"That's what I've been told, yes," I replied, nodding and pinching her nipples, which resulted in a gasp and a shiver. "But I can't tell you what a cock in the ass is supposed to feel like." 

"Lot of help you are," she wheezed as she sank down further, gritting her teeth. "Holy shit..." 

And before either of us were ready for it, her little ring touched the root of my cock. I was fully inside her ass. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked at me, almost in disbelief. 

"You're... in my ass..." she whispered. "Now what?" 

"Whatever you like, my dear." I said easily. "Take your time and have fun with it." 

"Well, what's fun is fucking, so let's get this started..." she breathed, steeling herself. She braced her hands on my chest and began to slowly move up and down. I shivered as I felt her incredibly tight ass gripping my cock, sliding up and down. Janie sighed, her eyes closed, pushing up until only the head remained inside again. Without hesitation, she sank back down slowly, taking me all the way in again. 

"Gnnnnn, it was just tight, full and weird at first, but now it's getting good," she sighed. "Ohhhhh, yes, your cock in my ass feels good..." 

She almost convulsed and then righted herself, starting to turn pinkish-red all over and sweat profusely. 

"And really, really fucking big..." she wheezed. "Hoooo... okay... this feels so good..." 

She reached the bottom and paused, gathering her nerves. She began moving up and down again, slowly but rhythmically. She moaned and I squeezed her breasts again, making her shiver. I couldn't believe how good it felt to be inside her ass. I could feel the thin, membranous walls rippling and clenching around me. 

Her skin was warm and damp as I fondled her. Janie groaned and squirmed slowly up and down, her eyes closed, reveling in the new sensation. This was unlike anything she'd ever experienced and true to her nature, she was eager to share unreal pleasure with me. 

"Oh, Michael," she warbled. "I... will you fuck me from behind now? I want to... feel you from behind..." 

I nodded and she climbed off me, shivering and squeaking as I popped out of her. She got on her hands and knees, facing away from me. She turned her head to smile at me and wiggled her butt. I could see her little knot was still somewhat opened from the initial fucking and maybe this would make it easier for her. 

I knelt behind Janie and held her hips firmly. She kept still and I took hold of my cock and placed it against her ass. She took a deep breath and groaned as I pushed the head through her ring and inside. Without waiting long, I slid my cock slowly all the way back into her tightness. She clutched the sheets and gritted her teeth as I penetrated her, finally back inside fully. 

She panted, her eyes wide, trying to compose herself. When she was finally ready, she nodded. "Okay. Let's do this..." 

Knowing she didn't want to be handled with kid gloves but unwilling to tear her apart, I began by pulling out slowly and then pushing all the way back in with one fluid motion. She hissed and pushed back against me, making sure I got as deep as possible. 

"Unh!" she yelped, throwing her head back. "Holy fuck, that's good!" 

I began fucking her ass slowly but steadily, sliding back and forth. Still pushing back against me, Janie now pressed her face into the pillow, biting at it with her teeth. I watched my cock slide in and out of her, hypnotized by how erotic it was. She tried flexing the muscles and shivered, because it felt incredible. 

"Michael... Michael... Michael..." she whimpered. "Oh God..." 

I could feel her squirming now, eager to feel more and she yelped again as I smacked one of her ass cheeks. She looked back at me and smirked wickedly. 

"That's it," she hissed. "Fuck my ass and smack it! This is what I want!" 

I pumped in and out of her a little faster now, eager to please her. She had adapted surprisingly quickly and I was happy to test her. We fucked eagerly, losing ourselves in one another's pleasure. Sweat-slicked bodies ground together and my fingers were gripping her tight enough to leave red welts on her skin. 

Without warning I took hold of her shoulders and pulled her up into a sitting position on my lap. She almost wailed as she spiked herself down on my cock, facing away. She turned her face and we kissed one another sloppily and hungrily, tongues snaking around one another's mouths. Both sets of hands groped and squeezed her breasts. I pinched her nipples and tugged on them, causing her to moan loudly into my mouth. 

One of her hands snaked down and began teasing her clit as she parted her legs as much as she could while I was buried in her ass. She squirmed and ground up and down shamelessly, her skin slick beneath my grip. She was so warm. 

"One more..." she moaned. "I need you one more way for this, Michael..." 

I paused in fucking her and she slowly pulled herself off me again. She laid down on her stomach and turned onto her back, looking up at me. With a serene smile, she spread her legs and bent them, tilting her hips up. 

"I want you on top of me," she said softly. "I want you in my ass but looking into my eyes, kissing me and whispering that you love me. That's how I want you to cum in me..." 

I nodded and settled between her legs, kneeling and spreading her hips wide. She trembled as I pressed the head against her knot one more time and pushed gently inside. She sighed as I slid into her ass, holding her legs wide while I laid down on top of her. Her arms settled on my back and she sighed in bliss. We kissed one another then, deeply in love. 

We looked into one another's eyes as I moved in and out of her. The utter pleasure of being one with Janie, sharing my deepest desires with her, it was more than either of us could hope to express with simple words. We could one see it in one another's eyes, the unconditional love we were sharing at that moment, totally lost in and devoted to one another. 

Pinned beneath me, Janie rocked her hips and squeezed her ass around me as I fucked her. Her fingers dug into my back and she moaned as I bit her lower lip and tugged on it. We undulated and rolled against one another, arms exploring and caressing. She felt so incredibly tight beneath me this way. 

Our squirming was getting faster and faster, moaning into one another's mouths and I could feel her ass tightening around me. The boiling pressure in my sac sent a tingling warmth through me and I knew we were both close. I pushed up on my toes, getting as far inside her as I could, straining. 

"Oh, God, Michael..." she gasped. "I love you. Cum in me..." 

I groaned and she shuddered and keened through clenched teeth. I pressed myself to her and could feel my cum spurting inside her ass while she dug her nails into my back. Her legs wrapped around me, keeping me inside her. The pressure of her clenching was almost dizzying. My throbbing cock pumped my pearly offering deep into her passage and Janie bit at my shoulder. 

We collapsed, utterly spent. Chests were heaving and she lay beneath me almost like a dead thing. I could feel her heart pounding against me and she could no doubt feel mine. We said nothing for several minutes, just lying still. Finally, her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at me. 

"I am so in love with you," she whispered. "You're making me into a terrible lesbian. I just want you and your cum deep inside me all the time." 

I kissed her lovingly and whispered back that I was equally in love with her. We made out for some minutes before I slowly pulled my cock from her ass and she shuddered and giggled at the exit. She sighed and closed her legs, caressing her breasts. 

"You're gonna have to carry me to the shower, big man," she purred, smiling at me. "Otherwise I'm gonna leak all over everything." 

I nodded and stood before scooping her into my arms and carrying her into the bathroom. She indicated that I should set her on the toilet so she could pee and then I went to turn on the shower, adjusting it to Janie's preferred temperature. I could hear her giggling in the stall on the other side of the half-wall. 

"You're gonna be dribbling out of me for hours," she said. "Sure hope my ass goes back to normal or I'll be walking funny forever." 

I waited for her to finish and took her by the hand to lead her over to the shower. We stood under the deluge, kissing deeply, our bodies pressed together like pieces of an erotic puzzle. Tongues tangled and slithered softly, loving words whispered in one another's ears. 

"Mmmmm, you fucked me good, but I want more," she purred in my ear as we danced slowly, holding one another. "We need to make full use of that jacuzzi, after all." 

"Whatever my love wants." I replied, kissing her. She melted into me and we made out for several minutes before taking the soap and cleaning one another thoroughly. We were wrapped in towels when there was a knock at the door. Janie opened it and Erika smiled at her, holding three more bottles of champagne. 

"Glad to see I'm not interrupting and I hope I'm not being presumptive, but I assumed three more bottles might be in order for my favourite guests." 

"Three more bottles are welcome, and I doubt that you interrupting would have stopped him in any event," Janie laughed, stepping aside to allow the hotel advocate to enter the room. She didn't see the least bit bothered by the two of us being wrapped only in towels. 

"No need for pickle brine this morning, I see," Erika observed, smirking as she placed the bottles on the table. "No hangover, darling?" 

Janie shrugged. "Seemingly not, but I've already been drinking and am kinda buzzed, so who knows?" 

"Drinking and drunk already?" Erika asked, trying to contain her amusement. 

"A little liquid courage was required, I let him take my butt this morning," Janie replied. "Never done that before, you know." 

"Goodness," Erika said, fanning herself for effect. "You two sure hold nothing back and know how to make my day interesting. Aside from dropping off more bubbly, I just wanted to let you know what you two are sort of an underground curiosity and sensation around these parts. Two of the girls from the spa have offered you free massage sessions as a welcome. One is Lyndsey and the other is Grace." 
