 Disclaimer: Bork bork bork. I don't feel like writing out the full disclaimer. Anyone portrayed fucking or having sexy-time is 18 or older. There you go. 

***** 

Chapter 6 -- A Sense Of Urgency 

I woke and felt a distinctly wet and warm sensation between my legs, along with hearing some giggling and light moaning. My eyes slowly opened and I looked down to see Janie and Annie taking turns massaging and licking my cock, bringing it to life. My blonde lover looked up at me and winked while our red-headed playmate bobbed up and down on my shaft, moaning in pleasure as one of Janie's hands reached behind and fingered her gooey pussy. Her fingers flexed on my thighs as she squirmed back against Janie's hand. 

"Mmm, morning, daddy," cooed my beloved Janie. "Nice way to wake up?" 

"I can't think of a better way," I replied, reaching down and caressing Annie's red hair while she sucked on me. Janie giggled and crawled behind Annie, who was lying on her stomach. She nestled around, coaxing the redhead to part her legs, and pressed her pussy to our plaything's. She began to squirm around, causing Annie to moan around me in bliss. 

"Does she look good sucking on your cock while I girl-fuck her, daddy?" Janie asked, smirking at me. Her eyes shone with pleasure, excitement and love as she looked across to me. Her legs were scissored with Annie's while she undulated sensually. Annie reached under herself and squeezed one of her breasts as she continued moving up and down my cock. 

"She looks wonderful, baby," I said, nodding at her. "You chose good. Wish we could take her home with us." 

"Mmmmm, don't tempt me ..." Annie purred, shivering as Janie fucked her. "I haven't had this good a time in fucking forever. I wanna stow away in your suitcases." 

"Oh God, that sounds wonderful," Janie sighed as she ground her slit against Annie's. "I totally wanna make you fall in love with me and bring you home." 

Apparently Janie's words triggered something in Annie, because her mouth popped off my cock and she instantly scrambled around to almost tackle Janie to the bed, kissing her feverishly, their bodies squashed together. Janie moaned loudly and wrapped her legs around Annie's waist while they rocked and ground against one another. Their tongues plunged hungrily, fingers groping and squeezing all the supple flesh they could find. They were almost panting as they ravaged one another. 

I moved down below them and took hold of Annie's ass, since she was on top. Her legs were splayed out to the sides, knees beside Janie's hips. Janie's legs were still wrapped around the redhead's waist. Their glistening pussies were squished together, presenting the perfect target. I steadied them, and Annie whimpered as I dragged my cockhead up and down her slick pussylips. Without further warning, I steadied myself and pushed inside her with one firm stroke. Annie wailed into Janie's mouth and shook like she was having a seizure. Janie held her tight, knowing what I was doing to her lover. Buried deep in her slit, I held myself in there for several seconds, letting her adjust to my invasion. She slowly calmed down, still kissing Janie, but trembling and turning a lusty shade of pink. 

I held onto her pert ass cheeks and began to push back and forth inside her, my cock almost leaving her pussy and then sliding back in. She groaned shamelessly, trying to squeeze my cock as I fucked her. 

But then I pulled myself out of her entirely and as she moaned in protest, I lowered my aim and pushed my cock into Janie's waiting pussy right below. She almost yelped in surprise, but then shoved her hips up violently, as if trying to take more of me in. She kissed Annie fiercely as I filled her and rocked lustily. I could feel her trying to squeeze my cock as well. 

They writhed and ground against one another, moaning through their wet, passionate kiss while I pumped my hips, sawing deep inside Janie, then pulling out and pushing myself back into Annie. She gasped loudly and looked back at me, her eyes glazed with unreal pleasure and lust. She was actually drooling, so lost was she in her ecstasy. 

The girls almost mauled each other with their eager fingers and kissed loudly and sloppily. I fucked them in turn, determined to make them both cum as many times as I could before releasing myself. Annie gasped and cried out as I cracked my palm across her pert ass cheek, which started to go pink. 

"Fuck!" she rasped, shivering. "Fucking smack it again! Smack me!" 

I was buried in Janie while I smacked her again, loving how she groaned and squirmed in response. Her sloppy pussy was glazing Janie's with her wetness. I reached down and took hold of Annie by her chin with my hands. As I pushed deep into Janie, I pulled back on Annie's head, arching her back and neck toward me. She keened and shook violently, her now bleary eyes gazing back at me. Her breath was little more than gasping chokes as I almost accordioned her spine. 

Janie shuddered and spasmed suddenly, her pussy gripping me savagely as she came without warning. She almost screeched, but managed to strangle the noise somehow. Her hands tightly gripped Annie's pert breasts, leaving red welts. The redhead writhed and began cumming as well, even though I was not inside her. Not wasting a moment, I pulled out of Janie and speared myself into Annie, whose orgasm suddenly went into overdrive. Tears streamed from her eyes as she came, her hands scrabbling at Janie's soft shoulders in desperation. 

I slid back into Janie, who was still shuddering but seemed to cum again, if the noises she made indicated anything. Releasing Annie's face, she collapsed on her and trembled uncontrollably, even as she kissed her new lover. I was pleased to note that I didn't need to cum yet, meaning I could continue to brutalize the two of them, and proceeded to do so. 

I used my size and strength to pummel myself inside the girls, who were now screaming into each other's mouths, as if I were killing them, as they grappled onto each other for dear life. Annie's pale skin was flushed a deep pink, and even Janie's more tan complexion was considerably redder than normal. They were both also sweating profusely, bodies shining, and their sticky pussies were glued together. 

I was reasonably certain they'd each cum at least three times now and decided to join them. I jammed my hips forward as my cock reached deep inside Annie, swelling and throbbing. I began to cum, hard, lashing her insides with my pearly essence. I was still cumming as I pulled out of her and pushed into Janie, rapt by her wet heat as her pussy swallowed my cum. 

Finishing cumming, I eased myself back into Annie, then Janie, until I felt like there was nothing left. Both girls were barely moving, as if utterly exhausted, which they probably were. I couldn't lie on top of them without crushing at least one, so I pulled out of Janie and lay beside them, looking at the ceiling. My erect cock throbbed still, glistening with their wetness and dribbling cum from the tip. 

Janie and Annie were somehow still awake enough to be kissing, although these efforts were feeble, compared to their earlier eagerness. I could feel the heat radiating from their bodies as they lay next to me. We said nothing for several minutes, just existing. I thought they might have gone to sleep, with their lips still pressed together in a kiss. 

Finally Janie stirred, her hands reaching down slowly and taking hold of Annie's ass cheeks, squeezing gently and massaging them in little circles. Annie sighed contentedly, pecking and nibbling at Janie's lips, and then their tongues began tangling languorously. I watched contentedly as they pleasured one another. 

Annie whispered something in Janie's ear, and my beloved blonde giggled and nodded. They both sat up and then moved over my hips, almost like they were crab-walking. Annie then pressed her pussylips against my still-erect shaft and began squirming against it. Janie then sidled in, her legs scissoring around Annie's and then pressing her gooey slit into the other side of my cock. They looked at one another and giggled as they undulated their pussies against me and one another around me. 

I watched in lazy fascination as they fucked each other around my cock, sighing as they felt me throb between them. Then Annie eased forward slightly and sank down onto me, until I was deep inside her. She groaned and moved up and down slowly, while Janie kept squirming against her wetly. Then the redhead pulled off and Janie pushed her cunt down on me, while Annie pussy-fucked her. 

I was in no danger of cumming, but the two amused themselves for some minutes until Janie moaned and climaxed, followed by Annie as she was impaled on me. Annie lay on top of me, facing up, with my cock in her while Janie lay on top of her and they kissed and rubbed their sweat-slicked bodies together, whispering to one another. 

"Holy shit ..." Annie sighed finally. "Can't believe we just woke up. I already feel like we've been in a fuck marathon, and the day is young." 

Janie nodded and sluggishly got off the bed, stumbling over to the desk and retrieving two bottles of champagne. She popped them both and came back, taking a stiff pull from one bottle while handing me the other. Bubbly for breakfast. All righty, then. 

Janie clambered onto the bed, kneeling in front of Annie, who also got on her knees. Janie took another drink and then snuggled her body into her lover's and they pressed their lips together. Annie moaned as Janie fed champagne into her mouth. I could see their tongues moving inside their mouths, lips sealed to keep the champagne from leaking out. 

I took pulls from my bottle while they shared each other, doing a surprisingly good job of not making a mess on the bed. If they did, it was because they began giggling, and some of the bubbly dribbled out between them. Fortunately their breasts caught most of it, a perfect excuse to lick and suck on one another. 

"Mmmm, we shouldn't make a mess of the bed like this," Annie purred as she cradled Janie's head while she licked champagne off her nipples. "Why don't we try out the jacuzzi, and we'll bring the bottles with us?" 

"That sounds like a great idea," Janie mumbled around the glistening pink bud in her mouth. "Let's go ..." 

Hand in hand they slid off the bed, with Janie reaching over to take me by the hand as well. They wiggled their way into the bathroom and passed the time by giggling, feeling one another up and making out while I started the water. 

"Daddy, can we also take her down the hall and fuck her in the sauna?" Janie cooed, reaching out and stroking my cock while giving me an imploring look. I nodded readily and they both squealed in delight and jiggled about. The water was nowhere near full when they both clambered into the tub, wasting no time in turning on the jets and then wrestling around, trying to pin one another against the jets, blasting their pussies. I just watched in amusement. 

Predictably, it wasn't long before they were both on all fours in the middle of the tub, kissing deeply and letting selected jets massage their girly bits relentlessly, moaning all the while. Some people might have pointed out that they were paying a lot of attention to one another at this point, rather than me, but to be honest, I was enjoying and needing the interlude. Women cum again sooner than men, and can keep going. Once a guy climaxes, he generally needs time to recharge, not to mention build up the cream reserves again. This was giving me a chance to regenerate, so to speak. I'd fucked her in the jacuzzi before; I could wait until the sauna. 

I soon climbed in with them, making sure that the tub would not overflow. They made room for me to sit in the middle, while they resumed their positions, leaning across me to kiss, their hands resting on my sizable quads. They both found my cock, not surprisingly, and began to caress and stroke it while they made out. 

Annie shivered and moaned loudly, squirming her ass as she came. It wasn't long before Janie joined her, whimpering into her lover's mouth and cumming hard. They broke the kiss, panting as they tried to compose themselves. I smiled and caressed their behinds gently, letting them recover. Janie leaned in and kissed me lovingly, while reaching for Annie's head and taking it gently to bring her in close. Annie's mouth replaced Janie's in the kiss, while my blonde lover nibbled at the redhead's skin. 

"Are we including you enough, daddy?" Janie asked, caressing my cheek. "Don't want you to feel excluded." 

"I'm resting up for the sauna," I replied, reaching under and fondling one of Annie's pert breasts and making her moan into my mouth. "Takes a lot of energy to keep up with two horny young girls, you know." 

Janie and Annie giggled and then snuggled into me, their hands wandering over our bodies while we relaxed. I wasn't surprised when they kept finding my shaft and stroking it, bringing me back to a state of semi-hardness. I could see the glint in Annie's eyes as my cock slowly stiffened in her hand. 

"Ooh, daddy, I know what she wants," whispered Janie in my ear. "Even if you're not ready to cum yet, you should make her cum. You ready to do that?" 

I nodded. Unless a girl is an absolute succubus, I tend to be capable of staying hard and refraining from orgasm as needed, simply by pacing myself and letting fleeting, non-sexual images enter my head every so often to control my ardour. Without another word, we shuffled around until Annie was in my lap, kneeling on either side of my thighs and facing out. Her slippery pussy found my cock and she pushed herself down on it eagerly, letting out a guttural moan as she bottomed out. 

Janie turned down the jets, probably because she wanted to hear Annie's moans more clearly. Kneeling at our side, she kissed the dancer while we both fondled and squeezed her breasts. Annie shuddered and groaned as she began to churn up and down on my cock lustily, clearly not intending to prolong the activity, but race ahead to her orgasm. The jets were at a low hum now, the water eddying around us gently, and we could clearly hear one another, which seemed to be the point. 

The door to the room opened, and in walked Erika, poor thing, carrying champagne bottles. 

"Good morning," she said cheerfully, turning to look to the jacuzzi when she heard the hum. "I brought you -- oh, goodness, I'm sorry." 

"Don't be," Janie replied, smiling while continuing to fondle Annie. "We gave you permission, after all, so we're not gonna be doing anything we'd worry about you seeing." 

"You do seem to keep multiplying," Erika agreed, still standing in the doorway, bottles in hand. "I ... guess I'll just put these down." 

"In here, please," Janie said, pointing to the small table nearby us. "That way we don't need to get out to go and get more from the other room. This is Annie, by the way; she's a new friend of ours." 

"Hello, Annie," Erika said politely. "I'm Erika." 

"Hi ..." Annie panted as she bounced up and down, her pert tits jiggling away. "Nice to meet you ..." 

"Erika," Janie began, blushing a little. "D'you ... we were hoping to use the saunas in a bit, possibly the pool. Are we gonna get in trouble if we --" 

Erika picked up quickly on what Janie was asking and just waved it off. "I'll make sure you have time. How long and when?" 

Janie considered, looked at me and then back at Erika. "Ummm ... three hours, starting in an hour?" 

Erika shrugged and smiled. "Wouldn't be the first time I've closed down the pool and saunas for a private party, dear. Consider it done. So, close it at nine o'clock?" 

"Thanks, Erika, you're the best!" Janie said, still fondling Annie's tit with one hand but looking at our advocate. Erika nodded and exited our suite quietly, leaving us to our depravity. With Erika gone, Janie now knelt in front of us, her knees on either side of mine, close enough to squirm her body against Annie's while I fucked her. They kissed one another hungrily as the redhead churned on my lap, squeezing my cock with her pussy. I let my mind wander on occasion, my member staying hard, but my desire to cum forgotten enough to rein in my passion. She would cum, I would wait. 

This still felt amazing, though, no two ways about it. 

"Oh!" Janie exclaimed suddenly, pulling back from the kiss with a small splash. Annie was confused as Janie almost threw herself out of the tub and scurried into the main room. She returned quickly, carrying both of our phones, activating them. 

"Annie, I know you're busy," she said as she clambered back in with us, still holding the devices. "But are you willing to allow me to record us with you? I'm trolling a friend who's a meanie and said I was too chicken to fuck my daddy." 

Preoccupied as she may have been, Annie seemed to answer readily, looking at Janie with heavy-lidded eyes. "Are they here in the city?" 

Janie shook her head: "Totally different state." 

"That's fine then," she breathed, pushing down hard and squirming herself in circles on me, getting me inside as deep as possible. "Just let me have videos as well, I wanna remember this." 

"I'm glad," Janie said eagerly, activating the camera on one phone, then snuggling in beside us and focusing the action on Annie and myself, the big screen forward, so we could see what was happening. 

Annie appeared on the screen, moaning as she pumped up and down on me, with my hands squeezing her breasts. It stayed focused on us for a few seconds, before panning over to Janie, who smirked at the camera. 

"Hey, guys," she said cheerfully. "We're still having fun, and we found a new playmate. More later. Bye!" 

She clicked off the camera and giggled as she saved it and sent it to me, Annie, Les and Hannah. "This'll really burn her cookies," she snickered as she finished. "Annie, want me to film daddy making you cum?" 

"Uhh, please!" rasped the dancer, her skin almost the same colour as her hair. She was leaning forward now, still gyrating, but leaning on my thighs for support. I could feel her pussy clenching tighter and tighter around me and it took considerable willpower on my part to focus past the pleasure and not cum. 

Janie began recording dutifully, her phone trailing up and down our bodies as Annie fucked me. Her gasps now had a wheezing quality to them as she churned and bounced, her lovely body beginning to tremble. Janie had to really concentrate on recording; I could see the eagerness in her eyes. 

Annie shook and groaned loudly, arching her back and pressing down as hard as she could. Her pussy gripped me savagely as she came and she writhed like she was in some state of transcendent rapture. I gripped my hands on the sides of the tub to help control myself, letting the feel of her squeezing me go. I watched Janie do her thing in an attempt to calm myself, and it seemed to work, because I was still plenty hard, but didn't cum. 

Annie collapsed back against me finally, her chest heaving. She was breathing heavily, like she'd sprinted up the hotel steps to our floor as quickly as possible. She looked at me through glazed eyes and put a weary hand on my cheek. 

"Oh, daddy ..." she sighed, totally out of breath. "No wonder your little girl loves you so much." 

I chuckled and wrapped my arms around her, my hands on her breasts as I kissed her neck, making her purr and squirm. Janie was still filming, but I was not at all surprised to see her free hand had snaked down between her legs to pleasure herself. Less than a minute passed before she whimpered and came as well. If the camerawork became jittery, as least she had a good excuse. 

Janie stopped recording and set the camera down, before coming in and sitting on my legs again, leaning in to kiss Annie tenderly. We sat together serenely, caressing one another for some minutes before Janie sat up again, bringing Annie with her. They ran their hands over one another as they stared into each other's eyes and then kissed before Annie eased herself off me, moaning as I slipped out of her. Finally, I allowed myself to relax and stand down. 
