 All characters in this story are fictional and any that engage in sexual activity are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy reading it! 

This is the conclusion to the story Twins across the Road. In part two, the twins are now sharing their affection with John, and he is enjoying a summer that he will never forget. Thanks for making it to the end, and I hope you enjoyed it! 

I also wish to extend a huge thank you to my editor, Guinahart, for helping make my stories easier to read. 

******************** 

I had set the alarm to wake us up at eight o'clock, so we would have time to have some breakfast before having to pack up and head for home. I got up first, putting on some sweatpants. I left the twins to sleep in, while I went to the kitchen to start some coffee. 

What an incredible weekend! The sun was beginning its rise outside, and it came in through the huge windows that led to the deck. I took my cup of coffee, and went out onto the deck to sit and enjoy some fresh air. The view was incredible, and the morning fog was beginning to burn off the pond. 

I sat at the table, thinking about what a turn-around my life had taken in the last few months. I went from what I had thought was a happy marriage, to single, and now sleeping with the two sexy vixens from across the street. 

As I finished off my cup of coffee, I heard the door slide open behind me. Without turning around, I said, "Good morning." 

"Mmmm, good morning to you too," said one of the twins. I still couldn't tell them apart by voice. 

She came up behind me, and wrapped her arms around me from behind. I felt the distinct pressure of her breasts on my back, and realized that she still had no shirt on. I took one of her hands in mine, lifted it up to my face, and gently kissed it. I hugged them both back to my chest, and just reveled in the feeling pushing into my back, before she stood up and slid into the chair just to my right. 

I looked into her brown eyes, now realizing that it was Teri, and just smiled. She had a pair of boy short underwear on, but nothing else. I got hard almost instantly, with the beauty presented before me. Before my brain could process anything else, I heard the door slide open again. Katie was going to join us on the deck. 

"Good morning, Kate," I said. 

"Heh, and a good morning to you," she replied, coming up behind me. 

She hugged me from the back, almost exactly as her sister had just done. I felt another pair of soft and wonderful breasts on my back, as her soft skinned arms wrapped around me. I kissed one of her hands, and hugged her arms tight as I had done with Teri. She stood up and moved over to sit in the chair to my left. I looked to her and she was wearing some boxer shorts, but same as Teri, no top. 

I was getting whiplash, looking from my left to my right. Both girls chuckled, seeing my predicament, and just smiled. They knew the effect they were having on me, as Teri reached over and rubbed her hand on the large tent in my sweatpants. 

"Sis, I think we created a monster here, or at least woke one up," chuckled Teri. 

"Well, I am going to go take a shower, and will leave you two to figure out how to take care of that," replied Katie, with a huge grin. She got up and went back inside, heading for the bathroom. 

Teri put her hands to hips and hooked her fingers into the waistband of my sweats. She started pulling, and it took me a second to clear the cobwebs, to lift my ass to help her pull them off me. She got them to my knees, pushed my chair back a bit and just sat right in my lap. She reached down, pulled her panties to the side enough, and in a quick smooth motion, she impaled herself on my rigid member. 

Once again, I was in heaven, and the feeling of her incredible velvety tunnel was pure bliss. She sat still for a moment, leaned forward, and gave me a loving and gentle kiss. I was a bit surprised, but not going to complain at the closeness we were sharing. 

"John, I know that we won't be together forever, but I feel a real connection with you." My expression must have changed because she went on, "Don't worry, I won't use the 'L' word." She gave my arm a playful punch and giggled. I just smiled, and then pulled her in for another kiss. 

She apparently said all she wanted to, as she kept the kiss going, and was getting hotter by the second. Her hips seemed to start rotating on their own, and with her position, it fed my cock in and out of her about an inch at a time. I could feel the head making contact with what I figured must be her G spot, that hard bundle of nerves that is not always easy to find on a woman. She grabbed my shoulders, and started to literally bounce off my thighs, as she moved up and down in my lap. 

Her eyes popped open, and they were on fire with her desire. I knew this wasn't going to last long for either of us, but would be epic. She kept on going, up and down, like a woman on a mission. I reached forward and tweaked her left nipple, while my right arm was still wrapped around her back. She leaned back a little, and I moved my mouth to suck on her right nipple. I flicked that hard nub with my tongue, and she moaned a deep, guttural sound. 

I was near to my orgasm, and warned Teri. "Oh my god... so good... about to cum!" 

"Me too baby... me too... ughnnn," she replied, in between panted breaths. 

At that moment, she went up and slammed down hard, cumming all over my legs and balls. She was oozing, something she hadn't done with me yet. As I felt the pressure of her clamping down on me, I humped up into her as much as I could, and felt my release boiling up. 

"Yes... OOOoohhh," I grunted, as I blasted several streams of my cum into her. I was seeing stars for a couple seconds, until things started getting clear in my vision again. She lay forward with her head on my shoulder, panting. She started shaking, and then kissed me tenderly on the neck. I stood up, with her still impaled on me, and carried her inside. She had her legs wrapped around my waist, and arms around my neck, holding on tight. We got inside, and went straight for the bedroom. 

I didn't register anything else, aside from me and her, and the softness of the bed as I set her down. My dick finally softened, and slid out of her. I wanted to be inside her forever, and told her so once we were lying on the bed next to each other. 

"Teri...I could stay...like that...forever." I was still a bit out of breath. 

She just nodded, and rolled over to wrap her arms and legs around me again, in a tight embrace. We didn't move for a while, until we heard Katie out in the hall. 

"Hey you two, I hate to spoil the party, but we are going to need to head out soon." 

Teri laughed, and replied, "Yeah yeah, OK, boss lady." 

She got up first, and I followed her into the bathroom. We both showered, with a minimal amount of hanky-panky. We both realized that if we started anything, we would never get out of the shower. After getting each other clean, we dried off, and got dressed. 

We packed up all our stuff, got the truck loaded up, and said goodbye to the wonderful cabin that had been our special retreat. As I was driving back to the ferry, the girls were chatting about what they wanted to do when we got back. I just listened to the radio, and enjoyed the scenery as we drove. 

Sunday morning ferries are usually not as busy as the runs later in the day, so we got right on. The ride back was fairly uneventful, but peaceful. We got back to our neighborhood later in the afternoon, and the girls took their things out of the truck and both gave me a kiss, before heading to their house. I went into my house, wondering what their parents thought of our getaway. 

That night, I was beat, and got ready for bed early. I was sitting in bed, watching the news, and got a text message ding on my phone. I picked it up, and the sender was a number I didn't recognize. The message was pretty brief: 

Had a great time, my bed is cold, missing u already. 

Katie says she is cold too :) 

XOXO 

I chuckled at the message, apparently from Teri. I too felt that my bed was a bit colder than usual, but also knew that the budding relationship between us could never go anywhere. I decided then to be good to her, but also that I needed to talk to her about the lack of a future for us. I just hoped she understood, and felt the same way. The last thing I wanted was to lead on an impressionable, hot eighteen year old. That could end very badly. 

I responded to her text with one of my own: 

My bed is cold too, u could warm it up if u were here :) 

We should talk tomorrow, ok? 

John 

I waited a minute, and got a response: 

Sure thing, C U then ;-) 

I added her number to my contact list, and then turned off my T.V. and went to sleep. I woke up the next morning, did my usual routine, and went to work. I did get some things accomplished, but couldn't get either of those vixens out of my mind. I spent half the day sitting behind my desk with a boner, and the other half, pacing around. I finally gave up and went home around three in the afternoon. I normally stayed in the office until four or five, depending on how much needed to get done. 

On the way home, I got a text from Teri: 

Waiting for u J 

XOXO 

There she goes with those X's and O's again. Girls. I will never understand them, gave up trying a long time ago. At least she isn't fawning over me, saying the "L" word. I pulled into my driveway about ten minutes later, and she came out her front door, and ran across the street as I got to my door. 

I opened it, let her in and shut it behind us. The second we were inside the door, she pounced on me. I never stood a chance, not that I would have resisted if I could. She jumped up, wrapped her legs around my waist, and proceeded to let my tongue know that it was sharing my mouth. No complaints here. 

I hugged her tight as we kissed, and then I let her down as she broke away from me. She had a huge smile on her face, and honestly I almost forgot the reason I wanted her to come over. Oh yea, that's right. The 'talk' we needed to have. 

"That was intense, miss me much?" I asked. 

"Yup, sure did," she said. "I wanted to do that last night, but it was too late." 

With that said, she grabbed my arm and started dragging me down the hall. She probably didn't know where my bedroom was, but didn't matter much. We got down towards the end, and I just pointed at my door. She opened it, drug me behind her and closed the door behind us. 

"I have been waiting for this all last night, and all day today. Now you're MINE!" she exclaimed, as she tugged her shirt up and off. 

"Teri, I couldn't get anything meaningful done today at work. That's your fault!" I responded, as I was pulling my pants off. 

"Yeah? I caused you to goof up at work?" she asked, in an innocent tone. She was pulling her pants and panties off at this point. 

"Uh huh. I was hard thinking of you for at least half the day," I replied, pulling my shirt over my head, and tossing it on the floor. 

She gave me a devilish look, shoved me by both shoulders, and I fell backwards onto the bed with a THUD! She stalked forward, got onto my bed on her knees, straddling me. 

"Well, big boy, let's see if it was worth the wait!" She had a gleam in her eye, and I knew she was as hot as I was right then. She reached down between us, wrapped her dainty fingers around my already hard prick, and lined it up with her dripping opening. Obviously we were both VERY ready for this. She slid down onto it, and moaned. 

"Mmmmmm, I have wanted this all day," she said in a sultry tone. 

I simply nodded like a moron, as she started to ride me. I was beginning to realize that she REALLY liked to be on top, and in control. I would never complain about that. Ever. I did smile at the idea though. 

"You like me on top, don't you?" she asked, almost reading my mind. 

"Uh huh," there's the moron again. I really need to work on my level of sophistication. 

Thankfully she understood, and continued. I wish all women were as simple, she just GOT me. She moved up and down, in her relentless assault. She put her hands on my chest, and grabbed onto my sparse chest hair. Her head rolled around on her shoulders, making her hair really flair out over her shoulders. I was in awe of this creature. 

She lowered herself down, onto her elbows. She never stopped her up and down movements, but now that she was horizontal, it was rubbing her hard nipples against my chest. I loved it when a woman's breasts hung down during sex, and hers were some of the very best. The sensation of her skin on skin contact was driving me crazy, as was the angle of our union. 

All too soon, it was rapidly coming to a head, quite literally. Her motions sped up, and I could tell she was getting close. She started panting very rapid, glistening beads of sweat now clinging to her chest as she rode me faster and faster. 

"OH MY GOD, FUCK YESSSSSS!" she cried out. 

Her slamming turned into a very violent rocking and shaking, still firmly impaled on my cock. I knew she was having an epic orgasm, so I reached up and grabbed her ass cheeks, and started pumping up into her with reckless abandon. While I was hammering her from underneath, I snuck my right hand towards her little rosebud, and pushed gently with my index finger. I didn't really get it all the way in, but just that pressure was enough to set her off again, "OH...OH...MY...WHAT...FUCK YES...FUCK ME!" she cried out again. 

I was hammering into her, and just erupted. I think it was one of the largest loads ever, for me. I pulled her ass down tight with my arms, and just held her on me, as I filled her full of my cum. I fell back onto the bed, her on top of me. I held her still, as we were both panting. 

"I...could stay...like this... forever..." I tried to stammer out, still trying to catch my breath. 

"I know...damn...that was...fucking...incredible..." she got out. 

Eventually our breathing got back to normal, as we lay just holding each other. I wouldn't say that I loved this girl, but we definitely had a connection. If she were just a little older or not going away to college, I could see dating her long term. A six year age gap isn't huge, but she was just fresh out of high school. Also, being realistic, I knew that it is nearly impossible to keep a long distance relationship going, let alone one where the other person is at a college, a.k.a. party town. 

Eventually she rolled off to my side, looked over at me, and said, "DAMN. I wish I could bottle you up and take you with me to college." She punctuated her statement with a nice slow kiss. 

She jumped up out of bed, got her things on and straight, and said she had to go home for dinner. I watched her run off my porch, down the steps, and cross the street. After she had gone into her house, I took a shower. 

That night I slept like a baby. I actually had a LOT of nights like that. Seems Teri was a repressed nympho, at least, that's what I would tease her with every night. She would always nudge me or playfully hit my arm, and just roll her eyes. 

As the summer wore on, I saw a lot of both the twins, but mostly just Teri. I wouldn't say we were dating, or even boyfriend and girlfriend, but we were all very good friends. I really liked Teri, and told her so, often. She would usually just blush, kiss me and say, "I know." 

Towards the end of July, I got ambushed again after coming home from another crappy Thursday commute. The twins came running up to me as soon as I got out of my car. At least they were both wearing tank tops, which gave me a very nice treat to some nipples poking out. This day was looking better, already! 

"Heya, John!" they both said in almost unison. Yes, it still creeps me out, but I have learned to deal with it. 

"Hey ladies! Having a good day, so far?" 

"Yeah, mostly, but a LOT better now that you are here," replied Teri. 

"Yeah, we have another top secret mission for you, should you choose to accept it," Katie said, apparently trying to act like Agent Ethan Hunt. She loved her action movies. 

"Well, what is it? You guys going to wait here until this gorgeous," I pointed at Katie, "message self-destructs?" I winked at her, and of course, Teri missed the joke entirely. 

"We were thinking we should do something this weekend. Our time is running out before college, and we really wanted to enjoy our time at home," stated Teri. 

"And we figured that since last time worked out so well, that maybe you would want to do something similar with us?" asked Katie, with a wink. 

"What'd ya have in mind?" I asked. 

"I'm glad you asked. I looked up this place near the mountains, where they have a huge waterfall and a place that has a bunch of Spa services inside," she went on. "It's called the Salish Lodge, and they have very nice rooms as well as suites. There is a world class café in the lodge, as well as a few local places to eat nearby." 

"Yeah, I have heard of it. Snoqualmie Falls. I've been meaning to go, just never got around to it yet," I said. 

"Soooo, are you in?" asked Teri. I could see the hungered look of expectation in her eyes. 

"Hmm. I think I need to check my calendar to make sure I don't have something else already planned, first." I held a straight face for all of two seconds, then busted up laughing. "You guys should see your faces right now! OF COURSE, I'll GO WITH! You guys are amazing. No way I am staying home and missing out on being around you two." 

"Great, see you tomorrow!" exclaimed Katie, enjoying a chuckle at my joke. Teri, had other plans, and half-way shoved me through my own front door. 

About an hour later, when we were both enjoying each other's naked company in my bed, she cleared her throat. "John, these last few weeks have been wonderful, but I leave for college in just a couple weeks now." She seemed a bit bummed about it. 

"Teri, we've had a great summer, so far. I will really miss you when you go off to college, but trust me you will have a great time. Heck, you are so great and funny, and beautiful...You will find a new guy in no time." 

She didn't look convinced, but at least acted strong. "Yeah, you're right. Ok, time for me to run home. Good night!!" She punctuated it with a couple kisses all over my face. I gave a big hug in return. She really was an easy girl to like. I would definitely miss her, probably more than she was going to miss me. 

Sleep was trying to elude me, that evening. I had these vivid dreams of being kissed, and hugged. It was like nothing I had ever worried about before. Eventually I woke up, but after looking at the clock, realized that it was only about 2am. DAMN. Why the heck was I up so early? OK, so perhaps I was a bit hung up, on a few things. What to do? Well, the only thing a self-respecting single man would do, get up and have a drink. That would calm everything down wouldn't it? 

So, I went into the kitchen, and poured myself about three fingers of some of my best Scotch. Now, most people enjoy things like Chivas Regal, or maybe even Glenfiddich , but my favorite was actually a 21 year aged, single malt. I had me a bottle of Jameson 21 yr. aged scotch. I had never had another drink as smooth as they came, in that particular brand, anyhow. Perhaps one of these days I would like to go visit that distillery. 

After the drink, and several minutes of contemplating the meaning of life, I think I finally got tired. I got up, and went to my bed. I am not sure what it took, but I think I fell asleep rather quickly. I must have been TIRED!! I dreamt of a spy situation, where of course I was a spy like James Bond (007 for those that 'know'), and I had to rescue the damsel in distress. At the end, before I woke up, there were two women that ran along with me, fighting. I awoke, and was sad that all that I remembered was only a dream. 
