 Twins with a twist. A story without a warning.

I was telling Jenny about the anonymous feedback I'd received to a story submission. Somebody wrote to say that my "Do not read if you are less than 18 years old" statement, had put them off reading it entirely. "Too bad" she said "which story?"

I told her the one. She'd loved that story. It was one of her favorites, "shame they didn't read it but how silly." She said "that was so hot, I started to read it on the plane and had to put it away."

"I remember that." I said with a chuckle. "Squirming in your seat, that'd be a good title for a story too but maybe they're not so silly." I said.

"Why not?"

"Because the guy (or girl) made the point that if anyone had navigated that far with the intention of reading the story then such a warning would not stop them."

"But warnings on cigarette packs don't stop people smoking."

"Good point my little squirmy sex kitten but a different issue" I suggested. "Those warnings protect the tobacco companies and appease the government who keep collecting the taxes. I think the guy was right."

"Then why did you put a warning on the story asshole?" She asked with a smile.

"Because I've been programmed, that's why." Sticking out my tongue.

"Your tongue should have a warning." She walked towards me.

"If my tongue had a warning would you prevent it from entering all your orifices?" We wrapped our arms around each other and she leaned her head back.

"Hmmm, I doubt it but what would the warning state?"

"Maybe something like 'prolonged exposure to this tongue may lead to frequent orgasm'."

"I like that one but not frequent enough. What about 'do not open your legs in front of this tongue'."

"Sure Babe, that works but we should add 'unless you're at least 18 years old'."

She mock slapped me then held my face as we kissed.

"How long is it since you licked an eighteen year old pussy old man?"

"Let's see, that'd be a long time, 15 years ago maybe. And less of the 'old' please."

"Who's pussy was it?" She whispered as she moved closer. "You wanna tell me about it?"

I pulled her to me and whispered back "you wanna hear about it?"

"You know I do." She breathed. "Would you still wanna lick an 18 year old pussy? Clean shaved, sweet, smooth and ready, give her a tonguing like she never had?"

She crumbled closer to me, weakening a little into my chest, pulling against me as she tilted her pelvis my way, mouth open and inviting more kisses.

"When did you last suck an eighteen year old cock?" I asked her.

"That sort of information is only revealed on a need to know basis."

"I need to know."

"All you need to know is that it was before I met you." She grinned.

"Was it good?"

"Yesss, it was very good. It was huge and hard"

"Go on, tell me all about it."

"Oh no you don't, I know your game. I asked first."

"I'm so old that all memories of 18 year-old pussy have slipped from my mind. But, my sweet huge hard cock sucker, if you find me a new one I'll remember it all and tell you every detail." I smiled my assurance.

"If it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander."

"Jen, you surprise me, are you saying you want to eat an eighteen year old pussy too?"

"No, a COCK, jerkoff. Stop twisting my words." She laughed as she grabbed my hardening cock.

"Oh yeah? You really want to?"

"No, I was just joining in the fantasy......it might be nice though. Would you like to watch?"

"Sure Jen, I'll watch over a milky white pelvis as my tongue dips into an eighteen year old pussy. Truth is, it might be nice to watch you sucking a huge hard cock but it might also be hard to find."

"You have no idea do you? I could get a dozen 18 year old boys in an hour at the mall or the park, they check me out all the time."

"I don't doubt it, Jen, you're an incredibly good looking woman. If I was eighteen again I'd love to throw my cock your way."

"If you were eighteen I might just catch it. Only last week Linda and I had about 6 guys hitting on us at Sammy's and none of them were over twenty one."

"And....?"

"Well, I'm simply pointing out that I could get one if I wanted to. More than one in fact."

"I've no doubt you could, point taken. Do you think I could get an 18 year old girl?"

"I don't know, maybe, but not as easily as I could get a guy."

"You want to make a bet?"

"Sure, what are the stakes?"

"I dunno, we'll figure something out. I could get a hooker and make it easy?"

"Too easy." She replied.

"You don't get it Jen, you wouldn't know she's a hooker and I'd win the bet."

"Who do you think you're kidding? Of course I'd know."

Maybe she would I thought. Clearly she had the upper hand. "I don't want to do this, the challenge is off, the gauntlet has been picked up, the race is over."

"I knew you were all talk, you don't need any warning labels." She'd won this one.

"You know what Jen, I wish we didn't have to be so competitive."

"Awwww, poor baby. You always say that when you don't win."

I laughed, she was right. It seemed as if I won less than half the time but who was counting?

"Anyway, let me know if you change your mind, the time will come when you can't get it up and I'll need an eighteen year old cock to keep me satisfied."

"That's what you get for hooking up with a 36 year old going on 72." I said.

"Yeah, and here's me, 28 and cock hungry in my prime." With this she smiled and jumped me. Straddling my waist, her legs wrapped behind me, she draped herself from my neck. I kissed her as I carried her to the bedroom. We undressed without ceremony or tenderness and we fucked and sucked like rabbits for an hour or so.

When all was done and we were back down flat on our individually adjustable mattresses she blew a stray hair from her mouth and announced "Not bad for a senior citizen, we might find a few eighteen year olds for you yet. And if your cock doesn't work, at least your tongue will."

She rolled my way as we chuckled together. She kissed me before drifting off to sleep with her arm across my chest.

Nothing else was said for two weeks then out of the blue she called my office at about 2pm one afternoon "I've found a twenty one year old." She announced nonchalantly. "A really gorgeous twenty one year old." She continued.

"Male or Female Jen?"

"I'm not telling. Are you interested yet?" Here we go I thought...

"Are you making this a game Jen?"

"Yep. Do you want to know the rules?"

"Sure, go ahead, please." I needed to hear this and tried to cover my mouth to prevent the urge to interrupt.

"Well..." she began "this twenty one year old and I had coffee together. We met quite by chance. We chatted like old friends and somehow I told 'them' about our conversation. From warning labels to eighteen year olds. Maybe I did a little coming on too."

"And?" It was all I could muster and just enough to let her know that I was still listening.

"Well, in a nutshell and without getting into too much detail, we agreed that we'd like to sleep with each other and also agreed that you should be a part of it."

"Thanks for thinking of me but you expect me to say what exactly?"

"A simple 'yes' or 'no' will suffice."

"Without even knowing if it's a guy or a girl?"

"Exactly, that's the beauty of it, you get to put all your trust in me. I know it's three years older than we discussed but I'm pretty good huh?"

"But you could switch on me. You might not even have met anybody. You might get me to agree and then go hire a prostitute, male or female, whatever you fancy."

"Very clever, I thought of that. I've mailed you a letter to home. It should arrive tomorrow. Inside is the name and sex of the really gorgeous, beautiful, sexy, twenty one year old creature that I met today and also the details of how I met... let's call them 'G' and a bit of other information. If your answer is 'no', you can open the envelope. If your answer is 'yes' you can leave it sealed and believe in me. Then, when the time comes you can watch or participate so either way I'll get to see how much you trust me."

"Ok, Jen, all clear, I'll see you later." We hung up. 

She called back to tell me that if I felt inclined to say 'yes' that I should book a personal day on Tuesday as Tuesdays were the best days for 'G'.

It was impossible not to think about the situation. I concluded that I had to say 'yes'. If I opened the envelope I'd be accused of not trusting her. She knew that and she also knew the way I'd be thinking. It was also the case that I'm usually taking the lead in suggesting how we might broaden our horizons and I should have been thrilled with Jenny's initiative. Needles to say, this was to be one of those occasions that I trailed a little bit behind Jenny in the thought process.

I pulled into the driveway that evening. My neighbor Jim was just leaving with his wife and daughter plus another passenger that I couldn't quite see. This was significant to what transpired later but at the time meant nothing, a quick wave their way and I was in the house, hugging Jenny and staring into those lagoons of hers in search of more information.

She refused to reveal anything else to me that evening, even when I told her that my answer was 'yes.' She said she'd wait for my signature on the envelope.

Another day at the office and I was home early. Jenny produced the envelope with yesterday's date on it. I scribbled my 'yes' across the seal, signed and dated it. She was thrilled and told me what she expected.

I did as I was told and booked off on Tuesday. By noon I was ready for whatever might be planned and was unceremoniously ushered out of the house with instructions not to return until 1 o'clock.

When I did return the house was flooded with soft music. A trail of clothing that included two sets of ladies undergarments led from the front door to the bedroom door. This I decided was a very good sign. I approached and opened the door slowly.

The blinds were drawn and the light in the room came from about two dozen candles arranged on every available surface. Jen was sitting on the chaise lounge in the corner wearing her silk robe. Sitting up in bed was the sexiest, smiling young face I had ever seen. Long shiny black hair was swept around to one shoulder. The comforter covered her breasts and her arms held it close to her.

"This is Gabriella dear. She's a college friend of Lindsay from next door and she wants you to eat her pussy."

My mouth was probably wide open as I looked from Jenny to Gabriella. I reached out my hand, expecting to shake hers but I just held it and stared. 

"What a delightful surprise." I managed to utter.

After what seemed like an eternity I looked again at Jenny. She approached me and started unbuttoning my shirt. I let go of Gabriella's hand to allow Jenny full access. She pushed the shirt off my shoulders and as it fell down my arms, she began loosening my belt. I stared again at Gabriella, who now threw back the comforter. Her body was gorgeous, she looked so incredibly lithe and slender. Her breasts were beautifully curved The last remaining shades of small bikini triangles framed deliciously hard nipples. She had one leg hooked over the other and she parted her knees slightly to expose a totally clean shaved mound. She flattened and straightened her left leg pointing her toes in my direction. As Jenny slid my boxers over my growing erection Gabriella opened her right leg, bending it at the knee and bringing her heel towards her sex. She smiled at me as she lowered her hands between her legs and her chin towards her chest. Staring at me from deep brown eyes. Jenny leaned in and whispered to me "eat her baby, go feast. No fucking, just eat her with that tongue, she already read the warning label." 

I slid on to the end of the bed as Jenny's hand released me. I gazed up at Gabriella, focusing at first on her face and then on her sex as she lifted and separated both her long legs. 

She stared into my eyes as I slid my arms beneath her knees and began planting soft kisses on the inside of her thighs. Her flesh was so soft and smooth, hairless, tender but firm. Her scent was intoxicating.

I glanced towards Jenny as she sat beside Gabriella's face, cradling her cheeks between her hands.

Slowly but faster than in my dreams I made my way to her sex. I licked and nibbled softly around her gorgeous full lips as she lifted her legs higher and opened them wider. I planted soft kisses from top to bottom and back to the top. Her folds opened and swelled before me and I slid my tongue the length of her lips, tasting her for the first time, so sweet, so fresh. 

I rested on her clit and flicked it twice before beginning a series of circular licks with a stiff pointed tongue. I felt her head fall back and my arms came around her sides. I slipped my tongue down the length of her sex with minimal penetration just waiting in anticipation of her flowering. It came. She opened and I slipped directly forwards into her pink folds. No lateral movement yet, just long, sharp, probing jabs. She delighted in it and squealed as I delved deeper inside. Again long slow tormenting strokes, her juices had begun to flow and her inner lips were coated with the nectar of her sex. 

I gave her several long slow lapping strokes before bringing a hand down to her mound. As my hand reached her mound my tongue reached her clit and I nibbled her there as I pressed against her pubic bone from above. I felt her writhe more as she pushed against my mouth. Her hips lifted and her pelvis tilted, she was so totally ready and in need of penetration. I sucked her clit between my teeth and pulled at its roots with my lips before clamping my mouth around her sex and sucking her saturated sex into my mouth. She screamed as her hand came to the back of my head and she pulled me in to her core, harder and harder with each convulsing thrust of her orgasmic demand. 

I gave back every act that her body begged for and swallowed her nectar on every third mouth filling gush. She pushed hard as I pressed my tongue back against her clit and flicked it rapidly as she reached the climax of her orgasm. She let go with an ear piercing scream. She dragged my face into her sex again as her thighs clamped around my head. That feeling of a never ending deafness was only removed when I pushed harder again, one last step higher and one last deafening scream and shudder. She shook through it as I slowed the frequency of my bombardment on her clit, doing everything to keep her high but not enough to interrupt the beginnings of her slow floating descent back to earth.

She was landing softly. I looked at her as Jenny took her hand and embraced her. Jenny's free hand went between Gabriella's legs and she pressed against her sex as Gabriella shuddered gently through the last throes of her orgasm. 

My cock needed relief and it came initially in the form of Jen's mouth. 

Gabriella watched us through dreamy eyes, circling her own swollen clit softly and slowly with one hand. Her other cupped her left breast and gently caressed its nipple as Jenny's wet mouth surrounded my shaft.

Jenny sucked me with long, slow, slurping strokes before releasing me and whispering her "ok" for me to make love to Gabriella. I slid across the bed and snuggled into Gabriella from behind. Jenny maneuvered herself and guided my cock to the entrance of Gabriella's sex. All so easily it slipped inside her as Jenny cupped my nuts and pushed against my ass. I was balls deep in this gorgeous creature and my wife was enjoying and sharing every moment.

My hands came around to Gabriella's breasts and I caressed them as I kissed and nibbled her neck, filling my nostrils with her delicious aroma and my ears with the soft sighs of her erratic breathing.

Gabriella's pussy gripped and pulled my shaft tightly inside her. She locked around me and buried me deep inside herself. She gyrated her sex slowly around my shaft and pushed back to get the feelings in the places she needed them. Her pussy tightened around me and she pulled me with her as every nerve in her pussy demanded. We rocked together as Jenny lowered her face to Gabriella's clit. Jenny began her oral ministrations as I ploughed my way to heaven against Gabriella's gorgeous butt.

Gabriella lifted her leg to allow Jenny better access and Jenny's tongue slipped along my shaft for several strokes before settling back to suck and nibble Gabriella to orgasm. I let go of all restraint as I felt Gabriella closing in on oblivion and as she peaked I shot rope after rope inside her. I slowed gradually as Jen brought Gabriella down beautifully. As Jenny slipped away so did I. My erection wet, waning and no longer willing, my mind void of definition between reality, dream and delusion.

Gabriella fell limp and lay flat, breathing deeply, her hands flattening her breasts. Jenny traveled the length of her body and kissed her passionately as I looked on appreciatively and pondered just when we might all be able to get together again.

Within minutes Gabriella was on the opposite side of Jenny to me. Jenny hugged us both in turn. She looked at me as she lowered her hand to my cock again. Her other hand reached under the pillow and extracted the envelope with my signature on it. She handed it to me. 

Underneath my signature was written 'Do not read the contents of this envelope unless you're at least eighteen years old.' As I slid my finger under the flap she announced "Gabriella has a twin Darling. His name is Marco. We're going to meet him next week."

I hope you didn't read this if you're less than 18. 

Feedback appreciated.