 After the twins had gone home I sat down and let everything sink in, I had just had my first threesome. I had my first threesome with the twins from next door, and they had promised to return. 

I took a shower and climbed into bed. I already knew what my dreams would be about, only now I had real facts. I knew exactly what the twins looked like and felt like. I closed my eyes and drifted off.

My dream felt so real, it felt just like my cock was being sucked and licked by two mouths. It wasn't a dream, I opened my eyes to find the twins in my bed, both naked, and both enjoying my early morning woody.

I wondered for a moment how they had got inside my house, who cares, I thought, I'm receiving a double blowjob from two of the hottest girls.

I couldn't tell them apart, Dawn wasn't wearing her glasses, one had my cock in her mouth, her lips wrapped tight around my shaft as she bobbed her head up and down, while her twin was busy licking my balls.

My cock was throbbing, my orgasm was close, so I told her I was about to cum, she relaxed her throat muscles and let my hard cock slide into her throat, I groaned as my cock started shooting my load of hot cum, she had her lips tight against my crotch, swallowing every bit, gulping it down.

My cock slipped from her parted lips and she smiled, "good morning sleepy head, we hope you don't mind us breaking into your house."

"Oh I think I can overlook that"

When she reached for her glasses on the bedside table, that's when I knew it had been Dawn who had just deepthroated me.

She climbed out of bed, and told me she was going to make us breakfast, but said, "don't worry, you still have Darryl to play with."

I watched as Dawn walked out of the room, still naked, my eyes glued to her cute ass.

Darryl climbed up and straddled my face, I didn't need to be asked.

I held onto her hips and jammed my tongue right inside her pussy, licking her already wet cunt.

I looked up and could see that she was pinching her nipples, while grinding her crotch against my tongue as I worked my magic.

I sucked a finger into my mouth and than spread her ass cheeks apart and slid it in, she let out a soft moan.

I started fucking her ass with my finger, and than I brought my lips to her clit and made a vibration with my lips.

She went nuts, she was gushing her juices, she held tightly to the headboard, as I continued licking franticly.

Dawn walked in with a tray of food just as her sister had finished a massive orgasm, she put the tray down and came over to me and licked my face clean of her sisters juices, "mmmmmmmmmm, she is sweet." 

Dawn started feeding me breakfast, she said "you'll need all the nourishment you can get."

While Dawn was feeding me, she was slowly stroking my cock, just letting her fingers caress my shaft, her fingernails gently scratching up and down.

I kept on thinking that maybe I should pinch myself, maybe this was just a dream, but if it was, I didn't want to wake up anytime soon. My eyes kept looking from one girl to the other, the mirror image, it was just so hot, sharing a bed with twins.

Dawn moved the tray out of the way, she was tugging a little bit harder on my cock now. She looked into my eyes, "my turn, I want your hard cock, I want you to fuck me doggy-style."

She got in position on her hands and knees, I brought my hard cock to her pussy, she reached between her legs and guided my cock inside.

I eased my cock in, oh god was she tight, tighter than her twin had felt the night before. I grabbed her hips and thrust some more, I had about 6 inches in with 2 more to go.

She looked over her shoulder and told me "I want it all, give me every inch of your hard cock, fuck my cunt, fuck me, ram that cock inside my cunt."

I aim to please, so I started fucking her harder, pounding my cock deep inside, I slapped her ass, and she seemed to really enjoy that, so I slapped her ass again.

What happened next really surprised me, Darryl got down in front of her twin and Dawn started licking her pussy.

As soon as I saw that, there was no holding back, I emptied my load deep inside her cunt, pumping every drop I had to give.

As soon as I pulled my cock out, Dawn rolled over on her back and Darryl's tongue was licking my juices out of her in a flash, using her fingers to reach inside to get it all.

I sat back and watched as the twins than got into a sixty-nine, licking each other, fingering each other, I was in heaven, Darryl started cumming first, with Dawn right behind her, moaning, screaming, their juices flowing as they both lapped at each other, until they finally rolled apart, exhausted, but satisfied.

I looked at the twins and said, "you two are full of surprises."

Dawn said, "would you believe us if we told you that we have never done that before."

"No," I told them.

"I'm beginning to think you two have done everything, nothing could surprise me."

The twins looked at each other, and than they looked at me, and said, "well, not everything."

I looked at the two of them, "do you want to try?"

Dawn looked at Darryl, Darryl looked at Dawn, and than they both looked at me, and they both spoke at the same time, like twins sometimes do, "we want you to fuck us both up our asses."

I honestly shouldn't have been surprised by their next comment, they told me they wanted to make a video, of them getting fucked up their asses. 

They told me they would be back tomorrow, and would bring plenty of lube and the camera.

Tomorrow can't arrive quick enough for me.