 I could hardly contain myself all week, thinking about spending the weekend alone, in bed, with my sweet Jean for the first time. I hitched a ride home from college that Friday, and was lucky enough to get dropped off just a couple of blocks from Jean's house.

I knocked on her door, and she answered dressed in a very attractive, low-cut dress. "Hi, sweetheart, may I come in?"

"Of course, silly," she laughed. 

"Are we really alone for the weekend?" I asked as I walked into the living room. 

"Yes, we are," she answered, blushing deeply. I took her into my arms and kissed her slowly and deeply. "Well," she gasped, regaining her composure, "that certainly doesn't make me regret my invitation."

We went into the dining room, where Jean had prepared a candlelit dinner. She had spent a great deal of time preparing a special dinner, and it was superb. We raided her parents best wine, which gave us a happy glow, and also helped both of us relax from the tension we felt.

We went into the living room and turned on some soft music, and proceeded to sit on the couch and neck. We got pretty passionate after a few minutes, and Jean pulled away breathing heavily and flushed. "Let's go," she purred, pulling me by the hand.

She took me into her bedroom, where we lit some candles and turned off all the lights. She shared her room with her twin sister, each having a twin bed on opposite walls. "Where's Sandy?" I asked nervously. 

"Out for the weekend, probably at some wild party screwing guys she's never met," she said with disgust. "Don't worry about her, she'll be lucky to be home by Sunday night when the folks get home."

She kissed me lightly and sat me down on her bed. "Get undressed, and I'll be back in a few minutes". She shut the door behind her, and I quickly stripped. After a moment's nervous reflection, I put on my bathrobe, and sat back on the bed, trembling with nervous exhaustion.

In a few moments, Jean returned wearing a babydoll nightie that concealed absolutely nothing. I rose to my feet, and took her in my arms. "You're beautiful", I whispered huskily, and kissed her passionately. She kissed me back fiercely.

I slid my hand down to her breast and caressed it through her nightie. Jean kissed me even harder and frenched me passionately. My cock began to rise pressed between us, and to my surprise, Jean reached down, parted my robe, and began to stroke my cock. I groaned, and as my cock turned to steel, I reached under the waistband of her panties to finger her pussy. She was absolutely drenched, and moaned as my fingers caressed her.

I swept her up in my arms, carried her to the bed, and laid her down. I slipped off her nightie, then she raised her hips to allow me to slide off her panties. I slid off my robe and lay down beside her.

I gently nibbled her neck, and worked down to her nipples, where I licked and nibbled until they were hard, crinkled nubs, and Jean was moaning and slowly twisting her hips. I left her pert tits and worked down her soft belly to her virgin pubic mound.

I spread her thighs and slid my tongue into her virgin pussy. Jean let out a loud gasp, and grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face tight into her. She began to twist her hips and slide her pussy up and down on my face, gasping and moaning. I inserted a finger into her virgin pussy and began to rotate it so as to stretch it out for something more useful, like my cock. After a short distance however, I encountered an obstruction. She still had her cherry, my sweet Jean really was a virgin!

She really couldn't take too much of this, and with a sudden loud gasp, she tensed up all over. "Ahhh, ahhh, IEEEEEEEHHHHH!!!" she screamed and began thrashing and bouncing all over the bed in the most violent orgasm I had ever witnessed. She grabbed my head so hard with her thighs that I thought she would break my neck.

As soon as she calmed down a little and released her vise- grip on my head, I slowly kissed my way up to her face, where despite the fresh juice of her own pussy, she gave me a passionate kiss. "Oh God, honey, I never felt anything like that!" she exclaimed breathlessly, while reaching down to fondle my rock-hard dick. "Now put that big thing where it will do the most good!"

With that she stated to rub the head of my dick up and down her sopping wet pussy, and when she found her vaginal opening, started to pull me into her. I needed no encouragement, and slowly sank into her until I reached her maidenhead. Her hips had resumed their violent gyrations, and she groaned, "God honey, I can't stand it, put it in all the way, take me, take me now, FUCK ME, FUCK MY PUSSY NOW!"

I pulled back slightly, and plunged forward with some force, sliding through her girlish membrane with only slight resistance. She exhibited no pain, quite the contrary, she easily was hornier than before, if that was possible. "Oh damn, I never knew it felt so good! Fuck me good and hard, make me come again. Fill my pussy with your cream!"

I could hardly hold back anyway, I was so excited from finally fucking my sweetheart, and began to pump even faster, while sliding my groin hard over her clit. Suddenly with a loud growl, she began to come again. This time, to keep from screaming so loud, she buried her mouth into my shoulder. She bit me a little, but I really didn't notice. As she began to calm down, I started to come.

"God Jean, I'm coming! ARRGGGHH!"

"That's it fuck me with that big dick, fill me, I, I, I, I'm coming again too!" We kissed violently, our kisses smothering our cries of passion. My dick spurted violently over and over, until I could feel the cum running down her butt onto the bed.

We slowly calmed down, and softly kissed and embraced, gently caressing each other freely as we had always wanted. Exhausted, we fell asleep in each other's arms.