 A story inspired by and dedicated to the very sexy guy who makes my afternoons and lunchtimes so worthwhile

--------------------

Jane Lacey glanced at the clock on the dashboard, 6.02pm, she sighed heavily. It was about another 5 minutes journey to the address she was looking for, the property she was to assess for valuation. She would be 7 minutes late, meaning another highly fraught businessman to appease.

She groaned inwardly, these 6pm appointments were always the most difficult. In her many years as an estate agent, she had learnt that men who requested these late appointments where always so full of their own importance with a 'time is money' attitude. Their properties were nearly always seen as a great inconvenience – usually because they was the result of a messy divorce or a now empty parental home. They never seemed to attach any emotion to them and, furthermore, they expected her to assess the house with just a 2-minute glance, and then sell it within the week. In short, they were businessmen constantly used to getting their own way!

She turned into the road she was looking for, and quickly located the property. Another tell tale sign of the a typical businessman was parked on the drive – a sporty looking convertible - convincing her how predictable these appointments had become. Due to her lateness, she leapt from the car, grabbing her papers as she did so, almost before she turned the engine off. She opened the gate, and before she had started up the path, the door opened, "here we go!" she thought to herself, preparing for a tirade of time keeping comments. Deciding that attack was the best form of defence, she spoke quickly.

"Mr Richards? Jane Lacey – Colliers Estates – sorry I'm 5 minutes late there was an accident on the ring road". 

She was at this time only able to see a silhouette outlined in the doorframe, but she approached the door with an out stretched hand. As she got much closer, the man took a step backwards into the property and for the first time she could see him. He smiled and reached out to shake her hand.

"Not a problem Ms Lacey, I have only just arrived myself, probably caught up in the same hold up." An unexpected warm smile. "Do come in..." a pause "... and thank you so much for agreeing to such a late appointment. It must be very inconvenient for you." 

Jane Lacey almost gasped aloud in amazement –this guy was different from the norm; a businessman who had apologised to her, made no adverse comment on her slightly late arrival, and to boot, she noted with some interest, he was very attractive. Something stirred inside her, a heightened sexual awareness. Suddenly he spoke again, freeing her from her momentary daydream.

" I expect you would like to get started, please feel free to wander around. Would you like a coffee?"

"Yes please Mr Richards" Jane replied, "White no sugar. Is it ok if I start upstairs?"

"Fine. And the name's Bill!" He grinned and moved towards the kitchen.

Jane quickly moved upstairs, making her notes, taking her measurements as she went. She felt quite unnerved, and yet not uneasy in his presence. In fact, she felt quite the opposite. There was something about this man that already had started to arouse her. She wanted to learn more about him, to look into those eyes, in fact at this moment she felt completely under his spell.

Most men she met were so selfish that she dismissed them immediately, but Bill Richards? Although they had only just met, she sensed he was different, she felt an instant attraction to him, not just his looks but his manner too. 

She finished upstairs and returned to the lower rooms. Again she went around noting, measuring. She was just taking a final look in the lounge when, suddenly, she was aware of his presence in the room. She turned to find herself face to face with this extremely attractive man, his bearded face could not disguise the smile that was on his lips. A smile that seemed to reach up into his eyes, making them glint, almost mesmerising her.

"Your coffee, Mr Lacey", he said softly.

"Thank you, and it's Jane," she replied as she took the cup from him.

"Please; please sit down " Bill spoke again then paused" unless of coure you still have more to see?"

Jane moved to the sofa, "No I have taken all the details I need thank you," and sat down on the edge, tucking her legs beneath. She listened intently as he began to tell her the history of the house; his former family home. It had indeed belonged to his parents, and now it needed to be cleared and sold. Jane listened, taking in the basic details but some passed her by. This man fascinated her, he spoke with emotion about the house, and he was not the usual hardhearted creature she dealt with.

She did not want to rush this meeting; she wanted to be able to see him again. .....But how? Once she gave him the valuation that would be it. Even if he requested them to show prospective buyers around – he would not be there. Men like this were rare – Jane should know! ... She had looked for long enough.

"What do you think Jane?" Bills voice rang in her ears - she jumped inwardly – his voice breaking through her reverie. What had he asked her??????????......"Will it take long to sell?"

Jane shook herself "em ......No, I think it will probably sell quite quickly, the location helps, not to mention the character of the house". Jane's head was reeling; it would all be over in the next few minutes......unless? Jane, who up to this moment had always been the absolute in professionalism when it came to her career, could hardly believe the words that came from her own lips.

"The problem is getting the right valuation." She paused, "... this is such an unusual property, with many distinct features, that valuing it is not that easy." Jane hesitated slightly, "I wonder if I may consider it overnight and do some local searches for similar properties tomorrow? I could give you a call later tomorrow with a more accurate value?"

Jane could hardly believe she had said that, how incompetent she must appear; now he was bound to feel she had wasted his time. 

Bill spoke " That would be great – so long as you don't mind the extra work? You know as much as I want it to sell, I wouldn't want it to be sold cheaply." Jane felt so relived, and pleased, " Not at all, will tomorrow afternoon be convenient?" as she spoke she stood up to leave.

Bill rose too, "That should be fine, and thank you for being so honest".

Jane tried to hide her blushes – "honest"! If only he knew. She smiled and once more extended her hand, "It's been a pleasure to meet you Mr Richar....... , sorry ........Bill."

Bill shook her hand firmly, and replied " ah but the pleasure was all mine!" He walked with her to the door, "until tomorrow then, Good night". She smiled back at him "Goodnight" and Jane walked slowly and deliberately back down the path to her car, sensing his eyes boring into her back.

She did not turn around. Her elation started to disappear and self doubt set in. What had made her do that? And what had it achieved? All that would happen was tomorrow would be a brief telephone conversation. As she settled into the driving seat she sighed, "Oh well as least I have that to look forward to" she mused as she turned the key and drove away quickly, anxious now to get home and address this arousal she felt. She failed to see the man now at the downstairs window watching her every move.

Jane opened the door of her flat and kicked off her shoes. She moved towards her bedroom, removed her white cotton blouse as she went. Her pink lace bra, quickly followed, unzipped her skirt which fell to the floor as she threw herself down on her double bed. For a moment she lay still, naked except for her sheer black lace topped hold ups, and pink lace thong. Dreamily as thoughts of Bill Richards returned, she began to finger her pussy with her right hand; her left tweaked and pulled on her nipples; oh how she wished he was here now, his body next to hers, his hardness ready to enter her.

She had only just met this man but already he was having a powerful effect on her. She reached into the drawer of the bedside unit and took out her vibrator. This would have to suffice until ... 

She turned it on and slowly began to work it in and out of her pussy. Her nipples were hard now, her pussy juices were already flowing, and the thought of Bill near her was so, so erotic. She had never met any other man who aroused her as much as he did.

She rode the smooth vibrator harder, faster, imagining it was him she was riding. Her other hand dropped away from her breast as she sought to rub at her clit. She imagined the sensations she would feel if Bill Richards tongue was doing this to her, his beard tickling her clit, as she would grind her hips into his face. Her breathing increasing, she was so very nearly there. Her hand returned to her breasts, squeezing, as she imaged Bill licking her nipples, kissing her, holding her.

Now her movements quickened; now she rode the vibrator even deeper, imagining his cock inside her pussy. Suddenly, finally, she gasped; her back arched her juices flowed and she shuddered with a powerful orgasm. Her hand released the vibrator which slowly escaped the depths of her pussy as she relaxed. Sliding quietly from her body on a river of juices; still gently touching her nipples, and running her tongue over her lips. She drifted off to sleep, lost in her dreams of being in Bill's arms.

When Jane awoke from her dreamy slumber, her mind immediately snapped back to thoughts of tomorrow, and although she knew that a phone call was all she was going to achieve, something told her to prepare her body just in case there was the slightest chance of another meeting. 

She stood up and walked to the bathroom, removing her hold ups and thong Reaching into the cupboard, she pulled out her razor and shaving cream. 'Where to begin?' she mused before deciding to start at the top and work down. First she quickly removed the light covering under her arms, and then covered her pussy with the cream. She bent down and gently began to shave wanting to ensure it was as smooth - and as naked - as possible. She manoeuvred the razor deftly between her legs, her fingers pulling her lips firstly one way and then the other. Once she was happy she moved swiftly onto her legs and worked from her ankles all the way up to the top of her thighs. She then put the razor down, turned on the shower and stepped in.

She reached for her shower gel and body polisher. Very quickly her body was covered in a rich thick lather and her hands carefully moved over every inch of her body. She needed to be irresistible tomorrow; she needed to be ready, if the chance came, she would want to satisfy Bill's desires, and her own! She must ensure that he would want to come back for more!

She rinsed the lather from her body, and stepped from the shower and reached for the soft towel to absorb the wetness form her skin. When she was dry she dropped the towel to the floor and picked up her tub of moisturising Cream. She started at her shoulders and slowly, deliberately, covered every inch of her body with the cream. Her fingers caressed her skin as she gently massaged it in, her mind briefly entertained the thought that this would be much more fun if Bill was the one applying the cream. Maybe one day!

She returned to her bedroom and stood in front of the full-length mirror, twisting around; looking at herself from all angles. 'Excellent' she thought, hoping that tomorrow might bring an unexpected opportunity. If it did, she was her body was ready; she was ready. She walked towards her bed and slipped naked between the satin sheets, a soft smile played on her lips as she quickly fell asleep.

-----------------------------

The next day, Jane spent the morning wishing the time to fly by; constantly looking at the slow moving clock. She had decided to ring at 2.30pm; feeling that by then he would be expecting her to have his valuation.

Eventually the designated time arrived and , with shaking hands, she dialled his mobile number. She had rehearsed over and over what she was going to say, planning to end with the usual -'don't hesitate to contact me if I can do anything else for you' – in the hope that if he was interested he may take the bait.

The call began to connect, then that voice said "Bill Richards".

Jane quickly replied " Hello Bill, It's Jane here from Colliers. About your valuation, I......"

Bill Richards voice cut in " Hi Jane, thanks for calling but I'm afraid this is really awkward at the moment. I'm just about to go into a meeting with a client and their suppliers."

Jane's heart sank. She wasn't even going to get to the end of her 'speech'.

Before she could reply, he spoke again " I know this is a terrible imposition but is there any chance of meeting at the house again this evening?" A brief pause, " ..... about 6 o'clock?"

Jane could not believe her ears; she quickly composed herself, trying not to sound like a love-sick teenager. "That will be fine, no problem. I'll see you there at 6pm".

"Thank you, sorry to be difficult" Bills voice was back in her ear again "Bye for now".

Jane sat motionless, the phone still in her hand, the line now disconnected. She had her chance, maybe... just maybe.... she would get Bill in her arms? In her body? Once more she found herself watching the fingers on the clock, willing them to speed around to 6pm.

At exactly 6pm Jane Lacey stopped her car outside Bill Richards property. She took a last look in the driving mirror, 'its now or never' she thought to herself. She so wanted to impress this man; there was something so sexy about him and she was sure he would be an excellent lover...and boy was she in need of one of those!

She walked quickly up the path and rang the bell. After a moment she heard footsteps coming quickly down the stairs, and suddenly the door was flung open. Bill stood once more in front of her. "Jane! Great to see you. I am so sorry about this afternoon. I feel dreadful about bringing you here again tonight."

Jane could hardly contain the sexual excitement building inside her. She somehow managed to speak, "That's ok Bill. I was only a few minutes away for my earlier appointment". Another lie! How she didn't blush she would never know! She wanted to tell him that she would have come here at any time he wanted. Amazing what a sexually attractive man can do to a normally highly self –respecting woman.

Bill spoke " would you like a coffee..." a brief pause, a smile, " ....or can I tempt you to join me with a glass of wine?" 

Tempt me!!! Jane thought.... Yes please! .... And not just to join you in a drink....in your bed would be preferable!! Fortunately she kept those thoughts to herself!,

"A glass of white wine would be wonderful. Thank you."

Bill returned with two glasses sat them down on a low coffee table in front of the cottage style sofa on which they now sat. having taken the files from her document case, Jane started to tell Bill about her research, the valuation she had decided upon as well as the charges and services that her agency would offer if they got the property onto their books.

Bill listened intently. " Great! Well, I think I can leave it all in your capable hands now. I'm sure we can finalise the paperwork later." Jane adjusted her position on the sofa, with the knowledge that her skirt had ridden up her legs and that Bill would be able to see the tops of her black hold ups.

"Would you like another wine? Or...do you need to get off home?" Jane looked straight into his eyes. "Another glass would be lovely" then. Smiling added, " and no, I don't need to leave just yet."

Her words hung in the air; Jane feeling that maybe, just maybe, the attraction was mutual. After all, he seemed in no rush to end this meeting. She recomposed her thoughts as he left to get the wine; so standing, too she asked if she could use the bathroom. Not waiting for a reply. she made her way upstairs.

The bathroom was at the end of the long landing, and to reach it she had to pass the door to the master bedroom. As she approached a flickering caught her eye. The door was ajar; she hesitated for a moment, the took a look inside. 

Yesterday the room had been fairly bare with just a stripped double bed in the centre of the room a few items of furniture. Today, that bed was made...covered in black satin sheets...and there were small candles all around. It was their flickering that had caught her attention.

Her heart missed a beat – he had done this!! Those footsteps running down the stairs as she rang the doorbell! He wanted her! The realisation almost made her knees give way beneath her. She had to think and think quickly. How could she let him know she was interested?

Jane made her way to the bathroom and leaned against the closed door collecting her thoughts. Now she was certainly please she had spent all that time in the bathroom yesterday. She collected her thoughts and returned to the top of the stairs.

"Bill? Do you have a moment?"

She heard a movement in the lower room, and quickly moved back to the bedroom. She moved inside, standing just out of view as she heard his footsteps on the stairs. As he reached the door Jane stepped forward.

"I think someone has been planning a surprise" Bill looked into her eyes, his cheeks flushed in embarrassment. He had been caught out. She saw his mouth move but before he could utter any apology she stepped forward, leaned inwards and kissed him hard on the mouth.

His response was instant. Their lips parted and their tongues reached in to each other entwining, searching. Hands rose to hold the other as they half fell backwards into the bedroom totally wrapped in each other's bodies. Taking him by the hand she turned him and eased him back onto the bed.

Now she stood before this man, her eyes looking into his handsome face. Slowly, so very slowly she began to unbutton her blouse. She watched, his eyes seemingly locked onto the image in front of him. Her blouse fell open to reveal her favourite pink lacy bra, filled with swelling breasts, straining to be set free. His mouth started to go dry, his palms to sweat as he watched this sensual woman in front of him.

As her blouse fell to the floor as she reached behind to unzip her skirt, again just letting it fall away from her body. Now Bill could see the matching small thong, covering her sex, and the black lace top hold ups he had glimpsed whilst sitting downstairs. Her pale smooth skin almost shimmering in the flicking candle-light.

Jane lifted her leg and placed her left foot next to him. Bill raised an eyebrow and then began to undo her shoe, lifting her foot gently to remove it. Now she reached for his hand and placed it at the top of her hold up. Bill understood and began to gently roll her stocking down her smooth leg; slowly, gently, his fingers lingering at the top of her inner thigh. As he revealed her naked skin, he placed gentle kisses down her legs each making Jane emit quiet murmurs of approval.

Bills enjoyed the reaction and the perfumed taste of her ivory skin; his arousal growing at the thought of the other tastes yet to be enjoyed. He lifted her foot and removed the hold up, retaining his grip on her ankle so that he could lick between each toe and kiss them.

Reluctantly Jane lowered that foot; offering the other for a repeat process. Again Bill gently removed her shoe and the stocking; not rushing, savouring the moment, enabling both to enjoy. Eventually her right foot lowered to the floor and Jane now stood before him, simply clad in her thong and bra, watching him as he drank in the image of this sexy woman before him with his deep brown eyes.

They both could now feel the intense sexual attraction between them. Jane reached behind to unclip her bra, using one hand to subtly keep it in place although undone. She lowered the shoulder straps and allowed it to fall away replacing the cups of the bra with her hands. Staring straight into his eyes, she slowly removed one hand, watching his gaze drop as he looked for the first time at her now naked breast.
