 Please read part 1 first.

A deal is a deal Jen reminded me the next morning. 

As she licked along the underside of my hardening cock it was easy to acknowledge the accuracy of her statement. I was happy to relax without worry for work on a wonderful Wednesday.

In between licks and in her low, soft, sexy voice, she told me how cute Marco was and how she eagerly anticipated fucking him. All I could do was accept the ultimate truth that it was going to happen. There was little point in raising objections at this stage and I expressed what was intended to be my wholehearted approval. Internally it wasn’t as readily given as Jen might perceive but I knew for sure that any reservations I couldn’t get over quickly, would be a cause for problems later.

With this in mind, I encouraged her verbalization of the fantasies she held and looked for aspects of them that I could focus on and cling to. I wasn’t going to give any signs of doubt if I could help it and certainly not until she’d swallowed the load of cum that was all but ready to burst from my loins.

As I settled back into my post orgasmic lethargic and drained bliss my first question was to ask how she knew that Marco was cute…

“Gabriella left me some pictures, would you like to see?”

“Sure.”

Jenny hopped off the bed and retrieved an envelope from the top drawer of her dresser. Returning to the bed she handed it my way. She settled at my shoulder as I opened the envelope and we studied the first picture. It was the first in a series of the twins together on a beach someplace. Gabriella tanned and in a very skimpy white bikini looked drop dead gorgeous. Marco had on a pair of black shorts, the body of a swimmer, short cropped black hair and an ultra-brite smile.

“Isn’t he cute?” Jen asked as she gazed at the pictures.

“Yes, he’s very cute Darling but do you really want to fuck him?”

“Oh no you don’t. Don’t even start trying to change the agreement. You know the deal.”

“Yes, yes, alright, I know, it was a just a question, I don’t want to change anything. You want to fuck him and fuck him you shall.”

“Good. Glad we cleared that up and yes….I want to fuck his brains out.” She paused, kissed me on the cheek and whispered “and yours too.”

“Is Gabriella coming on Tuesday?” 

“Uhuh, Gabriella will be there but we’re not staying here, I thought we should maybe get a room somewhere?” Her eyebrows posed the question and it seemed like a good idea.

“Did you have somewhere in mind?” I asked.

“Somewhere nice, a big room, doesn’t matter really, I just don’t want the neighbors to see us and I especially don’t want Lindsay asking Gabriella any questions.”

“Why would she ask questions about something she knows nothing about?”

“I just don’t want to do it under their noses, she’s her best friend and we don’t need Jim and Mary asking anything.”

“All understood Jen.”

“Will you arrange the room?” she asked me as her hand roamed towards my cock.

“No problem.” It seemed like the least I could do and I decided on the spot to put some effort into it. Champagne, candles, flowers etc.

She stroked me as she nibbled my neck. As I hardened she threw her right leg over me and slid my cock along the length of her lightly lubed pussy before slipping its head between her lips and plunging to engulf me deep inside her moist, wet, warm depths. She leaned back, steadying herself with her hands against my thighs. She rode hard. She ground down into me and shook her pelvis violently but with an awesome rhythm. I played with her tits and pinched and pulled on her nipples before grabbing her ass and encouraging her rough riding.

She screamed hard as she came. She all but jumped off and on each time she slammed into me and her pussy clamped around the root of my shaft with increasing tightness. At the bottom of each stroke her lips got crushed inside herself and gave her a sensation I know she loves. I knew her head was with Marco and I was ok with it.

She relaxed forwards as she stopped moving, I felt her trembling against my chest and she inhaled and exhaled deeply through her mouth as the last waves dissipated.

“Straddle my face.” I gave an instruction, not a request.

I slid down the bed as she lifted away from me and settled her snatch on my face. She fucked my face until my mouth was overflowing with the delicious drippings of her sex. I gulped and swallowed as I pulled her ass cheeks into me, clamping her sex on my mouth and getting my face covered in her cum. Delicious as ever.

She gripped and shook the bed head. Her enjoyment became complete and she fucked my skull into the pillow as she came a second time. As usual it was an effort to breathe through the peaks of her orgasm but an effort well rewarded by the incredibly erotic sensations of being almost drowned during her sexual assault of my mouth and face.

Knowing that it’s me, knowing that she knows it’s me, is what makes it so fucking good.

I slid from underneath and moved behind her. She lifted her ass and I slid easily in to her dripping pussy. I fucked her hard like that. Pulling against her hips and seeking some kind of dominating thrill as I slammed and crashed into her. She screamed again, her back arched, her head tossed back and forth and a long guttural moan escaped her as she came again. I kept slamming her in proclamation of my ‘ownership’. Right now, on the verge of her giving herself to another man, it was what I needed and the only way I had to express myself and remind her all at once. 

“In my ass.” She whispered.

Always willing to satisfy this demand, I slipped slowly out and stroked my glistening cock across her anus before settling the head against it. I dipped two fingers inside her pussy and painted a wet ring around her sphincter. I pushed forward as she pushed back and my cock was slowly strangled into her snug sheath.

She tightened herself and pressed her chest into the mattress. On rigid thighs she held herself against my thrusting and she let me bang her ass. She screamed to get it harder and tightened still more as she came. An orgasm of volcanic proportions emptied my load into her and signaled the termination of this proceeding. She relaxed as I softened and she slowly let her pelvis settle to the bed, effectively withdrawing her ass from my cock.

I lay flat on top of her, my cheek between her shoulder blades, my cock somewhere near her knees, our breathing slowly returning to normal. She strained her neck to speak my way. 

“Ok big boy, time for your slut to shower.” I rolled off slowly and Jen scampered off towards the bathroom.

“Since when were you my slut?” I asked as I joined her in the shower.

“Since the beginning of time, it’s just today that I’m letting you in on my secret.”

“And what does it mean exactly?”

“It means that I only want to do what you want me to do and I want to do everything you want me to do.”

“Hmmmm, you want me to call the shots on Tuesday?”

“Yes, especially on Tuesday.” She made it clear.

I wrapped my arms around her and spoke into her neck as my cock pressed against her butt. The cascading water added dynamics and sensation. I lathered her front in a circular motion paying special attention to her full, high breasts and nipples.

“Jen, are you saying that you want me to tell you what to do with Marco?”

“Yes, and Gabriella.”

“You want me to tell you how to fuck him?”

“Yesss……if he fucks me like you just did I’ll be very happy.” She trailed off as she pressed back more against me and I lowered a soap filled hand to her snatch. I lathered her pussy, dropped the soap and started on her clit. Fast circling and rubbing had it exposed and vulnerable between two fingers.

“You want me to tell you when to suck him?” I paused. “And when to swallow him?”…… ”And when to fuck his face?” ……. “And when to take him deep inside your cunt like a good slut?” ……. “And when to let him fuck your ass ‘til you scream?” … “If you’ll be a good slut for me you are certainly going to be very happy when Marco fucks you.”

She moaned harder with each short question. Her orgasm hit with the last statement. The slut reference seemed to be the final trigger. Not a reference I’d used before and not a discussion we’d had before this day. My cock had hardened when we reached that point and it had to be slammed into her throbbing pussy. Jenny pushed against the shower wall with flat palms and again I held on to her hips for dear life as I pounded her now swollen twat. The cum from our earlier session appeared at her back door as my balls slapped into her ass cheeks and it dripped slowly onto the base of my shaft with each subsequent thrust. I came hard inside her and slumped onto her back once more as my legs weakened through orgasm. She washed me down and with one last long hug she whispered to me “I came five times, thank-you Baby.” 

“My pleasure slut.” Our shower was over.

She smiled at me as she wrapped herself in a towel and left the room. I dried off and lay back on the bed, flicking channels until Jen came back into the room and announced she needed to pop out. She pecked my cheek, gave my nuts a gentle shake and left.

About ten minutes later I was watching a game when the door bell chimed. I answered it wrapped in the damp towel. It was Lindsay. Our neighbor. Gabriella’s friend. Daughter of my buddy Jim. She came over occasionally for piano advice from Jen so I wasn’t completely surprised.

“Hi Mr. Webster.”

“Hello Lindsay, this is a nice surprise, what can I do for you?” I opened the door wide, motioning for her to step inside and she did.

“I was hoping to see Mrs. Webster.”

“She just popped out Lindsay, can I help with something?”

“Uh, not really. It’s a piano thing.” She looked me up and down and seemed mildly embarrassed at my semi naked state. “I really wanted to see her. Would it be ok if I come back later?”

“Of course Lindsay, soon as you see her car on the drive.”

“I thought I saw her car but thanks Mr. Webster.” She flashed a glorious smile, head tilted slightly to one side. She was gone and I was realizing that Lindsay probably saw Jenny leaving and might well have known she wasn’t home. 

I went back to the game imagining Lindsay’s sexy body filling her bathing suit last summer. We’d spent some pleasurable weekends around the neighbor’s pool. The kid next door had grown into a stunning young lady and it would be nothing but pleasurable to explore her body and fuck the living daylights out of her. The way she swayed her hips, filled her bikini, smiled in all directions and generally brightened up everywhere within a hundred miles of where she stood are just some of the things that make her special. Anyway, I briefly contemplated the logistical problems, the likely consequence that her Father would shoot me and promptly dismissed the idea of ever fucking Lindsay. I filed her visit under ‘strange happenings’.

Jenny arrived home loaded with groceries that I carried in. She had taken my car so Lindsay’s mistake was explained. I mentioned that Lindsay had been over looking for piano advice. Jennifer repeated her old line about needing an electric organ and as we were chuckling the door bell chimed again.

I left Jen to answer it and she was all smiles as she chatted and escorted Lindsay into the family room. I created things to do in the garage and as Lindsay left about two hours later, I slipped back in.

“She’s fucking Marco.” Jenny proclaimed. I couldn’t tell if she was shocked, angry or both.

“What?” I exclaimed

“You heard me, she’s fucking Marco. She doesn’t want to tell her Mother because Mary will tell her Father. Jim thinks she’s planning on being a virgin until she’s married. She can’t tell her best friend Gabriella because it’s her brother but on the other hand she thinks that Marco probably already told Gabriella because it was Gabby that introduced them. She needed to tell somebody and she decided on me. The little tramp.”

“Ok, slow down…Why you?”

“Because, she said, she uhh, she feels close enough to confide in me.”

“What now?”

“Well, the plot thickens.”

Jen patted the sofa and I sat down. She paused, took a breath, composed herself and continued.

“She asked Marco to go someplace with her on Tuesday and he told her he has other plans but he wouldn’t say what they were.”

“Oh fuck!”

“Oh fuck is right. Now she thinks he’s seeing somebody else. What a little bitch.”

“That’s the normal conclusion for the line of questioning but why is she the little bitch.” I was half smiling.

“Because she’s fucking Marco, anyway I told her.”

“What? You told her what exactly?”

“Yes, I started by telling her he wasn’t fucking someone else but I told her that you had been with Gabriella and I told her that we planned to be with Marco and Gabby next Tuesday.”

“You told her that I was with Gabby, did you tell her that you were with Gabby too?”


“Yes, shut up and listen.”

“Holy shit Jen, go ahead.”

“Bottom line is she wants to join us.”

“No fucking way.”

“Yes, way. There you have it.”

“That’s it, that’s all there was in two hours?”

“No, there were tears and talks and hugs and questions and comforting and…” Jenny trailed off. She looked at me before continuing “and we made out a little.”

“No way.”

“Yes. I was hugging her, her cheek was against mine, we just turned at the same instant and well, I don’t know, it just happened.”

“What ‘just happened’?”

“We kissed, or started to kiss, just a touch of our lips at first, almost accidental and then, well then more and I don’t know, it just happened and it got hot quickly and before I knew it we were all over each other.”

“Wow!” It was all I could say.

“If you hadn’t been in the garage we’d have been naked I’m sure.”

“Holy shit Jen, that’s wild. She’s only 21 you know, her fucking parents live next door, fuck….I’m playing racket ball with her Dad on Saturday!”

“Big deal, I’m only 28, you’re the old fuck around here!”

I half smiled her way shaking my head, she grinned back.

“Bottom line Mister is I’m going to get lucky tonight and Lindsay wants you there too. She figured out all by herself that if Gabby can fuck you, so can she and she gave you some very nice compliments.”

“Such as?”

“She said she’d noticed you had huge feet! Anyway there’s no need to go into that and your ego is big enough and I talked you up enough already. Will you go out again like when Gabby came over? Give us some alone time first? Or… well, uhh, you can stay out if you like.”

I leaned in to kiss her and offer my assurance.

“Whatever my slut wants my slut gets. Should I call a Realtor and put the house on the market too?”

Jen smiled at this and acknowledged the need for caution.

“Jim and Mary will be out tonight but it can’t be a regular occurrence. Least not for now, so don’t get your hopes up. If they ask anything she’s here for piano tuition”

“I still don’t get it though, how did you wind up making out with her?”

“I told you already. I hugged her when the tears began and started explaining what I knew and what we had done. After some initial shock she started asking questions. She got turned on. I got turned on being close to her. She asked what it was like. I told her some. Our lips met. We kissed. We touched. I showed her. She was happy to discover. It all felt good to her and then I told her what we had planned."

“So, you’re telling me she never hesitated?”

“We were both cautious at first. Then intrigued. Then eager. It was just a very passionate but brief thing.”

“Did you finger her pussy? Let me smell.”

She laughed but offered me her fingers and I took in the sweet aroma of Lindsay’s pussy.

“Holy shit! Jen, listen, maybe we shouldn’t”

“That was my reaction too and I told her so. She made it clear that she wanted to be with us, that she wanted her share of the fun and if it was ok for Gabriella and Marco that it should be ok for her too. So, I told her to think about it and only come back tonight if she was one hundred per cent certain it was what she wanted.”

“And?”

“She said she’ll be back at eight or just as soon as her parents leave.”

“Can you just go over it all again, how it all happened?”

“No, I’ve told you everything, that’s all there is, now go!”

I smiled as I stood, bent to kiss her and walked back into the kitchen. I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge, some gym clothes and headed out.

My head was full of thoughts as I worked out on a climber. The more I thought about the situation the more complicated it all became. Marco, Jennifer, Gabriella, Lindsay and me… all at once. It was a lot to contemplate. I had no issues with the girls, at least not in the simple thought of fucking any or all of them. The dilemma was the risk involved in fucking Lindsay. Hell, not even. If I didn’t fuck Lindsay, it was bad enough to be in the same room as her while anybody was fucking. Not even that. My problem was with her Father. I hadn’t done anything with Lindsay yet but to know that she was fucking Marco when her Dad, my buddy, my neighbor, didn’t know anything about it, already put me on a guilt trip. Now here I was planning on fucking her too and my wife, the fucking part time piano teacher was already into her. On top of that I’d already fucked her best friend, as had my wife and the introductions were made at Jim and Mary’s house. Holy fuck, it was all too much. I decided to call the whole thing off and I resolved to announce this to Jen when I got home. I cut my work out short and left.

It didn’t turn out that way. I arrived home to the strains of soft music and found Jen and Lindsay in a knot on the bed. It was only 7 p.m. I paused at the doorway to our bedroom. My first visual was of Jen intermittently sucking on Lindsay’s clit and deep tonguing her pussy. At the other corner of the frame Lindsay was playing Jen’s vibrator along Jen’s pussy lips and caressing her own breasts. Some piano lesson. The audio was a stereo concerto of moaning and squealing delight. I stood and watched them as my cock hardened. I waited to be seen but was in no hurry for my presence to be noticed.

Lindsay lowered her face to Jen’s sex. They slipped into a 69 and came together. Lindsay’s body was perfect. She was graceful, lithe, sexy. It was amazing to watch. I was rock hard, eager for release, willing for an invitation to participate but mesmerized in my capacity as a voyeur. They looked very comfortable together, almost too familiar.

They untangled and lay face to face. I stood further back from the door way. They wrapped around each other as they kissed. They cleared each other’s faces of stray hair and gazed at each other. It appeared more like love than sex. Words weren’t spoken but there seemed to be a deep connection between them, either newly formed or pre-existing, I couldn’t tell, but it was there. In retrospect it was more than I could imagine between two people who had no prior carnal knowledge of each other. It was intense, it looked like passion, it looked like love, it looked like two people totally at one with each other. Whatever was between them appeared so pure and perfect. It was how I thought or hoped that Jen and I might look together. I slipped away, still unseen but realizing that my life had changed. 

I started to make noise in the kitchen and within a few minutes Jenny emerged in her silk robe. She wiped her hair behind her ears as she approached me. She put her arms around my neck and pulled herself into me.

“How long has this been going on?”

She didn’t meet my eyes “Three months.” She replied.

“And Gabriella, Marco, what’s it all about Jennifer?”

She hesitated and squeezed me before she spoke. Her voice breaking “I didn’t want to share Lindsay. I fell in love with her.”

“You want to explain that to her parents or shall I?”

“No need to explain, I’ll leave tomorrow.” She relaxed her hug.
