 Jean and I awoke the next day about noon, exhausted from the previous day's wild abandon. Sleepily, we embraced. "Hi," I croaked, "how do you feel?"

"Exhausted. Happy. Sore." she added sheepishly.

"I'm not surprised," I chuckled, "instead of a prim and proper virgin, I have discovered a nymphomaniac!"

"Are you sorry?" Concern furrowed her brow, as if she thought that I would now think her a tramp for her wanton sexuality after repressing it for so long.

"Not at all!" I exclaimed. As if to emphasize my pleasure, I kissed her nipple. "I love you all the more for giving yourself totally to me." Then I kissed her deeply.

She broke away reluctantly. "Before we get all that started again, I need a shower, some food, and at least a few hours rest. My pussy is so sore, I can hardly move! After all, I'm not exactly used to all this."

"Would you like to shower together?" I suggested with a grin. She accepted with a smile, and took me by the hand into the bathroom.

Once in the shower, we lathered each other thoroughly without becoming unduly aroused, only because of our weakened condition. I shampooed Jean's hair, which she enjoyed, but I was too tall for her to comfortably wash my hair, so I had to do my own. After rinsing completely, I pulled her wet slippery form next to me and embraced her passionately.

I slowly kissed my way down her body, nibbling at her neck, sucking greedily at her nipples and round firm breasts, licking down the soft curve of her belly to her down-covered pussy. I slipped my tongue between her cunt lips and Jean gasped and pulled my head tight to her.

I quickly licked her clit and rapidly brought her to a shuddering orgasm. We shut off the water and stepped out of the shower. Jean kissed me in thanks, but in the process, got a full taste of her own pussy juices. "Humm, tastes pretty good. No wonder you like to lick my pussy!" I laughed and kissed her again.

We threw on some shorts and went into the kitchen we prepared and devoured an enormous lunch. It was great fun sitting in the kitchen sexually exhausted, fresh from the shower, eating good food and staring at my sweetie's perfect tits.

After lunch, we went into the living room and watched some TV, still worn out from our sexual excess the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about what she had said the night before about not denying me anything sexually. After all the time we had dated without sex, I still had doubts about how far Jean would go, even after the wild night we had just spent together.

My thoughts must have shown on my face. "What are you thinking?" she asked softly.

"Did you really mean what you said about doing anything sexually for me? That seems pretty wild, considering your, uh, lack of experience."

"What, do you think virgins don't know anything about sex? Or that they get horny and have sexual fantasies? I learned a lot just listening to Sandy talk about all the wild shit she's done. Hell, sometimes.." she paused, looked at me strangely for a moment, and continued, .".sometimes I would play with myself for hours, coming over and over before I could get to sleep. If you have any doubts, just ask me. I trust you not to ask me to do anything dangerous or too painful, so I just decided not to worry about it. Besides, there's a lot I want to experience, as long as we do it together!"

I decided to take her up on her offer, and question this wide-open offer. "What about kinky stuff? Would you like to be tied up?" she giggled, and nodded. "Would you like me to use a vibrator on you?" A nod. "What about doing stuff in public places, where we might me seen?" "Just don't get us arrested!" she giggled again.

"What about group sex?" "Like what?" she asked. "Would you let another girl go down on you while you sucked me?" "Sure!" she replied with enthusiasm. This surprised me, and I decided to push the issue.

"Would you let another girl eat you while I fucked her?" I thought for certain she would balk at this. "You know, I thought a lot about stuff like that. We're both pretty young and inexperienced, and if we didn't do wild stuff together, we might be tempted to cheat on each other, or resent it later that we didn't get to do something we had fantasized about. So I feel like if we do it together, it's all right, no matter if we are fucking other people, as long as we love and trust each other, and we are both participating."

The change in our relationship was mind-bending. A couple of days before, we had a passionate, but unconsummated relationship. Now we were fucking ourselves silly, and talking about doing the wildest stuff either of us had ever read, heard, or dreamed about. While I didn't fully understand it, my hormones were fully in control and ready to go along.

While I was thinking about this, Jean leaned over and kissed me deeply. She took one hand and put it on her tit (a perfect fit) and took the other and placed it on her pussy, moving it up and down. I got the idea, and began to finger her clit vigorously. She quickly reached a climax, and gently removed my fingers, lifted them to her lips, and licked off her own juices in the most erotic oral display I had ever seen. "Just a sample of what you're in for, big boy," she whispered.

I just groaned. "Do you want to fuck now, or save it for later?" I asked. She grinned wickedly. "I want to go to the adult drive-in on the north side. They are showing Deep Throat, and I want us to go. I'm going to wear a short skirt, no bra, no panties, and we're going to try everything they do in the movie!" I just grinned, more than willing to accommodate my horny honey.