 Carol lay listening in her bed to the wind and rain outside as it pounded on the tin roof of the cabin, the windows rattled and she wondered if they would break under the pressure of the inclement weather. She was desperately tired from her long mountain walk along the walking trails in the hills and mountains. As she had planned had had reached the bed and breakfast accommodation just before night had fallen. It had been a shock when she had seen the owners and she shuddered at the thought of them. Still they seemed friendly enough though somewhat creepy in their looks and manners, why she could almost call them Gothic in the way they looked. 

The cabin Carol was in seemed new and smelt of sweet resin and pine however there seemed to be the feel of age and old emotion that clung to the rooms. Naked she rose from the hot tub, the water dripping from her conical breasts tipped with large brown nipples. Her firm legs leading to the thatch of brown fur that covered her thick pussylips. Above her groin was a smooth hard stomach. Quickly she ran the towel through her brown hair and looked with her green eyes into the mirror as she cleaned her teeth and polished the lens of her glasses. She had only been able to eat a light supper before tired she had climbed into the soft bed. The sound of the storm raging outside had kept her awake for a little time before she slipped into an uneasy sleep.

Suddenly she awoke as though something had brushed past her. Startled she rose and slipped a t-shirt over her sweaty naked body. Instead of the raging storm there was an eerie silence. Carol reached for the lamp next to the bed but could not find it. Silently she padded over carpet and pulled open the door only to lead to a brilliantly lit corridor. Startled she looked about her and saw darkly polished wood lit by innumerable candles and oil lamps. Pushing back her glasses onto her nose she walked towards the sound of a piano near her.

There seemed something dreamlike about this place and she felt a strange warmth wash through her body. It was a warmth that aroused her toned body and Carol felt her nipples harden and rub with excruciating pleasure against the thin cotton cloth of the shirt. Then she was in front of the door through which she heard the delicate sounds of a piano and the low murmur of voices. 

Tenderly she opened the heavy cedar door in front of her and walked into an opulent dining room. A dining room that contained the beautiful men. They looked at her as she entered and smiled in acknowledgement of her presence. Carol thought that there was something intimately familiar about the men. One had short brown hair and wore a deep blue suit in the style of a wealthy man of the nineteenth century, the other had long blonde flowing locks and wore a dark green suit in the same style. They rose as one and walked towards her as one. 

Carol admired the lithe grace as they walked towards her. She could feel and see their well muscled bodies move towards her. The blonde man took her hand, he kissed it lightly and then sucked each finger tenderly and sensually. He looked at her as he finished and she was looking into sparkling passionate blue eyes. He led her to the cleared table where the brunette waited and he took her other hand and sucked on her thumb lustily before giving her some wine to drink.

The deep red wine slid down her throat and warmed her body even more. She felt her cunt leak with juice as they watched and stroked her gently. As she drank they watched and smiled gently at Carol. As they touched her the hands seemed to leave her skin begging for a more intimate touch. Then as one they were next to her and she felt their hands lifting her t-shirt over her head so that she was naked before them. 

Naked they held her hands away from her body so that they could admire her form. Her glasses were removed and put carefully onto the table. The blonde man reached down to kissed her, his tongue slipped behind her lips and massaged her tongue. As he did this the brunette removed his clothes and joined the two of them naked. As he kissed the lobes of her ears the other man stripped his clothes off his body. Hands raised Carol from the floor and placed her with care onto the polished walnut table. 

The blonde man parted her legs and silently he touched her breasts his eyes holding hers. She found them warm, reassuring. They held the promise of deep pleasure and she watched him touch her breasts, fondle her nipples and excite them beyond what she thought she would have ever felt before. Carol felt a naked body pressed against her back and another set of hands caress her breasts as the other man's hands travelled downwards until they were between her legs. She felt a cock rubbing against her back.

The hands of the man behind you pressed Carol slowly so that she was laying over the table. Looking upwards she looked into the eyes of the brunette and at the cock that he held in his hand. It glistened in the light the juices catching the candle light that lit their bodies. In front of her the blonde pressed his aroused cock against Carol's inner thigh. 

Then they kneel and she feels a set lips kiss her breasts and lick at her tortured nipples. Between her legs she feels hands massage her thighs, she feels her legs opened and then a tongue that licks up the juices running down her thighs. It flicks quickly over her flesh and she groans rise in intensity as loving hands and tongues arouse her to fever pitch. 

Then Carol felt a tongue push past her pussylips and delve deeply into her pussy. Carol's body shakes as she cums. Yet he does not stop and she feels the suction of his mouth as he continues to lick her pussy and drinks her cum from her pussy. As she was taken by his mouth she saw a cock move towards her mouth and then the head of a thick cock being pushed into her willing mouth. Opening wider she felt the cock touch her cheek.

Sucking at it greedily Carol tasted the salty bitter juices and meaty cock in the mouth. She softly sucked the precum from cock in her mouth with increasing passion. Then Carol arched her back as the tongue in her pussy massaged her swollen clit sending her again deep into an orgasm. As she cried out with her pleasure the cock slid deeper into her mouth and pumped in and out frantically. 

The cock fills her mouth and she glories that she is being taken in both pussy and mouth. As he thrust is cock into her mouth Carol massaged the man's cock with her tongue. She groaned as she felt the mouth at her pussy pulled away swiftly but then she felt something beginning to bore between her lips. It was his cock as she felt his body push open her legs again. 

Slowly, oh so slowly his cock pushed into her wet pussy. Then it thrusts deep into her and Carol cums again as her pussy is stretched and filled. Time passes quickly for Carol as he thrusts his cock into her pussy sending thrusts of pleasure through her body. As he thrusts into her pussy and the brunette thrusts into her mouth she feels is the touch of hands pinching and stroking her aching nipples. Her pussy pulses as she cums under the hard thrusting that his flesh gives her sensitive skin. Carol's body glories in the hard animal fucking that her body is taking and her pussy drips juice and cum onto the shiny French polish.

Her pussy thrusts against his cock as he thrusts and she sucks hard on the flesh in her mouth. Then hands hold her head as cum shoots from the cock in her mouth and she swallows the bitter liquid. It slides smoothly down her throat, a bitter, salty liquor that sprays and sprays into her mouth. The taste of meat mixing with cum that she feels sliding down her throat. 

As the brunette cums she arches her back as the heavy cock in her pussy grinds sweetly against her clit and she begins to cum again and he cums shooting his load of cum deep into you. Her pussy contracts with her orgasm and after so many pleasurable pulses through her body, she passes into the sweet blackness of sleep.

Carol awoke to the feel of the Sun on her naked skin. She lay the bed naked, her sheets cum stained and pulled away from the bed. Staggering from the room she staggered into a much needed shower before joining the hosts in the main house for breakfast. She shook her head in amazement at how cum stained the sheets were and wondered at the vividness of the dream she had last night. Dressed and refreshed she walked to the house a short distance away.

She was greeted happily by the couple who ran the bed and breakfast where she devoured a breakfast ravenously. Paying the couple for the overnight stay she saw the portraits. Dumbfounded she looked at the portraits of the two men who fucked her last night. Softly she asked who they were and was told of the the two cousins that had once a mansion here about 150 years ago that burnt down many years ago. The hosts spoke of the scandals caused by the two men, their lustful natures and the secret lover that had been glimpsed but had never been identified.

Shocked Carol began her walk wondering if she had dreamt last night or had met the two men in those portraits.

To continue as she learns the secret of her two lovers.