 You arrive ten minutes early. I haven't finished getting ready.

"The door's unlocked!" I yell from my bedroom, "Come in."

You enter and wipe your shoes. I finish putting on a touch of make-up and exit my room. I smile as I see you and give you a big hug, planting a kiss on your lips.

"Ready?" You ask.

I nod and move to the door. You follow. I lock the door behind you as we step outside. You open the car door for me and close it once I'm settled.

The drive to your home is short. I feel myself begin to get slightly wet as I wonder what you have planned. You tell me to wait when we arrive. I watch as you run inside.

It seems like hours, but was only minutes before you return and ask me to come in. I hurry inside, anxious to discover your plans. My eyes take in the light of many flickering candles around the room. Soft Celtic music plays in the background.

You guide me to the dining room. The table is set for a romantic meal. Two candles sit on the table; one at each end. A plate of hot food sits at each setting.

"It looks wonderful." I say as you pull the chair out for me to sit.

I settle myself and spread the cloth napkin across my lap. I wait until you are settled to begin to eat. The food is very good. You cook well. We chat quietly as we eat.

You clear the plates when we are finished and put the in the kitchen. You snuff out the candles and guide me to another room. The music still plays. I now smell the scent of incense. You pull me into a passionate kiss before I can take in everything.

Our tongues dance and your hands roam over my back. You break the embrace and caress my cheek. You trail your fingers down my neck and over my shoulders. Shivers race down my spine at your touch. The moisture between my legs begins to build again.

You smile playfully and continue to let your fingertips roam over my shoulders and down my arms. I inhale quickly as each wave of tingles makes its way down my back. It only makes you smile more.

You lean in and kiss me again. I love it. My arms wrap around you and pull you close. You break the kiss and move to my neck. Lightly kissing at first, then nipping playfully, you tease me. The kisses and nips continue and move to the other side of my neck.

The shivers are constant now. I am in heaven but the real fun has yet to begin. You guide me to the sofa nearby and make me sit. I am very happy to do so and didn't know how much longer I could have remained standing.

You sit next to me and wrap an arm around my shoulders. I turn my head and smile. Your free hand rests on my knee. Slowly and lightly your fingertips move up my leg. The tingles return and continue their races along my spine.

I do not notice when my skirt is lifted and pushed higher. Your fingers trial up the inside of my thigh, making me squirm a little. You laugh quietly as you watch my reactions. My panties are now wet. I can feel it.

You remove your arm from my shoulders. A finger under my chin turns my head toward you. I stare into your eyes and try to breathe normally. I am unable to as your fingers move higher up my leg.

I gasp as your fingers reach the top and trace the edges of my panties. You kiss me deeply as your skilled fingers persist in their teasing. My eyes open for a brief moment and I notice your arousal.

My hand move to the bulge in your pants and very lightly races it. You moan quietly at my first touch. I barely notice as you slip a finger under my panties to play with my hot, wet slit. I gasp again as you touch my clit. My hand tightens on you, making you gasp as well.

Reaching over with my other hand, I unfasten your pants. You pause to let me shift to a more comfortable position. As soon as I'm settled your fingers return. They decide that my panties are in the way and proceed to remove them. I feel the same about your pants and do the same.

My finger traces your firm cock through your boxers. Your finger has found my clit again and is lightly massaging it. I cannot concentrate on anything else. You make me feel so good. My breathing begins to increase pace.

I manage to get my fingers under your boxers and wrap them around your cock. My hand starts to move at the same pace as your fingers. Up and down your shaft my hand moves; touching your most sensitive spot for only an instant.

You withdraw your fingers and bring them to your mouth. Your tongue slowly licks my juices from them, savoring my taste. Once cleaned, you return them to my hot tunnel. My hand has not left your cock. I squeeze gently as I move up and down. I squeeze the tip when I reach it.

Your fingers withdraw from me again. You lick them clean. Gently moving my hand aside, you remove your boxers and shirt, tossing them aside to land near my panties. The rest of my clothes disappear as well. The cool air across my nipples hardens them.

Smiling, you take one breast in your hand. Your thumb massages my nipple while your other hand teases my clit. I moan softly as I feel my climax begin to build. Noticing this, you increase your pace on my clit. I am breathing very heavily now.

Just before I explode, you stop. You continue to fondle my breasts. You lean in and take a nipple into your mouth. You tongue swirls and dances around it, flicking across it occasionally. I begin to stroke your cock again. You moan as I take your balls into my hand and massage them carefully.

Wrapping an arm around my back to support me, you lay me back on the sofa. My head rests on a pillow against the arm. You take your arm from behind my back and spread apart my legs. Your skilled fingers return to my slick pussy. 

I reach for your cock and find it. Up and down my hand moves. You play with my clit again. I guide your cock to me and rub it over my wet slit. You rub the tip on my clit, making me moan and raise my hips, begging you to give me release.

You move your cock lower along my slit. I raise my hips again. Finally, you part my swollen lips and push in. You start off gentle, going deeper with each thrust. My hips meet each thrust and encourage you to go faster.

I moan as I feel your cock fill me. It feels so good. You move my leg farther to the side to give you easier access. I do my best to open them wide for you. I love to feel you inside me.

Your pace increases. You begin to thrust harder into me. My clit is rubbed by your cock moving in and out. You pull out almost all the way and the slam back in. I raise my hips to meet you each time.

Soon, I feel my climax build again. I almost scream as the waves wash over me while you continue to pump in and out. My pussy walls massage your cock as my orgasm flows over my body. Your balls tense as you prepare to release. 

You thrust into me roughly, one last time as your cock shudders and starts to shoot hot cum deep into me. You moan as you release. Spent and breathing heavily, you lean down and kiss me. Your tongue parts my lips to entwine with mine. 

Gazing into my eyes, you smile. We lay there together, catching our breath. I still feel you inside me as we lay there motionless. I smile and know that this was an evening to remember always.