 PAMELA

In chapter one I told you about my time with Carla and briefly introduced Pamela. This chapter is a story about my time with Pam. I used to hear terms like Sport Fuck or a Fun Fuck. I can tell you that Pam seem to fit those tags. I think she liked to have sex as a sport and she was fun to be with even though a bit kinky at times. Pam was definitely the most adventurous lover that I had had to that point. She liked to take risks and seemed to thrive on the possibility of getting caught. She was engaged to be married and the idea of her fucking around on her fiancé seemed to turn her on. 

As I stated in Chapter One, Pam worked in a different division in our company and I met her one night at the watering hole. I walked in and sat down at the tables that others had pushed together and Pam sat right next to me. I had seen her in there before but I had never actually met her before that night. I introduced myself to her and she was definitely hot to trot. I couldn't help but notice her engagement ring but that didn't keep her from coming on to me. Some of the people at our tables started dancing and I asked her if she would like to dance. She enthusiastically accepted and within seconds we were slow dancing on the dance floor. She held me tight and pushed one of her legs between mine. You couldn't have passed a ray of light between our bodies, that's how close we were to each other. My cock stiffened in my pants and it rubbed along Pam's thigh. She clearly felt it and moved her hips even more seductively and rubbed against my cock.

When a faster song came one I suggested that we take a short break. Not that I don't like to boogie but my pants were straining against my boner and I was thirsty. We returned to the table and I poured us a glass of beer from the pitcher. As we were talking and drinking, Pam asked me if I could give her a ride home as she had come to the bar with her girlfriend who already had left. I agreed and we finished our beers and then I took her home. When we got to Pam's apartment she invited me to come in which I thought was odd because she was engaged. Once inside she offered me a drink and then we sat together on her sofa. She smiled and said softly.

"You know I could feel you against me tonight when we danced."

"Yes, well we did dance pretty close and I could feel your body as well."

"I meant that I could feel your cock rubbing against my thigh. It was obvious that you were happy to be with me."

"I enjoyed dancing with you Pam. Where do you want to take this? Would you like to have my cock?"

I reached for her, pulled her toward me and we embraced and kissed. Pam ran her tongue deep into my mouth and I thought that this was one hot lady. I rubbed her tits through her blouse and she stroked my erect cock through my pants. I unbuttoned her blouse and removed it from her body then I unhooked her bra letting her medium size firm tits spill into my hands. Suddenly, I thought about her fiancé.

"What about your fiancé? Is he coming here tonight?"

"Not unless he calls first. He used to come over unannounced but many times I wasn't home. I told him to call first and I didn't like having to explain where I was that night."

"He is okay with that?"

"Yes, he has to be. Can you guess what I was doing the nights I wasn't home?"

"I bet you were getting your horns scraped."

"Right, and I need them scraped again." 

We resumed kissing and I played with her tits and nipples. I moved my mouth down to suck on her tits. As I sucked on her tits and nibbled lightly on her nipples, I unbuckled her belt and slid it off her slacks. I unfastened her slacks and unzipped them. I stood up off the sofa and I pulled the slacks down and off her legs. She didn't resist at all in fact she lifted her legs to help me. Next, I hooked my fingers in her panties and slid them down and off her legs.

"Oh my, I think that you like me." 

I leaned in to kiss her creamy thighs. She gasped aloud at the touch of my lips to her naked skin. I could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her pussy as my face moved closer to her crotch. I lifted her legs to my shoulders and kissed her inner thighs just below her pussy. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands to control my head. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Pam was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily and she consciously relaxed her grip on my head. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. She cried out and grabbed my head again holding it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. She was really excited as her erect clit looked like a teeny dick sticking out. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh my God, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold tight." 

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the sofa. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Pam slowly calmed after her intense climax and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As we lay on her sofa I continued to kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you! You really know how to eat pussy."

Pam watched me as I stood up, pushed my pants down to my knees and my rock-hard cock leaped out. I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the sofa and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 

"Oh yes, oh that feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck me." 

I slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to my size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until I was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"You dick is so much bigger than my Bobby, I love it."

I pounded her pussy making sure that my cock was in constant contact with her clit. Pam had multiple orgasms as I fucked her. She had small firm tits with rock hard nipples that extended a ½ inch when excited. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in my mouth. 

"Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good! I want to do everything with you." 

I could feel my balls start to tighten and I knew it wouldn't be long before I filled her pussy with my cum. Pam stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

"I want to see you shoot. I want you to cum on me. Aim it at my face."

I felt my balls tighten and I knew I was close. I pulled out of her pussy and stood above her as I started to cum. I aimed my cock at her face and fired streams of cum at her. The first couple of streams hit her hair, face and neck and ran down over her tits. Then as my ejaculation slowed, ribbons of cum covered her abs and pubes. She called out with her voice cracking from her desirous state.

"Oh look at it all. Cream me, cover me with your cum." 

Pam rubbed my seed into her skin as if it were body lotion. Then she scrambled to a sitting position and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked me dry as she gently squeezed my balls. I finally couldn't stand any longer so I flopped down alongside of her on the sofa. Just then the telephone rang. Pam answered the phone as I sat on the sofa. 

"Oh, hello dear, yes I just got home. No, it's not too late to come over. I'll see you in in about 20 minutes."

I was already in the process of getting dressed when she hung up. She leaned to me and kissed me and then said. 

"You have to leave now, Bobby is coming over."

"I gathered that. Thank you for a great evening."

"Will I get to see you again?"

"If you like, sure, I like being with you."

I walked to the front door and she quickly got up and followed me. She stood in her doorway naked and kissed me goodnight as I left. It was as if she wanted to be seen naked. She closed the door behind me and I could hear the lock being turned. I thought that was strange but I would learn that was Pam. She liked to live on the edge.

OTHER TIMES

One other night before dancing at a popular lounge, I followed Pam home so she could drop off her car. We had a good time dancing and we enjoyed the group playing at the lounge. Afterward I drove her back to her apartment and she had me park in a secluded part of the lot.

"I think Bobby is spying on me. Let's stay in your car tonight, just in case he is here. Since we can't go into my apartment let's have some fun here."

Pam said as she reached for my belt buckle. She unbuckled my belt and then unfastened my pants. I lifted my hips and she pulled my pants and underwear down below my crotch. My erect cock caught in the waistband of my underwear and then bobbed in front as it cleared the elastic. That seemed to turn her on and she whispered as she reached for my cock. 

"Oh ho, someone is happy to see me." 

Pam then lowered her mouth to my cock and deep throated me taking as much as she could on her initial descent. She had a marvelous technique of swirling her tongue around my cock while it was in her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down on my cock and I felt my orgasm building in my balls. I warned her that I was about to cum. Pam sucked my cock with enthusiasm as she tickled my balls and perineum. I felt my semen travel the length of my cock and shoot into her mouth. She sucked and swallowed as fast as she could, not missing a single drop of cum. She kept sucking me keeping me hard long after I finished cumming in her mouth. 

"I need to sit on your dick. I get so excited sucking cock."

We scrambled into the backseat of my car and Pam reached under her skirt and removed her pantyhose and panties. Then she straddled my cock and serviced herself. I was pinned to the car seat so she did all the work. She rode my cock through multiple orgasms until I came again. She eventually stopped moving and placed her head on my shoulder as she became calm after cumming several times.

"I better get inside it's getting late. Wait until I am inside the apartment before you drive away."

She got out of the car and just carried her pantyhose and panties with her. I watched as she walked across the parking lot and I envisioned cum running out of her pussy and trickling down her inner thighs. I wondered if her fiancé was there would she kiss him with the taste of cum still in her mouth? Would he eat her pussy with my seed still in her? I would never know but it was fun to speculate. 

Pam and I saw each other once a week for the next several months. She seemed to like to take chances and we had sex in public places a couple of times. Once I had to drive her to pick up her car at the service center and it wouldn't be ready for another hour. Instead of waiting in the customer waiting room we fucked in the back seat my car in the dealership parking lot. Another time she sucked my cock and I ate her pussy in her boss's office while he was out of town. Once we fucked in the exercise facility at her apartment complex and then fucked again in the steam room. Pam was always talking about getting caught as she seemed to relish the adventure.

ROMANTIC INTERLUDE

One day Pam called me and asked me to meet her that evening at a romantic interlude not far from the office. I agreed to see her and drove over to the place. It was my first time at one and the parking lot was very secluded. She had given me the room number and I spotted her car in the stall next to the room. Pam answered the door and she was dressed in white panties and a brown sweater bra. I had never seen a sweater bra before and it was kind of sexy. She told me to come in and then she turned and walked back into the room. As she walked away from me I looked at her big round ass and fleshy thighs. Pam was a little heavier in her ass and thighs than I normally liked but I had not paid much attention to it before that night. As I looked at her big round curvy ass I decided to fuck her ass that night. I walked in the room and she began unbuttoning my shirt. 

"I can undress myself."

"But it's more fun when someone does it for you."

Pam unbuttoned and removed my shirt. Next, she kissed me and worked her way down my body kissing my chest down to my waist. She unbuckled my belt, unfastened my pants and pulled my pants down my legs. I slipped off my shoes and then lifted one leg at a time so that she could pull my trousers off. She then removed my socks before returning to my underwear. My cock was rock hard in my briefs and she ran her hand over the outline of my cock. She looked up at me, smiled, hooked her fingers in the waistband of my briefs and slowly pulled them over my pubes. She made sure that my cock got caught in the waistband as she seemed to like to see it spring out. She pulled my underwear as far down as she could without freeing my cock. Finally, she pulled the briefs clear and my cock sprung out into her face. She smiled as it bobbed in front of her.

"I can see that someone is happy to see me again."

Pam then pulled my briefs all the way off and I stepped out of them. Then she surprised me by standing up and going over to the bed. She flopped down across the bed and began watching television. There was a porn channel in the interlude and she called out.

"Oh, look at this."

I was having none of that and I didn't need to watch porn to get in the mood to fuck her. I walked over to the bed and I grabbed her panties and yanked them off her body. I left the sweater bra on her as she actually looked sexier partially clothed. I lifted her up by her hips and I ran my tongue along her pussy lips. Pam cooed as my tongue found its way into her pussy and then located her clit. I spotted some lotion in her bag next to the bed so I took it and put a lot of it on my hand. I rubbed the lotion into the crack of her ass and then I slipped a finger into her bottom. I began to finger fuck her ass with my index finger and then I pushed my middle finger and ring finger into her pussy. I finger fucked her pussy and ass at the same time with my three fingers.

"Oh that feels good. Imagine what a tongue would feel like in there. I douched my pussy and my ass tonight in case you want to put your tongue in there."

It had been awhile since I rimmed a girl's anus but I was in the mood for some anal sex and I went for it. I grabbed her fleshy ass cheeks and pried them apart so that I could get a good look at her rosebud. I ran my tongue around the rim causing her to gasp. I moved my tongue from her ass to her pussy and back again driving her wild. True to her word, her ass was clean and smelled fresh. She began cumming and her hips rotated as she moved her big ass around. I fastened my mouth to her pussy and clamped onto her clit. She screamed in orgasm and then her body flattened on the bed. I was about to shove my cock in her pussy when she rolled over and raised her legs back to her shoulders.

"I want you to fuck me like this. I want my legs on your shoulders as you drill me with your cock."

I got up and stood on the bed and lowered my cock into her pussy. Pam placed her legs on my shoulders and I leaned forward over her. I placed my hands on the wall above her head for balance and I drilled her pussy from above. I fucked her hard and fast and she was really into this position. I felt as if we were filming a porn movie. I had never fucked anyone in this position before but I was getting into it and I let her have it. She was groaning and moaning as she had a string of orgasms as I pounded her pussy. I was about to cum and she told me to cum on her again. I pulled out, stood over her and stroked my cock aiming it at her body. Seven streams of semen landed on her face, hair, neck, sweater bra and abs. She was coated with my seed. 

My cock stayed hard and I was ready to take her ass. I pulled her toward me, our bodies meshed together and I felt the wetness from my semen. I lifted Pam's sweater bra off her body and rubbed her sensitive tits. I asked her.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" 

"Yes," she admitted, "But with Vaseline, you have to lube me especially with your thick cock."

Vaseline was not my favorite lube but she insisted. It was a healing substance as well as a slippery one. I smiled at Pam and put her on all fours. She turned her body so that she could watch herself in the mirror. She was sideways to the mirror on all fours when I began to grease up her nether hole. I applied the Vaseline to her ass. I fingered her with my little finger first than a larger one and finally my thumb with my middle finger stroking her enlarged clit. Pam raised her hips slightly so that I could get to her pussy easier and by doing so she accentuated her big shapely ass. My thumb was snug in her ass and my cock was throbbing again.

"Are you getting me ready for your big cock?"

Pam asked as she watched us in the mirror. I answered her by removing my thumb, kissing my way down her arched back as I fondled her curvy buttocks with my hands. I planted kisses on her ass cheeks and tickled her pink hole with my tongue. She gasped out loud as I rimmed her again that night. She wiggled her ass and told me to keep tonguing her bottom. I lifted her hips up a little higher and gently spread her ass cheeks wider and lapped around her nether hole. I penetrated her rectum with the tip of my tongue and I heard her breathing become shallow and labored. I slipped my tongue in as deep as I could and she went wild. Her body shook with convulsions as she had yet another orgasm. I held on to her hips with my tongue buried in her ass as she bucked and trembled. I moved behind her and eased my cock into her well prepared ass. Pam had totally relaxed and it took her awhile to realize that the head of my cock was now in her ass. 

"Not too deep at first it's been a while and you are the biggest to go there. Let me get used to it and then you can go deeper but slowly."

I fed it to her a little at a time probably no more than a quarter or half inch. Each time I allowed her to adjust to the thickness and deepness of the penetration. It seemed like hours before my cock was fully lodged in her ass. Once I thought she was comfortable I started fucking her ass, first with short stokes and then longer ones.

I was so turned on as I watched my cock saw in and out of her big round ass. She had her head turned to the side of the mattress and she was gripping the bed sheets with both hands as I fondled her shapely buttocks. I spotted the engagement ring on her hand as she gripped the bed covers. I wondered what her fiancé would say if he could see her now with a big cock up her ass. I could feel myself on the verge of another big orgasm and it felt like it started in my toes. All of a sudden it let loose and I filled her rectum with cum. My cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it blocked my seed in her rectum.

I kept slowly fucking her ass until my cock started to soften. Her sphincter involuntarily was milking my cock draining it. When my cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop, cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like she was shooting out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the bed and I lay down alongside of her. We were drained and exhausted. I stroked her buns lovingly as we lay quietly. She whispered to me.

"You made it very enjoyable. Will you be able to fuck my ass again before you leave?" 

After we rested I was able to fuck her ass again but it took a very long time for me to cum. I did manage to shoot my third load of the night into her ass again. Pam told me that she had never felt so submissive and it was a feeling of giving complete control to someone else. She thought that being fucked in the ass was the ultimate in submission and she felt totally dominated. 
