 ***Disclaimer. This is my first ever erotic story. Please let me know what you think and if you'd like me to write another!***

*****

I laugh, taking a shot, grimacing at how strong the alcohol is. Claire sits back, looking smug as I have to drink the tequila for failing my dare. It's late in the evening and we've been drinking for a while. What started as a casual evening in our flat has quickly turned into us both getting wasted.

I take a sip of my wine to get the taste of the tequila out of my mouth a little. "My turn now," I smile mischievously. "Truth or dare?" 

Claire pauses for a moment. "Truth."

I sigh, disappointed before a thought crosses my mind. "Ever wanted to have sex with a woman?"

Claire laughs softly. "Honestly? Yes I've thought about it... it makes me horny. I've always thought it would be extremely hot and I've always wanted to try it." She bites her lip. "Several times I've thought it would be good to try it with you."

I'm surprised. I hadn't expected her to have thought much about it, let alone with me. "I mean, I've thought about it too..."

An awkward tension fills the air before the doorbell cuts through it. We look at each confused before remembering we had ordered a pizza. I get up to answer the door, asking the man to come in while I looked out some money. He does so, a little awkwardly and I leave him in the living room with Claire. I smile a little thinking how if we had met him in a club, Claire would definitely take him home. He's just her type, and mine too; tall, the good kind of muscular, dark hair, blue eyes; I would probably fight her for him, he's hot!

I come back in the living room and smile as I see Claire in her typical flirting pose, leaning against the door frame, her body perfectly angled to show off all her carefully gym-honed curves, her blonde hair draped over one shoulder. The delivery guy looks equally interested in her; very few men wouldn't be.

"Hey, why don't you stay a bit and play truth or dare with us?" Claire asks him, twirling her hair in her hand.

"I... I mean... you were my last delivery I guess" He smiles, looking to me to see if I'm okay with the idea. I smile my approval back at him, "the more the merrier."

"I'm Sam," he introduces himself as I pour him a drink. "Alex" I smile, handing it to him. I grin to myself as I notice him checking me out as I move back to my seat. I don't mind, I work hard for my body to look good so I appreciate when men find me attractive. My dark brown hair falls in curls to my chest, I'm tall, toned and slim, but have DD tits, something I'm very proud of.

The game continues for 15 minutes or so in a relatively calm way before Sam changes the tone. "I dare you two to kiss" he says with a grin on his face. "You live together, you must know each other pretty well."

"Not that well!" I laugh.

"Not yet!" replies Claire as she moves next to me on the sofa. I smile, aware of how closely Sam is watching us as we lean forward, at first our lips just softly brush before we both deepen the kiss. Claire pushes harder against me as my tongue brushes her lips, parting them for my tongue to plunge in to her mouth and play with hers. I push one of my hands into her hair as we make out intensely, shifting on the sofa to face each other better. I hear Sam moan quietly and break off the kiss, leaning back and taking a breath. "Enjoy it?" I laugh softly, gesturing towards the obvious bulge that has formed in his pants. 

"Who wouldn't?" He replies, smiling. "Two extremely hot girls making out with each other... I could watch that all day."

"Maybe you don't have to just watch, you could join us?" I say, patting the space on the sofa between us. I check Claire's reaction to this; she grins and moves back slightly to give him more space.

Sam bites his lip, "I was waiting for you to suggest that," he moves between us, leaning back against the sofa and putting an arm round each of us. He leans towards me and kisses me briefly, before turning and kissing Claire. He then pushes us together and we kiss again, our tongues playing together as we kiss more intensely than before. While we kiss, I feel Claire's hand moving to Sam's crotch and I do the same. We both stroke his cock through his trousers, loving the feeling of it growing, knowing that it's because of us. 

After a few minutes Claire breaks our kiss, quickly kissing Sam before speaking to him, "Want a show?" She grins. Sam just nods and Claire stands us, gesturing for me to follow her. We stand in front of Sam and Claire immediately pulls my tshirt off over my head and throws it at Sam. I gasp slightly at how brazen she is before she quickly comes and kisses me again, her tongue easily sliding into my open mouth. Her hands move to undo my jeans, loosening them off before she undoes her own. As soon as she has her jeans loose I slide my hand into her jeans, softly stroking her pussy, moaning when I feel how wet her panties are already. I break our kiss and slide onto my knees, pulling her jeans down with me. She steps out of them before pulling me back up. "Join in" she says breathlessly to Sam.

Immediately he stands up and moves behind me. One of his hands moves to my bra, feeling mg tit through it while he dives his other hand into my panties. I gasp as I feel his fingers at my slit. He deftly uses his fingers to stroke and rub my clit. I lean back against him, my breathing getting heavier. Claire leans forward, her arms wrapping round my body to undo my bra, she pulls it off leaving me standing there completely naked. I gasp even louder as Sam starts rubbing and pinching my nipple before moving to the other.

"God you're so wet" He whispers in my ear. I moan in response as he slides a finger into my pussy, slowly fucking me with it. 

Claire stands in front of us, fingering herself as she watches. "Come here" Sam tells her and she does as he asks, moving beside us to kiss him. He doesn't slow his hands on my nipples and in my pussy as I watch them make out over my shoulder. I gasp even louder as Claire moves a hand to the unoccupied nipple, pinching and rubbing it. "Oh fuck!" I moan, making them both laugh at the pleasure they're giving me. Claire slides her other hand into Sam's jeans, stroking his cock. He moans at her touch, quickly sliding a second finger into my pussy, speeding up his rhythm as his thumb rubs over my clit.

All too soon, Sam takes his hand out of my pants, putting his fingers into my mouth for to taste my own juices. He moves away from us and sits on the sofa. "I bet two girls give a better blowjob than one" he grins widely. Claire and I smile at each other before we both kneel on the floor on either side of him. Working together we quickly pull his jeans and boxers to his ankles. "Oh my god" We both gasp, our eyes widening. "You're huge" I say, licking my lips. "We're going to get a good fuck tonight!" Claire laughs, her hand quickly grasping his cock and pumping it. Sam moans and leans back, watching her as I lean forward and lick his shaft, watching him smile. I take his cock in my mouth and start to bob my head up and down his thick shaft. Claire's hands move to his massage his balls as she leans her head forward and starts to lick his cock whenever it's not in my mouth. We work together, and judging by the sounds Sam is making, we're good at it! Suddenly I feel his cock twitch in my mouth and his hand wraps into my hair and pushes my head down on his cock as he comes, forcing me to swallow his cum. I swallow all of it, then I kiss Claire again, letting her taste him on my tongue. Sam watches us, stroking his cock to get it hard again. 

Claire sits on the sofa and kisses his neck "Want another show to make you hard?" She asks teasingly. Sam thinks for a moment before smiling broadly. "Why don't you two sexy ladies take it in turns to eat each other out? I can see you want to."

I bite my lip, definitely feeling very wet at the idea of eating Claire's pussy and having her eat mine. "You first?" I ask her, smiling at her obvious arousal.

I pull her up to her feet, quickly stripping her to her underwear before pushing her onto the sofa beside Sam. I kiss her, making my way down her body before kneeling between her legs. I lean forward and run my tongue over her panties, teasing her. "Take them off" she begs. I smile, loving how desperate she is for me to eat her out. I grip her panties with my fingers and slowly slide them down her legs, before giving them to Sam. I push her legs apart, until they're on either side of me. I kiss the inside of her thighs, pausing briefly when I realise: "I've never eaten a girl out before."

"Just do what feels right," Claire encourages, her breath catching. "Do what you like guys doing to you when they..." Her voice is muffled as Sam's tongue slides into her mouth, the two of them kiss passionately, both turned on at the idea of me kneeling between her legs. The sight of their tongues playing together turns me on, giving me newfound confidence as I lean forward, licking her slit. I then move my mouth to her clit and suck on it gently, the sound of her moaning into the kiss with Sam making me even hornier. I replace my mouth with my thumb and finger, gently rubbing and pinching her clit as I plunge my tongue into her pussy, eating her out gently. I can still see them making out, Claire's hand pumping Sam's cock as they both moan into the kiss. I suck on Claire's clit as I pump two fingers into Claire's dripping wet pussy. Suddenly I hear her moans get louder and her body stiffen as she orgasms. I move my mouth back to her pussy and lick all of her juices as she grinds herself against my tongue. "Oh yes! God yes!" She cries out in pleasure before sinking back against the sofa to catch her breath. I sit back, proud of the affect I've had on her.

Sam takes control again. He moves Claire so she's lying on the floor, then moves me so I'm kneeling over her between his legs. He wraps his hand in my hair as brings my mouth to his cock again. "Claire, eat her out while she sucks me off" he instructs. I dutifully take his cock in my mouth again, gasping as I feel Claire wrap her arms around my thighs and pulling me onto her face. Her tongue immediately plunges inside my pussy and I moan against Sam's cock. He keeps his hand on my head, controlling the speed and depth of the blowjob as he leans forward to watch Claire. I grind myself softly on Claire's tongue as she eats me out. Her tongue feels amazing, she knows exactly what to do and where to hit. Her hands grip my thighs tightly, holding me in place as if I needed encouragement to stay sitting on her face. I can feel myself building to an orgasm as I deepthroat Sam. He forces my head down until I gag, then releases, continuing the rhythm. "God I want to fuck both your brains out" he grunts. The two of us can only offer muffled moans in response. 

Claire moves a hand to my clit and furiously rubs it. Immediately this pushes me over the edge and I orgasm, moaning loudly against Sam's cock. Claire continues tongue fucking me, flicking her tongue even faster to intensify my orgasm, licking all of my juices. 

Sam releases my head, pulling me beside him on the sofa for me to catch my breath. He pulls Claire towards him, kissing her again. "Mmm you taste good," he grins. He grabs me again, pulling my leg over his body so I'm straddling him. He grips my hips, holding my teasingly above his cock "You want it?" he asks.

"God I want it so badly" i say, breathing heavily between every few words.

"You want what badly?" He teases.

I lean forward and kiss his neck before whispering in his ear; "I want you to fuck me. I want you to pound that giant cock of yours into my tight little pussy and make me scream."

"Good" he groans before pulling me down onto his cock and holding me there. I gasp at the sheer size of it inside me. He kisses me roughly, his tongue pushing inside my mouth, as his hips buck underneath me, bouncing me on his cock. "Oh god, fuck, yes" I moan as he hits my g spot. Claire lies beside us, fingering herself with one hand while she wraps the index finger and thumb of her other hand around the base of Sam's cock, stroking him whenever he bounces me. I grind my hips, getting him to hit my pussy deeper than anyone had managed to hit before. He lowers his head, taking my nipple into his mouth, sucking it roughly, lightly pinching it with this teeth. I twist my hands in his hair, keeping his head at my tits as I bounce myself on his cock. "They're so big baby" he moans before moving to the other nipple. "God they're all yours," i say breathlessly. "My body is all yours." This seems to turn him on and he bounces me harder and faster than before. 

Suddenly he stops, pushing me backwards on to my feet and turning my around. He then pulls me back onto his cock so I'm reverse cowgirling him. He encourages Claire to straddle him, facing me. He pulls me back so I'm leaning against him so he can watch over my shoulder, then he wraps his arms around my body. One moves to my nipples, rubbing and pinching each one. The other he drops to my clit, rubbing it as he bounces me on his cock again. Claire continues to finger herself, leaning towards me and kissing me as I play with her nipples.

The combination of Sam's fingers on my nipples and clit, and his giant cock pounding every inch of my pussy quickly brings me close to orgasm again. "I'm going to cum" i gasp. "Claire, kneel and lick it all up again" Sam instructs. Claire quickly kneels in front of us and licks my slit and Sam's dick as we fuck. "Oh god!" I shout as I orgasm again, the waves of pleasure even more intense as my pussy gets licked and fucked while my clit gets rubbed all at the same time. My orgasm lasts an impossibly long time, eventually squeezing Sam's cock to it's own orgasm. Claire stays at my pussy and licks up all his cum as it mixes with my juices.

Sam and I lie back, gasping wildly as Claire continues to lick our juices. The hand that was on my clit moves to my tits and Sam uses to both to squeeze my tits, bouncing them and squeezing, my nipples rock hard against his palms. 

Claire stops and licks her lips, kissing us both in turn. "My turn" she grins, her eyes gleaming in anticipation. I laugh, slowly moving to sit beside Sam, still riding the intense orgasm I've just experienced. "You don't know what you've got to look forward to" I smile at her. "His cock is huge and he knows exactly how to use it!" Sam laughs and kisses me roughly again. He pushes me onto my back. He grips Claire by the hips and makes her kneel above my face. I lick my lips as I look up at her pussy. Sam strokes her clit from behind as I wrap my arms around her thighs and pull her down onto my face. I lick her slit slowly, before suddenly plunging into her sopping wet pussy. I flick my tongue in and across her pussy, watching Sam smile as he watches us, stroking his cock again to bring it back to life. He pushes Claire forward, so she's leaning on her hands near my pussy. "God this is so hot" She moans softly before pushing my legs apart and leaning forward. She breaths against my pussy, making me moan against hers, before she starts to lick across my slit and my clit. 

We settle into this, 69-ing each other, both licking and sucking and moaning. Sam strokes his cock again before moving onto his knees behind Claire. He wraps his arm around her, rubbing and pinching her clit. He then pulls her onto her knees, off my face and quickly fingers her, sticking his fingers in my mouth as he slowly slides his cock inside of her. I suck his fingers desperately, watching his cock slide into her tight pussy from below, hearing her moan against my pussy. "Fuck this is unbelievably sexy" I moan as Sam's fingers leave my mouth. He grips Claire's hip with one hand as he uses the other to bring my hand to her clit. I rub and pinch her clit with my fingers, leaning my head up to lick her pussy and his cock as he slowly fucks her, his long cock sliding it's entire length into her pussy and back out. I use my other hand to play with my clit, hornier than ever at the mesmerising sight of his cock burying itself deep inside her pussy, her juices dripping onto my tongue and in my mouth. 

Sam continues his long slow thrusts for a few moments with his eyes shut. He opens them and notices me, sucking and licking at them both, while rubbing my own clit as Claire eats me out. He grunts and speeds up, furiously pumping into Claire, making her entire body move with every thrust. This movement sends Claire's tongue deeper into my pussy, making me squirm with pleasure, my legs spreading as wide as they possibly can. 

Suddenly I can feel Sam's cock stiffen, my tongue speeding up and I can feel him and Claire both cumming together. I make sure I lick all of the juices that ooze out of Claire's pussy, amazed at how much there is. Claire plunges her tongue even deeper into my pussy which triggers my own orgasm; the three of us cumming together. Claire and I each lick up all the juices before the three of us collapse on the sofa beside each other, lazily kissing each other, our fingers trailing each other's sweaty bodies.

I lean back, grinning. "Fuck that was so hot. We definitely need to order pizza from you guys again."