 TIME WITH CHARLOTTE

I knew Charlotte from the office but had never been with her. It happened one day totally unexpected which many times is the best way. I had played golf with my regular foursome, three guys from work, Sal, Russ and Pete. Pete and Russ had things to do Saturday afternoon but Sal asked me to join him for lunch. He told me he was meeting his latest squeeze Cindy. I was okay with that since it was just a late lunch and I had planned to go clubbing later that evening. 

Sal was a big dude at 6'3' and 280 pounds. He liked full body women and Cindy was certainly that although she was not obese. When we arrived, I was surprised to see Charlotte there with her. It was no big deal though and I was happy to join them for lunch. Charlotte, who I learned that day preferred to be called Charlie, was a sharp contrast to Cindy. Charlie was 5'5" with short curly brown hair and a nice 35-28-36 figure. She was not pretty but somewhat attractive. She had kind of a mousy look and she wore big rimmed glasses.

We had a good lunch and delightful conversation. Afterward, Sal invited us back to his condo for drinks and to supposedly watch golf on TV. I was game and the four of us headed to his place. We weren't there an hour and Sal and Cindy were off to his bedroom. As he left the living room he gave me instructions.

"Take showers before you use the other bedroom."

I was taken back by his directive but Charlie seemed cool with it. She smiled and whispered, "It's okay if you don't want to but I'll need a ride home."

Things were moving quickly and I replied. "No, I'm cool with this as long as you are."

"Good, let's get undressed and shower then."

We both stripped in the bedroom and then used the shower in the second bathroom. I could see that Charlie liked my physique. I was 6'1" and 190 pounds and very fit from working out and recreational sports. She looked good naked too and I admired her derriere. We showered and then returned to the bedroom. Charlie lay on the bed and opened her legs for me. She held up her arms and welcomed me into her body. 

"I had been hoping that we would get a chance to make it together someday," she whispered.

Slowly, I moved into her. Charlie opened beneath me, enveloping my penis tightly. Her cunt was like a fist as she clenched her vaginal muscles. She squeezed me as I moved within her. 

"Charlie," I groaned, "You are really tight." 

She moaned in response, "Your big cock feels so good. Fill me up with it." 

I thrust into her deeply and I felt the head of my cock pressing against her cervix.

"Oh Walt," she sighed with her eyes closed. 

I felt her vagina contract around my cock. She climaxed with a shudder and a long moan and she urged me on, "Fuck me baby. I can take it, I want it."

I grabbed her hips in my hands and began to thrust in and out as I pounded her pussy. My heavy bloated testicles slapped against her ass as my 7+" cock drove into her hot pussy. 

"Yes, oh yes," she gasped as her body rose to meet me. 

The bed was now rocking with the force of our fierce, animalistic fucking. Her legs clamped around my waist as she screamed her release. Her pussy grasped my cock, squeezing it and milking it as I fucked her. I moved my hips against hers and buried my cock to the hilt within her. Her quaking pussy erupted into orgasm again as I rocked my cock slowly, grinding the head against her. I felt my orgasm building in my balls and I knew that any second I would be spewing my seed into her womb. I felt my semen travel from my scrotum through my cock as I came deep inside her flooding her waiting warmth with my load.

Neither one of us could speak as the pleasure was so intense. I collapsed on her and she wrapped her arms and legs even tighter around my body. Not wanting to crush her I rolled off her and my cock slipped from her cum filled cunt. We rested together as we talked for a while. Charlie knew that I was fucking a few girls from the office and she had told Cindy that she would like to make it with me, which is why Cindy invited her to lunch. I learned that Charlie had been married but was divorced. She also told me that she was not at all into oral sex either giving or receiving. Charlie reached down and stroked my cock as we talked and I fondled her tits and played with her pussy. Before long we were turned on again.

"I'm getting hot playing with your cock. Fuck me again!"

I pulled her legs apart and let her guide my cock into her pussy. I eased my thick cock into her tight cunt and worked it slowly until I was balls deep in her pussy. I knew that with her tightness that she could probably feel every ridge and vein of my cock. Charlie gasped again when I hit bottom. As I fucked her slowly I made sure that my cock never lost contact with her clit. She stiffened as she orgasmed and then grunted and groaned through multiple orgasms as her body was rocked with one climax after the other. As I pounded her pussy my cock moved easily in her now sopping wet pussy. Charlie stiffened one more time, screamed and then went limp with her final orgasm which was the most intense of the afternoon. 

Once again, I rolled off her and this time she rolled over on her stomach. I caressed her ass and teased her between her ass cheeks. I searched for her nether hole as I massaged her bottom. I finally reached the object of my desire and I rubbed juice from her pussy into her anus. She lifted her hips slightly as I worked her firm ass cheeks. I pulled her buns apart slightly and stared at the cute little aperture. I traced my finger over the ridges of her now swollen ring and watched as it seemed to pulse and throb under its own accord.

I scooped more juice out of her pussy with my fingers and pushed it into her ass. Charlie's hips bucked in response to my probing. I loved anal sex and I loved to watch my cock slide in and out of a hot ass. I was hoping that she was into anal sex. As my finger entered her channel she gripped it with her sphincter muscle. I continued to finger fuck her ass adding more natural lube from her pussy as needed and eventually I added a second finger. Satisfied that she was well lubed I straddled her hips and guided my slick cock into her pussy to coat it with juices and then I eased it into her ass. My cock head slipped past the moistened rubbery ring and the spongy head disappeared into her ass. Her anal ring snapped closed behind the cock head and I marveled at the sight before me. I only had the head of my cock in her and she lifted her hips and pushed back obviously wanting more.

"Not too deep at first and then go deeper," she whispered, placing a hand on my thigh.

My cock felt thicker than it ever had as I eased more of it into her anal passage. I watched as it stretched her open and slid easily in her slippery hole. I continued my slow penetration until the entire length of my shaft was balls deep in her ass. Charlie gasped and grabbed the bed sheets as I hit bottom and then moved her ass in time with my thrusts.

"Let's fuck on our sides," she rasped.

I rolled both of us to our left side and settled into the spoon position with my cock still buried in her ass. My left arm came around and fondled one of her tits and tweaked her nipples as my right hand sought out her pussy. I pushed two fingers into her pussy as I fucked her ass and played with her tits. I quickly located the firm flesh of her g-spot and she cried out. Charlie was going wild as her orgasmic, constricting muscles gripped me firmly.

We fucked slowly as she arched her back and we fitted together perfectly. Her gasps were intermittent and interrupted with cries and sobs of pleasure. Her ass was so snug that I wondered how the semen would ever get out of my cock. I fought to hold back my ejaculation as long as possible but the undulating walls of her rectum were just too much. I felt the familiar boiling in my balls and I thrust into her as the first blast of cum exploded into her. I barely heard her pleas for me to fill her ass with cum as her contractions milked every drop from my cock. I continued to fuck her slowly and I enjoyed the new feeling of warm semen surrounding my cock in her chute.

"I love the feel of your warm cum in my ass," she sighed as my cock remained nestled in her hole.

Charlie told me that she loved anal sex and that sometimes she actually preferred it to vaginal sex. She said that she still wanted to cum and she preferred a cock shooting a load in her ass while her clit was being rubbed. We remained in the spoon position for quite a while. I think we even dozed and we were awakened when my deflated cock slipped from her ass. She rolled toward me and smiled as she whispered.

"That was some great sex today, you are a good lover. No one has ever found my g-spot that quickly." 

Charlie and I showered quickly and dressed. She told me that she first had anal sex in college and over time she had become addicted to it. She told me that she liked anal sex as much as vaginal sex and sometimes even more with the right person. When we went into the kitchen Cindy had already put out some snacks for us. The four of us ate and then I gave Charlie a ride home. I learned then that she lived with her sister in a modest two-bedroom house. 

I didn't see Charlie again for a couple of weeks. Hillary a girl who worked in corporate and her current squeeze Rudy had a party at Hillary's house. Hillary was divorced with a couple of kids and the kids were spending the night at her parent's house. I went solo to the party since I didn't have a date that Friday.

Another co-worker, Bill was supposed to meet Charlie at the party but he showed up with a last-minute date named Paula. Charlie was miffed but she kept her cool but by the time Bill had arrived just about everyone had paired off. I had my sights set on a cute thin blonde named Joannie. I was drawn to her more by her outfit at first. She looked very stylish and she wore a red white and blue painter's cap that made her looked very British. 

Charlie approached me and asked if she could speak with me just for a minute. I excused myself from Joannie to speak with Charlie. "Can you meet me down stairs in a few seconds?" she asked.

I told her I would but I noticed that she had been drinking heavy. I went down the stairs a few moments after her and she ushered me into the half-bathroom on the lower level. She closed and locked the door, turned her back to me and pulled down her shorts. She was not wearing any panties under her shorts. It was a new style outfit with matching tops and bottoms held in place by elastic. Charlie had elected not to wear panties under her bottoms and as I found out shortly she passed on the bra too.

"I need you to fuck my ass," she directed slurring her words a little.

I dropped my pants and underwear and I pushed my fingers in her pussy. I moved my fingers from her pussy to her anus for several minutes gathering her pussy juice and lubing her ass. Then I pushed my cock in her pussy and got it good and wet before I eased it into her ass. Charlie grunted as my cock hit home and slid into her ass. We both fucked rapidly as I pushed her top up over her tits and played with her tits and nipples. I reached with one hand for her pussy and plunged two then three fingers into her quim. Charlie went wild with the double penetration and the manipulation of her tits. She soaked my fingers with her female juice as she had a string of orgasms.

Then I felt my seed shoot through my cock into the depths of her ass causing her to groan loudly. She milked my cock dry with her talented sphincter muscle and her hips thrashed uncontrollably ejecting my cock from her ass. I held her tightly and my wet cock brushed against her creamy ass cheeks.

"Oh thank you, thank you," she cooed as her body calmed.

I washed my cock off in the sink and then re-dressed and returned to the party. I discovered that Joannie had left. I must have been fucking Charlie longer than I thought. Charlie stayed in the bathroom longer than me and when she emerged, I drove her to her sister's house. She sat in the front seat and I played with her pussy as we rode in my car. By the time we reached her sister's place, I was ready to fuck her again. 

"You can't come in the house and fuck me there. My sister Vicki has very strict rules about me bringing guys into her home." 

"Do you want to get in back?"

"Sure, we can do that."

We got in the back seat of my two-door sport sedan and I immediately peeled off her shorts. I lowered my pants and underwear to my knees and the two of us played with each other for several minutes. The car had louvered rear windows so it was impossible for anyone outside the car to see in the back seat. There was something very erotic about being partially clothed but still having access to each other. Charlie had her legs spread wide as I fingered her pussy and pushed her cunt juice into her ass. She stroked my cock with her hand as I prepared her for another ass fuck.

I never knew anyone like her who could get so wet during foreplay. My hand was sopping wet and within minutes I had her ass coated with her own pussy juice. I positioned her so that she was kneeling down on the back seat and I knelt behind her. I put my cock in her pussy and let it soak in her juices before I lined it up with her ass.

Once again she uttered those familiar words reminding me, "Not too deep at first and then deeper."

I eased my cock into her ass as she maneuvered her body to accommodate the anal penetration. She had her head down on the car seat turned to one side and I watched her face grimace slightly as my cock made its way into her ass. She moaned and groaned as I slowly fucked her going a little deeper in her ass with each thrust. Once I was all the way in I picked up the pace and fucked her until I flooded her ass with my seed. She had her fingers buried in her twat and she brought herself off as I plowed her ass. When my hips stopped moving she milked my cock with her sphincter muscle and then her hips gyrated uncontrollably as her own orgasm overtook her. I had to hold her tightly to keep my cock in her ass as her hips jerked wildly.

My cock softened and I eased it out of her ass. I knelt there looking at her recently violated ass and watched as my semen trickled out of her anus. She remained still for a few minutes with her ass on display. I had some paper napkins in the car and she used them to wipe the semen from her ass before she sat down on the car seat.

"You definitely have the largest cock that has ever been in my ass. "

"I have never thought about my size very much," I admitted and added, "I know that there are plenty of cocks bigger than mine."

"Your cock is plenty big for me," she said with a giggle, "I should go in the house now."

"Goodnight, maybe I'll see you next weekend."

It was at least another week before Charlie and I met up again and had sex in her sister's driveway. It was a repeat performance but this time with me stripping off her pantyhose in the back seat of my car, lubricating her ass with her own juices and fucking her tight ass. It was exciting for me to strip off her hose and fondle her legs, pussy and ass. Charlie seemed to like being without her panties and hose in the back seat of the car. I took my time with her, fingering her pussy and ass driving her crazy, until she finally begged me to fuck her in the ass. We fucked in the back seat first until we both came and after resting a few minutes she was ready again.

"Can you go again? Can you fuck me in the spoon position this time?"

"Let's move to the front seat and I'll try my best."

I reclined the passenger seat and we stretched out with me behind her. My cock was already getting hard just from thinking about fucking her ass again. She reached back with one hand and guided my cock into her ass. She kept her hand on it until she was ready to take more of it. She released her hand and I slid into her warm recess. My left hand found her breast and my right hand her pussy. My two fingers easily entered her womb and I located her g-spot. With my fingers rubbing her g-spot and her clit simultaneously she went wild. Her body was bucking all over the passenger seat and when she felt me cum in her ass, she cried out in pleasure. My hand was drenched with her love juices. We stayed coupled together for several minutes until my cock slipped from her ass. It had been incredible car sex.

"I sure glad that we got together again."

"Not any more than I am," I told her. 

Charlie did not bother putting on her pantyhose when I pulled up my pants. I opened the car door and we got out of the passenger seat. She said goodnight and made her way over to the front door. I watched as she skipped up the steps and as she did her skirt flew up and flashed her bare ass. After she was safely in the house, I drove home in a very sated state.

CONFRONTATION WITH VICTORIA

The next time it was a night at the Pub and Charlie had had too much to drink. I didn't drink too much since I was driving Charlie home. I picked her up and carried her out to my car all the while I hoped that she wouldn't get sick. I placed her in the front seat and buckled her in. Once we arrived at her sister's, I helped her into the house and her bedroom. It was late and I assumed that her sister was asleep in the other room. Charlie flopped down on the bed and I then had the urge to fuck her before I left. I moved over to the bed and stripped Charlie naked. I removed her blouse and bra, her shorts and panties and her shoes. Then I stripped down naked and got in bed with her. It was the first time that we were totally naked again since the very first time we had sex at Sal's place.

I rolled Charlie to her side and she knew what was coming next. I scoop her female juice from her pussy and used it to lubricate her ass. She cooed as my fingers probed her pussy and lubed her ass. Then I placed my cock in her pussy just for few strokes to get it slick. I positioned my cock at her ass and gently pushed my cock into her.

"Not too deep at first and then deeper," she whispered those familiar instructions.

I did what she asked and as I fucked her ass I went a little deeper each time. Soon I was balls deep in her ass and I picked up the pace. My cock felt longer and thicker than I could remember at that moment. I reached around with my left hand and played with her tits and rock-hard nipples. I moved my right hand to her pussy and pushed three fingers into her cunt. Charlie was going wild and she was creaming all over my fingers as I plowed her ass. My cock was throbbing in her ass and I felt my pending ejaculation building in my balls. One more deep thrust and I held my cock there as I exploded in her ass. My cock pulsated as streams of cum shot into her ass. She instinctively clenched and unclenched my cock with her sphincter. She milked every drop of cum from my cock.

I stayed hard that night and I kept right on fucking her ass. I knew it would be a while before I came again so I pulled out of her ass and rolled her on her back. Then I pushed my raging hard cock in her pussy and treated her to an exhilarating fuck. I kept my cock in constant contact with her clit and I had her writhing and trembling as a continuous string of orgasms rocked her body. Then I pulled my cock out of her pussy and rolled her back to her side and re-entered her ass. I pummeled her ass as I sought out my second ejaculation of the night. Her ass was loose and slippery from our combined juices but she was still snug enough around my cock. Once again, I stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into her rectum. I could feel my cock pulsate again as it released a torrent of cum deep into her anal recess.

We lay still for a few minutes recovering from the intense fuck session. I had forgotten about my cock in her ass until it had softened and slipped from her hole. I felt my wet cock drop on my thigh and I knew that cum was trickling out of her anus. 
