 Lily sat in front of her vanity, staring at the mask drying on her face as she finished her joint. Her mind wandered to the last time she'd seen him, two weeks ago. It has been late, they had been drunk, the party had dwindled. When they'd gone outside to sit around a table with a dozen friends and smoke and drink and bullshit, the party had been in full swing and chairs on the patio were in short supply, but hours had passed and the crowd had thinned and Lily was still in Derrick's lap. Why had she still been on his lap? At what point did she realize? How long had his cock been hard before she felt it? 

She stubbed the joint out, put the roach on the side of the ash tray, and went to the bathroom to rinse her face. She was about to see him again, at another party, and after two weeks of thinking about him non stop she had no idea how she felt about what she'd felt, or what she wanted out of the situation. Her rational brain laid out the facts - they had been friends for years, and if something was going to happen between them wouldn't it have years ago, in college when everyone was sleeping with everyone? They'd been in the back yard with friends, everyone was somewhere between loosened and fucked up, and she'd been sitting on his lap for hours. Who knows what made his body react to hers, it didn't mean there was anything behind it, right? They were friends, there was no desire there, and isn't that how she liked it? 

Her irrational brain though - well that made a different case. Her irrational brain pictured what he looked like with his shirt off when they had gone tubing last summer. Her irrational brain remembered putting sunscreen on his back and how hard it had been to stop before her fingers followed his hips down and around to the v that trailed to his shorts. Her irrational brain found the little corner where she'd collected all of the private looks he'd given her over the years like they were baseball cards; there was the pensive one, the quizzical one, the sorry one, the impish one. She reexamined all of them for signs of lust, but she couldn't be sure. She had to be sure. 

She padded over to her closet and pulled out a pair of jeans and a just-see-through-enough see-through top and laid them on the bed. She opened her top drawer and fished around, then pulled a pair of simple black panties out. She didn't want to assume, she didn't want to jinx anything. No one would be seeing her underwear, she thought, trying to see if she was ok with that. She was only a little disappointed. 

Next came a sheer lace bra, a swipe of lipstick, a final check in the mirror, and a little perfume. She checked her phone - no messages from him, but the group chat had been busy as everyone got ready to head over to the housewarming. She let them know she was on her way and called up her rideshare app on her phone. It was time. 

On the way to the party, her mind wandered to the only other time they'd come that close. It was their sophomore year of college. The two of them had gotten to know each other the first week of freshman year through his roommate and they became fast friends. Throughout that first semester their circle grew and settled into a core group of friends who were inseparable for most of the rest of the next decade. By sophomore year they were comfortable, but they all still barely knew each other. When Lily had complained that her sisters always brought dates to thanksgiving and she thought it was so rude, he joked that he'd be her date, as a gag. They could give her sisters a taste of their own medicine. He didn't have plans, his family were going out of town and he'd chosen to hang back. So she brought him along to her parent's house, and they pretended to be dating.

***

They arrived at her parent's house, arm in arm, the night before Thanksgiving. Things went normally, at first. It's weird to be super affectionate with a new boyfriend in front of your family anyway, so they passed pretty easily as dating just by being their normal selves. No one thought they were anything but truthful through dinner Wednesday night, but at the bar after the truth started to leak out at the edges. She just couldn't help herself - both of the boys she had dated in high school were there, both looked great, and both seemed disappointed she wasn't alone. She gave them more attention than she did to Derrick, and she worried a little that her sisters noticed. Then she realized something as they stumbled home from the night before - her mom had them sleeping in the same bed. She'd spent the night at the bar flitting between two guys (three if you counted Derrick) and in that moment Lily was young, she was drunk, and she thought it was possible she had never been this horny. They went straight to bed after grabbing two glasses of water, and as they crawled under the covers together with most of their clothes on, a thousand scenarios ran through her head. All of them involved him deciding tonight he'd take his boyfriend role especially seriously. Unfortunately for her, he was snoring in seconds.

She pulled her dress off under the covers and tossed them it to the floor. She grabbed a t-shirt from the bag at the side of the bed and sat up to pull it on over her bra. As she did the covers came off of him to the thigh and she could see the strong muscles of his bare back and the perfect curve of his ass in his jeans. She pulled the covers back up most of the way and laid down on her side facing him. She stared at his sleeping form as she slid her hand down her side, around her thigh, and then up between to over over the wet spot on her panties. It was throwing heat and she was dying to touch herself. She hovered there for a moment asking herself what she was doing before the alcohol and the lust took over. With her other hand she rolled her left nipple between her fingers through the tshirt and bra. She concentrated on matching his sleeping breaths as she slid her fingers into her panties and started circling her clit, stopping every few rotations to frantically rub her fingers back and forth across it in short, sharp motions. After a few moments, she began to feel weird about what she was doing, and but only weird enough to turn her back to him to finish. She closed her eyes and imagined him waking up, imagined him reaching around and taking over for her, imagined his fingers probing her, stroking her, filling her up as his palm slapped against her clit. She imagined his hard dick digging in to her back, imagined herself grinding up against it as she bucked his fingers. She came with a muffled sob as she imagined him, unable to take the friction, unloading in his underwear. She turned back to face him again and found him unmoved. She wiped her fingers off on the sheets between them and went to sleep. 

The next morning, he acted like nothing had happened, so either he had never woken up or he was exceedingly polite. They busied themselves around the house, helping her mom. She didn't go out of her way to touch him, but she was looking at him differently since her fantasies the night before, and she leaned in to their fake relationship. After dinner he drank on the back porch with her dad and sisters and their boyfriends while she helped her mom in the kitchen. She was hungover from the night before so she was drinking water to everyone's wine, and the turkey had made her exhausted, so after they were all cleaned up she headed up to bed. This time she put on a nightgown and panties - no bra - and she fell asleep clutching her own breast, imagining his hand there.

When she woke up, his hand *was* there. Holy shit! She looked at the clock on the end table - it said 3am. He was leaning on her, snoring softly, his arm thrown across her, his hand cupping her hand cupping her breast. She'd spent the whole day convincing herself what she did last night had nothing to do with him, but now she was in his arms and she knew that was at least partially wrong. She wondered what she'd find if she closed the distance on the bed keeping her ass from his pelvis. Of course she had a hunch, but it seemed time to find out.

First, she slowly extracted the hand that was between his hand and her breast, and the breath hitched in her throat as her nipple glanced his palm. Next, she started inching backwards across the bed, until she felt his full length up against her back. Even through his shorts and her nightgown she could feel its heat, feel it throbbing. 

Suddenly though, he was awake, and she heard him mutter "oh fuck" as he rolled away from her and put some distance between them. She pretended to be asleep and waited until he was snoring again to get up and go into the bathroom. She was embarrassed and a little disappointed. It occurred to her she could still get herself off, but it just seemed desperate, now. The next morning he seemed slightly sheepish, but pretended nothing had happened, so she took his lead. They never spoke of it again. 

***

As her ride pulled up to the party and she got out, Lily wondered why she'd buried that trip in her mind. Was it more because she was embarrassed, or because she regretted not waking up, rolling over, telling him she wanted him? This was the moment she had to decide, did she want to try to fuck him tonight, or did she want to pretend it never happened like she had with Thanksgiving? And then he opened the door and stepped out onto the porch light and she knew.

Derrick lit a cigarette on the porch then looked up and saw her. She saw the smile start in his eyes and a shiver went through her, stopping between her legs. As his smile reached the corners of his mouth she felt herself flush with anticipation. He pulled her up into his arms and she swore she felt him smell her hair, drink her in. She pressed her chest against his and said "hey" in a heavy sigh, and then pulled away and held him at arm's length for a moment before dropping her hands to her sides. 

"Hey!" he said, "good of you to join us. They're running tours of the new house on the half hour," here, he paused to roll his eyes playfully at his friends "and there's wine in the kitchen and beer on the back porch." 

"Great!" she replied. "I'm going to go grab a wine and try to catch a tour."

"Ok, see you in there" he lifted his cigarette up to indicate he'd be in shortly. She swayed her hips a little as she walked away from him, hoping he was looking at her ass. 

Throughout the night, she kept finding reasons to be next to him, to brush against him, to touch him. As he stood at the buffet table nibbling on appetizers, she reached around him to grab one and pressed her chest against his back. As they sat around a table playing cards, she reached across him to "try his beer" and her breasts lingered against his arm longer than could be construed as accidental. And when, around midnight, everyone decided to go out back to smoke weed, she made sure to find herself without a seat. She looked around the table at her friends and caught his eye. Raised her eyebrow. Smiled as he patted his lap with one hand and nodded her over. 

She perched gingerly at first, not ready to give the whole game away yet. As two joints circulated the table, she made small talk with her friends but every nerve in her body was on fire with the awareness of his proximity. It felt like every inch of her knew exactly how far away it was from touching him, and it was all tugging at her to close the gap. One of the joints made its way to her and she inhaled deeply, feeling the warmth spread over her until she was buzzing. She exhaled and realized her nipples were visibly hard through her shirt. Thank god for the low light on the porch. This show was for him, not everyone.

She inhaled again and turned around slightly to face him, ready to hand it to him, only to see that he was holding the other joint and his own lungfull of smoke. They exhaled into each other's faces and fell into giggles, passing the joints on. When their laughter subsided, she had settled further into his lap, and there he was. She estimated he was half hard, but the night was young. 

She started tracing her fingers over his hands under the table. She moved slowly so as not to arouse suspicion, but he responded by starting to run his other hand up the back of her shirt. He could feel her heart racing as he caressed her smooth skin, keeping his hand hidden between the two of them. She dragged her fingers up and down his forearm casually, trying to convince herself that this was casual, that if he tried to take her right here in front of everyone she wouldn't let him. 

As she shifted in his lap a little she felt him getting harder, pulling his jeans taught. She was aching to grind into him, aching to lose control. How long could this go on here like this under the table, behind her back, before someone realized what they were up to. She'd be mortified! All of the sudden she was on her feet and heard herself say "excuse me, ladies room" as she headed to the door. She felt his eyes burning the back of her neck as she headed inside.

The second the door was closed behind her, she pulled out her phone. "Come and find me as soon as you can walk again" she typed, then hit send and slipped it back in her pocket. Then she headed off towards one of the guest rooms on the far side of the house. On the tour that had been the room they'd only glanced in to - it was still filled with boxes and certainly wasn't part of the party zone. She figured no one would stumble upon them there. 

The three minutes it took him to find her felt like a century. Just as she was starting to doubt herself and consider that he might not be coming, the door opened. She had been perched on the footboard of the bed - the bed itself was covered in clothes and boxes - and she stood up and faced the door. He slid inside and she practically threw herself over to where he stood. They made eye contact and he touched the side of her face. She leaned into it slightly and raised her chin and was met with his lips on hers. 

She moaned as he kissed her, involuntarily and with relief. He tasted like cigarettes and weed and hops and he was a great kisser. She pressed her body into his, standing on her tip toes to try to leverage her aching thighs against his fly, but he grabbed her shoulders gently and pulled her away. She was panting. 

"I've been thinking about this for two weeks." he said, looking at her like he couldn't believe she was real. "I - it never occurred to me you might be too." 

"I was." she admitted. "Of course I was." 

"Thank god" he said, and then spun her around and pulled her into him. He started kissing her neck, behind her ears, down her jaw. Gently, at first, and then a little harder. A little sloppier. The air that hit the saliva he left on her pulse points nearly sent her into convulsions as his hands explored her stomach and breasts under the front of her shirt. He hefted her small D's in his hands and teased his fingers around the bottom of her bra as he continued to kiss her neck. One of her hands was in his hair and the other reached around behind her, groping blind until it found his hardness and started tracing over it over his pants. She scraped her thumbnail over the denim as he finally made his way to her nipples and gave them each a simultaneous pinch through the lace of her bra. 

She reached her hands over her head and he lifted her shirt off of her, and as she reached around to undo her bra he lifted his off too. They resumed, skin to skin, and now he was kneading her breasts in his hands, rolling her nipples around between his fingers. She ground her ass into his crotch, desperate to get the friction to the right place, and reached her hand to the top button of her jeans. She undid it, intending to reach in, but he shooed her hand away. He lifted his mouth to her ear and whispered "that's my job" as he slid his hand down where hers had been about to go.

As his fingers reached her pubic bone she let out a moan and reached her head around to his. They kissed as he caressed her slit, up and down, spreading the wetness that was there as far as he could. He caressed her clit with varying pressure and she broke the kiss to pant and increase the pace of her grinding. Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, he slid his fingers into her one, two, and then three, right to her g-spot, and after he pumped them in and out a few times, she doubled over around his arm, cumming on his hand. 

When she pulled herself together and let him pull his hand out of her, she turned around and kissed him gratefully. 

"That was better than it was when I imagined it" she whispered, almost to herself.

"When did you imagine it?" 

She realized he didn't know, they'd never talked about it. 

"That time you came home with me for Thanksgiving" she admitted. Any other time and she would have been too embarrassed to tell him, but she was in an intense afterglow and he deserved it. "When we got in bed together the first night, I was so horny from the bar and you looked so good and I got carried away imagining you fingering me. I actually made myself cum next to you while you were sleeping thinking about it." 

"Wow" he said. "Glad I lived up to 10 years of pressure" 

She kissed him again, and pulled him across the room. The bed was covered in stuff, but there was a chair with one box on it that she moved to the ground. She started taking her pants off and he did the same, and then she pushed him down into the chair and climbed on top of him. She never stopped kissing him as she humped against him, her pelvis grinding into his, his hard cock straining against his shorts as her ass ran up and down its length. She broke the kiss and made eye contact as she slid back on his lap slightly, until she was halfway down his legs. She reached down and pulled his dick out through the fly of his boxer briefs. The grey fabric was marked with several dark wet spots and she had no idea if they were his or hers. 

She stroked up and down his cock with her fingers, not her palm, dragging them lightly. Teasing. She wanted to see it jump, and when she tickled the underside of his head she got her wish. She used her thumb to spread his pre-cum around the head and he started pulling her back towards him by her hips until they were pressed together again. She kissed him again, deeply, and felt his dick moving on its own trapped between their two bellies. 

He broke away from her, holding her to him with his strong hands on her hips, searched her face. 

"Maybe we should get back to the party before anyone misses us" he said.

Her face went white for a second before he broke out in laughter and kissed her again. She pulled away to call him an asshole and started to stand up. He protested and held on to her hips, and she pulled her underwear to the side. When Lily came back down, it was with him inside of her.

She worked her way down slowly and when she got to the bottom she leaned over him, breathing heavily into his shoulder. She started grinding herself against him, clenching and unclenching him with the muscles in her vagina and rubbing her clit against his pubic bone. He kissed her again and then licked and sucked at her neck as she started incorporating some up and down motion into her grinding. Before long he was thrusting his hips to meet her strokes and they were both doing more moaning than kissing. For a fleeting second she thought they might be too loud, but she found she did not care. 

When she was on the brink of orgasm she halted her bouncing and went back to grinding herself against him, sitting straight up on his lap. He reached over with his mouth and gently licked and then bit her left nipple and she exploded on top of him, holding her breath as wave after wave of orgasm rocked her body. She resumed fucking him up and down for a few more moments until he told her he was going to cum. She stood up and reached down just as his cock exploded, twitching and almost purple, one, two, six, eight pumps. His legs and stomach were soaked, she almost felt bad.
