 One of the fine things about Literotica is that there are so many nice people who one gets to meet. Oh, not in person, but via e-mail notes and messages. 

Of course, when you are a writer on the site not every note, not every piece of feedback, is positive. There can be bad and downright nasty notes. 

Yet overall the majority are constructive, inquisitive and basically nice notes bout stories. Sometimes there are questions, like "What were you thinking," or "Was that story fact or fiction." Generally speaking my stories have at least a gem of reality, some much more than others. For instance, much of my Doin' The Boss series was culled from my real life affair with a former boss. 

Which brings me to provocative notes over the last few months from a nice guy, William. Now I've never met him, only know what he's listed on his profile or in his notes. He is fun to correspond with, and we've sort of become email friends of sorts.

We've traded stories about naughty things we'd done in our sex lives. He spoke about getting caught by voyeurs in the park for instance before he was married. That scene is one that I've had as well. Both of us were embarrassed. We've wrote about all kinds of things, from reality to fantasy. In recent notes he's asked me about the naughtiest sexual escapade I'd had, and I merely kept pointing to my affair with my former boss. 

He talked about the time he had sex with his best friend's fiancée about a week before their marriage. It was quite hot, especially when some of that sex was on the dunes off a beach at dusk...with beach walkers only yards away. He also spoke about one cross-country trip where his tipsy wife bared her boobs to truckers.

With this in mind, here's my deepest story I've never told...for William. And you.

I'd attended a secretarial school after high school. Yes, I know, secretaries aren't what they used to be. Now we are administrative assistants or executive assistants. But at the time to be fully trained at this particular school mean great, well-paying job opportunities. I'd proud of that background, as it has really set me into a good position in life. 

The school had dorm rooms and a strict non-visitation policy. No opposite sex visitors could be brought in, except to the Spartan lobby. No sneaking a guy to your room. 

I'd dated a few guys in the first semester. Nothing serious. Friends. 

In that time frame I was fairly chaste, making out with guys and giving the occasional hand job. But most times things were pretty, well, tame. Then along came Robert. He was a sweet guy who attended a nearby university. We'd have great dates, going to ballgames, movies, dinner and non-alcohol clubs. 

He also had a girlfriend back home, a fact he'd readily admitted to me, and they'd been intimate. Everything from oral (she was awful) to intercourse (wild). The fact he admitted to me was very, well, hot. He was always pressing me to have sex, but I shooed him away with a smile for a long time, although I do admit to wanking him off in the car a few times. 

We weren't going steady or anything, I knew of his girlfriend and even met her a couple times when she was in town. Oh, I kept the hand job thing to myself. 

Just as Robert was dating others, so was I. My other regular date was Jonathan, a sweet guy who also attended the same university as Robert. They even had an American politics class together, I learned, but weren't close friends or anything. Jonathan loved hockey, so we went to the local minor league team's games, enjoying the beauty of the skating and excitement of the fisticuffs. Robert played pick up hockey at a local arena. 

Guys were guys, and after dating for a while there were similarities and differences. Similarities in that Robert, like Jonathan, was always after me for sex at the end of our dates. We progressed with me starting with hand jobs at first, and later graduating to blow jobs. 

Never intercourse with either guy, as that was something I was saving for marriage.

No, right off, the fact that I was dating, stroking and fellating two different guys was naughty enough, but I had rules. Never on the same day. I mean, I wasn't a slut. They were not the first guys I'd been with, as there were two guys in high school I'd jerked off on a regular basis while dating and a third who got hand jobs and my first blow job, the latter coming on the night of the prom. 

So I wasn't totally chaste, but was not very experienced either. 

Robert and Jonathan changed the experience level, as after courting and dating and all that kind of stuff we graduated to hand jobs and blow jobs to "keep them sane (as Rob said)" and help their "sauce buildup (as Jonathan said)". It was hot for me, as well, as both guys graduated to oral sex on a regular basis. I loved the power I had over them, as they'd do nearly anything to keep on my good side.

The two guys were similar in stature but their cocks were so much different. Rob was about six inches in length, but had a meaty girth that easily was a couple inches wide. Jonathan had a long, thin cock, which he proudly mentioned was a little longer than seven inches. Both were proud of their dicks.

Several of my friends were self-proclaimed master fellatrix it seemed, and I learned some real tips from them in the arena of giving awesome head in our late night bull sessions. I thought - and it seemed natural - that sucking on a guy with my head bobbing until they shot their load was the true ticket to making guys happy. Wendy didn't disagree, but said that it wasn't merely giving head but how you gave it that kept guys coming back. 

You have to alternate hands to using no hands at all was a tip from Wendy. "And don't be afraid to enjoy it, get your spit all over. If it turns you on, moan and let him know how much you enjoy sucking him."

My friend Amber was more specific. "Kiss his balls and that little place between his ass and his balls," she said. "And to really get him off do it when he doesn't expect it. On the way to the movie or dinner pull over at a park and make out, not just late at night at the end of the date. Keep him guessing. Chad and I enjoy messing around outside, so we've done it at the park near school or in his car when nobody is around but in the daylight. That's so hot for me and he's always feeling me up and playing with my ass hoping to get an unexpected blow job."

Points well taken. You learn something every day. Yet the mere idea of pulling over in broad daylight and getting intimate was a little too much. I had a difficult time with some of the concept, because I surely didn't want to get caught in the act. Damn! 

Still both of my friends were experienced. Amber admitted to having sucked off six guys to date, Wendy five. "But it's not a competition - unless you count unusual places." 

Amber admitted to giving a blow job at the library in the stairwell between the second and third floors, almost getting caught. Wendy did it regularly in a guy's car, and at the local park. But the library won in my book.

"Carl has asked several times to have be join him in the dressing room at Macy's, and I'm thinking may we do that at H&M before it gets crowded," said Wendy. "I'm sold on trying but don't want to be obvious about it."

Amber's library escapade was planned, and was only supposed to be for a minute or two, but they got carried away and nearly got themselves caught. 

Both Jonathan and Rob knew I was dating each of them. It wasn't a secret. Heck, I knew I wasn't exclusive for either of them either. Each had his own special something that I enjoyed.

Rob was a hockey player, and I loved watching him play. He was also a Brainiac in the area of business, and he was kind enough to write several term papers for me, fully explaining concepts and potential outcomes. He also had great stamina and a very nice, long, mouthwatering cock. He had to be nearly seven inches when fully erect. 

Jonathan was the better looking of the two, a guy who caught the eyes of nearly every girl he interacted with. He dated lots of girls but I was special to him. A couple times I observed him watching Rob's game from a different part of the arena. 

One thing was my golden rule. No fooling around with different guys on the same day. Oh, I might go to Rob's hockey game and later study with Jonathan, but if there was sex that day it was only with one of them That lead to complaining and cajoling but it was the rule I mean, truly, life isn't totally about sex even if guys feel that I'm told.

Rob and I'd been dating for six weeks and I'd gotten used to giving him blow jobs with regularity. I actually enjoyed giving him head, and learned how much he liked me stroking his cock while licking his balls. He also loved when I'd alternate very slow head bobs with furious ones. That method, especially when two of my fingers and thumb provided hand support got him off quickly. 

Jonathan on the other hand loved me merely sucking on his dick. That is, having it in my mouth while sucking my cheeks tightly on his shank. Some hand action as well, but a slow suck session. Then, to get him off, he'd cradle my head in his hands and guide the action until he spurted.

Both guys benefited by my swallowing their loads. I enjoyed the taste of cum and loved to savor their load in my mouth before swallowing. Yummy. And I felt good deep inside when I got them off, it was very satisfying for me and I'd think about those actions and activities when I fingered myself late at night. 

I guess I was a good date, and I really enjoyed both guys as well as a third, James "The Rat". James was never called that, merely The Rat, and he was cute and fun to be with but he and I never did anything sexual except slow dance. I didn't have a sexual interest in him, he in me, but we were good friends. I relate this in order to show I wasn't a total tramp!

It was spring and Jonathan was leaving the next day for a trip home for a week, but I was already occupied with a date with Rob. Jonathan had begged, cajoled and insisted on seeing me before he left the following morning at the crack of dawn, but I didn't want to break my date with Rob.

The solution was that I'd meet Jonathan outside the dorm about 11:30 and we'd walk and talk and, if the mood struck, after midnight something naughty might happen. That kept my not in the same day rule intact, because I fully expected Rob to want satisfaction before our earlier date ended. 

In my head I wondered if Amber and Wendy would consider two guys getting head just minutes apart would "beat" their sexy stories, even if in my mind they were given on separate "days". 

I have to admit I looked pretty cute in my knee length tartan skirt with a light blue sweater that night. Not harlot sexy, but cute, attractive and flirty. The skirt rode up my legs a bit at the movie and Rob caressed my knee and thigh throughout the night. On the way over to dinner be slipped his hand down my skirt from the back and under my panties to get a handful of ass, drawing a couple leers from guys who walked past us and observed the hand play. 

Things don't always work out as planned as we all know. On this night we had a fun date at an action movie, but when we stopped for a late desert the service was awful. Sloooooow. The result was that we were delayed in getting back to the dorm. 

Rob didn't really care. He didn't know I was meeting Jonathan after him, but he started to sense my urgency when we weren't walking toward the dorm until 11:30 or so. 

"I want you, Robyn, I want you to take care of me," said my guy with urgency. "I want you to make love to me with those luscious lips of yours. I've waited all week for this."

Smiling at him, I told him I wanted to satisfy him but he's have to be quick.

"You have me so hot in your little outfit, and I want you so badly. Look at me," he said, pointing to the bulge in his pants.

I'd have to make quick work of it, but I was up to the challenge. And he had a head start it seemed.

There was a small area near the dorm blanketed by trees. Generally speaking the girls would take their dates there to make out, but there was also a small area right behind it where more privacy could be had if things were going to get overly sexual. 

I mean, you didn't want to be caught screwing or giving head in the little grove by some prying eyes! Making out was normal there, but not intimacy beyond that.

Rob and I walked toward the dorm, taking a turn toward the little grove, stopping to kiss along the way. He felt great, and his hands caressed by back and lower to my ass as we made out. I knew I'd have to hurry through, because Jonathan would arrive in minutes. Or so I thought. When we got to the grove, there was Jonathan, anxiously sitting on a bench. 

Awkward!

Jonathan broke the silence. "How was the movie?"

Rob was surprised, Jonathan too. And me, yes, I was beyond surprised. 

There was a long pause before Jonathan mentioned that he'd be going away for a week, and that it was almost midnight. The two guys looked at each other, knowing my rule. Rob was going to get short shifted and I could tell he thought he wasn't going to get the anticipated blow job. 

Jonathan had known his was going to be a fast and furious quickie so he had a sly knowing smile. I mean, he was going away! I'd miss him and wanted him to have a proper send off.

My mind was awhirl as I tried to figure out what to do next. I mean, I knew what Rob wanted me to do, but there was little time or privacy with Jonathan there. And I knew what Jonathan wanted to do...

Sometimes in crisis a plan emerges. Jonathan must have been thinking about this.

"Look, I know you guys are going to make out, and Rob, you know Robyn and I are going to make out before I leave. We are wasting valuable time here, looking at each other. Let's slip behind the trees and let things happen as they will. I know if you two go back there I'm going to be voyeuring anyway, so let's not pretend I'm not here. Let's go and you two get on with your business."

The two guys looked at me, and after a brief pause - thinking of the excitement of having someone watch us playing around, I reached for Rob's hand and took him toward the back secluded spot. Then I looked over my shoulder and nodded for Jonathan to join us. 

In for a penny, in for a pound. 

The guys couldn't move fast enough.

In the back spot Rob held me close and kissed me with passion as Jonathan sat on a bench to our side. Rob and I kissed and pretended to ignore Jonathan. Rob began caressing my breasts and later my ass, and the action was getting hotter by the minute. 

It was so very hot.

Jonathan nearly broke the spell. "It's five minutes to midnight, so you better get going Robyn."

Rob broke our embrace and looked at me. "Blow me? Blow me Robyn," was his quiet yet urgent demand. 

Decision time. 

To coin a phrase, sometimes a girl has got to do what a girl has got to do.

I slithered down to my knees and quickly reached over to unzip Rob's pants. His cock was bulging there, and I could feel his excitement. Unzipped, I reached into his boxers and pulled out his rock hard cock.

Rob's dick, like most men, was very sensitive. He loved me to lick it before getting down to the actual sucking off. Pulling out his balls, I licked around then and all over his cock, moaning as I worked down there on my knees. 

While licking I reached around and pulled his jeans and boxers down to give me more room, so there was by guy naked in his midsection glory before another man just feet away observing in the moonlight. I did my best to forget we had a voyeur, but by the same token it was very hot knowing we were being safely watched. 

I held Rob's ass with one hand while maneuvering his cock around my face with the other. Then, after licking the tip, I took him into my mouth and began sucking his silky smooth, pulsating cock. 

The spell was broken by Jonathan, who had somehow moved next to us.

"It's midnight, but keep going you two. You look beautiful together. It's so hot," said my midnight date. "You can use some of my time... but, Robyn, you will have to help."

With that he reached over while I continued to suck off Rob. He took my hand and slipped his cock onto it. He pulled my fingers around his manhood and started me stroking his cock. All the while I was blowing Rob!

Damn.

I could not help thinking I must have looked like a wanton whore to the two guys, a slut for the scrapbook. I was sucking the dick of one guy while stroking the other. 

"Oh my God this is hot," said Rob with an urgent tone, "your jerking him off while sucking me. This is incredible."

I moved the hand from Rob's ass to caress his dick and guide his dick in and out of my mouth. 

Suddenly I had Rob's cock in my mouth but with help jerking it from my hand while jerking another man's cock at the same time. This took coordination but neither guy was complaining so I jerked away at their needy dicks. 

Self-conscious at first, I was somewhat disjointed. But soon I got into the rhythm of sucking and stroking, stroking and sucking, and nobody was complaining in the least. 

After a short bit I moved back on my haunches and continued stroking my guys at the same time, looking from cock to cock in fascination.

I felt a hand on my head, thought it was Rob spurring me back to action on his dick, but quickly realized it was Jonathan. 

He was moving my head toward his dick!

When presented with that opportunity I didn't have to think. I sucked his cock, this time while Rob watched the mouth action. 

"She's sucking my dick, Rob, she's sucking my dick," was Jonathan's best play-by-play dialogue. "Damn, that's unbelievable Robyn."

Rob added, "What a cocksucker, damn, Robyn that's so hot."

The guys were okay with things; I was okay with things. So for the next couple minutes I alternated between the two pulsating cocks I couldn't do absolute justice to either, but the guys were not complaining other than to move my head from one to another when they felt the need.

I was their cocksucker, and damn I was enjoying.

A couple minutes into the suck fest I was working on Rob again, and he was moving quicker and I knew he was almost there. I was still jerking both dicks.

With Rob's cock in my mouth I felt Jonathan's manhood firmly against my cheek as he'd moved closer. I was ready to switch over to sucking his cock but I knew Rob was close and the time was getting short so I stayed riveted to handling the cock in my mouth.

That wouldn't do for Jonathan, who pushed his dick against my already full lips.

"Robyn, open wide," he demanded and before I knew what he was doing his cock was pushing against Rob's cock as the two fought for position in the right canyon of my slobbering mouth. 

I realized my head was being held tightly by mouth guys as their cocks were filling my small mouth. Well, guess not that small as the tips and about an inch or so of manly cock meet was in my mouth. My head was full of two dicks!

The guys didn't seem embarrassed to have their cocks touching, and I couldn't do anything but suck. Not much movement. But the pure sex of this sent Rob over the edge and he began his urgent cumming into my sucking mouth, moaning and groaning and letting us know he was shooting. 

The guys held my head tight as Rob came in my mouth, groaning and moaning. I swallowed best I could but really most of his sauce slithered out of my mouth and onto my top. The guys held still as I continued sucking as best I could. 

I felt Rob's cock softening a bit and soon he slipped it out of my mouth. Jonathan started fucking my face while Rob rubbed his dick on my cheek.

"Oh what a slut, you cock sucking angel," said Jonathan, pounding away at my face. "This is amazing, Robyn. Keep sucking, keep sucking, oh, I'm cumming!"
