 About two weeks ago my wife and I decided to have some friends over for a party. One of them was my wife's best friend (I'll call her Ashley). The night was great and we all had a bunch of drinks and everyone was feeling good. My wife wasn't in a partying mood, however, and after a while she ended up vegging out on the couch with a few other friends of ours.

In the mean time Ashley and I, along with my good buddy and his wife, ended up in the hot tub together hanging out and having a great time. At one point I got out of the tub to get more beers and went to try to talk my wife into coming in with us but she had already made up her mind to go to bed. So I grabbed more beers and headed back out to the hot tub with Ashley and our other two friends. By this time the four of us were quite drunk and being playful and laughing a lot. The night wore on and my buddy's wife said it was time for them to go.

When my buddy and his wife got out of the tub I stood up and reluctantly started to get out. I was pretty drunk at this point but I was clear-headed enough to know my wife may be pissed about me being in a hot tub alone with another woman. Ashley happens to be married as well, but her husband very rarely goes out with her, so she ends up at our house by herself a lot. And tonight she was without her spouse.

Ashley and I have flirted on occasions and have secretly wanted each other at one time or another. She has a great face, beautiful eyes, an amazing body with creamy complexion and beauty marks, long reddish-auburn hair and perfect large natural breasts. Up until this point I had never seen them bare - only in a bathing suit many times.

As I was getting out of the tub Ashley said, "I'm not ready yet - Let's just finish our beers and then we'll get out." To which I replied, "Good idea," and slid back into the tub. We said goodbye to our friends and watched them leave.

Almost immediately after our friends left she and I looked into each other's eyes for what seemed like a full minute. Her eyes are a captivating deep green and very sexy. She kept saying, "what?" and laughing, to which I replied, "you know what" with a smile. The whole situation was very exciting and scary at the same time. Here I was, alone with my wife's best friend, who I was pretty sure had the same attraction for me as I did for her. We were both tipsy and half naked together in a warm bath. No one else was outside - but there were a few people inside the house doing whatever. That added a bit of thrill knowing that at any moment one of them might walk out and see us together.

All of these things made my blood start pumping and I felt my cock getting stiff in my swim trunks. She let out a little cute laugh as if she knew what was happening. I felt a moment of boldness, fueled by testosterone and alcohol and moved across the tub toward her. I turned my back to her and said, "Feel my heart. It's gonna beat out of my chest." I took her left hand and she let me place it on my left pectoral muscle so she could feel the pounding in my chest. I am in good physical shape for my age (just over 40) and she was more than happy to feel me up. She has complimented me on my pecs in the past and I could tell this was a big turn-on for her.

She massaged my chest a bit and then I asked if her heart was beating fast as well. She said, "I'm not sure..." so I turned and faced her and looked down at her large breasts under her white bikini top and could see that her nipples were erect. I leaned forward and pressed my ear against her smooth wet bosom and listened to her heart beat for awhile. She put her hand around the back of my head and pressed me tighter to her and I felt her heart begin to beat faster and stronger.

My left hand instinctively made its way up to her right breast and started kneading it over her bikini top. It was one of the nicest breasts I've ever felt. She made a sigh and then a little cute laugh, pushed my hand and head away and then moved gracefully to the other side of the tub, looking quite flushed.

"We're gonna get in trouble," she said. To which I agreed and stayed on my side of the tub. We stayed in the tub for awhile talking. The conversation eventually turned naughty and she told me about a time that she had a lesbian experience. She told me every detail down to how the other girl tasted, but said that the experience proved to her that she loves cock more than pussy. That was almost too much for me and in another bold move I stood up so she could see my 8+ inches of hard cock pushing against my swim trunks. I got out of the tub as she gaped, somewhat surprised at my size and hardness.

Suddenly a porch light went on and it looked like a couple people were about to come out to use the hot tub. We both panicked and she jumped up and almost fell out of the tub. I wrapped my arms around her slippery body to keep her from falling and deliberately grabbed her between her legs over her bikini bottoms to help her down. She didn't mind at all and we both ducked behind a nearby tree and snuck our way into the side door of my garage, away from the other party-goers.

As soon as we got inside the garage I put her up against the wall and kissed her full on the mouth. She kissed me back, open-mouthed and our tongues entwined together in a wet mating session, releasing the stored up desire we had toward one another. I put my hand behind her knee and pressed her leg up into the air and began to grind my throbbing cock upward against her womanhood. She moaned and gasped as we writhed against each other, basking in the moment we had been waiting for. 

After a beautiful time of kissing and grinding and almost-fucking, we both paused to take a breath, closed our eyes and pressed our foreheads together. I could feel my pre-cum dripping out of the end of my hard cock. Her swimsuit panties were slick with her juices, soaked through and smeared around her swollen pussy.

One of us breathlessly said, "We gotta stop," to which we both agreed. I stepped back from her slowly and we held hands for a few seconds and looked into each other's eyes. She got bashful and laughed a cute little laugh, which made me want her again. So for a second time I pressed her back against the wall and we made out, furiously. We repeated this incredibly sexy sequence a number of times until we were both about to cum, even without penetration. 

Suddenly we saw flashlights outside the garage. There were a few people out in the yard messing around so we had to move on. It would not look good if the two of us were seen together in a dark garage with almost all our clothes off. We quietly made our way through the dark parts of the house, out to the front porch and nonchalantly walked into view as if nothing had happened. But nobody saw us. So we sat down to have a cigarette.

We sat across from one another and talked together for quite awhile, but more-or-less avoided talking about what had just happened. We began to sober up and continued to smoke a few cigs. We found ourselves confiding in each other things that we had never told anyone else - ever. The night grew chilly and I saw that she was getting cold so I snuck inside to get her a large dry towel to keep her warm and got us both a couple glasses of straight vodka to help warm us up.

At one point she said she was still cold and I convinced her to come sit beside me on my bench. She did so, reluctantly, because she was afraid we might start getting passionate again and get caught. But I could sense that at the same time she wanted to be near me.

There is a strong sexual attraction between us, but there was also a sweetness while we embraced on the bench for warmth. Her smooth milky bare skin pressed against mine while I stroked her arm and legs. We generated a lot of heat and talked more for quite awhile. We were comforting each other in a way that neither of our spouses had done in a long time. To have the full attention and love of another human, in that moment was all that mattered, no matter how wrong it may have been.

The vodka loosened us up and soon the talk turned naughty again. We talked about a fantasy in which we would meet up at a hotel to fuck. One of us mentioned a threesome and we had a fantasy about bringing a second girl into the mix, but we couldn't decide what the other girl's role would be, because Ashley said she might get jealous. So I said maybe the two of them could go down on one another while I watched and jerked off. This banter went on for awhile and then we decided it was time to disengage our embrace and go inside.

We snuck along the porch and stopped just outside a side entrance and embraced again. We were both more drunk than we thought and were well hidden in a little alcove. Our kissing led to fondling and she helped me pull my rock solid cock out while I slid my fingers up and down on her slippery wet pussy, outside her panties. I tried to remove one of her breasts from her swimsuit top but for some reason she resisted me. She tried to push me away but I came back at her stronger and she pushed against me even harder. She made a fist and tried to hit me in my shoulder while struggling against my embrace. This only fueled my desire so I grabbed her wrists and pressed them above her head against the wall and forced myself against her, trapping her. She struggled and I kept whispering "shut up, shut up" while I reached down and pulled her panties to one side, exposing her soft pussy. I grinded my bare cock against her throbbing clitoris and between her swollen pussy lips while continuing to press her wrists back, silencing her muffled pleas with my open mouth on her mouth. Then she gave in and lifted her chin up with her eyes closed and let me suck on her exposed neck. 

This softened her and she moaned with pleasure and laughed her cute laugh again. I laughed a little and she relented and gave me her mouth on my mouth full force. Our tongues danced together, while our genitals became more familiar, my pre-cum mixing with the juices flowing from her womanhood. The head of my cock flirted with her open hole a few times and I almost thrusted into her, but held back.

I moved my hands down to her ass cheeks and felt that they were cold so I kneaded them with my fingers to warm them, while thrusting her hips toward me. Her ass was tight and firm and round and I couldn't resist the urge to give her a spanking. I spanked her hard twice and she laughed.

I stepped back to take a look at her. Her breasts were swollen and her nipples were hard and large under her white swimsuit top. Her soaked pussy was partly exposed under her swimsuit, pressed a little to one side by the elastic, so that the folds of her womanhood came together and hid her pussy hole. She couldn't stop looking at my cock, which was hanging out, throbbing, yearning for more of her, clear cum dripping from the end. I was about to explode.

Then she did the most beautiful thing - she looked down, let her long hair fall forward, reached behind her head and pulled her bikini top over, and allowed her perfect, gorgeous breasts to flow out. Her areolae and nipples were a beautiful pinkish tan color and perfectly oval-shaped. She had beauty marks on the under side of them that I had never seen - and few men ever had. My heart pounded and I reached out and felt them. First the right breast - much, much more than a hand full. It spilled out between my fingers. I leaned in and took her right breast nipple in my mouth and sucked, while she moaned with pleasure. I moved my left hand to her quivering pussy and stroked it while she returned the favor, stroking my engorged cock.

Then she came at me with a passion and we danced in a sexual embrace that lasted an eternity. I had to hold back from ejaculating numerous times as my mouth explored her breasts, her nipples, her mouth, her neck, her ears and back again, while she continued to jerk me off, trying to milk the cum out of me.

I had been fingering her with my left hand and switched to my stronger right hand and increased the speed and force, while she gasped and bucked and moaned. She contracted and bent forward as the rushes of her climax overcame her. Her legs buckled and I held her up to keep her from falling. She squeezed my cock hard, but I did not cum. I clenched my ass, took a deep breath and stopped myself from spewing all over the porch floor. Not yet, I said to myself. I didn't want to waste it. I wanted only to cum inside that beautiful belly of hers and fill her up.

Just then, as she was recovering from her massive orgasm we heard the front door open around the corner, twenty feet away. Someone was coming! The porch was dark so we quietly slipped into the house through the side door and ended up in the small mud room. It was dark inside and I didn't dare to turn on a light, for fear of being caught. Ashley was still shaking from our session outside as I led her blindly through the mud room into the garage.

We stopped on a landing at the top of the stairway and hugged again in the dark. And kissed some more. And just stood in the darkness together. 

Then we moved onward toward a side door, where we planned to part. She held both my hands with both of hers. I placed her hands on my shoulders and led her through the dark garage. We made a quick plan of escape: She would exit the garage and go inside the house by herself and try to avoid getting caught. I would wait for as long as I could and come in through another entrance and go to bed.

Before she left I stopped her and said, "One last kiss," to which she agreed. And we kissed again and again and on her last kiss she bit my lower lip and sucked on it a little before leaving through the side door.

I waited for about ten solid minutes and snuck back through the garage and up into the mud room. I peeked through a door into the kitchen and saw Ashley standing there wrapped in a towel talking with a couple of people, who didn't seem to suspect anything. Then she moved out of sight and I heard her enter the downstairs bathroom. 

Lucky for me, there is a second entrance to the bathroom and I happened to be standing right beside it. I heard her lift the toilet seat and pee. I waited until she was done peeing so as not to startle her and slowly, quietly opened the door and walked in.

There she was in her bikini in the full light of the bathroom, tall and gorgeous and sexy as hell. She looked at me with a look that said, "haven't you had enough?" I pulled my cock out in response and started stroking it in front of her. Her eyes widened at seeing my size in the full light. She turned around suggestively and let me masturbate while she stripped off her wet swim-suit.

She hooked her thumbs into the band of her bottoms and swayed her hips from side-to-side as she pulled them down, revealing her bare white ass. I moved toward her and put my cock head in between her cheeks and she almost laughed out loud, but I clapped my hand over her mouth and told her to be quiet.

I played around with my hot cock in between her cool cheeks to where I almost came yet again, but I backed off. She then reached up and untied her bikini top while I helped her untie the second strap and it fell to the floor, revealing her perfect white breasts for me to look upon. I took her from behind and spun her toward the mirror and we watched our reflection while I fondled her breasts and grinded my cock against her ass cheeks. She placed her hands over mine and made me press harder and moved them in circles, tossing her head back in ecstasy, whimpering too loudly. She had to stop so she pushed out of my embrace and faced me. She pinched her own nipples and looked again at my rock-hard cock. I could tell she wanted it. But her self-control got the better of her and to my disappointment she reached over and put on a t-shirt.

She scolded me and whispered close into my ear, "we have to stop", while she lightly grabbed my manhood. I gave her a pleading glance and said, "but look..." and held my cock out to her so she could see my clear pre-cum dripping out. "Don't make me..." she said, and then with a resigned look, she dropped to her knees and opened her mouth below me and let the tip of her tongue ever-so-gently taste my juice. She looked right into my eyes while she grabbed my balls and slipped my member into her sweet mouth, slowly at first, and then faster until I felt the rush like pleasurable pins and needles run up my spine and under my junk, bursting through my balls and gushing through my erection into her sucking mouth.

My cock was fully deep into her throat when I exploded. I grabbed her by her hair because I didn't want her to stop, but she had no intention of stopping - instead she let my whole load gush into her mouth and throat until my cock stopped convulsing. 

She backed her mouth off my cock and opened it for me to see a pool of white cum under her tongue. She looked me in my eyes as she slid me once more into her mouth and swallowed me whole, cum and all, while sucking every last drop from my spent member.

She stayed a while on her knees with me in her mouth until I was down to half-hard, flicking her tongue around my cock playfully as my erection slowly went down. Then she stood up and straightened herself out. I pointed to a drop of cum on her cheek and she casually wiped it with her thumb and licked it off with her tongue and swallowed.

Then off to bed we went. She went and crashed in my king bed next to my sleeping wife, while I crashed on the couch with the worlds largest smile on my face. The next day we acted as if nothing happened. We even went out to breakfast, the three of us - Ashley, my wife and me and it was great. At one point when my wife was out of ear shot, Ashley joked that her jaw hurt and we laughed about it. But we both reluctantly agreed that it could not and would not happen again. At least that's what we are telling ourselves.