 Moving down the hallway past the changing rooms, Tina suddenly stopped. Through a gap at the side of one where the curtain where it didn't quite reach the wall, she saw two people, embracing.

She opened her mouth to speak up—she didn't necessarily mind girl-on-girl action, but only one person was supposed to be allowed in the room at a time—but then she noticed that one of them was a man, and they weren't just embracing; they were kissing. Passionately. The moving jaws and wobbling heads told of tongues moving in and out, sliding over each other. Intrigued, she kept her silence and just watched through the gap.

His hands were moving all over her body, fondling and stroking her ass, her tits, pinching her nipples where they poked out under the t-shirt, running up and down through the valley of her crotch. Her hands were equally busy, squeezing and stroking a noticeable bulge in the front of his jeans. Tina felt herself getting turned on; she decided to stay where she was, out of sight, and watch what happened. 

As long as she remained quiet, they would never know she was there. And today was a slow day; Sundays always were. From her vantage point she could also see the register, and if anyone came up to it she could easily move out from the hallway to take care of them.

Her hand crept to her own groin and started slowly massaging her sweet spot through skirt and panties.

Now she was unbuckling and unzipping his pants; she freed his erection, sat down on the little chair, and took him slowly into her mouth, sliding her lips over the swollen head and gradually swallowing as much of it as she could fit. Tina's hand moved faster, and she felt herself getting wet. This was so much fun, watching...

The girl's head began to move in and out along the length of the rigid cock, leaving a glistening wet surface behind on each pass. From where she was standing, Tina could hear soft slurping sounds. Oh, that's hot, she thought. The girl's head moved faster, then faster yet, bobbing in and out in a steady, practiced rhythm; this was evidently not her first rodeo. The boy's eyes were closed and his head tilted back, mouth slightly open, both hands resting atop the girl's head, hips pushing forward to meet her mouth on every intake. It didn't look like his first time, either...

Tina's hand was rubbing back and forth more quickly now, and with greater pressure. She was getting closer to cumming, herself. She glanced again towards the register: nobody there. A drop of wetness escaped her underwear and meandered in a slow path down the inside of her thigh, tickling a little as it went. The tiny sensation turned her on even more.

Then the boy stopped the girl and pulled her upright. He quickly undid her pants and turned her to face the wall; with efficient motion he shimmied her jeans and panties down her legs to her knees, then stepped up behind her and using one hand around his base to guide it began running the mushroom head of his dick along her pussy lips from behind, teasing and stroking but not penetrating.

Oh, this is going to be good, Tina thought as she watched through half-closed eyes. She was sawing up and down now, running the edge of her flattened hand along her own lips, pushing inward to rub across her clit on each pass. The dress was damp where it came in contact with her juices, which continued flowing freely.

Now the boy pushed forward, sliding into the girl from behind until he was fully seated. Gripping her hips with both hands, he began pumping in and out with enough force to make her push back against the wall to keep from mashing her face. One wrist came down to cover her mouth, attempting to stifle the little gasp-moans that escaped with each thrust. 

Tina's own hand quickened in response, pushing inward with her fingers and making quick, savage little circles around and across her clit through her clothes. She was getting close to the edge, herself. 

Then the girl in the changing room was cumming, her body quivering; her knees buckled slightly, and had the boy not had a firm grip on her hips she would have slumped to the floor. A low, sustained moan floated to Tina through the intervening space. A few more thrusts, and the boy was cumming, too, his body suddenly still and rigid, his head thrown back. 

It was enough for Tina; she orgasmed powerfully, waves of pleasure rushing through her body. She closed her eyes and the world went away for a moment—nothing existed but her own spasming pussy.

When she recovered a little and opened her eyes again, she glanced at the register. Luckily no one had shown up during her moments of inattention. She looked back through the gap into the dressing room; the boy and girl were busy putting themselves together. She watched in astonishment as the girl picked up a top she had taken in to try on and wiped herself with it casually. 

That was store merchandise, and she was using it as a washrag! But Tina could say nothing without revealing that she had been watching, so she would remain quiet. Straightening her own clothes—damp, now in the front; she would have to do something to hide that—she walked silently down the hallway past the room and into the store proper.

She walked over to the counter and stood there, letting the last little aftereffects of her climax dissipate. A few minutes later the boy emerged, then a few moments later the girl. They walked past Tina as if nothing was out of the ordinary, and exited the department. Tina waited until they were gone, then went back to the room to retrieve the top.

As she picked it up, she could detect the smell of sex, the salty tang of pussy juice mixed with the slightly chlorine aroma of semen. It turned her on, this physical evidence of what had just transpired there. She decided to hold on to the top, at least for a while, and maybe take it out every now and then during the rest of her shift to inhale that essential odor of unbridled lust. It would certainly make her workday go faster.

She looked up to see Dutch, the store manager, walking into the department. She had been fantasizing a lot about him lately, at night in her bed, her fingers or dildo buried deep in her snatch. He was handsome, and mature, and had nice, big hands and a mouth that made her wonder what it would feel like to have him sucking on her sensitive nipples...

And lately it seemed he was visiting her department more often than was strictly necessary, "just to see how things were going". In response, she had begun to wear more provocative clothing to work—nothing too blatant, of course; she had to maintain a professional appearance. 

But her tops were more cling-y, more sheer, with deeper necklines and dangling necklaces that drew attention downwards to her cleavage; her skirts were a little shorter and a little tighter than one would expect to see on a store clerk; her stockings were patterned, her heels a little higher; she wore leggings more often these days, too, and made a point of bending over for something whenever he was around.

And she knew she was having an effect, not just by the way he kept "dropping in", but by the way his eyes followed her as she walked through the store on some errand or other, or drifted unconsciously to her boobs whenever he talked to her. It excited her, knowing she was exciting him. It was a sweet game, and she loved playing it.

She smiled as he stepped up to the counter where she stood. "Hi, Tina; how's it going, today?" He asked cheerfully, like he always did.

"Slow," she answered. "But it's always slow on a Sunday." And as if to belie her words, two customers at that moment stepped into the department and began browsing through the racks. He glanced around. "Well, looks like your day may pick up—a little, anyway."

Then he noticed the top, which was lying on the counter. She had neglected to put it underneath, as she had intended. "What's this?" he asked, picking it up. "What are these stains on here? How did it get that way?" Either he didn't notice the scent, or he was ignoring it.

Glancing around, she looked back at him and asked, "Uh...could we step somewhere more private? I can explain that, but I don't want them to hear us," she said, indicating the browsers who were within easy earshot from where they stood.

He nodded in understanding; it was common practice not to discuss store business in front of customers. Looking around himself, he indicated a far corner of the department. "How about over there?" he asked, pointing. "No one can overhear us from there, and we can still watch the floor."

Taking the soiled garment from him, she walked over to the place indicated. It was one of those large, round hanging racks, free-standing some four feet high; it was crowded with clothes that hung to within inches of the floor, and a large sign advertised "Two For One—Manager's Special". This collection had not sold well last season.

When she had reached the far side of it, she turned to face him. They were side-on to the main floor, and both could look around to see what was going on there, but they were mostly hidden from any shoppers except for their shoulders and heads.

Unconsciously working the stained top in her hands, she looked down shyly. "I...um...I think two of the customers...well, I think they were having sex in the changing room."

"Again, please?" He asked. Somehow he wasn't quite as shocked as she thought he would be at this revelation. The lack of outrage made her look up.

"Two of the customers had sex in the changing room, I think," she repeated, watching his face curiously. "I saw them come out, a guy and a girl, and I went in to check the rooms, like I usually do, to see if they left anything in there, and I found...this." She indicated the top. "I was going to put it away, and then I noticed the stains, and...well, if you smell it..." And she held it out for him to do so.

He just smiled. Smiled! He shook his head, amused. "Tina...this isn't the first time I've run across this. I've been working here for many years; I started in the men's department. Some people just think it's exciting to screw in a store changing room. It's not something we want to encourage, of course, but it's nothing we can prevent and it's not worth worrying about. Just put the top in the spoiled goods stack and we'll write it off at the next inventory."

His face was slightly flushed. Was he actually a little excited by the thought of people fucking in the dressing rooms? She moved a little closer to him. "So, you're not upset by the thought of people having sex in the store?" she asked in a lowered voice.

He was looking at her speculatively, now, but he didn't move away. A good sign. "Well, actually...no. It doesn't upset me," he said in a guarded tone, then added, "Actually, it turns me on. A little."

She moved very close, now, looking up into his eyes. He was getting excited. She felt her own arousal sparking in answer. She started running one hand up and down his tie, picking at his tie clip with the other. "Have you...ever...done it? Here? In the store?" she asked in a low husky whisper. His eyes locked onto hers, shining and intense, and he smiled. "Maybe," was all he said. His hands moved to her waist, rubbing smoothly down along her hips and back up. 

She left off playing with the tie clip and dropped that hand to rub against the bulge forming in the front of his trousers; his hand that was on the side hidden from the browsers came up to stroke along the side of her breast, tracing the line of her bra and moving inward far enough to run the thumb across her hardening nipple. 

She rose up on her toes to bring her face close enough for a kiss, but he demurred. "Customers," he cautioned. She glanced around; she had forgotten for a moment that there were any other people in the store. But the daring of rubbing her hand along his hard-on out here in the open was deliciously arousing, and the lingering glow of her earlier orgasm made her feel reckless. Looking around frustratedly, she was struck by a sudden idea.

She turned to the clothing rack and pushed the hanging garments to either side to create a gap where they were standing, then turned to face him and dropped to her knees. Walking backwards on her knees, she drew him forward by the waistband of his slacks until his chest was against the bar. 

She was completely inside the circle of hanging clothes, now, hidden from view except for whatever part of her lower legs and shoes could be seen through the inches-high gap between the bottom of the clothes and the carpet; his torso was shielded to either side by those same clothes. Perfect!

Giggling a little, she looked up and met his eyes again. He had been confused at first, but had quickly caught on to what she intended, and anticipation was written in his face. "Watch out for shoppers," she said softly, and pulled down his zipper.

She reached into his pants and fished about for the object of her desire, finally locating it—so smooth, so warm and hard!—and maneuvered it out into the open. She stroked it lovingly for a few seconds, enjoying the red, swollen length, the taut skin of the head, then she firmly pushed her lips around it and filled her mouth with as much as she could take. It felt so soft against her tongue, the salty flavor of his precum titillating her taste. Then she began a slow, steady rhythm in, out, in, out...

He tensed and gave a little snort when she started, slowly relaxing into the cadence of her warm lips, her tongue running along the underside on each stroke. He kept a desultory eye on the browsers, who were still holding up this dress, that blouse, utterly disinterested in the man in the corner of the showroom, uncaring that the salesgirl had disappeared. 

He began pumping his hips slightly, meeting her head each time it moved forward. He wanted to grab the back of her head and fuck her mouth, but that wouldn't do; he didn't know this girl that well, and it would probably attract the attention of the shoppers. So he just let the delicious feelings wash over him, each sucking withdrawal inching him farther up the slope towards climax...

Tina was so turned on now she couldn't stand it. Already aroused from watching the couple in the dressing room and diddling herself earlier, the thought that she was sucking cock in the middle of the store while people thirty feet away were unaware took her off the end of the horny-meter scale. She could feel another orgasm building quickly, and maybe two more depending on whether her plan worked. She wanted the first one quickly, though, just in case.

Using one hand to steady that wonderful, hard, hot shaft as she bobbed on it, she shoved the other under the waistband of her skirt, under her lacy panties, and down to her practically sopping twat. Once there, she started vigorously drubbin' her nubbin.

It only took a few minutes of rubbing for her to cum again. She paused in her fellating long enough for the pleasure to wash over her, spreading out from her groin like heat waves, filling every inch of her body out to her toes, fingertips, and the crown of her head. She still had a mouthful of dick, so she panted through her nose for a few seconds to steady herself, then resumed licking, sucking, and bobbing. That was a good one!

He was pushed up the slope to his own orgasm several notches when he saw her climax; God, this girl was hot to trot! He could feel the sperm filling his nuts, roiling, ready to explode. "I'm going to..." he began, and then she stopped. 

She withdrew completely and using her thumb and forefinger squeezed his tip gently but firmly for a few moments. "I don't want you to cum, yet," she said softly, looking up to his face. "I have something else in mind. Let me know when they leave," she added, meaning the browsers.

He was surprised to feel his arousal back off several notches. And a little disappointed that he wouldn't cum in her mouth, which he'd always thought was extremely hot and sexy. "Where did you learn that?" he asked, looking down. She giggled again. "Girls talk," was all she said, and shrugged.

He looked over again at the browsers; they were making motions towards leaving. "Soon," he whispered down to her. Now that there was no danger of his cumming too soon, she had resumed stroking his rod, but not sucking it. She waited patiently.

"Okay, they're gone," he relayed to the girl on her knees. The browsers were hanging up the clothes they had been looking at and walking out into the aisle. Glancing down, he said, "Now what?"

She let go of his prick long enough to shim her hands down her hips and push her panties to her knees, then stood and turned, bending over at the waist. She had been right; the rack was just big enough for her to bend over and not touch the other side. Bracing one hand against the center pole that was against her waist and the other against the hanging bar on the other side, she presented her smooth, lovely ass for his inspection, wonderfully bare between her rucked-up skirt and the tops of her patterned thigh-high hose. Her sex gleamed with wetness in between, slightly reddened by her arousal.

Looking over her shoulder, she winked. He knew what to do. As she leaned back on her feet, he leaned forward and buried his cock deep in her hot, tight pussy; she was so wet that he didn't even need to work himself in, but went full to the hilt on the first thrust. Oh, yeah! This was new, and sooo sexy...

He began pumping strongly; she pushed back to meet every stroke. The hand that was holding the center bar let it go so she could work her clit, again. She was going to cum again, and she wanted it soo badly. The rack was quivering, rocking forward with each forward movement, the bar slapping him in the chest with each withdrawal.

He moved faster, near to going over the top. She came again, herself, and just stood there as the world went away for a moment, content to let him do the work as she floated away and came back. Oh, how delicious it was...

He couldn't take any more; watching her cum again this way was too much, and the feel of her walls contracting and releasing around his cock sent him over. With one last thrust he paused deep inside her and let the explosion happen—great thick streams of jism shooting out of the end of his dick to wash her insides all the way up to her heart, or so it felt. 

They just stood there, frozen, for long moments. She was euphoric—three orgasms in thirty minutes; that had never happened before. He was trying to get his breathing under control. Doing it here, out on the sales floor, was more exciting than he could have imagined. He'd done it a few times with the redhead in housewares back in the stockrooms, but out here? Potentially in the public eye? That was magnitudes hotter. He really, really liked how this girl thought...

He opened his eyes to see an older lady entering the department. He hadn't been paying close enough attention, or he would have seen her approaching. Luckily she was interested in something at the far end of the showroom.

"Uh..." he said, "we have visitors..." She looked at him over her shoulder quizzically. "I'll take care of them and run interference; you put yourself together as quick as you can." And with that he pulled his softening penis out of her wonderful tunnel, checked to make sure his pants weren't stained in front, tucked himself in and zipped up.

"Can I help you with anything?" he asked as he walked up to the customer.