 I like to leave the office for an hour at lunch. It gets me away from the emails and the phone. As well it gives me a chance to stretch my legs and get a bit of fresh air. I also like to eye up the talent in the town centre. I'm a married man and have worked for the same company since I left school. 18 years if I'm counting. I enjoy it and enjoy the people I work with. Over the years there have been women at work who I have become good friends with, some I have flirted with but I have never fucked any of them. I suppose being married is one of the reasons. The other is not wanting to complicate things with the staff as many of them report to me.

There was one girl about 11 years ago who I think I might have got to fuck if I had been a little more determined and if she hadn't got herself pregnant by her husband and left to have the baby. She never did come back after that. Her name was Ruth and she was just my type. Slim, about 5' 6" with long dark hair. She could always do something with her hair and she always looked good. She and I were attracted to one another but I knew she was married and I sort of limited my behaviour to flirting. We did have lunch once and she even asked me if I would be prepared to "try a fling" and I just gave a vague answer about not wanting to complicate things for her or me but also not being completely against the idea. It was a crap answer and I should have made a move for her right there. In a way, I think her being married stopped me. 

Over the years I have re-lived that conversation in my head many times and wished I had told her how much I fancied her and wanted to fuck her. I also really like her and felt she was someone I could have quite easily fallen for. I sort of decided that I would never waste a chance with her again if I ever got one.

Fast forward to last month and I'm walking through the doors of the shopping centre in the town centre when who should I bump into but Ruth. We did a double take and then smiled at each other.

"Hi Ruth," I said.

"Hi," she smiled. We were both thinking more than talking and both checking each other out.

"How are you?" I asked.

"I'm really well. Its my first day of freedom."

"What?" I asked wondering if she meant divorce.

"Ben just started secondary school today so I'm in town to do a bit of shopping and find a job. Just off to the agency now to sign on their books."

"Ben must be 11." I said sounding surprised. "It can't be that long can it since you left."

"It is. You haven't changed a bit." She said in a friendly voice. I wondered if she was flirting a little.

"So where are you living now?" I asked.

"We got a new place about 3 years ago just outside town in Three Acres." She then went on to tell me about how she and her husband were still together. He was still working every hour god sends and that they had tried but not had any more kids. After about 5 minutes we were running out of things to say but in that five minutes I was really starting to fancy her again. All the feelings started coming back and I was sort of not concentrating on what she was saying as all I could do was think about how good she looked. The long hair was still there, the smile was still there and there was still an edge to her.

"Well," she said. "I better let you go if you are on your lunch. It was nice to see you."

"I'm not in any rush," I said. "Its really nice to see you again Ruth." I spoke slowly as if I was leading somewhere but held my tongue waiting for what she was going to say.

She stared back at me. "Don't you have to get back to work?"

"I do I suppose......Yes.....you're right." The I paused. I wasn't going to let a second chance go. She was staring at me waiting to for me to say something. I was feeling either brave or horny or both. "Can we go back to yours?" I asked

"What?" she asked a little surprised.

"Back to your house. Now. Can we go there?"

"Oh. I see." She knew exactly what I meant. 

I didn't give her time to answer. I wanted her and knew she wanted me. "Come on. We can take my car and I will drop you back here." I gently took her arm and she walked with me through the shopping centre to the car park. We didn't speak the whole way back to the car but we were both thinking about one thing. 

As we both climbed into the car we shut the doors, turned to face each other and then spontaneously leant in and kissed. It was a long passionate kiss. I ran my hand up her dress stoking her bare leg. She stopped me and told me to drive. Two minutes later we pulled up outside her house and I followed her inside. She shut the door and turned. Within seconds we were kissing again. 

"I've waited 12 years for this," she said. I kissed her a little more and ran my hands all over her. We made are way upstairs to the bedroom. As I followed her my stare was fixed on her magnificent ass. She lifted her dress off and I undressed at the same time. Soon we were completely naked and climbing into the bed. It felt fantastic to feel her naked body next to mine. We kissed a little but soon I was on top of her and she opened her legs. My hard cock pressed against her pussy. Down slipped her hand and she guided me in and I pumped. The first few stokes felt amazing and we both groaned with pleasure. Then I started to give her a good seeing to. We were getting hot and she kicked off the covers. I had started slowly and then built up speed. Ruth held her legs high and straight in the air and groaned as I went to work on her pussy with my cock. There had been very little foreplay and the sex was straight forward missionary position fucking.

12 years of thinking back to what might have been all came out in that brief 10 minutes of hard fucking on the bed. As I was about to come I slowed down but she locked her legs round me so I got faster and as I tried to release myself she held on telling me to cum inside her so I did. I fucked every drop I could into her. Looking into her eyes as the last few spasms passed was like nothing else. In less than half an hour we had bumped into each other and now we were making love and making up for lost time.

"You better go," she said. 

I got dressed while she lay there in bed watching me. We didn't speak but we smiled at each other a lot. Ruth just lay there naked without any hint of self conciousness. I took in her tits and her freshly fucked pussy. When I had dressed, I jumped back on the bed next to her and kissed her.

"I've been waiting 12 years for that," I said with a smile.

She smiled back looking like the cat that got the cream. "Me too!"

We exchanged mobile numbers and I left the house, got in my car and drove back to the office. Before I even made it back to my desk I got a text message from her. << Great to see you....hope we don't wait another 12 years till the next time>> I smiled but didn't reply. 

A lot of that afternoon was spent thinking about Ruth. Its fair to say I couldn't get her out of my head. Its not suprising really but I managed to get through the afternoon. Just before 5pm I got another text << Please call in on your way home>>

So I did. I got in the car and drove straight there. When I arrived, Ruth answered the door wearing jeans and a womens rugby shirt. "Glad you could make it," she said taking my hand. She led me into the kitchen and turned away from me. I quickly realised she was undoing her jeans. Then she slipped them over her perfectly shaped ass and bent over the kitchen. "You better be quick, he'll be back before six."

I didn't waste any time. Moving in behind her and undoing my trousers, my cock soon sprung out. She reached between her legs and guided me in. Soon she was grunting and moaning as I fucked her for the second time that day. I reached under her rugby shirt. No bra! This only made me fuck her harder and her moans got even loader. I think she came but I wasn't really paying that much attention as I shot my load deep into her at that exact same moment. I held the position for a few more minutes then pulled out.

I zipped up, she turned round, I kissed her on the lips quickly and left. It was all over in minutes. Two fucks in one day. Who'd have thought it?