 Now I like to think I'm not too superficial, but this had to be one of the ugliest crowds of people I had ever seen. Emma and her new husband didn't seem to have any attractive female friends or family. There were a few of your average bar chicks dressed up in backless dresses that made me stiffen a little, but they didn't seem all that interesting, and they all had big jock boyfriends with them.

I was not having a good time. Not only was I at a wedding surrounded by people I didn't know and had seemingly no chance for a good time, but I was pretty upset about this wedding in the first place. I had known Emma for about 5 years now, and had dreamed of making her my lover since the day I met her. Unfortunately she didn't share these feelings. She always said that she really liked me, just not in 'that way'. One time she even said that she kind of thought of me as a brother. Ouch!

Well, I finally thought that my luck for the evening might change a little, when just as supper was about to be served another group of people came in. With them, there was one girl that caught my eye. She was an absolutely gorgeous blonde who looked to be in her early twenties. I'm thirty-two but I do like them a little younger. Now, at least I'd have something to look at. She was with what looked like her parents and a younger brunette girl, probably her sister or something. This other girl was kind of awkward looking, a late bloomer to be polite. She had big glasses, braces and was wearing a big poofy pink dress. I was watching the table closely, and a few minutes later, I saw the awkward girl getting some birthday cards from what looked to be her grandparents and other relatives. 

I hardly took my eyes off of the stunning petite blond all throughout the meal and the speeches. She was absolutely beautiful. She was about 5'5", had medium length blond hair, and a cute face with dazzling green eyes. She was wearing a grey knit ankle-length dress that clung tightly to every sweet curve, showing off her firm young body. The thin straps of the dress and the graceful swaying of her chest showed that she was not wearing a bra. Even without a bra though, her beautiful breasts, small Cs I guessed, did not sag at all, sitting up perkily and proud. On one of her visits to the bar for a drink, she leaned over the icebox to flirt a little with the bartender. When she turned around and started to walk back to her table, I could see her nipples sticking up about half an inch, even under her dress. I just about fell off of my chair. I guess she saw this, because she turned to me and smiled and winked as she walked past.

Sadly, I somehow lost track of her later in the evening and she and the younger girl were gone. A while later, the awkward girl came back spinning a set of car keys on her finger. I assumed she had given her sister or whatever a ride elsewhere. Typical of my luck, the one bright spot of the evening, a beautiful woman to admire, was gone early. That's when I left the hall to get a breath of fresh air. As I came to accept that my beauty was gone and my night would be a complete loss, I started feeling pretty upset again about Emma getting married. I still carried a huge torch for her. I never even got to first base with Emma though, never mind fucking her brains out like I wanted to. And now, I was getting depressed.

I went and sat down on a bench in the park across from the hall and stared up at the clear night sky. There was no moon but the stars shone brightly. I had been there for a few minutes, when I started to hear some rustling in the bushes behind me. I perked up my ears, but didn't hear anything more for a few minutes. Then I heard some more sounds like someone moving in the bushes, and then what sounded like a quiet moan. I got up and walked around the bench. The noise grew a little louder so I parted the bushes where the sound was coming from. There in front of me, was a shocking, but beautiful sight. 

There was the girl that my eyes had been stalking all night, on the grass in a small clearing in the thick bushes. She was laying flat on her back with her legs stretched straight out. Her eyes were closed. Sweat was dripping down her forehead. She had one arm folded behind her head and the other one inside her dress, moving up and down furiously between her legs.

All I could do was stand there and watch in amazement as she writhed with passion there in the bushes. Her right arm was completely inside her dress, her hand pumping up and down between her legs. She threw her head back, and with the left hand and arm, started massaging her breasts through her dress. She rubbed her elbow over her left tit while squeezing, rubbing, and pinching the other one. Every now and then a small gasp would escape her lips when she'd pinch her nipple really hard. My dick was immediately so stiff that I thought it was going to explode.

Just as I started to wake up a bit and move closer, she started to moan quietly and her hips started bucking up and down wildly. For almost a whole minute, her entire body convulsed madly. If she wasn't so obviously masturbating, I would have thought she was having a seizure. Then suddenly she went stiff as a board, her back arched high above the ground with her ass sticking down, and her body supported only by her feet and her shoulders. She let out a few moans and gasps and kept up the pumping and squeezing. After a few moments, she stopped the pumping and crashed down to the ground in a heap, still with her eyes closed and her arm rubbing her breasts.

I took in the amazing sight a little longer and then turned to leave. I figured she was finished and would just rest for a while before coming in. Then, still not having opened an eye, she said quietly, "Was it good for you?" I couldn't believe my ears! Her eyes had been closed the whole time, but somehow she new I was there.

She licked her lips seductively then whispered, "Come join me and I'll give you a hell of a better time". 

Well, she didn't have to twist my arm. The bulge in my pants was killing me and needed some relief. As I stepped through the bushes, she slowly pulled her arm out of her dress. When I got within a few feet of her, she opened one eye and said, "I was hoping it was you, but I'm so horny I'd fuck anyone right now". 

She stood up and came closer. As I reached out to touch her, she said, "No. Just stand still and I'll take care of you". Sure, whatever she wants.

She went around behind me and helped me off with my jacket. Then she came in front of me and put her lips to mine while she started to unbutton my shirt. Her lips were soft and wet, and so hot it felt like they were burning. I felt her push her tongue through our lips and it was like heaven. She started swirling it all over, licking my teeth, sucking my tongue, and just basically tongue fucking my mouth.

Without breaking the bond between our mouths, she took off my shirt and pressed her body against mine. Oh god, she felt wonderful. Her firm breasts dug into my stomach, and I could feel her nipples poking me. She wrapped her arms around me pulling us together tighter. Even through her dress, I could feel the heat radiating from her flesh. I thought my legs were going to give out right there. I reached around her and grabbed a globe of her sweet ass in each hand. She started moaning and grinding her cunt against my thigh and her stomach against my bulge. All the while, her tongue in my mouth was still blowing my mind.

She started giggling a bit and pulled away, looking down at me. "Your pretty excited aren't you big boy". I wasn't wearing a belt, and the head of my cock had managed to partially escape the confines of my pants, sticking out a couple of inches. Without another word she leaned over and started to lick it. It was all I could do to stop myself from cumming right then. She kept licking the end of my cock, applying saliva liberally. Then she started to alternate between licking and gently kissing it. She slowly undid my zipper and without unbuttoning my pants, reached in and started massaging my balls through my underwear. Then she started to play in my piss hole with her tongue. Now she was tongue-fucking my dick.

I was in absolute heaven and I could feel my balls start to churn. "I'm going to cum baby, I can't take much more." I said, "Unnnggh...here it comes!" Just then, as I was about to spurt, she lifted her mouth off, slid the hand in my pants upwards, grabbed the base of my cock and squeezed hard. I felt an intense pleasure, but did not ejaculate. My legs buckled under me. It was the most amount of pleasure that I'd ever felt without actually spurting.

I was now lying on my back. She bent over and took off my shoes, undid my pants button, rubbing against my semi-hard dick a few times, then pulled my pants off, leaving me in just my socks and boxers. 

She then laid herself on top of me. She started to kiss my neck with soft wet kisses and started grinding her hips again. Her right tit was crushed against my chest, her hard nipple digging into mine. I pulled down the left strap of her dress and reached in to grab the free breast. It was fantastic. Her skin was silky smooth and the breast was very firm but still amazingly soft. I started squeezing and massaging it, while pressing and rubbing her stiff nipple. The light pink areola was pretty small, and it kind of dipped in around the nipple as if it couldn't support the weight. The nipple itself was about half an inch long and stood straight out.

She looked up and stared deep into my eyes with hers. God, she had the most beautiful eyes. They were dazzling bright green with specks of brown. They sparkled and shone with pure lust. Without moving her eyes from mine, she started to kiss her way down my chest. She was now kneeling between my legs, kissing the head of my cock, still staring at me. 

She lifted her head up, flashed me a sexy grin, and pulled my underwear down around my hips. Then she reached under me, grabbed my ass with both hands, licked her lips a couple of times and dove in. Instantly her hot wet mouth enveloped my dick. Her tongue started swirling around the head and underside of my cock in a frenzy. She continued to massage my ass while pumping her head up and down on my cock, never releasing the seal of her lips. 

I was in pure heaven, but I couldn't take my eyes off the sight of her beautiful ass sticking up in the air swaying side to side. The thin grey material of her dress clung to her, showing off the crack between two perfectly round cheeks, and it was truly breath taking.

She took one hand out from under my ass and started to massage my balls again. Her other hand then came out and started kneading her exposed breast. I was either still in shock or pure ecstasy at this time, because I couldn't do anything by lay there and experience this. 

She started to pump her mouth around my cock even harder, each time going farther. I could feel my dick slamming against the back of her mouth. Then suddenly she stopped with her lips just around the head of my cock. She slowly moved downward, her tongue working the underside of my dick the whole way. This time it didn't stop at the back of her mouth but kept going. I was in her throat. She kept pushing until her nose was buried in my pubic hair. It felt so tight and warm around my twitching pole, and her tongue was now massaging the base of my cock.

She started moving up and down slowly again, but never let the tip of my dick out of her throat. I felt the cum start to build in my balls and just as I was about to explode, she changed to short fast pumping motions. She kept this up as I spewed load after load of cum directly into her throat in the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. Just as the ejaculation started to subside, she pulled up and sucked hard on my head till the well ran dry. She then pulled off of my dick with a loud pop, holding my hot cum in her half opened mouth while she caught her breath. Then she looked up at me, stuck out her long tongue, licked her sticky lips and swallowed my seed in a gulp.

She crawled up on top of me and started french kissing me again. The taste of her hot mouth and my own juices wasn't great, but the experience was exhilarating. My dick never had the chance to soften up, and she was now grinding and gyrating her hips and stomach all over me. "I want you," she said.

I started pulling her remaining dress strap down, and she said, "No, I'll do it."

She stood up slowly, grabbed my crumpled shirt, and rolled into a ball. She then knelt down, leaned over me, her loose breast over my face, and tucked the shirt under my head. I don't know what she had planned, but I liked this position too. I leaned up and started kissing her tit all over. Then I sucked on her nipple and pulled as much of her breast into my mouth as I could. When I started flicking her long sensitive nipple with my tongue, she forgot all about her plans. I brought my head down on the shirt, taking her chest with me. I was in command now. I kept flicking the end of the nipple, occasionally grazing it or lightly biting it with my teeth. She was holding herself up with one arm, and madly rubbing her cunt with the other. She had her index finger half way in her cunt, taking the dress with it. She started to moan, louder and louder. Then she let out a scream. I clamped my hand over her mouth. Her hips started bucking and I could see the area of her dress around her hand getting wetter and wetter. I grabbed her ass with all of my strength and squeezed it. Then just as it looked like she was about to climax, I bit down hard on her nipple. She began screaming uncontrollably into my hand. Her whole body began to thrash even more violently than before. She bucked and screamed like a wild animal for about 30 seconds that seemed like forever. Then her arm buckled, her knees came out from under her, and she collapsed on top of me in a heap. Man, she sure was orgasmic.

Her head hung over the side of mine, she was breathing very hard in my ear, her chest was across part of my face and her stomach was moving up and down quickly on my chest. I turned my head sideways to look at her face. She opened her eyes and smiled at me and said, "I like you a lot". 

After lying like this for a few more minutes, she got up again. "Thanks for that babe, but now I'm in charge again." She bent over and pulled my underwear the rest of the way off. When she saw the front of her dress, she looked at me and said, "My, my, look what you've done to me and my dress."

"You should get out of those wet things," I told her.

She started to rub her arms and hands up and down her body, swaying and dancing to some sexy music in her head. I was relieved to see that the bushes around us were quite thick and that the chances of being seen here at night were slim. The possibility though, added to the experience.

Still dancing sexily, she started wiggling her hips and pulling the bottom of her dress upward. Every couple of inches she'd reach over with one of her hands and rub the dress into her sopping wet cunt. Once the spot was wet, she'd drag her index finger up along her slit, showing off the shape of her swollen lips, and then continue.

Under her dress, she was wearing shear black stockings or pantyhose. Nothing makes me hotter than dark black silk on beautiful legs. And boy did she have those. Her ankles were small and perfect. Her calves were well toned and beautiful. By the time she reached the top of her knees, my cock was rock hard again and twitching. When her thighs started to show, I couldn't help but grab my member and start pumping. God they were amazing. Thin, but still curvaceous, they were well toned and I couldn't wait to have them clamped around my waist. As the hem of the dress started to reach what I was really waiting for, the tops of her stockings started to show. She was wearing thigh high stockings pulled right up to the tops of her legs. Fuck did that turn me on.

Then the treasure started to show itself. She was still wearing a pair of sheer, completely see-through black silk panties. They were absolutely drenched, and I could easily see her beautiful pussy. There was just enough material to cover her lips and pubic hair. Small strings then reached up and around, though the panties were so plastered to her cunt that the straps were not necessary at all.

The dress kept moving upward, displaying the flesh beneath the wondrous curves. Her creamy white hips were delicious, her pelvis forming gentle corners at either side. Her waist dipped gracefully in above her hips, and her tummy dipped inward a little above her pubic bone. Her stomach was flat and her belly button was a deep inny. Just then a breeze blew by us and her smooth pale skin was covered in goose bumps. In the moonlight, I could see tiny little blond hairs all across her hips and stomach.

By now, the dress was bunched up below her beautiful chest. I could just make out the curve of her bottom ribs. God, she was perfectly formed. She slowly turned around to show off her other assets. Her ass was a perfect couple of shiny round globes. They were tight, yet looked lusciously soft and formed a perfect heart shape. She did not have a hint of tan line because she wasn't tanned at all. She bent over slightly to show me more. The tiny black string of her panties disappeared into the crack of her ass. In the gap between the tops of her legs, covered by the sheer black silk, was that stunning sight. Big puffy lips parted slightly to show her soaking wet red inner labia. She reached back with one hand, pushed the edge of her panties aside a bit, and sunk her middle finder deep inside herself. She wiggled it around a bit then pulled it out, turned her head around, winked at me, and began to suck up and down on her finger.

Then, in one sudden moved, she spun around, pulled the dress all the way over her head and flung it onto me. I slowly pulled it off of my face, and there before me, stood the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. She stood facing me, naked except for a pair of fuck-me stockings, a see-through g-string, and a devilish smile. My chin was on my chest, and I was transfixed on hers. Her bosom was actually a little bigger than I thought. The two beautiful tits stuck right out though, the bottoms slowly curving up and the tops coming almost straight down to the points, capped off with her fabulous little pink areolas and those long, hard nipples. "You're drooling a little honey," she said, and I was. I was out of my mind with desire. 

She walked over to me and stood over my midsection with a foot on either side of me. I couldn't resist putting a hand on each leg and stroking the silk covered beauties. She grabbed the strings of her panties on each hip and pulled them upwards. The silk triangle reached up almost to her belly button, and the bottom string disappeared between her lips. I had a perfect view of her cunt. Her beautiful blond bush was a work of art. She was shaved all around her pussy, but the hair above it was trimmed and shaped into a perfect little heart just over the pubic bone. So besides being drop dead gorgeous, in perfect shape, and one hell of a good cock sucker, she was creative too.

She kept pulling on the panties until the two strings ripped. She then pulled them forward through her wet lips like dental floss. As the last remaining bits of panties came through her lips, they pulled up on her hood and I caught a flash of her clit. It was red and swollen and looked like it was about as long as her nipples. 

Then in a sexy breathy voice she said, "Did you like the show baby?" I nodded weakly, slowly pumping my blood engorged cock with one hand and rubbing the inside of her thighs with the other. "Well that was just a preview. Stand up."

She stepped back, and I managed to close my mouth and slowly, awkwardly stand up. As soon as it looked like I had regained my balance, she took a couple of quick steps and jumped me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist and started kissing my entire face. Then she leaned her head back and whispered quietly but forcefully "That's enough of the fucking foreplay bitch, take me like the hot slutty little virgin whore that I am. I want you to fuck me like a beast. Ram the shit out of me until your dick falls off." Then she planted her lips on mine and proceeded to kiss me so hard I thought she'd suck my tonsils out. Still holding on tightly, digging her heals into my ass, she reached behind her with one hand, grabbed the head of my cock and put it at the entrance of her sloppy swollen fuck hole. I grabbed her waist, she loosened her legs and I slammed her down around my dick. I felt some resistance, but with the force that I pushed her with and the lubrication of her flowing vaginal juice, my dick kept going in. Her whole face winced in pain and she let out a slight scream, but then clamped her legs tight again and started pumping up and down rapidly. 
