 I had always wanted to be a boat owner, and after my divorce, when the time came to plough most of my savings into a purchase, I soon realized the truth in the statement that "a boat was purely a receptacle into which one pours money".

"Brigand" was a 36 foot ketch – rather neglected - and after the spring months of hectic – and expensive - fitting-out work in the local Marina, I managed to spend some pleasant weekends sailing in the vast Cornish estuary leading to the Marina. I had spent nights aboard in the two-berth cabin, whiling away the late evenings studying for my Yachtmaster's Certificate.

The Marina was fairly full of an amazing array of boat designs – some sail but many powered. 

One evening I was reading quietly, sipping a whisky, when I heard footsteps on deck and a female voice asking if she could down below. I went to the cabin hatchway and in the darkening light saw a young lady in jeans and a sweater, with a marlin spike in one hand (no rings!) and a rusty looking length of chain in the other.

"I'm looking for a strong man" she said, grinning, by way of introduction, "I've tried everything to get this shackle undone, but can't"

"Well, I'll try to help" I said, gesturing for her to come down into the well lit cabin. I could then see that she was about 30, with unruly blonde hair and a shapely figure disguised by the sloppy sweater.

"You've got this looking lovely" she said, "I've seen you working on her. I'm in the cabin cruiser on the next pontoon. By the way, I'm Sue"

"Mark" I countered, looking at the chain in her hand, "Fancy a whisky? It's all I have in the Bar"

"Love one – I'll watch you try this damned shackle for me"

I managed to free the obstinate pin and handed it back to her, taking in the lovely smile. 

"Have you eaten?" she asked as she downed the scotch.

"Not yet –I was reading up on this navigation stuff. Hoping to get my Offshore Ticket soon"

"Got mine last year" she said, "It's not THAT hard – or I wouldn't have one! Anyway, d'you think a simple supper would be fair payment for Services Rendered? – just a Bolognese – there's enough for two if I just do a bit more spaghetti. We could have a glass of Red while it's cooking"

"I'll just tidy myself up"

"Don't you dare!! I'd have to then – and I've no intention of doing so. Just "as you are" will be fine"

Sue picked up her chain and made for the companionway. I followed and secured the hatch before joining her on the pontoon.

"At Last", the cruiser we headed for, was about the same length as "Brigand", but plastic and very modern, with a large cabin and nice afterdeck for fair weather relaxation.

"Are you Captain or crew of this fine vessel?" I asked as Sue opened the cabin door.

"I was promoted to Captain & Owner three months ago" she said with a wry grin, "The previous owner took the house and I took the boat – when we divorced. I work locally so I live aboard. I didn't change the name, but it's very appropriate now" she chuckled, throwing the chain into a corner.

Sue produced and opened a bottle of red wine and poured two glasses before stirring the rather appetizing smelling concoction on the stove.

"We can sample this while I cook the Spag" she suggested, locating a packet of dried spaghetti in a cupboard.

In ten minutes she announced that supper was ready and poured more wine as she dished up the meal.

"May I use the facilities before we eat?"

"Straight through – for'd" she pointed, "You could take the chain & shackle up there – it's for the bottom end of the anchor cable"

I found the Heads in the narrowing bows, beyond a very neat double bedroom and put the chain on the deck before I relieved the effects of the scotch & wine. The bathroom was well fitted, with a shower, above which hung a selection of miniscule panties & bras, drying on a rail. It tended to show Sue in a different light, since her boat-repairing clothes would have conjured up images of white cotton "schoolgirl" knickers.

"Your facilities are a bit more up-market than mine" I said, "although I am beyond the "bucket & chuck it" era - just!! Mine is a chemical toilet, but you're all posh with a holding tank"

"That is rather nicer – especially for a Lady Captain" she grinned.

We sat at the saloon table and the meal was excellent, washed down with more red wine and requiring another bottle before we finished.

During the meal she discovered that I lived in Falmouth and worked as an Estate Office manager, while she was employed by the Solicitors office with whom I did business.

"You haven't recruited any new male crew yet then?" I ventured.

" No" she smiled, "Firstly I've been too busy getting things sorted here, and secondly I was rather fed up with men after my break-up. In fact, you are the first man to come on board – apart from the Marina chaps – and the first to be entertained"

"I'm duly honoured" I grinned, "The same applies to "Brigand" – no females aboard until you appeared today"

As we sat and finished the second bottle of wine, I was beginning to feel pleasantly mellow & we chatted about so many things – the Marina & boats, even touching briefly on the problems of our respective divorces.

Eventually Sue stood up and put a kettle on. "Keep an eye on that while I pop to the Heads"

I was looking out of the cabin window when she returned and felt her hand on my shoulder.

"I have an apology to make" she said.

"Why?"

"Displaying all my work undies to my first male visitor"

"Work undies?" I gasped, turning towards her,"Wow, some work undies"

"No, not Boat-work ones, Work-work ones" she giggled.

"I'm not sure that's a good thing for a recently divorced man to know"

Her face became serious and she let her hand just rest on my chest.

"So you have those problems too?" she said softly.

I looked down into her deep brown eyes. "I don't only think about boats – and since you ask, they've gone right out of my head at the moment"

"And what has taken their place" she asked, smiling up at me, her finger making little twirling movements on a loose thread in my sweater.

"Hard to describe, but if you're really interested, I could show you" I ventured, raising my eyebrows.

"Go on then" she said softly, her voice rather throaty, as she licked her lips

I put one hand behind her head and bent down to her full mouth, kissing it softly.

She shivered and moved closer.

"Do you often show your inner feelings like that?" she whispered.

"Only if I'm invited"

"Show me again, please" she said rather breathlessly, "I didn't quite understand the first demonstration"

Our bodies moulded together and the kiss that followed took a while to complete as it involved the exploration of tongues.

There was a noisy whistling behind me and Sue giggled.

"There, saved by the kettle" she chuckled, reaching around me to turn it off." D'you really want coffee right now?"

"Maybe later – if that suits you"

"One thing at a time, I think" she said, pulling me gently to the saloon settee, and stripping off her voluminous sweater. "It's got quite warm in here"

She helped me take off mine and we sat down, exchanging another kiss as I saw what a shapely figure her sweater had been hiding. Her buttoned blouse was tight across her full breasts and the nipples could be seen plainly.

As we pulled apart, she saw me looking at them and her eyes gave me permission to undo the buttons, one by one. She reached behind her and the white bra loosened so that she could pull it below the sensual tanned curves that were exposed.

"Touch me" she pleaded, "Make my nipples show you what I'm feeling too"

I gently caressed each little pink pinnacle in turn, watching the nipple harden and expand, and making Sue gasp and wriggle as I cupped one breast.

I could feel that my jeans were suddenly far too tight.

"Oh, Mark" she breathed, "You can't imagine how I've longed for something like this when I've been turned in alone at night"

"Yes I can" I assured her, "Different feelings, but the longing has been there for me too"

"Do you ever ----- well ----- you know ---- do anything about it?"

"Oh yes" I admitted, "More than once"

"Me too" she whispered, blushing sweetly, "But this is much nicer, and is having all the right effects"

"It certainly is" I said, adjusting my position so as not to injure myself.

"Maybe jeans are a bit overdressed for after dinner?" she volunteered, realizing my difficulties as she glanced downwards.

"I guess they are really for working on deck, so no need for them in here – especially as it's so cosy"

"Let's make ourselves comfier" Sue said, releasing our embrace and standing up to unzip hers. "I'm afraid I'm not dressed for this sort of occasion"

Before taking off my jeans, I watched her jiggle her hips and step out of hers, revealing very slim shapely legs and a pair of plain blue panties that had seen the wash many times –panties that showed she had been unable to contain her arousal either. She shrugged off her blouse and bra.

"Sorry" she said, helping me to ease mine down, "I wasn't expecting to be giving a fashion show this evening"

"Nor was I" I said, slightly embarrassed by the tatty pair of off-white trunks that were trying unsuccessfully to disguise my erection.

"What a pair" Sue laughed, "I suppose it's our age that allows us to do this - see each other in about the most unsexy attire we could imagine and not be totally ashamed. Come and sit down again, you scruffy man"

We kissed again and my mouth moved down to her lovely full breasts, licking each nipple and sucking gently.

"Mark, oh Mark, touch me where I want to be touched" Sue reached for my hand and put it on her thighs.

"You too – please" I groaned as my hand felt the wet crotch of her panties.

Sue's hand snaked along my thighs and fumbled to extract my raging erection from my pants.

"Oh my" she exclaimed, "You are a big man"

"And you're a very wet girl" I said as I stroked her panties into the cleft between her outer lips.

Sue was breathing harder and writhing as my fingers found the nub of her hard clit.

"Is it wicked if I say I want you Mark? Because I do – rather desperately"

I looked down at her, "You can see the feeling is mutual, but this is where I think our lack of planning may have let us down"

"Sorry?"

"I don't have anything to wear, and unless you are Ok, we mustn't take risks"

"Oh God – I hadn't thought of that. You are such a considerate man – but no good at planning" she giggled, "I haven't done anything about that since my divorce"

"I think we may still be able to finish the evening in a reasonably satisfactory way, but whatever I want or ask for in the heat of the moment, Please keep your hand away from me and let's attend to things one by one. We can start by slipping off those wet panties"

Sue let me peel the soggy cotton down her legs and I was greeted by the sight of firm hips enclosing a lovely natural auburn bush and a pair of swollen lips that glistened with her wetness.

"Although I know a much nicer way to give you pleasure, it will just be my fingers this evening"

Sue moaned and lifted one leg onto the saloon table, spreading herself wide open, "Yeeees --- please ---and soon"

We kissed again as my fingers played gently on the sensitive folds of slippery flesh, making her arch each time I touched her clit. She became wetter and more breathless, clawing my back with her hands.

"Oooooh - Ready" she gasped. 

Was it a question or a statement?

It was an urgent statement - and she gave a great throaty moan as her hips reared up and shuddered with the intensity of her release.

"Mark - aaaaaah – MARK -- Oh Yeeeeees ---don't stop now"

Her whole body writhed and her legs opened & closed as she reached the zenith of her climax with two of my fingers thrusting between her pulsing lips.

I held her close as she gradually calmed down, rocking her gently and stroking her forehead.

"Are you OK" I whispered, cupping her wet mound with my hand.

"I've just been to heaven" she murmured, "Now I'm coming down to earth again. You DO know how to pleasure a lady"

"Thank you, Madam" I grinned down at her sparkling eyes, "Fancy a coffee now?"

"Not yet" she said, moving slightly, "I have unfinished business to attend to, but it means you have to move"

"Oh, Where?"

"It would be nice if you just sat on the table, facing me"

"Oh my god, does that mean what I think you mean?" I said as I changed position.

"Wait and see – maybe you won't like it" she said grinning and sitting opposite my parted legs.

She put both hands on my thighs and stroked slowly towards my raging erection. Then she licked her lips, wriggled forward and bent her head towards it.

The feel of her warm mouth on the tip of my penis was so sensual and she began to suck slowly.

"Oh, I DO like it & this won't take long either" I grunted.

Sue paused & giggled "Sorry, it's hard to speak with my mouth full"

She returned to her task with vigour and her hands caressed my aching scrotum.

She stopped as she felt me throbbing "Will you mind if I don't swallow you"

"My sweet girl, you don't HAVE to take it in your mouth. I'll shout when it's close and I can give you something to massage into those lovely breasts"

"Are you sure? You don't think I'm denying you the best bit?"

"No – just do it – I do so want you to finish me. I feel so full"

Sue started to suck harder and squeezed my balls, stroking right through my crease.

"Aaaaaaaah – enough - STOP" I shouted, trying to pull back.

She waited until she felt me swell and held me in both hands as I erupted.

The first jet of hot cum hit her chin before she could direct me towards her boobs and she massaged me as I had three more explosive & uncontrolled pulses, each one pumping a great blob of white cum onto her cleavage.

Sue grinned & wiped her face with one hand as she rubbed my cum into her breasts.

"You really DID need that, didn't you? I don't think I've ever seen so much!!! How long since you were a naughty boy?

"About three days, I think", I grinned, "What about you?"

"It's Saturday today, isn't it? – so Wednesday evening, next door, on the bed"

"Now it's coffee time?" I queried.

"Definitely" she chuckled, as we untangled ourselves, "but I must go to the heads and have a little wash first"

"I'll do the kettle, then follow you"

Sue reappeared wearing a very attractive silky housecoat and I went to the heads to clean up and replaced my jeans and sweater.

We made coffee and sat looking at each other with silly grins on our faces.

"That seized shackle has a lot to answer for" I chuckled.

Sue laughed and reached to hold my hand.

"If one of us goes to a chemist tomorrow, I think I might have need of some more help"

"I'll go to the Supermarket – It's Sunday, and they open at ten" I said, "Could I return the invitation and ask you join me for dinner?"

"I'd love to and tomorrow I shall dress properly for you – look like a lady"

"Only if you want to, but OK, then I'll at least appear like a gentleman too"

After a very long goodnight kiss I headed back to Brigand and slept like a log until eight.

**********(Part 2 to follow)