 I took a long, refreshing shower, still in a state of shock at how my day had turned out. To recap, I had spent the afternoon sloshing suntan lotion on the two most delightfully bisexual beauties I had ever encountered, spent an hour with my finger up the pussy of one of them and then another hours screwing the other one in the sea. 

I had no idea how the evening would turn out. Amy and Tina, the two well-tanned ladies I just mentioned, had invited me to go clubbing with them. I was hoping that I would end up with one of them in my bed, wrapped around my cock that had stretched to its maximum, though quite average, 7 inches. As I combed my hair and out on my clothes, I found myself wondering which one I would prefer were I to be given a choice. I had to admit I found the Hawaiian Tina, with her island eyes, golden skin, long dark hair to be the more alluring. I have always preferred women with well-rounded asses, and hers was just perfect. In addition, I had got a taste of her pussy juices and boy! I wanted more. On the other hand, there was something to be said about another go with Amy in whose wet pussy I could set up permanent dwelling if she invited me in again. And her gorgeous boobs that bounced as she fucked – with total enjoyment of life. The decision, I guessed, as I zipped up my jeans (which I had chosen to wear as the outfit most likely to hide my erection and any wet, pre-cum patches that seemed to form whenever I was near these two), would be made based on whichever woman was willing to come with me.

Of course, it was equally likely that they would both find another man, or even enjoy another evening in lesbian rapture, in which case; at least I had their moans to enjoy through our common wall.

At that moment, there was a knock on my door and I opened the door to find my heavenly apparitions waiting. Amy, now even taller in high heels was dressed in a flowery dress that came to only a few inches below her tight ass. Most of her well-tanned breasts were uncovered reminding me of how they felt in my mouth before I came inside her this afternoon. Her blonde hair was open and I could smell her apple blossom shampoo as I kissed her cheek. Tina kissed me straight on the mouth, and stuck her tongue deep in my throat, before I got a chance to admire her tight, ultra-mini black dress for too long. As I pulled away from her I noticed it was tight enough for me to not only see her nipples poking out, but if I had a ruler, I would have been able to measure all two inches of them. I could have grabbed both ladies’ asses, had not Amy grabbed mine first and asked,

“Ready, boyfriend for the night of your life?”

 Tina, seeing my shocked expression, decided to up the ante more by rubbing her long fingers down the front of my pants saying, “I can see what is going to give me the time of my life tonight”. 

I knew that the jeans had been a good idea as I felt the wetness of my precum flood my boxers.

We ate dinner and chatted comfortably throughout. The conversation had turned to sex even before we were done with the noodle soup. 

“Hmmmm …I love a man who slurps his soup,” said Tina, “you know he is going to enjoy slurping your pussy later.” I admitted to both that oral sex was a huge turn-on for me and that I enjoyed giving it as much as receiving. With that she let her hands wander under the table to my crotch and she slowly started rubbing wide, murderous circles around my cock. Amy asked me what my best oral sex experience was so I told her about the first woman I had sex with, Kumiko, the Japanese college student, whose blow jobs made me scream like no woman since. 

“I never knew what she did differently,” I told my eager audience, “but something about the places she applied pressure with her tongue and her teeth actually made me scream. And not words like ‘suck me, make me cum’ …I used to yell out what could only sound like a man about to die of pleasure. I know that everyone on my college dorm would hear me those nights. And she always swallowed every drop”. 

Tina’s other hand was now under her dress, so I let my fingers join hers there. I could feel her shaved pussy under her panties and I moved them aside to dip my fingers into something really juicy. 

“What was your sexiest oral experience, Amy?” she asked, working my fly open with her right hand and rubbing her pussy all over my fingers. Amy looked lost in thought as she recalled a night a year ago when she had found herself sharing a hotel room with two airline pilots. 

“I remember you telling me about them.” Tina said, freeing my cock under the tablecloth and slowly peeling my foreskin back. 

Amy began, “We had fucked in every conceivable position and we were about to go to sleep. Frank, the taller one, still had his cock in my ass, when suddenly Paul, the one with the thicker dick, went down and started licking my clit. Something about the throbbing cock sloshing in my cum-filled asshole, and the sight of Paul’s lips tugging at my clit, gave me a volcano of an orgasm. My juices actually squirted out of me like a man’s cum and caught Paul smack on his face.”

With that I felt gush of juices on my left hand – and I knew Tina had come on my fingers for the second time today. I was about to follow when the waiter arrived with our bill, depriving me of my first chance to come in public.

We headed to the beach club right next to our hotel. As I walked behind them, I had to pause and admire their gorgeous asses one more time. With every step, Amy’s dress moved up to allow me a view of her swaying ass. Tina’s dress was too tight for that, but the lower half of each ass cheek was visible to all. In addition I could see her panty line go right down her ass crevasse, and I cannot tell you how the sight of panty lines vanishing into a butt crack can excite me.
Inside the club, we were possible the most heavily dressed people. Most people were stripped to their bathing suits. There were gorgeous asses and tits everywhere, but I knew I had my hands full with the ones I was walking in with. We hit the dance floor immediately amid scenes of women pulling aside bikini tops to allow men a quick glimpse, or in one case I noticed to my left, even a tantalizing suck. Fortunately dancing is among the few things I do well, and Amy and Tina were clearly enjoying themselves. They rubbed against my legs alternately, and at one point Amy positioned herself behind me and Tina in front of me so that I could feel the blonde’s tits against my back while my cock rubbed hard against the brunette’s tempting ass. We did that for a whole song, and I knew, another verse and I would have come. When Amy went to the loo, I was relived to see that these two girls were not the kind go pee as a team. Tina wrapped her arms around my neck and I smelled her musky odor of sweat and aloe lotion. I placed my hands on her ass and worked them under her tight dress. I looked down and could see those miraculous nipples pushing against her dress. By the time my tongue touched hers, my hands were rubbing her ass in long, erotic circles. She moaned into my mouth and lifted herself so that her legs were wrapped around my waist. I moved my fingers until I had them in her pussy again. 

“No!’ she panted in my ear, “this time I want your cock inside me”. 

Just then, lovely Amy came back, her tits heaving with emotion. 

“Let’s get out of here, those foul, fat, German businessmen from Frankfurt just offered me cash to sleep with all of them, yuck! Let’s go back to the room and have a private party.” 

‘Suits us fine” said Tina, and I realized that there was going to be no choice. I was heading back to the room with both these dripping pussies. And all the way back both girls gave me previews of things to come. Tina let me pinch her rubber-like nipples, so Amy showed me her breasts. Tina lifted her dress and allowed me to see her naked ass, so Amy stick her finger in her own pussy and let me lick her juices, (that was my first taste of Amy – and I found she was tangier, though no less delectable, than her friend). Finally, as Amy unlocked the cabin, Tina grabbed her friend’s juicy fingers and licked them too. 

She then kissed Tina hard on the lips and said “That’s what I want. Your pussy in my mouth and his cock in my cunt.” If only I had a tape recorder.

They both led me to the bedroom that had one oversized love bed. They lay me down. Amy unbuttoned my shirt slowly as she let me run my tongue all over her neck and chest and inviting, mountainous cleavage. Underneath, Tina had opened my jeans, and was pulling them down. She placed her mouth over my drenched boxers, and sucked me through the thin fabric. She allowed her hands to wander up my legs and gently squeezed my cum-filled balls. I moaned into Amy’s tits. They then pulled way from me as I lay there in only my boxers, my cock making an obvious, wet tent in my boxers. As I sat there, they started the show of a lifetime. Kneeling at the edge of the mattress, they lifted each other’s dresses so that both were sitting in just the tiniest panties.  Their crotches were already wet, as first one then the other licked and sucked the other’s melons. Tina attacked Amy’s large jugs with hard love bites that made the blonde scream in pleasure. She seemed to prefer it gentler, because Amy took each quarter-sized dark nipple in her mouth only after tonguing the brunette’s areolas for what seemed like an eternity. While her nipples were getting such an unforgettable treatment, Tina ran her fingers under Amy’s blue lace panties and ripped them off passionately. Amy lay back so that her head was on my lap. She threw her head back as the other girl expertly started working her tongue around her glistening pussy. Her light, pussy hair was trimmed neatly to a triangle above her clit. Tina allowed her tongue to move slowly up and down the entire length of Amy’s cunt before beginning to work on the blonde’s clitoris. As Tina’s tongue hit the sensitive, exposed nub, Amy’s head rolled from side to side and she found her mouth next to my very erect cock, She removed it quickly form my boxers and started licking the head to match Tina’s pace on her clit. When her clit was sucked, she sucked my cock, when the pace intensified; she started moving my dick in and out of her mouth. She soon turned so that her ass was in the air, with Amy working her pussy from behind. This gave her full access to my cock which she now took deep into her cavernous mouth. I saw Tina’s long finger edge their way into Amy’s asshole, and I remembered Amy’s story from the restaurant. Sure enough, within seconds, she was moaning with my cock in her mouth as Tina’s well-tempered tongue on clit and fingers in ass brought her to a rousing climax. As she came she took my cock deep into her throat and I could feel the vibrations of her sounds all along my dick. She eased her head off my crotch and sat up and hugged Tina lovingly and then licked her own pussy juices off the other girls chin. 

“Oh yeah, I taste good! But you should taste his sweet cock” she said to Tina.

But Tina had naughty plans of her own. She stood on top of my face and slowly removed her black panties. I looked up to see the pinkest shaved pussy ever landing on my mouth. I stuck my tongue in ready to make her come, but that was not her plan. 

“That was just to remind you what pussy tastes like, honey, you are going to fuck my pussy like I have wanted you to since you started rubbing lotion on my back this afternoon.” And with that she lowered herself onto my waiting erection. She moved slowly so that I could feel every inch of her juicy pussy embrace my penis. First the head on the outer lips, then in the warmer depths and soon my pubic hair was tickling her thighs. She started moving as if she was dancing, throwing her arms above her head and allowing me to see her waist move around and around, up and down, front and back. 

I was captivated by the way she was moving her crotch, when she said, “Suck my tits, lover boy!” and then I looked up and there they were, the nipples I had been staring at obviously all day, right before my mouth. I opened wide and took them in. I thought things could not get sexier when I felt something wet lapping at my balls, and I realized that Amy had moved so that she could lick my balls and Tina’s asshole as we fucked. I could see her in the mirror behind the bed, sticking her tongue into Tina’s bunghole and then tonguing my balls with all her energy. My mouth on her nipples, cock ripping up her wet cunt and her girlfriend’s tongue in her asshole were all too much for Tina who screamed 

“I am cooooooommmmmmming!” and then clamped down on my cock, just before letting her natural deliciousness ooze out from her orgasming cunt. 

“Oooh, babies,” she said, “that was the most exciting moment of my life”. 

“Not yet. Remember you wanted to be licking my pussy while having him fuck you doggy style” said Amy remembering the earlier discussion at the door.

Without further discussion, she lay down where I had been; spread her legs and pussy lips. Tina lifted her dripping cunt from my cock and started working on the blonde’s crotch again. She lifted her scrumptious ass high in the air and I pounded my nearly exploding cock deep into her love pot. I noticed her distended asshole from Amy’s licking and could still distinguish some saliva around her dark ring. I placed my finger on her asshole and, with a moan of encouragement from her, I matched the rhythm of my finger fucking her ass with my humping of her pussy. Her holes were both still sensitive and she approached a series of orgasms quickly. I soon felt the cum rising in my balls. 

“I am going to come soon,” I announced as Tina felt another wave of orgasms rip through her pussy. Amy got up, came around and amazed me by licking the back of my neck, all the way down my back until she reached my butt. In one swift move, she grabbed my balls and stuck her long tongue deep in my ass. I moaned, and again as Tina removed her ass from my crotch and faced me. I looked into her lovely almond eyes, sucked her nipples for a few seconds, before she smiled at me, dropped her head and took my cock in her mouth for the first time. Amazingly, she found the same spots massaged so expertly by Kumiko nearly a decade ago. 

I screamed out the same unintelligible “aaaaarghhhmmmmmnnnaaaiiiiiii”, and then I just let it all out. I felt it flow out of my balls, steam its away up the length of my cock and my first spurt hit Tina’s throat. I felt her swallow around my cock coaxing another load to come out into her mouth. She removed my cock from my mouth and aimed it at her gorgeous nipples which I obligingly painted white with some more come. Amy, stopped tonguing my asshole, caught a few last squirts in her mouth, licked me and then rubbed me against her melons. I amazed myself by shooting one more load onto her. Finally, Tina took me in her mouth and let me go flaccid while running her warm tongue around my sensitive head. I made a few more sounds, throbbed a little more, saw the girls lick my cum off each other’s faces and tits, and collapsed in a heap of spent sex.