 This is based on a fantasy that has developed in my mind over the past several months as Brittni4u and I have exchanged emails. I encourage you to read her stories. Her name and email are included in this story with her permission and encouragement.

Enjoy!

*****

January 5th, 2017

From: abob1

To: Brittni4u

"Hey, sexy. So we've been emailing now for almost a year, and I never thought I would be comfortable enough to ask you this, but I'm wondering if you would want to meet in person. My company sends me to San Francisco every January, and I'll be there in a couple weeks. I know you're a California girl. Any chance you are relatively close to San Fran, and, if so, would you want to meet? I completely understand if the answer is no, just thought I'd put it out there."

From: Brittni4u

To: abob1

"Hey baby! Wow, I honestly never even considered meeting you in person since you live on the other side of the country. I am not particularly close to San Fran, but can get there in a few hours. Just to be safe, would you mind meeting me in a public place somewhere, instead of your hotel room?"

From: abob1

To: Brittni4u

"Great! Yes, of course we can meet in public. How about the Ferry Building Farmer's Market, two Saturday's from now, at 10am. I'll meet you at the Blue Bottle coffee shop there. And, for the record, since you made reference to my hotel room: I don't want to have sex with you. I do, however, want to photograph you, if you're willing. I am an avid amateur photographer, and would love to take some x-rated pictures of you. You could hide your face for the sake of anonymity. What do you think?"

From: Brittni4u

To: abob1

"I knew you were naughty, baby. I can meet you there. What do you want me to wear?"

'Wow, this is moving fast,' I thought to myself. I had never in my wildest dreams assumed that I'd be able to dictate what she would wear. I wrote back that she should wear whatever she most enjoys stripping out of, with her favorite thong underneath. She wrote back all giggly and excited, then we exchanged phone numbers, and agreed to meet in two Saturdays.

...

For the next two weeks, for the entire flight to the west coast, and the Friday before, I was panicky. What was I doing? Brittni was sexy as hell. Not just her appearance, but her skills as a writer and storyteller were all big turn-ons for me. Even though I made it clear that I did not want to sleep with her, I was racked with guilt that this was, on some level, cheating. And I love my wife. So why put myself in this situation?

I convinced myself that I "deserved" this opportunity, for standing by my wife through all of our years of celibacy. We literally never have sex, and I wasn't planning on having sex with Brittni anyway. Repeating this to myself hundreds of times over the two weeks prior, I built up the nerve to go through with it.

I made a point to get to Blue Bottle at 9:45am, not wanting Brittni to have to wait for me, and risk her walking away from it all. Plus, this way I could keep an eye out for her and enjoy watching her walk.

She arrived about ten minutes later, five minutes earlier than our agreed upon time. She was wearing an adorable summer dress, one that she had worn in a picture she had sent me shortly after we started writing. She was as stunning as every image she had sent me. Her legs were toned, tanned and long. Her feet were graceful in a white pair of flip-flops. Her blonde hair cascaded down over her shoulders, which themselves were exposed save for the spaghetti straps of her dress. The white dress was form fitting around her midriff, but loose and flowing around her thighs. It stopped just above her knees.

She was looking away from me, scanning the throngs of people for the face in the picture I had sent her. I steadied my nerves, admiring the shape of her ass as I built myself up to walk over to her. My knees felt weak as I stood, but when I saw her turn slightly, and noticed her smile in profile, my concerns melted away.

I approached her from behind and gently tapped her shoulder. "Brittni?" I asked, though I knew it was her.

She turned quickly, seemed to take me in with her eyes in less than a second, then threw her arms around my neck. 

"Hi!" she squealed as her feet came off the ground. Her slight build was easy to support, and it made me feel so much better knowing that she trusted me enough right off the bat. She put her feet back on the ground and pushed me back to arm's length again, looking me up and down. 

"Wow, you are just as sexy as I imagined!" she said.

"You're more so that I imagined," I replied honestly. God, she was even hotter when she smiled. "I can't believe we're actually meeting in person."

"Me neither, but I'm really glad we did," she said.

"Can I buy you a coffee?"

She responded by hooking her arm around my elbow and steering us towards the back of the line. I blushed, but loved how flirty and at ease she was with me. As we waited in line, she asked me about my career and what I was doing in San Fran, which I answered honestly. She kept looking into my eyes when I gave responses, as if she was genuinely interested in me and what I had to say. This was another turn-on for me, that she was honestly engaged in our conversation. She asked informed follow-up questions, which belied intelligence beyond her years. I was impressed. 

Once we had our coffees, we sat down and continued to talk. But she quickly accelerated the conversation.

"So, I have to be honest," she began in a hushed voice to prevent being overheard. "As soon as you agreed to meet in public, I got so wet! I really wanted to meet you at your hotel, but thought I should be safe and meet in public. But now that I've met you, I trust you, and I want to go back to your room right now."

Who was I to refuse? 

...

Ten minutes later we were back at the hotel. She grabbed my hand as we made our way to the elevators, and pulled me inside the first one available.

"I want you to start taking pictures now," she said. She moved to the opposite end of the elevator and turned to face the wall. "Get out your camera phone."

I fumbled for it in my pocket, and by the time I had it out she was lifting the back of her dress over her ass. Beneath her skirt, she wore a tantalizingly taut white thong, not much more than a string around her waist, a string up her ass and a small patch of triangle fabric connecting them. I took as many pictures as I could. 

She giggled a she reached down a bit and started shaking her ass cheeks with both hands. I quickly switched to video to catch all the action. As the elevator continued to rise, I realized I might never need to browse the internet for porn ever again. This elevator ride alone might cover me for the rest of my life.

She hooked two fingers under the waistband of her thong and slowly started lowering it down over her ass. Turning her face over her shoulder, her mouth slightly agape, a subtle moan escaped from between her lips. 

Sadly, the bell alerted us that we had reached our floor. She pulled the thong back up, but she stepped off without lower her skirt. 

"Not quite yet, baby," she teased.

Walking ahead of me, she looked back and found me drooling over her perfect ass as she strutted. I was as impressed with her butt as I was with her eyes. Everything about her was alluring. 

When we reached the door to my room, she stepped to the side so I could enter the key card. With my back now turned to her, she reached around me and placed the palm of her hand against my cock, which was rock hard and straining against my jeans. 

I put my hand on top of hers, originally intending to pull it away, but it felt so good. 'I told her I didn't want to have sex,' I thought. 'But I guess this isn't sex, and it's still over the clothes.' I used that thought process to justify keeping her hand there.

Once inside the room, she put her arms around me and looked right into my eyes. "Are you sure you just want to photograph me?"

In that moment, images of my wife rushed through my head, emboldening me and strengthening my resolve. 

"Yes, I'm sure. I hope that isn't too big of a disappointment," I said.

She pouted playfully. "No, just a small one."

I smiled. "I still think you're going to have fun. Would you start by sitting on the edge of the mattress?"

She positioned herself on the corner, with one of her legs on either side of it as I set up my DSLR Canon Camera. I adjusted the blinds to let in just the right amount of natural light, and as I turned back to her I was once again stunned at how beautiful she was. Seeing her parted legs dangling off my mattress made me feel dirty, and I'm sure it was achieving the same thing for her. I switched the camera to black and white mode and started shooting.

"Lean back and put your hands on the bed behind you," I suggested. She quickly and willingly did so. I took a few more pictures from multiple angles as I walked around her. "Please part your legs a bit more."

Again, she obeyed quickly. 

"Whatever you say, sir," she said in a slightly submissive tone. My cock twitched in excitement. It hated my stoicism in this moment. It wanted to break through my jeans and get all over Brittni. 

"Now, can you start to lift your skirt over your head, but stop when I say so?"

She smiled, seemingly excited that the action was starting to heat up. She bunched the skirt up with her hands and started to lift it over her head.

"Go slow," I said.

She did, enabling me to photograph every agonizing stage as another inch of her flat stomach was revealed. I took a burst of photographs as she lifted it over her chest, and a white, lacy bra and several inches of cleavage popped into view. But I stopped her as the dress started to come over her head. Her face was only visible from the tip of her nose down, with her eyes and up hidden by the dress. Her arms were entwined in the dress above her head. She looked vulnerable, which was the condition I was aiming for. 

I walked around her, letting her hear my footsteps, hoping to throw her off a bit and cast an element of uncertainty in her mind. But this girl was unflappable. She smiled, loving the feeling of relinquishing control. I put on a macro lens and took some close-ups of her sensuous lips.

"Open your mouth for me, and gently lick your lips, baby," I said. She did so with a wicked chuckle. I snapped as many pictures as I could as her tongue slowly added a layer of glossiness to her lips. I pictured those red lips wrapped around my cock as her eyes looked up to me, and my raging cock practically demanded to be released from its confines.

"OK, you can take it all the way off now." She did so, and I could see in her eyes that she was really excited. 

"I got some great ones there," I said.

"Can I see them?"

I put the camera in review mode and sat next to her on the bed as I flipped back through the digital roll.

"Wow, you're really good at this! I honestly don't know that I've ever felt sexier that I look in those photos." She dipped her left hand between her legs and gently stroked herself. "And it looks like they're working for you, too, baby," she said, gesturing to my cock.

"Yes, they certainly are," I said. "They are easily the most erotic pictures I've ever taken. Should we go on?"

"You're the director!"

"Great. Stand up, turn around, and undo the latch of your bra."

With a sly smirk, Brittni stood, turned her back to me, and reached behind her back to release the hook. 

"Perfect. Now turn your head towards me a bit, so I can see you in profile. Look down towards the floor, demurely, like you're aware of my presence."

I zoomed the lens and framed up the picture so I could see the top of her bared shoulder, the slender curve of her neck, her jaw line and those devilish lips. After snapping a few pictures here, I zoomed back out and got a full shot of her incredible body, making sure her sublime behind was in perfect focus. 

"Now, let the bra fall and lie face down on the bed. Great, now lift your hips and feet off the mattress, so that only your torso and knees support your weight."

"Oh, you are such a naughty boy."

"Only around you, baby. Now, I'm going to ask you to do the next thing three different times. I'd like you to hook your thumbs under the waistband of your thong and slowly peel it over that perfect ass of yours." 

"OK, baby, but why three times?"

"Because I want pictures, a video and a boomerang gif. It won't take long."

This was, as I fantasized about this day, the shot I was most looking forward to composing, and Brittni was the complete fantasy personified. She wiggled her butt at me, further torturing my straining erection, and started to slowly slide her thong towards her knees. I started by shooting photos, taking a whole burst of them as the thong peeled over her flesh. 

The moment that the waistband snapped down after overcoming the largest portion of its arc was the most tantalizing part, and a part that could not be captured with a still camera. That's why I needed her to repeat the move with the video function on my camera. It was fucking beautiful.

For the third time, I used my camera phone and made a boomerang gif, which plays the same gif forward and backward over and over. So I had the most exhilarating moment of my life playing on repeat in my pocket whenever I wanted to view it.

There was a particular moment that I did not anticipate that turned out to be the highlight of the photo shoot. As she lowered her thong the last time, the small patch covering her pussy clung to her lips, slightly sticky from her excessive juicing. As it snapped free, I couldn't help but consider the parallel of myself losing the grip of my stoicism. 

"Can I see, baby?" Brittni asked me. I sat next to her again, and she put her head on my shoulder as she watched it. "Oh, baby, that's so sexy! You make me feel so good about myself." She moved her hand to my pants again.

"Maybe if you don't want to fuck me, we can at least do some manual stuff?" she suggested. 

Fuck, I didn't want that. Manual stuff is what I did with my wife, and what I could do for myself. I wasn't going to risk cheating on my wife just for some manual stuff. 

"I don't think that's a good idea," I said with a shaky voice. I think she could sense my concern.

"Baby, I didn't come here just to get photographed. I need to get off so badly."

Her insistence and my cock's agreement were slowly eroding my will power.

"Well, I was hoping to get some photos of you masturbating. Would that work?"

Brittni swung her leg over my lap so that she was straddling me. I could feel the wetness of her pussy even through my jeans. Her perky tits were pressed against my chest. She lifted the strap of my camera off of my shoulders and put it on the bed next to us.

"No. That won't work." She slowly started to grind her hips against me, causing her pussy lips to spread around the bulge in my pants. "What else you got?"

Fuck it. There was no way I was getting out of this without cheating. Maybe I could minimize the level of cheating. 

"Well, my wife never lets me eat her out. I'm not that good at it, but I'm willing to try." 

The words had barely escaped my lips when Brittni pushed against my chest so that I fell back on the bed. "That's a good boy," she said as she shimmied up the length of my body. "You don't have to be that good, just keep your tongue out and I'll take care of the rest."

She grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled it towards the mattress, forcing my chin up and mouth open in shock. The next moment, she mounted my face and started smearing her juicy pussy against my lips. The way she pulled my hair stung a bit, but I could not have cared less. Her pussy tasted like ambrosia, and she was so sensual as she rode me. 

She held my hair like the reins of a horse, and slowly swiveled her hips in a circular motion. I could tell what she was doing. She was using my tongue to tease herself. She held my head still, and with my tongue extended she traced it around her lips. It was so erotic. Slowly, my saliva started to mix with her juices, creating an elixir so satisfying and sexually charged that I nearly spewed my cum out of my untouched cock into my jeans. 

"Stick your tongue out further, baby. Push it in my cunt as far as you can."

I obeyed, fully in her control, and stuck my tongue out as far as possible, while opening my mouth, eagerly slurping at her sex. 

"Fuck, that's good baby. Now, I'm going to slide back a bit. I want you to suck my clit into your mouth and keep sucking until I explode."

Fuck, even if I weren't forced into this position, I would have done that willingly. She slid down so that her asshole pressed against my chin and her rosebud push insistently at my lips. I pursed and aimed my lips towards my target and sucked hard. It slid right into my mouth and budded against my slick tongue.

"Fuck yes...that's it...keep sucking!!" she yelled above me.

I kept her clit in my mouth and flicked the head of my tongue against it as rapidly as I could, which seemed to work. She squirted right into my mouth with a shriek, pulling my hair so that I was mashed against her spasming pussy. Her juices tasted sweet, slightly salty and a bit funky, but those flavors all came together to create something sublime. It was the new most erotic moment of my life. 

She looked down at me from her perch on my face, smiling and panting heavily, her chest swelling and compressing with each exaggerated intake of oxygen. It appeared that every inch of her skin was glowing. Her forehead was perspiring, her hair a bit disheveled, but she was absolutely beautiful nonetheless. She moved her body down mine, freeing my face, and her hips approached mine.

Without any warning or asking permission, she pushed her lips against mine and pushed her tongue into my mouth. She moaned sensuously, and as she kissed me I felt her pussy lips gliding across my stiff cock. God she was amazing. 

She broke the kiss off and separated her face far enough that our eyes could meet. "My juices taste so good in your mouth." She kissed my lips again, swirling her tongue around it, before dismounting me.

I laid there exhausted, in awe of what had just happened, and found myself surprisingly lacking in guilt. I wanted more.

"What are you doing," I asked as she yanked my jeans down and grabbed my cock.

"Paying you back, silly!" she giggled as she lowered her lips to it. 

When she closed her mouth around me, my eyes rolled to the back of my heads. It was stunning. Her warm, wet mouth felt incredible in contrast to the cold air conditioning of the room. I felt like the skeleton inside my body evaporated, that every part of me turned into pudding as I melted at her touch. Well, every part except my raging, bulging erection, which was standing prouder than it ever had before. 

Brittni bobbed her head up in down, and any concern I had about cheating dissipated. There was nothing I wanted more in the world than for this to continue eternally. 

Brittni removed her lips momentarily and started stroking my dick with her hand. "Do you want to cum in my mouth, or will you fuck me?"

"I don't ever want you to stop sucking my cock, baby."

"Oh, that's a shame. I really thought I had you there."

"Babe, I've already gone so much further than I thought I would have, you should be proud you were so convincing! But, I'm sorry, I want to be able to say that my wife's pussy is the only one I ever entered."

Brittni shrugged, "Well, have you ever fucked her ass?"

"Fuck me," I said. "Keep sucking!"

She obediently put her mouth back on my cock, and I held her head there as my cock exploded. The mention of ass fucking was what put me over the top. No, my wife had never let me fuck her ass, but the thought had certainly crossed my mind. It was unquestionably too taboo for her, but Brittni seemed willing. 
