 I felt both girls crawl up on either side of me and snuggle against my body. Tina ran her hands through my chest hair, while Amy’s hands were occupied distinctly lower. As they turned toward me I could feel the wetness of our bodies – our sweat, my cum, their juices, saliva all distilled into one heavenly coital perfume. 

“ I need to pee” Tina whispered in my ear, “will you guys come with me”. 

We all three went to the toilet where Tina immediately sat on the seat and I watched enthralled as she let this golden stream of pee rush out from between her legs. It added to the erotic scenes of the day to see this lovely tanned goddess sit with her legs apart and let out this steaming piss. Amy meanwhile was filling the Jacuzzi tub with water and bubble bath. As she leaned over I could see her pussy lips between her legs and tight ass. These two scenes had me already excited despite having been drained just minutes earlier. Tina noticed, leaned forward, and licked my exposed, and now very red, cock head. She kissed it gently, stood up and we all sat in the tub. The two girls sat across from me and I felt their legs rubbing up and down mine. Every now and then a toe would make sure that I stayed hard, as if the sight of their breasts with the water lapping against them would not be enough. Amy turned to kiss Tina and within seconds they had their tongues in each other’s mouths again. Soon, their feet were stroking the full length of my dick as it appeared standing out of the water like a proud ship’s mast.

Their kissing was now getting heavier as it was accompanied by their moans and petting. Tina was pinching Amy’s nipples, while Amy was clearly using her hands under water and between Tina’s thighs. 

“Suck my nipples!” Amy ordered in a deep, throaty voice, adding, “Suck them as hard as you know I want you …” She never finished the sentence, I assume because Tina sucked her pink, puffy nipples even harder. She recovered her senses and looked over at me. 

“You like watching us as much as you enjoyed listening to us last night?” she asked me with what would have been a mischievous glint in her eyes if I had been looking at her eyes. I was mesmerized by what Tina’s beautiful moth was doing to Amy’s large melons, which looked bigger with each sucking. 

“You should feel her pussy right now,” she continued, “and her clit is the size of my little finger. I want to suck it like she sucked your cock”. 

Tina must have liked the sound of that because she wordlessly lifted her head from Amy’s chest, kissed her deep on the mouth and then stood up. I watched the water and soapy bubbles run off her body as she walked over to me. She looked me in the eye, and then turned around so that her beautiful luscious ass was directly before my eyes. I reached up and grabbed her ass as she sat down in my lap, grabbed my poker-hard cock and started moving my foreskin up and down. My head was still sensitive from the earlier action and was distinctly red. 

“I want this inside me again,” she said leaning back against me and licking my ear, “I want to feel your cock throb deep in my wet pussy …deep inside …inside” she moaned as she coaxed my very willing rod into the Promised Land. She spread her legs wide on either side of me and started moving her ass in small, tight circles. She reached out and grabbed Amy’s blonde hair and pushed the other girl’s face between her legs. Amy knew what she wanted, but decided to tease us.

“What do you want me to do? I want you to tell me.” 

“Lick my clit!” ordered Tina as her movements around my cock became more urgent.

“But you have a cock inside you” Amy said, touching the one inch of my member that was not inside Tina’s cunt, “how can I lick you?”

“His cock is in my cunt, my clit is swollen above that. Look! You can see it, it’s pink and big and begging for you lips, Amy, please ..suck me while he is inside me,” she begged and with every word her pussy walls massaged my penis. Apparently the begging worked because Amy dived onto Tina’s clit that was barely above the water. As she took Tina’s brazenly swollen nub into her mouth, Tina’s pussy contracted like she was squeezing juice out of an orange. She screamed, but never stopped moving. 

“That looked like fun,” said Amy, “I think I want to try that. Let me put his cock inside me and you lick my clitty”.

“Oooooooh yes,” moaned a recovering Tina, “I love the taste of your clit”

Amy looked at me and asked “are you ready for something new there, cockman?” She poured a handful of the bubble soap into her hands and started rubbing it on my still-sensitive cock. She then took some more and rubbed it on her ass. Before I knew what was happening she had assumed Tina’s earlier position, but instead of taking me into her pussy, she pressed my soapy head against her even soapier butt hole. I hesitated for a second, not having had much ass fucking experience. She obviously knew what she was doing and she lowered herself gradually. I felt the resistance of her sphincter.

“Ooooh, it is so tight!” I panted as she let an inch of my cock in. Tina was neglecting her clit sucking responsibilities and started describing the action for us.

“Your red, swollen head is in now, and Amy’s ass is sucking more of the cock in.” She then helped by grabbing my dick and easing me further in, “Oh, her asshole is opening like a tunnel, and you are moving in …you are more than half way in. I love the way your veins are nearly popping off your cock. Amy, take him in all the way…now!” and with that I could feel Amy’s butt cheeks against my belly. We sat still for a while as Tina started licking Amy’s pussy and clit and then my balls that required her to dive under the bubble bath water for a while. 

Amy moved up and down slowly, but that was enough to nearly make me cum, and I knew if I had not already been worn out, I probably would have filled her ass with my cream. As it turned out, Tina was an expert at pussy munching and within minutes had Amy moaning about her impending orgasm.

“Oh I can feel it in my belly,” leaving me unsure if she was referring to her orgasm or my cock which was moving deeper up her rectum with every thrust of mine. 

Before I could seek clarification, she screamed “yesssssss” and as she came, my cock was squeezed in a series of painful contractions. I screamed too before she raised herself off my dick. If it was sensitive before, it was screamingly so now.

Before I could think too much about that, the two of them had grabbed my cock and were alternately kissing lips and my cock. I could taste their pussy juices and my come on their mouths. They kissed each other as they took turns yanking my cock. I knew I would not last long. A thin finger inched up toward my ass, another hand squeezed my balls, I looked down to see Tina removing me from her sweet mouth and rubbing me against Amy’s luscious, large and soapy tits. Amy pushed her globes together to give me a tight fit. They both sucked me deep into their throats.

“Let’s go back to the bed,” one of them said and I followed, led by my dick in their hands. Tina lay down and I spread her legs and lunged into her. I was like a man possessed by the come demon and I knew if I did not explode soon I would implode. I thrashed into her as hard as I could. Amy moved onto the bed, and positioned her face on Tina’s. I could see the brunette’s tongue moving in and out of the blonde’s pussy. Amy moved her face toward where I was pounding Tina’s cunt and said.

“Easy there boy, I don’t want you ripping my girl friend’s love hole there”. With that she took me out of Tina’s dripping honey pot and sucked me for a few seconds and then let me fuck Tina until she came again. At this point I knew that I did not care what position I was in or whose pussy or mouth my cock was in; I needed to come.

I lay down on the bed and within seconds Amy had me inside her pussy. She started moving up and down and her ever-growing tits jiggled and bounced for me. Tina came around, pushed my head to the pillow and sat on my face with her face toward Amy’s tits. As I started tonguing her sweaty ass, her dripping pussy, her swollen clit, Amy was asking me

“Do you want to come in my pussy or in my mouth?” but I was too far-gone to answer, moaning into Tina’s musky pussy, reaching up to grab her erect nipples. I felt Amy’s pussy release my cock and then I felt a tongue on my balls, a finger in my ass and lips on my cock, and I looked over to the mirror where I saw both girls frantically kissing, sucking and wanking my cock. I could taste Tina’s cunt as my tongue delved deep inside her, I could smell her musky ass that Tina had licked earlier, I could hear my moans, Amy’s encouragement,

“Come baby, come on my big tits, in my mouth”, Tina’s higher moans and with all my senses stimulated by these two goddesses of sex and passion I came like I have never come. I released my semen from deep inside my balls. I screamed, I writhed, I squeezed Tina’s nipples and I bit her clit. I came for what felt like minutes. I came in long bursts and short shots. I shot it out like cannon fire. I came in one mouth and on another nipple. They kept jerking my cock and I kept screaming and coming. I was on the verge of begging for mercy as they kept kissing it and moving it even as it lost all turgor.