 CHAPTER 1

Arriving in the big city for a two-day media convention Charles Munroe was rather taken aback by the size of the airport terminal. It appeared almost as large as his entire hometown airport including the single runway and the seething mass inside it would be approaching the population of Eltham.

Charles joined the long line waiting for a cab.

Someone tapped him on the shoulder. He took a good grip on his money belt and turned and the pretty brunette said, "May I share a cab if you're heading downtown?"

"Have you lost your money?"

The woman behind her, picking his rural accent, laughed and said it was a technique to get into a cab faster.

"Oh."

The brunette sighed. "Don't bother."

The more Charles thought about it the more the 'technique' made sense. He turned and said, "Are you of good character?"

Hissing the brunette swung back her slapping hand but fortunately the older woman behind her urged, "Have tolerance dear. This young man is a country boy."

"And that gives him the right to insult me?"

"Dear he's probably following his mom's instructions. See he's wearing a money belt under his jacket and had gripped it and ohmigod, just look at his hairstyle. Either mom or dad cuts that."

The brunette, relaxing, eyed Charles coolly. "Are you a country boy?"

"Sure am ma'am," he said proudly.

"My name is Della," said Adeline who used the shorten form when out of earshot of her mom and dad. "Yes you may share a cab with me."

"But I thought..." He cut off that comment, deciding who'd made the original sharing offer didn't matter. His ears burned when he heard the older woman whisper, "Look after him as much as you can dear; he needs being brought up to speed."

"Where to buddy?" asked the cabbie once Charles' one bag and Della's four were in the trunk and they were on their way. Charles had noticed on one of the luggage labels Della's surname was Armstrong.

He answered the driver, "The Albion International Hotel and Suites at 455 Richmond Avenue."

"Just the Albion is sufficient," replied the cabbie mysteriously.

"That's my hotel," Della said aghast and rolled her eyes when the stranger, er the strange guy, said that was simply coincidence because his hometown only had three hotels but this city would have a few more than that, so chances of them being booked into the same hotel would not be all that remote.

The cabbie asked, "Where did you find this one Miss?"

"Lost in space at the airport."

They both laughed.

Della simply stared out of the window when Charles asked would she like to share a room. 

At the hotel she insisted paying half the fare and by her thrust-out chin Charles knew it would be unwise to argue so he watched the porter load the baggage trolley leaving her to pay the full fare.

Inside he waved Della ahead to book in for two nights. It was busy so he waited patiently behind her. She turned and looked at him carefully. "I had booked a suite and they have me in a double room suite. It seems wasteful not to share providing you agree to pay half of the room rate?"

"I have a pre-paid premium room for two nights in the name of Charles Munroe. Just ask them to effect a straight transfer."

"Effect a straight transfer; what kind of language is that?"

"English." said the English major stiffly.

Della turned away giggling and probably thinking what a dork. That was 'effected' and she was impressed to find their room now had a $64.00 credit thanks to the transfer.

Inside the room where Della had tipped the porter she said, 'You may pick your room."

"Do you wish to share?"

Her face darkened and her lips clenched. Charles said hastily, "Just joking."

The rooms appeared identical so there was no contest. Charles placed his bag in the nearest room calling, "There's no bathroom."

"It's between our rooms."

"Oh can we bath together?"

"Only if you get me drunk," she said sarcastically and rolled her eyes when he replied okay.

He entered the bathroom and yelled, "Look at all this stuff."

The thirty-six year old came through her door, looked around, and saw nothing out of the ordinary. "Have you ever stayed in a hotel before?"

"Yes of course."

"How many?"

"Only the Cattleman's at Ewing. It has twelve rooms and two bathrooms on each floor."

Della gave the poor guy a tour of the entire suit but left out her bedroom. She couldn't believe his TV at home didn't have remote control and the screen was only 20 inches.

Later she said, "I'm going shopping. Do you want to come with me? I think it would be unwise for you to be loose on these streets alone."

"Yeah providing you'll be buying lingerie."

"You just stay here drinking beer and watching TV."

"No I was just joking, honest."

During a café lunch Della learned Charles was advertising manager of his family's newspaper and new business manager of the printing works.

He confessed, "It's a very modest business."

"I would have picked that."

He grinned and she grinned back, showing she recognized he had humor.

Charles was twenty-six with a BA. His parents had married when they were both nineteen and he was born four months later. He had two younger sisters and his hobbies were hiking and kayaking, fast women and fast cars.

"You are lying about fast women aren't you?"

He hung his head.

"There's not need to attempt to impress me. Actually I prefer honesty.

Della lied and said she was thirty but was truthful when she said she was an attorney in her father's law firm and her mother continued as his partner although she was now fulltime mayor of their city. She had a much older brother.

"I'm here to shop and team up with fast men."

"You're lying about shopping," he said, straight-faced and she giggled uncontrollably.

"God you are funny," she said, dabbing her eyes with a tissue.

Walking along the busy streets Charles, inadvertently proving he had a purpose in life by carrying Della's shopping bags, was bumping into people while gawking up at high-rise buildings. By now she was whistling to attract his attention when turning into a store or arcade.

A beautiful red and black bustier had caught her attention.

"My husband urged me to buy one of those. What do you think?"

Opened mouthed Charles said, "Y-you are married?"

"Yes of course. Oh didn't mention that? Actually I didn't, did I?"

Charles snorted and turned away to hide his disappointment.

Della placed a hand on his arm. "I'm sorry to have upset you by being married."

"No it's okay," Charles sniffed, turning back to the window. "Buy that aquamarine and Royal Blue one with lace up front and with black straps. Ask for a matching g-string."

"Okay, I'll try both on and decide. How do you know about a bustier?"

"My mother and one of my sisters sometimes wear them when dressing up."

"Oh I see. Now be a good boy and sit on that row of seats over there marked 'Gentlemen'.

"Ah can't I..."

"No," she giggled and walked into the depths of the store.

* * *

Charles thought he was in with a chance. Della would be thinking he was a country boy without much experience with females. Well that wasn't altogether true. His youngest sister had taught him all he needed to know to get by and both sisters had arranged dates for him with their girlfriends... er one at the time.

Della had demonstrated she had no concerns about inviting him to share a suite. That had been a real surprise although being two people alone in the big city it made sense. No doubt some people would view it as an unusual decision. Della's husband and mother would have a fit while his own parents would be appalled he'd seized the opportunity to prey on a woman, a married woman.

God if she offered it to him he'd been in like a hungry horse. Guaranteed. But she was married. Oh yeah.

* * *

Della didn't bother asking to try the red version. She knew Charles was right in opting for the blue tones with her dark hair and light olive skin. The sales assistant asked was she wearing a cami and when told yes said it would be okay for Della to try on the garment providing she kept her cami on after removing her bra.

The size was perfect and pressing her breasts into place for the fitting Della had a vision of Charles sucking them and tweaking the nipples.

Ohmigod.

Well if he did turn sexy she had only herself to blame. When told she had a two-room suite it had seemed perfectly natural to think of him having one of those rooms. She shouldn't have made the invitation but she did. God Kevin would probably slap her around a bit and abuse her if he found out. Her mom reaction would be to label her a disgrace to the family and her mother-in-law would just smile and say, 'From the outset I'd picked you for a whore'.

Della felt uneasy. She hadn't made the offer hoping country boy would be in for all he could get had she? She didn't think so. Well what if Charles seduced her. Would she mind? She didn't think so. God she'd answered that one pretty fast. Oooh you wicked girl Della.

Returning to where she'd left Charles preparing to give him yet another shopping bag to carry Della found him looking at two fake-hair and fake-breasted women across the street in boots and tiny black skirts. God they would leave him half-dead and with his billfold cleaned out.

"Oh hi," he smiled, making her nipples begin to firm. "Those women across the street; are they prostitutes?"

"Charles how could you? They are probably two mothers waiting outside an upstairs pre-school facility," she lied. 

"Well mothers like that should be trained on parenthood," he said sternly. "One of them is smoking and the other one is chewing gum with her mouth open and when she lifted her skirt to scratch her butt it was obviously she wasn't wearing panties."

"She probably is wearing a thong or g-string."

"What as a young mother?"

"Come along darling, er I mean Charles. Let's get you to less upsetting territory."

When almost back to the hotel Charles said, "Della do you mind if I ask you something?"

Ohmigod he was about to ask for sex, she thought. "Excuse me while I drop in here for a small purchase," she said, attempting not to panic after thinking he'd probably be like her and not carry condoms. "You wait here."

The male assistant came up and said, "We have a fine range. We ought to have your favorite."

"It's for my widowed dad. He's starting to date again and is attracted to, er, college girls."

"In that case I'd recommend this 12-type Durex sample pack."

"Oh that sounds good. How many in the pack?"

"Twelve."

"Oh of course, silly me," Della said, beginning to perspire.

"Look, be safe, there's also a pack of thirty-six, three of each sample."

"Oh excellent. Daddy can work his way through the entire dorm."

The guy thought that was a great joke.

Della slunk out although pleased she had personal security at hand. "What is it you want to asked me?"

"Would you accompany me to the media convention cocktail party tonight and tomorrow night to the awards dinner?"

"This is a surprise, the last thing I would have suspected you asking me. Well tonight yes but you won't have a ticket for me for tomorrow night."

"Yes I do. I pre-ordered a double thinking I could pick up a broad in the bar tonight or more likely find some female lost soul at one of the sessions tomorrow who was without a partner. By taking you I'd have the greatest looking babe at the convention." 

"Oooh Charles. You are getting my juices going." Della's face flamed. "I meant..."

"That I stimulated your persona by offering you a genuine compliment?"

"Er yes, that too," Della said, almost dropping the box of condoms and having little idea of what she was saying.

Back in their hotel suite she decided to be brave, lured Charles out of his room, asking him to make coffee. She rushed through the inter-connecting bathroom into his room and placed the condoms in his bathroom cabinet, having to move his after-shave and body talc aside.

"Are you going to model your bustier for me?" he asked as they finished coffee.

Della took a deep breath. Dammit girl, say yes.

"Yes," she squeaked.

She went off feeling the excitement growing. God she'd promised herself when becoming engaged she'd never be unfaithful. Well that was five years ago and attitudes had changed during that time, hadn't they? Well it appeared hers had.

Della climbed into the garment and felt ever so good about this. She put on a pair of jeans but that ruined the effect. So did the panties. Ohmigod, she'd have to wear the g-string. Perhaps she would go without? She hastily grabbed the g-string. She left her stay-ups on and took off the stocking straps and walked out confidently into the lounge.

"Charles since we have become this intimate I suggest during the remainder of my time with you we call you Charlie. It's informal and in my opinion suits your better.

"Ohmigod."

"What?" she asked, beginning to panic.

"Your tits look gorgeous and your lovely legs go on forever. The bustier looks great, setting you off to perfection. Yeah, Charlie is fine. Mom always calls me Charlie unless she is cross with me."

"Breasts or boobs please Charlie."

"Oh, you're one of these women who think only cows have tits?"

"Well now that you mention it that's..." She stopped and sighed. "Tits is fine by me."

"I tend not to use the word cunt."

"Charlie when I said we were intimate I had not suggest we'd become that intimate."

"That's fine. You call the shots."

God, country boy was beginning to sound sophisticated. What was happening here?

Charlie asked her to turn round.

She obliged and stayed back on.

"God, great ass. I could ejaculate just looking at it."

"I-I'm off to run a bath and get ready. Six-thirty you said?"

"Yeah. Get into the water and then think about calling me to join you."

After managing to negotiate to the bathroom in a half-daze, Della thought of little else. She could decide what to wear later.

Once in the water she decided for the third time not to invite him in but her mouth fell open and she called, "Charlie."

Oh you whore, she cringed.

Charlie came in, already nude and dick swinging.

Della had already backed up to allow him to slip in facing her.

"Please move forward and I'll climb in behind you as my sister taught me."

"Your sister?" Della gurgled.

"Yeah, the younger one. The older one is a bit snooty about things like that. Didn't your brothers teach you about sex?"

"My brothers?"

Della's eyes rolled up but she steadied, sucking in extra air.

Charlie climbed in behind her, pushing her forward even more. He placed both hands under her ass cheeks and laid right back, lifting her back and then lowered her down clear of his groin. Placing his hands under her breasts he pulled her back on to him and kissed into the side of her neck.

Ohmigod, Della thought. He only needs to become erect and it will go straight into me.

"Is this what your sister taught you?"

"Yeah. It used to make mom mad when the noise drew her to the bathroom and she found us humping. But she's a good sort. She never told dad or my other sister.

"Are you going to hump me now?"

"Nah I thought we'd leave that until we come home tonight. But we can do it now if that's what you want."

"No later is fine," Della said, unsure whether or not to be relieved. "Aren't you concerned having sex with me, a married woman, will be adultery?"

"Not really. You want sex from me so it's my responsibility to oblige."

Della began gasping like a fish out of water. Her head was spinning.

* * *

Entering their room when returning from dinner after the cocktail party Della said, "Charlie, are you quite sure you are prepare to sully yourself and commit adultery?"

"You're hanging out for it Della. Of course I'll fuck you. And it's not my first time with a married woman. The last occasion was three months ago when I topped mom's youngest sister Aunty Ada in an all-night session when Uncle Bert chose to go away on a gambling trip instead of being home for her birthday." He added proudly, "Aunt Ada claimed it was her best birthday ever."

Della sighed and thought she was the innocent in this relationship and it could be detrimental to her a marriage and her career if her association with this 'grubby young man' went awry. In her own environment she was exposed to people who regarded her behavior as near perfect. But that was there; here are now, she reasoned, aware of what she could reasonably expect from acting improperly. 

A big male hand slapped on to her butt and squeezed.

"Oh god, let's do it," Della squealed in carnal surrender, burying theoretical thoughts of resistance as her body prepared for invasion. 

They kissed rather passionately and Charlie broke away and removed her dress almost as quickly as she usually did. He'd knelt to hold it low for her to step out of. She appreciated him taking care of her expensive cocktail dress but then he threw it behind him and it ended up hanging off a wall light fitting.

She sighed and then sighed again as she felt Charlie's tongue penetrate her pussy. Goodness, how did get into there so quickly? Oh, the g-string; easier access.

Della was dripping and on fire. She had to have penetration. She slurred, "Come on, do you know what to do now?"

"Yeah put on one of those condoms you bought and put into my bathroom. I push into your slit, wriggle my ass and you groan and gush. Game over."

Della's eyes rolled up and she was hit by several orgasms. Holy smoke. He was still struggling to put on the condom. Panting she did that for him.

"Now shove it in a get that fine ass of yours moving," she tutored, now really hanging out for it.

"God your tits have become even bigger," he marveled as he pumped. "May I lick one?"

"Go right ahead," said Della, her head swinging from side to side uncontrollably. Normally Missionary never worked for her.

The pig bit her nipple.

She screamed and flooded into a huge climax.

"Are we finished? Good. I'll go to the bathroom and whack off," he yawned, saying he really needed sleep. Walking around with a woman shopping was exhausting work for a guy.

CHAPTER 2

Charlie awoke Della at dawn by shoving a boner against her lips.

She obliged.

That left Della so stretched out and drained she called off penetration, saying she had to last all day attending to legal affairs. She told 'Rambo' to go down to breakfast by himself and then go for a long walk.

"Why walk, I'm getting my exercise with you?"

"The action forces more blood into your balls and so you generate extra amounts of semen," she lied. "I need to go back to sleep."

"Good, I'm off to walk ten miles briskly," he grinned. "You are the best fuck ever, beautiful Della."

She swooned.

Della spent late morning negotiating with a male attorney acting for the other party in a divorce and lunching alone thought that apart from that departing comment about her being beautiful and a great fuck nothing else that could rate as closeness and tenderness had passed between her and Charlie. They were just going at it like animals, fucking heartlessly. God she'd always thought of herself better than this. She then acted for a client with an application before a judge seeking a change to draconian conditions in a will preventing the sale of a commercial property before the beneficiary turned forty.

The action was opposed, that attorney said the deceased had been of sound mind when imposing that restriction in her will. Della had submitted the beneficiary's husband had been killed in a highway vehicle accident driving a known faulty vehicle and while insurance payout was locked in a long legal wrangle the woman who was mother of two young teens was facing hard financial times. The judge found in favor of the sale, saying the beneficiary's mother would not have envisaged her daughter facing difficult financial circumstances not of her making. But he said as a compromise he must impose conditions. The sale proceeds must be placed in trust to be administered by Della's law firm, with a payout of $2000 a month from the capital being made to the beneficiary.
