 The storm has been building all day. 

The thick air crackles and shimmers. The atmosphere has grown dark. Intense.

Her own tension has wound through and through her body until her skin feels as though it is reacting to the charge in the air; to the lure of the dark. She stands at the window. Ready. 

As much as she is anticipating it, the first bright white spear and loud CRACK still makes her start - and then shiver with delight. Rain is suddenly pounding against the panes. Soon. 

She feels him at the door like a change in atmospheric pressure: An increase in power. She pictures how she looks to him - standing only in the light from the storm. The shadows of the rain making rivulets appear to be running down her naked form. 

Another bright flash - illuminating her breasts, nipples tight with the tension of her inner storm.

CRASH.

He is drawn forward into the room. 

He watches the rain fall across her skin. He listens to the storm outside. Savouring the anticipation.

Another flash. Another BOOM. 

He is behind her now. Fingers are drawn up to trace the patterns, the rivers, the droplets... down her neck, her shoulders, across her shoulder blades. He lingers on her lower back, drifting back and forth as he watches her face for subtle reactions to his touch. 

A little lower. He finds the dimples below her waist - savours those details. Continuing... he brushes the top of her cleft. He smiles as her held breath is blown out in a tightly controlled sigh. She is reverberating with contained energy, her skin hot and shimmering in the dramatic light.

Undressing quickly, he returns to stand behind her. He presses into her and revels as she arches back to increase the contact - each connection creating a spark. Entwining his fingers with hers, he meets her offered mouth - gently gliding his tongue along her lips like the drops across the glass.

He cups one breast and swallows her moan. In circles he works his thumb around her budded nipple. The arch of her back naturally lifts her breasts; placing them on optimal display in - CRACK - the brilliant light from the storm. 

His stiff cock is riding tightly against the clouds of her asscheeks as they press against him. He pushes forward, echoing the force of the thunder. She trembles with need.

He trails his fingers down her belly, following the path of the shadowy drops. He continues until his hand brushes against her own drops that have been gathering since the storm began. Their scent signals a different storm barely being contained inside her. He strokes her again. She reverberates with tension - moans into his mouth. 

CRACK. Her body jerks in his hands as if struck. Quivering, shaking and pulsing as the power of the storm is recreated inside of her. 

BOOM. His body reacts to the scent of her arousal; to her total surrender in his arms. 

He turns her and presses her back against the window. She opens her mouth in protest at the sudden cold, but he fills it with his tongue. She meets him and returns the kiss with fervour, forgetting her surroundings. The next bolt seems to come from within them. 

He works his mouth down her neck, her breasts, her belly - as if following the trail of the drops. With authority he moves his hands to her thighs and holds her in place. Then waits. She is trembling and aching... knowing what he is waiting for and yet wanting to beg...

CRACK. His mouth strikes her clit. She cries out with relief and the shock of strained nerve endings finally being mastered. The booming comes from the blood inside her body moving and flowing down to intensify the sensations that his mouth is creating. Bolts of shockwaves and a flood of moisture combine to create crashing waves of orgasm that stun her as if she had been struck by the lightning itself. 

He rolls her over and over - lapping up her juices, laving along her lips and mons, pushing into her again and again with his tongue. She is undone. She vibrates and trembles and finally slumps against the glass - held up only by his grip on her thighs.

He rises and lifts her into his arms. He kisses her deeply as he carries her over to the bed. He sits on the edge and cuddles her in his lap. He pulls back and watches her face as she floats back from the skies of pure pleasure to take earthly form once more. 

When she can finally hold her head again, he helps her sit and then arranges her facing him, with one bent leg on either side of his hips. He brings his hand between her legs and cups her still pulsing core. She lays her head back and sighs. He watches more of the light show play across her breasts from this new angle. 

CRACK. BOOM. 

Her energy is renewed by the sound of the storm. Her eyes flash and he laughs. She leans forward and brings her mouth to work along his neck. She lightly scrapes his skin with her teeth. His laugh is replaced by a moan. Playing along his collarbone and across his shoulders, she echoes the movement of her mouth with her hand on the alternate side. Both hands are now drawing across his skin: exploring, teasing, pleasing. 

She moves her body against him, feeling the power between them. She pushes her heat against his steel. He grips her ass - tracing her curves and controlling her ability to rise too far. Cupping her bum he holds her in place, rubbing his cock head along her slick slit. Waiting again. Building the anticipation. 

The room is illuminated once more and he thrusts into her. Her cry is covered by the thunder. 

They move against each other. Her hands on his shoulders. His hands on her hips. Joined. Connected. They look into each other's eyes as they intensify the electricity running between them. Building it. In awe of the rawness of the power. 

The wildness of their storm begins to defy control. Her head falls back and he moves one arm to wind his fingers into her hair. As his hand pulls her hair, he thrusts into her and causes a jolt to run from her scalp to the end of her spine. They both cry out and a natural rhythm is set. She leverages her thighs against him to move faster. He meets each press with a thrust. Their bodies slam and slap together, building towards a final peak. 

Her world explodes first. The white light that overwhelms her - blinds her - is brighter than the storm outside. Her entire body is electrified. Every nerve ending dazzled and alive. As lightening is joined by thunder, she hears a great roar and feels the additional force as he drives his orgasm into her; filling her, sending defenseless muscles into new spasms as they clench around him - gripping him, pulling him deeper inside of her.

For a breath the world is perfectly still. A perfect moment captured by a brilliant spear of light in the dark. As a softer rumble follows a few heartbeats after, they fall back onto the bed - into each other's arms. 

As they lay together, he kisses away the tears that run down her face like the rain. His mouth moves to each of her swiftly closed eyelids. He pulls her tightly to him. She soaks in the comfort of his strength around her. 

They lay, joined together, listening as the storm dissipates. Listening to their breathing. The rain continues to fall, lulling them to sleep. Sated and safe.