 I didn't know how this one would go when I wrote it. I normally wait a few weeks, or even months to let an experience soak in before I write about it. But I wrote this just after it happened. I don't know if that means it will be better, worse or not make any difference. You'll have to tell me. 

Charlotte

----------------------------

Regular readers know this, but new ones won't, so I'll say it again anyway. My stories are true. I found some time ago that I can't write fiction. I can't imagine things very well. But I do remember things well. I use Paul and my real names, but mostly everyone else who gets named, I change the name for their privacy. The conversations are probably not exact, but they are as close as I can recall them. 

I am two weeks away from my wedding. I can't tell you how much I am looking forward to being married to Paul. The three years since he came into my life have been amazing, both on a personal kind of way, and sexually speaking. I had such a vanilla kind of sex life before Paul. It was OK. I never complained. But until Paul, I never realized what I had been missing - the whole sense of adventure in sex, the variety, the unexpected. I have discovered how to trust totally and that has let me be honest about my submissive nature. Not a doormat, mind you, but submissive in that I can, no... I WANT to give myself to him and any desire he has. And in return, he has done the same for me. 

If I sound like I am gushing, it's probably the nearness to the wedding speaking. 

But I have been worried about one thing. That the adventure of our sex life might fade. Would his quiet confidence in telling exactly what he wants grow less with us married? Would I feel as happily submissive? Would he want to share me with other men and women once I was married to him? All these were things he introduced me to, or maybe rather allowed me to do - so different from what my life had been like in my marriage, or in the years before and after. I didn't want to lose them. 

The past few weeks haven't helped. We decided to get married quickly. Less than three months from proposal to the "I do". There were a lot of things to make happen. There is a lot to do. I'm a little anal about details so I've been kind of crazy the past couple of months and particularly the past few weeks. And honestly, I probably haven't been the best sex partner or fiance all that time. Totally too focused on all the details and arrangements. But a few days ago I realized I had it all under control. It's on autopilot. I can relax. So I asked Paul if we could go out to someplace nice for dinner, and relax. I didn't have to ask him twice!

He had to leave early to do a shoot, which was perfect. I played as if I was asleep as he got dressed. I heard him gather his gear and drive off. Once I heard him do down the lane to the road, I got out of bed. A long, soaking bath, perfumed was in order. I shaved everything, taking special care. I did my hair up. 

He likes that, so he can kiss my neck. And I like to have my neck kissed!. For me, preparing for sex is like foreplay, and I was enjoying it a lot, even if it was going to hours from then. 

I picked my lingerie with care. My dark green lace Victoria Secret's bra and panties that we both like. The bra holds my breasts up and they fill the cup perfectly. I always feel like a lingerie model when I wear them, even if I am a few pounds heavier than most of the models you see on TV. I was working, so I had to wear something nice. I chose a black dress with white polka dots. It has a flowing kind of skirt, very 1950's. And it buttons up the front. Which means I can go to work buttoned to the neck, and undo a button or two when we went to dinner. Pearls. 

I looked at myself in the mirror. I may be 43, but I do dress up nice, even if I do say so myself. 

All day long I thought about the evening. I was thinking car sex after dinner. Paul lives in the country and I figured we could pull into the woods somewhere and have sex with his convertible's top down. It's been a long time since we've done that and I remembered how I felt - like a naughty teenager. I had checked the weather - it was going to be warm. 

Perfect. 

He picked me up at seven. I was surprised to see he had ditched his "business casual" clothes and dressed in a suit. I was loving it but was surprised. "I got home early." he said. "I saw what dress you were wearing, so I dressed to match."

I do love that man. 

We got in the car and he put the top down. "We're going to the Tobacco Company," he said. 

The Tobacco Company is a really elegant restaurant in, kind of an icon in Richmond. It's been one of the nicest places to go in the city for as long as I can remember. He opened my door. Then as I sat down, he leaned down and whispered "You can lose the panties." 

Just like that, my pulse sped up. I had thought this night would be my surprise, but it looked like he planned to take control. For a brief second I hesitated, thinking I might assert myself. When he whispered again, "Now." I was helpless. I always am. So right in the company parking lot, in broad daylight, I lifted my hips, slid my green lace thong down my hips, down my legs and over my high heels. I was damp. Just like that. I looked up at him for approval, and he smiled and shut my door. 

He got in and put the top down. He put his hand on my thigh. I could feel his warmth through the dress' thin fabric. And he drove out, his hand inching my dress higher and higher as he got close to the interstate. I was breathing faster as the dress was hiked up to with inches of my crotch. His hand slid under and one finger stroked my thigh, up and down, up and down. Each time he slid a little higher, until it reached between my legs. He stopped, and then slid it in me. 

I know I gasped. I always do. You'd think by now I'd be a little accustomed to it, but that first penetration, whether a hand, a toy or a man's cock still takes my breath away. Feeling it enter me as we were on interstate 64, trying to maintain a calm demeanor as he gently fingered my clit was almost too much. He drove, outwardly calm, but I could see the bulge in his pants. I wanted to touch it, but I was too consumed with the sensations - his finger, the wind blowing, the sounds of cars and trucks passing me. 

I never know how long it will take me to cum. At times he can finger or lick me for ages before I cum. At other times it seems as if I am out of control and cum fast. This was a fast night, helped no doubt by the fact that he was doing this to me in Richmond. We never play in public in Richmond. It's too small a city. Our kinks are saved for his cabin and when we take trips. But here he was fingering me at 70 miles an hour in our own city. I don't think I lasted 10 minutes before I cried out and that huge, delicious release came over me. 

I was still panting as he pulled off the interstate to downtown. We were downtown in minutes. He pulled into a parking garage and reached over me to the glove compartment. He opened it. A nd pulled out a dildo. It was one of my small ones. "Put it in." he said. 

"But it might come out." I whimpered. 

"You'll have to find a way to hold it in." he said. 

I took it. I slid it in. 

Thank goodness I didn't have to go far. Holding something like that in while you walk is not easy. I felt like a gesha girl, taking small steps as I tried to hold my legs tight at the thighs. Each move sent sensations through me. By the time we got to The Tobacco Company, I was nearing another climax. Thank goodness they had a seat ready for us and it was close. 

Dinner was delicious, but the whole time I was aware of being penetrated, of the dildo moving each time I squirmed. We talked about work, about friends, about the wedding - about everything except what he was making me do, though we were both aware of it. The whole dinner, I felt like I was on the edge, trying hard to hold back the orgasm, yet at the same time savoring the naughtiness of it. Half way through dinner he held up two fingers. 

"What?" I asked. 

"Two buttons." he said. 

"But...."

"Two buttons won't show that much. Undo one after the waiter asks you for coffee or desert, and one more before he brings it. He'll see just a little. I'll enjoy watching him try to be subtle." I did it. That, and the dildo, and I was even closer to the edge. I was almost afraid to get up to leave, afraid the feeling of it moving in me would send me over. 

Somehow I got out, still taking my tiny steps. We got down the street, to the car in the parking garage as Paul came behind me. I felt his hardness against my ass and that was it. My mind could not hold it back. I cried out right in the parking garage, the echo resounding through the concrete space. I can't imagine what it must have sounded like as I grasped the side of the car and just let it wash over me. 

"Nice." Paul said as I stood, bent over the car panting. He opened the door. I got in. He got in and pulled out and began driving home. 

We got off at the Goochland exit. It's fairly dark there and he stopped. He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a blindfold and held it out. I took it and put it on. "Two more buttons" he said. I obeyed. As he started to drive again, I felt the wind across the top of my breasts, thankful it was dark. The odds of being seen were slim. We were in the country now. I heard one or two cars go by as he drove. 

I tried to pay attention to how he was turning, but I could not be sure if he was going to his place or not. He drove quietly, his hand on my thigh again, the skirt hiked up, his fingers dangerously near my clit.

He slowed down and pulled in somewhere. I didn't know where. I could still hear the occasional car though. We were near the road. Were we in view or not? I didn't know. 

He lifted his hand off my thigh. I felt him shift. I heard him unzip his pants. He took my hand and put it on his cock. It was swollen. Smooth, Hard. It gave off heat in the falling night. I knew what he wanted. 

I undid my shoulder belt. I shifted and lowered my head to his crotch. I found his cock again with my hand. I lowered my head. My ass was up in the air and his hand began to rub it.

Slow. He likes it slow. I took the head of it, then each time, a little more of the shaft. I licked it. Kissed it. I worked it deeper and deeper in my mouth, then back out, then slightly deeper still, until he came in my mouth. 

He was the one gasping this time, breathing heavy. I tasted the salty taste of his cum in my mouth as I shifted and sat back in my seat. He started the car. We were both rumpled and undone. He drove the few minutes to the house. We had been in our own driveway. 

We held hands as we went in. Undressed and showered quickly together, dried each other off, and went to bed. And I knew I didn't have to worry any more. Life and love has lots of adventures in front of us. And I can't wait. 

Charlotte