 I approached the reception desk in the small hotel and the receptionist greeted me with a warm smile. “Good morning, it’s been a while since you stayed with us!”

“Yes, it has, too long, I really enjoy your hospitality.”

“Well, your room is ready, room 354, 3rd floor” she said, handing me the key.

“Thank you” I replied, smiling, then turned my head to the woman standing behind me, almost hopping from one foot to the other in frustration. “Room 354, you ready?” I asked.

“Ready?” she replied, “Jesus, I’m dying here!”

“Let’s go then,” I said, pressing the lift call button.

Once inside the lift, the doors closed with a whoosh, and before I knew it I had soft warm lips on mine and a tongue exploring my mouth. “It’s been 3 months and I can’t wait a minute longer!” she breathed, before kissing me passionately again.

“Hang on, we’re almost there!” I grabbed my suitcase as the doors opened and headed down the passage.

I unlocked the door and stepped back as she entered. I followed, locked the door, and set the suitcase in the corner. Turning around, I saw that she had taken off her heavy leather jacket and was reclining on the couch. She was wearing a black t shirt and black jeans, I could see that her eyes had a wicked sparkle and her amply filled shirt was rising and falling with her excited breathing.

“You told me you had 2 surprises for me and promised you wouldn’t keep me waiting” she said, licking her lips seductively.

“Can I have a shower first? I just got off a 10 hour flight and a 2 hour train ride!”

“No, I have waited long enough, I want you now!” she retorted. “Come here!”

I strolled over to her and she sat up, reaching out and unbuckling my belt. Her fingers fumbled with the buttons on my faded blue Levi’s; eventually my jeans were pooled around my ankles. She wasn’t the only excited one and my hard cock bulged in my underpants. She smiled, and slowly pulled at the waistband, freeing my cock, then gasping in disbelief.

“What have you done? Where’s all the hair gone?”

“That’s surprise number one” I grinned. “I was bored one day and decided to shave.”

She pulled down my underpants, bent to untie my shoes, then roughly ripped my jeans and pants off, I was now naked from the waist down.

“I love this!” she exclaimed, stroking my totally smooth balls “it’s amazing, I’ve never seen this before!”

She leaned closer and kissed the head of my cock, before licking down the shaft and nuzzling my balls.

“I thought the hairs irritated you so I decided to do something about it.”

“I’m glad,” she said, licking my scrotum with the flat of her tongue “this feels sooooo good!”

She pushed me down onto the couch and attacked me with vigour. “I need dessert” she moaned, licking up and down my rock hard cock, stroking it gently with one hand while playing with my hairless balls with the other. I closed my eyes and submitted myself to her ministrations. Only 2 short years ago mine had been the first cock she had ever seen, let alone touched or sucked, but her technique was improving by the day. Her hot wet mouth sucked and licked my throbbing shaft; the head smooth and purple as it emerged from between her lips. Her grip tightened as she stroked, sucking and licking the head, then up and down the shaft, then onto the head again. Before long I felt my balls tightening, and as I said, “here it comes” my cum rocketed up my cock and exploded into her mouth. Her moaning went up a note as she sucked and swallowed, stroking the shaft to get every drop, her sucking becoming more gentle as she squeezed to get the last remaining morsels. Eventually she released my cock, sitting back on her heels and licking her lips.

“Fuck, I can’t get enough of that taste!” she exclaimed, eyes sparkling and hair tousled. “What’s next? Where’s my other surprise?”

“Patience baby, now it’s my turn” I grinned, standing and pulling her to her feet. 

I led her to a full-length mirror fitted to the wall. “Just watch, and enjoy.” She was still fully dressed and I was now naked, having ripped off my shirt during the incredible blowjob. She is quite tall, and with the shoes she was wearing we were the same height. I put my arms around her and she moaned softly, lolling her head back onto my shoulder. I kissed her ear and pulled her hair away so that I could kiss her neck. My hands strayed up under her shirt and cupped her breasts in the confining bra. She moaned again, raising her head and looking into the mirror, her eyes pure lust. I raised her arms and pulled off her t-shirt, revealing her pale skin and the dark blue bra. In an instant the clasp was loose, I pushed the straps gently from her shoulders but her curves remained hidden from view as the bra defied gravity.

I kissed her neck, her shoulder, then gently flicked the bra from her breasts, it fell to the ground.

“Are you getting bigger?” I asked, viewing the luscious breasts in the mirror.

“Yes” she sighed, “I’m up to a D cup now, none of my C cup bras fit anymore.”

“Well, I’m not complaining!” I said, looking at the beautiful sight in the mirror. Milky white, slightly conical, pale pink aureoles a good 3 inches across, with slightly darker centres, firm and luscious. I couldn’t wait to get my hands on them, but I know what she likes, so slowly slowly is the key.

I stroked my fingertips around the sides of her breasts, before pointing my fingers and gently stroking her breasts straight outwards. As I watched the aureoles hardened and puckered, and as if by magic her nipples stood upwards and outwards. She moaned, and with each repeated movement her nipples grew harder and her moans grew louder.

“Ohhhh, please suck them, pleeeeeeze!” she cried.

“Not yet, patience, we have all weekend!” I replied, stroking continuously, wondering how hard these nipples could get.

My motion changed slightly, my hands stroking the sides of her big firm breasts, stroking round to the undersides. I still hadn’t touched her very centres. Her hands went to the waistband of her jeans, in a second they were loose and around her feet. She kicked them impatiently away and snaked one hand into her panties. Withdrawing her hand after several seconds, she raised her fingers to my lips and said, “Here, see what you’re doing to me!”

I sucked the sweet sticky honey from her fingers, and for an instant all thoughts of slowly slowly were gone, I wanted to attack her! I spun her around and kissed her lips hard, our tongues entwining as her hand gripped my once again rock hard cock. She pushed me backwards onto the bed and got on top of me, her hands at my shoulders.

“Now, suck my nipples please!” she demanded.

I reached up and pushed her breasts together, I love the fact that I can get both nipples in my mouth at the same time, and so does she! I licked with the tip of my tongue from one to the other in quick succession, before sucking both big hard points into my mouth. She closed her eyes and whimpered as I alternately sucked and nibbled, her nipples were now touching each other an I sucked them as if they were one big nipple.

By now I could almost taste the aroma of her excited pussy hanging in the air, I looked past her into the mirror and saw that the crotch of her panties was absolutely saturated. I released her breasts and pushed her off me onto her back, in one swift movement her panties were discarded. She writhed on her back, playing with her nipples as she spread her legs to reveal her soaking wet slit, the hairs matted with her juices. I jumped off the bed and reached into my bag to get the eyeshades supplied on the plane to help you sleep. Her eyes widened with surprise, “what’s that for?”

“You’ll see, or rather, you won’t see, only feel.” I replied.

I put the shades over her eyes and adjusted the elastic round her head. Satisfied she couldn’t see anything, I began to roam. Little touches of my tongue in her navel, her throat, the very tip of a nipple, the inside of a thigh, the swell of a breast, she had no idea where I would touch her next. She squirmed and wriggled on the bed as my resolve crumbled and I had to taste her. Kneeling between her legs, I stuck out my tongue and licked once at her bright pink slit. She reared up and arched her back, letting out a low scream as I sucked her puffy wet lips into my mouth, swallowing the copious juices there. I parted her lips with my tongue and licked inside, every stroke and lick producing a more urgent vocal response.

Using my fingers I parted her lips and licked at the tip of her big throbbing clit, circling and teasing, every few seconds licking lower into her sopping wet pussy. Looking up I saw that she was pinching and rolling her nipples with her fingertips, adding to her excitement.

“I want to suck your cock again!” she exclaimed, so I clambered onto the bed beside her and pulled her on top of me. She was so aroused her pussy juices were dripping onto my chest, from this viewpoint her gaping lips and huge clit were inches from my face, I love to lick pussy when the girl is on top because everything is so accessible! I raked her ass cheeks with my fingertips as she reached blindly for my cock and wrapped her hot mouth around it.

While licking and sucking her soaking slit, I reached under the duvet for the second item I had taken from my bag with the sleepshade…. a 6” silver vibrator! I warmed it in my hand for a minute or so before surreptitiously inserting it between her rosy lips. She immediately released my cock and gasped: “Fuck, what’s that?”

“Surprise number 2!” I said as I rotated the speed dial and the toy whirred into life. I withdrew it from her pussy and stroked it over her clit, circling around before lingering on the very tip.

“Oh, Jesus, God, that is so good!” she screamed, coming almost instantly. She bucked and writhed and I had a hard time keeping the vibe on the spot but did my best and gave her 3 quickfire orgasms before she collapsed on top of me. As she was coming down I continued to lick and nibble her pussy, unwilling to lose any opportunity of tasting her.

“God! You are so bad, what made you buy that?”, she breathed.

“I know how you like to play with yourself when you’re alone, I figured this might help” I replied.

“Mmmm, good thinking! Now, fuck me, I’ve waited long enough!”

As I was still on my back she straddled me and spread her lips with one hand, squatting down and taking my cock in her other hand, guiding me into her. She lowered herself onto me, closing her eyes as her hairy pussy swallowed my cock. As her ass came into contact with my thighs she sat straight upright and cupped her breasts, raising the left nipple to her mouth and sucking it briefly, before letting it fall and repeating the motion with the other nipple. She leaned forward; placing her hands on my chest, and began to stroke slowly up and down. We got into a nice rhythm and soon she was slamming herself down onto me, getting every millimetre of my cock. Her breasts bounced and swayed beautifully and I could tell she was about to come again, I wasn’t far off myself! 

“I’m going to cum baby, very very soon!”

Quick as a flash she was off me and had her lips around my cock, sticky with her juices, Two sucks later her mouth was full again, this time she sucked with a fervour I hadn’t seen before, literally sucking my balls dry, moaning and whimpering as she sucked and swallowed. As the spurts subsided, she licked up and down my shaft, my balls, cleaning me of all traces of her juices and mine.

“Hmm! Dessert twice in one day, is it my birthday?”

It was going to be a fun weekend…