 Sometimes I have to wonder if some women want to sleep with me just because I’m a local celebrity, not that I care. As the morning announcer at a local radio station, I’ve had my share of opportunities for sex with some really hot women and some women I’d rather not even think about, but I won’t sleep with just anyone. Ok... that’s a lie. I’ll take it whenever I can get it but I do have my standards like most people. Even though I’m not a huge star like you might think of, for a lot of people, I’m the closest thing to a celebrity they’ll ever get to witness and I’ll use that to my advantage like any horny guy would.

As you may have read in my other escapades, I’ve had my share of intense and exhilarating sexual situations. This next and latest one has to be one of my favourites for a couple reasons. The excitement of the possibility of getting caught in a public place makes me hot enough but to do it with two young girls in that public place is even better.

I’ll admit that I love young women. I’m 32 years old and I’ve slept with women my age and older but there’s something about a young chick that gets me just a bit harder. In this particular experience, these two girls were my youngest yet and I’ll admit I felt a little guilty, like I was taking advantage of them but to be honest they didn’t seem bothered by it so why should I be? 

To get you on the right page, I should tell you that I know the one girl, 18 year old Jessica, fairly well. She’s about 5’6" with long straight dark hair and a tight athletic body. Her breasts are small but a nice handful and a great ass. Most guys, young and old, notice her right away. She’s very easy on the eyes. I’ve gotten to know her over the last couple of years as I became friends with her parents. She and I would talk to each other on many occasions about lots of different stuff but mostly boys and hockey. She plays on a girls hockey team and from time to time I’d go to the arena and check out the action.

If you know hockey, then you obviously know I don’t go to the games to check out the girls. It’s hard to check them out when they’re wearing bulky pants and pads. I’m just a hockey fan... like most Canadian men. We live for Saturday nights and Hockey Night in Canada on CBC.

On a few occasions while I was visiting her parents, Jessica had a friend and team-mate there for sleepovers. They always seemed to be together. Her name was Tina and she was a little hottie but in a girl next-door type of way. She was about 5’5" and had shoulder length red hair with a fair complexion. Her breasts were bigger than Jessica’s though. Not a lot but they were very firm as you would expect from an 18 year-old high school girl. She looked great in tight clothes and was always smiling and in a great mood. I don’t think I ever saw her without a smile on her face.

One night Jessica’s dad asked me if I’d mind taking the girls to their hockey game. He and his wife were going out of town for a couple days and he obviously couldn’t take them to the game. If I couldn’t take them, then they wouldn’t have been able to play that night. I didn’t have anything on that evening and didn’t mind so I accepted and found out the when’s and where’s.

I got to their house and the girls came out with their hockey equipment. It was a warm October night and they were both wearing tight white crop top T-shirts and tight jeans. I swear at that point I noticed but never intended on doing anything other than look. Besides, what could happen? The were going to be on the ice playing hockey and I was going to be freezing my dick off in the stands watching with the other parents and boyfriends.

We made small talk and had a few laughs on the way to the rink. When we got there, I helped them get their stuff out of the car and we went inside. I wished them luck, told them to kick some ass and watched their butts disappear around the corner as they made their way to the dressing room. I found a spot in the stands and spent the entire game by myself. I didn’t know anyone else and I didn’t mind the quiet time. In my line of work you enjoy the quiet times and anonymity when they happen. 

The game progressed and the girls won 5-3. Jessica even had a two point night with a goal and an assist. I knew she’d be pleased with that. I left the stands and decided to wait for them in the lobby where it was warmer. One by one the girls on both teams came out, hooked up with their parents and left. I waited and for a good 15 or 20 minutes while nobody else came out. I knew I hadn’t missed them so I decided to go for a walk down to the dressing room to see what they were up to. I wasn’t in a rush but I didn’t feel like hanging out in the lobby all night.

I made my way to the dressing room door and gave it a knock. Nobody answered but I realized it was open so I peaked inside. I could see that their equipment was in the hockey bags on the floor and ready to go but I couldn’t see them. I walked in and once I got inside the room I could hear the shower going. Over by the bags I saw their clothes and by the entrance to the shower I saw a couple of towels. I know I should have just turned around and left the room but the curiosity and possibility of seeing these two hot young naked bodies was more than I could pass up. I turned around and closed the door to the dressing room quietly and turned the lock so it was shut tight. The only way anyone else would see what was going to happen was if an arena employee unlocked the door and came in to find us.

I quietly worked my way over to the shower and peaked around the corner hoping not to get caught in the process. All six shower heads were on and the steam was fairly dense but I could still make out the two girls standing naked in the middle of the shower room. Jessica had her back to Tina letting her rub the soap up and down her back. Just as I thought, both girls had killer bodies, tight, firm and young and both had tits that were a little bigger than I’d imagined. Tina’s were definitely the nicest of the two, a good size and no sag whatsoever. I knew they both had hard flat stomach’s by what I’d seen them wearing in the past but they looked even better with the water running over them down to their nether regions.

It’s safe to say that by this point my cock was stirring and I knew I had to relieve it from it’s confines before it reached its full 11-inches or the pain would be unbearable. I continued to watch while I rubbed myself through my jeans as Tina moved the attention of the soap from Jessica’s back across her ass and then around the side and over her stomach until she came to her breasts where she began soaping them up and then let the soap fall to the floor only to continue her massage. Jessica’s nipples were hard as a rock and Tina rolled them between her fingers as she pressed her own tits into her back and began kissing and licking her neck. Jessica moved her own hand down to her pussy and began rubbing her clit and started to moan.

Tina ended her massage and brought her hand up from Jessica’s breasts to her chin and slowly turned her around so they were facing each other. Jessica moved in closer again and as their bodies pressed against each other their lips and tongues explored each others mouths with a passion I had never seen between two women before, let alone two teenage girls. It was as if I was watching two high school girls who were very familiar with this sort of activity, almost like they had studied a lesbian porno to get the moves down to the point where everything came naturally.

Jessica lowered herself to her knees in front of Tina, kissing her stomach as the warm water continued to cover them both. Tina put her hands on Jessica’s head and pushed her down to her pussy where she immediately stuck out her tongue and began licking her pussy. Tina was moaning more loudly then Jessica had been and certainly seemed to be enjoying the attention she was getting. Tina moved away and Jessica followed on her knees never allowing her mouth to leave her clit. As Tina leaned her back against the wall, Jessica grabbed Tina’s left leg and placed it over her shoulder to allow her better access to her clit and allowed me a better view of this erotic and wet love session. 

Tina began moaning with still more intensity than ever before and I could sense she was approaching orgasm. I think Jessica could sense this as well as her oral assault on Tina continued at a fever pitch until I could see her start to spasm and send her love juice all over Jessica’s face.

I knew I had to take a chance and let them know I was there if I was going to have a shot at getting involved with these two teen vixens. I decided the best way was to just confront them and see how they reacted. I stepped into the opening and said in my deep radio voice, "Are you two planning on staying in there all night or do I have to come in there and get you myself?" Both heads whipped around to look at me standing there. Jessica made an effort to cover herself up some with her hands but Tina just stood there with her hands on her hips and responded with a question of her own, "how long have you been watching us?" she said. I told them I’d been there long enough to know that this wasn’t the first time they’d been with each other. Jessica seemed embarrassed and did her best to hide behind Tina.

"Well that’s hardly fair then isn’t it", said Tina. "If you get to see us naked then I think it’s only fair that we get to see you naked, besides, Jessica’s never seen a real man naked before." I took this to mean that Tina’s been sexually active with guys before but Jessica obviously hadn’t and the thought of being her first turned me on to say the least. "Well, I guess I’d better get naked then", I said and Tina gave me a bright smile as Jessica seemed a little less shy and moved out from behind Tina a little bit to get a better view of me. "Besides, after watching you two work each other over I worked up a bit of a sweat and could use a shower."

I turned around and went over by their clothes and started to get undressed. The girls were behind me and I could hear them giggling a bit as I removed my outerwear until I was standing there in only my Calvin Klein Boxers. "How big do you think it will be?", Jessica whispered to Tina. "Brian and David were both about 6-inches long so hopefully it will be at least that big" she replied. Still with my back turned to them I bent over and dropped my boxers to the floor. "Nice ass!" I heard Jessica say. "It’s not his ass I’m interested in", Tina answered back. With that I turned around to reveal my half hard cock. "Oh my God!" Tina said, "that’s the biggest dick I’ve ever seen." "There’s no way that’s going to fit inside me", Jessica said as a look of panic came over her face once again.

I walked into the shower and Tina joined Jessica on her knees in front of me. "Is this what you wanted girls?", I asked them. "Fuck ya", came Tina’s response as she grabbed hold of my cock with both her hands and started to lick the head. It didn’t take much of that to get me hard as a rock and to my full thickness. Tina did her best to work me into her mouth as she stroked my cock and fondled my balls. It was a tight fit but I could feel her tongue working the underside of my pole. Jessica was still on her knees rubbing her pussy while watching her girlfriend go down on me. I held out my hand and helped Jessica to her feet and locked lips with her as our tongues went to work in each others mouths. While one hand had hold of her tight ass I used the other to fondle her tits. 

"Why don’t you suck my cock?", I said to Jessica. She nodded and dropped to her knees once again. Tina finished removing my dick from her mouth and passed it off to Jessica who began licking it like a lollipop. "Try and get it as far down your throat as you can", Tina told her. Jessica began to work me into her mouth and I could tell she was having a tough time with it. "Just relax your throat muscles", Tina said as she worked my shaft further into her mouth. It was obvious that Tina had some experience with giving head but even she couldn’t get more than about 5 inches of my massive meat down her throat.

I grabbed hold of Jessica’s long brown hair and tried to encourage her to take more of me inside her. Surprisingly she had managed to get about 7 inches inside her and I could feel the head of my cock on the back of her throat. When she started to gag a little I eased off a bit. I knew she’d taken about all she could handle into that small orifice.

By this time Tina had made her way to her feet and while Jessica continued working my dick over I locked lips and grabbed hold of her young and ample tits. I moved my mouth down to take one of her big nipples into my mouth and she moaned as I sucked and nibbled on one and then the other while my fingers went to work on her clit. We stayed like this for a bit until Tina whispered in my ear, "I’ve never had a cock that big inside me, will you fuck me with it?" I kissed her on the forehead and told her to lay on the shower floor.

I pulled my cock from Jessica’s mouth and got on my knees between Tina’s legs. I spread them apart and moved my mouth down to her pussy. I spread her lips apart and stuck two fingers inside her while I let my tongue work its magic on her clit. Tina began to moan and buck her hips. The longer I worked her over the more violent her spasms got and I could sense she was approaching orgasm. I lifted my head away from her and looked to my left to see Jessica masturbating while sitting on the floor with her back against the shower wall. "Why don’t you sit on Tina’s face and let her take care of that for you", I said to her. Jessica got on her knees and moved over to position herself so her pussy was accessible to Tina’s mouth while facing me. Now both girls were moaning as I pulled my fingers from Tina’s pussy and moved my body closer to hers.

I grabbed my cock and jerked it for a bit while I watched the two girls enjoying each other. I laid my cock on Tina’s stomach as I used my free hands to spread her legs further apart. I started to rub the head of my cock against her opening and then slowly pushed forward, entering her tight teen box. She moaned loudly as I spread her further apart then she’d ever been before. As I managed to get about 8 inches inside her she let out a loud scream causing me to stop. "Are you ok?", I asked her. "Oh fuck", she said, "it feels so good....fuck me...oh... please fuck me...make me a woman". I didn’t need any more encouragement than that. I started to thrust my cock in and out of her tight snatch and with each push I managed to get myself in a little deeper. I eventually got the full length in and managed to get a good rhythm going as my balls slapped her ass with each plunge forward. Tina was taking it well and her hips were moving with me as she moaned loudly and had a tough time keeping her mouth to Jessica’s pussy.

As I continued pumping her and fondling her tits, Jessica leaned down and our lips came together and we kissed each other rather passionately. "Do you want me to fuck you too?", I asked her. Between her moans she said she did but she was a little nervous. I kissed her once more and backed away from her and drove my cock hard into Tina a couple more times and then pulled myself out of her. I told Jessica to get on her hands and knees between Tina’s legs and lick her pussy. Jessica did as she was told and she began licking her friends clit once again. At this point I was standing over both of them with my rock hard cock in my hand. "Oh my God..it’s so big Jessica", Tina said. "You’re gonna lose your virginity in a big way."

I moved behind Jessica and prepared to take her doggy style. I was on one knee and I could see that her ass was so perfect and tight that her pussy was sticking right out just begging to be plugged. I rubbed her clit with my hand and worked a finger inside her, then two and eventually three. I wanted to make it a little easier for her cunt to take my colossal cock. I grabbed my dick and rubbed the head against her pussy and then slowly parted her pussy lips with it. I was just barely inside her when I heard her moan with some sense of pain. "This is going to hurt for a bit do you still want to do it?", I asked her. She lifted her head from Tina’s snatch and turned her head towards me and said, "yes...I’ve been dreaming about you fucking me for a long time and I’m not going to stop it now. Fuck me Mike!"

That’s all the encouragement I needed. I pushed forward and the head of my cock disappeared inside her as her pussy stretched open wide to accommodate my size. She yelped in pain as I felt my cock tear away her virginity. I pulled back out for a moment to allow her to compose herself and as I did I could see the virgin blood coming out with my dick. 

"What are you doing?" Jessica screamed at me. "You’re not done yet, I want all of you inside me." she said. With that I pushed myself back inside her and got about five inches or so into her when she yelled at me again to fuck her. For a normally shy girl she was quite demanding at this point. I thought to myself, if you want all of it, you’re going to get all of it. I grabbed hold of her hips and pounded my cock in the rest of the way as hard as I could. She let out a loud scream that I figured anyone that was standing out in hallway could hear. I knew she was in pain but I didn’t stop. I continued to pummel her pussy as hard and as fast as I could. She came twice as I fucked her from behind. I kept up the pace for about 3 or 4 minutes until I could feel myself getting close to orgasm.

I kept up the pace until I knew I was about to lose it. I pulled out of her pussy and blew my load all over her ass and her back. She rolled off to the side just as another wad of my cum came firing out of my cock with that load landing on Tina’s tits and stomach. When I was done I rolled over and laid down on the shower floor letting the water run over me. I looked over and Tina was scooping some of my cum off her stomach and into her mouth. She motioned for Jessica to come over. Still in pain she moved towards Tina and began licking my cum off her tits.

I moved over to the girls and got between them on the floor. We stayed there kissing and exploring each other for another five minutes or so before we got up and cleaned ourselves up. Both girls were having a tough time moving with their pussy’s being so sore. We all dried off and got dressed and headed out to the vehicle. Both girls sat in the front seat with me and Tina had my cock out and was stroking it. "Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass before Mike?" Jessica asked me. 

"I heard one of the girls at school say she took her boyfriends dick up the ass before and it felt pretty awesome." I told them both that I had done it before and if they wanted me to do it to them sometime, I’d be willing. "If you thought having my cock in your pussy was a tight squeeze, wait till you get it up your butt." I told them. "I guess we better have lots of Vaseline handy", Tina said. We all laughed as I nodded my head in agreement. We haven’t done it yet but every time I see the girls they remind me that they’re waiting for me. I’m sure I’ll be able to find the time soon.