 PRELUDE

It was a fairly typical Saturday morning that had begun a few months ago. I work up naked with and equally naked Charlotte, Charly as she liked to called, in her bed. She was still sleeping and I had my normal morning piss hard-on. I eased out of bed and went to the master bedroom where Charly's sister Nicki slept. I opened the bedroom door and she looked up and smiled at me. She quickly removed her nightie baring her cute titties and sweet pussy. She held her arms open, inviting me into her bed.

I got in bed and kissed her firm lovely breasts as I fingered her pussy. Within minutes she was sopping wet and ready for my cock. I moved between her legs and slipped my erect dick into her womb. She gasped and sighed as I entered her and then we began to move. I fucked her slowly keeping my cock in constant contact with her clit. She came quickly but we both knew that was just the beginning of her intense pleasure.

Fucking her with my piss hard-on was for her benefit as I would not cum. I continued to move in her knowing that the next orgasm would be massive and rock her body. Using my arms, I kept my body weight off of her slender form so as not to crush her. She had her legs locked around my lower body and threw her hips at me matching my thrusts. The wide-eyed look on her face told me that she was close and then she exploded. 

Her hips moved rapidly as she pulled her body close to mine as she climaxed. I stopped moving with my cock buried in her pussy. Her mouth was pressed into my neck to muffle her cries of ecstasy. She recovered slowly and let her body slump back on the bed. I resumed fucking her but she pleaded for me to stop. She couldn't cum again at that moment and the sensations were too much. I eased out of her and left the bed leaving her sexually sated.

My bladder was ready to bust so I quickly headed to the guest bathroom. I must have peed for three or four minutes. Afterward I washed my hands and pecker thoroughly and returned to Charly's bedroom. She was awake and smiled at me when I entered the room. 

"Did you fuck Nicki this morning?"

"Yes, she's resting now."

"She loves it when you fuck her first thing in the morning."

"She certainly does and she really gets off."

"I want you to fuck my pussy first for a while and then my ass."

Charly rolled to her side and I moved behind her in the spoon position. I played with her pussy using my fingers until she was very wet. I slipped my cock into from behind and with my left hand I fondled her ample tits and with my right hand I diddled her clit. She was sopping wet within a few minutes and ready for me to prepare her ass. Because she could get so wet, we always used her natural lubrication for anal sex. She actually preferred her own love juice to a lubricant. I had never been with any woman that could get so wet. My fingers were swimming in her pussy and then I moved the juices to her anus. 

This was anal foreplay for us as I prepared her bottom. We were in no rush as I fingered her rectum getting it nice and wet for my cock. Sensing she was lubricated sufficiently, I positioned my cock at the taut rubbery ring. I pressed forward and my soft spongy mushroom head opened up her rosebud. Once the head slipped past her anus, she placed a hand on my thigh.

"Remember, Not too deep at first and then deeper."

She always issued that caution each time we had anal sex. It wasn't necessary as I would never hurt her and I was always gentle. I figured that she probably felt more secure reminding me. I slowly worked my cock back and forth, in and out, going deeper into her channel. Soon I had my seven-inch-thick cock buried in her rectum and she was cooing and moaning with pleasure. I continued to fondle her tits and tweak her nipples with my left hand. My right hand was busy with two fingers in her pussy and rubbing her clit.

That was Charly's favorite position. She loved spooning with my hands busy and my cock deep in her ass. She loved anal sex and preferred it to vaginal sex. She was not into oral at all either giving or receiving, however she did like playing with my cock and stroking it. I had never cum in her pussy as she loved the feel of semen shooting into her rectum and flooding it. I loved fucking her ass and cumming in it.

Nicki was a total opposite from her sister who loved oral sex both giving and receiving. She told me that no one ate her the way I did and by how she soaked my face, I believed that. As much as she liked getting fucked, she never wanted me to cum in her pussy. Instead she loved to stroke my dick and watch it shoot onto her soft skin. She would occasionally swallow my load but never the first one of the day.

Now I could feel my release building inside me. My ball sac was taut and my toes tingled. I felt the surge travel through my shaft and I drove deep into Charly's ass. I held her tight as a massive load shot into her rectum. She had cum several times before I did but then her body gyrated uncontrollably. I held to her tightly with my cock deep in her bottom. The sphincter clenched and released my shaft over and over, milking every drop of my seed from it. We stayed coupled together as we came down off our orgasmic highs. My cock stayed hard in her and we both knew that I was good for another round.

"Let me go to the bathroom and then we can fuck some more when I come back. I feel like I just had an enema and I need to poop."

Charly was always diligent about keeping her ass very clean. I know that she always douched her ass before and after anal sex. I lay on my back thinking about the arrangement with the two sisters while Charly tended to her needs. I had been having sex with Charly along with several other girls from work for the past year. It was two months ago that it unexpectedly began with Nicki. It was pure recreational sex with the three of us. We weren't looking for long-term relationships. We didn't even kiss, it was just great sex. My thoughts were interrupted when Charly returned to her bed and minutes later I was back in her ass, spooning of course.

RELOCATING AND MEETING NEW GIRLS

The year was 1970 and I joined a company that required a re-location. I moved from the East coast to the 12th largest Midwest city. It was a nice area to live with many recreational things to do and it was very affordable. I was able to rent an apartment twice the size for half the cost. The complex had nice amenities, a swimming pool, Jacuzzi, fitness center, tennis and volleyball courts. Using the company moving allowance, I bought all new furniture instead of the moving my old stuff. 

I was 28 years old at that time and in very good shape from my sports activities, skiing, tennis, SCUBA, and working out. At 6'1" and 190 pounds, I was fit and the girls loved my firm body. The company had softball team and played on Monday and Wednesday evenings. There were a number of girls, who worked at the company, who came to the games and went drinking with us afterward. That was how I met a number of the young women who liked a good time. The first year I had hooked up with five young women and we had good sex together. It was great as they would come onto me when they were in the mood to have their horns scraped.

In addition to league play, our softball team played in several tournaments on weekends. One Saturday we got rained out in the afternoon and that's when I met Charlotte. Another player, Mike was seeing a girl named Connie. They were going back to her place and Mike invited me to join them and Charlotte. I had seen Charlotte, or Charly as she preferred to be called, around the office and at some of the games. Although she had gone drinking with us, we had never hooked up. 

Charly was not the prettiest of the corporate groupies but she was shapely. She had short brown hair and wore glasses that seemed to big for her face. She had kind of a mousy face but then there was the body. She sported a 36-28-36 figure that looked great on her 5'7" and 130-pound body. That day being a hot humid one, she had worn shorts and a halter top. She did not wear a bra and her firm tits filled her halter. 

We got to Connie's place, a small two-bedroom tasteful house. She had kept the house after her divorce. Mike was still married but he had moved some of his clothes into Connie's house. He was also in the process of getting a divorce. In fact, there seemed to be a number of divorced people in that city. I gathered that was from all the sleeping around that was happening. We had some beers and appetizers at the house and then Mike and Connie excused themselves and went to her bedroom. Charly then whispered.

"They're going to fuck before Mike goes home." 

"I assumed that. I guess I should be going."

"Well you can leave or we can use the other bedroom."

I could hardly believe what I was hearing but I accepted the offer. "I would much rather use the other bedroom than leave."

"I was hoping you would say that. We have to shower first. Connie insists on that."

I knew then that it was not the first time Charly had done it there. We went to the bedroom and stripped. I was still in my softball uniform and it took longer but she was naked in seconds. The halter top fell away and I admired her firm shapely tits. We entered the shower together and washed each other but she cautioned me about sex in the shower.

"Connie doesn't want us taking long showers. Let's dry off and go to bed."

I dried her body and I loved her tits and ass. My cock was rock-hard and I was ready to fuck. We went back to the bedroom and when I went to kiss Charly she backed off. 

"I know you have been with other girls from the office and you probably ate their pussies. I have a few rules about sex."

"Okay?"

"I am not into oral sex at all. I don't suck cock and I don't like to have my pussy eaten. I like to fuck but I don't want you to cum in my pussy. I love anal sex and having a cock cum in my ass. Are you okay with that arrangement?"

"Definitely!"

"Good, I want to sit on your dick first."

I got on my back in bed and Charly mounted me. She lowered her pussy onto my cock ever so slowly and I watched her face grimace in delight. Once she was fully penetrated, she began riding my cock. I reached up and fondled her super fine tits and gently pinched the nipples. He eyes were closed as she rode me and she seemed in a state of bliss. Suddenly she cried out and I felt my cock surround by her love juices. I had never experienced any woman getting so wet. She collapsed on my chest and my hands went around her and hugged her to me. Her firm tits were pressed into my hairy chest and I let my hands drift down and cupped her curvy buttocks.

"Oh wow! That was great. I like your big cock."

"It's not that big."

"It's big enough for me and touched all that right spots."

"I'm glad you like it."

"I'm going to like it a lot more when I feel you cumming in my ass. Are your ready for that?"

"Definitely, is there any cream around?"

"You won't need it. I don't use it. You can use the juice from my pussy to lube my ass."

I caressed her buttocks and teased between her ass cheeks. I searched for her nether hole as I massaged her bottom. I finally reached the object of my desire and I rubbed juice from her pussy into her anus. She lifted her hips slightly as I worked her firm ass cheeks. I pulled her buns apart slightly and stared at the cute little aperture. I traced my finger over the ridges of her now swollen sphincter and watched as it seemed to pulse and throb under its own accord.

I scooped more juice out of her pussy with my fingers and pushed it into her bottom. Her hips bucked in response to my probing. I loved anal sex and I loved to watch my cock slide in and out of a hot ass. As my finger entered her channel she gripped it with her sphincter muscle. I continued to finger fuck her ass adding more natural lube from her pussy as needed and eventually I added a second finger. Satisfied that she was well lubed I straddled her hips and guided my slick cock into her pussy to coat it with juices and then I eased it into her ass. My cock head slipped past the moistened anus and the spongy head disappeared into her ass. Her anal ring snapped closed behind the cock head and I marveled at the sight before me. I only had the head of my cock in her and she lifted her hips and pushed back obviously wanting more. That's when I heard the first caution that I would receive every time we had anal sex.

"Not too deep at first and then go deeper."

My cock felt bigger than it had in a while as I eased more of it into her anal passage. I watched as it stretched her open and slid easily in her slippery hole. I continued my slow penetration until the entire length of my shaft was balls deep in her ass. Charly gasped and grabbed the bed sheets as I hit bottom and then moved her ass in time with my thrusts.

"Let's fuck on our sides. I love the spoon position," she rasped.

I rolled both of us to our left side and settled into the spoon position with my cock still buried in her ass My left arm came around and my hand fondled one of her tits and tweaked her nipples as my right hand sought out her pussy. I pushed two fingers into her pussy as I fucked her ass and played with her tits. Charly was going wild as her orgasmic, constricting muscles gripped me firmly.

We fucked slowly as she arched her back and we fitted together perfectly. Her gasps were intermittent and interrupted with cries and sobs of pleasure. Her ass was so snug that I wondered how the semen ever got out of my cock. I fought to hold back my ejaculation as long as possible but the undulating walls of her innards were just too much. I felt the familiar boiling in my balls and I thrust into her as the first blast of cum exploded into her rectum. I barely heard her pleas for me to fill her ass with cum as her contractions milked every drop from my cock. I continued to fuck her slowly and I enjoyed the feeling of warm semen surrounding my cock in her sheath.

"I love the feel of your warm cum in my ass," she sighed as my cock remained nestled in her hole.

We remained in the spoon position and my dick stayed hard in her ass. We both knew that I could cum again and we resumed fucking. I could hear and feel the squishing of my cock in her ass as the semen was pushed around. My hands resumed the fondling and fingering of her tits and pussy. She had a way of gripping my cock with her sphincter that I had never experienced and it felt incredible. She had multiple orgasms and continually drenched my fingers. Then I ejaculated a second time and that load joined the first in her rectum. 

We rested and talked as we recovered from our intense and satisfying orgasms. Charly told me that she loved anal sex and actually preferred it to vaginal sex. She said that she still wanted to cum and she preferred a cock shooting a load in her ass while her clit was being rubbed. We remained in the spoon position for quite a while. I think we even dozed and we were awakened when my softened cock slipped from her ass. She rolled toward me and smiled as she whispered.

"That was some great sex today, you are a good lover. Come on it's time to get up, shower and get dressed. I need to douche my bottom again. You came in buckets, I feel so full."

That was the first time with Charly and it was fantastic anal sex. I learned that she was staying with her sister but she would have sex in other places. Her sister had a strict rule of no sex in the house. I knew I would see Charly again but I also still wanted to continue to see the other girls that I was fucking. I reserved the weekdays for the other girls and Charly and I hooked up usually on Friday evenings and Saturday mornings.

THE OTHER WOMEN

It was not unusual that after ball games on Monday and Wednesday that I would hook up with one of the groupies. I had a couple of things going for me. First, I was discreet and never talked about with whom I slept. Secondly, I was a pretty good lover with a nice cock.

Sharon was a freckled face redhead who loved to suck cock. She would always swallow my load even if it was the first one. I always took good care of her pussy after she blew me, bringing her to multiple orgasms. After my first ejaculation, it took a while for the second and that's what she loved most about getting fucked.

A cute slender blonde named Susie loved for me to eat her pussy and suck on her tiny titties. She wasn't into sucking cock but she loved to fuck and she was good in bed. One thing I taught her was rimming. We took a bath one evening and I made sure that her ass was squeaky clean. I tongued her anus and she loved it but she made it clear, there was no way I was sticking my dick in there.

Sandy was the ultimate slut as she loved to do everything and could never seem to get enough. She always wanted me to eat her pussy and rim her bottom. She did take it in the ass as well as oral and vaginal sex. When she asked me about having group sex, I stopped seeing her as I thought she could become a health risk.

Then there was Liz who just wanted vaginal sex with lots of kissing. She liked it when I ate her pussy but only to get her charged up. She wanted it missionary style and acted as if we were in love. She wanted to kiss while I fucked her and was always turned on by doing that.

There was also Bonnie, a light brown hair woman with an incredible body. She had great tits a killer ass and she was very fit. The odd thing about her is that she always scolded me after anal sex. As much as she protested afterward, she always let me fuck her ass and cum in her. It was almost like she was reconciling her behavior by acting as if she really didn't want it.

MORE SEX WITH CHARLY

Charly didn't come to the games during the week or to our watering hole after the game. I saw her mostly on Friday's and we spent the night together, usually at my place. We also had sex in odd places and she was excited by that, particularly public places or other people's homes. I think it was the thrill of possibly being discovered that turned her on. We had sex in cars, bathrooms, closets, parking lots and outdoors to name most of the places.

One Tuesday night, I decided to work late and as it turned out so did Charly. I met her on the way out and we decided to get a drink together. Later I followed her to her sister's house and we had sex in the back seat of my car. There were no street lights and the only light was from the post lamps in people's yards. It was very difficult to see in the car windows.

We got in the back seat of my car and she immediately peeled off her panty hose. I lowered my pants and underwear to my knees and the two of us played with each other for several minutes. The car had tinted rear windows so it was difficult for anyone outside the car to see in the back seat. There was something very erotic about being partially clothed but still having access to each other. Charly had her legs spread wide as I fingered her pussy and pushed her cunt juice into her anus. She stroked my cock with her hand as I prepared her for another ass fuck.

I was still amazed that she could get so wet during foreplay. My hand was sopping wet and within minutes I had her anus coated with her own pussy juice. I positioned her so that she was kneeling down on the back seat and I knelt behind her. I put my cock in her pussy and let it soak in her juices before I lined it up with her anus.

Once again. As she always did, she reminded me, "Not too deep at first and then deeper."

I eased my cock into her ass as she maneuvered her body to accommodate the anal penetration. She had her head down on the car seat turned to one side and I watched her face grimace slightly as my cock made its way into her ass. She moaned and groaned as I slowly fucked her going a little deeper with each thrust. Once I was all the way in I picked up the pace and fucked her until I flooded her rectum with my seed. She had her fingers buried in her cunt and she brought herself off as I plowed her ass. When my hips stopped moving she milked my cock with her sphincter muscle and then her hips gyrated as her own orgasm overtook her. I had to hold her tightly to keep my cock in her ass as her hips jerked out of control.
