 The doorman pushed open the swinging door, forcing Sharon to brush against him as she entered. His hand was just a touch too low on her back for a casual gesture as he guided her through and without glancing back, she knew his eyes were lingering on the sway of her skirt hem high against her thighs. It was a private club, so she paused at the hostess station long enough to smile and get a nod of acknowledgment.

Laser lights circled and pulsed through the fog of the dance floor. Not many people were dancing yet, but the DJ was playing the kind of music that would crowd the dance floor as the club filled. Sharon made her way over to the bar and took a seat, legs crossed, leaning over the bar to wait for the bartender's attention. Within moments he set a Margarita down by her—on the rocks with salt. She shook her head, "Oh, I didn't—"

The bartender smiled and gestured toward the end of the bar where a good-looking man smiled, meeting her eyes and toasting her with his scotch glass. Sharon smiled and nodded her thanks then looked intently into the glass, waiting for her cheeks to cool. She glanced back again and saw he was still watching her but made no move to join her. She drank slowly, listening to the music, smiling and waving at acquaintances.

A second Margarita appeared as the first glass emptied and Sharon looked back to find the same handsome man watching her almost fondly. She smiled encouragingly, but he made no move to join her. More people were dancing now, leaving bar stools and tables unattended. Sharon found herself swaying to the music and contemplated dancing alone.

"Hi."

Sharon looked up to see a man leaning against the bar beside her. She smiled. "Hello." His smile showed white, straight teeth. He was handsome—dark eyes, warm caramel skin and close-cut curly hair. His woven shirt strained over his broad shoulders and the opened neck hinted at a well-formed torso.

"David," he said, holding out his hand, thumb up.

Sharon put her hand out to shake his. "Sharon," she answered as she watched him smoothly turn her hand palm down and bring it up to brush her knuckles with his lips. Sharon felt a little flip in her stomach and slowly pulled her hand back.

The bartender set a frosted mug and a Carona down in front of David. "On your own, tonight?" David asked.

Sharon glanced down the length of the bar. Yes, he was still watching and still made no move to join her. "Yes, I am, "she nodded. Sharon and David made small talk for a few minutes as he drank his beer, Sharon looking around the bar for inspiration and landing on the Panthers' incredible season as the TV above the bar showed highlights from Sunday's game and the sports anchors dissected the possibilities of tomorrow's game.

"Dance?" David jerked his head toward the dance floor in an invitation. Sharon slid off the bar stool and let David lead her onto the dance floor. She let the rhythm take over her body, moving close enough to David that their chests brushed. He pulled her closer, running his hands over her hips and moving so that his thigh was between hers. Sharon smiled at him, her left arm draped over his shoulder while her right hand moved over his shoulder and arm, testing the firmness and contours of his muscles. David looked down into her eyes, his own dark with desire. One hand held the back of her neck as he leaned forward to kiss her. The other slid under her skirt, caressing her bare bottom in soft circles. She met his kiss with softly parted lips, darting her tongue out to stroke across the seam of his mouth. David moaned and thrust his tongue into her mouth, forcing it open as he plundered her. Sharon's heart raced and her skin tingled. He roughly turned her around, pulling her bottom tight against his erection, kissing her neck as he brought his hands up to her breasts. His thumbs teased at her nipples, making them hard. Sharon arched her back, pushing her aching breasts against his palms and wiggling her hips against his. A little moan escaped her lips as David nipped at her neck. He pushed at the sleeves of her off-the shoulder blouse until they were down around her elbows, her perfect breasts exposed and her arms pinned to her side.

A couple dancing near them moved closer, the man reaching out for Sharon's breast as they danced by. David growled low and spun Sharon away from them, turning her again in his arms. His warm breath near her ear made her shiver. He sucked at her earlobe then slid his lips and tongue down her jaw and neck. He took a nipple in his mouth, lightly biting it while running the firm tip of his tongue over and over again across the sensitive tip of her nipple. His hand moved to her other breast, squeezing it roughly and then pinching the nipple with just the right amount of pressure. Sharon writhed involuntarily against his hard body, giving herself up completely to the sensations of her body. David grunted and straightened suddenly.

"Come," David commanded, grabbing Sharon's hand and leading her across the dance floor to a banquette opposite the bar. He slid her blouse further down her arms, her wrists now pinned slightly behind her back and pushed her onto the bench roughly. Sharon's eyes widened as David leaned over her, nipping at her neck, licking over her chest until his mouth reached her breast again. He look her right nipple into his mouth, rolling it around on his tongue before sucking it hard. He released it and turned his attention to her left nipple, moving back and forth between them as she arched and writhed under him. His hand moved between her thighs, parting her folds. His finger found the sweet spot and he flicked and circled and stroked.

"You're so wet," he whispered. Sharon bit back a moan. "Are you ready to come for me?" he asked. She nodded. "Uhn uh," he answered. "Not yet."

David pulled her up from the bench and sat down there, pulling her onto his lap. He pushed her sleeves all the way over her hands, freeing her arms to come up and clutch at his shoulders. Again, his mouth claimed hers, his hands roaming over her body. Then he took her hand and guided it to his cock. She fumbled with his buckle and fly, but suddenly his cock was free and standing at attention. It's a very nice cock, Sharon thought. She ran her fingers over it lightly, testing the smoothness of the skin and the hardness of the erection. She bent over him, flicking her tongue over the rim his knob. She made her tongue stiff and licked up the vein running the length of his cock. He moaned and she smiled to herself. She ran her tongue around the knob before taking his cock deep, sputtering a little as he thrust his cock up. Slowly she worked her lips and tongue up the length of his shaft, tongue undulating against him. Suddenly he grunted and pulled her up onto his lap again, impaling her on his shaft.

Sharon gasped with the sudden motion, but let out a slow, shuddering breath as she began to rock against him. She tightened around him as she moved slowly up and forward, rolling back and down, her hips rolling against his as she moved over and over until the wave of pleasure began to overtake her and she moved frantically, burying her face in the hollow of his neck and shoulder, muffling her scream on his skin as she seized the promised orgasm. She felt his cock swelling inside her as he came with her, his fingers digging into her bare bottom. There were a few moments of oblivion as the waves of pleasure subsided.

"Mmmm. Lovely," someone whispered in Sharon's ear. The man from the bar took her hand and helped her stand up. He softly caressed her skin as he pulled her blouse back up, pausing to flick his tongue over each breast as he covered it. He held her coat for her, pulling her hair out of the collar and depositing a kiss on her neck before letting it fall back into place. He turned her to face him and gave her a passionate kiss as he pulled the collar of her coat up. "You were magnificent," he smiled. "I can't wait to get you home and have my turn." He took her hand and led her out of the club, his thumb rolling her wedding band around on her finger.