 At first I had been more than a little angry at my parents for deciding to vacation in Hawaii for two weeks, without me. However, barely a day after they had left, getting angry was the furthest thing from my mind.

A little after my mom had me, my parents got married. An attempt had been made to get married before I was born, but things didn't want to happen that way. So, I was born, and two days later my parents got married. Twenty years later, my parents boarded a plane for Hawaii.

My father had said to me, right before they left, "I know you're angry with your mother and me that we're not taking you with us. We also don't want any parties, and we've got some people that will be checking in on you. But, here's some money, so you can get out of the house and have some fun. It's also your grocery fund, so if you're out, you're out." Five hundred dollars for two weeks wasn't too shabby at all. It wasn't Hawaii, but it was five hundred dollars - about a month's worth of pay.

Unfortunately, since I had moved away two years ago to go to school, I had lost touch with most of my high school buddies. Not that they would have been my first choice, but something is better than nothing. The nearest college buddy was two hours away, and I knew he'd be working nights. He could probably come down with some other guys over the weekend, but that was five days away.

They'd left early, so I grabbed a bit to eat, took a shower, shaved, and got dressed. It was only eleven, so there wasn't much I could do in town, unless I wanted to go shopping, which I didn't need to do, nor want to do. So, I turned on the TV.

I was aroused from my comatose state by a knock on the door. I checked the time and saw that I'd spent almost three hours in front of the TV. Real waste, but, what else was I going to do? Bars wouldn't be hopping until at least 9 or 10 tonight.

I reached the door, opened it, and was presented with a clipboard. "Package for Mr. Alanston - sign here." Package didn't look like much, so I brought it up to my dad's study and headed back down to the TV.

Skipping ahead, I ended up watching TV until my stomach started growling, around 5. So, I headed into the kitchen and started heating up inst-o meals. If you fork enough of these down your throat, they can fill you up, contrary to what you'd think. I was on my third when the doorbell rang. I headed into the hall and opened the door.

Standing at the door was this dark-haired babe, of the first order. She was clearly older than me, but was nonetheless in her twenties. She smiled at me and said "Hi, I'm Eva. Your mom told me to check in on you?"

"Oh, hey. Yeah, I'm Matt." I stuck out my hand which she shook. "Nice to meet you."

Blue eyeliner, pink lipstick, light tan, and a very hot suit-skirt, buttons from top to bottom in the front, skirt coming down to just above her knees. My mom worked over at an office park, for a number of smaller businesses. The businesses shared secretaries, to keep costs low, and I figured Eva was one of my mom's co-workers.

"Want to come in?"

She looked off guard, like she wasn't really planning on it. "Huh? Oh, no, I don't think I need to ..."

I grinned at her, since it looked like she was getting a little nervous. "Okay, but I might just be having a party in back." I winked and grinned some more.

She laughed, and some of the smile came back to her face. "Oh, I don't know, it sounds pretty quiet."

"Yeah, I told 'em all to be quiet while I got the door."

She kept smiling, but licked her lips. I figured I'd make a move that would force her in.

"Want some water to drink?" I turned and headed towards the kitchen, letting the door sit open.

"No, but thanks ..."

By this time I was in the kitchen, getting a glass. By the time I had opened the fridge, I heard the front door shut. By the time I was heading towards the hallway, Eva had made her way to the kitchen.

She made her way over to the bar and sat on a stool. I moved the glass towards her and made my way past her, to grab a chair at the table. I sat and turned my chair and body towards her. From my vantage point, I was a little more than eye-level with the top of the stools.

She looked around, and I took the chance to rock the chair back so I could sneak a peek up her skirt. It was obvious, but I'm okay with obvious, especially since she had her legs parted.

"Doesn't look like you've got any parties happening ..." She caught my eyes, as I flicked them up to her face. I grinned, she smiled and looked down, and brought her legs together.

"Not yet, but I think something's going to happen soon?"

"Oh yeah?"

"Sure. Maybe in half an hour, maybe not until tonight. But something's going to happen. You work with my mom at the office park?"

"Yeah, sometimes."

"That's cool. You're allowed to wear outfits like those there?"

That caught her off guard. "What do you mean?"

"Well, that's a pretty fancy suit. I would have thought you were maybe one of the execs in a suit like that."

She laughed and rolled her eyes. "Sure ..."

"No, seriously, it's very classy." She grabbed her glass, took a sip. "But very sexy as well."

She stopped, swallowed and coughed. "Uh huh."

"Seriously. Sorry I was trying to look up your skirt a little bit ago."

She looked at me, seemingly amazed that I would admit to it.

"I just had to know what color."

"What color?"

"Sure, what color underwear you have on."

She laughed but seemed even more surprised. "What color underwear I have on?!?"

"Well sure."

"And what would that tell you?"

"A lot." She could tell I was b.s.-ing her. "Seriously. Like, if you had pink underwear on, or white underwear, or more of a natural brown, that would tell me a lot."

She still was amazed, but looked like she thought I was just goofing with her, trying to be cute. "So what if I had pink underwear on?"

"Do you?"

"No, but what if I did?"

"Well, that would tell me that you just want to have fun. You may dress really sharp and business-like, but at the end of the day, you just want to party."

"Really?"

I didn't let her say anything further. "Sure. And if you were wearing a natural color, like tan, that means you'd just let things happen if they're going to happen. Much more laid back."

"Uh huh. And what about white?"

"A good girl." She laughed. "I'm being serious." I smiled though.

She laughed again. "Huh, I didn't know you could tell so much about a girl just by looking at the color of her underwear." She got up to leave. "Thanks for the water."

I stood up, and tried to put on a hurt puppy dog face. "Hold on, aren't you going to let me see?"

She laughed again, and her eyes got big, but she had a smile on her face. "See what?" She was totally being a tease.

"Your underwear of course."

At this point, my throbbing penis was sucking all of the blood and air out of my brain. 'Only one head can get a bloodrush at a time.' She could storm out of the place, call my parents, as I'd have to assume the people checking in on me would have that information, and get me in a whole s*-load of trouble.

"You want to see my underwear?" Another laugh.

"Yeah. I thought that's what we've been talking about?"

"You can't see my underwear." She looked towards the empty glass.

"Let me get you some more water." She didn't stop me. As I poured some more, I moved along. "And no, I can't see your underwear, but that's because you've got that suit-skirt on."

"Suit-skirt?" She looked down at herself. "That's an interesting name ..." She looked up at me and grinned.

"Whatever it's called. Look, I'll make a deal with you?"

"What."

"Does that mean yes?"

"No, that means what's the deal."

"Oh. Well, how about I guess what color underwear you're wearing. Then, you show me, and if I'm wrong, I'll give you twenty bucks?"

"Twenty bucks?"

"Sure. Then you could buy yourself a nice dinner tonight. If I'm wrong."

She exhaled. "You just aren't going to give up, are you?"

I grinned and shook my head. "Nope."

She laughed, somewhat nervously and threw her head back. She looked up at the ceiling and shook her head. "I shouldn't be doing this ..."

"Nobody will find out. Heck, my parents would chew me out if they found out."

She looked at me, so looking like she was going to say no.

"Please?" Puppy dog look again. "Heck, I'd even give you twenty bucks even if I'm right."

She groaned, looked down at the floor. Very quietly, "Get the twenty."

I jumped and grinned. "Thank you thank you!" I grabbed her in a quick embrace and headed down the hall and towards the living room. I grabbed a twenty out of my stash and headed back to the kitchen.

She was sitting on the stool again, legs together. "Here you go, twenty dollars." I handed it to her. "Now, for my guess ..."

She put the bill on the table and looked back at me. Her face was blank, so I knew I'd have to think quick.

I knew they weren't bright nor white, since my quick half-glance had told me that. So, I figured I'd go with the natural choice.

"My guess is a natural color."

She laughed and looked down. "A natural color? Aren't you supposed to pick one?"

I grinned. "I didn't say I'd pick one, just that I'd guess a color. A natural color is my guess. So, like tan, or brown."

"So you think I'm ... laid back?"

"Yeah."

"Well, in that case, sorry, my underwear is not a natural color." She got up.

"Really? Darn, I thought I had it."

"Sorry." She smiled-grinned.

I tried to look sad. "Well, let's see."

"Hmm?"

I tried to look shocked, but I knew what was going on. "Your underwear. Let's see it."

She laughed and looked to the side. "Alright, real quick." She looked at me with a straight face. "But no telling anyone that I did this, alright?"

"Of course not. Like I said, my parents would kill me."

She sucked in some air and looked off to the side. Her hands started moving.

"Um ..."

She looked at me. She sighed out a "Yeah?"

"I couldn't by any chance do it, could I? Move your skirt up that is?"

She chuckled, looked at me, looked to the side, back to me.

"Grr ..." She paused. "Okay, I guess."

I grinned. "Thanks."

She was standing, so I grabbed the seat of my chair and moved it right in front of her. She looked a little surprised, but I let my hands stand still for a bit, and she calmed down. I wanted her to think I was nervous.

I looked up at her and tried to feign a troubled grin. "Thanks for letting me do this."

"Yeah. Just hurry up." It wasn't mean, so that was a good sign.

I moved my hands to the bottom edge of her skirt, letting them slid the edge between my index fingers as I moved towards the center of her skirt. I moved one hand towards the bottom button, then the other. As I unbuttoned it, I heard a little "Uhh ..." come from Eva's lips.

I moved my hands up and undid the second button, and was moving towards the third.

"Uh, what are you doing?"

I looked up at her, but kept my hands moving towards the fourth. "Unbuttoning the bottom of your suit so I can see your underwear."

"Oh. I was thinking you were just going to lift it up." I moved my hands towards the fifth. I could see her crotch now, covered by a black pair of underwear.

"Well, I could do that, but I didn't want to be so rough."

Her hands moved over mine as I put them on the sixth button. Her panties were in view now, but just a little bit was still hiding. "I think that's enough."

"Oh, just the one more. That way I can see them all. Otherwise there may be a little natural color at the top." I grinned.

I moved my hands and she didn't stop me. The bottom half of her suit was completely unbuttoned. I moved the sides of the suit off to the side so I could check her out.

She was wearing a black pair of panties, solid, maybe silk, with tiny little strings on the side, leading to the back. I let my eyes crawl over her panties and legs, and then moved my eyes up. She was blushing but looking at me.

"Black, as you can see. Not brown or tan." She put her hands on my arms and applied a bit of pressure - wanting me to close her skirt.

I let the arms stay and looked back at her panties. "You were right." I sniffed loudly. "God, you're wet, aren't you?"

She gasped and tried to move away, but I kept her close and moved my head down. "Oh God you are."

I looked up at her and moved my head closer to her panties, flaring my nose a little. She was red red by now, but she'd stopped moving away.

I kept my eyes trained on her's. "Can I taste you?"

She gasped again. "Shit." She caught me off guard as she backed away from me and I lost my hold. "I really shouldn't be doing this."

She moved to my side, towards the kitchen table and hallway. I was up and behind her in an instance as I gently pushed her onto the kitchen table.

I felt my cock, through my pants, rubbing up against the cheeks of her ass and we both moaned. In a second I was to my senses as I moved her legs further apart, forcing her to lay her upper body on the table. I kept one hand on the small of her back as I moved the back of her skirt up, giving me a full view of her ass.

Her black panties followed to the back where a thin strip of cloth moved down her ass - a thong. I let my free hand move up and down one cheek, then the other. My cock was going to burst.

I unsnapped the button on my pants and immediately unzipped. My cock, pressing against the boxers, was teased with freedom. At the sound of unzipping, Eva tried to stand and look around. I moved both hands to her back to keep her down.

I whispered quickly. "It's okay, I won't fuck you. It's okay, I won't fuck you."

She relaxed so I moved a hand back towards my pants and eased them down. I slipped my rock hard cock out of the hole in my boxers and put my free hand around her waist, towards her crotch. I let my fingers rub around her, and she started to pant and moan, pushing against my hand. I let my free cock trace the path of her thong down her ass towards her crotch.

I wanted to lean up against her and get off right there. But I had another idea.

I moved away, then back towards her, letting my cock slip between her legs. She started to tense up again. "Please ..."

I whispered slowly. "It's okay. I won't fuck you." She eased up.

I moved away a little, then back. I let my free hand line up my cock with crotch and let it move slowly over her. I could feel her wetness and heat as I moved myself up and down, ever so slightly.

She moaned and I let myself push into her, pushing her panties into her body, my head following. I pushed deep and deeper and she moaned longer and longer. I was fully in her, surrounded on all sides, pulling her panties tight as I pushed into her.

I withdrew, almost, then pushed back in, again and again. She was moaning, whispering "Oh God", over and over. I wanted to fuck her brains out her ears. I pulled out slowly again, then pushed in hard and fast. Slowly out, strong and fast in. Again, and again, and again, and again. Every time I pulled out she'd moan, every time I stormed in we'd both grunt. I could feel myself getting closer. I moved my hand from her back to where my other hand rested and moved between her legs, letting both hands bring her closer and closer. Finally, I was too close, so I withdrew, keeping one hand working on her, while the other brought me to climax. I pointed and shot, again and again, all over her ass. As if waiting for me, she followed shortly thereafter.

I finally moved back, letting myself slump onto one of the stools. She stayed there, laying against the table, ass up towards me, legs spread, crotch clearly in view, panties still deep inside of her, stretched tight everywhere else. She finally started moving, first pulling her panties out and loose. She looked at me, moved her hands towards her waist, and pulled her panties down, lifting one leg, then the other. She wiped her ass, cleaning me off of her, and stood up, letting her skirt fall into place.

She swayed, tossed her panties towards me, which landed on top of my now limp penis. She smiled, swayed as if drunk, and started buttoning her skirt. Once she was done, she looked up at me. "Thanks." Out of the kitchen, down the hall, and out the door. I heard a car drive away a short while later, picked myself up and headed upstairs to shower.

===

I headed back downstairs after my shower, and locked the front door. I headed into the kitchen, wanting to heat up one more meal when I noticed it, beside the panties I had placed on the bar. I figured there was still thirteen days, and she was bound to show up at least once more to collect her twenty dollars ...

[END Chapter 1]