 Chapter 2 Snacks

As the weeks passed, the two couples became close friends. They hung out with each other and took turns visiting each other's homes. When one couple was away for a weekend or on vacation, the other couple kept an eye on their home. They developed a degree of mutual trust between that helped overcome the initial awkwardness of their relationship.

Whenever Aiko and Gerald met Nora and Ryan, they made a point of greeting them with a hug or a kiss or both. When they were together, it was not unusual for them to touch each other lightly while talking about things that interested or animated them. Nora and Ryan understood, and more importantly, accepted that physical contact was an expression of their friends' affection for them.

One Sunday, Aiko and Gerald, knowing that their neighbours' children were staying with Nora's parents for the weekend, invited Nora and Ryan to come over to their house to watch the baseball game.

When they arrived, Gerald opened the door. "Hi, come on in," he said waving them through the door. "Aiko's preparing snacks. "The baseball game is in the second inning already."

"You guys go ahead and watch your baseball game," Nora said. "I'll go help Aiko." She headed straight for the kitchen.

As the two wives were preparing the snacks and drinks, they heard loud shouts of disappointment and dismay coming from the living room. Both men were Blue Jays fans.

"I think the Blue Jays are already losing," Aiko remarked. "They really love their baseball." She smiled. "They won't bother us for a while. It'll give us a chance to talk."

"I don't care about baseball anyway," Nora replied.

Aiko was silent for a few moments. "I've got a confession to make," Aiko said.

"Oh? You do?" Nora said wondering about the sudden turn in conversation.

"But I'm worried you might get mad at me," Aiko cautioned.

That statement made Nora nervous for some reason. Yet she wanted to know what her friend wanted to get off her chest. "I won't get mad at you. I promise."

"You remember when we first saw each other in the restaurant?"

"Yeah."

"I deliberately showed off my thigh to your husband."

"You what!" she yelled in a whisper, shocked. How could you? Why? Why would you do something like that? We were total strangers!"

"Please, let me explain," Aiko hurriedly said. "I know it sounds bad and makes me look like a slut but there was reason. Just let me explain, okay?"

Nora paused. "Okay Aiko, tell me."

"Because you showed off your thigh to my husband."

"I did not!" Nora protested, barely managing to keep her voice low. "That's absurd," she said defensively. "I'm not that kind of girl."

Aiko cut her off. "I know that now."

Nora looked at her questioningly.

"Your sundress ran up your thigh," Aiko continued, "while you were talking to your husband. Of course, my horn-dog husband noticed. I saw him fixate his eyes on your thigh. His imagination did the rest. To many men, a woman's thigh is like a bright shiny object, especially if the woman is as attractive to him as you are."

Nora did not know what to say. She could not decide whether she should be embarrassed because she had inadvertently turned on another man or be flattered that a handsome man like Gerald found her attractive.

"You happen to be his type too, you know," Aiko added breaking into Nora's thought.

Nora stared at her in disbelief. Then her embarrassment won out. Her face reddened. "Oh, I didn't realize... Oh my god, I'm so embarrassed. I didn't do it on purpose. Really."

"Don't be embarrassed. I know now it wasn't deliberate. You don't come across as a woman who goes around knowingly teasing other men without your husband knowing about it, or worse, doing it in front of another man's wife."

Nora thought her choice of words was a little odd but dismissed the thought because a lot of questions were rushing through her head.

"Were you pissed off at your husband?" Nora inquired.

"Not at all," Aiko said, "when I exposed my thigh to your husband, it was not so much to tease your husband as to pay back mine. I didn't mean to cause any trouble for you two. I'm sorry about that."

Nora seemed relieved by Aiko's confession. She wondered. 'She calls it payback but she doesn't seem all that upset about her husband's behaviour.'

Once again, Aiko broke into her thoughts. "Boys will be boys. If Ryan is a regular kind of guy," Aiko continued, "he'll find other women attractive too. But I can tell he's really deeply in love with you."

'This talk is taking a rather strange turn,' she thought.

"I guess that's supposed to make me feel better," Nora said out loud, "although I admit seeing him ogling you made me jealous."

"Look at it this way," Aiko pressed, "Fair is fair. If guys can ogle girls, then we girls have an equal right to ogle guys."

Nora snickered. 'True enough,' she thought.

"Do you think my husband is good-looking?" Aiko asked out of the blue completely catching Nora off-guard. "Come on. Tell me," she urged her friend. "I won't get mad at you. It's just us girls and we're friends."

"Yes, I do" Nora confirmed.

"Is he sexy?" Aiko whispered conspiratorially. "I know you think he is. Just say it."

"Yes, he is," she whispered back nervously.

Aiko grinned. "But you still love Ryan. Right?" she asked.

"Of course I do." She sounded almost offended at the suggestion that it could be otherwise.

"Well, there you go," Aiko said triumphantly. "Being in love with your husband does not exclude the possibility of finding other men attractive."

"I suppose," Nora conceded reluctantly.

"I've got one more confession."

"What's that?" Nora replied wondering what her new friend would come up with next.

"I think your husband is very sexy," Aiko declared. "I think we girls are really lucky to have such gorgeous men to love us and make love to us. Don't you think?"

Nora had to agree although Aiko's oblique reference to their sex life made her feel a little uncomfortable.

"You know what that means?" Aiko asked.

"What?" Nora wanted to know but was afraid that she might like the answer.

"We're just as bad as those two guys we're married to. We love our husbands but find other men attractive. So what if they find other women attractive? They love only us. Right?"

Nora could not argue with her logic.

Aiko then looked at her watch. "Oh crap, we've been chattering like magpies for the last 15 minutes. The guys must be wondering what's taking so long."

"I doubt it," Nora said. "They've been pretty quiet. No cheers and no groans mean the score has remained the same and the Jays are still losing."

They grabbed the snacks and joined their husbands.

"It's about time!" Gerald exclaimed. "What took you so long?"

"Girl talk, stupid," Aiko replied with a sweet smile.

Gerald sensed that Aiko had an 'exploratory' talk with Nora. He knew he would hear about it later.

The rest of the afternoon was spent in talk and watching the baseball game The Jays lost..

When the game ended, Nora said, "We've got to go. We have to pick up the kids. They've got school tomorrow."

* * *

After Nora and Ryan left, Aiko told Gerald about their conversation in the kitchen.

"Well, that's very interesting to know," Gerald said. "Do you still think we can make swingers out of them?" he asked.

"Hmm," she hummed thinking about what he just asked. "Many people who are married to each other but are attracted to other people do nothing about it," she observed. "Some end up cheating on their spouses and ruin their marriages. Very few people share their spouses. On thing is for sure. I don't want any part in ruining a marriage, including theirs," Aiko emphasized. "Whatever happens between us and them has to be consensual and the timing has to be right."

"That's always been our rule," Gerald confirmed.

She thought for a moment. "I've got an idea," she said. "Let's push some boundaries. Let's be a little extra friendly."

Gerald understood what she meant. "We have to be really careful, though, that we don't cross their lines so strongly that we upset them. We don't want things to turn out badly, especially since they are our neighbours too."

"I don't think we'll have too much trouble with Ryan," Aiko asserted. "He's a typical male and can be weak-minded about sex. It's Nora that we have to be concerned about."

* * *

As time passed, the two couples became even closer and more casual and comfortable in each other's company. Occasionally Aiko and Gerald, often joined by Ryan, would tell off-colour jokes, make sexual insinuations, and talk in suggestive double-entendres. Although Nora shied away from directly participating in their ribald humour, she blushed, giggled or even laughed along with her husband and their friends.

Nora and Ryan also noticed that their interracial neighbours were occasionally absent on weekends. They assumed that their friends were visiting their daughters or other family. At other times, they had overnight weekend visitors. Sometimes it was family. Aiko and Gerald introduced them to their family members. At other times, they had visitors who were clearly not family, but curiously Aiko and Gerald made no effort to introduce them.

Nora and Ryan wondered why because they had introduced them to some friends, even those who did not live in their neighbourhood. but not to some others. They did not ask them about it because they did not want to seem to be nosy. They decided to assume that their friends had their own reasons.

What the couple did not know was that some of Aiko and Gerald's friends were really 'friends with benefits'. They were their swinger friends. At first, Aiko and Gerald were not ready or willing to introduce Nora and Ryan to them even casually. They wanted to wait until their friendship had progressed to the point where they could handle the shock of learning about their secret swinging life. Now that a few months had passed, Aiko and Gerald believed that their plan to reveal their swinging life and involve them in it was approaching.

"Soon," they told each other, "soon."

* * *

'Soon' meant Nora's and Ryan's birthdays, which were only two months apart from each other. Aiko and Gerald had a general idea of using their friends' birthdays to become 'extra friendly' with their neighbours in pursuit of their goal to seduce them. They realized that they would have to do a considerable amount of improvisation.

Nora's birthday came first.

Gerald wore shorts and a T-shirt. Aiko wore a short skirt and blouse, leaving the top button undone.

Aiko and Gerald walked to their neighbours' house to celebrate her birthday. They understood that their ability to improvise and adapt to the situation would make or break their plan.

"Give Nora an extra-nice hug and kiss," Aiko coached Gerald as they approached the front door. As if answering an unspoken question she added, "Because I'm with you, he won't expect you to do anything unusual. I think Ryan will be too surprised to react right away when he sees you being a little extra friendly with his wife."

Gerald laughed. "I know you won't object, but he doesn't know that you don't object."

"That's precisely the point," she replied. "He'll have trouble reconciling what he sees and my reaction to what you do. Just don't overdo it. Timing is everything," she advised.

They reached their neighbour's home and rang the bell.

Ryan opened the door and invited them with a sweep of the arm. "Come on in neighbours. Nora is upstairs. She'll be down in minute."

The three chatted until Nora came downstairs.

When she did, Aiko hugged her first and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Happy Birthday, Nora."

"Thank you," she replied with a smile.

Nora was about to offer her cheek to Gerald. Instead, he surprised her by wrapping his arms completely around her and then giving her a firm lingering hug. Instead of kissing her on the cheek, he kissed her directly on the lips, very briefly flicking his tongue across them. Feeling her body against him, her soft lips against his harder lips, and her feminine scent caused his penis to stiffen.

Although only a few seconds passed, Gerald held onto Nora just long enough for her to detect the unmistakable bulge in his pants. Too stunned to react, Nora did not immediately push herself off from him. Instead, she almost found herself responding to his kiss. She felt a bit naughty. She shivered with excitement. The tingling between her legs and her stiffening nipples betrayed her body's responses to his unexpected embrace.

Before she had a chance to recover her sense of propriety, Gerald let her go. The flicker of both excitement and embarrassment that he had seen in her eyes told Gerald that his embrace had achieved the desired effect.

When Nora looked into Gerald's face, she saw lust and amusement in his eyes. She had known that Gerald was attracted to her. Aiko had told her so. But she suddenly realized that he lusted after her. And she enjoyed it! His physical reaction to her flattered her and made her feel sexy.

Then her mood changed. Embarrassment gradually replaced flattery. Then a sense of guilt entered into the mix of her emotions. She thought that her unbidden physical reaction to Gerald's hug and kiss was totally inconsistent with her vows to her husband. She was sure that she loved her husband. But it had to be just plain wrong to be so sexually attracted to another man. Her feelings were in turmoil. She struggled to keep it hidden.

Gerald was discreet. He smiled with a twinkle in his eye but otherwise pretended that nothing out of the ordinary had happened. However, both now knew that sparks of genuine lust had flown between.

From his perspective, Ryan at first interpreted what he saw as a display of extra affection for Nora because it was her birthday. But he also noticed that his wife looked slightly flustered. It made him feel uneasy. 'Did something happen that I didn't notice?' he wondered.

When he looked at Aiko, she seemed to behave as if nothing untoward had happened. 'Maybe it was my imagination,' he thought.

Nora suddenly intruded on his thoughts. "I should get some snacks for us."

She was desperate for an excuse to be alone for a few moments to regain her composure. She needed to get her sexual reaction to Gerald's sensual hug under control. She did not want her husband or Aiko a chance to guess that Gerald had excited her. Nora hastily walked to the kitchen.

Ryan thought that his wife was unusually abrupt.

"I'll get us some beer," Ryan told Gerald as he followed his wife to the kitchen.

"What's up?" he asked in the kitchen. "You're acting a little strangely."

"I'll tell you later," she said in a tone that told him that now was not the time to press the issue.

"If I didn't know any better,' he thought, 'I'd swear she's looking guilty.'

Meanwhile, with both Nora and Ryan in the kitchen, Aiko and Gerald had a few moments to themselves.

Aiko gave her husband a wink. "Good job," she declared, "now it's my turn."

When Ryan returned with a beer in each hand, Gerald and Aiko were sharing the sofa, sitting next to each other. He handed a beer to Gerald.

"Thanks buddy," Gerald said, "I can use a beer to cool down."

Ryan saw the wisp of a smile quickly develop on Aiko's face and then almost as quickly disappear.

'Am I missing something?' he asked himself. He thought the ambient temperature was certainly warm but he would not describe it as hot.

Ryan took the easy chair at the short end of the coffee table. "Cheers," he said to Gerald as they tapped their beer cans together.

With the boys settled in with their cans of beer, Aiko stood up.

"I'll check on Nora to see if she needs any help," she declared. "You guys just talk about boring guy stuff anyway. Enjoy your beer." She headed for the kitchen.

As Aiko walked into the kitchen, she said, "Oh, it's a little hot in here, isn't it?"

"The air circulation isn't as good as it should be," Nora acknowledged, "especially after cooking."

Aiko loosened the second and third buttons of her blouse. "That should help," she said aloud, seemingly to herself. "Would you like me to bring some snacks to the boys?"

Nora saw that she she had now exposed more flesh although the blouse still covered her breasts. Aiko was not wearing a bra and she had firm breasts.

"Sure, right over there." Nora pointed at the counter.

She sighed with relief. She did not want go into the living room yet, She needed timee to regain her complete composure.

Aiko picked up two bowls, one with tacos and the other with guacamole dip and then returned to the living room.

"It's hot in the kitchen too," she commented to the men. She waved her hand in front of her face as if to fan herself.

Gerald noticed that she now had undone three buttons of her blouse. He had a pretty good idea what she was about to do.

She stooped in front of Gerald, putting down the bowl of tacos on the coffee table. The angle enabled Ryan to see inside her blouse. He immediately saw her breasts dangling down inside her blouse. His mouth watered at the fleshy sights. He was tempted to put his hand inside her blouse and play with her firm womanly mounds.

Given that Ryan was sitting at a 90-degree angle, he noticed nothing unusual other than what seemed to be a harmless flirtation taking place between a wife and her husband.

Gerald of course saw much, much more. He looked in his wife's eyes and smirked. She had just let him in on her plan. She put the bowl of tacos on the table.

Gerald watched as wife stood up again, stepped across in front of him and then turned to face Ryan. She stooped to put the bowl of guacamole dip in front of him.

"Here are some more treats," she said smiling.

Gerald almost guffawed at Aiko's cheeky humour.

Ryan's jaw dropped. He had a clear view of Aiko's two female beauties dangling inside her blouse.

"I hope you're hungry," she said sweetly, pretending not to notice her partially open blouse.

Ryan barely heard. His eyes were glued to Aiko's adorable mounds. They were slightly smaller than his wife's breasts, firm, and were shaped like mangos whereas Nora's were rounder. But they certainly looked delicious. He wanted to put one of them in his mouth, to taste and savour it, and then sample the other one too. He wondered what it would feel like to draw his tongue across one of her beautiful nipples. He was even more enraptured when he saw the nipples harden.

His gaze felt like strokes, making her nipples stiffen. She stood still for a few seconds while holding the guacamole dip. She did want to distract him by making a movement. She knew what was going on in his mind. The man's obvious lustfulness turned her on. Her nipples stiffened.

Ryan gulped. He was almost mesmerized.

Finally Aiko put the guacamole dip on the coffee table. The sound broke Ryan's focus.

She stuck her finger in the dip and put it in her mouth. "Hmm, delicious," she said.

"Uh, yeah," he grunted, and then suddenly realized that the owner of those two lovely breasts was talking to him. He turned beet-red. "Oh, I'm so sorry," he blurted out. "I didn't mean to..."

But Aiko interrupted him. "Yes, you did," she said smiling. "Don't worry about it," she said gently. "The guacamole dip really is delicious, you know." She giggled.

Ryan blushed again because when he first heard the word 'delicious' it was the word that flashed through his mind when his eyes were filled with Aiko's tits.

Suddenly, he remembered Gerald. He turned to him and saw him laugh. He was relieved because for a split second he thought he was going to get a fist in his face.

"My fault," Aiko said as she buttoned up the second and third buttons. It was hot in the kitchen. I was just trying to keep cool."

"Yeah, right," Gerald snickered, "all you did was bring the heat to the living room."
