 I managed to ease my legs out from under Kelly without waking her. Although, Cody was still trapped by his sleeping wife. Rolling the woman onto her side, he managed to work his legs free.

"Let's let her sleep." I suggested, tossing a sheet over her. "I need to take a shower."

"I'll run down and put on some coffee, then I'll join you." Cody stated with a grin. "You wouldn't mind a little company, would you?

"Better make it quick." I replied with a laugh. "I may not wait on you."

Feeling the hot water spray over me, I stood motionless, enjoying the sensation. I thought about the events of last night, the seduction of Cody and Kelly Mitchell. I'd dominated the two, shouting orders and scaring the hell out of them. Through them, I'd worked out my frustrations without them being any the wiser. I felt better, sexually, physically and emotionally. 

"Hey! Gimme a little room!" Cody exclaimed, stepping into the shower with me.

"Kelly still sleeping?" I asked.

"Like a baby." Cody answered. "She's totally knocked out."

"I should confess something." I muttered, soaping up a washcloth. "I let myself get out of control. I was taking out my frustrations on you guys, Kelly more than you."

"Well...I can understand how you feel." Cody asserted, gently washing my chest. "Being without a job and going through a divorce would be difficult for anyone to deal with, especially at the same time."

"I'm glad you understand what I'm going through." I asserted. "Not many men would be so compassionate."

We finished showering after fondling each other and sharing several passionate kisses. Drying off, Cody gave me a terrycloth robe to wear. Tying the belt snuggly around my waist, I checked on Kelly before heading downstairs to the kitchen. She was still sleeping soundly, stretched out diagonally on the bed.

"So, what're your plans for the day?" Cody inquired, handing me a hot cup of coffee. "Going out riding?"

"I haven't really thought about it." I replied. "Maybe."

"I'd like you to spend the day with us." Cody asserted. "Speaking for Kelly, I know she'd like it too."

"Can't get enough of a good thing, huh?" I quipped with a snicker.

"That and...well...I'd like to discuss a business proposition with you." Cody confessed. 

"What kind of a business proposition?" I inquired, finding myself quite curious.

"A couple of years ago, I purchased a three-story building on the east side of Indy." Cody affirmed. "At one time it was a new car dealership, then a body and paint shop. When I bought it, it was a furniture store."

"Sounds like a fairly old building." I commented. "I'll bet it was full of asbestos."

"It sure was! That's how come I bought it so cheap." Cody said. "I've got a close friend in the asbestos removal business. I had him go through the entire building from top to bottom."

"So, it's empty now?" I assumed.

"Yeah, but not for long I hope." Cody replied.

"Kelly and I have talked about starting our own biker hangout." He divulged. "Similar to Ravagers, only a lot better."

"Hmmm. Do you really think the Indianapolis area could support two biker bars?" I inquired. "That might be pushing it a little."

"Ravagers will have to close down the last of October." Cody disclosed. "The owners of the property sold out to some industrial developers. The building's going to be demolished and used for fill."

"Woohoo! That's gonna be a big blow to Rick and Debbie!" I exclaimed, lighting up a cigarette. "They've put a lot into Ravagers."

"They're not happy about it but there's nothing they can do about it." Cody stated. "We've offered them the opportunity to come and work for us but they're kind of undecided right now."

"It'd be great to have them onboard." I asserted. "They've got experience, a good work ethic and most important, a great following."

"I know, I know." Cody agreed. "Rick's all for it. It's Debbie that's reluctant to come onboard."

"I was hoping you and Kelly could put this all together and make it happen." He added. "The two of you could probably change Debbie's mind."

"Kelly maybe, me no." I countered. "Debbie and I aren't on the best of terms. I blew a deal that cost her some money so she's pretty pissed at me."

"Well, we'll have to work on that." Cody surmised.

"Work on what?" Kelly inquired, joining us in the kitchen. "And why didn't you wake me up?"

"We thought we'd let you sleep." I replied. "You looked like you needed it."

"I was just telling Kaitlyn about our idea to open up a biker bar in that building we bought a few years back." Cody stated. "The one on East Washington Street."

"How about it Kaitlyn?" Kelly asked excitedly, grasping my hand. "Would you partner up with us?"

"Partner up?" I responded. "I'm not sure I'd be of much help let alone be a partner."

"Are you kidding?" Kelly questioned. "With your management background?"

"We need someone to manage the money and the remodeling and decorating." Cody asserted. "Kelly can do most of it but she can't handle it all."

"How much do you figure it's going to take to pull this off?" I inquired.

"Well...at least two-hundred grand, maybe a bit more." Cody replied, stammering. "That's just a rough guess."

"Without actually seeing what you've got to work with and not knowing exactly what you've got planned, I'm betting the costs could me higher, maybe double your estimate." I affirmed. 

"If we're going to do this, I want a first-class biker hangout, not some dump that people will lose interest in after a year or so." Kelly proclaimed. "I've got a lot of ideas, damn good ideas in my opinion."

"You know, it might be a good idea if we see what's attracting the bikers at the Sturgis Rally." I stated. "We could get a lot of ideas and build off that."

"WE!" Cody exclaimed. "Did I hear you say WE?"

"Does that mean you'll go partners with us?" Kelly asked, giving me a big hug. "And you'll go with us to Sturgis?"

"Sure...why not." I muttered. "I don't have anything else better to do with my time."

The three of us spent the day sitting around the livingroom in our robes, planning the trip to Sturgis and discussing Kelly's ideas for the biker bar. Late afternoon, Cody fixed steaks on the outdoor grille while Kelly and I prepared the other food in her gourmet kitchen.

"So...how'd you like fucking Cody last night?" Kelly asked, brushing up against me. "Was he all the man you'd thought he'd be?"

"He was great...quite a lover." I answered, curious as to why she asked. "Cody's all the man I'd ever need. You're lucky to have him."

"I wanna screw another guy...you know...just for a comparison." Kelly declared. "We talked about it but Cody's dead-set against it. I think he's worried I might leave him for someone else if I did."

"I hope you're not looking for me to say go ahead and do it without your husband knowing." I quickly stated. "Because I won't. That's a decision you'll have to make on your own."

"Actually, what you just said is exactly what I wanted to hear." Kelly avowed. "It leads me to believe you really care about both of us."

"You could have just asked me." I asserted, putting my arm around her. "I'd have told you I loved you both. I really mean it."

"We love you too." Kelly murmured, kissing me on the cheek. "And not just because of the great sex either."

Later that evening I returned to my apartment. Kelly and I had arranged to meet the next morning at the proposed site of their biker hangout. I didn't know what to expect but I was sure it was going to take a lot of time and work...and more money than what Cody had estimated.

Monday morning, I drove to the east side of town. The poured concrete building, originally built in the fifties wasn't as bad as I had expected. Situated on the corner of a busy intersection, the structure wasn't located in the best part of town but far from the worst. Surrounded by fast-food restaurants, a convenience store and several empty buildings, it still had potential.

Kelly showed me the ground level first, which had been designed to serve as a new car showroom. I could see it needed a lot of cleanup and repair. The rear of the building had two large wooden overhead doors that had once been the entrance to the service area. It was full of debris that would have to be hauled off. A large freight elevator, gated by wooden slats, offered access to the top floors. Not trusting it, Kelly and I accessed the stairway to the second floor. 

Large windows along two walls overlooked the streets. They were in need of replacement, far beyond repair. Other than two large restrooms and a storage room, the second level was completely open. I could envision quite a bit of work just getting the second level ready for remodeling. 

The third floor was unencumbered by trash and debris. It looked like it hadn't been used for decades. Cobwebs and heavy dust covered everything in sight. Looking up at the ceiling it looked dry. I took it as a good sign the structure was probably fairly solid.

"Well, whatta ya think?" Kelly inquired with a grin.

She was obviously hoping I'd give her a high opinion of the place. From what I'd seen, I wouldn't have a problem doing that. But there were other factors, hidden factors that needed to be considered.

"How's the wiring and the plumbing?" I asked. "What about the sprinkler system? Has it been inspected?"

"That old elevator won't pass a state inspection, not the condition it's in." I added. "And what condition is the roof in?"

"You don't like it, do you?" Kelly questioned, looking like a whipped pup.

"What say we call a refuse company and see if they'll spot a couple of open containers on the ground level for us?" I responded. "I know of a reliable cleaning service that's capable of getting the place cleaned up."

"It's a go, isn't it?" Kelly exclaimed, her excitement emanating in her voice.

"Yeah. Let's go forward with your plans." I responded. "We can get a good start by getting this place cleaned up before we leave for Sturgis."

"I'll call Cody and let him know the good news." Kelly asserted. "I know he'll be excited."

"Ask him if he's got the blueprints for the building." I stated. "And see if he's got the electrical and plumbing drawings. We'll need to look those over too."

Cody took time away from his work to set Kelly and me up with a construction trailer so we'd have a restroom and a clean place to work. Locating the trailer in the chain-link fenced in lot next to the building gave us the security we'd need. The only blueprints he had were the architect's originals. None from the numerous remodeling projects were available. It was a start, none the less. Kelly took care of acquiring the appropriate building permits while I reviewed the floorplans. 

I suggested we start by tearing out all the walls, starting with the top floor, that weren't load bearing. Getting the freight elevator in proper working condition would aid in getting the debris down to the ground level where it could be loaded into dumpsters.

By the end of the week, we could see progress being made but it seemed awfully slow. The impatience was showing on Kelly's face.

"We're never gonna get this place turned around by the first of November." She complained, looking quite dismayed.

"The first of November!" I exclaimed. "That's not a reasonable timeline! We're probably looking at sometime around early Spring!"

"Early Spring!" Kelly shouted. "Fuck! This is a bigger project than I thought it was gonna be!"

"If you wanna do it right, it's gonna take time." I avowed. "You said you wanted a first-class biker hangout so taking time to do it right is the only way to accomplish that."

"I guess you're right." Kelly muttered. "I'm just overanxious, I guess."

"Maybe, what you need is something to relax you a little." I suggested. "You seem a little keyed up."

"Oh yeah! Whatcha got in mind?" She asked with a sheepish grin on her face. "Something physical, I hope."

Rolling the blueprints up, I tossed them onto a nearby chair. The cleared table would be perfect for what I had in mind.

"Why don't you slip out of your clothes?" I proposed, unbuttoning my blouse. "Let's see what kind of trouble we can get into."

"Are you kiddin? Here?" Kelly replied. "What if someone walked in on us?"

"I'll lock the door...unless you'd rather I didn't." I responded, tossing my blouse on the desk.

Putting my hands to Kelly's slender waist, I pulled her to me. I kissed her softly on the lips in an attempt to put her fears at bay. Our lips meshed lightly then brushed back and forth, barely touching.

"God, I love kissing." Kelly murmured when our lips parted. "Especially kissing you."

"Why don't you slip out of you clothes while I take care of the door?" I suggested in a low, sexy voice. 

Kelly's fingers worked frantically, first removing her tank top, then her hiphugger jeans. I watched as she undressed, beguiled by her beautiful body.

"Aren't you gonna get naked?" She asked, noticing me staring at her.

"Not completely." I answered, unsnapping my dress slacks. "This is gonna be all about you."

"Whatta ya mean?" Kelly questioned, giving me a curious look.

Wearing just my bra and panties, I sauntered closer to the woman. My eyes slowly traveled from her face down to her feet. She was absolutely beautiful, much too beautiful not to be shared.

"Hop up on the table." I stated, patting the wooden surface with my hand.

Kelly lifted herself up onto the table, sitting with her legs dangling over the side. My hands parted her legs, positioning myself between them. I held her head gently, leaning in to kiss her pouty lips. Kelly's hands reached out, grasping my waist. The kiss was tender, gradually becoming very passionate. My tongue brushed lightly over her lips, then slithered into her mouth.

Kelly's hands squeezed my waist tighter, pulling my body into hers until her breasts pressed hard against my bra. A long, low moan emanated from her throat as I deliberately prolonged our kiss. Her butt squirmed against the wooden tabletop. I knew she was getting wet, wanting me to slide my tongue deep inside her wanton pussy. That wasn't about to happen. At least, not just yet.

My hands brushed gently over Kelly's shoulders and down her arms. Lifting them to cup her firm breasts, I kneaded them gently. Her nipples were already hard and erect from the air conditioner's cool air wafting over them. I kissed her right breast, brushing my lips lightly over the nipple. Kelly shuddered, her hands grasping for the edge of the table. She whispered my name over and over, her voice gradually trailing off. 

Moving my lips to her left breast, I nibbled lightly on the tender flesh. Kelly's fingers grasped the edge of the table harder until her fingers began to pale. Sucking the nipple between my lips, I flicked my tongue back and forth over the hardened nub.


"Ohhhhhhhh Goddddddddddddd, Kaitlyn." Kelly moaned, her eyes barely open.

Feeling her body quiver, I moved my attentions back to her right breasts, suckling hard on the nipple. My hand slipped between Kelly's legs, brushing over her sensitive clit. She came without warning, trembling and shaking. My fingers worked her clit, prolonging her gratification. She fell forward against me, her body losing most of its strength. Her breathing was labored, feeling her warm breaths against my neck. I put my arms around her, cradling her heated form.

"I didn't expect you to cum so quickly." I whispered in her ear.

"I had to." Kelly murmured. "I needed to."

I eased Kelly backwards until she was lying flat on her back. Her legs were still dangling over the edge. Lifting them, I placed the backs of her legs on my shoulders. Kelly's pussy was dripping with her juices. The folds of her pussy flowering, begging to be licked. Sliding my tongue around her vaginal entrance, I teased her pussy, deliberately taunting the woman's sexual desires. 

Kelly reached down, grabbing the back of my head, trying to guide my lips towards her pussy. I grasped her wrists, pulling her hands free. She pushed her hips down, offering her pussy to my lips. My tongue barely grazed the lips of her pussy but it got the reaction I wanted. She cried out, wanting more, pleading with me to slide my tongue inside her. A quick swirl with my tongue over the lips of her pussy had her bucking against my face. Repeatedly stabbing Kelly's pussy with my tongue, drove her closer to another orgasm. 

She was fighting me, trying to get her wrists free of my grasp. Her orgasm was building quickly from deep inside her body. Sucking her clit between my lips drove her over the edge. Her cum flowed from her pussy, dripping onto my chin. Her arms pulled free of my grasp, slamming down on the table. Grabbing her flailing legs, I held onto her to keep her from falling off the table. Her orgasm was mind-blowing, jolting her body as if she were electrically charged. Her mouth gaped open but she couldn't speak or cry out.

As quickly as Kelly's orgasm had erupted, it faded away, leaving her completely spent. I lowered her legs, letting them dangle off the table. Her breathing was labored, her breasts heaving with every gasp.

Hearing someone drive up, I looked out the window to see who it was. Cody was just getting out of his pickup, his toolbelt slung over his shoulder.

"Reinforcements!" I thought, smirking.

I unlocked the door to the trailer before grabbing up my slacks. The shocked look on Cody's face was one I'll soon not forget. His mouth dropped open like it was going to hit the floor. He stared at Kelly, still lying prone on the table. His eyes turned slowly towards me. He started to say something.

"I just warmed her up." I jested, interrupting him before he could speak. "What she needs now is a good, hard fucking."

Cody grinned, dropping his toolbelt to the floor with a thud. Kelly's eyes opened, gradually focusing on her husband as he unbuckled, then unzipped his faded bluejeans. Letting the denims fall around his ankles, he shoved his briefs down, exposing his rock-hard cock.

"Hi Lover." Kelly muttered with a welcoming smile, reaching out for him. 

I slipped into my blouse, working the buttons, watching Cody's cock effortlessly impale his wife. She cried out, begging him to fuck her hard and fast. Cody slammed his cock into her, jolting her body with each stroke. They looked like two wild animals in heat, fucking each other for all their worth.

After checking my appearance in the mirror, I sauntered over to them, still fucking each other like crazy. I kissed Cody full on the lips, then wiped the sweat off his forehead.

"Tell Kelly I'll see her in the morning." I stated with a grin. "That is...if she's able to walk."

Switching the lock on the door, I exited the construction trailer, leaving the couple to satisfy their animalistic desires. We may not have accomplished much work but we certainly relieved everyone's tensions.

The following day I found Kelly already hard at work when I arrived at the renovation site. With the Sturgis Rally less than a week away, we spent our time finalizing plans for the trip. Cody's father was loaning us his motorhome. Since Cody already had a cargo trailer available to haul the motorcycles, we seemed pretty well set. The plan was to leave early Friday morning. Driving straight through, we should be able to make the twelve-hundred mile trip in about twenty-four hours.

"We'll have to stop in Crawfordsville and pick up Cody's brother and his wife." Kelly commented. "It's on our way."

"Cody's not very happy about it but we couldn't very well say no to them." She added.

"Why's Cody not happy?" I inquired. "Doesn't he get along with his brother."

"It's not Cory he's unhappy with, they get along fine." Kelly replied. "It's that wife of his, Liz. She's a real bitch. She doesn't care about motorcycles or riding."
