 Cradled warmly in my arms, Liz drifted off to sleep within minutes. With Cory's wife finally tamed, I hoped I could do the same with her husband. I was tired of trading barbs with the smart-ass, fearing our differences would turn into an argument. We were here to enjoy the Sturgis Rally and gather information for Cody and Kelly's biker bar. An argument would only put a damper on the festivities.

Sunday morning, I awoke before anyone else. Slipping from beneath the covers, I headed for the bathroom. Liz was sleeping soundly, as she had throughout the night. It wasn't until I returned to the living area that I noticed Cory wasn't sleeping on the couch. Peering out the window, I saw him wiping the dust off his Harley-Davidson Softail. 

Picking up Liz's panties, I tossed them on the foot of the bed, then slipped into the t-shirt and jeans I'd worn the night before.

"Good Morning." I greeted Cory, cautiously approaching him.

"Morning." Cory grumbled, barely glancing up to look at me.

"Where we gonna ride to today?" I asked.

"I thought Liz and I would ride over to Mount Rushmore and then down to the Crazy Horse Monument." He answered. "Might be best if you and the others rode somewhere else."

"Ok! Let's have it out once and for all!" I exclaimed. "I'm getting tired of your shit, your innuendoes and most of all, your whole fuckin' attitude!"

"You eat with that mouth?" He chided, wiping his bike harder.

"Yes, I do." I responded. "And I kissed your wife with it too."

"You did what?" He exclaimed.

"You heard me." I boldly restated. "I kissed Liz yesterday and not just once either."

"Did you put your mouth anywhere else on her?" Cory asked, rising to a standing position.

"No. Not yet." I replied. "But I might if Liz wants me to."

"Cody never mentioned you were a lesbian." The young man stated. "I guess I should have asked."

"I'm not a lesbian." I contradicted, folding my arms across my chest. "Let's just say, my sexual preferences are...diversified."

"Just keep your lips and your hands off my wife!" Cory threatened. "I don't want Liz turning into a fucking dyke!"

"You're impossible." I affirmed. "I'm not wasting my time trying to deal with you."

Returning to the interior of the Winnebago, I found Cody and Kelly showering together. Liz was still sound asleep on the sleeper sofa.

"What was all the shouting about?" Cody inquired, stepping out of the shower. "Was my dear brother giving you a hard time?

"I was trying to reason with him but I was only wasting my time." I replied. "He's such a fuckin' ass!"

"I'll have a talk with him." Cody stated. "I'll set him straight once and for all."

"No. Don't bother." I countered, handing Kelly a towel. "You'd only be wasting your time."

"I'm not going to let him ruin this trip." Cody avowed. "I'll set him straight or I'll send him packing."

"Maybe it's me that should be leaving." I suggested. "I'm a little bummed out over this whole ordeal."

"No way!" Kelly bellowed. "If anybody's leaving, it's gonna be Cory!"

"Nobody's leaving!" Liz shouted, wrapping the blanket around herself. "I'll talk with Cory. He's my husband, he's my responsibility."

Liz quickly dressed, then ran out to confront her husband. It was quickly apparent to everyone that she wasn't having any better luck than I had. Getting on his bike, he stormed off through the campgrounds.

"He's going home." Liz divulged, stepping back into the motorhome. "He won't be coming back."

Hearing the news, I felt worse than if Cory and I had continued our dispute. I was dismayed, feeling I'd ruined the trip for everyone.

"Let grab some breakfast and then head out." Cody proposed. "They've got an all-you-can-eat breakfast at the Full Throttle Saloon."

I didn't feel much like riding but I didn't want to dampen the festivities anymore than what I already had. Everyone dressed in their riding leathers, then it was off for a good breakfast. Cody suggested we ride over into Wyoming and see the Devil's Tower. It was a good long ride that would take most of the day. Hopefully, it would also take our minds off the events from earlier in the morning.

While Cody, Kelly and Liz seemed to have gotten over the confrontation with Cory, I couldn't get it out of my mind. When I wasn't concentrating on the road ahead, my mind would drift back, remembering Cory's every word. We stopped along the way at the Stone House Saloon, an old abandoned stone farmhouse that had been turned into a makeshift bar and outdoor grille. 

"Get over it Kaitlyn." Kelly asserted when the two of us were away from the others. "That bastard's not worth getting upset about."

"I feel bad for Liz." I muttered. "I've ruined things for her."

"Liz seems to be taking it pretty well if you ask me." Kelly asserted. "I noticed her flirting with several guys that rode up alongside you guys."

"You think Cory's actually on his way back to Indiana?" I questioned. "He didn't pack anything."

"Cory's headstrong." Kelly confirmed. "He'd ride back naked just to prove a point."

After drinking hot coffee to warm us up, the four of us continued on. We stopped in Hill City to look around and do some shopping but my enthusiasm hadn't changed much. It took a lot of effort for me to act like I was enjoying myself. Cody sensed it, pulling me off to the side.

"We've driven twelve-hundred miles to get to this rally." He stated. "I wanna see a smile on your face and I wanna see it there every time I look at you."

Riding on, we stopped at a quaint little town called Hulett in eastern Wyoming. Like most of the small towns we'd passed through, they were prepped and ready for all the motorcycling enthusiasts. Vendors lined both sides of the main street, selling everything imaginable.

Liz and Kelly wanted to look at chaps and vests. Cody was more interested in grabbing a cold soft drink to quench his thirst. The two of us bought some lemonade and sat down on one of the park benches. Streams of riders passed by, riding just about every make of bike made.

"You're not smiling." Cody jested, putting his arm around me. "You want me to kick that cute little butt of yours?"

"I'm trying." I muttered. "Just give me time to work on it."

We sat on the bench for almost an hour waiting for Kelly and Liz to return. When they finally showed up, they were laden with packages.

"Holy Shit!" Cody exclaimed. "Hope you gals figured out how we're gonna pack all that stuff on two bikes!"

"We just couldn't resist all these bargains!" Liz insisted, grinning. "Besides they're not all for us."

Utilizing the fiberglass saddlebags on Cody's Road King and the leather bags on my Screamin' Eagle, we managed to stow everything away with a little room to spare.

"I bought you a white leather outfit." Liz stated, climbing on the bike behind me. "You're gonna love it."

"Why'd you do a thing like that." I asked.

"Because I wanted to and...well, because I wanted to let you know how much I think of you." She stammered, giving my waist a squeeze with both hands. "Let's just leave it at that. Ok?"

"You're not mad about what happened this morning?" I questioned. 

"Nope. Not a bit." Liz responded with a sincere smile. "I don't miss Cory at all. He can be such an ass at times."

I breathed a deep sigh of relief before starting my Fat Boy. I felt better, much, much better knowing Liz was happy.

Devil's Tower was awesome. It seemed to rise eerily out of the ground. Up close it looked surreal. From a distance it looked beyond belief. We spent a couple of hours at the monument before riding back towards Sturgis.

At a little town called Aladdin, Wyoming, we stopped for a cold beer and buffalo strips. Savoring the taste of buffalo for the first time, we ate like we were starved. We visited a few of the vendors set up along the busy two-lane highway, purchasing several Rally t-shirts.

It was early evening when we rode into the campgrounds. I half expected to see Cory's Softail parked next to the motorhome but it wasn't. Needless to say, it was a big relief. The four of us sat around the motorhome relaxing and catnapping. 

Liz couldn't wait to show me the white leather outfit she'd bought me. I was dumbfounded when I saw it. White chaps with fringe, a matching fringe vest and white leather jacket made up the ensemble. It had to have costs a fortune!

"What's on the agenda for this evening?" Kelly inquired. "Or does everyone wanna just lay back and relax?"

"Thought you girls were gonna get tattoos while we're here." Cody commented. "Is that still a go?"

"Yeah. Sure. Why not?" I responded. "I'm game if anyone else is."

"I will if you guys are gonna get one." Liz chimed in.

Back on the bikes, the four of us rode into Sturgis. Following a group of bikers in front of us we found it quicker to ride down Main Street rather than Lazelle. Finding a place to park was another story though. We finally found a well-lit parking lot that offered security.

I had an idea of what I wanted for a tattoo but I was worried about how much pain I'd have to go through to get it. After walking around for awhile we entered a busy tattoo shop appropriately named "TATT2S" on Second Street. The walls were decorated with so many different designs it was difficult to pick one.

"What'll it be ladies?" A short, stocky woman in her late forties asked. "We've got a special going on. Get two tattoos and the second one is half price."

"Two!" I exclaimed, laughing. "I don't know if I could take that much pain!"

"Ahhhh. It's not all that bad." The woman declared, grinning. 

"How about a barbwire tattoo, something ornate but not too awfully big?" I asked. "I'm thinking of one for my left ankle."

The woman pulled out a binder with nothing but barbwire tattoos in it. The three of us crowded around the book, flipping through the pages. 

"You might want to consider the size of the tattoo." The stocky woman suggested. "I don't think you'll want one too small or it'll be hard to see. One too big is gonna look gaudy, especially for a lady."

I found one that I really liked. So did Kelly and Liz. 

"Would you like to see how it would look on your ankle?" The woman inquired, pulling out a band with the design on it.

Slipping off my boot, I put my foot up on a stool so the woman could wrap the band around my ankle.

"I like it." Liz stated. "I'm goin' for that one myself.

"Make it three." Kelly spoke up. "We'll all match."

After signing the appropriate forms and paying in advance we were led into the studio. Two of the four tattoo artists were busy working on other customers. I was anxious to get it over with so I volunteered to go first. Kelly took a little coaxing but she finally sat in one of the chairs. 

After applying alcohol, then the transfer design to my left ankle I watched the guy, a young man in his early twenties with spiked hair, load up the ink pen. Wearing surgical gloves, he positioned himself at my ankle.

"Oh God!" I thought. "What the hell am I doing?"

Looking over at Liz, I saw her hiding her laughter with her hand. The instant the needle pricked my skin I damn near jumped out of the chair. I gripped the arms of the chair till my fingers hurt. Gradually, I got accustomed to the needle but it still hurt. 

"Gonna go for the special?" The young guy asked. "Something for your tit or maybe your butt?"

"I doubt it." I managed to say in response. "I'll be lucky to survive this ordeal."

Looking over at Kelly, I saw she was reading a magazine on tattoos. She seemed calm and very relaxed. 

"I'm goin' for that small Harley emblem." She proclaimed, pointing to the design on the wall over one of the tables. "I'm gonna have it put on my butt."

Liz's turn finally came when one of the tables opened up. Hopping up on the elevated platform, she laid down on her stomach. Unsnapping her jeans, she shoved them down a few inches along with her black nylon panties.

"I'm going for a scroll design at the small of my back." She stated, before we could ask. "It'll look great with the barbwire tattoo.

With my attentions drawn to the tattoo artist working on Liz I almost forgot about my ankle. She winced a few times at the beginning, then relaxed and really got into it. Still, I wasn't about to consider getting a second tattoo. I wasn't that sold on pain.

When the guy finished with my barbwire tattoo, he applied some antiseptic to the skin. I damn near peed myself from the stinging sensation. My ankle was slightly red but barely swollen. Looking at the tattoo in the mirror, I realized it was worth it. It looked fantastic!

I wanted to see how Liz's scroll tattoo was coming along. More importantly, I wanted to see how she was handling the needle pricks. The design she had selected looked great. The artist was applying it at a rapid pace. 

"Does it hurt much?" I asked.

"Some." Liz answered. "I got used to the needle after a few minutes though."

I passed on the second tattoo offer. Kelly decided against getting the Harley-Davidson emblem, opting for the same scroll design as Liz was getting.

Leaving the two girls at the tattoo shop, Cody and I walked up the street to one of the bars. The Broken Spoke had live bands and strong mixed drinks. I needed both to help me forget the discomfort my ankle was putting me through.

"What's on tap for tomorrow?" I asked Cody. 

"Thought we might ride down to Mount Rushmore and then on over to the Crazy Horse monument. I overhead someone talking outside the tattoo place about it being quite a scenic ride."

"There's so much to see and do here, we'll never get through it all." I remarked. "There's just not enough time."

"That's why people keep coming back year after year." Cody stated with a big grin. "Once you've seen everything, you start all over again."

After regrouping later that evening, the four of us hit one of the food vendors. There was every kind of food imaginable being served at the rally but the Philly Steaks looked too appetizing to pass up. Cold beer and good food, we were in heaven! 

Cody was especially happy, having three women making over him. I saw a few guys giving him the thumbs-up like he was escorting his own personal harem. We hammed it up for him, just to boost his ego. He was enjoying the attention and the grins from the other bikers.

It was almost 1:00am when we rode back to the campground. All I wanted was a few aspirin and a good night's sleep. Lightning and thunder, off in the distance, encouraged us to put the bikes in the cargo trailer for the night. I grabbed a quick shower and then Liz took one. Cody was bushed, stretching out on the couch to watch television.

The three of us girls sat down at the dinette, rehashing what we'd seen so far. Kelly jotted down notes as they came to mind. I suggested live music instead of a DJ for at least one of the weekend nights. Kelly proposed having a food vendor or possibly two provide a variety of eats. Liz thought setting up a really good tattoo artist, who would be willing to work the weekends, would fit in well at a biker hangout. The list grew as ideas popped into our heads.

"I'm gonna grab a quick shower." Cody announced, walking towards the rear of the motorhome. "Afterwards, I'll be ready for a good screw."

"Was that a warning or a news bulletin?" Kelly jested with a laugh.

"I think it was a hint for us to draw straws." I quipped. "Short straw gets left out."

"He's wasn't serious, was he?" Liz asked.

"Maybe the three of us oughta turn the tables on him." I suggested, keeping my voice down. "We could wear his ass down to nothing."

"Not me!" Liz immediately responded. "He's my...I'm...his sister-in-law."

"Even better." I countered. "What better way to get back at Cory."

"I couldn't!" Liz argued. "Kaitlyn, you...you fuck him!"

"We'll all fuck him!" I proclaimed, taking off my robe and tossing it on the couch.

"C'mon Liz. You need a good fucking and Cody's the man who can give it to ya." I added, pulling her arm.

"Ok. But you've got to promise me that none of you will ever tell Cory." Liz insisted.

Liz slipped off her robe, leaving it on the dinette table. Wearing just our panties, the two of us rushed into the bedroom to get the bed prepped for Cody's surprise. Kelly waited outside to guide her husband to us before he noticed we were missing.

Liz was growing nervous about going through with our plan. Lying on the bed, I pulled her into my arms and started kissing her softly on the lips. She reacted, kissing me back and pulling me tight against her. My fingers toyed with her sensitive nipples, teasing them till they grew hard. 

Sliding my tongue between her lips, I probed her mouth, flicking wildly at her tongue. Liz's breathing grew labored. My hand glided gently down over Liz's tummy, slipping inside her bikini-cut panties. I lightly rubbed over her pubic mound, afraid if I went further she might cum.

The bedroom door opened and Cody stepped in with Kelly right behind him. She yanked off the towel he was covering himself with. Seeing Liz and I together, his cock grew erect, protruding proudly from his groin.

"Well...you just gonna stand there!" Kelly laughed. "You've got three women to take care! Better get to it!"

"Fucking unbelievable!" Cody exclaimed with a big grin. 

Kelly dropped her robe to the floor, exposing her beautiful body. She was completely naked, her eyes filled with lust. 

I slid my hand down further into Liz's panties. They were already soaked with her juices. Cody reached for them, pulling them quickly down her legs. Tossing them to the head of the bed, he positioned himself between her legs.

"Get her good and ready!" Cody commanded. "Lick her pussy till she begs to be fucked!"

I was quite surprised at Cody's demeanor. I'd never seen his dominate side before. Spreading Liz's legs, I licked up and down the redhead's pussy. Her fingers tangled in my hair, forcing my mouth into her. Liz ground her pussy into my face, covering me with her flowing juices.

"Lick it!" She screamed. "Make me cum!

Slithering my tongue inside her, I swabbed the pink walls of her pussy. Her hips were bucking wildly, making my breathing difficult.

"That's enough!" Cody declared, pulling me back. "What she needs is a dick, not your tongue!"

Cody grabbed Liz's legs, spreading them far apart. His cock, oozing pre-cum, roughly penetrated the woman in one quick stroke.

"OH GODDDDDD!" Liz screamed out, grasping wildly for Cody's arms.

Cody slammed his cock into Liz numerous times before pulling all the way out. His cock was glistening with her juices. Liz tried to break free but Cody's grip on her legs was too harsh.

"I always wanted to do that!" He proclaimed, displaying a sinister grin. "I wanted to bitch-fuck Liz till she screamed."

"CODY....NO!" Liz begged. "Oh God...don't."

Cody leaned over the woman, still holding her legs apart. Putting his face closer to hers, he kissed her passionately, at the same time impaling her with his cock. Liz's fingernails dug into Cody's muscular arms, which spurred him on. He fucked her slowly and gently, getting Liz to fuck him back. Their tempo increased until their bodies slammed hard against each other's. 

Liz's pending orgasm shown in her face. Her eyes widened and her mouth gaped open. Liz clenched her teeth, growling like a mad dog. Cody jackhammered his hard cock into her, shaking the entire bed.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DAMNNNNNNNNN!" Liz cried out as the orgasm consumed her. 

Her fingernails raked Cody's arms, drawing blood. She thrashed free of his grip, almost kicking him in the face. Cody regained control of the woman, forcing her back down on the bed.

"God Damn!" Cody exclaimed between deep gasps. "She's one wild-ass fuck!"

Liz lay still, panting hard for air, her nipples protruding from her small breasts.
