 Waking later that morning, I grabbed a quick shower before heading home. The sky was overcast but didn't appear to be threatening rain. The ride home was refreshing, cruising along with the flow of traffic. I wasn't in any hurry, knowing full Gary probably wouldn't be home. I hated being home alone. The house we shared was much too big for just two people but I'd pretty much ruled out ever having any children. At thirty-two years of age, I felt my timeline for bearing children had reached its closing stages.

Passing by Zachary's parents' home, I caught a glimpse of the young man standing in the driveway. He was leaning against a small import convertible driven by a girl about his age. Surprisingly, he looked up from the girl to wave at me as I rumbled by. I hoped he wouldn't show up unexpectedly again. The last thing I needed to have to deal with was some love-struck eighteen year old. Dealing with Gary and wondering what our extensive talk was going to be about was utmost on my mind.

I didn't have to wonder for long. I'd barely finished doing the laundry and straightening up the house when I heard the electric garage door opener being activated. Gary's Land Rover slowly eased into the open bay next to my Mercedes. Hearing voices, I realized he wasn't alone. I was standing in the kitchen, pouring myself a glass of iced tea when the two men entered through the garage.

Gary barely glanced my way as he and the other guy, an older man somewhere in his early forties, passed through. Neither of them spoke to me. I heard the two of them mumbling as they ascended the stairs to the second floor. I wasn't about to follow them to see what they were up to. I didn't want them to think I was the least bit curious as to what they were doing.

Sitting out on the patio, I scanned through the latest issue of a motorcycling magazine. Almost an hour passed before Gary and his friend came downstairs. I heard the door to the garage open but didn't hear it shut. A few minutes later, the two waltzed out onto the patio.

"Kaitlyn, I'd like you to meet Gerald." Gary spoke, his voice cracking nervously. 

I extended my hand to shake Gerald's but he took a step back, giving me an ominous glare. Seeing him up close, he looked older than I originally thought. Gerald could be in his early fifties, maybe older. His receding hairline and the age wrinkles around his eyes were definitely that of an older man. He was medium height and slender build, someone you wouldn't look at twice in a room full of people. 

"I think...I think it's time we talked...about us." Gary stammered.

"Us as in you and I or us as in you and your lover?" I questioned, realizing what was going on.

"Gerald and I are...well...we're close." Gary stuttered, looking to his companion for support.

"For Christ's sake, Gary! Be a fucking man for a change!" Gerald exclaimed, showing his ire at having to listen to Gary's whimpering manner.

"Yeah Gary, be a fucking man for a change." I reiterated, tossing the magazine onto the patio table. "Or is being the man in your relationship your friend's job?"

"Let's not get sarcastic." Gary asserted. "We can discuss this without being coy and cynical."

"What I wanna know is how much this house is worth?" Gerald chimed in. "What'll it bring on the present market? I'm thinking a quick sale so Gary can get his money and the two of us can be on our way to California."

"The house would probably bring three point two million in a quick sale." I replied. "It was appraised last fall for three point six."

"Split down the middle that's one point six million for each of you." Gerald affirmed, grinning like he'd just struck gold.

"That's zip!" I countered, trying my best to keep from jumping up and kicking the man's balls up to his throat.

"This house doesn't belong to me nor does it belong to Gary." I declared. "It's the sole property of the Regency Investment Group."

The shocked look on Gerald's face was one I'll never forget. He grew pale, almost as if he was going to faint. The look on Gary's face wasn't quite as stunned.

"The two of us have been living here at no cost." I added. "We don't even have to pay the taxes or the insurance. It's one of the perks of my job."

"If it's money you're interested in and I'm sure that's what you're after, you may wanna have a seat." I suggested, pointing to one of the patio chairs. "I'd hate to see you fall down when you discover just what's Gary's net worth really is.

I half expected Gerald to run but he didn't. Instead the two men sat down across from me.

"First off, Gary and I have a joint savings account with about thirty-eight grand in it." I stated in a matter of fact tone of voice. "At half, that's about nineteen thousand he can lay his hands on."

Gerald was about to say something but I wasn't going to let him interrupt me.

"Gary has a savings account at the credit union but I doubt if there's much money in it." I affirmed. "Less than ten thousand, if that."

"The Land Rover's in Gary and Gary's name only." I proclaimed. "That, his clothes and golf clubs are his only assets."

"What about stocks, bonds, CD's, real estate?" Gerald inquired, rising to his feet.

"Zip, zip, zip and zip." I responded. "Gary's never invested a dime in anything worthwhile. He's spent his entire income on cars, clothes and jewelry, golfing junkets and electronic crap."

"Money's not important!" Gary spoke up, looking at his companion. "What's important is our relationship. It's much too special to let money come between our love for each other."

I almost puked hearing Gary's words. It was sickening. Worse for Gary, Gerald wasn't buying any of it.

"We'll sue, that's what we'll do!" Gerald threatened, slamming his fist on the glass-topped table. "We'll ask for five-hundred thousand dollars, not a penny less!"

"You don't stand a chance of getting a fuckin' dime." I contradicted. "I'll drag a divorce settlement through the courts for so long; you'll be drawing social security before it's finalized. And even then, you won't get a dime. I can guarantee that."

"Let's go Gerald." Gary pleaded, grabbing Gerald's wrist. "We won't settle anything by arguing with her. We'll get us a good attorney."

"Fuck you Gary!" Gerald shouted, jerking from his grasp. "You're nothing but a fucking twink! You're not the man I thought you were!"

Gerald got to his feet, kicked Gary in the shins and sprinted off across the yard. Gary's eyes welled with tears but he fought letting them stream down his sullen face.

"Well, looks like the old adage, money talks and bullshit walks isn't far off." I smarted off. 

"And as for you, I'll expect you out of this house and out of my life by the end of the day." I stated in a threatening tone. 

"My attorney will contact your mother about arranging a meeting to discuss a divorce settlement." I stated. "I'll make one offer, a cash settlement. I'd advise you both to take it without hesitation."

With that said, I walked back into the house. A flood of emotions was going through my mind, anger being the most prominent with disgust running a close second. I felt I'd failed Gary as a wife and a lover. I blamed myself for his turn in sexual preference. Still, I wasn't going to offer him a generous settlement in an effort to ease my guilt. 

By 10:30 that evening, Gary had packed all his clothes in his Land Rover and left. His golf clubs and other household items he'd have to return for. The house felt eerily empty, more so now than ever before. What my next move would be, I wasn't sure. Getting a good night's sleep was what I needed but it wasn't going to happen.

Arriving at work the next morning, I cut my usual morning conversation with Evelyn quite short, not much more than "Good Morning". Evelyn sensed something was wrong but she valued our friendship way too much to ask if anything was wrong.

Stepping off the elevator on the fourth floor I proceeded directly to my office, bypassing the coffee bar. Heather was sitting at her desk, practically staring at Trey's crotch. He was sitting on the corner of her desk, flirting with her like some teenager. I quickly strode past them both, not returning their morning greetings. Kicking my office door shut with my foot, I walked directly to my desk, dropping my purse and attaché next to my chair.

"Are you alright?" Heather inquired, barging into my office.

"Get out!" I screamed, not bothering to look her way. "And shut the fucking door!"

A few minutes later, my father barged into the office, slamming the door shut. He found me standing at the windows, looking out at the traffic on the interstate.

"Heather called me, said you were acting like a crazy woman." My father asserted. "Said you screamed at her."

"I'm alright." I grumbled, turning around to face him. "I just need to be left alone for awhile."

I hoped he'd leave me alone but he wasn't going to. Taking a seat in one of the chair across from my desk, he waited for me to say something. He kept staring at me, trying to break me down.

"Kaitlyn, I'm not leaving until you tell me what's the matter." He avowed.

"Nothing...nothing's the matter." I stammered, stumbling towards my desk. "Go back to your office...please."

"Not until you tell me what's eating you." My father insisted. "It's got to be something serious. I've never seen you this upset."

"It's...it's Gary." I stuttered. "He's...he's found someone else...someone he'd rather be with."

"Oh Geez!" My father exclaimed. "Well, you're going to have to get him back! That's all there is to it."

"Get him back! No fucking way!" I bellowed. "I kill the son-of-a-bitch before I'd even consider such a thing!"

"A divorce is totally out of the question." Dad insisted. "You have to remain married."

"Have to remain married!" I roared. "What the hell do you mean, I have to remain married?"

"It's not good for the firm, having a divorced...having a single woman in the vice-president's position." My father proclaimed. "It doesn't present the Regency Investment Group as a very stable organization."

"Well fuck the Goddamn organization and how it presents itself to its investors!" I screamed. "If that's all you give a damn about, I'll remedy that situation right now!"

"Kaitlyn, that's not what I meant...not exactly." Dad stammered, trying to grab my arms.

"Don't touch me!" I yelled, backing away from him. "Don't ever try to touch me."

My father froze in his footsteps, not knowing what I might do. 

"Effective immediately...I resign my position." I declared. "Take this job and shove it up your ass!"

"Kaitlyn! No!" Dad exclaimed, cautiously approaching me. "Don't be a damn fool!"

"Good-bye Dad." I muttered, picking up my purse and attaché. "I hope your precious investors will rest easy knowing you fucked over your daughter for their sake."

Leaving the Regency Building, I didn't look back nor did I say anything to anyone on my way out. All I wanted to do was reach out and strike someone, anyone. I was out of control and I knew it. For everyone's sake, I just needed to be left alone until I regained my senses.

Two weeks later, I'd moved out of the house on Geist Reservoir and into a studio apartment on the city's north side. Taking a short term lease, it would give me time to find another home. All of my investments I liquidated into cash. The Harley was in a storage unit along with my furniture and personal belongings I didn't readily need.

Friday evening I rode out to Ravagers, north of Clarksville. This time, the black gentleman at the gate waved me on through. There looked to be twice as many bikes parked alongside the building as there had been the previous Saturday night. Entering the bar, I found it packed with people. The classic rock music was barely audible with all the conversations, shouting and cheering. I worked my way through the crowd towards the bar. Rick was working frantically to keep up with the beer orders.

"Where the hell have you been?" He shouted, seeing me approaching. "Debbie's been trying to get a hold of you!"

"You need some help back there?" I asked, ignoring his question.

"Damn right I need help!" Rick answered. "Get your sweet ass back here."

Two guys, neither of which I got a very good look at, lifted me up onto the bar so I could swing my legs over and get to the other side. The three of us worked frantically for almost an hour trying to get everyone served. Debbie looked like she was about to collapse from exhaustion but she managed to give me a smile and a hug.

"Where've you been?" She inquired. "I've been calling your cell phone twice a day for the past couple of weeks."

"Oh, I haven't had it on." I replied. "I've been purposely avoiding everybody, trying to keep to myself."

"Why? What's the matter?" Debbie asked. "You in some kinda trouble?"

"No. Just...well...just changing my life around." I answered. "I don't know of any other way to put it."

"Your husband find out about you fucking around on him?" She questioned.

"Actually, I found out he was fucking around on me...with another guy." I replied. "He's fucking gay.

"Hah! That's a kick in the head!" Debbie laughed. "No wonder he wouldn't sleep with you."

"Hey! I'll sleep with you!" A guy shouted from the other side of the bar.

I gave him a smile and a beer to appease him and shut him up. Sex was the last thing I had on my mind but it was utmost on Debbie's.

"What're you wearing under your jacket?" She asked. "A sexy bra I bet."

"I'm not in the mood to show off my boobs tonight." I responded. "Maybe later on when I get good and drunk."

"Well, let's get started." Debbie jested, handing me a double Scotch. "Who knows? We may get to see you naked before the night's over."

For the next couple of hours, I nursed one double Scotch after another, fending off passes and pick-up lines from several club members. Getting out from behind the bar, I danced with a few guys, snuggling close during the slow dances. The alcohol and having a man hold me close while we danced helped me get over the anguish I was putting myself through.

By 11:00pm several female club members were dancing topless, wearing just their panties or thongs. Others were flashing their boobs at anyone who wanted to see them. The male members were cheering them on, increasing the already elevated noise level. By 1:00am, things had quieted down considerably. Most of the bikers were kicking back, the effects of the alcohol putting them in a somber mood. The DJ cranked the volume down on the music, playing slow songs that seemed to fit in with the atmosphere.

"I'm gonna head out." I told Rick. "Tell Debbie I'll give her a call in a week or two."

"Headin' out? A week or two?" Rick questioned. "What the hell's that mean?"

"It means just what I said." I replied.

"You fuckin' disappear and now you're cuttin' out again!" Rick exclaimed. "I thought you liked being with our crowd?"

"I do. I do. It's just that I've got other things I need to take care of, that's all." I muttered in defense.

Rick wasn't buying my excuse but he wasn't about to press me for details either. Riding home that night, I wasn't sure if I'd ever return to Ravagers. 

A week passed, then two, then an entire month. I barely rode my Screamin' Eagle. When I did, it wasn't out to the biker bar. I didn't feel very festive, let alone mingling with any fellow bikers.

My attorney and I met with Gary's divorce attorney and Gary's mother. My soon-to-be ex-husband didn't have the balls to show up. Not that I was surprised. Dealing with Gary's mother, who repeatedly defended her son's actions, she blamed everything on me. The term "Bitch" got at least one mention in every statement exchanged between the two of us. Our attorneys tried to maintain a sense of order but it was futile. 

The meeting lasted until everyone was too tired to argue. The only agreement we reached was to fight it out in court. I threatened to come out swinging, divulging to the judge everything about Gary's homosexual preference. Fifty thousand would buy my silence, but not a penny more. Certainly not the five-hundred thousand Gary's mother insisted on. I'd kill the bastard before I'd give him that much.

Returning to my apartment, I was still upset about the meeting. Running into my father, sitting in his car in front of my apartment, only added fuel to the fire.

"I've been sitting here for over an hour." My father complained. "I was just about to leave a note on your door and return to the office."

"You don't need to bother leaving any notes." I avowed, unlocking my apartment door. "We don't have a thing to communicate about."

"I think we do." Dad contradicted. "In fact, I'm sure we do."

"If it's about my coming back to Regency Investments, you can forget it." I affirmed. "It's never gonna happen so you can just save your breath."

"Kaitlyn, just listen to me for..." My father argued before I slammed the door in his face.

After rapping on the door several times, he finally gave up and left. My whole world felt like it was collapsing down around me. If I let it happen, I'd never dig my way out. What I needed was something exciting; something risqué, to get me on top of things. Spending a Friday night at Ravagers seemed like a good place to get things going.

The ride out to Clarksville was a little chilly that evening. Clad in a black wet-look bikini, black leather chaps and vest, and high-heels, I got strange but approving looks from passing motorists.

"At thirty-two I've still got it!" I thought, riding along the two-lane road. "I'll just have to see who wants it!"

Arriving at the biker bar, I decided to ride up the makeshift ramp and park just inside the open overhead doors. My actions drew quite a bit of attention...or...maybe it was my attire that turned so many heads. Parking next to a gorgeous, custom-built chopper, I climbed off my bike.

Seeing Debbie behind the bar, I gave her a wave but she didn't return my gesture. Instead, she gave me a look as if she wasn't all that pleased to see me. Rick was working the opposite end of the bar so I decided to head his way. His pleasant smile quickly eased my apprehensions about being there.

"So, what's up?" I asked.

"Nothing much." Rick answered, glancing down the bar towards his wife. "You might wanna steer clear of Debbie though."

"Why?" I questioned. "What's up with her?"

"Did you forget about the Cunningham brothers, St. Louis, your promise to do some videos and photo shoots?" He replied.

"What's that gotta do with Debbie?" I inquired.

"Warren promised Deb she could pose for some of the posters." Rick responded, raising his voice. "He promised her big money if she'd show off her tits."

"Well, I'm sorry." I muttered. "I didn't know."

"They've probably got somebody else by now." Rick surmised, sounding agitated. "They tried getting hold of you but they didn't have any better luck than Debbie did."

"Can I buy you a drink Miss?" A male voice asked from behind me.

I turned to see who it was. It wasn't anyone I recognized but I wasn't about to brush him off with a "No, thank you" either. The guy who'd offered to buy me a drink was about thirty or so and close to six foot tall with thick black hair and a very pleasant smile. His broad shoulders, athletic build and clean-shaven face captivated my attention.

"I'm not sure if I'll be staying long enough for a drink." I replied to his offer.

"She's staying." Rick chimed in from behind the bar. "I'll get her a double scotch. Just don't let her get away."

"My wife and I couldn't help but notice you when you rode in." The guy affirmed. "We couldn't decide which to look at first, you or your bike."

"Fuck, he's got a wife!" I thought, trying to muster up a smile.

"I'm sure the bike won out." I quipped. 

"I wouldn't bet money on it." The handsome gentleman countered.
