 A month ago Jennifer had called her very excitedly about becoming an Ann Summers rep. "Oh go on you have to have a party, you could be my first?" Feeling as though she couldn't say no and be supportive of her friend she agreed to it.

She had to admit she was looking forward to it, gathering all her pals, letting her hair down and just having some girlie fun.

Finally the evening arrived and the house started to swell with the laughter and cackles of women. The wine flowed and the toys came out. "Where is he then?" one of the women asked, laughing, as she looked behind the door of the lounge "I felt sure he would be lurking around here somewhere!?"

"Strictly no men policy tonight, he's down the pub!" She replied with a grin and a wink. He was sulking slightly that he had to be banished from the house but had been promised a good time when he came back.

The room soon became the hub of swapping sex stories, some disastrous, some sordid, some romantic but all entertaining. She couldn't quite believe some of the things she was hearing, but added a few jaw dropping experiences of her own in to the mix.

The party got going and the toys were passed around the room shadowed by giggles. There were so many toys to choose from, all of them promising so much pleasure. She found herself getting more and more turned on with each toy she had in her hands.

"Let's play a game!" Jennifer called out. There was a resounding cheer in the room. Before she could blink there were three of her friends sat on the sofa with a banana clenched between their thighs. Three more of her friends were now on their knees, blindfolded, hands tied behind their backs being instructed that the fastest person to put a condom on the banana using only their mouth and tongue would win a prize. Shrieks of laughter followed. 

All too soon there was a winner. They toasted the precision of the winner who did admit she had done it before. "On a banana?" Someone shouted. "No on my husband's cock!" She replied with a laugh that would make a cavalier blush. 

'Ok ladies let's talk lingerie,' Jennifer shouted above the growing noise of drinking women. "Would anyone like to try something on?" Hands shot up like children in a classroom.

Several ladies took themselves off upstairs to the bedroom to try on some of the lingerie and dressing up costumes, the shrieks and giggles echoed down the staircase and into the lounge. 

As her friends paraded through her lounge wearing next to nothing, showing off their amazing bodies, and not caring about it she felt herself getting sticky inside her jeans. 

After everyone had their own clothes back on the room was surprisingly quiet. All of the ladies were flicking through the catalogues and filling out order forms. She gestured to Jennifer, to come out into the kitchen. "How do you think it went?" She asked her friend as she poured another glass of wine. "I loved every second of it!" Jennifer replied with a twinkle in her eyes "I think I have found my vocation." 

When the last friend had stumbled out the front door they both sat on the sofa and laughed at how successful the evening was. "Can I stay?" Jennifer asked. She paused for a second then said, "Of course." Trying not to sound disappointed. She knew he would be back later and was looking forward to have him pound her hard. 

They opened another bottle of wine and added up how much money had exchanged hands this evening. She picked up one of the vibrators and switched it on. Instantly feeling a reaction inside her jeans without thinking she held it against herself. Jennifer looked up, "That's my favourite one too!"

She stood up, glass in hand, and walked over to the clothes rail. Slowly looking through the lingerie and costumes she finished her glass of wine and picked out the army girl costume. "Shall I?" she asked her friend holding it against herself. Not waiting for a reply she took her jeans and top off to reveal her bright red, lacy matching underwear which complimented her body perfectly, and put on the costume. She headed upstairs to look at herself in a full length mirror. Jennifer grabbed a pilots costume and ran up the stairs behind her.

Jennifer stripped off in front of her and put the costume on. They stood next to each other in front of the mirror and started to laugh. Still giggling and feeling more than a little tipsy she reached for her camera and they started to take pictures of each other posing in their sexy outfits.

As they both fell on to the bed laughing. Jennifer propped herself up on one elbow, leaned over and kissed her firmly. Finding herself more aroused than surprised she kissed her back, reaching out to pull her friend closer.

They kissed passionately wrapped in each other's arms. Losing themselves in each other they didn't hear the front door open. Neither did they hear him say "What the hell?....." as he stepped in amongst the Ann Summers kit still strewn around the lounge. 

Finding it hard to take his eyes off the toys he slowly looked into the kitchen, seeing all of the empty bottles of wine he felt a wave of disappointment come over him. "No action tonight then." He said to himself with a sigh. 

Climbing the stairs, he stopped with a start half way up as he heard giggling coming from the bedroom. He leaned in to listen, not believing what he was hearing. Something started to stir in his trousers.

Jennifer knelt up on the bed, removed the pilot's hat and threw it out the door on to the landing. He froze on the spot as it landed in front of him. Swallowing hard he couldn't quite believe what he was about to see, what he hoped he was about to see.

He slowly ascended the stairs. Peeking around the door his cock got so hard it started to pulsate inside his trousers. Both women were now knelt on the bed kissing. Jennifer started to undress her friend. First she undid the belt and threw it on the floor. Next she undid the dress and slipped it off her body followed by the removal of her underwear. Leaving her knelt there Jennifer stood up and removed her own costume and underwear.

As they started kissing again she took Jennifer's tits in her hands and gently squeezed them. Taking her firm nipples between her fingers she bent down to lick them. Gently flicking them with her tongue Jennifer let out a groan and threw her head back with pleasure. She then followed the line of Jennifer's neck with her tongue. Jennifer fell backwards on to the bed with another groan. She leaned over her friend and sucked her nipples before moving her attention down her body running her fingers over the little pink marks her clothes had left on her skin. She kissed down Jennifer's body. Tenderly moving towards her slit, stroking it with the tips of her fingers she couldn't quite believe what was about to happen between the two of them.

As she knelt between Jennifer's legs, caressing her swollen bead of flesh with her finger, she glanced up to see him peering through the slightly open door. His eyes were wide with anticipation. With a smile she looked down and submerged her tongue into her friends soaking pussy. Jennifer let out moans of pleasure as she bucked against her feverish tongue. Very quickly Jennifer had cum and was trying to get her breath back. 

"Are you going join us?" she asked him. Jennifer looked round with a start to see him stood in the door way like a small child about to be told off. He swallowed hard as he walked towards the bed. Both women were now knelt on the bed again, reached out towards him and started taking his clothes off until he was completely naked and his massive hard cock was stood to attention. He looked at her for approval. She gave him a small nod and a wink. 

"Your turn!" Jennifer said to her friend. She led down on the bed with her head hanging over the edge slightly, spread her legs and lifted her knees. Jennifer knelt between her legs and blew on her moist pussy creating and instant moan. He looked at the two women and still couldn't believe what was happening. Quickly snapping out of it he stood at the edge of the bed where her head was. Holding his throbbing cock he manoeuvred it towards her mouth, she opened wide to receive his manhood.

The room became full of pleasured moans and groans. 

Jennifer sucked her friend's clit harder and harder as he slowly thrusted his cock into her mouth. He leant over to squeeze her tits as he fucked her face. Her body was overcome with ecstasy, as she cried out he pulled his cock out of her mouth to let her enjoy her orgasm.

Letting her get her breath back and take in what just happened. Both he and Jennifer sat back on the bed and watched her beautiful curvy body come down after her orgasm.

She sat up, wrapped her arms around him and kissed him. He pulled her closer to him and held her tight.

She knelt on the bed, leaned over and kissed Jennifer. He tapped her lightly on the bum, she knew instantly he was going to take her from behind. He reached underneath her to feel her wetness, sinking two of his fingers in she gasped and pulled her lips away from her friend. He plunged his colossal cock into her hard, she let out a cry. He watched himself as he slowly moved in and out of her. She started to moan again. Jennifer stood up and walked around behind him; she reached between his legs and started stroking his bollocks. He let out a loud groan as he threw his head back and closed his eyes. 

As he got faster he held on to her hips, her upper body went limp and her tits were banging against her legs as he pounded her. 

Jennifer reached for the camera. She stood on the bed and from above them took photos of their passion. Enjoying every second she took photos from all angles and didn't stop until they had both cum.

He leant down and kissed her on the back before pulling himself out of her and slumping onto the bed between both women. None of them spoke. 

After a while Jennifer let out a sigh, reached over and started stroking his prick. With one swift movement she had straddled his legs and started sucking and licking his greatness with her eyes open and looking up to watch them. He let out small groans of pleasure.

She watched as her friend sucked her man dry and it made her moist again. Pushing him flat on his back she straddled his head so he could lick her pussy. He whimpered and obliged. She braced herself by holding on to the bed stead with both hands as his tongue flicked in and out of her and over her hard throbbing clit. 

As she got lost in her own delicious orgasm he felt his stomach take a somersault before emptying his load into Jennifer's mouth. 

Jennifer swallowed hard and licked her lips with a smile before leaving the room. She went down stairs picked a toy and headed back to the spare room.

He led there unable to move after his explosive orgasm. She led next to him and put her head on his chest. He tenderly kissed the top of her head before stroking her hair. They fell asleep in each other's arms to the faint sound of buzzing from the other room. 

When morning came and she went down stairs she found that Jennifer had already packed up all her gear and gone. She walked into the kitchen. In the middle of the table was her camera with a piece of paper next to it.

Thanks for a night to remember!

Look at the last picture on your camera.

I will call you later.

Jen xxx 

Nervously she picked up her camera and switched it on to find a picture that Jennifer had taken of the two of them after they had fallen asleep. They had their arms wrapped around each other in a deep contented sleep.

"Thank you!" She said out loud to no one with a giggle.

He walked into the kitchen, kissed her neck and flicked the kettle on.