 It was about 11:30 and I was with my boyfriend, Chris at my summer house in late August. Chris was holding me on as we sat on the dock, dangling our feet in the water. My parents were both in the house, asleep. I was wearing a black bikini, he had on his letterman's jacket and swimming shorts. His chest was bare, revealing a flat stomach and two pierced nipples.

"You wanna go for swim?" I asked, looking up at him. He grinned.

"Sure. Let me go to the bathroom, first, I'll be right back," he said, and got up and walked back to the house, quietly so he didn't wake up my parents -- he wasn't supposed to be there.

Once he had entered the house I slid into the water slowly and shivered with cold. My nipples became hard instantly as I submerged them, and my skin was covered in goosebumps. I suddenly wished I had waited for Chris to keep me warm.

I had a sudden urge to take off my bikini. It was dark, Chris probably wouldn't even notice, and I loved skinny dipping. I looked to make sure Chris was still in the house, and then I reached behind my back and undid the clasp to my top. I slowly peeled it off, freeing my breasts to bounce a little, half underwater with the very tops of the nipples sticking out of the water. I put the bikini top on the dock and then reached down and pulled off my bottom, then put that on the dock, too.

A few minutes later Chris came back and slipped into the water near me.

"Hey," he said. I laughed and splashed him, and he splashed back. We floated around, talking and enjoying ourselves, for a while, until I got cold.

"I'm gonna get out now," I said, and swam onto the beach. As I stood up and shook my hair around, I suddenly realized that Chris could see in the moonlight that I was naked. I looked back toward the water, and discovered that he was right behind me. Wordlessly, he kissed me and reached his hands around to touch my breasts. I moaned as his hands started massaging my nipples. His tongue was pierced, and tickled as it roamed my mouth.

I turned around without breaking the kiss and ran my hands up and down his bare chest, then slowly pulled off his jacket. I rubbed his muscular arms all over while we explored each others' mouths. Next I started rubbing his stomach with one hand, moving lower and lower until I slid my hand into his shorts and felt his hard cock. I moaned slightly, I had never touched a cock before. I could hear him groaning into my mouth, too.

Then I hooked my thumbs under his waistband and pulled down, removing my tongue from his mouth to bend over and pull his shorts to the ground. He stepped out of them and we were both naked. Before I could stand back up, he pushed me gently to the ground. He moved down between my legs and began kissing my inner thighs. I groaned with desire. He seemed to nibble the area around my pussy for hours until he finally stuck his tongue in me. Since it was pierced, it felt unbelievably good as he licked the inside of my pussy. His tongue was everywhere, licking every part of me and I was breathing hard, occassionally crying out a little.

After I felt like I couldn't stand it any longer he moved up a little and nibbled my clit. Sparks of pleasure shot up my spine and I gasped. Finally he stopped, and stood up.

"I want to feel your mouth on my cock," he whispered, so I got up on my knees. I licked the tip of his cock and he moaned. It tasted salty. I slowly began licking in wider circles until my lips were around the tip of his cock. Then I took a little more in my mouth, so about a quarter of it was in and it felt like I couldn't fit any more. He was gasping for air and moaning. I reached up and started massaging his balls while I played with his cock and his moaning got louder. Then, even though I felt like I couldn't, I started to take more of him into my mouth. My lips slid down his shaft and he groaned. His cock filled my mouth and then started to slide down my throat. I suppressed the gag reflex. I continued to take more and more until I felt like his cock was two feet down my throat. I could hardly breathe as my lips finally touched his pubic hair and I had all seven inches in my mouth.

Then I started pumping up and down. I let the whole thing out until my lips were barely around the head, and then shoved it back down my throat. He moaned and groaned more and more. I could feel his cock start to pulsate as he came closer and closer to orgasm, so I removed it from my mouth and put my hand around him, using the other to continue massaging his balls, and jacked him off. Finally, he let out a loud gasp and a stream of white, gooey come shot out and splattered on my cheek. I instantly stuck his cock in my mouth and shoved it all the way in. Glob after glob of it shot directly down my throat. It tasted slightly tangy. I swallowed every drop. Once he was done, I pulled him out of my mouth and used the head of his cock to wipe the bit that had hit my cheek into my mouth. Then I licked him clean.

"That was great," he said. He sat down on the sand, trying to catch his breath. I wasn't done, though. I got up and then sat down in his lap, facing him, wrapping my legs around him. His cock instantly got hard again and I reached down, maneuvering it into my pussy. I gasped as it entered. It was so big!

He immediately started moving up and down inside me. I moaned with pleasure as his cock moved in and out, in and out. But he still had only gone halfway in. I was a virgin.

"I'm going to pop your cherry, okay?" he said to me. I was scared, but I nodded and closed my eyes. With one huge thrust, his entire cock was suddenly inside me. It hurt horribly for a few seconds, but he kept pumping and soon I started enjoying it again. In and out and in and out, and I started to moan with pleasure. He grunted, as well, as he kept pumping in and out, in and out. My breasts were bouncing up and down and he started licking the nipples, making me moan even louder. Then he started biting each one lightly, then a little harder, making me squeal with a delicious mixture of pleasure and pain. I locked my ankles together and squeezed my eyes shut tight as he fucked me.

After ten minutes or so, he pulled out and rolled me over on my back. Now I was in the waves, and I could feel the water lapping up against my naked body. He was on top of me, then, and he reached down to get his cock in position. Then he started fucking me again, slowly and passionately, in time with the waves. As the water got deeper around me, he pushed his cock in, and as it faded away he pulled slowly out. Then the wave came back again and he pushed his cock in, real slowly. It was incredibly erotic, as we fucked in time with the sea. My arousal grew and grew, and I could feel an orgasm building.

"Harder! HARDER!" I moaned to him. He started pumping in and out as fast as he could. My pussy made a wet slapping sound every time his cock slammed into it. He bent his neck down so he could start licking my nipples as he fucked me. I cried out with pleasure as he continued to pump in and out. It was indescribably erotic to have his cock filling my pussy so entirely one second, and then be gone the next, and then before I could begin to recover be filled again.

"Oh, Jesus Christ, fuck me, you asshole, fuck me!! Oh, fuck, fucking harder, oh, fuck, FUCK!" I moaned. I realized that my eyes were squeezed shut and I opened them, and saw Chris above me. His eyes were shut, too, and his face was covered in sweat. The sight made me lose control, and suddenly I started screaming. I could feel my come squirt out of my already soaked pussy, covering his dripping cock. Lights flashed in front of my eyes. I could hear birds singing. Water was roaring in my ears. I felt like I came for twenty minutes. The whole time, Chris kept fucking me. I lost consciousness for a few seconds, and Chris never stopped going in and out.

When I regained control, he was still fucking, and I was still moaning without even realizing it. I rolled him over so that I was on top and we were deeper in the freezing water. Both our nipples were rock hard. I sat up on him, so that his dick was pointing straight up seven inches into me. I started bouncing up and down. My tits felt heavy as they flew up, then down, then up, then down. He groaned, he still hadn't come. I started fucking him as hard as I could. Every time my pussy hit the base of his cock I let out a squeal of pleasure and he grunted. After just a few pumps he let out a huge grunt and I could feel his come filling my insides. When I felt that, I started orgasming, too. I let out a scream of pleasure and collapsed onto him, shoving my tongue into his mouth as his come and mine ran out of my pussy and covered his balls. All of the muscles in both our bodies contracted with pleasure as we orgasmed, and we were the same person for a few delicious seconds.

His cock went limp inside me as our breathing returned to normal and I kissed him. After a few minutes, I slowly got off of him. I wanted more, though.

"Can we do it again?" I asked him. He laughed, but then gasped as I suddenly grabbed his limp cock and started to rub it, trying to get it hard again. I kept rubbing it but he wouldn't get hard.

"I'm sorry," he said sheepishly, "I'm getting sorta tired..." he trailed off. I sat in his lap, his cock right under my thigh, and wrapped my arms around his neck. I kissed him passionately, and then whispered in his ear.

"Please, I want to feel you in my ass," I whispered. As soon as he heard that, I felt his cock instantly start pushing against my thigh. I giggled.

"I've always wanted to do it doggie style," he said. I could hear excitement in his voice. Without another word I got off of his lap, and got down on my hands and knees and stuck my ass in his face. He immediately knelt behind me and I could feel the tip of his cock touching my asshole. Suddenly I got kind of scared. He was so big, I didn't think he would fit.

"Go slowly," I pleaded, as he started to push. I could feel my ass stretching to take the head of his cock. It was sort of an uncomfortable feeling as he kept pushing. Soon I felt like he was going to tear my skin, and I gasped with the pain. I opened my mouth to tell him I changed my mind, I didn't want to do this, but all I could do was gasp as he suddenly shoved it in another inch with one thrust. I couldn't believe the pain I was feeling. He kept pushing, going slowly in farther and farther. A moment later I felt his balls lightly come in contact with my asscheeks and I realized he was all the way in.

"Dont move for a minute," I begged him, I needed to get used to his huge cock shoved so far up my ass. I sat, breathing hard, for a moment, until the pain started to fade away. I took a deep breath and then said "Okay, go."

He started thrusting in and out of my ass. I was sore, but it was beginning to feel real good. With every pump his balls slapped noisily against me. He began grunting with pleasure, and I allowed a little moan to escape from my lips, too. As he kept pushing in and out, he reached one hand down and began rubbing my clit. I moaned with pleasure at feeling his cock moving in and out of my ass at the same time as I felt him rolling my clit around between his thumb and index finger.

Since he had already come twice in the past forty-five minutes, I knew I would have plenty of time before he finished. He varied the intensity of his strokes, sometimes slamming into me as hard as he could and sometimes gently pushing his cock in. I adored the feeling both ways. His hand never left my clit, and after a while I reached my hand down to help him. As he pumped in and out of my ass and rubbed my clit, I shoved my fingers into my pussy and started fingering myself wildly. For nearly an hour we fucked like this, until I felt a shudder run through his entire body and warm goo filling my ass. I screamed and my pussy went crazy. Juices were dripping out of my ass and pussy, and he was still rubbing my clit, which drove me crazy since I was trying to catch my breath but I couldn't get rid of the great feeling.

Finally we both collapsed on the sand, naked and entwined, his limp dick still halfway in my ass. We lay there for ten minutes before he finally got up and put on his clothes. Before leaving, he leaned down and kissed me lightly on the lips. I slept more soundly than I ever had before.