 The morning of my birthday I wasn't planning anything special. Nica and I were watching our money, so I knew I wasn't going to get any big presents or go out for a special dinner. That was fine, I was more than happy to spend the day relaxing with my beautiful wife and enjoy a day off of work. The night before as I fell asleep, I had no idea what Nica had in store for me.

As my brain slowly gained conciseness from a good night's sleep, I could smell the coffee brewing and feelings of a growing sexual awakening started to overcome my body. It wasn't unusual for me to wake up with a raging hard on, dreaming of a sexual encounter with Nica, but this morning it was more real. As I opened my eyes and cleared the fog from my brain, I realized that the feelings were real. Nica had woke up earlier and after starting the coffee, she had returned to wake me up by sucking on my cock.

Waking up with my wife's hot mouth engulfing my hard cock was a feeling like no other! I could feel her moist lips as she slid them up and down the length of my hard smooth shaft. Her expert tongue teasingly circling the engorged head of my throbbing member. Her hand firmly grasping the base, her mouth sucking my length deeply into its warm embrace. Gently sucking up and down, using her tongue to massage the stretched skin, her fingers gripping the base firmly, and her fingertips touching my balls.

With a deep stroke of her mouth, I gasped and let out a soft moan. Nica realized that I was awake, so she sucked hard and raised her eyes to make contact with mine. Keeping eye contact, she slowly sucked her way slowly back towards the swollen head of my aching cock. She stopped at the sensitive rim and worked her tongue around the spots she knew drove me crazy, never breaking eye contact. She continued working me towards the verge of explosion, but stopped just as I was about to cum.

Nica sat up and kissed me hard on the mouth, her hand keeping my erection at the breaking point. We kissed deeply as she continued to slowly stroke my cock. I reached out to fondle her, but she backed away and told me that for now I was not allowed to touch. With that, my beautiful wife jumped off the bed and headed towards the kitchen to get us some fresh coffee.

I was in shock, my cock was still throbbing from the sensual wake up action, my head spinning as I watched my wife walk out of the room naked. Nica is a beautiful brunette, nice and ample breasts crowned with perfect dark pink nipples. Her long legs are topped off with a firm ass that demands attention when she walks. Just seeing her naked almost sent me over the edge.

Soon she returned with our coffee. She walked slowly with purpose as she entered the room. The sight of her exposed breasts gently bouncing with each step. Her nipples were as hard as my cock and stood almost an inch from her puckered areola. My eyes wandered down across her abdomen to her neatly trimmed pussy. With each step, I could see that her pussy was already swollen with excitement. The outer lips of her labia rubbed against each other as she took each step, perfectly framed by the thin strip of brunette pubic hair that seemed to lead your eyes to her swollen clit that was peeking out from its hood.

With a smile, she leaned over to hand me my cup of coffee, her ample breasts hung down and begged to be caressed. Once again she stopped me from touching with a stern voice "no touching until later". Nica lay on the bed next to me and as we sipped our coffee, she kept her hand touching me, on the thigh, across my stomach, and stroking my cock. She was on a mission to keep me hard, but not let me cum. Nica began to explain her plan, she had decided that we would spend my birthday in our birthday suits and she was going to see how long she could keep me hard without letting me cum. She promised that it would be worth it when I finally came. I couldn't agree more, the longer I stay erect, the harder I cum.

When we had finished our coffee, Nica took the cups and returned with our laptop computer. I was in awe at the sight of my naked wife. We do spend time naked together, but not often enough for me. I spend most of the summer naked when I'm in the house and I sleep naked every night, but Nica doesn't stay naked very often. She does go through times that she likes to sleep naked and just relax together naked, but it's been a while since she has been in the mood for that. Nica settled in next to me and opened the computer to our favorite porn site. She entered "Squirt" in the search box and picked out a video for us to watch. While we watched the action on the screen, Nica kept one hand on my cock and the other hand between her own legs. When the video was over, she closed the computer and told me that I could do the next search, but not until after breakfast.

Once again I was treated to the view of my naked wife walking from the room, showing me every inch of her beautiful birthday suit. Nica returned with a box and some napkins and sat next to me on the bed. She opened the box and handed me a glazed donut. As I began to eat my breakfast treat, Nica pulled another donut from the box and as I watched she tore little bits from the center and erotically licked them from her fingers. What she did next almost drove me to cum! She took her donut and twisted it over the head of my dick. Once it was just below the head, she began to nibble her way around the outside rim of her donut. She used her hand on the base of my cock to guide her treat to her mouth. Slowly she nibbled her way around, licking the frosting that fell off onto my stomach. My cock was throbbing hard as I watched her nibble closer and closer to my rock hard erection. With barely a ring of donut left encircling my member, Nica started just licking her breakfast treat until at last my cock throbbed so hard that it broke the remaining donut piece. Nica didn't miss anything. She nibbled and licked the crumbs from my stomach and licked the frosting from the tip to the base, leaving me wet and shining from her saliva.

I couldn't take anymore, but once again my loving wife stopped me and made me promise not to cum just yet, after all, the day had just begun. With a smile, Nica sat up and faced me, sitting on the bed cross legged, naked in all of her glory. She reached back into the box and this time retrieved a ripe strawberry. She erotically sucked the strawberry into her mouth, wrapping her lips around it before removing it and feeding it to me. With a coy smile she pulled out a second strawberry and this time she touched it to her clit before slowly easing it farther down between her swollen pussy lips. She stopped at the opening of her vagina and gave the lucky berry a twist before she fed it to me. I couldn't believe how it tasted, so sweet, the natural juice of the fruit mixed with the sweet taste of her own natural juices.

The next strawberry underwent the same treatment of being coated with her pussy fluid, but this time she brought it to her own mouth! With a low moan of pleasure she told me that I made it look so tasty she had to try one herself. My eyes were wide with excitement as I watched her enjoy the coated fruit. We spent the next half hour enjoying our breakfast treats. She bit the end off of one of the strawberries and squeezed the juice onto the head of my dick and licked it clean. She spread the juice from another onto her nipples and let me lick them clean for her. With one lucky strawberry she used it at length to masturbate her clit and as a mini dildo pushing it in and out of her wet vagina before she put it in her mouth and kissed me as we shared its sweet sexual flavored coating.

With breakfast over, she opened the computer again and prompted me to enter a search. I typed "orgasm" into the search box and hit enter. We browsed the thumbnails and decided on a compilation video. We watched as the women on the screen masturbated themselves to shaking climaxes. Nica kept her hand on my cock, just enough to make sure I stayed hard. When the video ended Nica chose another orgasm compilation for us to watch. With one hand on my throbbing cock she kept her other hand busy between her legs. At the end of that video, Nica leaned over and kissed me deeply as she rolled on top of me. We kissed as she teased my cock with her pussy lips and clit. She kept the rhythm slow enough for her pleasure but not enough to make me cum. She was getting more and more turned on and was having trouble keeping me from going past the point of no return, so she rolled off and lay next to me. I was watching her breathing deeply. Her chest heaving her breasts up and down, her nipples straining against the tight skin, her areola puckered, framing her erect nipples. Her stomach almost quivering with each breath, and I could see the light glistening off the moisture on her pubic hair strip. Her pussy lips were swollen and turning a dark red as the blood was filling them.

Nica surprised me again when she told me to get my video camera as she pulled some of her favorite toys from the nightstand drawer. "I know you like to watch, so video this so we can both watch later" she purred in my ear as she lay back facing me. I could hardly hold the camera steady as my naked wife began stroking her wet pussy with her favorite g-spot toy. The only sounds I could hear were the vibrating toy and Nica's moans as she slid the toy between the lips of her pussy. Slowly she slid the toy in and out, bringing it up to vibrate her clit before returning it to the inner folds of her velvet lined vagina. Her back arched with pleasure as she pushed the toy against the magic spot inside of her.

Before long she was pinching her nipple with her free hand as her other hand guided the toy to the most pleasurable spots of her love hole. I could see her getting so wet that some juice was dripping past the toy and dribbling down across her anus. As the juice crossed the tight opening of her anus, I watched as it puckered and relaxed in rhythm to the strokes of her toy. I made sure to video everything, the look of passion on her face, the sight of her pussy lips gripping the toy inside of her, the puckering of her ass as the warm juices caressed the opening.

I focused on her pussy as I witnessed her speeding up, her muscles were tensing as she got more and more aroused. The vibrations muffled as her pussy gripped the toy tighter, her hand guided the love toy in and out, up and down, finding the best pleasure possible. I started to encourage her orgasm, talking dirty as she ramped up the vibrations and rhythm. I was telling her to cum for me, cum for the camera, that's right show me how you look when you cum. I watched and videoed my sexy horny wife toying herself to a huge orgasm. Her toes curled, her back arched, she threw her head from side to side as she fucked herself into a frenzy. Faster and faster she masturbated until she tensed every muscle in her body as her orgasm drew near. With a scream she squirted a thin stream as her body convulsed in orgasm, squirt after squirt, she shook from head to toe and I got it all on video!

I was so turned on, all I wanted to do was make love to her, and I wanted my dick inside of her and feel her pussy contractions. I was so turned on that I just had to cum. Still shaking, she stopped me once again and insisted that I wait, this was all part of her plan for the day. She asked me to upload the video to the computer so we could watch it later, while she rested for a few minutes. Once I got the video on the computer, she asked me not to watch it until later when we would watch it together.

With her composure regained, she strutted off to the bathroom to start a warm bath. I got up to join her, as I normally sit by the tub while she bathes. This time she told me to get in the tub, she was going to wash me, I gladly complied. Laying in the tub, Nica began to lather up a washcloth. She lovingly started at my feet and washed her way up my legs. She had me sit up as she scrubbed my back. I laid back and she lovingly scrubbed every inch of my body, paying special attention to my still hard cock. She lathered up her hands and stroked me until she felt me about to cum and once again stopped. 

She drained the water and started the shower as she stepped in over me. There I was, laying in the tub watching my sexy wife standing over me, totally naked giving me a private shower show. I watched as she caressed soap across her breasts, pinching her nipples to hard points. She lathered up and caressed her abdomen and stroked the suds down her long legs as she bent over me, her breasts hanging just over my eyes. She turned facing away from me as she bent forward to wash her ass. For my viewing pleasure she massaged her ass cheeks and spread them, giving me a view of her pucker anus and pussy from behind. She reached between her ass cheeks and with a soapy finger teased her puckered opening. My eyes were glued to her finger as it slid into the tight opening of her anus. She stood back up and turned to face me as she put on foot on the side of the tub next to my head. I was treated to the show of her washing every inch of her pussy, she caressed the outer lips and washed every fold with me watching from below. She rinsed off, letting the soapy water cascade over me on its way to the drain. I got so turned on as I watched her take the hand held shower and guide the jets of water across her nipples, down her stomach, and between her legs. She spread her pussy lips and let the jets of water caress her inner folds. Rinsed clean she stepped from the shower and towel dried before she guided me from the tub and dried me off.

The next few hours were just spent watching TV, both of us still naked, her keeping me hard and on the verge of cumming. I was surprised and somewhat disappointed when she said that we should get dressed and get something to eat, "after all, we will need our strength for tonight" she insisted. Reluctantly I got up and slipped on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Nica sat on the bed and watched as I got dressed and when I was finished she told me to sit down as she got dressed. She opened the closet and pulled out a medium length dress, I expected her to pull out a lacy bra and thong as usual when she wears a dress, but to my surprise and amazement, she just pulled the dress over her head and told me she was ready to go.

We got in the car and headed to a local restaurant. Barely out of the driveway, Nica reached over and guided my hand under her dress between her legs, I slid a finger inside of her wet pussy and she grabbed my hand forcing me to just hold it still as we drove. I kept my finger lodged inside of her hot pussy until we arrived in the parking lot. As we walked in I noticed that her nipples were so hard that they were clearly visible though the material of her dress. I'm sure that my raging hard on was just as visible through the material of my jeans.

During dinner she kept her hand on my thigh and brushed it against my cock from time to time, just to make sure I was still hard. I slid my hand between her legs several times while we sat and she didn't let on that anything was going on, but I could tell by her hard nipples that she was as turned on as I was. We finished up dinner and headed back to the house. The return drive was even better than the drive to the restaurant. We were barely out of the parking lot when Nica leaned over and unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock out. She spent the drive slowly sucking and licking my cock as I concentrated on keeping the truck on the road. Each time I looked down to see her sucking me, I caught a glimpse of her bare tits showing from the opening of her top.

Back at the house, as soon as we crossed the door, her dress came off and she strutted naked back towards the bedroom. I stripped as I followed my beautiful sexy wife. By the time I got to the bedroom Nica was laying on the bed with her hand between her legs rubbing her clit. I started to climb on top of her so we could make love and I could get the release I so needed, but once again Nica insisted that I wait. She wanted me to watch her get off again. This time she wanted me to help, she pulled my head towards her spread legs. I wasted no time, I licked and sucked her clit just the way she likes. I had her squirming in minutes as I worked my tongue into all of her most sensitive areas. I slid my finger inside of her and found her swollen g-spot. I gently bit down on her erect clit as my finger massaged the tender spot inside of her velvety pussy bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.

As I felt her orgasm building, I changed my rhythm. After all, she had teased me all day, I was going to tease her now. She moaned in disappointment but still pleasure as I licked and sucked her inner lips, teasing her vagina with the tip of my tongue. I licked every inch of her pubic area, around the edges, and down to the sensitive skin between her pussy and anus. I pushed her legs high over her head and licked and sucked her ass cheeks. I pushed her ass cheeks far apart as I licked my way down the crack of her ass and teased her anus with the tip of my tongue. She was writhing with pleasure as I kept licking, sucking, and touching different parts of her hot body.

I held her legs bent back over her body with one hand while I used my other hand to touch and tease her pussy and ass. Sliding my finger in and out of her dripping wet pussy, tracing my wet finger up her slit until I was caressing her clit. Back down across her wet lips, I slid my finger back into the hot folds of her gripping pussy before I traced it down to the opening of her ass. My finger wet with her juice I gently pressed my fingertip against her tight opening. I could feel her relax the muscles and push back against my finger as it penetrated the puckered hole. She clenched as my finger slid past the first knuckle. I just held it still and went back to licking her clit. The moment my tongue touched the sensitive tip of her clit, her ass relaxed and sucked my finger deep in its grip. I used my other hand to play with her pussy. With two fingers in her pussy, I pressed and massaged her engorged g-spot. My tongue circling her throbbing clit, I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked hard. She bucked wildly as I fingered her ass, massaged her g-spot and sucked her clit. I knew she couldn't hold out much longer, so I really worked her g-spot hard and lapped across her aching clit.

Her pussy and ass clamped down on my fingers as I felt a hot stream splash against my chin and into my open mouth. Hot, sweet, and salty she squirted and bucked under me. She dug her nails into my head as she violently shook her way through the squirting orgasm that gripped her entire body. Once again I started to climb onto her, I was denied again. I couldn't believe it, she always wanted me inside of her and to feel me cum inside of her after I lick her to an orgasm.

To my surprise she reached for the computer. She asked me to play the video from earlier. As the video played, she viewed it transfixed on the images of her that were similar to the orgasm videos we watched earlier. She kept her hand on my cock, still keeping me hard. With the video over we just spent the next few hours naked with each other. Nica caressed my chest and kissed me, I have never felt so loved and so wanted. Nica knows what I like and she knows how much I like to spend time naked together. We talked about sexual desires, fantasies, and kept each other turned on. Talking about our fantasies kept me hard and when Nica noticed a drip of pre-cum appear on the tip of my cock, she leaned down and licked it clean. I was ready to explode, I couldn't take any more, but Nica wasn't done with me yet.

Nica had me pull up the erotic stories I write and she had me read them to her. I love to write about our sensual and sexual encounters and fantasies. Nica enjoys reading them, and it seems that she enjoys hearing me read them to her too. After reading several of my stories of us, Nica grabbed me by the hand and led me to the living room. She put some music on and stood in front of me, both of us still naked. I knew exactly what she wanted, she wanted me to dance with her. We had taken dance lessons and didn't get much of a chance to use our lessons. How sexy, how romantic, how erotic, dancing naked with each other.
