 It's Friday night, the kids are away and it's your birthday. I have been teasing you all week about your birthday present as you told me not to spend much money. Well, what I had in mind wasn't going to cost anything but some well needed time alone with you. I wanted to be the one that gave you your first ultimate blow job.

I had thought all week how good it would be to suck your cock for 8 hours and now the time was here for me to put your cock where my mouth was. I was hot and wet just thinking about my mouth making love to your sexy body until you begged me to stop. I could hear you saying "Fat chance I will beg you to stop". We had talked about what we liked or didn't like when it involved sex. I felt I knew you from the inside out and that you knew me better then anyone else ever cared to know. 

I had rushed home from work to prepare for tonight. I gathered up the erotic scented candles and placed them about the bedroom, bathroom and living room. I turned on some sultry music to put you in the mood for lovin. I put a glass of ice on the night stand for later and I made some snack foods so you could keep up your energy for what I had in store for your birthday and I cooked your favorite meal, steak and baked potato's just to get your mouth watering. I had some surprises in store for you.

Your key turning in the lock started my heart racing, thinking "come on girl don't run to the door" and not listening to myself I run to the door. I Open the door wide and there you are, "HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE". I'm standing there with a big smile, a warm hug, an almost chaste sweet kiss on the lips and a single white rose. I hadn't forgotten you loved white roses. We stumble through the doorway not wanting to let go and we both starting talking at once. We stop and laugh. You take my hands and pull me closer to you. 

"I've waited all week long for my birthday surprise and now we are alone" you whisper to me. 

My tongue sneaks out and wets my lips as I whisper back "As I have waited to give it to you."

I lead you to the dining room and place the rose in a crystal vase and place it in the center of the table between two red candles. The soft scent reaching my nose. We pick at our dinner, too excited to eat and talking got in the way of eating. 

I ask you "Are you wanting to take a shower to cool off from this Texas heat wave we are having and your long day at work?" 

You ask "Are you going to be joining me in the shower"? I get this wicked look in my eye.

I lead you into the bedroom and you stop as you spot the king size bed, turned down invitingly and the candles flickering around the room with the sultry music playing in the back ground. You eye the glass of ice on the night stand. I walk back to you and take your hand leading you further into the bedroom. 

"I'll be right back" I toss over my shoulder as I walk into the bathroom and start the water running, checking it to make sure it's not too hot.

I walk back into the bedroom to where you are standing with this amazed look in your eyes. I stand on my tip toes and bring your mouth down to mine, giving you a long deep passionate kiss that I have been wanting to give you since you got home. I end the kiss as I slide my tender lips down your throat to the hollow of your neck and nuzzle. I reach up with trembling fingers and unbutton the top button of your shirt and place a kiss where it showed your chest. My lips following each inch of flesh as my fingers reveal more of you. Feathered touches with my lips, teasing you. I can feel your heart pounding in your chest and the short breathes you are taking. It is having the same affect on me. I tug your shirt out of your jeans and finish unbuttoning it as my lips follow my hands.

I slowly slide your shirt off your shoulders and it falls to the ground. My lips and my eyes feast upon you. Tracing your nipple with my tongue, growing in smaller circles until your hard nub slides past my lips and I give it a gentle suck as I flick my tongue across it. My hands sliding up and down your back, my nails leaving a tingling trail as my mouth slides over to your other nipple and giving it the same treatment.

My hands glide up your arms and down your chest as my mouth takes a slow lazy trip down your chest as I slide my body down yours. I can feel your hard cock pulsating against my chin as I grab the cloth next to the snap with my teeth and give a tug until the snap pops open. My hands slide around to your ass as I nibble along the length of your cock through your jeans, moans escaping your lips. My tongue flicks out and lifts the zipper pull up and I grasp it between my teeth.

Your fingers wind through my long curly hair, pulling me closer to you. With my teeth I slowly unzip your jeans. Over the music we could hear each zip of the teeth as I pulled down your zipper. Being careful not to catch any delicate flesh with those zipper teeth. I slide my hands up your inner thighs and back down, bringing your jeans down with my hands as they pool at your feet. 

I sit back on my heels and remove your shoes and tug your jeans off over your feet. I lean forward and slowly lick up the inside of your thigh and down the other. You pull me back up to my feet and catch my mouth with yours, full of hunger and a fire that was burning out of control. I start walking backwards, bring you with me until we are standing in front of the tub never breaking the kiss.

"In you go" I said. 

You look a little lost as you ask "Aren't you joining me"? 

"Yes, I'll be in a second, don't start without me."

I went and got two warm towels out of the dryer and placed them next to the tub. I then quickly removed all my clothes and pulled my hair up into a pony tail, nothing worse then hair in the mouth especially when it's your own I thought. I opened the curtain and there you were standing there before me with the water spray making wet rivers down your chest as your hard cock stands out before you. I step into the shower behind you and close the curtain.

I reach around you and kiss your back as my hands feel for the soap. I slide the wet bar of soap across your back, your shoulders and down your ass. I lean forward and put down the soap and bring my arms close around you and slide my body across your back, washing us both at the same time. I grab the soap again and drop to my knees as I run the soap up and down your legs. Letting the soap fall to the bottom of the tub, I slowly slide my hands up your legs, exploring you and teasing you at one time.

"This is great Hon, but when do I get to wash you"? You ask. 

"Just as soon as I get through washing you babe," I reply. 

I finish washing the back side of you and grab the soap and gently turn you around to face me and to let the water rinse your backside as you pull me to my feet. I lean forward and flick both your hard nipples with my tongue before sliding the wet soap across them and down your chest to your hips. I drop the soap again.

"Oh now I get it, I get to rub your body with mine and get us both slippery clean" you said with a grin. 

I could only nod. 

You pull me close and taking a breast in each hand you slowly tease my nipples across your chest, ticking them with the hair on your chest. Hmm, you sure remember me telling you how much I enjoyed having my nipples teased. Pulling me closer until we are rubbing soapy body to soapy body, giggling at our playfulness.

We turn so that the water rinses us both off. I step out of the shower and quickly dry off so that I can finish your shower. I reach in and turn the water off in the shower, I open the curtain holding a warm fluffy towel and offer to dry you off. 

"hmmmm what does this lady have in mind". 

"I'm thinking, it's your birthday and your in your birthday suit and it's time to unwrap your present".

You step out and stand before me in all your naked glory. I move behind you and gently rub your shoulders with the towel. Standing close behind you so that my large breasts rub your back also.

Running my tongue across one shoulder and then the other before my tongue slides down the middle of your back slowly. My hands cup your ass through the towel, giving them a squeeze. 

"Hmmmm you have nice buns" I blurt out. 

I drop to my knees as my lips replace the towel on your ass, soft nips of my teeth and nibbles while my hands rub the towel down one leg and up the other. My tongue sliding lower to your ass, as my tongue snakes down the crevice and teasing the puckered lips of your ass and down to between your legs where your balls hang down. Spreading your legs you allow my mouth access to your balls.

Slowly sucking one in my mouth and rolling it across my tongue to let it slide out so I can suck the other one into my hot mouth. Releasing it only to suck both into my mouth while my hands slide up and down your inner thighs. Teasing you. I release your balls and put my hands on your hips to turn you around. Still on my knees I reach up with the towel and dry your chest off. Teasing your nipples with little soft pinches of my fingers while the towel caresses them. Making them harder.

I stand up and slowly take your cock in my hand and lead you to the chair in the corner of the bedroom. You sit down as I place a pillow between your feet. I put my hands on the arms of the chair and lean down to kiss your lips, slowly nibbling and sucking them. My mouth slides to your ear as I slowly lick your ear and then blow my hot breath across it, sending shivers down your spine.

My tongue trails down your chest to your nipples and once more tease you as I flick my tongue across them. Sucking your hard nipples as you would suck mine. My hands never still in their exploration of your body as my mouth brings you sweet torture. My tongue traveling lower along the path that it seeks. Never wavering in it's goal to reach your core.

Your hands resting gently upon my shoulders, urging my tongue to your cock as your head is thrown back enjoying the pleasure my mouth is bringing you. You feel my tongue flick across the tip of your hard cock, giving me a taste of the precum that is pooled there. I close my lips around the head of your cock and you close your eyes at the wonderful feel of my velvet lips and hot tongue upon your sensitive cock. 

My tongue swirls around the head and underside of your cock, teasing and tasting you. I wrap my lips tight around your cock and slowly suck you into my mouth barely moving until you are buried deep in my throat. You groan deep in your chest as your try to grab for my head just as your cock explodes in my mouth, spaying my throat with your hot cum.

"My sorry babe, I didn't mean to do that but it feels so good and I couldn't hold it any longer" you mumble a little embarrassed. 

I slide my mouth up your cock after swallowing your load. "Don't worry about it Hon, that was just the first of many for you tonight" I replied.

I lick and suck the cum from your still hard cock. Yummy. Not finished with you by a long shot, I continue to tease your cock. With my tongue I traced every vein and ridge of your cock, committing it to memory to savor for when you are not with me. Sliding my tongue up one side and down the other, slowly sucking you in deep in my mouth. Fucking your cock with my mouth. Slow, then fast and then slow gain.

You open your eyes and notice that I have placed the chair where you can look in one of 3 mirrors and watch as your cock slides deep into my mouth. You watch the mirror mesmerized as the candle light flickers and distorts the image of your cock being made love to by my mouth. You twine my hair through your fingers, holding my head gently as your raise your hips up and down controlling the image in the mirror. 

Your hips are rocking your cock in and out of my mouth as we both look in the mirror as your cock disappears faster and faster until our eyes lock in the mirror and you labor to let the words pass your lips "OMG I'm gonna cum again."

I tighten my lips around your cock as I watch the expression on your face turn from guilt, to pure unadulterated passion as you cum again buried deep in my throat. I don't let up the pressure of my lips surrounding your cock, making it feel like I'm trying to suck the cum from your balls. This keeps your cock hard and wanting more. While sucking your cock deep once more I grab the glass of ice off the night stand.

I offer you a drink of the ice cold water from the melting ice. 

"Thank you darlin, my mouth is so dry from moaning." 

"Your welcome Hon," I reply. 

You hand the glass back to me and I take a long drink. But I also capture a piece of ice in my mouth as I set the glass down next to the chair. 

Keeping the ice on one side of my mouth I lean a little lower and suck one of your balls into my mouth and you the feel of fire of my hot mouth and the ice on your balls almost making you cum again. I suck the other ball in my mouth also. This drives you wild, one ball on fire from my hot mouth and the other one on ice. I release your balls and tease that spot between your balls and your ass with my hot and cold tongue while my hand strokes your still hard cock.

I took another drink and let 2 pieces of ice slide into my mouth and while setting the glass down I put my lips around the head of your cock. You could feel the hot and cold of my tongue as I swirl it around your cock past the ice. 

"Babe I have never felt anything like this, don't stop it feels sooooo good." 

I have no intention of stopping until you beg me to stop. I slowly suck your cock into my mouth as my tongue continues to swirl around your cock moving the ice against your cock. My hands sliding up your inner thighs and cupping your balls gently while my thumb presses up under your balls.

Your so hot the ice quickly melts and I reach down and get 2 more pieces of ice and slide one in my mouth while your cock is still being caressed by my lips and throat. I keep the other piece of ice in my hand and slowly slide it up your thigh and down the other. My hand is cold from the ice as I cup your balls and slide the ice over them, making them tighten and draw up.

My mouth, lips and tongue are slurping your cock as I tighten my lips tighter to keep the ice from sliding out, moving up and down on your cock harder and faster. Building the fire along the path of your cock, teased by the melting ice. Hot then cold, around and around, up and down my mouth sucks your cock and the ice driving you to the edge. Quickly grabbing another piece of ice in my hand, I slide the ice under your balls and press it against your anus. Long ways so it does not go inside. My other hand fondling your balls while my mouth and tongue work their magic on your cock.

You grab my head to stop or slow me down but I shake off your hands as my mouth continues to devour your cock, wanting you to cum for me again. You grab the arms of the chair as the deep throbbing in your balls builds until you can't contain it. My mouth demanding your sweet taste once more, I slide the ice faster against your anus, my hand massaging your balls as my mouth fucks your cock.

The power behind your explosion nearly knocks us over as you squirt load after sweet load of your cum deep in my mouth. I lick the cum again from your cock and balls, not wasting a drop of your delicious essence. My hands continue to stroke your still hard cock as you ask for a kiss, knowing my lips still tasted of you. I slide up your body, teasing you along the way.

"Babe, I want to feel my cock buried deep in your tight cunt" you whisper against my lips. 

My only response was to straddle your lap so that my dripping wet cunt was poised over the head of your cock. You hands on my hips, guiding me as I hold your cock up. I rest my cunt lips against the head of your cock, letting you feel how wet sucking you had made me. But wanting you deep inside me was greater then the wanting of teasing you, I push down hard on your cock. The searing pain of pleasure as your cock spreads the lips of my cunt, past the muscles that protest against the invasion until you are in as deep in my cunt as you can be.

The amazing feel of your cock sliding into my cunt sends me over the edge. Feeling the spasms of my eruption on your cock, you stop and just hold me down on your cock as we both enjoy the feeling. Before they subside you gently rock me against you, sliding your cock in and out in short slow strokes. Contracting my cunt muscles against your cock as you slide in my cunt and then making them even tighter as you pull out, making it seem like I'm milking your cock.

Moving my legs slightly so they rest beside your thighs, I use my legs to slide all the way up your cock so that just the head rests at my cunt lips and then pushing down hard on your cock as I tighten my muscles even more. I lean in and capture your lips and tongue in a searching kiss, while moans escape past our dancing tongues. 

"OHH FUCK ME!!!" we both say in unison over and over, not being able to stop. 

You start pumping your hips up to met my downward thrusts. My hands stray to your chest as my fingers gently pinch your nipples. Your hands slide down and cup my ass, trying to hold on. I flick my tongue over your nipples. We are both moaning and gasping for much needed air in our burning lungs.

Your hands slide up under my ass and as I met your upward thrust of your cock the tip of your middle fingers slides into my ass. You slide your finger deeper as I ride your cock until you match the rhythm of our thrusts with your finger until you are fucking my ass as you fuck my cunt, making me ride your cock hard. Straining under the pressure of the passion that is threatening to explode in both of us. I feel your finger and your cock deep in my core.

As long time lovers we exploded in a burst of flame that was washed with hot cum, unable to contain the screams of pleasure the flowed from our lips as our bodies continued to rock the other to the core. Wave upon wave of molten cum flowing, mixing, mingling as we cum again. Not knowing when one started or ended. 

Finally we come to rest, your cock still buried deep in my cunt. My cheek resting on your chest as you slide your finger out of my ass and cuddle me closer to you. Our hearts beating as one both threatening to never beat normal again. A sigh escapes your lips as draw my tongue once more across your nipple.

I start to slide off your cock. 

"Where are you going"? 

I grin as I respond "I'm going back to continue your blow job." 

You tighten your arms around me and growl "Hon your not going anywhere." 

"But babe I haven't finished with your birthday present yet," I purrrrrrr. 

"OK, OK I'm begging you please, let me rest before you start again" you whisper sleepily.

I glance at the clock in the mirror, it's 3am. Not quite 8 hours but whose counting? Not me. I smile contentedly in your arms as I snuggle closer with your cock still deep inside me. Waiting until we build up our strength for more. Maybe a little nap first, we deserve it. 

You tighten your arms even more and whisper into my hair "Next time lets see if I can give you the ultimate pussy job and see if you can last 8 hours before begging me to stop."

Laughing softly "Fat chance that I'd beg for you to stop" I whisper back.