 THE DRAFT

Sexual tension grew with each passing week between Steve and Jen. The two worked for the same New York marketing firm. Jen was a three-year veteran in the office; Steve was the newbie, stolen from a competitor two months before. Both were good at what they did, competitive in their work and admirers of the other. While the company discouraged inner-office courtships, the unspoken admiration was more than professional. 

Jennifer is a fit statuesque brunette with large sparkling blue eyes, large firm round breasts, long legs and a killer smile. She grew up as a tomboy, the only daughter of parents who coached college athletics, and the only sister of two older brothers who never gave her an inch. Her instincts to win were born and bred. She was gorgeous to look at and ruthlessly competitive to her core. Jen learned to use everything she had to get what she wanted professionally and personally.

Steve is a 6'4" blond cross-fit enthusiast with a passion for extreme sports. The greater the challenge, the more driven Steve becomes to meet it. For Steve, life is to be lived with full commitment, whether in professional ventures, recreation or relationships. He's never backed away from a challenge.

Every Fall their marketing office puts together a friendly low-cost $25 Fantasy Football league to foster fun collegial competition. This year the winner will take home $200 with $50 for second place. Steve and Jen immediately began some playful banter after the draft, each feeling confident about their picks for the season. The bantering was a poorly disguised covering for their flirting. 

"How about a little side wager?" Jen asked, confident of her fantasy dream team.

"What do you have in mind?" Steve asked, taking the bait.

"What do you say every Tuesday morning we compare fantasy scores. The winner gets to select the restaurant that night for dinner; the loser pays. Steve couldn't resist the challenge, and the opportunity for 16 guaranteed weekly dates with his gorgeous co-worker. Jen knew exactly what she was proposing, and felt sure Steve would be paying for her tour of expensive restaurants around the city. Game on.

PREGAME

After two weeks into their side bet, Steve and Jen had each won a game, enjoying the spoils of a dinner at favorite restaurants at the expense of the other. Steve won the first game and picked an upscale steakhouse in the city. Jennifer selected an elite sushi restaurant for her first win, with almost continual rounds of sake shots delivered to their table. The increasing buzz from the sake and growing comfort with each other led to a conversation that turned up the competitive heat. 

"I can't wait for the New York rivalry next week," Jen said. "I love watching the Bills spank the Jets."

"What are you talking about?" Steve answered boisterously. "I hope you mean you love watching the Jets spank the Bills," he corrected.

"The Jets are a mess this season," she answered. "I'm from upstate. My Bills are going to own the Jets."

"You have no idea what you are talking about," Steve said. "I've followed the Jets all my life. This is their year, and they'll prove it against the Bills."

Jen threw back another shot of the clear Japanese drink and slammed the small glass on the table in front of her. The warm burn flowed down her throat while it's buzz pushed throughout her body. "You willing to back those words up with a wager?"

"You like these wagers," Steve observed.

"Either put up or shut up," my dad always says. "Words only matter if you have skin in the game. You willing to back it up?"

"Absolutely," Steve answered confidently. "Name it."

"Anything?" Jen asked.

"Anything. Just be ready to pay up," Steve chided back.

"I say we make it interesting then," Jen said, seeing an opportunity and feeling the buzz of Japanese liquid courage. "If I'm honest, there's only one thing I want, and it will be fun taking it from you."

"Name it," Steve said, "and I'm in."

"When I win, you become mine for the night," she said. "That's it."

"You wagering sex?" Steve asked, impressed with her boldness.

"I think of it more as you becoming my boy-toy to do and fuck with however I want all night with no restrictions."

"I see," Steve said. "So, if your Bills win then I become your sex slave for the night," he clarified. "Is that what you're proposing?"

"Those are your words," she answered with a coy smile, "but I like the sound of it." 

"And so, if the Jets win, you're ass and the rest of you is mine for the night?" he asked with an obvious glance up and down her perfect body.

"Hypothetically," she answered quickly. "But that's not going to happen. Just get ready for me to get my freak on."

"I'm in," Steve said, offering his raised glass for her to consummate the deal with a toast. The sake glasses clinked and were emptied.

Every interaction between Jen and Steve at work the rest of the week was charged with intense sexual anticipation. The friendly competition of the office fantasy football now paled in comparison to what was at stake in this one Sunday afternoon game. Both Steve and Jen couldn't resist daydreaming about what they would do with a victory. The night and the body of their opponent would belong to the winner. The New York State rivalry just escalated to a fever pitch between these two loyal fans.

Steve and Jen agreed that a hotel suite would provide a neutral location for their wager, each putting up half the cost in cash, with the winner promised reimbursement. They would also each bring clothes for work on Monday since the prize would be awarded from the moment the game clock ran out Sunday afternoon until sunrise Monday morning. 

GAME TIME

Steve and Jen both arrived in the hotel at noon in advance of the 12:25 kickoff for what would become their private version of ultimate fantasy football. They were both filled with pregame nerves and excitement. Jen came with her game face on, including football eye blacks painted under her eyes. She wore her favorite CJ Spiller Jersey tied up with a knot in back to display her midriff, a short blue skirt with a Bills' team logo and cowboy boots. She carried a thin garment bag with her dress for work and a small duffle bag filled with items she planned to use all night with her victory. Not to be out done, Steve arrived wearing his Mark Sanchez jersey and jeans with a Jets cap. They both admired the physique of the other, knowing one of them would have unhindered enjoyment of the other all night long. They opened the snacks and stocked the suite refrigerator with cold beer for the game, and beyond. 

"Too bad Sanchez is out," Jen smacked without delay as Steve turned the TV on. "Sucks to be a Jets fan right now without a decent quarterback," she added.

"We'll see," Steve said confidently. "Smith looks very promising."

"For an inexperienced rookie," she answered. 

Steve's face showed the blow of truth to her words. "Anything can happen in the NFL," he offered with a veneer of hope as he sat in the large chair across from the large flat screen on the wall.

Jen saw the opportunity to take advantage of his team's vulnerability. "It sure can," she said making herself comfortable on the large king size bed. "And a lot can happen because of it," she said smiling. 

Steve could only smile knowing Jen had elaborate plans for her anticipated victory that he would undoubtedly never forget. "The game hasn't even started yet and you are making plans."

"I say we add to the wager to make it even more fun during the game," she said, feeling a giddy pre-game confidence.

"What do you have in mind?" he asked curiously.

"I see no reason to wait until the game is over to begin our fun. Let's make every point count during the game. Anytime the opposing team scores, you have to remove one item of clothing."

"Sounds good," Steve agreed. "But a touchdown and field goal shouldn't count the same. How about a field goal means you choose what you take off, a touchdown means the other person chooses what you take off?"

"I like it," Jen agreed. "And.."

"And, what?" Steve asked.

"And anything uncovered is fair game for the other person to enjoy any way they want until the other team scores or we reach the end of a quarter."

"That does raise the stakes," Steve said. 

"So when you run out of clothes Loverboy, that just makes your entire body fair game for my enjoyment. Agreed?"

"Agreed," Steve said. "We have to seal the deal with a toast." Steve stood up from the chair to retrieve two beers from the refrigerator. He opened his bottle, secretly shook the other before handing it to Jen. He raised his bottle up to her for the toast to consummate the deal. Jen enthusiastically popped the top, causing the shaken bottle to immediately erupt into a geyser, spraying her in the face. She quickly sealed her lips around the top of the bottle as Steve laughed. 

Jen raised her lips from the bottle after drinking half of the foaming beer out of the bottle before it settled. "Funny," she said. "It won't be the last thing I suck off today," she promised. She tapped her bottle against Steve's in agreement. She wiped her face with a hand towel next to the bed. "Let the games begin."

FIRST QUARTER

The game started promptly with the Jets in early control. Steve shouted at the TV to encourage his team's 95-yard progression down the field. On the 12th play of the drive, rookie Geno Smith ran eight yards up the middle for a touchdown. Steve leaped from his chair in victory. The Jets put the first numbers on the board, allowing Steve to take off the first piece of clothing from Jen. 

"That Smith is not bad for an inexperienced rookie quarterback," Steve teased.

"Not bad, but it's still early," Jen answered. "What do you want me to take off?"

"I'll take your bra," Steve answered boldly. 

Jen was surprised. She assumed outside clothing would be removed first. "Oh, that's how you want to play," she said, conceding. She reached under her jersey to unsnap her bra, pulling the straps over each arm and pulling it down out of her jersey without revealing her tits. Feeling her bared tits against the inside of her jersey made her feel vulnerable but also steeled her competitive resolve. She threw her lacy bra across the room toward Steve. 

Steve took the opportunity of his team's score to walk over to the bed, next to Jen. 

"No touching anything still covered," she reminded. 

Steve leaned down and gently kissed her neck, just above the jersey. Cold chills covered her body from the touch of his lips. His tongue gently caressed her neck before moving his lips to hers. He gave her a gentle kiss. Her tight jersey did little to hide her aroused nipples. She smiled at his tender affection as he stood up to return to his chair. "This is off to a good start."

The rest of the first quarter progressed uneventfully, other than Jen and Steve each finishing two more beers, polishing off the first six-pack with chips and quac. Both teams failed to get close enough for another score before the first quarter ended.

SECOND QUARTER

The Bills began the second quarter continuing their drive down the field. The Jets defense held them back from another first down, forcing a 37-yard field goal attempt. To Jen's delight, the Bills scored their first three points to get on the board. 

"It's my turn," Jen said. "I'll take your underwear."

"So sorry," Steve corrected. "A field goal makes it my choice. You can have my shoes."

"Damn," Jen said. "At least we've got this started." Jen jumped up from the bed and sat on Steve's lap. She reciprocated his deep long passionate kiss. She could feel the movement of his firming member beneath her, which only encouraged her. She knew he would be hers soon enough. As she continued to kiss him, the Jets secured the ball again, but were held again to another field goal.

"Damn," Steve said. 

"Damn right," Jen said proudly. "It's not a touchdown, but with enough field goals, I'll have you stripped down in no time. What's it going to be this time?"

Steve took his hat off and put it on Jen's head sideways. "The hat works."

"That's not fair," she said. "The hat doesn't count."

"Damn right it does," he said. "It looks better on you anyway."

Jen threw the hat across the room. "Not in this life," she said.

"Maybe when I win I'll have you wear it all night as I enjoy the rest of you."

"Yeah, keep dreaming Lover. When I win I'll show you what real dreams feel like."

Jen and Steve grabbed another beer, knowing the next scores would begin to take their game to another level. The Bills kicked the ball to the Jets, who moved as far as mid-field in five plays and three first downs. With the next play, Geno Smith fired a pass deep right to Hill for a 51-yard advance into the end zone. 

"Touchdown!" Steve shouted. "That's what I'm talking about!"

"Damn it!" Jen shouted, knowing Steve would take full advantage of the score and selection. The beers helped her lowered inhibitions and concession. "What do you want?" she asked. 

"I'll take that jersey," he said. "There is way too much red, white and blue in here."

She was hoping he would choose to take her boots, but knew better. She felt fortunate she still had her skirt and panties. "Why don't you come over and take it off yourself," she volunteered with a seductive smile.

Steve wasn't going to miss the opportunity, knowing everything underneath would be his until the next score. She stood up and untied the knot in the back. Steve lifted the jersey over her head and tossed it across the room on top of his Jets cap. Her large round tanned breasts invited his touch. Her dark nipples stood ¾ of an inch erect, exposing her arousal. Steve kissed her as his hands cupped her tits. He slowly moved his lips down her neck and chest toward her waiting breasts. Jen moaned as she felt his mouth take her in, his teeth biting gently on her tender tall nipples as if begging for the attention. She sat on the bed and pulled him close between her legs, pressing as much of her large breasts into his hungry mouth. She felt his hands caressing the soft skin of her lower back and stomach. Steve savored the delicacy. 

Time passed quickly. Before she knew it, cheers from the TV announced another score. Steve and Jen quickly turned to the large screen to see a replay of a New York Jet field goal.

"Looks like they scored again," Steve said with a smile. "What's it going to be, or would you like me to pick?"

"I've got this," Jen said in disbelief. She couldn't believe she was down to her skirt, panties and boots, while Steve remained fully clothed except for his shoes and cap. Her decision was easy. She pulled her boots off and pushed them to the side. "Five seconds left in the quarter," she said with a smile. "You better enjoy what you can before halftime."

Steve admired the beauty of his colleague. With her body and beauty, the Bills would be proud to have her as a cheerleader. But not tonight. Steve gave her another long kiss while enjoying the softness of her exposed skin until the clock counted down to halftime.

Steve and Jen called room service up with sandwiches to wash down with another beer. 

"Great idea you had," Steve said cockily. 

"It's only going to get better," she promised.

"I can see that," he said.

"The games not over," she argued. The Jets won't have the endurance to finish. The Bills will make adjustments and it will be a different half.

"I like your confidence," he said. "The important question is what your endurance is like?" he bantered.

THIRD QUARTER

The third quarter started slowly, with neither team demonstrating significant halftime adjustments. Steve enjoyed the view of his competitor's exposed breasts and sexy body on the bed. Half way through the quarter his Jets finally built some momentum in a drive down the field. The Bills' defense prevented a third down conversion, but allowed the Jets to score an easy 34-yard field goal.

"Ah yes," Steve said. "Another Jets' score. It is getting to the point it doesn't really matter who picks what you take off," he said. 

Jen couldn't believe she was down to a choice between her short skirt and her thong. If she took her skirt off, her thong left nothing to the imagination. She might as well remove it all. If she took her thong off, her short skirt did little to cover her essentials. Seeing no choice, she reached under her skirt and pulled the tiny strings of her thong down her long tan legs and flung it at Steve. She felt the exposure of her snatch to the cool air in the room, barely covered by the tiny blue skirt bearing a small Buffalo Bills' team logo.

Steve couldn't help but admire how wet her panties were. "These are soaked," he said. He ran his tongue along the thin fabric. "Mmmm, so that's what's waiting for me?" 

"I need another beer," she said, feeling very vulnerable. As she bent over to pull the beer from the small refrigerator, her beautiful tight ass was fully exposed for his enjoyment.

"I think it's my turn to examine those stunning legs of yours," Steve said.

Jen laid back on the bed, and pushed her short skirt down as far as she could to cover her shaved snatch. She felt Steve's lips and tongue travel up her long legs toward the edge of her skirt. Cold chills covered her body from his tender attention. She couldn't help let out a soft moan. The anticipation over the last few days of this fantasy football rendezvous, and the slow stripping of her clothes, one Jets score at a time, tenderized her body to his gentle caress. She knew if he weren't careful, her body would be helpless to resist the impending orgasm.

Suddenly the television erupted with the cheers of another score. Only a minute and a half of the game had passed since the Jets' field goal. "Damn it," Jen thought in fear of another Jets' score that would strip her entirely for Steve's unlimited pleasure. She quickly looked up at the large screen. Relief poured over her at the surprise and delight of the Bills first score in the half.

"Finally!" she shouted. Steve looked up from his attention to her legs. "Buffalo field goal!" Jen had never been happier for her Bills to score. "What's it going to be?" she asked, eager to turn the sexual attention back on to her opponent. 

Steve pulled his jersey over his head and tossed it on top of the growing pile of clothes. She admired his chiseled body and six-pack abs. 

"Nice," she said. "Time for me to enjoy some skin. This is better than I imagined."

Jen kissed Steve and ran her hands up and down his abs, sneaking the tips of her fingers below the waistband of his jeans. She could feel his member growing again as she pushed her body against his. Her fingertips hit the tip of his penis stretching for escape from the top of his jeans.

"Ah, ah," he said. 

She lowered her lips to his chest and kissed his abs. "I have great plans for his body. I will certainly not let any of this go to waste." She pressed her warm breasts against the coolness of his skin. "Gawd you feel good," she confessed.

Just as she was getting lost in his body, she and Steve glanced at the television to watch the Bills' kicker send another football between the uprights.

"Damn!" Steve said in disbelief. "Another field goal."

Jen smiled with a broad satisfied smile. "Now we're talking," she said. "The game's turning around in the right direction and feeling a bit more even. What's it going to be?"

The decision was easy for Steve. All he had to offer were his jeans and boxers. He pulled his jeans down, careful to keep his boxers in place, before stepping out of each pant leg. 

Jen took in the view of Steve's muscular legs. She had never seen them before. They were always covered at work, but not this afternoon. She lusted at the benefits of his cross-fit dedication. "Damn, you are fine," she said, "and one more score, you are all mine." 
