 This story is posted on the Literotica website and the author does not give permission for it to be reposted or reprinted anywhere else without consent. There are 18 chapters to this saga and I strongly encourage you to read them continuously (at least the first time around). I think you will find it fun and funny at times, but don't be misled; this is not a warm and fuzzy romance novel. This story contains nefarious characters whose sole purpose is to get laid, regardless of whom they hurt in the process. The themes of non-consent, reluctance, and betrayal are woven throughout the varying topics of interracial sex, lesbian sex, and wife thieving. If these things appeal to you, I expect you will enjoy it, if they don't, you should read a different story. My hope is you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it. I encourage you to stay with it all the way through the epilogue as just about everyone gets what is coming to them in the end...

The first chapter could have been categorized as "First Time", but while Jenna's initial sexual foray is pretty hot, the remainder of the chapter is a prelude to other experiences she will endure over the course of the saga.

*****

Jenna Nielsen was in a good mood as she drove to her morning class at Studio Metamorphosis Pilates gym. She'd been instructing the early class the past two years and felt great about the strides being made by her students and friends. The Friday session was her favorite as all of her good friends attended.

The pretty blonde was also excited for the eventful weekend they had planned. Before she left the house, Jenna and her husband Ryan made final plans for the UCLA alumni party tonight and Cole Steele's celebratory bash on Saturday evening. As she cruised in her Audi SUV sipping a Starbucks latte, Jenna reflected on the past eight years since she and Ryan married following their graduation from UCLA. She smiled as she thought about the life they had built together in Pasadena.

Following graduation, the two of them went into real estate and were immediately successful. Two years ago, they assumed ownership of Ryan's father's firm and promptly changed the name from Nielsen Associates to Nielsen & Nielsen Real Estate Professionals, Inc. The business was never more successful than this past year.

In addition to their professional careers, Ryan's and Jenna's personal lives were filled with friends and family connections, social involvement, sports, and outdoor activities. They stayed in great shape and still worked out six days a week in addition to other activities like golf, tennis, racquetball, snowboarding and surfing.

The Nielsen's never missed a UCLA football or basketball home game and sustained lasting relationships with most of their friends from college. Ryan and Jenna also maintained an active sex life which they worked hard to keep fresh and exciting. It wasn't uncommon even after eight years of marriage for them to still make love six or seven days a week. The Nielsen's were one of those young couples that seemingly had it all.

However, over the past few years, a lack of fulfillment had crept into their lives, especially for Jenna. Their seemingly perfect life lacked the one thing they wanted most, children. Ryan was diagnosed with a low sperm count, and as a result they hadn't conceived for the past four years. They had already spent over $20,000 on fertility treatments as Jenna's biological clock ticked and the stress from their conception failures began to cause strife in their marriage. Ryan especially felt more tension in their relationship due to his reproductive inadequacies. Jenna loved her husband very much, but she questioned whether she would ever be truly happy unless she gave birth to children and experienced motherhood. She had those thoughts more frequently these days, but she hoped that strong faith would answer their parenthood prayers.

While she enjoyed her career and was very good in the real estate profession, her ultimate goal was to be a stay-at-home mom. Jenna loved children and was hopeful they would have four or five. But Jenna believed that a positive approach would yield success, so she focused on the good things in their marriage. In spite of their fertility issues, as Jenna's 30th birthday approached she reflected positively on all the good times from their college years and the many wonderful memories since.

*****

Ryan and Jenna met in the dorms their freshman year at UCLA. Neither had dated much in high school. Ryan had been too focused on sports, and Jenna while always cute, was a very late bloomer and viewed by most of the high school boys as a plain Jane.

Jenna turned eighteen in the spring of her senior year. Those boys who had ignored her in the past now regretted their decision to do so. Cute, plain Jenna filled out incredibly by the end of her final semester and wanted nothing to do with those boys now.

Her family went to Hawaii with friends following her graduation and her dad's best friend Mark spent the entire trip fantasizing about fucking the shit out his friend's stunning 18 year old daughter. The Hawaiian sun agreed with her as Jenna blossomed more that summer before she arrived at UCLA. When she made her way onto campus that fall, no one failed to notice Jenna Norris.

Ryan and Jenna were first attracted to each other at freshman orientation. Within weeks they were dating exclusively. They lost their virginity together following a Halloween beach party that fall.

Eighteen year old Ryan Nielsen, 6'-3" tall with tanned skin and So Cal beach blonde good looks, got lots of smiles from all the freshman girls. But in spite of his handsome appearance and the fact that he was a quarterback on the UCLA football team, he felt extremely fortunate to date the hottest girl in the UCLA dorms. To him, Jenna looked like a young Kelly Preston and the night he saw her naked for the first time was embedded in his memory for the rest of his life.

Jenna confessed to Ryan she'd been a late bloomer in high school and that she hadn't hit puberty until the summer before her junior year. She didn't really begin filling out until her senior year. Seeing her now, Ryan thought to himself that God had been very good to her since.

Jenna was now blessed with the kind of body that guys couldn't stop thinking about for a month after passing her on campus. At 5'-5" and stunningly beautiful, she was the envy of every girl in the Sunset Village dorms. Her beautiful piercing blue eyes, high cheek bones and full lips conspired to create an unforgettably beautiful face. And at 34-23-34 with perfect D-cup breasts, her spectacular 18 year old body got lots of looks from her envious female shower mates. They were all jealous that one girl could be blessed with so many amazing assets.

Jenna's natural wavy blonde hair flowed over her narrow shoulders and halfway down her back. Her legs and arms were thin, long and very well toned. She still went to gymnastics class three days a week for the tumbling work that she'd done since she was 8. Jenna inherited the round bubble butt that had probably attracted her dad to her mom many years ago, and the gymnastic work undoubtedly contributed to its rigid perfection.

Two months earlier, Ryan and his dad stood in line at registration when they both noticed a blonde girl with a perfect ass and gorgeous tanned legs in a tight pair of shorts. Ryan's dad said to him at the time, "Son, I think you are going to like it here. I know I'm looking forward to visiting on dad's weekend." That night Ryan's dad pounded his mom doggy style and all he could think about was the wavy blonde with the perfect ass and sexy athletic legs. Little did he know, she would become his daughter-in-law one day.

And while Ryan's dad fantasized about his future daughter-in-law's perfect ass, he hadn't been privy to her entire package. Standing behind her in line did not provide him with the angle to view her gorgeous face and amazing breasts.

As his son peeled off her shirt on the beach that Halloween night, Ryan finally got to see the tits he had fantasized about since he'd first met her weeks before. Straining to be released from their skimpy lace bra, Jenna's natural D-cups were absolutely flawless. As Ryan's trembling hands fumbled with the front bra clasp, he could see her large nipples poking through the thin material. He couldn't help but wonder how a girl this size could have such large perfect looking breasts.

When he got the clasp undone, he was treated to the sight of his life. Never in a magazine or video had he ever seen better breasts. Full, round, and perfectly shaped they stood out like they only slightly felt the effects of gravity. He stared for what seemed like five minutes before he reached out to touch them.

Immediately, Ryan couldn't get over the firmness and weight of each globe as he gently squeezed. He loved the way her nearly silver dollar-sized areolas and large nipples literally pointed toward his face as he gazed down on them. Jenna moaned as Ryan lightly touched her erect nipples. Ryan was the first boy to play with her breasts; she had touched them much the same way herself, but this was so much better.

Ryan quickly kissed her deeply and was reminded of her wet, soft lips and bubble gum tongue. She softly swirled it around in his mouth before pulling away and nibbling and lightly moaning in his ear. They slowly lay down on a beach towel as he kissed his way down her neck and chest before lightly licking her nipples as he softly squeezed her breasts. Ryan wanted this moment to last forever, but he couldn't stop imagining what it would feel like inside her tight virgin pussy.

Ryan now sucked her tits with more enthusiasm and ran his teeth lightly over her rock-hard nubs. He used both hands to bring them together so he could lick and suck them at the same time. Jenna made little moaning sounds as Ryan pleasured her amazing chest. As Ryan sucked her tits he lowered his hand and slid it over her pussy mound. He could feel the heat coming off as he moved his fingers over her tight shorts. He slipped his hand inside the band and was greeted by silky, sopping wet panties. He had fingered other girls in high school, but had never felt anyone so wet.

As Ryan rubbed his fingers over her soft pussy lips Jenna moaned and nearly jumped off the towel. Ryan didn't want to miss the opportunity so he quickly got up on his knees as Jenna lifted her ass to help him remove her shorts. The full moon accentuated the beauty that lay before him. A beautiful, large-breasted, 18 year old virgin with soaking wet panties was waiting to be taken. Ryan knew he would never forget that image for the rest of his life.

Ryan positioned himself between her legs and kissed his way up her thighs until Jenna was shaking with excitement. He slowly peeled her panties down her thighs and all the way to her ankles. He pulled the little soaked garment from her feet and kissed his way back up her trembling legs to her inner thighs. Ryan inhaled Jenna's scent and could no longer control himself; he quickly buried his face in her blonde box. Ryan had never performed orally, but had read and seen enough on the internet and in porn films, to know basically what to do. As he ran his fingers through her bush, he licked her labia in long, slow strokes; Jenna lifted her ass off the towel to meet his tongue. "Ryan your tongue feels so good, please don't stop!"

Ryan loved the scent and taste as he lapped at her protruding pouty lips. He reached up and massaged her tits as he used the thumb on his other hand to gently push back the hood and run his tongue over her swollen clitoris. Jenna's nub was rock hard; she moaned and grabbed his hair with both hands and basically ground her pussy against his face. Ryan loved that she seemed so horny.

He licked her clit excitedly before she enthusiastically exploded. Jenna grunted loudly and contorted her way through an intense orgasm. A little bit of cum actually squirted out as she lifted off the towel. The ejaculation took Ryan by surprise, but he lapped it up and kissed his way up her body to her mouth. Ryan wasn't sure if Jenna would be grossed-out to taste her own cum, but she passionately kissed him and hungrily swirled her tongue around in his mouth. The answer to that question was a resounding "no"!

The next thing out of Jenna's mouth blew his mind, "Now that you've tasted my cum, I want to suck your cock and taste yours!" Ryan quickly stood as Jenna frantically unbuckled his belt. She rubbed her hand over the bulge and fumbled with the button. Once undone, she hurriedly unzipped his shorts and pulled them down to his ankles. She did the same with his boxer shorts. The gorgeous blonde stared at his hard cock as it stood facing the stars.

Jenna reached out and nervously stroked it with her trembling fingers. She had never felt a penis before; Jenna was amazed at how hot it felt in her hand as she slowly squeezed it while admiring its hardness. At about 6 1/2 inches, Ryan's cock was above average in length and girth; it felt really big in her inexperienced little hand. She stroked it slowly as she alternated between staring at it and looking into Ryan's rolled-back eyes. Jenna eventually worked her way to the head and softly squeezed. She was fascinated by the way it felt, "How could it be so hard and so soft at the same time?" She saw a large drop of liquid form at the hole at the top. Jenna instinctively ran her fingers over the tip and spread the slippery stuff around on Ryan's head and shaft. The handsome QB had gotten a few hand-jobs in high school, but never by anyone who looked like Jenna Norris. He groaned as she worked the pre-cum up and down his dick.

Jenna reached out with her other hand to massage his balls. She wasn't sure exactly why, but she was infatuated with men's testicles. Jenna had seen a few porn movies and she always got aroused when the film focused on the actor's balls and when cum squirted from his cock. She slowly massaged Ryan's testicles and instantly felt herself getting moist. She loved the way his soft scrotum felt in her hand. Ryan's balls were about the size of small walnuts. "I like the way your balls feel Ryan, do you want me to put them in my mouth?"

"Yes please," he groaned as she brought her mouth close enough for him to feel her breath. She stuck out her tongue and licked his sack. His knees nearly buckled as she took one and then the other between her lips.

Jenna pulled away, spit on his shaft and stroked it with her other hand before returning to lick his entrancing nuts. She sensed that she was bringing him close to climax. The erotic experience was having an effect on her too; the thought of him shooting his cum on her face was arousing her to no end. She licked her way up and down the shaft and when she put it back in her mouth, it was too much for Ryan to take, "Jenna if you don't stop now, I'm going to cum!"

"Ryan please cum for me, I want to see it shoot out." She swirled her tongue wildly around the head and massaged his shaft quickly with her hand as he grunted.

"Here it comes!" Jenna frantically stroked his cock as she pulled back so she could watch. Ryan closed his eyes as the first stream spewed an inch or so from the head and down her hand. The second shot landed on her chin and neck. She then lowered her face as the last couple of streams dribbled across her lips and into her mouth.

Ryan looked down to see his cum partially coating her beautiful lips and chin. He felt an incredible sense of satisfaction, but he clearly wasn't expecting what else he witnessed. Jenna was trembling and shaking from the effects of her own orgasm. He couldn't believe it, but she had actually climaxed without physical stimulation. His stunning girlfriend was panting heavily, but still smacked her lips together and lapped up most of the rest of his jis. She took his cock back in her mouth and licked it clean. "That was amazing Jenna, I never thought a blow-job would be that good!"

It had been every bit as good for her; she already looked forward to doing it again. And while Jenna didn't love her first taste of semen, it wasn't nearly as bad as most of her girlfriends had said. Plus the excitement she got from satisfying him and watching him spew his load had initiated a new spark within her. She realized quickly she really liked giving head.

They lay on the towel kissing for several minutes before Ryan reached down and massaged Jenna's tits again. Her nipples were hard immediately; she sucked on his tongue as it entered her mouth. Jenna's hand found its way to Ryan's hard cock; she stroked him with long, slow strokes as he tweaked and gently pulled on her sensitive nipples. Suddenly, Jenna looked into Ryan's eyes and whispered, "Ryan I want you to make love to me, please fuck me tonight!"

Ryan didn't need to be asked twice! He nervously climbed on top and kissed her neck and around her tits. He clumsily grabbed his shaft and brought the head to the entrance of her virgin hole. He rubbed it up and down her slippery slit as they both trembled with excitement. Ryan kept this up until Jenna nearly begged him to put it inside. Ryan awkwardly guided it to the entrance and pushed. After encountering resistance, her hymen popped and the head of his cock buried its way inside. She shrieked in pain. He immediately asked if he should pull out.

"No, I will get used to it in a few minutes, please just go really slow," Jenna urged. Ryan tantalizingly worked it into her incredibly tight virgin hole. His beautiful girlfriend was in obvious discomfort, but encouraged him to keep going. He couldn't believe how tight she felt given the wetness that was leaking from her loins. Eventually Ryan felt his balls bottom out against her ass. "I can't believe how big it feels Ryan, please keep it there while I get used to it."

It felt to him like he was in a velvet vise, as her tight wet tunnel performed unfair ministrations on his cock. When Jenna gave him the go ahead, he very slowly pulled back an inch or two before pushing back in again. The feeling was indescribable as Jenna moaned and emitted guttural catlike sounds. Feeling the wonderful sensation engulfing his cock and hearing her moans was too much for Ryan to take. "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum Jenna!"

She screamed, "Ryan I'm not on the pill, you need to pull it out!" He barely had time to do just that before his cum squirted onto her blonde bush and stomach. Jenna watched excitedly as his white runny paste coated the area just above her mound. She reached down, scooped some his load onto her fingers and enticingly brought it up to her heaving breasts. She slowly massaged the cream around her gorgeous tits.

This was one of the most erotic things Ryan had ever seen! He lay beside her and apologized for cumming so fast, but she said not to worry as it was a little painful for her anyway. They both lay there under the moonlight, basking in the glow of their first time fuck.

In the following weeks, they fucked like rabbits every chance they got. Ryan quickly realized that Jenna was willing to try just about anything in bed and it didn't take her long to get really good at anything new. He also came to the incredible realization that his hot girlfriend was a borderline nymphomaniac. She constantly wanted sex and was the one to initiate it nearly every time they made love.

Jenna loved to give him head and like that first night, he witnessed several occasions when she came when he shot his load in her mouth or on her face. Most of the time she would do it without physical stimulation but as her confidence grew, she wasn't afraid to play with herself as his climax approached. On a few occasions, her cum squirted from her slit as it did that first night. The two young lovers fucked in every position they could think of, but Jenna especially loved it from behind as Ryan would hold her hanging tits or play with her clit. One night he inserted a finger in her butt as she neared her climax, the sensation was indescribable and she experienced one of her intense squirting orgasms. Ryan made a mental note to do that a lot more often!
