 Our story thus far: As I young college student I had been"lured" downstairs by a British single mom who lived in the apartment below me. She had expressed an interest in me, and I had reciprocated. Unfortunately our noisy lovemaking had awakened her son who was sleeping in the apartment's only bedroom. This installment concludes the story that began in Knock Three Times, and continued in All About The O.

The crying had stopped only to be replaced by soft cooing sounds. I walked quietly over to the bedroom door and looked in. Sharon hadn't turned the light on when she entered the room. Now by the half light filtering in from the kitchen, she was patiently pacing the floor with her son in her arms gently murmuring words of comfort to coax her child back to sleep.

"What's his name?" I asked from the door.

"Jared." She smiled. 

She gave me a quick nod of her head to let me know it was okay for me to enter the bedroom. Smarter people than I have written about the bond between a mother and child, and, being a science major, I hadn't read any of it. But it didn't matter. That night the primeval maternal bond was nearly tangible – I could tell she was choosing to share a very important part of her life with me. 

All babies are beautiful and Jared was no exception. As I joined her at the far end of the bedroom, I could see that the little fellow had just about fallen back to sleep. Sharon laid him gently back into his crib. She then discarded her blouse, the only piece of clothing she had on and placed it in the laundry basket near the closet. 

She was gorgeously naked. The shaft of light from the half opened door, teased me with a tantalizing mix of light, skin and shadow. Lying down on the neatly made bed, Sharon motioned me to join her. I removed my clothing and climbed onto the bed. 

Naked in the darkness and face to face, an awkward silence developed between us. I wanted to make love to her. God! I wanted to make love to her. I wanted to feel the warmth of her body surrounding and stoking my rock hard cock. But I had the feeling that there was more at stake here - more than just sex. I didn't just want to know her body, I wanted to know her. 

"Who's Jared's father?"

"A stupid git."

I raised an eyebrow and gave her a look to let her know she wasn't going to get off that easily. 

"It was at a party. I was drunk and lonely. He was drunk and horny. We made the perfect couple" She said without a hint of apology. 

"One thing led to another", Sharon giggled self-consciously. "Well, when we finally sobered up we realized we couldn't stand each other. By that time I was 'in a family way' as the old saying goes. Oh, he offered to pay for an abortion. Quite the gentleman he was, But I turned him down flat. I believe in a Woman's Right to Choose and I chose life for my baby." She looked over at the crib against the wall. "Could you do otherwise?"

"No, No I couldn't." I said. 

I furrowed my brow.

"What about me? Aren't you afraid I'll turn out to be a stupid 'git'"?

"Heavens! Never!" She said. "I already know a good deal about you, Steve. The worst I have heard about you is that you are honest, hardworking and considerate." She rolled over to the far side of the bed where she could reach my discarded jeans. "I'll bet you even have a rubber or two in the pocket of your jeans. Probably grabbed them on the way down here tonight 'just in case', right"?

I blushed (yes, even though we were both lying there naked, I blushed) as I snatched my jeans from her. "Well, a guy can never be too sure. I like to be prepared."

"Just my point.", her eyes smiled at me through the darkness, "A git wouldn't give a damn, he'd figure if I didn't want to get knocked up again, then it would be my job to do something about it." 

"So, I'm considerate. Is that a sin?"

"No, it's a blessing." Sharon's face grew closer to mine. Soon our lips touched. As we kissed gently, I felt her hand take my jeans from my grasp and toss them on the floor. 

"You won't need these tonight." She said, coming up for air.

"What about..."

"Maybe I want to get knocked up."

"But..."

"Maybe I want it to be your's if I do get knocked up."

I pulled back and raised a skeptical eyebrow.

"I'm not trying to trap you or anything like that." She smiled a tender smile. "I just know what guys say about those things. I just want this night to be as special for you as it is for me." Still, I hesitated. I was unsure. On the one hand, I didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth, on the other hand I was taught to believe that if something seemed too good to be true, it probably was.

"Look, lad." Sharon said in mock exasperation, raising herself up on her elbow, "Not to be indelicate about this, but it is not exactly the right time for me to get pregnant."

"You're not on your...", I sputtered.

"Gawd, no!" Sharon laughed. "After what we've done so far tonight I would think that you would have noticed something like that."

"No, my monthly 'visitor' isn't here, but 'e is just around the corner, mate. Now, no more talking or you'll miss your chance and end up having to jack off for a week or more before you get to fuck me."

I smiled and kissed her gently on the lips.

"Not fuck, make love."

I'm not a prude. I have to admit that it does turn me on when a girl talks dirty, and there is something exciting about the way British women say the word "fuck", but I felt that what we were doing was more than just, as gray haired old Father Xavier called it in our high school biology class, "mutual masturbation". Something was happening here other than sex, and I had a good feeling about it. 

"Hmmmmm," she purred, "'make love', I like the sound of that." 

"But", I said reluctant to break the moment, "We can't do it here. You woke little Jared up from all the way in the kitchen. You're sure to wake him in here!"

"You're right." She sighed. "Come on."

With that she took my hand and led me to the bathroom. Like the rest of the apartment, it was a carbon copy of mine, just a sink, a commode and a shower stall. She closed the door before she turned on the light and then turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature of the water. 

"Let's get wet!" Casting me a "come hither look" over her shoulder, she stepped into the shower. 

"But what if the baby wakes up? You won't be able to hear him."

She pointed to the baby monitor hanging from a hook on the wall near the sink. 

"We'll be able to hear him, and, hopefully, he won't be able to hear us." She took my hand and coaxed me into the shower with her. 

The water was deliciously warm and it didn't take long for the mirror over the sink to fog up. We kissed - gently first, with just our lips and gently explored each other's bodies with our fingers. I purposefully avoided touching her breasts and her pussy as she ran her fingers over my shoulders along my arms, down my back and ended up gently massaging my ass. The shower stall was so small that her nipples brushed lightly against my chest while my very stiff cock rested restlessly against her belly. 

As her hands finally settled on my ass and started to massage it, I lowered myself down enough to let the head of my cock find what it had wanted all evening. Then I straightened myself up sliding my rod into her cunt in a single deliberate thrust until the full length of it was buried deep inside her. 

Sharon kissed me and from then on things were sort of a blur. It was like an explosion. I had fully intended to stretch things out as long as we could, but after only a couple of deep thrusts into her pussy, she climaxed. Boy did she climax! It felt as if a hand inside of her was jerking me off. I tried to get a rhythm going, but the combination of her orgasm and my thrusting sent me right over the edge. I felt my cock shudder as it filled her with cum. 

It all happened so fast she didn't even have time to "get vocal" and when we finally came down and got out of the shower to dry ourselves off, we could her little Jared's soft even breathing over the baby monitor. We didn't say much, but then there wasn't much that needed to be said. 

There was no question as to where I was going to sleep for what was left of the night. Sharon had a double bed while I only had a single (it left more room in my bedroom for a desk and bookshelves). We slept together that night, and every night since. That night, I found something I didn't even know I was looking for.

Some people thank God for unanswered prayers. These days, whether it is when Sharon is kissing me gently on the cheek as I head out the door to work from our house in the suburbs or I'm taking Jared to soccer practice (he's 8 now and has a sister on the way), I thank God for answering prayers I didn't even know I had prayed. 

Fin