 After my first visit to the strip club, I could barely wait to go back. I spent more time examining websites to figure out which dancers were the ones who gave the nastiest and sexiest dances. The more I read, the more it was clear that I had chosen the perfect club to visit the first time. 

The club was outside the main city in an industrial suburb where the local rules were not as strict, or certainly not enforced. They had secluded VIP rooms for private dances and all kinds of nasty fun could go down. That was definitely my experience the first time there and I was eager to return, since my wife was headed out of town on business. 

On the website, I picked out a few girls that had the right kind of ratings – they are willing to perform "extras" in the booth for additional money. The club was busiest at night, but the daytime girls were often the raunchiest, and that was exactly what I wanted. I even jotted down the names of the girls I wanted to see – Lexi, an exotic girl who was wild in the back booths and Remy a waify white girl who liked to get on top and ride. I had to adjust my growing hard-on as I read the details and prepared to hit the club that afternoon. 

I showered and made sure I shaved my balls and the base of my cock. It was easy since I was so achingly hard thinking about what was to come at the club. I slipped on a pair of dress pants, since I had read that many girls found it too rough to grind on denim. Hopefully the girls would not be grinding on the outside of my pants for too long. I skipped the underwear and put on a casual shirt. In a few minutes I was in the car and on my way to the club.

The parking lot was partially full as I arrived around 2:30. As I got out of my car I spotted a dancer wheeling a large suitcase into the club – dressed casually in low-rise jeans that showed off her body. My erection returned as I saw the edge of her thong underwear peeking out of her pants. I would probably see this woman completely naked inside, but there was a special charge to seeing a pretty girl's undies on the street.

As I paid to get in, I asked the doorman about the two names I had picked off the website – Lexi and Remy. Neither girl was here, but they might be in later. I was disappointed, kicking myself for not bringing a longer list or checking out the schedules of the girls I wanted to see. I went inside – my eyes overwhelmed by the sudden darkness.

I sat down with my back against the wall as I tried to remember what the website had recommended about where to sit for the best view of the stage and being in the right traffic spot to pick the right girl for a lap dance.

The waitress brought me a drink and I admired her tits as she bent low to give me my change. She stayed bent a moment longer than she had to, working me for a tip. I slipped her a dollar extra and she smiled and swayed her hips as she went back to the bar. I loved the feeling of having all the time in the world and being able to choose any girl I wanted. The thought that most girls would get really nasty in the booth was an extra bit of excitement and I found my cock pressing against my pants again.

Now a dancer came past, a statuesque black girl who said her name was Crystal. She was wearing a shimmering metallic skirt and a silver halter top that showed off her full, round breasts. Without asking she sat on my lap and I was instantly overwhelmed by her soft skin and vanilla scent. She whispered in my ear about how hot she was and if I were to buy some VIP dances, I would definitely enjoy my time. I knew it was not smart to buy dances from the first girl that approached me, but there was definitely something special about this one.

Her offer was tempting, but I said that I had just arrived and was not quite ready to pull the trigger. Rather than making Crystal run off to another customer she only worked me harder. She adjusted her top, and she ended up making one her chocolate brown nipples stick out. She made an "oops, how did that happen" face as she wiggled deeper into my lap. I was liking this girl more and more.

As Crystal sat on rigid dick she leaned close to me and whispered more sexy words in my ear. Her exposed nipple brushed along my cheek as she sat back up – riveting all my attention on her amazing tits. She acted like she had just noticed her top and fixed it – hiding her nipple again, claiming that she could get in trouble for having her top off while not on stage. This was all part of her game of teasing me, and it was definitely working. The waitress came by to ask if I wanted to buy Crystal a drink and I said yes – making her wiggle around on my throbbing shaft even more.

When the waitress came back, I had to reach into my pocket for some money – so Crystal got up and sat on the chair next to me. I tipped the waitress again and Crystal said that we would let her know if we wanted anything else – essentially telling the girl to leave us alone. I wondered where this was going as I looked over at Crystal and she sucked on the straw for her drink. Her lips were soft and moist – and I could not look away. This was all a game, but I was having a great time.

Just then, I felt her hand on my thigh. Crystal slid her chair closer and put her soft palm right on the uncomfortable bulge in my pants. This was definitely no accident and her eyes locked with mine as she carefully moved my shaft so it could stand up straight. I had to stifle a groan and I looked around – suddenly feeling very exposed in the middle of the club.

Crystal ran her fingers up and down the length of my cloth covered cock – teasing and rubbing at the same time. She seemed unconcerned that we would be spotted as she pretended to watch one of the other dancers on stage. Her thumb reached around my shaft and she gripped the whole thing in her hand. I squirmed in my seat and the front of my pants rode down – leaving the head of my cock just a fraction of an inch from peeking out over the waistband. Crystal smiled at my arousal/discomfort as she toyed with my aching shaft. I wondered where this was going until ...

The DJ called out Crystal's name and she was up next on the stage. She looked at me with theatrical disappointment and said she had to go. She gave my cock one last squeeze, rubbing her thumb inside the waistband of my pants and brushing against the skin of my cock head. I lurched in my chair and she smiled again – knowing she had me right where she wanted me. Crystal headed back stage and I tried to regain my composure.

There were some other dancers working the room – trying to get customers to take them in the back for lap-dances. One approached me and robotically asked if I wanted a dance. Before I could even look at her I reflexively said no – her manner was so much less appealing than Crystal's. My swollen cock had subsided a bit as a new song started and the DJ announced Crystal was coming to the stage. I got up and joined two other customers at the tip rail.

Crystal came out and did all the stripper moves – slowly peeling off the skirt she was wearing to show off her ass in a matching silver thong. At the table, I had though that she was possibly a bit overweight, due to the skirt (especially compared to the tiny outfits the other dancers were wearing). But as Crystal stripped down I could see that she was very fit and had a full, round ass. My erection was back for the fiftieth time that day.

One of the other customers was throwing out singles on the stage and attracting lots of Crystal's attention. She peeled off her top – reveling her incredible tits to the big tipper. At this point, I though the spell had been broken. Just then, Crystal moved over in front of me and leaned in close – pressing her now naked breasts into my face and whispering, "As soon as I come off stage, I'm gonna take you in the back and suck your dick." That was incredibly hot, to have this gorgeous woman tell me that in the middle of the club.

Crystal finished up her set and scooped up her tips before going back into the dressing room. I returned to my seat at the back of the club and in a few moments (after fending off one more mechanical "wannadance" girl) Crystal came out of the back – in a ultra short black mini skirt and a tiny top that barely held her breasts in check. She held out her hand and I got up to follow her to the back, VIP section of the club.

Crystal led me past rows of booths (mostly empty) to one in the corner. I slid into the seat and she set her purse on the floor as she pulled the curtain closed – tucking the fabric around the edge of the doorway. Crystal turned to look at me and reached up under her skirt – pulling down a tiny pair of black panties while never breaking eye contact with me. I moved to adjust my bent and swollen cock, but Crystal chided me – saying that my dick was hers and only she would touch it. The first song of my "dance" began and Crystal went to work.

She moved forward, rubbing her leg along the front of my pants. My cock felt like it was tied in a knot and I grimaced in discomfort. Crystal saw this and kneeled down between my feet reaching out to straighten my cock again. I sighed with pleasure as the pressure released. Crystal was clearly enjoying the control she had over me and she reached behind her – untying the knot in her top. Her breasts spilled free – and my hands reached out, cupping them without me even consciously controlling them.

The skin of her breasts was soft and warm – flawless except for a small tattoo over her heart. I could tell that her breasts had been augmented, but the look was perfect on her body. I tugged on her stiffening nipples between my thumbs and forefingers – making her moan in pleasure like I had been. Between my legs my cock throbbed on it's own and Crystal looked down as ...

We could both see the head of my shaft just peeking out – the tip moist with pre-cum. Crystal whispered that she would blow me for a specified price. I would have probably agreed to any amount at this point, but her offer was well within the other prices reported on the websites I had been reading. I nodded agreement and she reached out for my fly.

Crystal tugged down my zipper – my cock standing up straighter with every tooth that unhooked. Crystal noted that I was not wearing underwear as she pulled my pants down and I lifted my hips so my dick was finally completely free. Crystal cooed and oohed as she leaned close to examine my throbbing member. She gently touched my balls and complimented me on shaving. I had to consciously not thrust my dick at her face and hand – I was so eager to cum.

Crystal ran her hands up both my thighs – still not touching my pulsating cock. She extended a single finger and pressed under the glans of my cock – pushing it flat against my belly. That single digit felt incredible, but it was only a prelude for her to lean forward and plant kisses on my bare balls. I moaned as she sucked on the loose skin of my sac – pulling first one ball and then the other into her mouth. I was so turned on – the fact that I was in a club and had just met this girl making it even hotter. She nibbled and licked on the base of my shaft – moaning into the smooth, shaved skin.

Crystal sat up and looked in my eyes – betraying that she was turned on as well. I was gulping air through my mouth as she leaned back down and feasted on the spot where by balls met my cock. She worked up my shaft, inch by inch and then lifted her mouth off my cock. I shuddered, wondering if she would ever suck me – then she placed her mouth over the crown of my cock. My head went back and a moan rumbled deep in my chest.

Her lips worked lower on the shaft and I looked down to see she had slipped a condom over my dick with her mouth. It felt so good, I could barely tell. Her fingers pulls the rubber all the way down as she started to work her lips over my shaft. She drooled saliva onto my cock and pumped her hand up and down. Crystal's eyes were locked onto my cock or my eyes – revealing that she was enjoying this as well.

This was an exquisite blow-job. The gorgeous chocolate skinned dancer was on her knees in the back of the club – sucking my cock with intensity and enthusiasm. Her tongue flickered around the head of my dick and my eyes closed down to slits. The pleasure was almost overwhelming. Crystal looked into my eyes and asked, "Are you ready to cum for me?"

Her lips wrapped back around my cock and I responded, thrusting my cock deeper into her mouth. She took her hands off my shaft and placed them on my thighs – leaving just her mouth in contact with my electrified cock. I reached out to grab her head and started to thrust into her mouth. She moaned, but I couldn't really hear. I growled in ecstasy as I pumped my cock into her open, willing mouth and ...

I started to cum. My head tilted back and I struggled to keep my eyes open. I wanted to maintain the visual as Crystal looked up at me – her eyes wide as I pumped my massive load into the condom. Her mouth kept working as I felt the waves of orgasm pulse through my body. I let go of her head and leaned back in the seat – completely spent.

Crystal got up and grabbed some napkins from her purse. She gently tugged off the rubber, knotting it so the contents would not spill. She wrapped up everything in more napkins and tucked it into a trashcan in the corner of the booth. She crawled up next to my body and planted a kiss on my cheek. I knew she had just sucked my cock, but I had to kiss her back and our tongues met for a moment. I pulled up my pants – still in the afterglow of the amazing cum I had just had.

I pulled out the cash and paid Crystal as she opened the curtain to let the bouncers know our "dance" was over. Without another word, Crystal gave me a sexy smile and walked back towards her dressing room as I stumbled towards the exit door and the blazing sunlight outside the club.