 I wanted to reach out for so long. Even though I was the one to say goodbye, late at night, lying in bed, I would remember his mouth, his hands, and the way he made me feel. Our affair had been a mixture of uncontrollable chemistry, explored fantasies, explosive orgasms, and guilt. I missed the intoxication of the sensory overload.

When he moved so far away for a new job, I knew that it was time to say goodbye, but my mind immediately shot to him like an arrow after hearing my boss discuss my next business trip.

"On Monday, you are flying to Albuquerque to meet with a potential investor."

The elicit scene ran through my head: tied up, fucked beyond measure, pushed past my limits of pain, flying into subspace and its euphoric orgasm. And then the aftermath of just holding each other and being close, making love slowly, once more, just before the dawn.

"Im sorry, did you say Albuquerque?"

And then the movie in my head jumped to how I broke it off: New Year's, early morning hours past midnight, I sent him a text while my husband slept in the other room.

I wish you everything you could ever hope for, but I must say goodbye.

It was a year since we'd seen each other and while I still craved his voice, his touch, his commands, the guilt of my betrayal lessened daily and I could feel the flow of life getting back to normal. At night, when I closed my eyes in bed, the memories of his control over my body, fingers deep in my pussy, telling me not to come, as I soared higher and higher but desperate not to disappoint him, became part of my dreams.

Albuquerque. Of all the places I could have travelled to for work, I was instructed to go to Albuquerque, 650 miles away. Just when I had gotten my life back, just when I had regulated him to a memory.

Three days. The first day I met with the investors, reviewed their proposal line by line - which I never do - surprised myself by asking to see their warehouse in person, when I knew all I was going to see was what was already on paper in their inventory logs. I focused on work, I tried not to look at my watch without offending them and when our dinner was complete I headed back to the hotel. I opened my door, and went to my computer to finish up some late night tasks. But everything reminded me I was in his town, an email with his first name (but not his last), the wall art with the color of his eyes, even an internet news article with an inside joke we shared.  Then I was in Stalker 101. I started to map the location of his address. How far away was he living from the hotel? What bars or restaurants were close to his home? I searched his Facebook profile, looking for clues. He had joined an off-road biking club? Who was the girl kissing him in the photo? Had he moved on? Who was in his life now? Did he even think of me?

I started writing a text, and then stopped. What was I doing? I couldn't put my marriage at risk because of this trip to Albuquerque.

The next morning I woke up groggy, my orgy of stalking had made me restless, horny, and agitated. I went to the sink to wash my face, brushed my teeth and thought about the day ahead. We had another day full of meetings and spreadsheets. My breasts seemed extra sensitive, as if someone played with them the night before. My pussy ached. How was I going to make it through this day?

During meetings and negotiations, while the investor droned on about the partnership, my foot nervously tapped under the conference table. In the back of my mind, I knew every minute meant the timer was running out. I would be going home tomorrow. We ended our last meeting late and I declined another dinner out, with a fake yawn, claiming I needed to rest before my early flight back home. Back in my hotel room, I ordered room service and a bottle of wine. After finishing the first glass, I found myself pacing the room, surprised to look down to see my phone in my hands. I needed to be strong. How could I physically throb for this so much? I had a job to do, and this crummy hotel wasn't the place for this type of thing anyway. I kept sitting down and then getting back up to pace again.

On my second glass of wine, I finished the text message I started last night: Hotel Chaco,1260, 9pm, want to see you 

And hit send.

And as I feared, I swung up to the clouds with excitement "OMG he is coming" and descended into despair with fears of "what will I do if he doesn't?" I hurried to shower, shave my legs, do my hair, and put on the lace panties I had with me. I was traveling for work, so I opted for a white button down and no bra. I sipped on another glass of wine, and tried to settle my breathing. What did I just do?

At 9:03, I jumped a little at the knock at the door. "He's here!" I whispered to myself. As I opened the door, I was glued to the spot looking at him. His eyes were bright with anticipation and he also seemed breathless.

"May I come in?" The deep voice that had haunted my dream seemed to spark an immediate reaction, my panties were consumed with wetness.

"Yes, of course,"

He entered the room stiffly and stood in the middle of my suite near the small sofa. He stared at me and I stared back. I sensed he was battling with himself. Was it hurt or anger? His eyes went bleak, as he stared at me. "Why am I here?"

My shoulders sagged. Maybe this was a mistake.  "I couldn't stay away." He grabbed me by the neck, holding me at arms length. He tightened his hold slightly, when he looked down and realized what I was wearing. One of the hands around my neck gently pulled my collar open across my collar bone. Giving him a glimpse of my bare breasts beneath.

His other hand shot into my shirt, cupped my breast, and flicked the tight nipple with his thumb. I groaned. He groaned, "you are so fucking beautiful." and pulled me toward him for a deep kiss. His hands travelled down my back, following the curve of my spine and over the globes of my ass, skimming below the hem of my shirt, hovering there, for a split second. His hands covered the back of my legs as he reached under the fabric of my shirt tails. His hands grabbed my ass cheeks, covered in lace and kneaded the flesh. His hands lifted me up against him, pressing his body into min and he groaned into my mouth. He devoured me with his hands, he devoured me with his mouth and tongue.

He broke away, panting, pulling me to the room's sofa and pushed me down on the cushions. I sat in front of him, holding his hand, waiting, while he squeezed it. Heat, hunger, anger, and longing seemed to be in his grip. With a sudden jerk, he pulled me face down across his lap. I moaned his name in utter relief as he caressed and kneaded my ass with his hands. I said his name again. I wasn't sure what else to say. Slowly, he drew down my lace panties so they rested just below the top crease of my thighs and then said one word, "Count."

The first slap landed with a loud sound. I stiffened in surprise at the contact, I almost came right there.

"One," The sting on my left cheek turned hot just as I felt the next blow land on my right one.

"Two."

The blows didn't land in the same spot each time. Blow, caress, blow, caress, was the rhythm.

"Five." I knew what to say now.

He moved from cheek to cheek and from top to bottom warming and pinking my entire backside. I was in a daze: aroused, embarrassed, and needy. Panting, struggling to stay still, not sure if to get away or rise up for more. He was watching my pale skin turn pink and eventually red from the repeated blows. I decided as my ass warmed and colored, the embarrassment faded from the cheeks on my face, the only color there was due to my need for more.

"Nineteen."

Finally he landed a blow in the center of my legs across my pussy. I buried my head in the crease of the couch and screamed into the cushions.

"Twenty!"

He roughly pushed his hand between my legs. Pushing my panties further down, he plunged his fingers between my lips without mercy and without resistance because I was so wet. He groaned at the contact. Honestly, I just wanted to be held at that point, my nipples were tight at the intrusion when he threw me against the arm of the couch, face first, and scrambled for his belt buckle and zipper, "Tell me you want this." "I want this!!" and arched my back with my ass exposed and my shirt fallen around my torso, he surged up behind me. Cleanly and swiftly entering me, we both gasped at that first entry. The heat and fullness had everything inside me clenching and then soaring. I came quickly.

Reaching forward with one hand grabbing a shoulder and the other grabbing my hip, I felt him pound into me with all his strength. His hips curled at the end of each thrust, making his pelvis shift and his cock hit me in a way that made my orgasm go on and on. He owned me.

Then he shuddered and collapsed on top of me. I woke up with him draped over me. He was still inside me, his cum leaking out around his softening cock. I felt warm and safe.

He took a big breath and sighed. I thought he was going to say something, but he just pulled out, brushed back my hair, kissed me and whispered against my mouth, "You are everything I ever wanted."

He led me by the hand into the walk-in-shower and turned on the hot water. I no longer felt shy being fully naked in his presence. But his hand reached out to caress my hip. My nipples tightened as his fingers ran past the side of my breast and up my collar bone. I did not want to talk and ruin the moment. He was with me, finally.

I pulled him flush against me under the spray. His lips and the water consumed me. He broke my hold and his eyes traveled from my face, blinking from the hot water, down to my chest, and downward. His hand followed, blindly, touching each body part.

He placed a small bar of soap on my my collar bone. I blushed and bit my lip, then he moved his soapy hand across my chest, shoulders and down each arm. He turned me around, moved my hair off my nape, and soaped my back. I felt cherished by his attention. Wanting more, I leaned into his hands, which then slipped around me from behind, each taking a breast, kneading and stroking the soft orbs. I movd against him, as he made sure every spot was cleaned.

It occurred to me that he wanted to touch every single part of my body as a way to reconnect. My body tingled after each stroke of his hand. In my mind, he missed me and dreamed about me every day we were apart. I wasn't going to ask him if it was true. I didn't care, I just needed it to be true for him as it had been for me. He was on his knees on the tile floor and he was worshiping my body.

I was trembling from his touch as he licked my wet slit. He ended the stroke of his tongue with a strong flick across my clit. He looked up at me right before he dove in again, grinning. At that point, all I could do was hold on tight. My hands went to his shoulders so I wouldn't collapse to the floor.

As I vibrated at higher and higher frequencies, I leaned back and found the cold tile wall to brace myself and lost my grip on his shoulders. His hands went around my hips to keep me from falling. He held me up as his tongue went deep, stroke after stroke. I arched and cried out as I was suspended. I shattered into a thousand pieces, it felt like lightning had struck. I saw white.

I slid down the wall with him and into his embrace, us both sitting on the floor of the shower. I looked up into his face, and found him smiling with pride at a job well done. A sadness settled I had just experienced the best orgasm I will ever have in my life. Looking at his grin made my insides clench, I didn't know how I could go back to my old life again.

He stood and shut the water off, then reached out the glass door to grab a large fluffy towel to wrap me up. He focused on drying me off before reaching out again to grab a second towel to tie around his waist. He led me back to the bed, and I followed behind, still in a daze, holding his hand.

The large king hotel bed was still made up with lots of pillows and a large white cotton duvet. He maneuvered me under the covers, removing my towel as I crawled in. I trembled as the coolness of the sheets hit my still damp body. He then let his towel drop, and I could see his cock was still stiff. He crawled into the sheets and took me into his arms to warm me and the space in between.

His lips against mine, his tongue in my mouth, we shared our breaths, I shared my heart and my soul in those kisses. I wondered briefly if he felt the same, and understood what I was silently telling him with my body.

I lifted my hips, and he easily slid in. We both moaned at the slow, hot entry. His chest slid across my tight nipples as I arched with each slow thrust.

I raised my legs to wrap them around him, but he had other plans. He hooked my right leg up over his shoulder and turned me a quarter turn to the left side and straddled my left leg. This new position opened me up against him and made me feel him in a new and deeper way, touching nerves, and driving my moans to a higher pitch. The way he took control of my body, exposing my open pussy, to somehow increase the friction made me feel vulnerable under his domination. And yet, I sensed my orgasm building up again. I lost all regulation of my body as I spasmed all over him. My toes curled, my back bowed me off the sheets that still stuck to my wet skin, pressing myself against him, feeling him deep.

"I am going to take you hard now."

I wondered for a moment how he could still be going, but then I decided it didn't matter. I was still breathless and coming down from my last orgasm, when he started to pound into me. He devastated my senses and I was overwhelmed in the change of pace, depth and aggression. I wrapped my hands around his arms and my legs around his hips to hang on, as he slammed into me, again and again. I was surprised to feel my pussy flutter in response to the assault of his cock. With one last hard thrust his cum exploded inside me. I could feel each hot spurt.

We were motionless except for our hard breathing. I wanted to hold his cock inside me for as long as possible. My mind started to plan my next trip out here, maybe this new Investor needed me here to transition. I should suggest that tomorrow morning. How easily I could leave my life, my home, and move in with him if we can spend every night like this.

Eventually our breaths slowed, and we both fell to sleep in each other's arms.

I woke to sunshine coming into the window in the hotel room. Smiling, I stretched to find him, but the bed was empty. I looked up and saw a note on the nightstand, tears fell from my eyes.

I wish you everything you could ever hope for, but I must say goodbye. 

***********

Rewritten and reposted with the help of my editor, the Viking. My heartfelt gratitude in sharing these stories with me. For all the readers out there - please vote. Comments and feedback highly encouraged. 