 Just imagine how surprised you’d be! Friday night, the kids are away, and you just started to get ready to go out that night. Your roommate is out of town…Bolivia I think, doesn’t matter… and you just started the bath water. You’ve had a tough week, so some soothing chamomile or something added to the tub would be a good thing. Light a couple candles, have a glass of white wine, and relax before going out on the town that night. Just when you’ve taken all your clothes off and put one foot into the steadily filling garden tub (work with me here…), the doorbell rings. Damnit! You slow the water, but leave it on, half to fill the tub, but also to keep the water hot. Wrapping a robe around yourself, you cuss salesmen as you turn down the jazz music on the stereo and turn on the light by the front door. But when you peep through the spy-hole, your heart stops for what seems like hours! NO WAY he just showed up here! 

What the hell are you going to do?!?! It had always been joked about, but you never thought EVER that you’d see me on your doorstep! With your heart beating in your throat, you open the door. “What in the hell brings you to my do…” Before you can finish your sentence, I push inside and lean in, angling my head just right, and softly kiss you on the lips. It was just a gentle peck, with me pulling away just a few inches to gauge your reaction. Seeing your eyes still closed and your lips quivering nervously, I move quickly to kiss you again, but much more passionately this time. Its like we had built up so much tension and angst that we didn’t even need to talk or say anything! Frankly, I doubt that we could! Immediately our arms were wrapped around each other as I tried to kick the door shut, while pinning you against the wall with my body. Our tongues are exploring each other, and then my mouth breaks off from yours, leaving us gasping for air, as I start kissing your neck, licking up to your ear lobes and pulling your body tighter up against me. My hands work between us and part your robe, causing your stomach to jump at the first feel of my hands on your skin. My hands grab each of your hips, just relishing the feel of your naked skin, and holding you against me. As we work our way, almost clumsily, down the hallway, you lift my shirt over my head and I’m kicking off my shoes.

First the water is turned off…we’ll need the tub later, but first there are almost angry passions that have to be taken care of. Your robe falls to the floor as the last of my clothes do the same, and in the faint candlelight, its almost as if we just see silhouettes of each other’s naked forms. Gently I lay you down on the bed, tracing my fingertips down your sides, along your hips, and down your thighs to your knees. Immediately goose bumps pop up all over you and you raise your hands above your head as if inviting me to do that again. I do, but the path of my fingers this time traces along the side of your breasts, tickling the soft smooth skin for the first time, then down your sides, across your legs, and tickling the inside of your thighs…a move that causes you to open them slightly. Your breathing is very erratic, and your mind is still swimming, not knowing if any of this is even really happening, but, like myself, way to carried away to care. As I lean over to kiss you again, my body comes softly into contact with yours, and for the first time we can feel our naked skin against each other, and we both softly moan. 

Again, my kisses begin to trace down your neck, then down your chest. I can really feel your heart beating faster and faster as you feel my very soft kisses moving down between your breasts, one hand gently cupping each of them, with my thumbs sliding over your hardening nipples. Hours of playing guitar have caused just the tips of my fingers to be slightly calloused, and the slightly rough skin causes wonderful sensations on your skin. My mouth gently takes your left nipple inside, then your right, but begins again to kiss down your stomach. My hands slide again down your thighs, parting them gently, but you need no direction as your hands move to the back of my head, working in and out of my hair, but also directing me. As I get lower down your stomach, I can feel the heat being given off by your body building, and the aromas are literally intoxicating. Another soft moan escapes your lips as you feel my mouth softly kissing, and nose tip gently sliding over your smooth shaven skin….

You tense as you feel the very tip of my tongue very VERY gently tracing down and over the folds of your wet lips, circling and trailing back up again. For a moment your legs try to clamp against my head as tremors race through your body. I continue to just trace the tip of my tongue in circles, slowly over and over your moistening lips, slightly flicking my tongue at the top, urging your clit to continue hardening. You can feel the heat of my breath against your lips, and the sensations, the goose bumps, the sounds, are driving your crazy. Pulling on the back of my head, you try to force me to intensify the pressure, but I push back, content for now to tease and taste and continue building the tension and anticipation inside you. It is a tremendous turn on to see you squirm and tense up, teetering back and forth on the edge of orgasm and desperation.

 One of my fingers slides down and begins to very very gently tickle your wet lips, never inserting, just stroking softly, as my lips begin to very softly kiss and even slightly suck on the top of your lips, caressing your clit. I feel your hands tensing and grabbing hard at the hair on my head, your stomach bouncing up and down with each labored breath. The speed of my mouth and fingers begins to increase as I greedily lap at your wetness, the taste and smell of which is driving me crazy, making me oblivious to anything else going on in the room. My other hand is caressing your breast, kneading softly the nipples and gently twisting and teasing them. Your legs are thrown around onto my back now, your feet pushing up and down my back as I continue sucking you, and the sounds are incredible, easily drowning out the saxophone on the stereo. Myself, its taking every once of self control I can muster to not enter you right now. But the anticipation building in each of us tells me that it will be worth this short wait…

How crazy would that be driving you? Can you imagine how insanely wonderful and frustrating that might be? Wanting so desperately for more friction, more pressure, and especially more penetration, but the tease just keeps on going, building the needs to an almost painful level! It must be wonderfully terrible all at the same time! I know it’s killing me, but I’ve never had so much fun! Nuzzling my face against your smooth shaven skin, tasting how incredibly wet and warm you are, and causing more and more and more! I wont stop this until the first orgasm rocks you. I want to feel your hands tense, your breathing begin to quicken. See you throw your head back, squinting your eyes tight, biting your bottom lip. One of your hands reaches up and grasps my hand against your breast, holding my palm against your nipples in an almost perfect way, allowing me to feel your heartbeat quickening below your soft breast. 

The moaning continuing to rise in volume, and in frequency, until you are silent, teeth pinching down on your lip almost painfully hard. I wont increase pressure on your clit, but sensing your orgasm, I begin to take long, soft, lapping strokes the entire length of your lips, stopping to again circle your clit. Again, long, broad sweeps of my tongue against you, sliding effortlessly against your wet soft and hot skin. As the orgasm causes tremors to shoot through your body, I slow the pace of my mouth slightly, as if to encourage and aid your orgasm without scaring it off, hoping this makes it only last longer. The sight of your body bucking with pleasure could almost drive me over the top myself! Immediately I would feel you getting wetter and wetter, something that I would have thought impossible a few short minutes ago. As you finally let out a breath, coming down from your amazing climax, I slow the pace of my tongue against you. Even though I know only more pleasure is coming, I almost regret stopping, delighting so much in making you come and tasting its results. But every man has his limits, and I’m reaching mine. 

Slowly I pull away from your still panting body and I take your hand, helping you raise to your feet. I turn and sit on the edge of the bed, guiding you onto my lap, facing me with your feet behind me. For the first time, you can feel how hard I am, resting against your stomach, literally throbbing with anticipation. You have your arms around my neck and I lean you back, until your wet lips rest against my shaft, and begin to slowly rock back and forth, sliding the length of my shaft against you. The pressure my mouth refused to give you is now provided as you slowly grind along the length of me, using your arms around my neck for support, and leaning back. We begin to kiss and breathe deeper and deeper as we rock back and forth, again building the anticipation of what we both know is coming. My Hands continue to explore every part of your body, caressing your hips, your legs, guiding your ass and urging you to ride against me with even more tension. The feeling is tremendous, but not what we still are desperately yearning for, until, accidentally even, just the tip of the head slides against, and then just barely inside you. We both freeze for a moment, just relishing the feeling, as well as preparing ourselves for what is about to happen. I can feel your arms tense up around my neck, and our mouths pull away from each other. My hands slide to your hips, guiding you on…

Its hard to describe the feeling, having waited for it, and having talked and teased about it for so long, but after slowly sliding deep inside you, we pull together tightly and just hold the pose…not wanting to move at first. Damn! I could loose it immediately it seems! My hands wrap around you, sliding down below your ass, and slowly lift you up, just a small amount, then let you slowly drop back down again. Your arms wrap tight around my neck, your head resting against my shoulder, eyes closed, just holding on and concentrating on every feeling and sensation that pulses through you. It has become very evident that this isn’t two people simply working out their desires or sexual frustrations, but that you are being made love to, gently and attentively, and with your every pleasure my sole priority. We begin to work our bodies against each other, with you sliding not only up and down, but also out and then against me. Each time, we press together very forcefully, pushing as deep as possible, and grinding your clit against my body. One of my hands goes around to the small of your back, pulling you into me each time, and holding your body against me. Beads of sweat are now forming between us, and a drop begins to trickle down your chest to your nipple, where it is pushed against my chest on our next thrust. Breathing and moans match each movement now, and you feel my hands pulling you with more and more strength each time. Your legs wrap around now and we begin to just grind against each other for a bit, not pulling out, just moving back and forth against each other while I lick and kiss your neck. You can feel my shaft twitching and moving inside you, as my muscles seem to almost spasm with each movement. I am trying to hold you as close against me as I can with a balance of strength and gentleness, and the feel of your skin against mine, and the feeling of being inside you is incredible. I love the sounds of your breathing, moans, muffled sighs and exclamations, and how your arms are tightening more and more around my neck as our pace quickens slightly. 

Desperately wanting to reach deeper inside you, to intensify every sensation, I lean back, lying on my back. Your legs pull up beside you and you place your hands on my chest. Now you begin to set the pace and guide yourself, riding me slowly at first. Each time you pull yourself down against me, my hands guide your hips forward, to rub your clit against my stomach on each thrust. My hands are all over you, caressing your breasts, your back, touching your neck, sliding my fingers across your lips, exploring and appreciating every inch of your body, even occasionally sliding down between us to slip along your clit. The feeling of immense heat and wetness only drives me more, and you can really feel me throbbing and twitching inside you. Your eyes are closed tightly still, focusing on everything that is being done to you, and aware of the building climax that is coming for both of us. Your fingers clench on my chest, and your pace begins to pick up, urged on by my hands pulling your body back and forth against me. 

As the familiar tingling of another orgasm begins, you lean back, completely upright, holding onto my thighs, letting my hands control our pace. One hand guides your hips, bringing you back and forth against my while I arch my own back, reaching deeper and deeper inside you. My other hand slides up and down your chest, almost uncontrollably groping and touching your body, squeezing your breasts, stroking you nipples. Suddenly my body stiffens up, tensing as I moan and a massive orgasm hits me. The sound and feel of me beginning to contract below you is all you needed, and you too are thrown over the top. The tremors of your next orgasm are rocking through your body as you feel me almost violently twitching inside you, pulsing over and over, filling you with warmth as I come. Over and over, the result of our sex is pumped inside you as you clench your teeth tightly, head thrown back, and we both moan and exhale together. As you collapse on top of me, you can still feel my orgasm causing more movement inside you while our sweaty, spent bodies lie against each other, breathing, or rather, panting, in complete rhythm. 

Lying there against each other, it suddenly occurs to you that you might have to disappoint your girlfriends and not have that night out...