 Hello readers! 

For those of you that are fans of "Cass' Capture"- do not think that this was written forgetting about that story. This story is an episode that related fully with the characters and storyline of Cass. You do not need to read earlier chapters to get this one, however what happens here may make you wonder what is going on.

Enjoy!

****

Lana and Dave

Lana was on her stomach on the mattress of large canopy bed in her bedroom. She had been trying to call her best friend Cass for the past two days, and received no answer and no call back. She started to worry, but then figured that Cass had the perfect life and that there was no way that anything could be wrong.

Lana's bedroom was one that any young, rich woman would die for. Her parents had let her go all out while decorating. The white carpet was thick and plush, the kind that you could sink your feet into. Her bedspread was pink satin, and there were cream colored satin sheets under the bed spread. Lana lived the dream life, and was the envy of many at her college. 

Lana was petite, yet had curves in all the right places. Her strawberry blonde hair was pin straight and reached all the way to her rounded bottom. Her turquoise eyes were wide, making her face look almost pixie-esque. She had light porcelain skin, and pouty deep red lips. Her paleness only added appeal that the package the rest of her body presented.

Unlike her best friend Cass, Lana used her body to her advantage, and to her sex was often a way to get attention. She always dressed in tight sweaters and skirts, or revealing outfits to accentuate her body. She was the type of woman that the men at her college drooled over. She was sweet, came from a rich family, was gorgeous, and put out. At least that was the rumor amongst the co-eds.

A few days ago she had graduated from college, and she was already bored. Her parents didn't expect her to go out and get a job right away. They wanted her to take a break after all of the hard work she had put forth to graduate. Lana expected that after the big party she threw the other night she would be overwhelmed with invitations for summer activity, but so far none had come.

The party was everything that I could have hoped for, she mused to herself. After Cass had left because of an emergency, she was joined for most of the rest of the night by Cass' hunky boyfriend, Dave. Usually Dave pretty much ignored Lana, which was usually fine with her, because she had a feeling that Dave was not what he appeared. However, being left alone at the party without Cass, Lana had changed her mind about Dave.

She couldn't deny that he was great 'arm candy' for her. He was like a real life "Ken" doll. He had deeply tanned skin, bleach-blonde hair, and sky blue eyes. Everyone said that Cass and Dave were like "Barbie" and "Ken". 

After Cass left the party, Lana and Dave spent the time dancing and talking. Though there were a lot of their friends and classmates, they never left each other's side. Lana had felt a current of attraction start to form between them, but was reluctant to acknowledge it because of her friendship with Cass. She also didn't know if Dave returned the feeling as he didn't seem to be affected by it.

As she was trying to get a hold of Cass for the past few days, she half hoped that Dave would call her too. She lay on the bed reliving the memory of being in Dave's arms when her cell phone rang, pulling her out of reverie.

She looked at the caller ID, and not recognizing the number she tentatively answered it. Lana was extremely pleased when she heard Dave's voice at the other end.

"Hi Lana, this is Dave. I hope that you don't mind me calling you," he said in his rich baritone voice.

"I don't mind at all. What can I for you?" she replied with a giggle.

"Well, I am wondering if you could help me out. I am trying to reach Cass, but she won't answer her cell phone. When I went over her house, the butler said that she wasn't available to see me. Do you have any idea what is going on?" he finished, worry apparent in his voice.

"No Dave, I'm sorry," Lana replied smoothly. "I've been trying to reach her too."

"Damn," Dave said in frustration. "We were supposed to go on a double date tonight with Paul and Cindy."

"I'd be happy to fill in, Dave," Lana purred. She knew that she was treading on dangerous territory, but she could just not resist this opportunity that was presented to her.

Dave seemed to ponder it for a moment. He knew that Cass would probably be upset at him if he brought Lana along on the double date. On the other hand he felt a little abandoned by her. There she was the other night promising him what he had been waiting two years for, and then she took off and hadn't bothered to call him for two days. He knew that she had left because it was an emergency, but he had gone to her house and it seemed like she didn't want to see him. That last thought caused Dave to make a decision.

"Thanks, Lana. That would be great. I'll pick you up at eight. We are going to a nightclub."

"Sounds good, I can't wait," Lana replied, her voice filled with excitement.

They both hung up and Lana jumped up excitedly and ran to her closet to find something to wear. It was four in the afternoon and she had plenty of time, but she wanted to look perfect for Dave. She pushed the hangers over the rack, passing up anything that was conservative or demure. She finally settled on a teal colored tank top that brought out the color in her eyes. It was also very low cut, showing off the top of her plump breasts over the top of the shirt. She paired it with a pair of black denim hip hugger jeans that were as tight as a second skin. She also pulled out a pair of black stiletto shoes that added about 3 inches to her small stature.

Now she had to kill some time until Dave came and picked her up.

****

The door bell at Lana's house rang precisely at 8 pm, and Lana practically ran to answer it. When she saw Dave on the front step her heart started to race. He was dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a dark grey button down shirt. His blonde hair was spiked in the latest men's fashion, and Lana could smell her favorite men's cologne on him. She was not the only one that was appreciative of the look of their date. Dave eyes traveled up and down Lana's curvy form, and voiced his admiration of her.

"Damn, Lana," he said with a grin, "You look hot tonight!"

Lana blushed, not out of embarrassment, but because his comment had her already racing pulse jump even higher. Besides she already knew that she looked hot. She finished her ensemble by pulling her hair up in a messy bun, letting tendrils escape for a more natural look. She has but on some large hoop earrings, and applied her makeup carefully to accentuate every detail of her porcelain-skinned face. Her lips were glazed with a deep red lip gloss, looking as if they were begging to be kissed.

"Thank you," she murmured, not wanting to seem too excited.

The couple walked over to Dave's brand new black BMW. He went to open her door and stopped as she came closer.

"Mmmmm, you smell absolutely delicious Lana," Dave exclaimed.

Lana let out a giggle at this compliment. She was utterly giddy over the fact that he seemed to be flirting with her. They both slid into their seats in the car without further comment.

Dave, on the other hand, was slightly irritated with himself over his attraction on Lana. He knew that if anything happened between them there was no way that Lana would keep it quiet. His parents would be pissed if he ruined his chances with Cass Connelly, the greatest match in all of Riverdale, or so his parents kept reminding him. He looked again at the beautiful girl sitting in the seat next to him. Lana was staring forward, as if she were unaware that Dave was checking her out. She let the tip of her tongue slip out between her glossy lips with the pretense of wetting them. She chuckled to herself as Dave quickly averted his eyes away from her.

Dave groaned to himself as he moved his eyed forward again. When he saw her lick her lips the image of Lana on her knees sucking his cock made him aroused. This was going to be more difficult then he thought.

"So, where are we going?" Lana asked, breaking through Dave's thoughts.

He cleared his throat before he answered. "Um, we are meeting Paul and Cindy at the River Club."

Lana shivered with excitement. The River club was the best place they could've gone for what she had in mind. It was on the edge of town, so it didn't always get the big crowds that some of the other clubs in town did. They usually had live bands, the usual pool and darts, dancing, and of course strong drinks. Pretty much whatever they did there wouldn't get back to their circle of friends. She knew that Paul was Dave's best friend, and she also knew Cindy hated Cass with a passion. She stopped herself mid thought. What the hell am I thinking?, she thought to herself. I'm sitting here trying to think of ways to seduce my best friend's boyfriend. She really needed to pull herself together.

They road the rest of the way in silence, and finally pulled up to the club. There were already a lot of cars parked in front, and music from the live band was already blaring out from the open front doors. They walked in side by side, both of them doing their best to keep a space between them. Dave immediately spotted Paul and led Lana over to where they were sitting.

Lana said hello to the couple and sat down next to Cindy. They were an attractive couple and had been together since high school. Lana was never quite sure what Cindy had against Cass since she did not go to high school with the rest of them as her parents sent her to a private school. 

As Lana sat down Cindy immediately asked about Cass.

"So, where is the queen today Dave?" she asked, trying to sound innocent, but there was pure malice in her voice.

"I'm not sure," Dave replied with a scowl. "She hasn't returned my calls for the last few days."

"Maybe she ran off with someone at the party," Cindy laughed. She then turned to Lana and said, "Isn't she like your best friend? What are you doing here with Dave? Wont the queen be upset?"

Lana shrugged her shoulders. She knew that Cindy was trying to get some dirt on Cass, or at least start some trouble. 

Dave rescued her from responding when he explained that he didn't want to come alone, and that Lana offered to come. Paul then changed the subject and started talking about the plans they had for summer which was their last summer before going out into the real world.

While the rest of the group talked and laughed, Dave had already ordered himself and Lana a beer. They spent the rest of the evening drinking and dancing, and avoiding Cindy's insults towards Lana. The more Cindy said, the more Lana found herself drinking, and by the time the group had decided to leave and go their separate ways she found that she was pretty buzzed. 

Dave also had a pretty good buzz going, and he was almost exploding with desire. Every dance he found himself crushed against the most luscious body in the club. He couldn't help but become hard from the feel of Lana's supple breasts against his hard chest. He too had heard the rumors about Lana's lack of inhibitions, and by the end of the night he felt himself wondering if they were true.

He walked her up to the front door, and she asked him if he wanted to come in since her parents were gone on vacation. Against his better judgment he accepted. They stepped into the foyer of the large mansion. Lana was a little unsure of what would happen if she invited him in. She wanted him to stay, but she never thought that he would accept. She gave a nervous giggle as they stood in the foyer.

Dave cleared his throat and glanced around. "Where's the kitchen?" he asked. "After all that dancing I'm starving!"

Lana was glad that he had broken the ice and smiled to herself as she led him to the well stocked kitchen. She pulled out some left over pizza she had ordered the night before and was about to pull out two sodas, when she thought better of it and pulled out two beers instead. She then opened the beers and started to heat up the pizza. While the food was warming they stood in the kitchen, each lost in their own thoughts.

There was an undercurrent between them that was undeniable. As they stood and chatted about mundane things, Dave felt his gaze again wander over Lana's body. He couldn't help but notice the way her chest strained against the tight tank top. He had also noticed the way her pants pulled taught against her round ass as she reached up to grab some plates for them. His mouth suddenly went dry. He knew he wanted her, and he thought that she returned the feeling, but was not entirely sure.

When the pizza was done cooking they sat side by side on the counter. They ate in silence, and when they finished Lana went to rinse the plates as Dave went to sit on the couch. He flipped on the large television and a few minutes later Lana joined him with fresh bottles of beer. Dave kept flipping through the channels until he came to a stop on a soft core porn channel. At first Lana didn't realize what they were watching, and when she did she could not keep her eyes off the screen.

On the screen there was a tall muscular blonde man that could have been Dave in about five years. The woman on the screen resembled Lana. She was voluptuous and had large breasts and a plump behind. Her red hair was wavy whereas Lana's was straight. As Lana's eyes stared at the screen watching as the red head was on her knees with her red lips wrapped around the man's cock. The scene was turning Lana on as she could feel wetness began to form between her legs.

Lana wondered if Dave was affected was as affected by the scene on the television as she was. She looked over and saw Dave squirming in his seat. She looked lower and could see the erection through his pants.

Dave was beginning to sweat. He couldn't help but to see the resemblance of the couple on the screen and them. He could almost imagine Lana's lips around his cock, and looking down on her and watching her head bob up and down. He let out a slight moan which drew Lana's attention.

Lana was torn between her attraction towards Dave and her friendship with Lana. Of course the amount of liquor that they had drunk earlier in the night and what they were drinking now caused her judgment to cloud. When she heard the deep moan come out of his mouth she knew that it was now or never. 

Lana stood up and went to stand in front of Dave then she walked closer and climbed onto his lap facing him. Her legs were spread, with her thick thighs on either side of him. He reached down and dug his fingers into her plump ass and pulled her closer to him, causing her to grind up against him. He tilted his head up to her and she slowly brought her head down to meet his.

She crushed her lips to his and immediately felt his tongue fill her mouth. Over and over again he pushed his tongue in and out, tormenting her with the motions. She moaned as she felt her body responding more and more to his ministrations. Dave pulled away suddenly and looked at Lana with a bemused expression on his face.

"What are we doing here Lana?" he asked.

"Nothing neither of us doesn't want to do," she replied huskily, "and nothing that either of us hasn't thought of doing a hundred times."

Her answer seemed to please him, and he nodded in response. He then let his gaze drop to her ample breasts. His eyes seemed transfixed on the shape of her hardened nipples through the thin material of her top. Dave started running is hands over her breasts. Palms down he cupped their fullness and allowed his nails to graze over her nipples. Even though her shirt and bra was covering her, the action caused Lana to tremble in anticipation.

"Take off your shirt," Dave said quietly. Lana quickly pulled the shirt over her head, causing the pins to come out of her up-do. Her hair fell down her back in a waterfall of strawberry blonde silk. For a moment Dave seemed mesmerized by the site of the light hitting her hair, but shook his head and returned his gaze to her breasts, now only covered by the thin material of her lacy bra.

Dave gently pulled Lana's head closer to his and covered her mouth again with his lips. His tongue darted inside again and filled her mouth. He reached around and fumbled with the clasp of her bra before finally undoing it and letting it fall to the floor. He brought his hands to her chest and began to caress the warm globes of soft flesh. His fingers brushed her nipples causing her to moan against his mouth. Lana put her hands under Dave's shirt and then pulled it over his head. 

When she sat back up straight Dave brought his lips to her hardened nipples, drawing first one bud in his mouth. He lightly caressed it with his tongue, and then drew it into his mouth, gently suckling. In her aroused state Lana put her arms around Dave's broad shoulders and dug her nails into his skin. She dug even deeper and gasped when Dave lightly bit down on her nipple.

"Where's the bedroom?" he murmured. Lana stood up and motioned for him to follow, and they raced up the large staircase to her room. Dave kicked the door shut with his foot and led her over to the bed. She lay down on the comforter and watched him as he removed the rest of his clothing. He reached over and undid the button on her pants, and slid them down her legs along with her thong. 

When he stood up Dave stared down at her body in wonder. Her skin was porcelain, looking as if it had never seen the sun. There was a faint blush that covered her large breasts. His gaze traveled down the rest of her body, where her hips flared into her silky legs. Between her thighs Dave could see the smoothness of her womanhood. He climbed onto the bed and settled on top of her with his legs settled between her thighs.

Dave leaned his head over hers and gently brushed his lips over hers. Lana could take no more. The desire coursed through her veins begging to be satisfied. She opened her lips and pulled his tongue into her mouth. At the same time she opened her legs wider, letting his hard cock press against her intimately. He was about to pull up to reach for protection when she tightened her grip on him.

Lana thrust her hips upwards, and Dave replied by burying his manhood deep inside of her in one quick thrust. She gasped at the sudden invasion off being totally filled. He started to thrust slowly but as the moans escaped her he started to pick up the pace until he was pounding deeply into her. Her hips rose to meet his every thrust. Harder and harder he thrust, and their moaning was drowning out the sound of their skin slapping together. 

Dave could feel her pussy walls clenching and he knew that she was close to climaxing. He started to pump faster and faster into her, feeling her hot, wet walls clenching around him. Suddenly she arched her back and let out a loud cry. Lana felt like the climax was ripping her apart as he pounded in and out of her. The sounds of her release caused Dave to go over the edge towards his own release. He thrust a few more times into her as the last bit of his seed filled her warm insides.

A few minutes later they both lay together, spent. Dave held Lana in his arms as both of them were lost in their own thoughts of what had just transpired between them.

*****

I hope that you all enjoyed this story! Please vote, and stay tuned for Ch. 6 of "Cass's Capture". I have set up a few venues for you to be updated on my stories, and give some feedback. Check out my bio for that information!

xsweetvixenx