 Zack had a long day and was starting to regret having a last minute appointment at the end of his shift to meet the new CEO. Everyone else had already left for the evening. Only Zack remained. He was tired and eager to go home to relax.

Zack was shuffling papers around on his desk getting them organized when he heard the knock. He walked over to the door adjusting his tie and opened it. He couldn't help but check her out. She was tall with long dark hair and deep brown eyes. She wore a white silk shirt that contrasted her skin tone and a short black skirt accentuating her fine figure. Her dark nylons showed off her lengthy legs and matched her boots perfectly. 

"Hi. I'm Lynda. I have an appointment with Zack." She stated simply while looking right into his eyes. He quickly forgot how tired he was as he felt his cock begin to twitch. Thoughts started racing through his head that shouldn't be. He remained professional and calm.

"I'm Zack. Come right in and have a seat over by my desk." He said motioning with his arm to a large comfortable chair. He closed the door tightly behind her and watched her tight ass move with her every step. Taking a deep breath, he walked over to his desk. "Where shall we start?" he asked. 

A sly smile crept across her face making Zack feel anxious. "Well, to be honest Zack, I already know who you are." Lynda started to say.

"You do?" Zack questioned attentively listening wondering how she knew him from all the other workers.

"Yes. I saw you having lunch with your coworkers downstairs one day. I thought you were a ruggedly handsome man who knew what he wanted in life. I thought that you would know what to do with it when you got it. Just like I think you would do whatever it takes to get ahead." Lynda spoke slowly keeping him captivated with her words. "I asked around to find out more about you. You see, Zack, I am a woman who always gets what she wants. And I am here tonight, because I want you."

Zack couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was this really happening to him? Here he was with this his hot lady who was aggressively pursuing him and she was his new boss. His cock was rapidly waking under the desk. He wondered what in the world he ever did to deserve this. He breathed in deeply not wanting to blow the chance of a lifetime. He wanted her but needed to be sure that she wanted him in the same way.

"So Lynda, I'm not sure exactly what you want from me." Zack began letting his hand slide down to rub his growing cock.

"Isn't it obvious?" she questioned in a teasing voice. She leaned forward giving Zack a clear view of her breasts. She jiggled them a little knowing he was staring as she brushed her hand through her hair.

"Well, uh...I think I know what you mean but I don't want to misunderstand you." Zack said cautiously trying not to gawk at her cleavage. 

Lynda stood up and unbuttoned her blouse revealing, no bra, but two gorgeous breasts with dark nipples. Zack began to squirm in his chair. He wanted to hop over the desk and ravish them. 

"Come to me." Lynda beckoned with her finger curling towards her as she sat on the edge of his desk. 

She didn't have to say that twice. Zack stood and quickly went over to her. Lynda reached out and rubbed his shoulders. He was simply waiting for the okay before he moved any closer. She took her hand and lifted her breast offering it to Zack. 

"Here lover. I want you to have your way with me. I want to see what you do with what I have to offer. I am yours for the evening. Whatever you want goes." Lynda stated. 

Zack was not about to pass this by. His cock was gorged in his pants and he had this vixen sitting on his desk waiting for him. His desire overtook him and he was tearing Lynda's blouse off and hungrily sucking on her tender breasts wasting no time at all. As his mouth was busy licking all over her left breast, his hand was roughly handling and squeezing the right one. Her hands roamed through his short dark hair as she pulled his face closer to her body. She pushed her tits closer together around his eager face. The warmth of him between her breasts was heating her up. She was sure he could feel her heart beat so strong against him as her hormones started taking over. 

Lynda looked down at Zack and watched him suck her dark hardened nipples one at a time, thoroughly enjoying his work. He looked up at her with his brown eyes and smiled, then he began to nibble ever so gently, continuing his hand manipulations. Her nipples were so stiff they cried in pleasure sending tingles through her body. 

His sucking began to get harder and more intense. Lynda could feel Zack's teeth starting to bear into her soft flesh. A moan escaped her mouth as she reeled from the incredible sensations shooting through her body. She arched her back thrusting her breasts towards him more. He was pleasing her so well. She grabbed his hair and pulled him up to her wanting lips.

Their mouths met for a deeply fervent kiss. Zack's tongue was well trained and sought hers out and entwined itself. His hands followed caressing her back and sensitive neck. This sent shivers up her spine. The desire between them was evident with the passion of their movements. Their lips parted and they both instinctively brought their mouths to the other's neck. While kissing, licking and nibbling her neck, his breathing deepened as she moaned in sheer delight. 

Lynda's fingers unbuttoned Zack's shirt exposing his well-formed chest and erect nipples. She quickly moved her lips to them, brushing his tie out of the way. She sucked gently and nibbled allowing her hands to graze over his body. Zack's hands sustained their roaming over her body bringing her to life. Lynda purposely brought her hands down to the waist of his pants. Her mouth kissed down to his belly meeting her hands. She knelt before him as if he was a king, glancing up to see him watching. Looking down he gave an approving nod. She could feel his fingers tugging gently in her hair. 

Using her mouth, Lynda undid his pants. Her teeth grasped the zipper and pulled it down slowly. She heard Zack sigh deeply. She knew this thrilled him by the bulge that was trying to escape from the opening she created. Lynda brought her hands around his mid section and held the top of his pants and boxers bringing them down to his ankles allowing him to step out of them. Zack was free from all clothing now, bare before her as she stayed on her knees. Lynda used her hand to lightly caress the back of his legs, while bringing her other hand to the base of his cock holding his huge hard member at the right angle for her mouth to kiss. 

Lynda licked the tip of Zack's cock tasting the pre cum that was already presenting. She moaned keeping her lips against his hardness. It was so sweet to her. She wanted more. She licked slowly around the tip of his cock and through his slit. Her tongue descended down his length and back up doing this a couple of times. Lynda then brought her lips tight around the top of his cock. She sucked just the tip in her mouth tightly. 

Lynda quickly opened her mouth and took him whole. She wanted him. She wanted his cock. She brought her lips all the way down. She was unable to take his entire member in. She then brought her mouth tightly back up his whole length and back down again. Pursing her lips as tautly as she could around his nice wide cock, she used her tongue to drag up and down the vein on the bottom. She held Zack's cock with one hand and massaged his balls with the other. 

Zack used his hands to pull her hair and force her face closer and deeper over his hardness. Lynda couldn't help but moan again knowing the vibrations that would cause him to feel. He controlled her speed and depth with his hands directing her head to and fro. The harder Zack pulled her hair, the faster she wanted to suck and he allowed her that pleasure. She was now able to get all of him in her mouth with the deeper, more rapid thrusts. She was sure he could feel his cock repeatedly hitting the back of her throat. He was so delicious. Lynda couldn't wait to taste his cum. 

Zack was amazed. Not only was she taking him whole, she was enjoying it. He was standing in his office with his superior who was giving him the most unbelievable blow job. The feelings running through him were incredible. He wanted to do so much more with her.

Zack pushed Lynda back breaking her suction with him. She lay back on his desk. He began to kiss her boots and followed with long licks up her covered legs. When he got to the edge of her skirt, he reached up under her skirt and ripped off her nylons off exposing her shaven cunt. 

Zack was awe struck. He couldn't believe what he saw. He reached down and let his fingers graze over Lynda's cunt. The pulsing in his cock was driving him. He needed release.

Zack brought himself over Lynda holding her legs up over his shoulders. He guided his throbbing cock into her wet cunt. He had to push hard to get it in. He was so big and she was surprisingly tight. He literally had to force his way in with a strong shove. Zack looked directly in Lynda's eyes without saying a word, but knowingly understood the shared pleasure. 

After several attempts Zack was finally completely in. The walls of her cunt were snug around him. She used her fingers to rub her clit as he started to fuck her. Zack bent over and kissed her on the lips. Lynda could see that he was staring at her breasts heaving up and down as he pushed himself in and out of her. Bringing his mouth to her chest, he started to suck on her nipples again as he continued to slam into her cunt. He had her up just right where he could finger her ass at the same time.

"Oooohhhh." Lynda moaned. Zack knew it wouldn't be long before she reached orgasm. She was sure he could feel her muscles tightening and swelling around his cock. Her body began to writhe in ecstasy. Lynda began to cum as he fucked her keeping her fingers rubbing frantically at her clit. 

Lynda was hoping that Zack would come at the same time as her but he didn't. He just kept moving in and out of her cunt increasing his speed. He was going deeper and harder with each thrust. He was fucking her so fast and with such force, that Lynda couldn't help but thrash about. 

She saw Zack close his eyes, which Lynda knew meant he was close to reaching his peak. Until now his eyes remained open and fixed on her. He suddenly pulled out of her without warning and let her legs fall down. He brought his cock up between her breasts. Her juices provided more than adequate lubrication. Lynda held her breasts together tightly around his cock giving him the freedom to keep fucking. Zack moaned and nibbled on her dark nipples. She opened her mouth allowing the tip of his member in, letting him know that she wanted to taste him. Lynda reached towards him and held onto his ass bringing him closer and closer to her.

Lynda witnessed a shudder shoot through Zack's body as he told her that he was going to cum. He closed his eyes and tensed his body. She squeezed her tits fixed around his cock leaving her mouth open to catch his load. Zack screamed as his cum came spurting out like a fountain. It landed all over Lynda's face, neck and hair. He managed to get a lot on her chest too. Lynda was able to get a good taste of him as well. She was surprised by the amount, but enjoyed every last drop. 

She rubbed his cum into her skin. It was so warm and sticky. It was like Zack claimed Lynda with his cum all over.

Zack eased his body to the side of Lynda and reached his arm around her giving her a tight hug. She turned to face him and placed her arm over his, embracing him. Gently he kissed her lips. He helped her up off from his desk and they got themselves dressed. 

"Wow, that was incredible. You were amazing." He said as he was fastening his pants, knowing to be cautious about what was said. After all, she was his boss and he needed his job. "Will I be seeing you again like this?" he asked in a hopeful tone. 

"Well, I was right. You know exactly what to do with what you have given to you." Lynda stated summing up the encounter. "You certainly have a promising future here with the company."

Zack went to her and gave her a tender hug and kiss good-bye before she turned to leave. He knew he was going to like working with his new boss.