 Chapter Three: An Encounter with Police

Note: This is a continuing story. All readers should read the previous chapters in order to gain some idea of the progression of the story.

Cassandra came upon a sign along the road warning her of an upcoming roadblock. She slowed down as she came upon a few cars just ahead of her.

"Please pull over to the side up ahead," the officer told her pointing to the dirt area on the right side of the road.

"Oh great, this is all I need!" she thought to herself. She was tired and wanted to go home to take a long relaxing bath. Cassandra slowly pulled off onto the dirt along side the highway and put her car in park, leaving her engine running and waited.

The very same officer who told her to pull over walked up to her car. He leaned down into the open window and rested a hand on the top of her car.

"Please turn your engine off. I need to see your registration, safety, insurance and driver's license," he told her.

Cassandra, after shutting off the headlights, turned her engine off, and then unbuckled her seatbelt. Before she retrieved the papers she turned to the officer.

"Why are you stopping me? I haven't had a drop to drink officer," she inquired.

All the officer told her was, "Because." She noticed he was eyeing her up as he shined his light into her car. Feeling naughty, she left her legs as they were, spread apart, and leaned over to the glove box and opened it.

The officer got a good look at her naked pussy as her dress rode up high up to her hips. She lingered, fiddling with the papers, giving him some time to check her out. He definitely was. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him lean to his left to get a better look at her pussy. To help him get a good look, she leaned further towards the glove box and pulled out a medium leather binder that held the paperwork. The officer quickly moved back to his original position pretending nothing happened when she sat back up. The bottom of her dress remained well over her hips and she knew he could clearly see the v between her legs.

"Here you are officer," she said in a sweet voice as she handed the papers and her license to him.

He took the papers from her, making sure his fingers touched hers. She sat there, feeling the business cards she had received from the two men she met earlier that evening, rubbing against her tits inside of her dress. Apparently the cards slipped down a bit when she leaned over to retrieve the paperwork from the glovebox. Not caring what the cop thought, she reached in between her tits and tried to flush out the cards but she couldn't reach them. The officer saw this and questioned her.

"What are you doing? What do you have there?" he asked. He pretended to be on his toes, but he really wanted to get a peek at her luscious tits.

"Oh, it's nothing; just something I forgot I slipped inside. It just kind of moved and it's scratching me," she wiggled.

His eyes locked on her tits jiggling in her dress. He had to remain professional. He broke his eyes away and looked at the papers once again. He saw her wiggling again.

"Look Miss, why don't you slowly pull it out," he told her.

"Uh I'm trying to but I can't reach it like this," she answered in a girlish tone.

"Whatever it is you'd better do something and get it out and hand it over," sternly he said.

In her mind she repeated over and over "Get it out." Cassandra played shy and gave the officer a slight grin.

"Uh, I think the only way I can get it out is to stand and try to wiggle it out or," she paused, "Or I have to lower my top."

"Okay, get out of the car and stand against the front of the car facing me," he ordered.

Cassandra got out of the car as he held the car door open for her. She looked around and it looked as if the other officers had cleared the roadblock and left. There was no one else around except the two of them in the dark area under a line of pine trees. Her pussy dampened at the thought of the cop taking advantage of her right there. She wiggled her upper body, stopped to see if the cards would fall but she knew very well they wouldn't. She wiggled again then pouted.

"I'm sorry but it's stuck right here," she pointed just below her large tits.

"Okay, do what you have to do and get them out," he tried to sound firm. His cock was rock hard in his dark blue uniform pants in anticipation of seeing her tits.

"Uh, do you mind if I go to the other side of the car away from the highway?" shyly she asked.

"Yeah, sure, go ahead" he answered sounding irritated.

As she walked beside the officer she read "Williams" embroidered above his left breast pocket. Cassandra stood against the front passenger quarter panel and reached up to her shoulder straps slowly lowering them down her arms. She kept her eyes on the bulge in his pants as she removed her arms from the straps and lowered the top of her dress very slowly as if she was hesitant in doing so.

In the still of the night she heard him take a deep breath when she finally unveiled her tits. His flashlight was shining directly at her chest. Her nipples hardened the moment the chilly night air touched them.

"Ah, here they are," she said happily pulling the cards out and handing them to Officer Williams.

He reached out and took the cards from her without removing his eyes from her massive sun tanned tits. He raised the cards up so he could read them and see her tits at the same time. Cassandra knew what he was doing and swore she saw his cock harden even more because the bulge in his pants grew larger.

She wondered how big his cock was. Her pussy moistened even more. She told herself to stop it, to stop thinking about his cock and how wonderful it would feel inside of her if he fucked her right there on her car along side the highway in the middle of the night.

"Okay, Miss," he began to say but she cut him off and told him to call her "Cassandra."

He smiled, said her name, and handed the cards back to her. She asked if she could put them into the car; he allowed it and she turned, bent at the waist and tossed the cards onto the passenger seat, not bothering to cover up. Officer Williams wanted to reach out and touch her massive globes but he knew it would be out of line.

Cassandra wanted him and there was no way she was going to let him go until she got to see his cock. She stood there and looked into his eyes which were still on her tits. Cassandra knew she had to take the first step, a risky one but it was worth the try.

"They're all mine," she said as she cupped her tits in her tiny hands. She reached out and took hold of his free hand, pulled him closer then placed his hand on one of her tits. "See, squeeze them, they're real."

Williams squeezed the succulent breast in his hand. Cassandra reached out and rubbed the bulge in his pants. He twitched then looked up at her face. She was looking directly into his eyes with a look that said "Fuck me."

She took the flashlight from his hand, pushed the button to turn it off and placed it on the hood against the windshield. Then she took his hand and placed it on her other breast. He squeezed and rolled her nipples between his fingers. She moaned while trying to work on his pants, but his gun belt was in the way.

The officer released his hold from her tits, reached down to his gun belt, then stopped. He couldn't do this, not alongside the highway. Quickly he thought of somewhere they could go, somewhere secluded, somewhere they wouldn't be spotted or interrupted...

"Get in your car and follow me," he told her before kissing her passionately.

She got in her car, put her arms through the straps of her dress to cover up, and followed the patrol car down the highway about a quarter mile before he turned right down a dirt road and kept going for a few minutes.

They came to a stop in the middle of abandoned cane fields and trees that lined the dirt road. Williams exited his car, then Cassandra exited hers and walked up to him as he stood beside his patrol car. His gun belt was no longer around his hips. The moment she was within reach he grabbed and pulled her to him, his lips came down on hers hard. His tongue snaked in probing and exploring her mouth. She did the same. Her hips began to grind and press into his while his hands grabbed her ass. She could feel his hard cock in the restraints of his uniform pants.

He broke off the kiss, lifted her onto the hood patrol car and sat her on the side at the edge. The engine was warm and it added to the heat between her legs. The moonlight danced upon her skin as he slowly lowered the straps to her dress and pull the top down to her waist revealing her luscious 38D tits.

He bent down and started licking her tits along the sides, between the large globes slowly working his way to her nipples. He took a nipple between his lips and sucked on them like a baby feeding at his mother's breast. Occasionally he bit down on them, causing her to squeal in delight, thrusting her chest into his face as she held onto his head and pulled him closer. Meanwhile his left hand rubbed her inner thighs up and down from her knee to her mid thigh. He took his time working his way up until his hand came in contact her pussy.

He stopped sucking on her tit and looked up, "You're wet."

A wave of pleasure rushed through her body when his finger touched her clit. She squirmed, tossed her head back and her breathing became erratic.

"I've been wet from the moment you walked up to my car," seductively she whispered. "Do you want to search me, Officer Williams?" teasingly she asked.

"Oh yeah, you can guarantee I'm going to thoroughly search you," he replied.

He gently pushed her down onto the hood of the patrol car, lifted her legs and buried his face in her pussy. His tongue hungrily lapped at her juices. Then he curled his tongue and began to inspect her pussy. Cassandra moaned.

"Search my pussy! Search it really good!!" she told him holding onto the top of his head. "Mmm, that feels good!"

In and out he searched her pussy with his tongue. She was moaning and moving her ass up and down to meet his thrusting tongue. He placed a hand on her just above her pussy to restrain her movements while he continued with his tongue inspection.

"Oh, yes! I'm gonna cum!" she warned the officer. "Ugh, yes! Yes!!!"

Cassandra's body tensed, her muscles tightened then she came, His continued diving in and out of her pussy as her juices flowed. He drank up her cum s much as he could. Unfortunately, some of her juices escaped and oozed out the sides of his mouth down to his chin onto the hood of the patrol car.

He withdrew his face from her pussy, stood up and pulled her down off of the car. Cassandra stood there, her legs a bit shaking, watching his crotch as he took a slight step back. Her eyes locked onto fingers as he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. Cassandra took it from there and lowered his pants and briefs. He stepped out of them, she handed them to him to keep it from getting dirty. He placed it on the hood of his patrol car near his flashlight.

Cassandra began her own body search on the Officer. Still kneeling in front of him, she extended her tongue to lick the glistening drop of pre-cum that clung to the tip, then worked her way around the head down to the rim then under it. She did this several times before she worked her tongue up and down the shaft, making sure to fully inspect his hard 8" cock. She stopped to look up at the officer and smiled. Keeping her eyes locked onto his as he bent his head to look at the young asian woman, she parted her lips and slid it over the tip of his cock. Slowly she worked her way down his hard shaft taking more and more of his cock into her hot mouth until her nose brushed against his trimmed bush.

Williams sighed as she bobbed her head back and forth, squatting in front of him, sucking on his hard juicy cock under the Hawaiian moonlight. He thought he was dreaming, but the handful of hair he held onto told him he wasn't. The pressure of her lips sucking on his cock also told him he was wide awake.

The buxom young woman knew what men wanted, how they wanted it, and how to do it very well. She made sure he got the full inspection and sucked his cock good and hard. Her cheeks caved in and the slurping of her mouth mixed in with the sounds of the gentle trade winds blowing through the cane field and trees.

Within seconds Williams pushed her back, slowly removing his cock from her mouth. "If you keep that up I'm going to cum. And I don't want to cum in your mouth. Not this time anyway. Come here." He held a hand out for her and she stood up. He took hold of her bunched up dress and raised it up over her body, head and arms. Now she stood before the officer dressed only in her sandals. He picked her up and sat her down at the very edge of the quarter panel of the patrol car. She laid back and he began to inspect her pussy using a different tactic. His hard cock dove in, exploring, inspecting the depths of her well lubricated pussy. She welcomed him passionately.

"Fuck me! Fuck me Officer Williams," she told him as she cupped her tits with her hands. He plowed his cock into her so hard her tits bounced and swayed. Cassandra let go of her tits, reached down to her legs and pulled them as high in the air as she possible could; spreading them as far apart as she possibly could. Officer Williams removed his uniform shirt while he continued inspecting her soaking wet pussy. He didn't want to get it wet from his perspiration or her juices; it would be difficult to explain when he returned to the station should he have dried cum stains on it.

Williams lifted the woman off of the car, keeping his cock buried deep inside of her. He lifted and lowered her onto his cock until his arms ached. He lifted her off of his hard cock then lowered her to stand on her own two feet.

Cassandra turned to face the hood of the patrol car and leaned forward. Her arms were spread forward on the hood of the car; her feet barely touched the ground as the officer fucked her from behind. It was too uncomfortable and her stomach ached from his forceful pounding into her pussy. Williams turned her around; once again he lifted her up with his strong arms wrapped around her tiny 25" waist. Cassandra loosely wrapped her legs around him and allowed him to lift her up and down onto his cock. He stood away from the car and continued fucking the buxom asian woman until she came.

"Yes! Yes! I'm cumming!!!" loudly she exclaimed. She wrapped her legs firmly around his waist, leaned back from the waist, resting her shoulder blades and head upon the car's hood. Her pussy tightened around his cock then loosened up as her pussy juices flowed.

Williams came shortly after her orgasm began. He held the writhing woman tight around her waist as he pressed his cock deep inside of her. He stayed frozen in that position, shooting streams of cum deep inside of her, Over and over he loudly said, "Fuck! Fuck! OH FUCK!"

Finally their orgasms subsided. He carefully stood her upright. The mixture of juices trickled down her inner thighs. Williams gathered his clothes, dressed then went to the trunk and pulled out a container of hand wipe. He handed them to her and she gladly accepted it. She wiped away the sticky liquid from her thighs and around her swollen pussy. Williams waited with an open plastic bag marked "Evidence" and told her to toss the used hand wipes into it.

"Evidence, huh?" Cassandra teased the officer as she dressed. He just smiled at her taking one last look at her luscious body.

Williams sealed the bag containing the used wipes and tossed it into a nearby garbage can.

"He must have been here before," Cassandra thought to herself. She smiled at him.

He walked her to her car, took her in his arms and kissed her long and passionately before letting her slid into the driver's seat. She blew a kiss to him and said goodnight. He smiled, said goodnight then walked over to his patrol car.

Cassandra followed the patrol car until they came to the highway; he turned left and she to the right. Minutes later she arrived home.

She showered, lay on her bed thinking of the day's events; wondering if she'd ever see the officer again. Eventually she drifted off to sleep exhausted; her pussy slightly tender and puffy and she wore smile on her face. Cassandra was satisfied; at least for the night.