 Henry spent another week driving people to their destinations. He drove sleepy commuters to their jobs in the mornings and brought them back home, weary from work, in the afternoons. He drove mothers and children, and young lovers who snuggled against each other on thinly-cushioned bus seats. Of all these people, only Henry, their driver, seemed to have no destination in life.

He wondered about Grace, the librarian, and whether they might share a destination some day. There was only one way to find out.

On Saturday morning, after a Friday night of lonely contemplation, Henry decided to postpone his supermarket plans and go for a walk. It was about time he did something about that paunch of his anyway. He walked out of the side streets and turned down Oakland Park Boulevard, six lanes of moderately busy Saturday morning traffic. He headed west, toward the library.

Cars buzzed past him in both directions. Every once in a while someone honked at him. Henry had no idea why anyone would do that, but this wasn't his first walk along a busy South Florida street and he knew that some drivers, for reasons known only to themselves, honked at anything that moved.

Henry focused his gaze straight ahead and thought about what he would say to Grace when he saw her at the library. If she was even at the library today. He didn't know her schedule or even her last name. He should have asked his sister for Grace's phone number.

A little red Toyota honked at him, but he ignored it. He was thinking about where he should invite Grace, and how he would feel if she said no. He would like to go out with her tonight, but maybe she was already busy. A good looking woman like that probably had more suitors than she could handle.

The Toyota stopped in front of him and its hazard lights flashed. The front passenger's side door opened and a pale feminine hand with long red fingernails stuck out from inside the car and waved him toward it.

Henry strode forward as the line of cars behind the Toyota honked and swerved into the middle lane. He peered inside at a tall young lady still in her nightgown. The sheer black material was see-through and revealed pointy full breasts with dark nipples and a dark area at her crotch.

"Get in, Uncle Henry. You are Uncle Henry, right? " the woman said, her deep voice imposing itself over the honking cars around her. "You look just like they described you."

Henry could only nod, unable to take his eyes off her Amazonesque figure.

"I heard you lived around here. Well, get in the car, before these guys behind me run me over!"

Henry slipped into the seat and closed the door behind him. Reflexively he fastened his seatbelt as the car lurched forward.

"Who are you?" Henry asked.

"Doesn't matter," the Amazon said, rushing off into traffic. "I heard all about you. Friendliest fuck in town, everybody says."

Her nipples were the puffy kind, Henry saw, with a clean cut brown foundation instead of the splotchy kind with the ragged edges. Henry fought back the urge to touch them.

"What do you want with me?"

"Relax," the Amazon said. "I don't want to fuck you." They came to a stoplight and she turned to smile at him. She smacked her lips. "I just want to suck you dry." She put her hand on his crotch and his cock immediately sprang to attention.

She put both hands back on the wheel and turned off down a side street, leaving Henry aching for more. "I just a had a terrible fight with that bastard of a boyfriend of mine," she said as she ran a stop sign. "I don't want to cheat on him, so that's why I'm not going to fuck you. But I need to do something to work off steam. I want your dick in my mouth. I'm going to suck it like it's never been sucked before.

She found a park and pulled into the parking lot under some trees and then turned to look at him again. "It's not the most private place in the world, but we won't be here long." She eyed the bulge in his crotch. "OK, Uncle Henry, let's see what you got."

Henry hesitated, feeling awkward about exposing himself to this aggressive stranger. "Are you sure--?"

The Amazon snorted and grabbed his belt buckle. "Yeah, I'm sure." As she leaned over, her breasts fell forward and commanded him to touch them. He slipped a hand under her nightgown and was rewarded with a smooth, soft feel.

"Touch all you want," the Amazon said, pulling down his zipper and then his underwear to expose his throbbing cock. "Just keep it above the waist."

Henry grunted his agreement as his thumb brought one thick nipple to life. He grunted again as she engulfed him with her mouth, ran her tongue around his cock, and sucked him like he'd never been sucked before.

There was nothing gentle about the way she grabbed him with her mouth. Her teeth raked into him so hard he was afraid she was going to bite it off. Her mouth sucked him like a vacuum cleaner, and she brought her head up and down with such vigor that she stretched him and compressed him until he didn't know which way was which. He grabbed her head to hold on for dear life. Then, as the intensity overcame him, he thrust into her face in silent, breathless passion. He thrust and he thrust and he pulled her face into him and away from him and then he let loose with everything he had. He throbbed into her mouth, into her cheeks, down her willing throat. He throbbed, gasped, and shrank. It was over.

The nameless Amazon raised her head then and smiled, licking his cum off her lips. "Thanks, Uncle Henry," she said. "That was good."

Henry lay back in the seat, gasping for air, still unable to speak. His pants were pulled down to his knees and his cock lay limp with exhaustion.

The Amazon turned the key in the ignition and the car hummed to life. "We're done here." She pulled out of the parking spot and back onto the road. "Pull your pants up, Uncle Henry. I'm dropping you off back on Oakland Park where I found you."

Henry zipped himself up and fastened his belt buckle just in time to hop out as she pulled up to the main road.

The Amazon laughed. "Nice meeting you!"

"Have a nice day," Henry said weakly as the car sped off into traffic and disappeared.