 Jessica's fingers were pale and trembling around her coffee cup. The young lady was nervous about seeing him, Henry realized. There was no reason for that. He adopted his most patient tone. "What's on your mind, Jessica?"

Her dark green eyes, a bit too small for her face, regarded him with something between anxiety and hope from beneath sliver-thin black eyebrows. She took a sip of her unpronounceable frappuccino something or other before she answered. Her words came out in a rush. "I'm a waitress at a restaurant on Los Olas Boulevard and I heard some of the customers talking about you – about a guy they called Uncle Henry. It was some redhead girl. The others were teasing her about how she lost her boyfriend and she said you were the one to blame. She even tried you out for herself and said you were amazing. And very sweet." Jessica stopped to take a breath, then continued, her voice more subdued now. "Is it true?"

"Is what true?" Henry asked. "Am I supposed to say I'm amazing?" He gazed down at his plain coffee. "This is pretty personal stuff. I don't like talking about it."

Jessica looked away for a moment. Her dark hair was shoulder length; the curls at the ends bounced as she nodded and turned back to him. "I used to have a boyfriend. He ... taught me a lot about sex. He taught me to like it." She sighed. "He taught me to love it." She placed her hands palm down on the table. "He taught me to need it."

"What happened to him?" Henry asked.

Jessica spread her arms wide, drawing attention to her own girth. "Look at me. How long do you think any man would stay with a girl like me?"

"You mean because you're--" Henry chose his words carefully; it was true this girl would take up more than her share of space in a bus's passenger seat but there was no point in being crude about it – "because you're a big girl, is that right?"

She nodded, and her eyes misted over. "I've been this way my whole life. I don't know how to be any other way."

"So he left you because of that? Seems like he should have known what he was getting into when he started with you."

She wrung her hands together. "He went off in search of a trophy girlfriend. That was over a year ago. I haven't heard from him since."

Silence fell between them. To fill it, they both reached for their coffee cups at the same time. Their hands touched.

Jessica's lower lip trembled. There was no doubt in Henry's mind as to what she wanted. Her olive-colored eyes gazed up at him in silent pleading.

"Follow me to my place," Henry said. "I'll take care of you."

He led the way in his green Ford sedan. She parked her blue Honda next to him in his driveway, and he let her into his living room. He turned around to make sure the door was locked, and when he turned back she launched herself at him.

Her lips covered his small cry of surprise. Her hands clutched his back, his arms, and buried themselves under his armpits and finally under his shirt. Henry found himself shirtless in just a few minutes.

"Slow down there, sugar," Henry said, but she didn't. Her tongue and teeth were all over Henry's chest, leaving goosebumps and little shivers of pleasure in their wake. Both hands reached down and gave Henry's butt a good squeeze. He yelped in surprise.

Jessica paused and took a deep breath. "Do you still want to do this?"

"Yeah, sure, but –"

Jessica took a step back and unbuttoned her blouse. She shrugged it off and tossed it onto the couch. Two large breasts jostled under see-through whiteness, straining to break free of the soft restraint. She reached behind her back and unfastened her bra, then stretched the ends outward and lifted them. Those tits were huge, and Henry could hardly wait to get his hands on them. His cock stirred in his pants.

"Now you've seen me," Jessica said slowly. "Are you still sure you want to do this?"

That had to be the stupidest question Henry had ever heard. "More than ever," he answered, and stepped forward to kiss her and caress her. He covered those huge boobs of hers with his hands and lifted her erect nipples into his mouth, first one and then the other, exploring their tiny enticing ridges and valleys with his tongue. Her back arched as he moistened her and probed her.

Henry wanted to carry her to his bed but he knew his limitations so he led her by the hand instead. He sat her down there and embraced her again, pressing his naked chest against hers. He liked the feel of her big breasts rubbing up against him. He pushed his face into her neck and sighed into the heat he found there, then tongued around her ear and moved downward and buried himself in those beautiful, welcoming breasts.

Jessica sunk her red-tipped fingernails into his back and dragged downward, setting his nerves on fire every inch of the way. He went for her pants, opening them and yanking down the zipper. His hand slipped under her panties and slid into her deep wet slit. She quivered and moaned. That was one hungry pussy he had in his hand. He pushed in with two fingers and caressed the grainy bulge of her gspot. Her body tensed and sex juice gushed out of her. Henry smiled.

"Oh, Uncle Henry!" she cried. She pulled her pants and undies down to her knees and Henry yanked them the rest of the way off. She lay completely naked now, her pale white body taking up more than half the queen size bed. She looked at him expectantly. Henry couldn't wait to dive in.

He rolled over and out of his clothes and then turned back to her. She stared greedily at his cock as if it were made of gold and she were a high-end cat burglar. She reached out to grasp it, to caress it, to lick it and thrust it into her mouth. Henry cried out. He was about to explode, but he didn't want to go that way. He pulled out, pushed her back, slapped on a condom with trembling hands, and plunged into that hungry pussy.

The pussy ate him up. It swallowed him whole and squeezed him, massaged him, attacked him. He attacked right back, pushing and pounding and thrusting. Their war cries split his ears but he barely noticed. He surged on to victory, conquering her with the mighty strokes of his mighty cock, exploding and yelling in triumph as she clenched her legs around him, spasmed, and let go.

In the aftermath of battle he pulled away from her, exhausted, heart still racing, supremely satisfied with the outcome. She lay panting in a pool of her own sweat. Their sweat, Henry thought. They lay without speaking for several minutes. Henry was just drifting off to sleep when the challenge came, as unnerving as a mailed gauntlet dashed to the earth by a medieval knight.

"Can you do it again?" she asked.

He stirred and opened one eye. "I'm not as young as I used to be," he pointed out.

She rested an imposing boob on his chest and looked him in the eyes. "Maybe a shower will help."

Hot water fogged up the lone mirror as Henry ushered his guest into the bathroom. He closed the shower door behind them and slid his hands down her shoulders and back and gave both butt cheeks a firm squeeze.

She turned to face him, smiling. "That's nice." She reached for the soap and lathered herself while Henry watched, spreading it on thick and sumptuous. Then she applied the soap to him, his neck, his shoulders, chest and belly. She reached for his groin.

Henry felt his cock stirring back to life. He took the soap from her and slid it over her shoulders and boobs. Her skin was smooth and slippery. Her nipples stiffened, eager for his touch. He made sure they weren't disappointed, soaping them up and rubbing them down and then pressing them against his chest while his hand stole along behind her and poked into her pussy from behind.

"Ooh," Jessica said, and turned so that her ass pushed against his stiffening cock. "Do you like that?"

Henry decided that he did. He pulled her against him, pressing his front into her back, and ran his hands up and down her breasts, stomach, and pussy. He bent to kiss her neck. It tasted soapy. He spat it out. "Let's rinse off and get out of here."

They toweled each other off and were back in the bed again, their skin still hot and moist with the shower's residue. Henry dispensed with the niceties of foreplay. Jessica didn't seem to mind. She raised her ass to welcome him deep into her pussy from behind. Henry accepted the invitation.

He plunged into her with frantic delight, gripping the two half-moons of her ass cheeks and pulling himself deep inside the hungry pussy. She froze and trembled, tickling his cock with little pussy shivers, holding herself still as he pounded her insides again and again. He gripped her around the hips now, his index fingers playing with her clit as he thrust.

A faraway soreness crept into Henry's thighs from the unaccustomed position but his hips were moving on their own now, unstoppable, his buttocks tight and his balls slamming against her, and there was nothing he or anybody else could do about it. He was on a one-way path to orgasm and you couldn't stop that any more than you could stop the stars from shining or the sun from coming up in the morning.

Jessica's back arched and she cried out and her pussy clamped down on him. Henry gasped and groaned and exploded into her. His cock throbbed again and again as it emptied its juice into her. Henry dropped himself panting on top of her when he was finished. His cock slid out on its own and he rolled over on his back.

"That," Jessica said, still breathing hard, "was...."

"I know," Henry said.

She rested an arm over his chest and he closed his eyes. When he woke up, the room was dim. It was twilight. Her breathing was soft and regular, and it tickled his neck. Gently he nudged her arm away and got up, pulled on his pants, and headed for the kitchen table to finish his shopping list. For the first time in a long time, he added condoms to the list.

Faint footsteps signaled her entrance into the kitchen. Henry looked up to see her watching him. She wore panties and bra, and was buttoning up her shirt.

"What's that?" she asked.

"Shopping list," Henry said. "I have to head out to the supermarket. You're welcome to join me."

Jessica hesitated. "No. You go on."

"You can wait here if you like. I won't be gone long."

"You would let me stay here? With all your stuff?"

"Sure. I trust you. Is there anything in particular I can get for you? I'll add it to my list."

She gazed at the floor as she shook her head. "Don't worry. Uncle Henry." She raised her head again and smiled at him. "You are a wonderful host."

Henry imagined what was going on in her mind. She didn't want to be seen in public with him, a guy twice her age, any more than that ex-boyfriend of hers had wanted to be seen with her. Just like her ex, she wasn't looking for a real relationship. She was just scratching an itch. Now that the deed was done, they had no more reason to be together.

Henry finished getting dressed. He kissed her, then stared at her for a moment to fix her in his memory. He didn't want to forget her.

Just as he thought, he came back from the supermarket to an empty house.