 Peter hadn't cum yet, and it was after 3:00 in the morning. We had been making love for over three hours. I wanted Peter to cum and I wanted to feel him cumming in me. I was open to all sorts of possibilities, and let him know so.

He had this look on his face as if he were studying his options. And then he grinned, and buried his face in my pussy, and tongue fucked me, before sliding his face down and giving my ass a tongue lashing. I didn't have long to wait to see what he wanted.

He then grasped my ankles and brought my legs up thus giving him access to my glistening ass and sopping pussy. He slid his cock deep into my pussy and fucked me hard. I felt his cock slam deep into me, and enjoyed being fucked with a passion. And then he pulled out completely and I felt the tip of his cock slide downward and slip easily into my ass. With one shove he was buried in my ass and I wiggled it to feel it move around in me. I pushed back against his impaled cock to make sure that I had it all. I wanted to feel his cock impaled in me.

Wherever he came, I wanted his cock buried up to the hilt. If he came in my ass, I wanted to feel his cum shoot deep into me there, knowing that his cum was filling my ass. And should he cum in my pussy, I wanted to feel his cum erupt into me deeply there. Either way, I wanted this to be the best fuck we both have ever had. And I was trembling as he fucked me. It felt wonderful as he fucked my pussy, and my ass. I never thought it would be so arousing to be alternately fucked in my pussy and my ass at the same time. 

Somehow I knew that it was safe. But just to make sure, I asked him to pull out of my ass. He looked at me perplexed as he was very close, but I assured him I was thinking of his pleasure and trust me. He reluctantly pulled his hard cock out of my ass, which, secretly I was glad he was reluctant about withdrawing as his slow withdrawal made me throb. I quickly turned around and wrapped my lips around his cock and sucked on him. It tasted like pussy and my ass.

He was closer than I thought because he began to moan and I felt his cock throb. I could see his balls twitching and knew that he was close to cumming. I guess a change in plans was in order. I closed my lips more firmly around his cock and proceeded to try and swallow as much of his joystick as I could. Peter helped the cause by trying to fuck my mouth. I tried to relax my throat and allow his cock to slide as deep into my mouth as possible. I felt his cock slide past my mouth and into my throat. He was deep throating me.

I wondered what it would be like to feel his cock spurt, and feel his cum shoot down my throat. But Peter was nervous about how far he had his cock inside my mouth and pulled back. I held his balls in one hand and grasped his cock with my other hand milking it as I sucked as much of his cock as I could. I felt him tense up, his cock throb. He erupted. Spurt after spurt of hot cum shot into my waiting mouth. I tried to swallow his hot salty sticky cum but again, some leaked out of my mouth.

I continued to milk his cock with my hand as I sucked him, until I felt his cock no longer spasm and pulsate, and his spurts became a slow dribble. I enjoyed the sensation of sucking his cock until he no longer oozed, knowing that I had done what I had heard as "milking him dry". His cock was now soft but still oh so suckable. I rubbed his now soft sticky cock around my face, enjoying the feeling of his cream on my skin. I also enjoyed the heady scent of his cum as well as the realization that this man had pleasured me fully, and that I truly enjoyed making love using all the pleasure spots the female body has available and has to offer.

He collapsed on the bed and moaned.

We were all bushed. It was now close to 4:00 in the morning! We had to be up in four hours. 

For sake of appearances, Peter and Paul got up and dressed, and after giving me a good morning kiss and hug returned to their room just down the hall. I closed the door and leaned against it, and realized the room had an unmistakable scent to it. So, this is what raw, unbridled, unleashed lovemaking smelled like. Pungent and musky. Wonder if the air would still have the scent when housekeeping came by. Oh well, nothing I can do about it now. With a smile I managed to make to the bed before collapsing, my skin coming into contact with several large wet areas, now feeling very cold, but sexy, and giving my sleep deprived senses one last blast, as I covered up. My mind was racing, but my body won out and I fell asleep almost immediately.

To be continued...