 Alright, I have gotten lots of requests to write more, and inspiration just happened to strike me. This is another true story; I embellished this very little if at all. Brian and I had a friends-with-benefits thing going for about 5 months, and this story happened in the middle of that time period. I hope you enjoy it. Please send feedback!

They don't mess around with security here in my building. It's a college residence hall, so they make sure they have as many locked doors between you and the rest of the world as they can manage. You've got the outside perimeter door, separate locked doors leading to the dormitory hallways, and of course the automatically locked door to your own room. All in all, it's a secure building. But I guess if you want something bad enough, you can find a way to get it. So that's where Brian comes in... literally.

I heard a knock on my door around 3am, and rolled over unhappily in my bed. I groaned to myself, wondering who could possibly be bothering me at such an ungodly hour during my busy week. I mentally tuned out the sound for a moment until I heard the knock again. I sighed heavily, not wanting to leave the warm comfort of my bed. Rolling my eyes in distress, I threw back my blankets and headed for the door. 

Upon opening it, I saw that there was no one there, however. I glared into the bright light of the hallway, and the look of annoyance on my face had to be unmistakable. I began to close the door when Brian came around the corner and up to my door frame. 'I look like shit,' I thought to myself. I was in my pajamas, my hair was askew, and no doubt I had dark circles under my eyes—ironically due to lack of sleep.

"Hey," I greeted him, trying to sound cheerful to see him. "What are you—"

"Oh, it's bright," he apologized as he let himself into my room and began to close the door behind him. "Here, here, this'll be better. I'm sorry about that." 

"No, it's okay. Are you okay?" I'm not going to lie; I wasn't entirely concerned for his health, given that he reeked of alcohol. Clearly he had stumbled over to my building after the bars closed. 

"Yeah, I'm fine," he answered. It was at this point that he reached out for me and I realized he was soaked from head to toe.

"You're soaked," I exclaimed in a whisper. 

"Yeah, it just started storming, and I didn't want to walk all the way back to my apartment," he said. "Plus, I just wanted to stop by to see you." 

Okay, so I had to smile at that. I brought my hand up to his cheek and smiled up at him. "How did you get in here? Did someone let you in?"

"Yeah, I have a key," he said. I frowned. "Okay, it's a pocket knife. But it works the same." He grinned mischievously, and my jaw dropped. 

"You're crazy!" I giggled and watched as he took off his soaked shoes and began to unbuckle his pants. 

"I'm so sorry I woke you," he said. "Here, go climb back into bed and I'll take off these wet clothes and come join you." 

Sure, it was one of those moments where my brain worked overtime to stop me from doing this, only to be muffled by my body screaming the opposite. I hesitated, but that was all I could manage. I climbed back into my warm bed and couldn't help but realize that there was heat in my cheeks and my body seemed more awake than it should have been at that hour. 

Brian climbed into bed with me wearing only his boxers and a white t-shirt, which was dry because he had been wearing layers. He was cold and damp, and I couldn't help but wrap my arms around him in an effort to warm him up. His hands immediately found their way underneath my tank top, and I squirmed because they were frozen against my skin. 

"You're so cold," I whispered close to his ear because I knew he loved my breath on his skin. I nuzzled my cheek against his and fluttered my eyelashes lightly against his face. He snuggled in closer to me and kissed my neck just once, lightly.

"I'm just glad to be here with you," he said in his low voice that he only used when we were in bed together. He looked tired, but I knew he had no intention of going straight to bed. I wrapped my arms around him just a little tighter and I noticed he was much warmer already. I kissed his eyelid gently and sighed in contentment. 

I felt his hands, which were now more comfortably warm, start to stroke my belly gently, and a quiet sigh escaped my lips. He kissed my neck more slowly, more carefully, and my fingers wound their way into his short and still damp hair. 

"Babe, I have to get up for class tomorrow," I sighed as I tilted my head back. Another case of my brain telling me to stop while my body plows ahead.

"You're so driven, so smart," he said, in between kisses. "I love that about you." He began to kiss along my jaw line and up toward my lips, which were just waiting for him. My eyes fluttered shut as if on command when his lips meant mine. There was no urgency in his kiss; it was slow and sweet, and it made something in my stomach flip several times. 

I felt his weight on top of me as he slid is body onto mine. I was somewhat surprised to feel his erection against me so soon, and I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him harder. 

"Mmm, you should take this off," he said in his low voice again as he playfully tugged at my tank top. I half smiled and shook my head before I kissed him again, and his shoulders sagged for a moment in disappointment. "You're so tense; you need a massage." This made me smile. "Alright, lay on your back, take off that shirt, and I'll be back in a second." 

I was hesitant to let him leave my arms, but I turned over after he got up and went to my vanity across the room, clearly looking for lotion of some kind. I was still hesitant to take off my shirt for fear of what might happen if he got me too worked up. He came back and straddled me as I lay there and started to massage me with his hands under my shirt. 

"You know, to do this right, you have to lose this," he tugged at my shirt again, and I was so relaxed at that point that I merely sat up a few inches and pulled it over my head. I tossed it on the floor. What harm could possibly come of this as long as I'm facing away from him? 

The next thing I felt was cool lotion on my skin; he had grabbed my favorite one by coincidence. Then his hands were on my back, so smooth and slick in the lotion he used, and any thought that had once inhabited my mind blended away into the night. His hands seemed incredibly big and unusually strong against my back. I breathed deeply, taking in every movement he made against my skin. He worked slowly, applying pressure in all the right spots and creating a heat with his hands that I hoped would never leave me. I moaned low and long; I always liked to let him know what he was doing to me.

All too soon I felt him gently lay against my back. "Did you like that?" He whispered, and I could hear him smiling. I moaned again to let him know that in fact I had enjoyed the back rub. I had enjoyed it so much, in fact, that I was wet with anticipation of what I knew was going to come afterward. It's just something about backrubs—they're one of my many turn-ons. 

I moved to turn over and he lifted his weight off me for a moment so I could face him again. I kissed him hard, with urgency, and my breathing was labored as he pressed me down onto the pillow with intensity. I had to feel his skin against mine; I couldn't stand it any longer. I found the end of his t-shirt and began to peel it over his head. He broke our kiss for an instant so I could pull it over his head and toss it onto the floor, and then he was back on top of me. 

He took his time with me no matter how badly I wanted to strip down with him. He kissed his way down to my breast as he massaged it gently with his hand. I was small inside his big hand, but he enjoyed every square inch of me nonetheless. He took my nipple in his mouth and kissed it tantalizingly. Then he blew cold air lightly on it to make it stand out hard. He sucked me again then, and my fingers were pressing into his hair while my breath quickened slightly. 

Before I knew what was happening, he was untying the string on my pajama pants and sliding them with my panties down my legs. He nearly killed me when he slid hid hand up my ankle, the inside of my leg, brushing past my pussy, up my belly, and all the way to my cheek. He took my cheek in my hand and kissed me passionately.

I'm quite certain my heart stopped as he left burning kisses down my belly, lingering at my belly button, and continuing down to my thighs. My legs spread apart as though they had a mind of their own, and the feel of his lips working down both of my inner thighs sent electricity through every fiber in my body. I was scared to move because I didn't want him to stop. 

My breath audibly caught in my throat as I felt his tongue against my clit. I couldn't believe the way he made me feel with his tongue; no man had ever performed oral sex on me before. I could have guessed what to expect, but it was nothing compared to what he was doing to me. I felt insecure having him down there, wondering if he was enjoying himself. A forceful moan rose out of me when he took my clit between his lips and sucked hard on it. He alternated his tongue and his fingers while he worked my clit. I had never felt anything like it, and it was driving me insane. 

My breath was labored and shuddering now, and before I knew what was happening, he was back up to kiss me again. I wanted to taste myself in his mouth, to see what it was like. The taste was light and barely noticeable at all, so I broke our kiss to suck his finger in my mouth as well. He watched me with great interest while I sucked his finger. 

"You taste good," he whispered with hardness in his voice. I kissed him again and pulled him as close to me as I could get him with my arms on his back. I was more than ready to come; all he had to do was ask and I was there. I was convinced he didn't even need to touch me. 

It was like he read my mind; his fingers were back down to my clit, rubbing in quick circles. I broke away from his mouth and closed my eyes. It was a few seconds before I arched my back and moaned as quietly as I could. I could scarcely make a sound because I couldn't breathe. The orgasm carried on for an unusually long time, and he watched me in my bliss until I rode the whole thing out. I scratched his back hard with my nails when I came; he always enjoyed that kind of thing. 

All at once I collapsed and he kissed me dangerously long because I could barely breathe as it was. My chest was heaving and my body felt exhausted. I reached hungrily down to the band of his boxer shorts and groped his ass inside them. He visibly enjoyed it, and I slid his shorts down as far as I could so he could kick them off. I wasn't even close to being satisfied by just feeling his naked body against mine, but it was definitely a start.

His cock was hard but smooth and warm, and I loved the feel of him against my skin. His hands were all over me and just his kisses on my skin were brining me close to another orgasm already. He could feel the strain in my body, and he reached down again to bring me to climax.

This one came even quicker than the last one and lasted nearly as long. I moaned his name, louder this time because I couldn't contain my excitement. I didn't care if the neighbors heard me; it certainly wouldn't be the first time. He watched me closely as he knew I was getting close, and then the orgasm collapsed on me. I shuddered hard and bucked underneath him; this one seemed stronger than the last. Instead of arching my back this time I clung to him for dear life as sparks shot through his fingers into my body. When it was over I was even more exhausted but still not satisfied yet. I had worked up as sweat, and he was starting to as well. The heat seemed to radiate off our bodies, but it only spurred us on. Before I could catch my breath, I brought his mouth close to mine. 

"I want to fuck you," I panted hungrily. A little dirty talk never hurt anybody, right?

"I want you so bad," he panted back. "I want to be inside you," he whispered as he fingered me again. I was about ready to snap. 

"Don't make me wait any longer," I whined. I was fully prepared to beg him to fuck me. I couldn't stand it any longer. "Please don't make me wait." He smiled, and I knew he liked dirty talk.

"Just a little while longer," he grinned. He reached down and I felt the head of his cock, moist with precum, edging into my pussy. I don't know what stopped me from grabbing his ass and pushing him into me as hard as I could, but I waited. 

"Please," I whispered, but he just kissed me hard. I was ready to throw him against the wall and have my way with him, but still he made me wait. I felt him easing his cock up and down my pussy, massaging my raw clit and all the way down to my ass. I was dripping with come, so ready to have him fuck me. 

As smooth as he could, he shifted his body so he was spooning with me. I let him take the lead because, honestly, at this point I was at his mercy anyway. He lifted my right leg and draped it over both of his, and I felt his cock against my pussy again. I instinctively started to grind on him, and he reached around to massage my breasts while I lay there in torture. 

I tilted my head toward him so he could kiss me again, and I moaned deep into his mouth. He massaged me harder, and I began to push hard on his cock. I wanted him inside me more than I wanted to live to see another day. I couldn't take it any more, and finally he gave me what I wanted. 

"You ready," he asked, his voice gruff and sexy right in my ear. 

"Oh God, Brian," I moaned. "Please fuck me. I can't take this anymore." I could barely speak because I couldn't catch my breath. 

I finally felt him edge into me again, and my entire body screamed, waiting for him to fill me up. He pushed his way into me, stretching me to the point where it hurt just enough for me to enjoy it way too much. He was trying to go slow, but I thrust my hips back into him and forced him all the way in. It hurt at first, but I loved the pain from him. He groaned deep when he was all the way inside me, and it was then that I realized how close he was. 

"Go easy, baby," I whispered. I never wanted him to stop, so I figured we should take things slow. He pulled out of me and then pushed back into me. There was more pain, but not nearly as bad as the first time. He was kissing my neck and my back and massaging my clit with his free hand while he penetrated me. I thought I might black out just from the feel of him inside me. 

"Don't stop," I begged. I heard his breath catch in his throat a few times and knew he was struggling to last. "Please don't stop, Brian."

I was coming close to another orgasm again, and I knew he wouldn't be able to last much longer after I came again. I quickened our pace without thinking, and couldn't help but moan at the sound of his cock sliding in and out of my dripping pussy. He was holding my leg far back so he could fuck me deeper, and I loved every second of it. 

At last his pace quickened and I was moaning more constantly. My orgasm crashed into me as he fucked me harder and harder, and he clutched me close against him while I came. He drove harder into me as I came down from my climax, and before I knew it, my head was slamming into the headboard with every thrust. I didn't mind at all; it was a turn-on for me, but before long he put his hand between my head and the board so I wouldn't hurt myself. 

His pace was frantic now, and I urged him to come into me. I talked dirty to him and moaned his name, and at last he moaned mine back as I felt him come into me. He shuddered hard and grabbed hold of me tighter than ever while he came and moaned my name. 

We were both exhausted after he came into me, and I didn't want him to pull out of me right away. He did anyway, and immediately wrapped his arms around me and held me. We were out of breath and sweaty, but satisfied and content. Before we dozed off, we talked a little. For the most part, however, we were spent and were ready to sleep. Just before he dozed off, I snuggled up to him and smiled.

"You can break into my room any time," I grinned at him. Then we fell asleep together, and yes, I slept through my class that morning.