 Kara ran to her car through a rain shower, pulled the door open and got in, slamming the button to lock all the doors. She started the engine and cranked on the heat in an attempt to stop the shivers that ran through her body. She hugged her arms against her torso and cried. 

"Damn him!" she cursed. "Damn him to hell!" She could feel his ejaculate where it had slid down her inner thighs. She could smell him on her skin. 

She rested her forehead against her steering wheel and tried to calm her breathing. She needed to get as far away from HIM as possible, but it wouldn't help her to have an accident. Finally she felt calm enough to drive and backed out of her parking space. She carefully swung her car around to head for the exit of the parking lot. When she was facing the direction of the jobsite trailer, she could clearly see Kyle in the doorway watching her. She tried, only partially successfully, to stop her sobs. 

Instead of driving to her normal restaurant spot, she just drove home. She didn't know how she could face the possibility of coming near to Kyle again. Once home, she used her phone to send Tim, her boss, an email explaining that she had gotten suddenly sick while out for lunch and was going to take the rest of the day off. Then she shut off her phone before she could receive a reply. She pulled off her clothes and threw them away before climbing into the shower to wash Kyle off of her skin. She sobbed as she scrubbed. She didn't get out of the shower until the water turned cold. She dried herself and crawled naked into her bed, too tired to do anything else. 

It was well past midnight when she woke up in the darkness of her room, her heart pounding with fear. It took her a few minutes to calm down, telling herself that she wasn't in any immediate danger. She crept through her little house to the kitchen in the dark, looking for her purse in order to get her phone, before realizing she had left it in the bathroom. She found her phone and took it back to bed with her in order to plug it in to the charger before turning it back on. She saw a message from Tim telling her to take as much time as she needed which brought a tear to her eye. She knew he'd been worried about how many hours she was working. 

She got down to business, searching for information on the construction company working around her building. She knew the name of the contractor; the name was on all their equipment including Kyle's trailer. She was looking for who to file a formal complaint with when the company's homepage popped up and she gasped, dropping her phone out of suddenly nerveless hands. It took her some time to calm her breathing and still her shaking hands enough to pick her phone back up and look again at the homepage. If featured a picture of four men abreast, grinning, their arms around each other's shoulders. "Three Generations - Working for YOU" the banner read. 

Kara read with a sinking stomach the short blurb that explained that the company founder, his son-in-law, and the grandsons still ran the company together after over 50 years in business. Kyle was clearly a grandson. So much for reporting him to his management, she thought. She had already considered and rejected going to the police and reporting what had happened to her as an assault, but she knew in her heart that it would be a case of "he said vs. she said" and she would be ruined no matter what came of it in court. It was a fact that she had begged him there towards the end. She felt sick just thinking about it. 

She crawled back out of bed and got dressed in pajama pants and a t-shirt so that she could go to a 24-hour pharmacy and buy a 'morning after' pill to at least put her mind at ease there. She couldn't face the idea that she might carry his child. He had already violated her terribly, a pregnancy would just prolong that. She acquired what she was looking for and slunk back to her house, took the pill in her bathroom, tossed the packaging in the trash and crawled back into bed. 

She tried to sleep but couldn't stop thinking about Kyle. She was just so... angry. She had liked him. If he'd asked her on a date, she would have accepted. She had been fantasizing about him for weeks. And then he took from her what she would gladly have given him if he'd only asked her nicely. She finally fell into a restless sleep and woke up exhausted when her alarm sounded. She lay in bed and decided to take the day off. Actually, since it was only Thursday she sent an email to her boss telling him she wouldn't be in until Monday. What she really needed was a long weekend of watching Netflix and eating ice cream. On the plus side, she was no longer so angry at Kyle, just incredibly sad at his betrayal of her trust, her heart aching for what might have been. 

Right at 11:15 in the morning she had just finished watching The Martian and was in the kitchen making herself a plate of hummus and pita when her doorbell rang. She was startled by the noise but went to the door nonetheless. She could see through the leaded glass door panel that a man stood on her porch holding an enormous bouquet of dark blue irises. The doorbell rang a second time before she reached the door. Annoyed, she yanked it open. 

"Can I help you," she asked impatiently. 

"Flowers for Miss Jenkins," a familiar voice said, as he pushed his way into her home. 

"No!" She tried to shut the door on him, but he again proved much too strong for her. 

"I'm not going to hurt you, Kara," Kyle said, pressing the bouquet into her trembling hands. "I'm here to apologize. I brought you lunch from your sandwich shop." 

Kara looked at him over the flowers, her blue-gray eyes wide and filled with tears. 

"I'm really sorry, Kara," Kyle said, his deep voice husky with emotion. "Yesterday I... I let my animal instincts take over. I lost control. I just took what I wanted. I had no right. I'm sorry." He ran his hand through the mop of sandy blond hair at the top of his head back toward his crown. 

"I really, really like you," he knew he was babbling but he couldn't help himself. "You're gorgeous. You know you're incredibly smart. I've been thinking about you day and night for weeks. I want you so bad... I want to... Can we maybe start over? I know I don't deserve a second chance. But I have to ask." 

Kara considered him for a long time without saying anything. 

"Give me a minute," she said and went into her kitchen to find a vase for the flowers. 

Kyle looked around her foyer. Her house was pretty much what he would have expected of her he thought, suppressing a grin. It was a tiny 1930s era Arts & Crafts bungalow, the exterior painted a slate blue. It was feminine, but not excessively so. From where he was standing just inside her front door he could see that most, if not all, the rooms had rich oak hardwood flooring. The living room featured an enormous overstuffed brown leather sofa piled with throw pillows and draped with an afghan in navy blue, hunter green, and burgandy. Two navy blue wingback chairs flanked the fireplace, and there were several bookshelves holding more books than he had ever seen in one place outside of a library or bookstore. The walls that were not covered in shelving had some nice oil paintings and watercolors. Two were of purple irises, which caused Kyle to do a mental fist-pump at having picked out the right kind of flowers for her. 

He took the two steps that brought him to the doorway to the dining room. It was easy to tell that the round oak pedestal table rarely hosted a meal for more than one. At one chair there was a single placemat, a paperback book open face-down next to it, indicating that was where she sat to eat. In front of another chair was a neat pile of mail, a letter open next to it. At a third spot a mouse pad, headset, and power cord were obvious indications that Kara worked from there on her laptop. Kyle sat down the bag holding her sandwich on the placemat and waited for her. 

Kara walked into the dining room carrying the irises in a tall crystal vase and sat them in the middle of the dining table. It wasn't lost on Kyle that she kept the table between the two of them, giving her some protection from any moves from him. 

"The thing is, Kyle...," she started and stopped, not looking at him. "The thing is. I'm really, really angry at you. You took... You took my choices away from me," she said, her voice halting. "I told you to stop! 

"I liked you," she said, finally meeting his eyes. "I thought we were friends. The fact is, I was hoping you'd ask me out on a date. I wanted to get to know you better. But all you wanted was a quick... fuck. I guess? 

"I don't know how we can start over," a sob caught in her throat. "You hurt me very badly." 

"I know. I am so, so sorry." 

"I don't trust you. I don't know how you earn that back. And I can't be friends with someone I don't trust. 

"You told me the first time we talked that if I had anyone act inappropriate towards me, I should tell you and you would make sure they were disciplined. But who do I tell when you are the one being inappropriate? Your dad is your boss! I looked it up on the internet last night. 'Inappropriate', ha! That's rich! It shouldn't apply to both cat-calling and assault..." 

"Do you... do you want me to go?" he asked, swallowing a lump in his throat. 

"I should say 'yes'. But really, I don't know what I want. Except for what you did to me yesterday to have never happened." 

He just looked at her, at a loss as to what to say. As he watched her, she began to sob harder and had to put a hand out to the back of one of her dining chairs to steady herself. Without thinking about it, Kyle walked around the table and gathered her into his arms in an attempt to comfort her. Kara gasped and stiffened when she felt him touch her, but she did not pull away. She actually relaxed into his arms when he did no more than hold her against his chest. She rested her forehead against his shoulder and drew in one calming breath and then another. She tentatively moved her hands up to his chest and tilted her head back to look at him. Her lips parted and he slowly leaned down toward her, until their lips were close enough that she could feel his warm breath on her mouth. She stretched up the few millimeters it took for their lips to connect. She moaned when she felt his tongue sweep across her teeth. His hands moved down to her hips and held her tightly against him while their mouths continued to explore each other. She could feel his erection growing against her stomach. They kissed each other, lips parted, tongues sliding over each other for several minutes before Kara pulled away to again look into Kyle's eyes. 

"What are we doing," she whispered. 

"We are just kissing. Getting to know each other better. Like you wanted." 

Kyle made gently circles with his thumbs over the fabric of her pants at her hips. 

"Can I touch you," he asked against her mouth. 

They continued to kiss for several moments before Kara responded. "Yes, please. Touch me, Kyle," her voice was low and breathy with desire. Immediately his hands slid from her hips to the hem of her t-shirt to draw it up and off of her. Then he brought his hands to cup her soft firm breasts, weighing them with his palms, enjoying their size in his hands. His thumbs slid across her nipples and she moaned into his mouth. He gently pinched and rubbed her now hard nipples. Her hands slid up his chest and around his neck, crushing his mouth against hers. He slid one of his hands from where it was pushed against her breast and caressed her round bottom trough her pajama pants. When she didn't object he slid his palm back up to her waist so that he could bring his fingers under the waistband of her pants and slide his palm down to cup her bare ass. 

He trailed kisses along her jaw to her ear as she gasped out her moans at his soft caresses. "I want to taste you," he murmured directly into her ear. His lips moved down her neck and over the swell of her right breast until he found her nipple. He gently licked and nibbled until her hips started rocking of their own volition. He knelt in front of her and carefully tugged down her pants. She was so aroused that the scent of her pussy was soon thick in his nose. She looked down at him, her eyes dark with arousal. He looked up at her, his eyes equally dark, and licked his lips in anticipation. He lifted his hands to her hips and pulled her down to sit on the edge of the dining chair. As soon as she sat, he pushed her knees apart and bowed his head to bring his tongue to her folds. 

"Oh god! Kyle!" she moaned. 

"I'm going to eat this pussy until you scream," he growled. 

Her eyes flew open in fear and anxiety when she heard him. It reminded her again of what he had done to her yesterday. She shrank back, trying to close her knees but he was between them. He looked up at her and cursed himself. He knew immediately that the aggression in his voice had scared her. 

"I'm sorry, darlin'," he said, drawing away from her onto his haunches. "Do you need me to stop? I don't want to hurt you again." 

Her lips trembled as she looked at him through her eyelashes. She reached an unsteady hand out and twined her fingers in his hair, pulling him back towards her and up to her mouth so they could share more passionate kisses. They kissed, her sitting on the edge of the chair completely naked, him kneeling in front of her for several minutes before he again moved his mouth off of hers, licking her down her neck and to her chest. He leisurely licked each of her breasts until they were wet with his saliva. He sucked and gently bit her nipples, causing her to make soft kitten-like sounds of pleasure. Her hips were rotating with need by the time he moved his lips down her torso to her belly button to the top of her neatly trimmed mons. 

He looked up at her but he could not see her eyes due to the fact her head was flung back. He watched her chest rise and fall and the fingers of her left hand pinch and rub her nipple. He glided his left hand along her inner thigh to her knee, lifting her calf and resting it on the table. His right hand pushed her left thigh back and he quickly dipped his mouth to her labia, licking her from her asshole to her clitoris in one swift motion and eliciting a long drawn out moan from her. He did it again and she gasped. His left hand went up to find her right hand and moved it to her right knee. She knew he was asking her to hold herself open for him. He used his right elbow to hold her other leg back and slipped the middle finger of his right hand into her vaginal opening and swirled it around. 

"Oh god," she whimpered when he leaned in and touched the tip of his tongue to her erect clit. Soon he was sliding his finger in and out of her while tapping her clit with his tongue. She started writhing under his attention and her moans grew louder. When he felt her body start to tense, signalling that she was oh so close to coming, he withdrew his finger and started licking her with the flat of his tongue. Her body relaxed with disappointment. Kyle brought her to near orgasm a second time using similar methods before again withdrawing. 

"Kyle, please," Kara moaned, breathless "stop teasing me. Please stop teasing me." 

"Whatever you want, darlin'," he said, so close to her center that she felt the vibration of his deep voice against her hot button. 

This time he attacked her with his mouth, ferociously licking biting and sucking, his fingers busy wherever his mouth was not. When he felt her start to tense, he moved his fingers to her clit and his tongue to her hole. Her left hand grabbed him by the back of his head and pulled him towards her while her body arched, thrusting her onto his face. She screamed out her ecstasy and he smiled to feel her cream coat his tongue. He drank of her nectar, slurping and licking her even as she shuddered through her orgasm. After several seconds he felt her go limp. He rocked back away from her before drawing a bandana out of his back pocket and using it to wipe her cream off his face and around his mouth. 

He got to his feet and then squatted down next to her to gather her up and lift her into his arms. She struggled a bit, but her body was so relaxed from her tremendous orgasm that she had no strength to really fight him. And she didn't really want to. 

"What are you doing?" Kara asked Kyle softly as he carried her toward the back of her house. 

"I'm taking you to bed so I can make sweet love to you," Kyle said, his voice thick with lust. He pushed his way through a swinging door at the back of the living room, assuming a typical floor plan of this type of house, the bedroom should be there. He found himself in a wide rectangular hall. To his left an arched doorway led to the kitchen, beyond that there were two closed doors on each side. 

"Back right," Kara said, breathless in his arms. 

He pushed the door with his elbow and was glad it opened without him having to turn the knob since his hands were otherwise occupied. Her bedroom was tiny, which was no surprise to him considering the age of the house. What did surprise him was that the tiny room was occupied by a king-size bed that barely left any room between it and the walls on either side. The crisp white cotton bedding was rumpled, a TV remote tossed indifferently in its center. A mid-size wall-mounted flat screen television dominated the wall at the foot of the bed. It was on and playing a screen saver. 

He gently lay her on the bed and then sat to remove his tan work boots and socks. Kara stroked her naked breasts and body as she watched him stand to remove first his tight white t-shirt then his well-worn blue jeans. Their eyes locked on each other when he pulled the waistband of his orange boxer briefs out and over his rigid member, dropping them around his ankles. She gasped at the sight of him. Yesterday she had only seen him sprouting out of his pants, had only felt him pressing into her, inexorably opening her up, but she had not gotten a good look at him. She had just seen enough to know he was large. His cock was relatively long at about 8 inches, but it was his girth that made her gasp. He was easily bigger around than her wrist, maybe even as big as a beer bottle Had he not already taken the choice from her yesterday and proved he could, she would not have been sure he would fit inside of her. He smirked at her when he saw the shiver of anticipation that shook her breasts enticingly at the sight of him. 

Kyle climbed into her bed, kneeling between her parted legs and lay on top of her, pressing his mouth to hers. 

"God, Kara!" he said, using his arms to push himself up so he could look at her. "I really can't get enough of you. How your skin tastes. How sweet your pussy is," his hips started flexing and he watched her lips part when he dragged the tip of his cock over her wet folds. "I'm glad you are giving me another chance. I know I don't deserve it." 

Kara looked up at him, her arousal clear on her face. She ran her hands from his hips up along his ribs to his chest. She ran her fingers through the coarse hair on his chest. He settled down onto his elbows and she kissed his neck and chest. Her warm lips against him made him groan. Her knees slid up to his hips, opening her wide to him. He leaned onto his left elbow so he could reach down and position himself at her entrance. He watched her eyes widen as he slowly pressed his hips forward, sliding his cock into her. He moved slowly, allowing her body to adjust to him. When he finally bottomed out, they both let out a low moan. Kyle lay on top of her, the weight of his upper body resting on his elbows, his hands caressing her hair and face as he bent and flexed, forcibly driving his hard rod into her. She grunted at the impact. He did it again and soon he was moving to a primal rhythm, her ankles crossed behind him, her hips rising to meet each of his thrusts as their tongues duelled each other. Her grunts punctuating each thrust. She screamed out her orgasm as he pounded relentlessly into her. He gritted his teeth, determined not to blow his load just yet. Eventually Kyle leaned back on his knees, drawing Kara's ass onto his lap before using his strong arms to pull her up so she straddled him, their sweat-slick bodies pressed together. He moved her up and down on his hard cock like a rag doll, his mouth sucking and biting on her nipples as he bounced her. 
