 I knew I was gonna get some tonight. All through the day you had been dropping subtle (and some not so subtle) hints about how horny you where. Plus I could just tell. The way you 'accidentally' rubbed my cock while you walked past me. Or how you seem to have forgotten how hot I think you look when you wear that skirt.

Not wanting to seem too eager, I tried to play it off, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. In truth, I'd been hard as rock all day because of your almost constant teasing. I had a feeling you had something planned, so I let my erection rage all day, wondering what you had in mind.

That night, as I walked into the bedroom I could hear you in the bathroom.

"Hey baby, why don't you get undressed and sit down in the chair" you called in a sultry voice that left no doubt as to your intentions.

I was more than happy to oblige at this point. We often used this chair for sex games. It was a simple ladder-back chair with a comfortable cushion. My mind raced, trying to figure out what you where planning. With every new thought my cock twitched with anticipation.

I didn't have long to think, 'cause soon you stepped out of the bathroom. You wore a pair of white lacy boy shorts that perfectly accented your hips and ass, and covered just enough that I couldn't wait to get them off to see everything. Your breasts where covered in a matching bra, that just barely kept me from seeing your nipples.

Barely able to contain myself I jumped up to embrace you. The only thing I got was your finger in my chest though.

"I thought I asked you to sit in the chair." You said with supreme confidence.

A shiver ran through me as I sat back down in the chair. I loved when you used that voice, but I had no clue what you had in store. I couldn't believe how turned on I was, and we hadn't even done anything.

You slowly walked around me, trailing your finger across my chest. I heard the whisper of silk from behind me, and suddenly my wrists were being bound to the chair. My heart beat fast. Still you said nothing as you securely bound my wrists, firm but not too tight.

When you moved your hands away, I attempted to pull free of my bonds. It was lose enough that I could move a little, but still tight enough that I couldn't get free. Satisfied with your work, you walked back around to face me, once again trailing your finger across me.

Even though I trusted you completely, I still felt so exposed. Which was exactly what you wanted me to feel. You straddled me, making sure my cock was pressed up against your already very hot pussy. Ever so slowly you started grinding against me. Then you leaned down to whisper in my ear.

"Now, what's going to happen my dear, is I'm going to make you cum, and there's nothing you can do it about. You couldn't stop me even if you wanted to. But of course you don't want to," you said, so smug, so sure of yourself.

Like a snake without a care in the world, you slid down my body. My cock seemed to rub every little contour of your body, no matter how I moved. After what felt like an eternity you where kneeling in front of me. You ran your silky soft hands along my thighs and my stomach.

Your touch sent shivers down my spine. Just when I thought I was becoming used to your palms, like a cat playing with its claws, you gently scratched, your nails tracing across my abs. I felt like I had been jolted with electricity. I couldn't help but gasp. You laughed in that wonderfully sultry voice of yours.

"See? I've already got you so worked up, you can't wait to cum. You're so easy to get going," you said as your nails traced down my thigh, causing my cock to jump. You laughed again.

It was absolute torture, having you so close to my cock but not touching it. I could feel the heat from your body, your breath, but I wanted your hand, your mouth, your pussy. I tried to move my hips, to bring my aching cock into contact with something.

"Aw, what's wrong? Do you wanna cum that badly already? Mmm, I told you wouldn't want me to stop." You smirked.

"Please," was all I could gasp.

"Hm, not yet." You said.

You slid your back up my body, some how managing to not touch my cock. How much could one man take I wondered. I was about to try and say something when you straddled my hips. You carefully arranged my cock so that it sat right in the crack of your ass. It was so wonderful to feel your warm ass cheeks against my cock, but it still wasn't enough.

Your wet lips kissed the side of my neck. Gently sucking, then nipping with your teeth. I was helpless. I bucked my hips trying to get some friction against, but you rode my like a pro. Groans escaped from my lips no matter how I tried to stop them.

Like you had all the time in the world, you kissed around my neck and collar bone. Slowly you worked your way down to my nipples. I moaned loudly and threw my head back. The feeling of your warm wet mouth sucking my hard nipples was incredible. Which ever nipple wasn't in your mouth was treated to your expert hands.

After a minute of teasing my nipples you kissed your way back up to my mouth. You kissed me passionately, dancing your tongue in my mouth. I sucked desperately at your lips, thankful for the sensation. Your ass stared to slowly grind against my cock. I couldn't help but sigh.

When you stopped your grinding I think I whimpered a little. You stood in front of me and turned displaying that spectacular ass. Your hands forced my legs apart, and you slowly lowered your ass onto my cock again. With infinite care you gently bounced and ground your ass on my cock.

It was just enough sensation that I wanted more. It felt like heaven, but I desperately needed more. I threw my head back and groaned. Your hands rubbed my thighs, as if advertising how good your touch could be.

"Oh god please stop teasing me." I finally moaned.

You laughed a deep throaty laugh.

"Aww, poor baby. Do you need to cum that badly?" You replied

All I could do was nod.

You turned and knelt before me. It was pure bliss when I finally felt your hand wrap around my cock. You ran your hand all over my cock, covering it in the pre-cum that leaked from my head. I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt, as you firmly grasped my cock. Without further teasing you began quickly stroking my cock.

"You are already so close to cumming aren't you? I can't believe how easy it is to get you off."

I wished I could have said I wasn't, but you knew me to well. That familiar feeling was building in my balls. I closed my eyes, and tried to stop it, but it was hopeless. You hand moved even quicker on my cock.

"Just let it go, you know you want to. You know you want to cum for me."

No matter how I tried, I felt my orgasm coming. I groaned, and my cock started spurting cum. The first shot landed on your face, the rest spraying on to my stomach. You kept whispering to me the whole time, still stroking my cock, milking every last bit of cum out of me.

I couldn't believe how long and hard I came. When you finally stopped milking my cock, I noticed I was sweating, and breathing like I had just run a marathon. You delicately licked some cum from your hand as you stood up.

"You never stood a chance against me sweetie. I told you I was going to make you cum," You glanced down at my cock, which about half erect at this point "And since you don't seem to be up for any more fun, you'll just have to watch." You said as you went and lay down on the bed.

I watched as you peeled your boy shorts off, exposing your wet pussy. My cocked twitched, as your slowly removed your bra, exposing yourself totally to me. One of your hands stayed to play with your nipples, while the other trailed down your stomach to your pussy.

You quickly lost yourself in pleasure, as you slid a finger into your pussy. I tugged at my bonds, and noticed they had come slightly loose. As quietly as I could I tried to work my hands free, not wanting to alert you. The silk band loosened bit by bit, until I was able to pull my hands free.

But I waited. Your head was thrown back, and you moaned softly. I untied the silk cord and walked over to the bed. By the time you realized I was there, it was too late. I rolled you on to your stomach, ignoring your screams. Without saying I word I pulled your wrists behind your back, leaving enough silk that I had a handle to grab onto.

I bent you over the edge of the bed, and started playing with your pussy. You moaned and tried to squirm away, but there simply was nowhere for you to go. I slid two fingers into you, and felt how hot you already where. My cock sprang back to life, just as hard as I had been earlier.

"So you thought I was easy to make me cum, hmm? Well I'm going to make you pay for that. I'm going to make you cum until you beg me to stop." I said in a low whispered.

I gently caressed your clit, while my fingers continued to fuck your pussy.

"You'll uh..never be ah...able to make me, ah cum that much." You said between moans, trying to sound as confident as you had earlier.

You moaned, and I knew your first orgasm was about to hit. I pulled back on my leash and put another finger inside you. You screamed and your whole body shook. When you finally stopped I leaned down next your head and whispered...

"That was just the beginning."

I pulled my fingers out and positioned my cock at your pussy. Without warning I pushed into you, feeling your wonderfully tight pussy give way before my cock. You grunted, and tried to move away. My leash stopped that.

You couldn't stop from moaning as I started fucking you, mercilessly pounding my cock into your pussy. My free hand reached underneath you and started stroking your clit. It didn't take long at all until your next orgasm came. I barely paused before I started fucking you again.

I delighted in watching your ass jiggle as I slammed my cock into your pussy. But I thought about how you had teased me earlier. Suddenly I pulled my cock out of you, and heard you sigh. Whether from relief, or longing I couldn't say. Without warning I flipped you onto your back and pulled your legs up.

With your arms still tied behind your back, you where completely helpless, much as I had been earlier. I positioned my cock right at the entrance of your pussy and stopped there. You groaned and wriggled your hips. Now it was my turn to laugh.

I leaned in and kissing across your neck. Much as you had done to me, I kissed, licked, a bit my way across your sensitive neck. You closed your eyes and arched your back forward, inviting me to do more.

My tongue traced its way down to your nipple. I carefully licked all around then, but never touched them. You arched your back even further, trying to force your nipples into my mouth. I rubbed my cock up and down your pussy, occasionally using the head to rub your clit.

"Fuck me." You whimpered in my ear.

"What was that?" I asked.

"Please fuck me. I can't stand it any longer. I need you to uhhh fuck me." You said before a moan cut you off.

As much as I wanted to keep teasing you, I need to fuck you. With warning I slammed my cock into. You rewarded with a scream of pleasure. I kept changing my stroke, never letting you get used to anything. Sometimes slamming your pussy as fast I could, other times fucking you with slow long strokes. My fingers danced across your clit, and occasionally played with your nipples.

I lost count of how many times you came. Your moaning became louder, and you soon stopped fight all together. Maybe you hoped to gain a reprieve by letting me have my way with you.

Finally after your latest orgasm I heard you whimper.

"Oh please stop fucking me. My pussy can't take any more. I'll do anything, just please don't make me cum any more." You sounded a little hoarse from all the moaning and screaming.

"Hmm, I told you you'd beg me to stop." I said smugly as I untied the silk bond.

I pulled my cock out of your slick pussy.

"Now why don't you suck me off, or I might be tempted to fuck you more." I said as I stood with my hands on my hips.

You quickly knelt down in front of me and took my cock into your mouth. It was hard to believe, but your mouth felt almost as good as your pussy did. You played with my balls, and stroked the portion of my cock you couldn't fit in your mouth. My cock was still so sensitive, I knew it wouldn't be long.

I grabbed the back of your head, and speed your pace up. You put your hands on my thighs, and let me fuck your mouth. When I felt myself starting to cum, I pushed my cock into your mouth, almost gagging you. I felt your hands squeeze my thighs, but you didn't pull back.

My cock exploded into your mouth, releasing the little cum you had left in me from earlier. You continued licking my cock, making sure you got every drop this time. I pulled my cock out of your mouth, and watched you swallow my load.

I helped you up, and kissed you deeply, careless of what we had just done. We laid down together, and I held you close.

"That'll teach you tie better knots in the future." I murmured in your ear, savoring the heat from your body.

"I never was very good at tying knots." You said with a giggle as you snuggled back against me.

I drifted off to sleep, completely satisfied.