 I'm sorry it's taken this long to get you an update but I became a father a couple of months ago, and my son does tend to take my time and attention.

Thank you all for the many encouraging words and suggestions. Honestly, I doubt I'd have finished this chapter if it weren't for my eager audience. 





Saturday morning Bret mercifully had the opportunity to sleep in – which both he and Bubbles took full advantage of. In fact, the sun was high in the sky when Bret finally did wake up, somewhat confused at first – it was, after all, the first time he ever woke up with a woman in his arms.

And a beautiful, sexy woman at that. As the desire to sleep slowly left him, he couldn't help but study the magnificent creature he'd spent the night with. Her long, honey-blonde hair was still in its corkscrew-curls and flowed down to her shoulders, acting like a beautiful, soft pillow – save for one stray curl that hung across her face. Carefully, so as not to disturb her sleep, he took the little rebel and placed it next to the others, giving him an unhindered view of his wonderful lover.

She was on her back, so Bret could see all of her face, including the hideously-coloured eye her ex had given her. Even with a black eye though, she was undeniably cute, he agreed with himself. Her face had a soft, elfin quality, from the gentle line of her jaw to her delicate little nose.

God, he loved looking at her! She was just as near perfection as any woman he'd ever seen, from her carefully plucked eye-brows to her soft, full lips... lips made for kissing. 

Well, kissing, and something else, he thought as he remembered how skilfully she'd used them for... other pleasurable activities last night. With that thought in mind his eyes travelled further down her body, though she was sadly covered from the neck down by a heavy quilt, and even her mighty boobs were only seen as a slight bump in the fabric. 

Still, even the memory of her soft curves was enough to cause an interesting effect in his boxers, and the more he looked (and remembered the fun they'd had the night before), the harder it grew. Soon, it was doing all the thinking for him – and it certainly wasn't happy with just looking!

Ever so slowly, he pulled the lower corner of the quilt, until he lifted it off her foot, then her lower leg, knee until he had an un-obscured view of her thigh and her tiny, powder-blue panties. With a horny smile, he crawled in under the quilt between her slightly parted legs – he pushed a bit against her thigh, and she obediently spread them further. Even in her sleep she took directions well, he mused and carefully puller her thong aside, leaving nothing between him and her sweet little pussy. 

There wasn't a lot of light down there, but Bret didn't need his eyes, just his tongue that quickly found its way to that special spot of delights and pleasures.

She felt very different than last night. Instead of wet and... well, open, her outer-lips hindered his entrance, in effect sealing off the Promised Land. A little confused but always willing to learn more about this very important aspect of anatomy, he let his tongue slowly slide up and down her hairless labia, wiggling and tickling the best he could. She didn't taste like she had last night at all – she basically just tasted like... skin. A bit salty and that was it. Figuring he couldn't have much fun with her dry like this, he summoned up some spit and did his best to moisten her as he kept licking her.

"Mhm..." Bubbles sighed, and Bret immediately paused, wondering if she were awake yet but she didn't move and didn't say anything. With a wry, proud smile, he assumed she was just getting aroused in her dreams and went back to his job at getting this sweet, sweet pussy to reveal its secrets.

Gradually, as he licked her, the labia opened up somewhat and she started tasting like the Bubbles he remembered: sweet and musky at the same time. He also noted with undisputed pride that her breathing was getting faster and shallower, and at times she sighed or even moaned in her sleep. 

It didn't take him long to realise that she was so much softer and stronger tasting once he managed to get past the labia and could attack her soft folds directly with his tongue. That also seemed to evoke the greater response from Bubbles, so everything pointed to it being the right place to go.

"Oooh!" she gasped when he flipped her clit with his tongue and his lips split in a shit-eating grin. Not that that stopped him, on the contrary he really laid into it, her soft gasp only spurring him on further – how excited could he get her before she woke up?

"Oh... oh yeah," his lover moaned, and Bret figured she wouldn't be sleeping much longer. Deciding to use what little time he had left in the best possible way, he found her tight little hole and stuck his tongue into it, as deep as it would go and wiggled it around in there, trying to touch her as much as possible.

"Oooh! Yes! Ah..." she gasped, and suddenly her entire body jerked. Before he knew what was happening, Bubbles tried to close her legs and sat up in bed, extremely confused.

"What... I... Boss?" she mumbled, trying to get her bearings and pulled the quilt off and threw it off the bed, revealing her young boss, literally caught with his hand (tongue!) in the cookie-jar. 

"Oooh... what are you... yeees..." she gasped, suddenly full awake. However, she quickly decided it probably was better not to interrupt Bret – he clearly knew what he was doing! – and laid back down again with her legs spread widely once more, hoping he'd continue. 

He did. Oh God, he did! When that magical tongue of his rubbed against her clit, bolts of lightning shot through her body and she couldn't keep a loud moan from escaping her lips.

"Oh my God... Boss..." she gasped, not really understanding why he was being so nice to her but more than willing to let him continue. This was by far the strangest and best way she'd ever woken up!

By this point, her pussy was drenched and wide-open, more than ready for anything her boss wanted, and Bret was torn between desires. On one hand, he'd like to continue licking her till he heard her cum – he so enjoyed that – but on the other hand, his painfully hard dick demanded satisfaction as well.

As was becoming the pattern, it got its way. Slowly, the young man freed himself from the wet pussy and crawled up along the incredibly sexy body till he reached her head where she welcomed him with a wide smile – and hot kisses!

"Mhm..." he moaned into her mouth while he was dry-humping her through his boxers, rubbing his hard-on against her wet and willing cunt.

"Fuck me, Boss," she asked softly and clawed at his boxers, trying to get them down and free his monstrous dick. She needed it, needed to get filled by it so badly!

"Please..." she begged when she failed – the damn waistband got stuck on his cock! – hoping he'd want her as much as she wanted him. She got her answer only a second later when he pushed his boxers down across his hips and quickly buried his long, hard prick in her.

"Oh God, yes!" Bubbles gasped as his thick dick forced its way into her eager snatch, scraping wonderfully against her tight tunnel. She was dripping wet, his spit and her juices gave him all the lubrication he needed to stretch her snug pussy to accommodate his fat, invading tool. Everywhere he touched, feelings of delight went through her, making her pant with need. She wanted him so much!

"God, Bubbles," he sighed, "so good..." She felt divine, too good to be true. He kissed her, letting his tongue explore her welcoming mouth like his dick did with her just-as-welcoming pussy. She closed her lips around it, sucking it like she would his cock, while he drove his dick into her again and again, making her moan into his mouth. 

Grabbing his hands, she led them to her big tits, hoping for more stimulation and wanting him to touch her everywhere, to enjoy everything she had to offer... and she knew how he loved her magnificent boobs. 

He took the not-so-subtle hint and palmed her impressive breasts, pinching her already-hard nipples and sending waves of pleasure through the sexy stripper. She slid her own hands up around his neck, softly and intimately stroking his slender build while she gently pressed his face down against hers in an intense kiss. His lips were so soft and the intimate dance of their tongues was extremely arousing. 

She'd been on the verge of cumming before she even woke up, and his hard thrusts, sharp pinching and soft tongue certainly didn't diminish her growing orgasm!

"Mhm...!" she moaned as her boss hammered his big dick into her while he tweaked and mauled her sensitive breasts, "oh so good, oh God, I'm so close. Please, Boss, please, please!" she begged as they broke the kiss.

"You're so sexy, Bubbles," he whispered into her ear, "so hot and gorgeous." Truth be told, Bret still couldn't really believe how much his life had changed – from a lonely life with hardly any social contacts outside his work and family to fucking one of the most beautiful women he'd ever set his eyes on. 

Quite the change, and definitely for the better.

"Oh! Oh, you too, Boss," Bubbles gasped in reply, "Oh, I'm... I'm sooo ... clooose!" Her eyes closed as she focused completely on the growing pleasure deep inside her. On a sudden impulse, she wrapped her long legs around his cute little ass, trying to get him as deep inside her as he could come.

"Oh wow," he gasped, loving how she seemed to want more of him. To be wanted like this was so hot and felt so good that he could barely hold himself back. He had to though – he wanted to make sure she got hers first...

Every thrust deep inside Bubbles' tight little land of pleasures, every painful and wonderful pinch on those huge mammaries and every deep-felt, saliva-exchanging kiss brought the two lovers closer and closer to the crashing orgasm that promised to overtake both their bodies.

"Boss! Boooss!" Bubbles cried as she started cumming. Her entire body seemed to tense up, and every nerve in her voluptuous body screamed in joy and sent the most amazing signals to her excited brain. She gasped loudly, trying vaguely to get her breathing under control, but nothing seemed to work – her entire body was out of control and just reacted to the incredible sensations that washed through her body. 

"Bubbles, Bubbles!" Bret gasped, suddenly fighting a lot harder to keep his own orgasm at bay – wow, it was hot seeing her cum like this! And hearing it!

"Oh God, Boss," she panted, still in the throes of some of the most intense pleasure of her young life, "oh so GOOD! Thank you, thank you! Oh my, yes, more! Ah! Ah! Ahhh!" 

His cock, still going in and out of her hot snatch like a piston only heightened her pleasure, made her cum again and again, like she'd never done before. It was incredible, it was unbelievable! Oh, it was sooo good! 

"God, Bubbles!" he gasped and, realising it was only a matter of seconds before he erupted in her, let go of her tits and grabbed a hold of her hips instead. Using them for leverage, he pounded into her soft, welcoming cunt as hard as he could, determined to get as much out of the orgasm as he could.

"AAAAHH!" she wailed, not at all ready for the sudden onslaught, but whatever pain she felt instantly got turned into pure pleasure in her overheated brain, and her orgasm stretched on, dragged to so-far unknown heights by her eager lover.

"Shit! Yes, so good! So good! Fuck, I love you, Bubbles!" Bret gasped and finally hit that magical mark too, overtaken by a mind-blowing orgasm. His cock hammered into the wet, warm pussy one last time and emptied its load of sperm deep into it.

He kept sawing in and out of her; making her gasp and writhe in pleasure, but soon he collapsed a top of his sexy girl, resting on her soft body while they both struggled to catch their breath.

"Wow..." Bret muttered, and Bubbles nodded, her eyes alight with orgasmic pleasure and the deep, passionate feeling Bret had awoken in her when he'd – in a moment of passion – uttered the magic words: 'I love you, Bubbles'.

Soon, however, he rolled off her, lying on his back and breathing heavily – he wasn't exactly used to heavy, physical activities, and Bubbles drained him in more ways than one. With an erotic smile, she got up and crawled down to his well-used dick. It was covered in their combined juices, and before Bret even knew what was going on, Bubbles closed her soft lips around it, sucking all of the softening length into her mouth.

"What?" Bret asked at the strange sensation and looked down at his lover that stared back at him with a resolute look in her big, blue eyes. With quick licks she cleaned off the wonderful bringer of pleasures and pulled her mouth off him again and smiled up at him, more than pleased with herself.

That's how a good girl should care for her man, she knew, and only hoped he hadn't noticed that she hadn't done it last night. She'd been too tired and too confused, but there were no such excuses this morning – and she'd be damned if she wasn't going to be a good girl for her boss...

"Wow!" Bret muttered again as she licked her lips and crawled up to him and got comfortable in the nook of his arm. What an arousingly strange girl!

"You're so hot, Bubbles..." he whispered in her ear, and she smiled, happy. She'd done well, and her man was pleased with her.

She was his good little girl... and he'd said he loved her.

---

"Hmm..." Bubbles murmured as she sniffed the t-shirt she'd discarded the night before. It didn't smell clean but it didn't smell dirty either – not like sweat or anything at least, so with a shrug, she pulled it over her head. As always, it took some manoeuvring and quite a bit of force to get her too-big boobs settled within the too-small top, but once she managed, the result was breathtakingly sexy. The thin, white fabric with the pink heart fit quite snugly, easily revealing the Happy Gent's most desirable stripper's bust. Braless as she was, they quivered and shook with every step and every move she made.

Just as she liked it... and hopefully as Bret liked it.

Her panties were a mess though, dried cum from both her and her boss made them stiff and smelly, so she left them on the floor and instead picked up her cut-off jeans. Like her t-shirt they weren't exactly easy to get on but with enough wriggling of her tight little ass, she managed to get them pulled on and buttoned. If Bret had been around to see her struggle to get into her small pieces of clothing, he'd almost certainly had started the process of getting her back out of them – it was a hot show!

"There," she mumbled to herself and looked around the small bedroom, wondering if she'd forgotten anything. She hadn't, so she went into the adjacent bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror, frowning. She didn't look good, not even if she ignored her painful, horrible black eye. Thank God the swelling was going down, although the discolouration was only getting worse, making it blue and yellow – ugly! She couldn't do much about that now however, so, ignoring it, she studied the rest of her.

What little make-up had survived the night was smeared and made her look used, used and boring, and to make it all worse her curls were all messed up. Not good enough for her new man, not good enough at all! 

It took fifteen minutes before she was finally pleased enough with her looks that she didn't feel too embarrassed about Bret seeing her. With all her make-up washed off and her curls combed out and her now-straight hair framing her face, she didn't look as hot or as cute as she wanted to. But what could she do without a curling-iron or her make-up kit? At least she didn't look sloppy anymore!

Following the delicious smell of bacon and coffee, she found the kitchen and Bret that stood in front of the stove.

"Hey Boss," she muttered, not really knowing what to do or say. This was very uncharted territory for her. He'd said he wanted to take care of her, wanted her to stay with him, he'd even said he loved her, but... guys had told her a lot of things over the years. Granted, so far Bret had been somewhat unique but now it was a new day and men tended to treat her quite differently once she was out of their bed. 

"Hey Bubbles," Bret smiled at her, "sleep well?" She looked good! Not as hot as last night, but more mature, more... real.

"Yeah," she nodded, relaxing a little. He didn't seem to be in a rush to get rid of her.

"Okay, good. Breakfast's ready. Sit down and have some..."

---


"So, Bubbles..." Bret said once the food was gone. Despite it messing with her diet, Bubbles had eaten butter, bacon and white bread, since she couldn't help but show her appreciation for Bret's cooking for her.

"Yeah?" she asked warily, expecting the 'goodbye-speech'. He'd fucked her and as a thank-you, he'd fed her. Now his conscience was clear and he could get rid of her – perhaps before his rich, beautiful girlfriend arrived? 

"We need to... well, go shopping. I... imagine you'll need some... stuff, and I don't have much of what you need," he said, suddenly thinking of menstrual pads and blushing slightly.

Looking at him with wide eyes, Bubbles nodded eagerly: "I'd love to, Boss!" Then another thought struck her, and she looked down and added, "but I don't have any money..." 

"Oh. Oh... Eh, don't worry. Since it's kinda my fault you don't even have any clothes, I'll pay, of course" Bret hastened to say, both a bit uncomfortable but also immensely proud about what he'd done the day before. 

"Really?" Bubbles breathed excitedly. No one had ever bought anything for her... well, except for Kurt giving her a little smack – usually bought with money she'd made by stripping. 

"Yeah," he said with a proud grin. There was something about her subdued, hopeful behaviour that made him feel extremely good about himself.

"What do you need?" 

---

"Okay, so... What do you think of this?" Bubbles asked, a sexy smile playing on her face as she stepped out of the small changing-room, showing off the skin-tight, seemingly way-too-small tube top. It was screaming pink and only covered her boobs – and only just that!

"Wow!" Bret gasped. What an incredible sight! He'd seen them (her) naked, of course, but somehow, seeing her almost naked was way hotter. His eyes travelled downwards, noticing the black hotpants that clung to her thighs, showing off her wonderful legs that were severely enhanced by the heels she wore.

"You like it, then?" she teased him, turning slightly in her towering heels, letting him see how the thin fabric hugged every curve of her delicious ass. 

"Hell yeah!" her young boss exclaimed when he managed to tear his eyes off her body – if only for a second, and a guy a couple of racks over agreed silently, though he did his best to focus on his girlfriend who probably wouldn't approve of him staring at Bubbles' sexy figure.

"You don't think it's too... small?" she giggled and attempted to pull the top down to cover more of her midriff, making the already-thin fabric stretch almost obscenely across her tits. Bret couldn't help but notice that either she was cold or she was quite happy to show off for him: the two sexy bumps where her hard nipples pressed against the top were near-impossible to overlook. 

The matronly saleswoman noticed too and sent the young stripper a disapproving look. She hadn't cared overly much for the provocatively-dressed young woman with the disfigured eye coming into her shop but the young man at her side looked decent enough, so she'd decided to keep her peace. As long as the two didn't disturb the other shoppers! Not that Bubbles cared what she thought – Bret was there and he was all that mattered. If he approved of her clothing, the old hag could bitch and stare all she wanted.
