 "I dreamed about you last night," Lin said, her delicate hands holding a cup of coffee. She smiled over the rim of the cup. "It was totally dark. I couldn't see anything. I felt your lips on my collarbone. You worked your way up my neck. You kissed my cheek. You kissed my lips. It was wonderful. Your hand touched my breasts. You pressed very hard. I've never been so aroused."

"Then what?"

"Then I woke up," Lin said with a laugh. She set her cup down on the table.

Across the table from Huang Lin sat her best friend, Song Kaichun. The two Chinese women were sitting in the middle of a crowded Starbucks having an intimate conversation in English. Their voices were cast low and no one around could understand what they were saying.

"You still think about our time in high school?" Kaichun reached over and took Lin's. She gave it a squeeze.

"Of course."

"Why didn't we?" There was no need to be more specific. Both women knew.

"I guess I thought we were just practicing, you know, for when we would grow up and have boyfriends and get married."

"I wish we could have done more than just kiss," Kaichun said. "It's my one regret."

A lull in the conversation. Both women sipped their coffee.

A week before, Kaichun had approached her boyfriend and asked him about taking an adventure. "My best friend from high school is coming to visit Shanghai. She wants me to show her around and all of that." The two made brief eye contact. "I was thinking maybe I could invite her to stay with us." Her smile was coy. "You know what I'm saying?"

Her boyfriend Jesse was shocked. He stammered a little before saying, "Don't tease me. I've asked you this before, but you said no. What brought this on?"

Her answer was slow in coming. "Me and her were best friends all the way up to college. She was like a sister to me. We saw each other all the time. It was actually very intimate in its own way. In high school we would sneak away during breaks and kiss. We always said we were just practicing. But I thought there was something more between us. If one of us had been brave enough at the time, I think we might have been a couple."

"And now that you're in a relationship with me, you two can be intimate without it being weird. Is that it?"

She blinked at his bluntness. Then nodded. "I hadn't really thought about it like that, but yeah, I guess that's it. Plus, I want to give you a treat. I know seeing two girls together is something you've always wanted."

He gave her a look he hoped was subtle, but probably wasn't. "What's she look like?"

"Hotter than me," Kaichun said. She showed him a picture on her phone. He disagreed with her assessment, but not with the underlying premise. Lin was a good looking woman. She was slim and long legged. Soft white skin and luxuriant black hair. There was an air of mystery about her. Her small eyes and precise features gave very little away.

"Have you talked to her? What did she say?" Jesse's heart was thumping wildly.

Kaichun smiled. "We talked about it. I showed her your picture and she agreed."

A week later Kaichun was sitting across from Lin about ready to embark on that adventure. They had agreed to meet first and catch up. They hadn't seen each other in years, and there so much to share, so many things that they had only said to one another in passing or over WeChat. But truth be told, they wanted to enjoy each other's company for a time. Just the two of them.

"How is your relationship with Jesse?" Lin asked, switching back to Mandarin. This was not something that needed to be discuss in code.

"Good. He's a nice guy. He's patient with me." Then. "How about you? Seeing anyone?"

"Seeing someone yes. But it's not serious." Lin was unhappy. Kaichun could tell.

"Do you want it to be serious?"

There was a long pause before she answered that. "When you asked me to join you, I was more aroused by your offer than I had ever been with him."

And that pretty much told Kaichun all she needed to know.

*

The three of them met for a dinner of Cantonese food. They made small talk. Things like how Lin likes her new job, and the cities Jesse's visited in China. Standard stuff.

That evening Kaichun wore an off the shoulder blazer dress that squeezed tight at the waist, while Lin was wearing a cheongsam that left her arms bare. Between the two of them, they made one perfect woman. Kaichun's shoulders and ass, plus Lin's arms and legs.

Jesse wore a button down with mottled print of blue and tan, and a pair of distressed jeans with holes at the knees.

Throughout dinner Jesse was nervous, while Lin was cool and collect. She laughed politely at every stupid joke he made, and lightly touched his arm every time he laughed at hers.

For Kaichun it was like a dream. Past and present blended together in a strange new way.

Lin was her high school friend, her past life. But it was comforting to see her again. Her friend was smart and sexy, and was affluent and soft spoken, but at the same time she was outgoing and cracked plenty of jokes. Her English was amazing, even better than Kaichun, who prided herself on being as natural as a native born English speaker.

Then there was Jesse, the man she fell in love with two years ago when they met through a mutual friend. He was warm and laid back. He didn't raise his voice or loose his cool. He supported her recent decision to quit her job and start a business of her own. She was working as an agent representing foreign teachers.

"What do you do Jesse?"

"About what?"

Lin playfully slapped his arm. "For a living."

"Oh, that." Jesse grinned. "I work at the US consulate here in Shanghai."

"That sounds interesting," Lin said.

"It's not." Jesse shook his head. "But I'll say this, it's not boring. There's some new crisis every day I have to deal with." Then, "What do you do?"

"It's one of those jobs that if I told you, then I'd have to kill you."

"Really?" That got his attention.

"A government job," Lin said. "I'm the assistant party secretary at a school."

"So you must know all sorts of government secrets and shit."

Lin smiled. Said nothing.

After dinner, they went for a walk along the Bund. The French buildings were a romantic backdrop. Across the Yangzi River neon lights lit up the night.

"I know the story of how you two met," Lin said walking beside him. "But I want to know what first attracted you to her?"

Jesse looked at his girlfriend. He had that goofy grin on his face she often found endearing. "She was direct," he said. "Sometimes in China people dance around the point, or they say one thing and mean another. I'm not sure how to take it. But with her, I always know where I stand. She says what's on her mind."

Lin played with a lock of her hair. "First impressions are very important," she agreed. Her smile turned wicked. "So now that we've met, what is your first impression of me?"

Jesse cleared his throat. "You're mysterious." He was smooth when he needed to be. "You have a natural confidence, and you reveal very little."

"You mean I don't show emotions?" Lin feigned indignation.

"You don't show what you don't what people to see." Nice save. Then he turned the tables on her. "What's your impression of me?"

She shrugged as if uninterested in this topic. "I saw your picture already. Also, Kaichun told me a lot about you, so this isn't really my first impression of you."

Jesse grinned, but pressed the point. "What did you think of my picture?"

"Don't you know, everyone takes horrible pictures!"

They all laughed.

Awhile later the walk took them to the delta. There were several yachts docked at a small pier. No one was around. Not that it would have mattered, as they were all talking in English, but it felt better having some semblance of privacy.

Kaichun turned to Lin. "What do you like guys doing for you in bed?" There it was. The topic of tonight.

Lin smiled, looked out at the river. "I like it when he spends some time on my breasts first. I had one guy back in college who would spend half an hour just sucking on my tits. It was incredible. He'd build it up so gradually. I was begging him to fuck me." She looked at Jesse. The tension between them was ripe. "What was your best sexual experience?"

Jesse thought a minute. "I guess the time we were in Cambodia," he said. "I remember one night under the stars, we had just taken a long walk up Sword beach. We were way out, past all the other tourists. I remember there was a fallen tree across the beach. I think that kind of deterred people from going past that point." Jesse smiled. "But not us. The ocean roared beside us. We were still dressed to swim." He turned to look at Kaichun, the love of his life. She was smiling as well from their shared memory. "I loved you in that teal bikini. I pushed you down to the sand. Your skin was wet. It was so sexy. The tide came in and the waves kind of washed over us."

"It was too quick," Kaichun said. "And there was sand in my butt for weeks." A silence hung between them. Jesse squeezed Kaichun's hand. Then she caved in and added, "But when it was my turn on top, it actually was pretty amazing."

Jesse took Lin's hand. Asked her, "What it is you want out of tonight?"

Lin was silent a moment before answering. "I've had thoughts about Kaichun since as long as I can remember. I love her. And I want to express that love." The two women looked into each other's eyes. "And the thought of kissing my best friend, while a man is inside me, is one of my wildest dreams."

On that note, they left the Bund and went to the hotel.

*

The room was spacious and was decorated in a classic Chinese style. There was simple wooden furniture. On a shelf there was a pedestal with an irregularly shaped rock. It was polished smooth but had holes throughout. A scholar's stone, they were called.

The walls of the room were egg shell white with a whimsical mural of trees. The trunks grew up the walls on each side of the bed. The branches spread out and reached across the ceiling, creating a canopy against the ceiling.

The branches were covered with tiny white peach blossoms. Like stars above them.

And there was a large bed dominating the room.

"I'll pour drinks," Kaichun said. She opened a bottle of red wine and poured three glasses.

Drinks in hand the three climbed onto the bed. They reclined and sipped the wine. Lin lit a cigarette and soon the air was filled with acrid smoke and the smell of alcohol.

There was some light flirting, Kaichun took the lead by complimenting her friend on her dress and then on her figure. "By the way, Lin is a really good kisser," she told Jesse. "I know from experience."

"Everyone says that," Jesse teased. "I gotta see it for myself."

Both girls smiled. They set their glasses aside and scooted closer together. There were some touches. Lin brushed a lock of hair back behind Kaichun's ear. Then they leaned over and kissed. Slow at first, they languished in each other's presence. They hadn't touched like that in years. And now all the old feelings, all the old passions, were stirred up once more.

For Jesse it was a rush watching his girlfriend make out with her best friend. Two girls being together. Very hot.

When they separated Jesse shrugged. "I'm still not convinced."

"Show him." Kaichun bit her lower lip.

Lin leaning over she kissed him lightly on the mouth. It was timid at first, neither fully committed. It was a kiss between people who just met and were still getting acquainted. But when she grabbed the base of his head and pulled him tight, it got steamy fast. Lin nibbled on his lower lip. She forced her tongue into his mouth. Then pulled back. She did that several times. Lick. Retreat. Lick. Retreat. It left Jesse panting for more.

Then Lin pulled away. She could sense how much her kisses had turned him on.

"Well?"

"Incredible," Jesse breathed.

The three of them undressed. Clothes piled up on the floor. Lin and Kaichun moved into position, sitting face to face. Limbs tangled. Legs entwined. Smooth skin on smooth skin. The two women kissed. One hand braced behind for support. The other reached down between the other's leg, fingering her partner's crotch.

Mutual masturbation. Jesse enjoyed the show.

Lin was whiter and longer limbed. She had delicate features that were precisely arranged and carefully controlled. His girlfriend on the other hand was shorter, though not my much, and her skin had a golden luster. Her face was more expressive. Her eyes shut when they were kissing and opened wide when Lin's fingers slipped inside.

Kaichun bit her lower lip. Lin let out little gasps.

Both women were wet, Kaichun's lip trembled, her eyelids fluttered open and closed. She balanced on the edge, her head rolled back. Then Lin pushed a third finger into her friend and Kaichun crossed the line. She tensed and shuddered as an orgasm crashed over her. Kaichun gripped Lin's wrist, easing her friend's fingers in the out as she came down from her high.

Next was some foreplay involving Lin's breasts. Each of her partners found a nipple. They kissed and sucked and licked. Jesse could feel it was hard. Lin's head rolled back. She moaned while her two lovers worked her breasts.

Then Kaichun moved up and kissed Lin full on the mouth. A moment later Jesse joined. A three way kiss. Suddenly Kaichun pulled away, leaving Jesse and Lin. His girlfriend was offering her best friend to him.

It was time for Jesse to take the lead. He pushed Lin back on the bed, climbed between her long thighs. His hands gripped supple flesh. His mouth found her breasts. Arms and legs tangled in a hot mess of flesh and sweat.

Kaichun got up and discretely busied herself elsewhere, giving the two of them some time together.

Lin was tight, much tighter than Kaichun. But she was wet and she clung to him, gasping as he pleasured her. He eased into her. Slowly at first. This was not something to be rushed. Lin's head rolled back against the pillow. She gasped as he pushed into her. He slid it in and out, each time pushing further in. When he found a satisfying rhythm, he felt her hands cling to his back. She moaned in his ear.

Then another pair of hands was on his back. Kaichun kissed his shoulders. A moment later she crawled over and lay beside her friend and they made out while Jesse fucked her.

This was Lin's fantasy. He was glad he could be a part of it. There was no jealousy watching the two women, even knowing that Kaichun loved her as much as him. He just wanted them to enjoy this moment as much as he was.

Lin's eyes squeezed shut. She made little gasping noises with each thrust. Then, after some time, she climaxed. Her whole body tensed and wracked with aftershocks. Jesse continued plowing into her. He was hot and hard and hungry. He let her gradually come down from her high. When her gasps subsided, he rolled off her.

Breathing hard from the shock of it, Lin nestled between them, entwined in Jesse's arms, her face flushed.

Jesse was not finished, and he knew his girlfriend felt the same. He moved over to her. He straddled one of her legs, resting her other calf on his shoulder. She was wet, anticipating his arrival. He slid in effortlessly. She gasped at the sudden strength inside her.

His hand ran up and down her leg, admiring the soft skin. He kissed her calf. His other hand fondled her breast. So small, yet perfectly shaped.

Perpendicular, he was able to enter deep. After already having had an orgasm from masturbating with Lin, Kaichun lay limp on her back and cried out with each thrust he made.

"Oh my god," Kaichun moaned. It was painful. It was exquisite.

Jesse had worked himself up from his time with Lin and it wasn't long before he exploded inside her. It was a flurry of thrusts. He slammed it as hard and as fast as he could. This was his pleasure.

After he rolled off, gasping for breath, Lin surprised him by taking his place. She straddled Kaichun's leg, propping the other on her shoulder, and she rubbed her crotch against her friend's. Slow, fat strokes. It went on for some time. The barrier between them that had prevent a sexual encounter had fallen, and now all that tension was out in the open. They made love with unbridled passion. It was an authentic experience between two women who genuinely loved one another.

They continued for some time. Kaichun's face was flushed from the exertion. Sweat caked both bodies. Lin leaned back, bracing one hand behind her, the other holding Kaichun's strong thigh, just as Jesse had done.

Both women climaxed. Kaichun first, then Lin. A wash of wetness spread down their legs.

"Oh my god," Kaichun moaned, shaking with the final spasms of lovemaking.

"Amazing," Lin gasped. She continued flexing her hips, savoring every lingering sensation.

When it was over, Kaichun curled up in Lin's arms. They spoke in Mandarin. Jesse had no idea what they were talking about and was actually glad that he couldn't. It felt wrong somehow invading the privacy of their relationship.

He lay on his back, hands behind his head, and stared up at the peach blossom stars.

*

Several encounters occurred between the three over the weeks Lin was staying with them. Lin and Kaichun renewed their friendship and it was as strong as ever. Lin and Jesse became close friends as well. She became the friend with benefits he had always wanted.

After returning home, Lin broke up with her boyfriend. It just wasn't meant to be. A month or so after that she met a new guy. He was tall dark and handsome. And he was an absolute animal in bed. They fucked repeatedly and went on their own sexual adventures.

A little over a year later Jesse and Kaichun married. They eloped and honeymooned in Suzhou. He knew she was the love of his life, and he was fully committed to spending the rest of his life with her.