 Leonore sat back from her computer, closed her eyes, and rubbed her face. These late hours were becoming intolerable. But work was work, and the client's deadline was fast approaching. She needed this contract to break into this segment of the market; there were not many architectural firms that could handle this kind of specialized design, and she wanted hers to become one of them. The good news was that after weeks of overtime and rework, the end was in sight; just a few more weeks at this pace and everything would work out. If only she wasn't so tired. Not so much physically, as just emotionally and mentally drained. It would be better once this contract was done. She just had to get from here to there, and with precious little in the way of enjoyable diversion. She sighed, trying not to think about how long it had been since that kind of diversion.

Her reverie was interrupted by a bloop-bleep sound from down the hall. She rolled her eyes. That was the sound of her IT guy, Eduardo, on his phone, texting God-knows-who at this hour. She'd hired him from a staffing firm, and paid through the nose for the "on-site" support option. The staff of draftsmen, AutoCAD technicians, administrative assistants, and project planners was one of the best in the industry. She'd recruited them for their drive and for their skills. What she hadn't anticipated was that, collectively, they seemed to have some kind of a curse when it came to technology. Whether it was a printer jam, a set of spam emails, or malicious adware disguised as cute mouse cursors, her staff just couldn't seem to lay off.

With the deadline looming as closely as it was, she didn't have time to screw around. So long as any of her staff were in the building or dialed in remotely, there was IT support on-premises. Since Eduardo (he got so touchy if you called him Ed or Eddy) was paid by the hour, he had practically moved into her offices. On the plus side, he was a smart and effective worker; the productivity losses to various computer shenanigans had dropped off considerably.

On the other hand, he was so smug. He seemed to take a perverse delight in the fact that he was able to keep everything running with only about a quarter of his time, and spent the rest of his time playing video games or texting random people on her dime. And since she had taken to working such long hours, he was technically justified in sitting in her offices, hour after hour, just banking a not-insubstantial fee while he kicked back and relaxed.

Leonore told herself it was fine. He wasn't overly disruptive, she had budgeted for his fee, he didn't harass her workers.... It was fine. She just needed to not stress about minor details and get back to polishing her proposal. She leaned forward again, studying the language in the fee structure section. Yes, a small alteration here would be-

"DING DING DING! A WINNER ARE YOU!" echoed down the hallway, snapping her focus instantly.

Goddamn it, that was the last straw.

Before even realizing it, she was on her feet and storming down the hallway to the little annex that he used as his workspace. As she rounded the corner, she saw him sitting there with some sort of handheld video game console perched in his lap, surrounded by a few computers. He looked up as she entered, and she could see the smug smile beginning to form.

"Late night, huh?" God. She just wanted to wipe that smirk off his face.

"What are you even DOING here at the moment, anyway? What the hell do I pay you for?" She demanded.

He pointed at one of the screens. "Your remote CAD consultant dude on the west coast is having trouble with his machine. It seems that he installed some kind of screen saver that he thought was cool and it came with a bunch of viruses." He indicated a progress bar. "We're about... 82% done with the cleanup, so he should be back to productive in about 10 minutes. Lucky for you guys that I'm right here on top of it." He smirked again.

She glared. "Luck has nothing to do with it. We're paying you a pretty good pile of money for your services, and you're sitting here playing god-knows-what on MY DIME!" She could feel the tension rising within her, threatening to boil over. Leonore didn't have time for this. She needed to either be working productively, or blowing off steam to enable her to work productively, and this wasn't helping. She looked down at him.

"Look. You're paying me to be available and to rapidly respond to things. You're paying me to make your company's smooth operation my #1 priority. And that's what you're getting. Would you prefer I dragged out the work or pretended to find things to do when everything's going smoothly? What exactly is it you want me to do between crisis?" He was trying to sound reasonable, but she couldn't get over that smirk. He obviously felt like he had her cold. In that moment, she made her decision.

"I'm not sure this arrangement is working out. I feel like I'm not getting your full effort. I'm going to need you to step of your level of effort or this particular gravy train is over." She saw his eyes go a little wider at the prospect of losing the easy income.

"Um, what exactly do you expect me to do? Right this minute, the virus-scan is running, and nothing else is wrong. If I go home, I'm going to be slower to respond to the next crisis. So, what, exactly should I be doing right now?" There was a tone of worry in his voice now. Good.

"I'll tell you what you need to do. You need to do exactly as I tell you." There was steel in her voice now.

"Huh?" His face was priceless. Gone was the swagger and the confidence, giving way to outright confusion. Excellent. This was going to be fun.

"Kneel". Her voice brooked no disagreement. This was her office, this was her company, and Eduardo needed to learn how to be a team player. She was the CEO. Clearly, it was her responsibility to administer the lesson.

Eduardo reacted to her voice automatically, and was halfway to the floor kneeling before he caught himself. "Wait, what are we doing?"

Leonore could sense his weakness in his voice. His pliability. The fact that he moved at all was a good sign. She could feel deep inside her that he was the kind of man who she could take charge of.

"You are kneeling and I am telling you what to do." Keep it simple at first.

He tried to smirk and play it off as sarcasm, but he kneeled. Good.

"Time for you to demonstrate how well-rounded your skillset can be. Time for you to show me just how essential you can be to my operations."

She sat back in a nearby chair, and kicked her shoes off her aching feet.

"Rub my feet".

Eduardo began, hesitantly at first, to touch and rub her feet.

"Good boy. Keep going."

He continued to rub, getting more into it as she relaxed back in the chair and gave him more access. She knew she had him now. She let him keep rubbing for a few minutes, making the occasional nonverbal noise of encouragement.

"You are here to service me. You are being paid to be here in order to satisfy my needs and my wants. Do you understand?"

Eduardo gulped. He wasn't entirely sure how he'd wound up in this position.

"Well, yes, I mean"

Leonore cut him off.

"You will address me as 'ma'am'". 

"Yes ma'am. Whatever you want."

Leonore smiled.

"GOOD boy. If you keep behaving well maybe you will even enjoy being in my service."

Eduardo felt any resistance evaporate. He'd always admired Leonore from a distance, but hadn't wanted to risk his position by making his intentions known. He had a bit of a thing for strong, independent women. Now that he was getting to actually interact with her in an intimate way, he wasn't going to rock that boat if he could help it.

He decided to go all-in. He grabbed a bottle of lotion off his desk (it was so dry in Denver!) and began rubbing it into her feet. Moving his hands back and forth, up and down the arch and soles, pressure everywhere and nowhere, never letting his touch get predictable or stale.

Leonore noticed the change in his attitude, and smiled inwardly. She was starting to feel good, much better than she had felt in weeks. The pressure and stress of the looming contract had left her with no time for, well, this. She stretched her legs out, granting Eduardo more access.

He took the signal wordlessly, and expanded the scope of his massage to include her calves and lower legs. His strong hands continued their skillful work, seeking out her pressure points, locating the secret places where she stored all her tension, and methodically opening them, allowing the stress to flow out.

Leonore purred with delight. Had she known that Eduardo had such a knack for massage, she'd have availed herself of this weeks ago. She luxuriated in the sensation of the worries leaving her system. But now she wanted more. Needed more.

Without disturbing his workflow, she undid her skirt and pulled it off around her waist. She spread her legs further, revealing her womanhood to Eduardo. He looked up and was momentarily startled.

"Eat me."

Eduardo immediately leaned forward and began licking and kissing at the newly exposed flesh. Starting softly, he began around the outside, gently brushing his lips along her freshly revealed sex. He began to rub his strong hands along the inside of her thighs, coming closer and closer to her, as he began to tongue up and down her slit. Leonore took a deep breath, and when she released it, she could feel the arousal displacing her earlier negativity. She began to grind her pelvis forward. Eduardo sped up, leaning into her, penetrating her slightly with his tongue. He began to flex it in time with her thrusts, and bobbed his head in time. The result was his tongue taking up a regular rhythm, in and out, up and down.

Eduardo felt a sudden rush of moisture, and Leonore's pussy took on a suddenly fragrant aroma and tangy taste. He realized that he was doing well, and immediately grasped the importance of not stopping. He began massaging her outer lips with his hands, licking his way up to her clit. With his first touch, she moaned audibly, and he worked the clit into his existing pattern. \

Down, in, up, out, clit.

Down, in, up, out, clit.

Down, in, up, out, clit.

Her breathing grew ragged. The pleasure between her legs had escalated from a mild tingle to a full-body sensation. As she felt it spread throughout her, she could sense each subsequent wave of joy emanating from her womanhood, spreading up into her chest, and then on each exhalation exploding outwards to her fingers and toes. Each wave carrying with it a delightful warmth and an electric jolt all at once. She realized that she was beginning to rise towards orgasm, an orgasm that was strong and full and that would not be denied.

She grabbed at the back of his head, holding him in place. She had come too far to be deprived now, too far to risk this boy taking away this feeling, too far for ill-timed hesitation to rob her of her needed release.

Eduardo could no longer breathe. His entire world was subsumed in his work. He knew, on a basic instinctive level, that the only way he could get another breath was to finish his task before he ran out of air. Something in her grip promised that there was no other escape for him. Resisting the urge to panic, and fighting back the impulse to accelerate to try and get it over with, he surrendered into the act. His world tunneled, and his vision greyed around the edges. He closed his eyes, and his entire existence became

Down, in, up, out, clit.

Down, in, up, out, clit.

Down, in, up, out, clit.

With a deep moan, Leonore felt her orgasm wash over her. Her breath came out in a shuddering cry, her legs and arms locked in place, and successive waves of pleasure enraptured her body. She rode the feeling, delighting in the sensation that washed away all her problems and left her with naught but satisfaction. As it passed, over her and through her, she began to breathe once more, and her legs and arms relaxed.

As they did, Eduardo fell down, losing his balance in his lightheadedness. Taking deep, gulping breaths of air, he fought to stay conscious, and it was in a few minutes time that he regained enough of a grip to look around clearly.

He saw Leonore above him, looking down at him. She smiled at the return of his senses, and said:

"GOOD boy. That was very, very good. You're doing so much better now. And good boys... get rewarded."

She leaned forwards, grabbed his sweatpants around the waist, and yanked abruptly. His pants and his boxers came down together, and he was left suddenly nude about the waist, with his sweats only coming up to his knees. She stood, and used her foot to shove roughly at his chest. With his legs still bound by what remained of his pants, he fell over, landing awkwardly on his back.

He managed a startled, "Huh?"

In the time it took him to make that utterance, she took a big step forward and was now standing over his body. Before he had a chance to realize what was going on, she squatted down suddenly, grinding her hot, wet pussy on his exposed cock. He felt himself firming up, and before he could even get a full erection, she grabbed it, smirked at him...

And in one hard stroke, impaled herself completely on his manhood.

They both moaned, in unison, at the sudden sensation. Any hint of softness in his cock was driven out by the feeling of warmth and pressure.

Without wasting any time, Leonore began to move, using her powerful legs to raise herself and drop herself onto his body repeatedly. She wanted to cum again. She needed to cum again. She wanted to feel this boy fill her up with his cum, and wanted it NOW.

Eduardo found himself fucking without words. Without intent. Without conscious thought. The combination of his recent oxygen-deprivation and the suddenness of the subsequent penetration had left him vaguely addled. But his cock was rock-hard and his body began to thrust in time with Leonore. As they pounded their bodies together, he felt another surge of warmth and realized how aroused she had become again.

Leonore knew that she was getting close to another orgasm. She wanted this one to happen while she was filled with cum. She grabbed him roughly by the throat. His eyes shot open and made sudden eye contact. Looking directly into his eyes, into his soul, she could see his very self, and she commanded:

"Be a good boy and CUM FOR ME. Do it NOW".

As she did, she clamped down on him as hard as she could with her pelvic muscles. He felt the sudden grip on his cock, and as she slid up and down one more time, he felt his soul respond to her command and the orgasm struck him.

It hit him hard and with no subtlety. He began to moan and thrash and shove himself into her, instinctively planting his manhood as deeply as he could before he began to explode. With pulse after glorious pulse, he could feel himself emptying his balls, pumping load after load of his cum into her womb.

She felt it. She saw his eyes roll back in his head, and she could feel his cock twitch with each blast of cum. That sensation, knowing that this boy she barely knew had just filled her cunt with cum, and had done so at her command, on her terms, was too much.

Howling, she began to cum, slamming herself onto his body over and over again. She grabbed him and held him down and impaled herself deeply, trying to get as much of his cum as deeply planted in her as possible. She rode him desperately, using his body, using his cock, all for her own pleasure.

After a few moments, she felt the orgasm begin to subside, and her regular breathing pattern took over. She could feel herself flushed, from exertion and from multiple orgasms. But she felt happy, satisfied, sated in a way that she hadn't felt in weeks. She looked down at her IT consultant.

He seemed almost shell-shocked by the fucking and the orgasm. She lifted herself off of him, smirked, and clenched her vaginal muscles one more time. As he looked up, a veritable flood of his own semen came pouring out of her body, splashing against his chest and lower jaw. He sputtered, and then looked up at her again, making eye contact with a confused expression.

"Good job." She said. "Looks like you have a mess to clean up. Get to it, I'm not paying you to lie around with a silly expression on your face. I'll be back by here when I need something else."

She refastened her skirt, and walked back to her office, delighting in the sensation of his remaining cum sloshing about inside her.