 It was going to be today. I didn't know exactly when, but he'd said it would be today. 

I mused on it while getting ready to go to work, getting ready for what was to come. First, a shower. I'd been known to smooth the way for questing tongues in the past, and this seemed an excellent time to reacquaint myself with the feeling. So I lathered up, shaved, dried it, moisturised it and finally encased it in lace. A black lace teddy, to be precise, with three small pearl-like buttons at the crotch, just made for easy access. Stockings, of course, and then a respectable skirt, quite long, with buttons all the way up the front, to cover up my charms. I lingered awhile over the choice of fragrance, but a few squirts of Gaultier's Classique under my skirt, and I was ready – shaved, perfumed and wrapped.

All the way to work, I could feel my smooth lips rubbing against each other and the fabric in between my legs. Either from that, or the anticipation of what was to come, I could feel a certain damp heat starting to build. I wasn't sure I would last long at the rate my arousal was increasing.

And so the day began. The usual, a chat with my assistant as I looked through the post, a cup of coffee and straight into a meeting with my staff – targets, projects, the usual. All the time I was wondering where he was, when he would turn up and whether he'd actually do as he'd promised. And every time I figured that he probably would, a tingle went straight through my pussy, that sort of "dare you" tingle that can get you into trouble.

For the rest of my morning, at my desk, in my office, while getting on with the minutiae of my job, I mused on how lucky I was to have my own space, with a big desk and a PA in the next room. After all, the coming event wouldn't be possible otherwise …

Lunch was a trip to the local café with a colleague, but I was still too much on tenterhooks to eat much. Just a salad, really – felt like my appetite needed keeping on edge.

Back to the office, just half an hour before a meeting with my boss. As I sat down at my large, all encompassing desk, I felt rather than saw his presence. But we'd agreed – I was to pretend he wasn't there, so I carried on with reading a report. He was obviously in no hurry, so why should I be?

He started at my feet, gently slipping off my shoes in turn and caressing the soles of my feet, sending tremors up my legs that seemed to meet directly at my increasingly moist pussy. I held my breath for a few seconds, waiting for his next move, and slowly, inevitably, it came, brushing up my legs towards the ultimate prize. Sensing it was time, I shifted forwards slightly in my chair, facing him.

With one hand gradually stroking up my leg, I could also feel the skirt's restriction falling away, bit by bit, as the buttons up the front were gradually loosened and released. Soon, with his hand moving over the lace stocking tops and onto soft, warm flesh, enough buttons had been undone to free both legs from the previously tight embrace of the skirt, and I spread them, knowing that doing so gave him greater access to the places we both wanted him to go. It was time.

The trance-like state I was entering was interrupted by the shrill ring of the telephone on my desk. Since my PA knew I was here, I couldn't ignore it, and having heard her tell me who it was I couldn't say I was busy. And so, with my lover's fingers deftly undoing the three small, pearl buttons, one by one, the only things keeping my smooth, swollen, wet pussy from his gaze - and more – I found myself talking about stock shortages at outlying branches. Well, as much as I could, considering my divided concentration …

The last button gave way, and then I felt the undergarment loosen on my shoulders as the fabric down below peeled away. There was nothing in the way now, so with a groan I slid forward in my chair, wordlessly demanding from him the thing he was there to gift. The person on the other end of the phone asked if I was alright, but as I felt a warm, soft tongue make contact with the bottom of my slit and gradually move upwards, in between my smooth lips and towards my aching clitoris, I just told her that something had come up, and put the phone down.

Breaking our vow of silence, I murmured "Taste me ... Please …", as that tongue made its first, languorous circuit of my by now throbbing clit, alive with all the sensation that had been building for the past few hours. I slid a little further down, and my clit was now in the perfect position to accept the persistent caress of that flickering tongue. By now it was being kept flat, moving in a circuit that started just where my slit started, up the left side, over the top, back down the right and then brushing across my clit to start again. The rhythm was slow, steady, persistent and inescapable … I could feel my juices oozing out from between my glistening lips, running down my bottom cheeks and pooling somewhere … probably on the back of my skirt. I didn't care though, I was just drifting away on a cloud of ecstasy.

But more was to come. I felt something pushing my lower lips open, and I realised that a long, strong finger was gradually insinuating itself into my heat. Slowly, it curled upwards, and a jolt deep within my pussy told me that it was finding my sweet spot with all the accuracy of a heat-seeking missile. I could sense that the combination of that and the way my clit was being treated by that amazing tongue, I wasn't going to last long. As I got closer and closer to the edge, my breath became ragged, my thighs tensing up, pushing against the finger in my pussy and the insistent, incessant tongue lashing my swollen clit. I started to panic – I could hear people outside my door, and I knew I had to suppress the cries of ecstasy that would surely come within the next few seconds.

But it had to come, and so did I. My buttocks left the chair as I bucked and arched helplessly against tongue and finger. Waves of intense sensation burst across me, starting from my clitoris and deep within me, rushing up my body and crashing through my head, then receding slightly to make way for the next one. I had one hand in my mouth to suppress my cries, the other holding his head in place. Not that it needed to – he was going nowhere. Wave after wave, one after the other, taking almost a minute to subside …

Gradually, the ripples died down, and I relaxed back into my large, comfortable chair. I looked down, and stroked his cheek as he looked up at me, eyes shining with love and lust, and the rest of his face shining with my fragrant moisture. I was lost in the moment, giddy with pleasure.

I was suddenly woken from my reverie with the realisation that the door to my assistant's office was slightly ajar, and her head was just visible through the gap, asking if I was alright. "Yes," I managed to gasp. "Just a sneeze. I'm fine."

"Bless you," she said, closing the door. "No, bless you," I murmured to the lovely, lovely man, on his knees, at my feet. I slid my chair out to give him room, and he emerged, coming towards me and kissing me deeply, giving me a taste of the wonderful fragrance he had drawn from me. I knew that he'd be inhaling that fragrance for the rest of the day.

He stood. "Catch you later," he whispered, and quickly darted out of the door that leads to the corridor, looking around first to make sure he wasn't noticed.

"Yes, see you later," I murmured back, as I gradually rearranged both my senses and my clothing.

Couldn't wait. After all, it was only fair that he should feel the same euphoria he'd given me.

Wasn't it?

(Author's note: thanks to Suki) 