 I saw him from across the room. At that moment I knew that I would have to have him. This tall, muscular guy who looked like he just got off the beach. Sitting at the bowling alley with my team, I made a silent vow to myself to get to him no matter what. By the end of the third game I had the stats on him. He was Matt, 25 years old and a mechanic. Once I found that out I knew how I would get to him. I had a brand new Saturn Vue so I knew that I wouldn't be getting him to fix my car. I needed someone with a crappy car that needed some work done to it. While I figured that out, I started flirting with him whenever I could. Never in my life would I have thought that I would be so happy to be on a damn bowling league. 

One week during one of the best games of my bowling life, the opportunity to get closer to him ran up to me and slapped me. After my 5th strike, my brother starts telling me about how his truck has been acting up. Perfect, I can bring my brother's truck to Matt and kill two birds with one stone. I walked up to him after the third game and asked him if he would be able to fix my brother's truck. He asked me when and I told him as soon as possible. He gave me his number and told me to call him that weekend and he would see what he could do for me. I told him that I knew what he could do for me and walked away with a smile on my face.

Saturday came and around 10am I called Matt. He told me to bring the truck in around 12pm and he would take a look at it. I took the next hour to get ready. I was excited, I was finally going to check out what this guy had under the hood. I jumped in the shower and got cleaned up. The hot shower felt so good that soon I found my hands working their way down towards my shaven pussy. My clit was hard and I shuddered when I touched it. It felt so good. But I had to remind myself where I was going and what was hopefully going to happen. I finished in the shower and went to go pick out my clothes. I decided that since I was taking a truck in to be fixed I should be dressed more casually. I chose my favorite low-rider jeans and my purple princess half shirt. Underneath it all I was wearing my lacy black thong and matching bra. 

I pulled up to his house about 5 minutes to 12. I checked my make-up and hair before getting out and then I headed to his door. I rang his doorbell and waited for him to answer. He answered the door in a pair of jeans and a gray t-shirt. Never before had anyone I had ever met looked that good in just a pair of jeans and a shirt. The shirt was tight, accentuating his fine, muscled body. And the jeans couldn't have done a better job of making his ass look oh-so-pinchable. It took all the strength I had not to reach out and just attack him where he was. He invited me in and offered me a drink. I took a beer and followed him out to the garage. We started talking about bowling and other things for a bit before he asked me about the truck. I told him that I didn't know what was wrong with it because it was my brother's. He took a look at the truck and told me that it was just a fuse problem and that he would be done in about 20 minutes. We talked while he tinkered with the car. 

Not that long after he told me he was finished. He took off his shirt saying it was hot. I told him that with a body like his he didn't need an excuse to take off his shirt. He came over to me and put his arms around my waist and told me the same thing. Then he started taking my shirt off. Of course I didn't stop him, seeing as this is what I had wanted. We started kissing as I ran my hands all over his arms and chest. Then he started playing with my nipples through my bra. As he started taking it off, he suggested that we go in the house so that the neighbors couldn't see us. I followed him into the house grabbing his ass the whole way. Once inside, he took off my bra and started sucking on my nipples. I told him how wet he was making me by doing that. When he stopped I got down on my knees and undid his jeans and pulled them down, then his boxers. Out sprang a large cock with a purple head. 

Right away I licked the tip. Tasting his pre-cum, I tried to get as much in my mouth as possible. He moaned when his head hit the back of my throat. Then he pulled me up and took off my pants. After they were off and I was standing in just my thongs, he led me to the couch and layed me down. He spread my legs and knelt down in between them. He pulled my panties to the side and lightly blew on my now sopping wet pussy lips. I shuddered as he slowly began licking and nibbling on my lips. Then he slipped his tongue into my pussy. Sensing that I was going to cum soon he licked up and started on my clit. As he did this I started screaming and writhing in orgasm. When I was finished he looked up at me with his face covered in my pussy juice and smiled and said "Was it good for you?" I told him yes and that if he didn't fuck my soon we were going to have a problem.

He helped me off the couch and brought me to his bedroom. I sat on the bed and faced his cock. I took it in my hands and brought it to my lips. Putting my lips around the head I ran my tongue over the tip. He moaned as I worked his thick shaft into my mouth. Working his balls in my other hand I put as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. When it hit the back of my throat he moaned and told me I had to stop. He pushed me back on the bed and licked his way up to my soaking wet pussy. He kept moving up till he was sucking on my nipples. Taking each in turn and nibbling on them. As he was doing this he was rubbing his dick along my slit making me squirm. I moaned for him to put it in. He did and I screamed out in orgasm. He didn't stop though he started pounding me like there was no tomorrow. Soon he was yelling out that he was gonna cum. He pulled out and shot his first load all over my tits. We laid there catching our breath for a bit and cuddling.

After laying there for a while I felt him starting to get hard again. I rolled over and started playing with his hardening cock. He started playing with my pussy again running his finger over my clit. I started squirming again and he put a finger in my hole. After a little more playing I told him that I wanted him to fuck me in the ass. I got on all fours and he started licking around my ass. First he stuck one lubed finger in and moved it around. I pushed my ass towards him and told him to put another finger in. He did and started twisting them. With his other hand he lubed up he by now throbbing cock. Then he started to slowly work it in my tight asshole. He went slowly, letting my ass get used to his size. 

Finally, I couldn't stand it anymore and shoved my ass back so that his cock was almost fully in my asshole. After waiting a minute so the pain would go away we started a nice rhythm of him pounding my ass. He said he wasn't going to last long so I told him that I wanted to taste his cum. He pulled out of my ass, flipped me over and put his cock in my mouth. I took his cock deep into my throat moaning on it. I felt his balls tighten up so I pulled it out and stuck my tongue out to catch his cum. I caught most of it in my mouth and the rest splattered on my chest and stomach. He rolled over and lit a cigarette. After a few minutes we fell asleep, sticky with our cum all over our bodies. We woke up and he told me that he thought the truck needed more work and I would have to bring it back the next day.