 I'm always amazed at the amount of light that a full moon can produce. In the darkness of the night, it doesn't seem like I should be able to see this well. Streetlights and porchlights on our nearby houses give some ambient light, but it wouldn't be enough to see by. However, on a night like this when the moon is full and the sky is clear with stars staring and blinking back at me as a gaze up at them, I don't need a flashlight. I lay on my back with my hands under my head as I look at the night sky. Claire lies next to me looking at the same postcard view. I hold my hand out like if I could just stretch far enough I could reach a star and shake its light rays like a hand. Then I let my arm fall to my side, and Claire's hand finds mine.

A car drives by playing music too loudly for the time of night it is and breaks the reverent silence. The car reminds me that we are simply lying in our backyard surrounded by fences and urbanity and not somewhere far away from everybody and everything. Claire squeezes my hand, and I look over at her. I remember how we used to say we were going stargazing and then make out the entire time when we were in high school. We did some stargazing of course, but we spent more time gazing into ourselves and each other wondering about and hoping for what the future would have in store. Now years later, I've gotten what I had hoped for and she was lying right beside me.

I roll over and face Claire now. She looks at me. I kiss her gently and hold our lips together for a long kiss. When I break off the kiss, I can see her smile reflected in the moonlight. She kisses me this time, and as she does, she rolls to her side to. We embrace each other as our kissing becomes more passionate. Our lips part and our tongues caress. Our hands slowly explore our bodies and our love is as fresh and strong as if it was the first time. On those nights we'd stargaze, we'd challenge ourselves to see how long we could kiss. We've never broken our high school record as now we can't last that long before we need to make love to each other and tonight will be no different.

The kisses become more urgent and our hands work their way under our clothes. Claire touches my chest and shoulders. I work my hand under her bra and fondle her breasts. She pulls me in closer to her, and her hands run up and down my back. I move my hands to her back and then down. The fabric of her shorts is tight across my hand as I grab her butt and squeeze. I follow the curve of her down to where cheek meets thigh and relish one of the sexiest places to touch. Her hands follow suit and she grabs my butt as well. She pushes my hips forward against her so that she can feel my rapidly erecting penis against her. We remain in this state of happy urgency as we make out and fondle for an unknown amount of time. Crickets chirp around us and the silence is only broken by the occasional car driving by.

Then the urgency begins to shift to a frantic need. We can't kiss each other hard enough or fast enough. How hands can't rest on each other's bodies. We need to be everywhere and feel everything at once. I move my hand down the front of her panties and begin to explore her pussy like it is brand new to me. I trail my fingers around her sexy lips. I locate her clit and give it a pinch to send shudders down her spine. I let her warm wetness coat my fingers as I slip them into her pussy. I finger her like I used to when that was all we allowed ourselves to do. And she puts her hand down my pants and holds my cock firmly. She runs her hand up and down it. She tickles my head and rubs the precum across the tip. She holds my balls and my very essence in her hands.

She stops fondling me as she approaches an orgasm. Her mind is taking away from pleasing me and shifts to enjoying herself. She moans softly as she pulls her head away from mine and we stop kissing. The world stops for her as I work my fingers in her pussy and clit. She used to call them magic fingers for how well they knew her and how hard they made her come. Once again she is there, squirming under the stars as wave after wave of joy runs through her body caused by the electric touch of my fingertips. I leave my hand in her panties and gently caress and cup her pussy as she slowly comes down from her climactic peak above the universe.

Once she's back on Earth, she rolls over on top of me and kisses me passionately before sitting up still straddling me. She pulls her shirt over her head, and I sit up too. I bury my face in her tits which are barely contained by her bra. As I breathe her in deeply and lick her cleavage, I reach behind her and unclip her bra. I pull back and she pulls the bra off completely throwing in the grass away from us. She grabs my shirt and pulls it over my head. She runs her hands over my chest again before kissing me. After the kiss, I bury my face in her cleavage again and feel like I'm home. I kiss every inch of her warm skin. I lick around her areolae and finally her nipples. I suck on them and nibble them. Her breath sharpens as I send the pleasure running through her body.

She pushes me down so that I'm on my back. She kisses her way down to my pants. She gets off me so she can pull my pants off. I lay completely naked on the blanket now. She takes my cock in her hand and then puts it to her lips. She kisses the tip lightly and then all up and down the shaft. She licks my balls, and I feel them tighten as she tongues them. She puts my whole cock in her mouth and inches her lips slowly down to the base of my shaft. Then she releases me. She does this several times and picks up speed with each one until finally she is bobbing her head on my hard cock. After another minute or two, I reach out and touch her head. I stroke her hair letting her know without a word that I'm going to come if she keeps it up.

Sometimes this will cause her to go into overdrive and she'll stroke and suck harder to make me come, but tonight she slows down and then stops. She stands up and takes off her own shorts and panties and tosses them somewhere out of our little world and onto the grass. She squats down over my cock and slowly eases herself down onto it. She puts her hands on my chest for balance and then begins to slowly ride up and down. Just like when she was sucking me off, she picks up speed with each movement until she's finally riding hard on my cock. Her tits bounce and sway with each movement. I can hear my hard cock penetrating deep into her wet pussy. Our breathing is loud and heavy as she rides me.

Despite the sun having set, the night air is warm and sweat starts to collect on our bodies as we join ourselves together. I don't get a chance to warn her that I'll come soon this time, as she is already slowing down. She dismounts my hard cock and gets on her hands and knees. She thrusts her ass in the air, and I kneel behind her. She guides my cock back into her pussy and I begin to fuck her from behind. I start slow by thrusting deep and then pulling almost all the way out. I do the same thing as her and slowly pick up speed with each thrust until I'm pounding her from behind. Once again, I can hear her wet pussy gripping my hard cock, but this time the sound is joined with my balls slapping against her and our skin meeting for quick moments at the end of each deep thrust. If our neighbors walked out their back door they wouldn't be able to see us through our combined fence, but I'm sure they could hear our panting and fucking. Perhaps they had come out to take trash out or for any other mundane reason, and we had failed to notice.

As I once again get close, I slow down and come to a stop. I let my cock stay buried in her pussy for a few more moments allowing her to enjoy being filled with no movement and allowing me to enjoy the warm embrace of her tight, wet pussy. Then I pull out. She lies on her back on the blanket and looks up at the stars as I hold myself up over her. I push my cock passed her pussy lips and again into her world that only belongs to me. I cradle her head in my arms as I thrust my hips up and down fucking her pussy while I make love to her body. I press my lips against hers and we are again kissing passionately. In moments, I am close to orgasm, and I finally allow myself to feel relief. My balls tighten and then spasm as I fill her with my hot cum. She moans as she feels my powerful cock unload in her. I keep thrusting until I've spent all my energy.

I stop holding myself up and lay on her completely. She runs one hand through my hair and places the other on my back as we lay there. Our legs entangle and we hold each other like that until we can both breathe again. We continue to lay there even as my cock softens and her pussy relaxes. We don't move for a long while. We just hold and kiss and enjoy the feeling of our existences comingling even after the throes of ecstasy under the full moon.