 The combination of the shock of seeing Lucy and the fact that I had got so used to lounging around naked over the past few days meant that it took me a few seconds to realise that I was now standing in front of my best friend wearing nothing but sun block! Embarrassed, and much to Lucy's amusement, I awkwardly struggled into a T-shirt and my bikini bottoms while she sniggered childishly and pretended to look the other way.

I was genuinely pleased to see Lucy though and after a few more shrill hellos and hugs I showed her to one of the empty bedrooms and then prepared some lunch while she unpacked and freshened up. I laid out some bread, olive oil and Serrano ham, a large bowl of fresh fruit and a pot of coffee on a table in a shady spot by the pool. Lucy emerged soon after looking gorgeous in a white bikini and a wide brimmed straw hat. She sat down and produced a large bottle of expensive looking red wine from a duty free shopping bag and placed it on the table in front of me and said "Happy Birthday Jo!" I stared at her blankly for a few seconds before she reminded me that we had cancelled my birthday plans a few weeks ago after my breakup with Gary.

We Skipped the coffee and opened the wine instead and picked at the food as I recounted the details of the past few days to Lucy. Everything that had happened was totally out of character for me and hearing it all out loud sounded more than a little surreal, maybe it was the wine or maybe I had spent too long in the sun, but as I recounted the events of the past few days they felt distant, like it had all happened fifteen years ago or something.

Lucy sat and listened, her face agog. I don't think I have ever known her to be this quiet for any length of time. We have always been close and shared the intimate details of our lives with each other, but this was on a whole new level. I finished my story and Lucy sat in stunned silence, just staring at me in disbelief for a few seconds as she tried to digest it all. I looked at her, patiently waiting for a reaction but all she could say was "So, does this Paulo guy have a Brother?"

We laughed and talked into the afternoon and It began to feel as though I was finally putting my old life behind me and beginning a new chapter. As the day wore on we lost the shade in our little spot by the pool and I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable in the afternoon heat. I looked at Lucy as she drained the last of the wine from her glass and as though reading my mind she said that she simply couldn't resist the pool any longer. I agreed and without hesitation I quickly pulled my T-shirt up over my head and discarded and stepped out of my bikini bottoms as I walked over to the side of the pool and dived in.

Despite her earlier reaction to my nudity, Lucy stripped out of her bikini too and joined me in the pool and we spent the rest of the afternoon swimming and sunbathing and we didn't dress again until the evening. Paulo didn't show up at all that day, I guess he saw Lucy's hire car outside the villa and realised I had company. I was partly disappointed and partly relieved because it had given me some time to tell Lucy all about him. I just hope he doesn't think I have another man here and keep his distance. 

I slept late into the morning the following day, Lucy and I had stayed up late and had seen off another bottle of wine. I had slipped into bed around two AM and drifted into a deep sleep.

I was awoken the next morning by sounds from the kitchen and assumed that Lucy was up and making breakfast, so I pulled on a T-shirt and ventured out in search of coffee. When I got to the kitchen I was thrilled to find Paulo there, unpacking a huge tote bag full of fresh towels and bedding. He looked a little pensive when he saw me walk into the room but before he could even speak I threw my arms around him and pressed my lips to his. 

As we broke off our kiss I suddenly realised that we were not alone. "Jo, this is my cousin, David." Said Paulo, gesturing towards the young man sitting at the opposite side of the table from where we stood. I looked around to see a very handsome young man sitting there, the family resemblance to Paulo was clear. David was a very muscular and it was clear that he spent a lot of time working outdoors. "David helps me with repairs and odd jobs at my properties." Paulo said. I suddenly felt very exposed, the T-shirt I had grabbed barely covered my modesty and I self consciously pulled the shirt down at the front as I shook his hand and squeaked a nervous hello, but I just made matters worse by pulling the thin fabric tighter across my breasts.

I was just about to make my excuses and go and find some clothes to put on when Lucy walked into the kitchen, she was just out of the shower and wearing nothing but a towel. "All this noise had better be the sound of you making coffee or there will be trou..." She stopped dead when she saw Paulo and David. Now I have known Lucy so long that I can almost almost read her mind and as I introduced her to them I could tell from the expression on her flushed face and the way she bit her bottom lip that she really liked David. "Lovely to meet you both, Jo has told me all about you Paulo, and David is your Cousin you say, well that's close enough for me." she said. Lucy turned on her heel and disappeared off to get dressed, leaving the two guys looking very puzzled in her wake. I took this as my cue to go and throw some clothes on too and left Paulo to make us some coffee.

I showered and pulled on my shorts and bikini top and returned to the kitchen to find Lucy already there, sitting in her white bikini and flirting with David. He spoke excellent English and he and Lucy seemed to have really hit it off, she sat playing with her hair and seemed to be hanging on his every word, laughing in a slightly exaggerated way at everything he said.

Paulo handed me a cup of coffee and planted a lingering kiss on my lips. "I will be done with work just after lunch, if you like I will take you both for a picnic to a nice quiet beach with no tourists." Paulo said.

Before I could even answer Lucy said "That's very kind of you Paulo, but I actually have plans for this afternoon, but you and Jo go on without me." My first thought was that Lucy just wanted to give Paulo and me some time alone together, but then I caught that subtle, sly look on her face and the mischievous glint in her eye that told me that she really did have a plan.

They left soon after with a promise from Paulo to return in a couple of hours. We both headed out to the pool where I stripped off and lay in the sun reading while Lucy swam. I noticed that she kept her bikini on this time but guessed that the prospect of Paulo returning soon had maybe made her feel a little self conscious.

I had spent a blissful hour stretched out in the sun and completely lost in my book when Lucy pulled herself up and out of the pool and sat on the side just in front of my sun lounger. "Errr Jo, I think there might be something wrong with the pool filter." She Said. "It just made a really strange noise and then stopped completely." I looked up from my book and noticed that she had now shed her bikini top. "Do you think you had better get Paulo to drop David off here when you two go to the beach, so he can take a look at it?" She said innocently, biting her bottom lip and barely suppressing a smile.

I rolled my eyes at her and shaking my head, I reached for my phone to call Paulo.

Paulo arrived at the villa in his Jeep an hour later and dropped David off (much to Lucy's delight) and I climbed into the passenger seat in his place. I waved to them both as we pulled away and before long we had turned off the main road and were headed down a winding, dusty track to the beach. The Jeep bounced its way along the unsurfaced road and I could hear the clink of wine bottles from behind me every time we hit a pothole. I had skipped lunch in anticipation of the picnic and I was very hungry, the combination of the sea air and the smell of the food behind me caused my stomach to rumble and growl. I caught occasional glimpses of the ocean through gaps in the trees, it looked so inviting, azure blue and glinting in the afternoon sun as though it had been sprinkled with diamonds.

After what seemed like forever we reached the end of the track where it opened out into a small makeshift car park. No other cars were parked there so it looked like we had the place to ourselves. My stomach grumbled and I shivered a little in anticipation at the thought of spending time here alone with Paulo, but it wasn't just the food I was hungry for.

Paulo hauled the backpack containing the picnic over his shoulders and took me by the hand, leading me along a narrow path through the small grove of pines that backed onto the beach. The path soon gave way to a gentle rocky slope and we picked our way slowly down, Paulo lending me his hand to support me as we went. I paused for a moment when we reached the bottom of the slope to take in the view. The beach was amazing, it was a crescent of pristine, golden sand about a hundred meters long and framed at either end by tall, rocky outcrops and backed by pine trees full of singing cicadas. There was barely a breath of wind and the sea was as calm as a millpond and looked like blue glass.

I kicked off my shoes and enjoyed the feeling of the soft sand under my feet. We walked along the surf line to the far end of the beach where the base of the outcrop gave some welcome shade from the heat of the afternoon sun. We spread out the beach blankets from the backpack and took out the picnic. Paulo opened the wine, an expensive looking rosé cava that he had packed in ice. We sipped the wine from plastic beakers as we devoured the food. Paulo had brought ham and a chorizo, along with some fresh crusty bread, some tuna filled empanadas and some small potato omelettes. He had also stopped by the bakery on the way and bought a selection of pastries and I finished by demolishing two of these in quick succession as he watched in amusement. Replete, I lay back for a moment enjoying the combined buzz from the cava and the delicious sugar high from the pastries.

A short while later Paulo got to his feet and announced he was going for a swim, I immediately sprang up and grabbed him just as he started to peel off his T-shirt "You need to let your food digest a little first, it's very dangerous to swim on a full stomach." I said as I grabbed the waist of his cargo shorts and pulled him towards me. "And besides, you haven't eaten your dessert yet."

We fell into a deep kiss. Paulo gently placed his hands either side of my face and held me while our open mouths pressed together, I could taste the vestiges of wine in his mouth as our tongues entwined. I had missed him so much yesterday and I shivered with anticipation now that we were alone together again. Still gripping the waistband of his shorts, I pulled him tightly against me, feeling his hardness growing as I released his top button and slowly slid my hand down through the soft tangle of his pubic hair to find his thick, hardening cock. He let out a low moan as I broke off the kiss and began to lightly run my fingers along his now fully erect shaft, Paulo was huge and I shuddered at the thought of once again taking his length fully inside me, gasping in pleasure as I feel his girth stretch me as he slowly slides it in, but I wanted to delay that pleasure for a little longer yet.

I gripped his cock a little tighter, pulling it upright in his shorts, and began to run my hand slowly up and down its length. His breath was hot and ragged now and I could tell he was already close to coming, so I relinquished my grip on him and pulled my hand free and began to kiss him hungrily. I slipped my hands under his shirt, running them across his firm stomach and chest before interrupting the kiss to pull his shirt up and completely off. I turned my attention to the remaining buttons on his shorts and slowly undid them and tugged them down, he stepped out of them and kicked them aside. Our lips met again and my hand found his hard cock once more, I gripped it lightly, teasingly running my hand slowly down its length before cupping his balls.

Paulo's hands found the buttons on my white cotton blouse and he attempted to unfasten them from the top down, but he was shaking so much that it became a fumbling exercise in frustration. I moved to help him but before I had the chance he gripped the front of the blouse and pulled it violently apart. I gasped in shock and Paulo seemed genuinely surprised at his own actions, but the smile on my face let him know that I was completely fine with it. His hands then reached into my open blouse and I shivered with pleasure as they found my bare breasts beneath. My nipples hardened as I enjoyed the feeling of him cupping and stroking my soft breasts while we kissed again, his hard cock pressed firmly against me. I took a step back and looked him in the eye while I unfastened my own shorts and pulled them off, along with the bikini briefs I wore beneath them. As much as I liked the thrill of him tearing my clothes off I still needed something to wear for the trip back.

We moved onto the blankets and I gestured for Paulo to lie down. I climbed astride him, sitting on his chest with my glistening wet pussy tantalisingly close to his face. He could stand no further teasing though and he reached around and grabbed my buttocks firmly, pulling me sharply to him, closing the distance in an instant and causing me to cry out in surprise as his mouth found my pussy. There was none of the subtlety he exhibited the last time he went down on me, none of the slow, gentle build up. He plunged his tongue firmly against my engorged clitoris and began to voraciously lick me. I moaned with pleasure as he pushed his tongue hard against it, pushing my clit around in a rapid circular pattern. It felt incredible, almost too much, and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold off coming for long. I looked down at Paulo, what I could see of his face was soaked with my juices and I could hear him deeply inhaling the scent of my pussy while he hungrily devoured me.

I knew right now that I could relinquish what little control I was hanging on to and just let myself go over the edge, submitting to the powerful orgasm that I could feel building inside me, but I needed to last a little longer yet because I wanted him to come with me. I tried to pull myself back, to get my pussy away from his eager mouth or at least relieve the pressure and slow his pace a little, but he seemed to realise this and instead of relinquishing he intensified his grip on my buttocks and pulled me tighter into him. I moaned loudly and I knew I was very close to the point of no return, where I would have to surrender and let the orgasm come, but as a last resort I reached down and pushed his forehead back and managed to break the spell and his grip relaxed.

He reluctantly let go of my buttocks as I lifted myself off him and turned around so that I was now facing his deliciously hard cock. Paulo gripped my thighs and pulled me back toward him and he began anew, but this time he adopted a softer, gentler pace. I emitted a satisfied groan as I gripped the shaft of his cock and took a moment to savour the sight of it. It seemed impossibly hard as though it might just explode at any second, and I was sure it was thicker and longer than before. There was a silvery bead of pre-cum glistening on the tip of his cock, making a continuous string down to a little pool on his belly, I dipped my finger in and scooped it up and licked it clean before I bent further forward and felt him shudder with anticipation as he felt my hot breath on his cock. Holding him just in front of my mouth I slowly licked the sweet tasting fluid from him, my tongue slowly snaking around the head of his cock, tracing the shape of it.

I felt his thighs lift as he tried to slide his entire length into my mouth, I allowed the first couple of inches in before moving my head back and pushing down on his thighs, I was in control now. I pressed my thumb against the underside of his shaft and ran it up from the base until it met my lips and he moaned in pleasure and I was rewarded with a little gush of delicious precum in my mouth. I knew it wouldn't be long before he would come and I was getting close to the edge again myself so I relinquished my grip on his thighs and allowed him to slide as deeply into my mouth as he could. I propped myself up on my hands and let him thrust in and out, my tongue pressed to the underside of his cock as he slid it so deeply into me that it almost touched the back of my throat, before pulling back until it was almost out of me. He began to pick up the pace, matching the speed of his thrusts with his tongue against my clit. I didn't want to hold back any longer so I just allowed the waves of pleasure to begin building up so that I could finally release the orgasm that I had held prisoner. Paulo seemed to sense my succumbing and relinquished the little control he had imposed on himself. I began to shudder uncontrollably as I surrendered willingly to the orgasm, my cries muffled by his huge cock, which begin to twitch and pump my mouth full of velvety jets of cum.

We didn't dress afterwards, we just lay together on the blanket, silently exchanging kisses while we gently caressed and stroked each other. Exhausted but deeply satisfied I soon fell into a blissful sleep in Paulo's arms, my head on his chest listening to his heartbeat as I drifted off.

My last thought as I fell asleep was to wonder how things were going for Lucy back at the villa. With a little coaxing and a not insignificant quantity of wine, I later learned all of the details of her afternoon with David.

Lucy lounged around in the pool right up until the moment she heard the Jeep pull up outside the villa, she leapt out of the water and hastily dried herself off and pulled on a very short three quarter length T-shirt that left her midriff exposed and clung tightly to the still damp curves of her breasts, leaving nothing to the imagination. After Paulo and I had left for the beach Lucy explained the mysterious and sudden failure of the pool filter to David who much to Lucy's delight he seemed to have a great deal of trouble maintaining eye contact with her.

Lucy shivered with Joy when David stripped out of his shirt and attached a tool belt around his waist and went to investigate the problem. Lucy followed him outside and around to the utility room at the back of the villa and watched while he opened the circuit breaker panel and pointed to one of the switches that was clearly facing the opposite way to the rest. David seemed quite pleased to have found the problem and reset the breaker, but all this did was produce a distant rumble from the direction of the pool before tripping out again a couple of seconds later.

Ever prepared, Lucy had strategically positioned a sun lounger at the edge of the pool about three meters away from the small grate set into the floor that she had correctly guessed allowed access to the pool filter. As David struggled to remove the heavy steel cover she quickly stripped out of the T-shirt and lay face down on the lounger, if David had witnessed this (and she secretly hoped he had) he gave no indication. Lucy propped herself up on her elbows, finding a good position to watch him from behind her sunglasses while pretending to read.

David seemed to be having a real problem unfastening the cover, he had inserted two large metal keys that were apparently needed to release whatever hidden mechanism held it in place. The first key had rotated easily but the second appeared to be seized and David was not having any luck in shifting it. His exertions combined with the afternoon heat had left a sheen of sweat all over his torso and Lucy felt a tingle as she watched the well defined muscles in his arms tense as he repeatedly applied his strength to the task. After ten minutes David was still getting nowhere with the jammed mechanism and after one big final effort that seemed to make every sinew across his chest and arms tense like steel cables, he relinquished his grip on the key and sat down, defeated. Lucy sat up on the sun-lounger and teasingly covered her ample breasts with one arm and said "Why don't you take five while I fetch us both a drink?"
