 I sat in the departure lounge of Heathrow airport waiting for my flight to be called. Around me the posters of exotic places with sun kissed tropical beaches seemed a million miles away from the rain lashed tarmac beyond the windows. I sat and reflected on the events of the past few months, up until now it had been one hell of a shitty year. My relationship with Gary had gone from bad to worse in such a short space of time that it was over before either of us realised. It had finally come to a head six months ago when I was unpacking his case when he had returned home from a business trip. As I went through his suit pockets I found a pack of condoms, or to be more precise - half a pack of condoms.

There was no great fight at the end, no screaming and shouting or throwing of plates, he just accepted my find with sad resignation, as if he had no more fight left in him, to tell the truth I don't think either of us had, we were like two weary boxers that had gone the distance and this was the final bell that we both secretly wished for, the one excuse to put this miserable relationship out of its misery.

He was gone from my flat within two days, his best friend John came to help him pack up his few possessions into boxes and carry them out to the van they had hired. John smiled nervously every time we passed each other as I busied myself around the flat, cleaning the little voids left by Gary's things and generally trying to stay out of the way and not make it look as though I was spying to see what they were taking. Finally Gary handed the last box to John, instructing him to wait in the van, he left without saying anything, obediently carrying the box away. 

I stood in the kitchen, nursing a cup of coffee and looking absently through the window, I heard Gary enter the room behind me 'I left my key on the table by the door' he said. There was a pause as if he expected a reply, 'I'll be at John's for the time being, the numbers in the pad by the phone.' I remained silent, 'someone will pop round in a couple of days to get my mail.' After another pregnant pause I turned to face him, he could see straight away that I was crying. I was so annoyed with myself for letting him see me like this, I had been hoping to hold out until he was gone but the tears had welled to an uncontrollable level and finally burst their banks. Gary's first instinct had been to hold his arms open to me, as he had comforted me so many times before, and part of me wanted nothing more than to bury myself there and sob until everything was all right again, but A stronger part of me made me wave him away and say 'Please, just go.'

For the next few weeks I was just going through the motions of life, coasting along, running on empty. I constantly found myself telling people that I was just fine and that things had worked out for the best, it was almost a reflex action, a defence mechanism to hide my pain.

The last thing on my mind was taking a holiday when I picked the post up from the doorstep one morning, but there it was, a fat envelope from the travel agents. It all came back to me then, Gary, in a fit of over-compensation due to him always working away, had booked us both on a 3-week holiday in Spain at a villa on the Costa Blanca. It had cost him an absolute fortune but he had paid in full months ago and I had totally forgotten about it until now. I called him at his office to ask him what he wanted to do about the holiday. 'Hello Jo' he said nervously, 'Um how are you?'

'I'm doing Fine' I replied, 'how are you.'

'I'm good, thanks.'

'Its nice to hear from you.' There was a short silence before I explained to him about the holiday tickets and I asked him what he wanted to do with them, he had forgotten about it too. 'Well, if I cancel now I won't get any money back, it's just too late and I have to go to Germany that week anyway, so I cant use them' he said 'Why don't you use the holiday, get a friend to go with you or something, it would be a shame for the tickets to go to waste.' I thought long and hard about it for about a millionth of a second and agreed that I would go. After exchanging a few pleasantries with Gary I hung up then started to phone round my friends, starting with Lucy, my oldest friend. Unfortunately it a free holiday was a lot more difficult to give away than I could have imagined, Lucy didn't think she would be able to get the time off from her job, and the same went for all my other single friends, and the non singles all had holiday plans with their respective partners anyway. By the time I had exhausted my phonebook I was no nearer to finding a travelling companion and I had started to feel pretty despondent about the whole thing when it finally struck me, I would go on my own, after all I had survived the last few months alone so what difference would another three weeks make. I phoned Gary the next day and asked him if he could get his ticket transferred to Lucy, I didn't want him to think I was travelling alone and besides, if by some miracle Lucy did manage get the time off work, she would be able to join me after all.

I arrived, in Spain at three o'clock in the morning. I quickly collected my baggage and hired a car. By four AM I was out of the airport and on the motorway, desperately trying to make sense of the directions to the villa and the Spanish road signs. It was almost light by the time I found the villa, it looked beautiful but I was so dog-tired that I only had a cursory look around before finding my bed. I closed the shutters to keep out the Growing light of the new day and slid naked between the cool white cotton sheets and submitted willingly to sleep.

I awoke in the heat of the early afternoon to the sound of cicadas outside my window and I felt totally at peace and fully refreshed, something I had not felt in a long time. I threw back the bed sheets and opened the shutters and windows, letting the Spanish sun stream through into the darkened room in shafts of warm golden light. I stepped out onto the cool marble tiles of the terrace outside my bedroom and stood, naked, enjoying the feeling of a light breeze and the warm sun on my body. Looking out into the garden, I watched the sunlight glimmer through the branches of the fruit trees as it danced on the surface of the swimming pool and the vast blue Mediterranean beyond. All doubts that I had about coming here alone dissolved in seconds.

Eventually I managed to steal myself away and went back into my room, opened my suitcase and dug out a T-shirt, pulling it on as I left in search of coffee.

In the kitchen I found the refrigerator had been well stocked with water and soft drinks, along with some beer and wine. There was also a welcome pack of groceries on the large pine table. I soon gave up on the idea of making coffee and cracked open a bottle of coke instead, sipping it as I read the hastily scribbled note that I found taped to the box of groceries, it read 'Hola, I com in 2 day, clean beds and villa, make new towels.' It was signed 'P'. Underneath that was a crude hand-drawn map to the local supermarket, should I need to re-stock. Leaving the kitchen I began to explore my surroundings, the villa was beautifully decorated and furnished and was large enough to accommodate at least six people. Upstairs there were three large bedrooms; all had large sliding doors that led out onto private balconies and terraces. The large bathroom was tiled throughout and had two showers and a huge bath. 

Downstairs there was a large living area, the kitchen and another smaller bathroom. I went outside to explore the beautiful garden, the first thing that struck me was how private it was, the nearest properties were at least a mile down the hill and at no point was I overlooked by another house. The paved paths in the garden were starting to get hot so I walked on the grass instead. It felt good, I couldn't remember the last time I had felt grass under my bare feet, it was like being on another planet after living in London for so long. I made my way over to the swimming pool and sat on the side, dangling my legs in the cool water as I watched dragonflies dart around the garden and swoop over the surface of the water. 

I was so hot now, the T-shirt had become damp and clingy, I looked nervously around even though I knew I was perfectly alone, and pulled it off and threw it aside before sliding down into the cooling water. Swimming naked was such a sensual thing; the feeling of the water flowing over every inch of my body as I swam was heaven. It felt so good not having to swim with a soggy piece of material wrapped around me that I made a mental note not to bother unpacking my swimsuit. 

After a few minutes of lazily swimming lengths I swam up to the shallow end of the pool where gently shelving steps led down into the water. I lay back in the water with my arm outstretched across the first step and looked down at my naked body, enjoying the sight of my breasts as they floated just beneath the water, my hardened nipples just breaking the surface as the water lapped around me. It felt as though the warmer, shallow water at this end of the pool was gently caressing me as the waves that I had made while swimming broke against the steps. I moved up a couple of steps so that my top half was out of the water and I opened my legs a little and felt the water lap against my pussy. It was like being with the most gentle and attentive of lovers, the way the water washed rhythmically back and forth felt like someone placing subtle licks and kisses between my legs. The surface of the water soon began to calm as the waves subsided and it became still again. 

I slid back down and smoothed a hand across my breasts, enjoying the weightless feel of them in the water as I gently rubbed my thumb across one erect nipple before moving to the other. I slowly slid my other hand down my belly to find the fleshy folds of my pussy. Even though it was submerged in the water I could still feel it's slick wetness as I gently inserted a finger and began to slowly move it in and out. I moaned lightly as I moved my other hand down from my breasts to join its partner, making circles around my clitoris. I inserted a second finger and began rhythmically moving them in and out of the slippery hole. I began to lightly press down on my clitoris with two fingers, moving it in small circles as I gradually increased the pressure and speed. I was aware that I had begun to moan quite loudly, and the fact that I could do this and one could hear only served to arouse me further. 

I withdrew my fingers from my pussy and let my other hand return to my breasts; I gently squeezed them each in turn and rubbed my hard nipples. I felt that I was close to coming so I slowed down a little, wanting to prolong this as long as I could but the feeling was too intense so I surrendered and came intensely, waves of ecstasy washed over my entire body and I cried out so loudly that I could hear an echo. I lay back in the water, panting breathlessly for a few minutes until I found the strength to stand and get out of the pool. I didn't bother putting the T-shirt back on, I decided to carry on exploring in the nude and let the warm sun dry me. Close to the pool I found an outdoor shower, I didn't notice it at first as it was surrounded by bushes that made a natural screen around it. 

I went back into the house and found a towel and my wash bag and returned to the shower. I stood under it and turned the large round tap to the 'on' position. Nothing happened for a few seconds then the whole of the pipe-work shuddered into life and cold water fell from the showerhead in thick lazy jets. I gasped at the shock of the cold as the water flowed over my naked body; turning my skin to gooseflesh until eventually the water began to flow a little warmer. I squeezed some shower gel into my hand and massaged it all over my body, enjoying the slick sensual feel of my own skin as I lathered myself. It wasn't long before my hand found my deliciously soapy pussy and I began to masturbate, it didn't take long before I came again, almost as hard as the first time.

I carried on for the next couple of days much as I had begun, my time was taken up with swimming and sunbathing and a lot of masturbation. When the third day came I had started to run low on essential supplies (I had run out of wine) so I got dressed and decided to take a trip to the local store. I couldn't believe how uncomfortable it felt to have to wear clothes, I had not worn a single item of clothing since I arrived and had gotten quite used to being nude all the time. Reluctantly I put on a pair of shorts and a bikini top and left for the shop.

I returned an hour later and dumped the groceries on the kitchen table, I kicked off my shoes and shed what little I was wearing and headed upstairs to my bedroom for a siesta. I found that the maid had been, I had fresh sheets on the bed and a pile of neatly folded towels on the dresser. I was just climbing into bed when I heard a loud splash; someone was in my pool. Nervously I opened the shutters and peered out at the pool, there was a man swimming lengths and he appeared to be naked. I quickly rifled through my suitcase and produced a pair of binoculars and I returned to the window just in time to see him pull himself out of the pool. He was beautiful, everything seemed to turn to slow motion as he hauled himself onto the side of the pool and stood in full view of me. 

I watched as little rivulets of water ran down his tanned body as he stood in the sunlight. I examined him at length through the binoculars; he had a tight, toned body that was evenly tanned all over and he looked as though he was Spanish. It suddenly dawned on me that this was 'P', the one who had left the note at the beginning of the week; he must have thought that no one was home when he brought the fresh bedding and towels and decided to take a dip. My attention soon moved southwards to his cock, it looked to be around seven inches long and pretty thick too. 

My hand moved down to my pussy as I imagined willingly spreading my legs and watching him slowly guide his hard prick into my waiting pussy, its huge girth stretching me to the limit and making me cry out. The fantasy was soon interrupted as he disappeared from view into the shower but I waited patiently until he returned and I almost passed out when he did, he must have been masturbating as he now had a full erection and it was huge, much bigger than I imagined it to be. My libido went into overdrive as I admired his penis as it slowly returned to its normal size while he dressed again and I began to hatch a subtle plan to get it inside me, after all masturbation is all very well but sometimes a girl needs a little more.

To be continued...