 She awoke to feeling his hand on her thigh, rubbing gently. She thought about rolling over, but was still pleasantly sleepy and he obviously needed no encouragement. As she tried to keep her breathing regular, Lee's hands slipped up and down her back, not resting any one place, but lightly gliding over her skin from her waist to the base of her neck. 

Hopefully, she pretended to stir, stretching her arms out in front of her and was rewarded by the restless hand moving over her ribs to begin playing with her breasts. His palm began to make smooth circles over the top of her bra. Her nipples hardened, rising to try and meet his palm through the cloth. Then, slowly, the hand began to make its way downward, trailing ticklish lines across her stomach, flirting with the lacy edge of her panties. 

"Well," she thought, "no sense pretending to be asleep." BUT, no sense in rolling over either. Things seemed to be going pretty well with no help from her, so she'd just relax and, in her favorite line during sex, she mentally told Lee, "Do what you want to with me." 

His hand now dipped under the waistband, making slow zigzags down to where she began to feel herself becoming wet. His fingers made determined efforts at reaching her clitoris and she was not going to make it difficult for them. She scissored her right leg back, and her left forward, making it easy for them to have free roam. As a result, she let out a small sigh as his fingers found first her clit, and then slid their tips inside her, wetting them, and then resuming a lovely slippery circle over and around her node. 

Feeling pressure from his left free hand under her hip, she raised up, and he wasted no time in relieving her of her panties. She rolled onto her back to make it even easier for him and felt the bed shift as she did. Looking over, she saw that he had disappeared beneath the covers and knew what was coming. Mary was glad that she had showered the night before so that she could relax and not worry about "morning breath." His hands slid to her thighs, opening them. Hot breath on her skin became a wet tongue on her clit. She moaned. 

"I wish I could se him," she said glancing down at the mass beneath the covers, "but I don't feel like putting on my glasses, anyway." In fact, she lied there enjoying the underwater effect her nearsightedness put on the darkened room. She loved oral sex, no doubt about it. The only drawback was that Lee couldn't be inside of her when she came. So, as usual, when she felt those waves starting to rise and the trembling deep within her body she started to say "come have sex with me" when she felt something warm and hard pressing against the outside of her vagina. Slowly it circled, making itself wet, dipping deeper inside her with each wonderful lap. 

"How in the hell is he laying?!" she thought. He wasn't laying on her at all, not letting any of his weight fall on her or any of himself touch her except for that beautiful dick, that was teasing her with little 1-inch thrusts. "Oh, just come inside me," she almost yelled, and then nearly came out of her skin when Lee's voice answered from across the room, "No, not yet." 

Before she could get out another question, the penis, or whatever was flirting with the idea of fucking her quit kidding around. She felt herself become filled as whatever unseen cock began to move in and out of her like the world's best piston. At the same time, that hot wet tongue returned to its job as well--circling, pressing, flattening her clit and making her as wet as a shower would. 

"What is going on?" she was about to say, but it was pretty damn obvious what was going on. She was getting licked and fucked by something and someone she couldn't see, but it was Lee's idea. Glancing around the room, she finally located a Lee-shaped blur in the corner. Addressing the darkness, and concentrating on talking as that cock and tongue kept busy, she said, "who's under the cover? When are you coming over here to um.....help?" 

A two word response. "You'll see." 

Ok then, she thought, and resigned herself to waiting and enjoying. It wasn't too terribly difficult. Whoever was down there had an amazing tongue and some nice toys. She writhed as she felt an orgasm chasing her in the darkness, and she let it catch her. She had something nice and hard in side of her and she ached to squeeze her pussy around it as the spasms started. She nearly came off the bed as the muscles in her thighs and lower back "bounced" her on the mattress. From the corner she heard a low laugh and two more words. 

"My turn" 

He quickly slid into bed, as the unseen lover seemed to melt in the blurry darkness, a shadow leaving the room. "What was all this about?" she asked. "A simple game of 'I want'" he replied. "We always ask each other what do you want during sex. I just answered for you." 

"Well, what do you want, Lee?" 

No verbal response, but he grabbed her hips and flipped her onto her stomach. Seizing her hips again, he centered himself behind her, kicking her legs apart and catching her when she nearly fell back to the mattress. With one quick thrust, he was inside her to the hilt. She moaned loudly, as she felt his legs slam into her ass, his testicles swinging against her mound. He rammed faster and faster, his hands slipping around her hips, the heels of his hands still forcing her back again and again as the fingers of one hand laid her clit bare for the other to play with. Almost instantly, she felt herself beginning to tremble again, and before she could even ask him to fuck her as hard as she wanted, she erupted in a thrashing orgasm, slamming herself willingly back into that rock hard dick. She felt him tense and he grabbed her waist viciously, burying himself as he poured cum insider of her. He rocked her back and forth with every spasm, finally letting her go as he collapsed on top of her. 

Panting, they lay there. Finally, as if it was explanation enough, he said, "Good morning."