 Many years ago I used to run away to a sacred hidden spot that was known to nobody except me. As I grew up on a farm in rural Ohio, I used to have wild dreams and fantasies. My family was raised Catholic and I was raised in a very strict environment. Life at home was rather boring. My brother and I did our chores and hung out with our friends. When I turned eighteen I began to change.

I began to have vivid dreams of things that my mother said was wrong and dirty. My mother told me that I needed to be cleansed and saved before I could ever get married. Needless to say I never told my mother about any more of my dreams. I kept them to myself.

I remember when I grew up that I used to get so aroused and turned on while I watched soap operas. This one time I became so wet my pants had a wet spot showing. My heart was racing and I noticed that my breathing was getting heavier. My mother was sitting on the couch behind me so I tried to keep my composure. When there was a commercial break and my mother went to check on dinner I quickly darted from the living room to my bedroom.

Quietly I pulled my pants off. I couldn't believe how soaked my panties were. Quickly, I pulled my panties off and was amazed at how big and parted my pussy lips were. With a shaky hand I slowly reached down and touched myself for the first time. 

Instantly I bit my lip. I gasped quietly as I felt my finger slide between the folds of my cunt lips. Quickly I began to rub my fingers up and down my slit. Suddenly I felt what felt like butterflies in my stomach. I began breathing even harder and with my other hand I reached up and squeezed my breast. Just as I pinched my nipple I began to lightly circle my clit with my finger.  Suddenly I arched my back as I laid back on my bed. I replayed in my mind what I just witnessed on television and I felt myself tremble like never before. At first I became startled when I felt so much wetness come out of my pussy. My toes curled and my whole body tensed up as I began to see stars. The whole time I was pretending to be the girl in the soap opera who was seduced and forced to do things to her lover. Finally after what seemed to be an eternity I began to come back to my senses. 

That night as I laid in bed I began to think up different scenes that I thought were erotic. I came up with so many that I couldn't remember them all. That was when I decided that I would write them down. 

The next day I went into my closet and pulled out an old notebook. I found a pen and placed these items into my book bag. My dad was working and my mom was tending the yard when I ventured off to my secret little hiding place. 

I walked down the gravel road and went down the hill to the river. Looking around I saw that nobody was within eyesight so I quickly walked down the embankment toward the river. I stepped onto the old sandstone blocks and walked up to the spot where I always sit.

I sat down on the old blanket that I sat on all the time and looked out over the river. The gentle stream made such a tranquil sound and it always relaxed me. Never in my life have I ever seen anyone else under here and I felt totally safe from the rest of the world. After a few moments I opened my back pack and took out my notebook and pen. I thought for a few minutes and began to write my first erotic story.

Twenty five years has now passed. I still write down my fantasies from time to time but my marriage keeps me occupied to the point of not having enough time. I always kept my stories and fantasies to myself, never even letting my closest friend know about them. I always believed my mother when she told me that these kind of thoughts were impure and the work of the devil. It wasn't until a recent stop over at my brother's house did I realize that other people wrote erotica and experienced the same thoughts, desires and fantasies. 

My brother asked me to stop and check on his house while he was away on vacation. One day while I was making sure everything was all right I came across a bound copy of a story he wrote. I was curious so I took it home to read it, figuring that I still had almost a week before I had to put it back where I found it. That night when I went home and opened the cover, I nearly died.

My brother had written such an intense erotic story I couldn't help but to touch myself while I read it. I lost count as to how many times I came before I finished the book. When I finished the book I noticed that he had a card in it from an erotic story web site thanking him for winning a contest. My curiosity got the best of me and I logged on to my computer. 

I couldn't believe that my brother had so many stories published on this web site. I was totally shocked. What shocked me even more was the fact that thousands upon thousands of other people had stories published there. It was then that I remembered all of the stories I had written so many years ago.

I went to the attic in my house and I began searching frantically for all of the stories that I had written by hand so many years ago. After searching for over an hour, I found the three notebooks that housed all of my erotic thoughts and desires. I sat there for a moment and opened the cover of the notebook. Suddenly I began to drift back in time.

I decided that it was now time to share my passion with the rest of the world. I decided that if my brother had the balls to tell the whole world his fantasies than I should too. I took my notebooks to my computer and decided that I would type them and share them with those interested in reading them. This is the beginning of "The Townline Road Bridge" series. 

This first story that I wrote twenty five years ago. I hope you enjoy it 

I have been with my boyfriend for four years. We dated for two years before getting engaged. Last weekend was our big wedding day, a day that changed my life forever. 

The day went off without a hitch. Everyone showed up at the church on time and everyone remembered what they were supposed to do. After Rob and I said our "I Do's," we made our way over to the hall for the reception. 

Everyone in my wedding party lined up to meet our guests. Rob ended up standing next to his mother to comfort her due to her constant crying. Dale, my husband's best man was now standing next to me. 

Dale and I have flirted in the past but nothing ever happened between us. We had talked about our feelings and attraction for each other but decided to leave it at that. As we continued to greet the guests, Dale began to flirt again. 

"Nice legs," and "nice heels," were the remarks from Dale. I just smiled at him while I continued to greet the guests. 

"Rob's a lucky man," Dale said as he looked down into my eyes. 

I don't know why I gazed back into his eyes for so long but I did. What I didn't understand was the fact that my husband's best friend was beginning to make my pussy tingle. 

After all of the guests arrived we made our way to our table. I still felt the effects of Dale's flirting and long soulful gaze as my nipples ached and my pussy remained damp. As I sat down next to my husband he placed his hand on my thigh and I nearly came. For some reason I thought it was Dale squeezing my thigh as I felt the floodgates open. 

After we ate we began to drink some serious alcohol. Before long I was pretty well intoxicated and it was time for my wonderful husband to remove my garter. As I sat down on the chair in the middle of the dance floor I realized that the room was spinning. 

I prayed to God that my husband wouldn't see my soaked thong when he lifted my leg up to remove my garter. I could tell that my crotch was soaked and if he lifted my leg high enough he would see. Finally after much hype, Rob slid the soft frilly garter down my leg. I'll never forget the long lustful gaze that Dale gave me as he watched my husband slide my garter down my long sexy leg. 

I couldn't believe the incredible rush I just had as my parted legs showed off my thong covered cunt. Slowly I closed my legs and set my foot back on the ground as I watched my husband stand up. Without looking behind him he tossed the garter over his shoulder. Wouldn't you know it, Dale was the one to catch it. 

I got up and excused myself to go to the rest room. Along the way I couldn't believe how horny I was. My breasts ached and my nipples tingles. With each step I took I felt my pussy buzz more and more. I felt myself shaking from the effects of the alcohol and from the lustful looks my husband's best man was giving me. I needed to compose myself so I turned toward the rest room door. 

I pushed the door open and stumbled into the stall. When I turned around, I couldn't believe my eyes. I must have accidentally walked into the men's room as Dale was standing there just about ready to piss. 

I should have turned around and left but for some strange reason my eyes lowered from his eyes to his cock. I couldn't believe that I was finally looking at the cock I had often fantasized about. I couldn't believe how fast it rose to full hardness. Within seconds it was towering at about eight inches.

"Don't be afraid," Rob said as he reached out and took my hand. 

"But Dale, I just got married two hours ago," I said meekly as I tried to pull my arm back. 

I watched Dale reach into his pocket and pull out my garter. 

"Shhhhhhh," Dale said as he let my hand fall to my side. 

This was my chance to run and get out. It was my opportunity to turn and walk away, leaving my wedding vows intact. Instead, I just stood there and watched as Dale reached up and placed my garter over my head and cover my eyes with it.

Suddenly I felt my pussy juices flowing. I felt Dale place his hand on the back of my head and slowly guide my head down toward his beautiful cock. 

"Oh god Carla yes," Dale cried out as my lips touched the tip of his cock. Without any hesitation I opened my mouth and accepted my husband's best man's cock. 

I was on fire as I instinctively began sliding my mouth up and down his member, coating it with my saliva. I felt Dale begin to rock his hips back and forth as his cock was now fucking my mouth. Low guttural moans began to escape his lips, indicating that he was ready to blow. 

Suddenly Dale began to grunt as he thrust his hips even harder. The blindfold over my eyes and the fact that I just got married and was now sucking off my husbands best friend sent me over the edge too. Reaching down I squeezed my pussy right through my wedding dress. I began to cum just as Dale began to squirt his load into my throat. 

Not wanting to leave any evidence behind I began to swallow his cum. This was a first as I don't like the taste of sperm but under these circumstances I figured it was for the best. After Dale finished cumming I continued to suck and lick his cock clean, noticing that it was still rock solid.  Dale quickly turned us around and bent me over slightly, telling me to hold onto the toilet tank. I did as he requested as I felt his hands begin to slide up my long stocking encased legs. My knees grew weak as I felt his fingers hook around the tiny waist band of my thong. I began to breathe heavily as I felt my thong being pulled down my legs.

I now found myself bent over the toilet with my garter covering my eyes. I felt Dale lift my dress and then suddenly I began to shudder as I felt his hot hard cock push against my dripping wet cunt.

"Oh God," I cried out as I felt my husband's best man begin to slip inside of me. 

Instantly Dale began to pound me from behind. It didn't take long for me to cum as my knees grew even weaker. Suddenly I began to see stars as I started to shake and convulse. 

Wave after wave of pleasure passed over me until I nearly passed out. The feeling of his hips slapping into my ass and his cock filling me up more than my husbands sent me into another world. 

"Oh Carla, here I cum," Dale moaned as he held my hips and slammed his cock into me even harder. 

I felt him swell and then suddenly I felt him squirt. His searing juices began to run out of my pussy and down my legs. Never before have I don't anything so erotic. 

"Oh God Dale," I cried out as I felt his hot sticky cum dribbling down my inner thigh's.

I never felt such love like I did when Dale wrapped his arms around me and held me. The feeling of his strong arms supporting me along with his twitching cock still inside of me was too much to handle. Just then I began to cum again.

Dale remained still as he leaned into me. I could feel his hot breath against my neck as my pussy gripped at his member in rhythmic spasms. Slight gasps escaped my lips as I continued to cum just from having his cock inside me. Finally after a few moments I felt myself come back down from my high.  

I felt him stand me up and turn me around. My garter was still covering my eyes as I felt his lips touch mine. For one brief moment we shared a soft tender kiss as our tongues gently caressed each other's. After our kiss broke I felt him let go of me and I heard the stall door close. I took my garter from my eyes and I lifted my foot to pick up my soaked thong. I cleaned up and went back to the reception.

Along the way I passed Dale and slipped my garter and soaked panties into his hand as he was the rightful owner of these possessions. I walked back to my husband and we came together for a nice relaxing slow dance. 

As I retyped this erotic adventure I ended up making myself cum. This erotic step back in time has made me realize all of the dreams, fantasies, and desires that I have yet to explore.

That was the very first story I ever wrote. I hope you enjoyed it and return next time for my next installment. I thank you for reading my story and hope to hear your feedback about my erotic thoughts and fantasies. Until next time. KISSES, Carla