 The rain fell in sheets, soaking everyone down to the bone. People ran for cover as the dark gray clouds scuttled overhead, dropping little water bombs everywhere. It was not the best day to be outside.

She ran from the little shop where she had tried to wait out the rain. A pressing appointment would no longer keep. Maybe she could have missed it, but she preferred to be there. They had told her that the clients really needed to see her this morning. It was a big deal and they were getting antsy.

Her short, auburn hair was plastered to her scalp as she dodged between cars. The thin blouse she had on was next to transparent from the rain. Her heavy breasts in her black bra were clearly visible to whomever looked. A short skirt, and now soaked black stockings, completed her ensemble. The skirt kept riding up as she leapt over puddles. The garter belt that she used to hold her stockings flashed out with each little jump. Several men saw this and smiled to themselves. Yes, even wet, especially wet, she was beautiful.

Fishing in her bag, she found her keys and pressed the unlock button. The little red sports car parked in front of her chirped in response. Opening the door, she threw her things into the back seat. As she was reaching for the lock, the passenger door flew open. She screamed and bumped back into her door as someone jumped into her car.

"Don't speak! Just do as I say and no one gets hurt!" the stranger drawled in a Aussie accent as he held out a gun. "Start the car!"

With a trembling hand, she put the keys in the ignition and turned the engine on. 

"Take it easy now... I promise not to hurt you. I just need a ride." He spoke softly. "Just drive slowly and don't try to wreck us. I know how you Yank drivers can be."

Did he just make a joke, she thought. My God! I'm being car-jacked and this guy's a comedian! She looked sideways at him as she pulled out into the road. Not too bad looking she thought. Actually kind of, well... adorable! Short brown hair and a peppered goatee framed a boyish face. Even sitting down, she could tell that he was tall and had a nice build. His jeans were wet and clung to him, especially to his crotch, outlining his manhood. She felt herself blush as she noticed this.

He smiled at her. "I really am sorry to trouble you, but have you ever tried to catch a cab in weather like this?" When he smiled, his hazel eyes sparkled. 

"I..." she stuttered. "I... have somewhere to be. They're expecting me! I can't take you anywhere!"

"Look... I'm the one holding the gun. I would prefer not to use it, but I really need to get out of the city right now. So please, just drive and let me think. No funny stuff and everything will work out with no worries. All right?"

With tears welling up in her eyes, she nodded. "Where... where are we going?"

"Just head east on I-10. I'll tell you where to turn off." Saying that, he placed the gun down in the seat beside him. 

Silence filled the car as she pulled out of town and onto the interstate. Only the sounds of raindrops and the wet tires slapping the pavement broke the quiet. She had stopped crying and was starting to shiver.

"I'm truly sorry, miss." he said. "Here, let me turn the heat on. I may be car-jacking you, but I really am an okay bloke."

He fiddled with the knobs. "Bloody blasted thing! Doesn't this work?"

She was shocked as she found herself starting to giggle. He was jiggling the knobs to the heater controls around and nothing was happening. He stopped and the look on his face sent her over the edge. Her laughter echoed in the car. 

Fearing that she may be losing it, he asked, "Miss.. are you okay?" As he said this, he couldn't help but notice her hardened nipples and her breasts jumping with every laugh.

She shook her head and tried to get control over herself. 'What am I doing,' she thought. 'But what is he doing? He's kidnapped me and he's worried about me being cold? What is going on?' Finally she was able to stifle her laughter and ask him a question.

"Why are you doing this? You don't look like anyone who would kidnap someone or steal a car."

He shook his head. "Trust me, miss. If there would have been any other way, I would have taken it. The less you know, the better off you'll be."

She slowed the car down and looked at him. "I do seem to be involved in whatever it is you are in. Or did you miss the fact that this is my Goddamn car you're sitting in! And I also happen to be sitting here, in this car, soaked to my fucking skin! So I think you owe me some answers!"

When she mention being soaked, he looked down again. Sure enough, what he saw caused his organ to harden. She noticed the swelling in his pants "Look miss..."

"My being wet is not for your amusement, mister!" she snapped. "And my name is not Miss! It's Shari!"

He smiled and she felt herself start to get wetter, and not from the rain! This was crazy!

"All right... Shari," he said her name in a drawn out fashion, causing her heart to skip a beat. "I have some very bad people after me. They would not be too nice to me if they caught me. Understand?"

"Are you running from the cops?" she asked.

"No... these blokes aren't... let's just say that I... oh hell!" he swore. "Look. I am a cop. I was undercover and my cover got blown. I've been on this case since Australia and I found out some things. Somehow my cover went south and now I'm on the run."

"Can't you just go to the cops here?"

"Sorry. I'm here kind of, uh... illegally." he shrugged. "Oh, and by the way, I wouldn't have used the gun."

Suprising herself, she replied, "I don't really think you would have needed it."

Neither one spoke as she continued down the highway. The rain had slowed some, but the roads were still slick. Shari concentrated on her driving as he concentrated on her. Her blouse was still wet and still see-through. Either from the cold, or from excitement, her nipples were standing straight out. He smiled as she shifted in the seat, causing her breasts to sway slightly.

Shari looked sideways and caught him looking at her chest. A faint blush crept up her neck. She felt herself growing moist between her legs. 'I can't believe I am getting turned on here!' she thought. 'Well, let's see where this goes...'

Looking back at the road, she leaned slightly forward. "I need some help here. I'm freezing!" she said with a pout.

He grinned and leaned in towards her. "No worries. What would you like me to do?" As he said this, he placed his hands on her back and started to massage her skin through her shirt. She could feel little electric sparks coming from his hands and warming her skin.

"This shirt is soaked, you know." he said. With that, he reached in front of her and started to undo her buttons. Rather than object, she leaned back into the seat to make it easier for him. When he reached the last button, she leaned forward again and he pulled the top off. She shivered which caused her heavy breasts to shimmy in her small bra. He smiled again. With one hand he undid the clasps on the back of her bra and pulled it off with the other. Now her breasts were out and the cold really hit them. Her nipples were like little rocks surrounded by her large aureolas. As he saw this, he felt his cock try to rip through his jeans.

"You really are cold, aren't you?" he asked. She just nodded and blushed. 

Leaning forward, he cupped her left breast in his hand and his fingers found her nipple. He slowly rolled the nub with his thumb, causing her to moan and shift in her seat. His mouth found her right nipple and covered it with his warmth. As he sucked in hard, she felt herself gush with juice. She knew that she had just made a bigger wet spot on the seat and she didn't care!

Shari leaned back in the seat and tried to concentrate on staying on the road as he continued his expert manipulation of her breasts and nipples. His fingers softly pinched and pulled her left nipple, causing sparks to shoot through her body. His mouth continued to work on the other one. His tongue flicked rapidly back and forth over the nipple that he held between his teeth. When he sucked in hard, she felt a mini-orgasm slam into her. Her pussy spasmed and more juice ran down her ass. She fought the wheel as the car skidded slightly.

"Fuck this!" she snapped and pulled the car quickly over to the side of the road. "You aren't going to tease me this way! So either put up, or get the hell out!"

"That's what I like!" he said with a grin. "A Sheila that knows her own mind!"

He dropped his seat back and slid into the back. She was right behind him. Before she could turn around, she felt his hands on the top of her skirt. With a sharp tug, he pulled it down, along with her stockings and garters. The air was cold as she lost her clothing. She tried to turn around and get into the seat. Hell, anyone driving by could see her! It was no use. 

He placed one hand on her back and the other around the front of her thighs. This caused her to be bent over the front seat with her ass in the air and her pussy open to his gaze. The thought brought on a fresh wave of juice. 

In the back seat, he smiled while looking down at the view and said, "My God! You look good enough to eat." With that, he plunged his stiff tongue deep into her vagina and licked downwards, finding her clit.

"What...?" she stammered, just before she screamed out in pleasure. "Oooooohhhhh.... Yesssss!!!"

He would start at the bottom, or top, with her clitoris and slowly dragged his tongue upwards and to the top of the crack of her ass. Then he would go back down again. Over and over, back and forth. Each time, he would changed the pace, slowly, then fast. Her ass bucked upwards each time he went down. 

Sliding his thumb into her sopping cunt, he moved his tongue to her ass. Her hole spasmed as he rimmed the tight circle. He flicked his tongue back and forth across the hole, while his thumb plumbed her pussy and his fingers manipulated her clit. She started to slam forward into the seat as her pussy exploded in orgasm. She bucked back against his face as she moaned and thrashed.

"Ooohhhh... ooooohhhhhhh....... Goooooooodddddddd..... eat me, you mother-fucker...... OOOOOhhhhhhhh..... GGGgoooooooodddddddd!!!!!!" she screamed as her body went from one orgasm to another. Her legs shook and her body trembled as he kept up the attack. "Ooohhhhhh....... oooooohhhhhhhhh.......oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.......... Gooooooooddddd!!!"

He slowly pulled his thumb out from her thoroughly soaked vagina. Her juice had run down her legs, soaking the seat back. Her asshole was still twitching as he moved back and raised his hips to take off his jeans. 

She was still moaning and trembling as he dropped his pants. His rock hard cock sprung out and quivered like a snake anticipating its meal. She tried to raise herself up and off of the seat, but her body was limp and weakened.

"Oh God..." she moaned. "That was great."

He smiled and put his hands on her hips. She felt his hard cock slide against her leg as he moved her over onto the seat. Her ass was still facing him as she looked down at the fabric. She pulled her legs up under her and moaned.

Without a word, he reached down under her and lifted her hips up towards him. Her pussy was open before his onslaught and he took advantage of it by slamming his long pole into her drenched cunt. "Jesus Christ!" she screamed out as his long, thick shaft ripped up into her. She felt a new orgasm slam into her already wracked body. She tensed and relaxed, and did it again as he slammed his dick in and out of her swollen pussy. 

He moaned as he felt her tight cunt walls close around his shaft. She was so tight and so wet. She felt so good wrapped around him. He leaned over her as he continued pistoning his cock inside of her and started to kiss her back. His hands reached in front of her and cupped her heavy breasts. As he pulled on her nipples, she started to moan out hard and loud. He moved his mouth up to her neck and bit down gently. His tongue traced up and down her skin, making her jump underneath him.

Their moans filled the car and the scent of sex hung heavy and pungent in the confined space. It was heady and both felt a little light headed. He from the sensations she was making him feel, her from one orgasm after another.

She started to thrust her pussy into his crotch. His balls slapped wetly into her clit with each plunge. His cock speared upwards into her, ever deeper, threatening to hit bottom. She cried out in exctasy as she came again. He held still for a moment as she tightened around him and then he pulled slowly out.

"Noooo..." she moaned, her head buried into the back seat.

He grasped his cock and slid it up the crack of her ass, positoning it over her tight back-door. She was slick and well lubed from her own copious sex juices. 

As she realized what he was about to do, her head snapped up. "What...?"

He pushed forward hard and popped his huge cock head into her tiny hole. She screamed out in pain and pleasure. "Ohhhhh!!! Stop... please...wait..."

He didn't wait. He slammed forward, burying his cock into her and causing her to try to scoot forward to avoid the assault. His huge cock burned as it slid inside of her. Her ass was on fire. She screamed out again. This time, he held still and let her get used to his size.

It wasn't a long wait. She was already so wet, he had no problem moving slowly back out and then slowly back in. She started to move her hips and buck against him. Her moans got louder and her body started to thrash more. He sped up his motions and started to slam in and out of her tight ass.

"Fuck me..." she panted. "Fuck my ass! Oohhh.... Oohhh... Oohhh... Oohhh... Oooooohhhhhhh!!!!" Her orgasm slammed into both of them.

He felt his own orgasm start to rush forward. He pushed as deep into her as he could, his wiry pubic hair was brushing her taut ass cheecks. "Uuggggghhhhh!!!" he grunted, as he shot his hot sticky wad deep into her bowels.

Shari's head snapped forward and down, her eyes grew wide and she moaned as she felt his burning lava coat her rectum. Her pussy started to spasm yet another time as she met his cumming with her own. "Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

Their bodies spent, they collapsed onto the car seat. He was still buried in her ass and slowly eased out. His spent penis was covered in both of their juices and lay wetly across his thigh. She snuggled up against him, her body still shaking with little after-shocks from her multiple orgasms.

Looking up into his hazel eyes, she said, "Next time, it's my fantasy. But I did like this one."

He just smiled down at her with a wicked grin. "No worries."