 Laura balked when I told her the era of underwear was over, regardless of what she had on top.

"I can't do that. It's not decent. I'm a professional therapist."

We were standing in her pool at the end of a warm day. I had just done twenty laps and was feeling it. She had invited me for a swim and dinner. This was code for needing my assistance with a patient.

I reached out and tweaked a stiff, impudent nipple. The nipple knew most of my payments for assistance came in the form of amazing sex with the woman of my dreams. It was ready even if the brain above it was not.

"Laura, you are a professional sex therapist. Your work involves fixing women with hangups and other issues around sex. When you bring me in, you intend to shock the woman out of her silly notions about sex, whatever they are. All I am saying is that your instructions for the weekend seminars must be edited to specify that no underwear is needed or desired. You will answer the door in a gorgeous embroidered tunic that reaches to the undercurve of your ass, inciting lust in the patient."

Moving us carefully toward the shallow end of the pool, I watched the water drop below the level of her mons. She had light brown hair, top and bottom, that did not obscure her lovely vaginal lips.

"Is this a fake? Just talk to get me going? I thought you said we weren't in a hurry tonight?

I closed with her and allowed my hard shaft to slide through the gap at the top of her thighs. Laura was a runner, and worked for the thighs with no fat that showcased her pussy. She had her back against the tile edge of the pool and was trying to stare me down.

"Close your eyes and imagine you are the patient. After the third session, you feel that progress is being made, but awfully slowly. As you rise to go, she says, "It is time for a weekend seminar. I want to move things along a bit faster. Here is an envelope with all the instructions you will need. I'm sure you will be able to alter your schedule to fit this in."

"You drive home, a bit confused, and pour a glass of wine to sit on the patio with. You open the envelope. One sheet is directions to a country estate west of the city. Another has numbered items. Stop prescription drugs unless they are absolutely necessary. Make sure that you have bathed and removed excess body hair everywhere. (This last word capitalized and underlined.) Bring a cocktail dress for evenings, and a sundress for daytime. No other clothes or any underwear will be necessary."

Laura's hand was between her legs, restraining my cock. "You are evil."

"Don't worry about that, answer me about what she thinks, reading those instructions?"

Laura's eyes blinked and narrowed as her pelvis flexed away from the wall. Her fingers held my sensitive, circumcised helmet, searching out her opening and positioning it for the move her hips made, thrusting forward sharply. 

"Aaahh!"

Pinned between the tile and cock, she felt the whole long length of shaft penetrate. I pushed her upper body away from me, pinching nipples as the slow slide finished with our pelvises in contact.

"Alex! You are so arrogant. I am not a rag doll!"

"Answer me, please."

"Damn you, she is all wet between her legs, and embarrassed even thinking of the evening dress with no briefs, no stockings, nothing to preserve her modesty!"

"That's been one of her problems, hasn't it? Using crazy thoughts of modesty to avoid the aches and tingles in her pussy when she notices men gazing at her."

I was marching us up the steps at the end of the pool. A marvelous expanse of green turf ran to the end of the yard, needing us to cavort on it. Quickly, she was down on her knees and refilled with me, clenching as I burrowed back and forth.

"Yes, I think every woman worries about being exposed like that. What might happen? What cock might emerge from a pair of trousers to take her?"

Not finishing, I drew us to our feet and hugged her tenderly. "So, you will do it? I will compromise. If it doesn't work this first time, I will abandon my demands. And offer special entertainment in your playroom."

Her hand came up with a gentle slap. "I was going to do it from the beginning, young pup. An inspired idea. I don't know who is going to be more aroused, the patient or me..."

"Are we going to finish... now?"

"No, I am feeling terribly abused. You must stay over and comfort me."

***

Ten days later, I was marching up the steps of the fancy country house that belonged to Laura's relatives, who were in Europe for the summer.

They were in the drawing room, with a nice view of lawn and gardens. Everything spoke of money.

"Oh, I am sorry to interrupt. I came directly from tennis when I got your text." I was genuinely sweaty, and wearing only my shorts and tennis sneakers. No underwear, per my own instructions.

"Alex, you are a sight. This is my friend, Amanda. We were just having a conversation..."

They were in facing chairs and now half turned to me. Amanda smiled and said, "Yes, a terrible sight indeed. Your aunt would be scandalized." Her eyes were very big, and widened further as the bulge in my shorts grew.

"You are right, this is not appropriate attire for the drawing room! Is the pool available?" I hitched my shorts such that the fat tip of my penis projected slightly from the hem of one leg.

"How did you get to be such a hulk? And that tan? The girls must be all over you."

I approached to five feet or so. I was sure they could smell my sweat. "Are you teasing, Laura? It isn't fair, with company here. Otherwise, I would see to your punishment."

Both of us noticed Amanda jerking in her chair and glancing down with fear. She said, "Oh dear."

With an edge in her voice, Laura said, "Alex, do something about that disgusting prick. You are causing Amanda distress!"

"No, please. It's all right, I just..."

"Did he make you gush on your beautiful dress? We can't have that. Stand up and let it drop. I will rinse the spot out."

The woman was frozen, completely frozen. I extended a hand and raised her body to its feet. My fingers undid the straps of the dress, and it fell to the carpet of its own weight.

She uttered a long "Ohhhh," and fell into my arms in a faint.

The body was trim and the tits were first class. I shifted the two of us to a nearby table that was convenient for her to rest her upper torso on. Laura approached, hands covered with lotion that transferred to the nice tits, and then between her legs. Just as Amanda was coming around, I asked in a soft voice, "Why is she here?"

"Somehow, she has gotten to age forty without ever having a complete sexual experience with a man. Her frigidity has ruined two engagements and she is thinking of suicide."

Amanda twitched under me. She had heard, but was still paralyzed because of the cock between her legs and the male body pressing her to the table.

"But that won't do. Won't do at all. She is very attractive, and I am all hot just holding her like this." My body nudged forward just a bit. Amanda shook.

"What is the treatment? Is that why I am here? You took me from my tennis for her?

"Don't be selfish. She needs TLC from a loving sensitive man, and you are just the person to provide it. Nancy can find another partner for the rest of the day. We will all have dinner together."

My cock was now sawing carefully back and forth as Amanda's head came up and she said, "TLC?"

There was another shudder under me as she noticed Laura was naked and standing very close to us.

"Laura, err, are we supposed..."

"Amanda, you just fainted for a moment at the sight of my horrible nephew's penis. We are going to be naked around the house so you get used to seeing male weapons."

"Naked?" She stretched out the word as though pained. My cock was now vigorously plowing between the sopping wet lips and rubbing over her clit.

"Yes, of course. We are all adults here. You are acquainted with the human body, I assume."

Lauraaa!" Her voice was an octave higher. I was enjoying the feel of a tight, unused cunt. A cunt so slippery from Laura's lotion and its own juice that I was having a wonderful time working inside. 

"Amanda," I whispered, "there is nothing wrong in here. You have a perfect cunt. Please keep moving against me. You are going to come soon, I am sure."

I wasn't sure of anything, but it seemed the best approach. Suggest that an orgasm is just a minute away. Just a totally delicious, exciting moment away. Tell her how much the big cock appreciated the attention she was giving it.

Damned if it wasn't happening. The moans and shudders increased and she cried out, "Oh, nooo."

Laura led the way to a very large shower that dumped gallons of water on three happy bodies. I carried Amanda, wrapped in a big fluffy towel, to the upstairs balcony, and spread the very pink body in the warm sun. Laura brought some ice tea that I suspected was spiked.

After several minutes of closed eyes and deep breathing, she looked at me and said, "Don't go away."

Laura and I leaned back together on the neighboring chaise, laughing quietly. I whispered, "I won."

She reached under her towel and pinched me. "You will suffer."

Amanda, in the most languid voice imaginable, said, "No one has ever taken the trouble to warm me up properly before."

Then added, "That whole charade was planned, wasn't it?"

Laura giggled, "Therapy, Amanda. Simply a therapeutic intervention."

Amanda turned toward us, showcasing the fine tits in the sun. "Alex, you and I are going to gang up on her. I can think of interventions..."

Laura excused herself to accomplish arrangements for the rest of our stay. I made myself comfortable on Amada's chaise, bringing her body into contact with mine from shoulder to knee. 

"Have another gulp of tea and tell me what happened to bring you to Laura."

For more than an hour, she talked continuously. I realized the tea was not only spiked, Laura had added one of her drugs that helped patients release internal stresses. Amanda had a chest full of issues. Divorced parents, a brother in trouble with the law over drugs, an older sister who always did better than Laura, no matter what the challenge. A first sexual encounter that was essentially rape.

A few minutes into the tale, her fingers found my limp penis and began stroking. It behaved normally and grew in her hand. She stopped talking to kiss me and ask, "Does my therapy include more of this?"

"Does it need to?"

The answer was a super hot french kiss, followed quickly by the hips rising and the squishy cunt enveloping me.

"Better. Much better. You know, it seems kind of stupid telling you about all my sex problems when you are chasing them away..."

With my firm hand on her behind keeping us tight, I whispered that maybe a nap before lunch would be nice. In the distant doorway, Laura was giving me thumbs up and jiggling her tits.

I wasn't planning a nap for myself, but woke with Amanda's tongue looking for mine. "Alex, you have to promise more therapy. A lot more." She sat up and smiled, laughing as she bounced and squeezed my reviving cock. Laura appeared with a lunch tray, and suggested a quick dip in the pool first. The all natural body wiggled as it went by.

Amanda's hand pulled me up for a clinch. "My therapist is a terrible showoff. Aren't you in charge of that pussy?"

My fingers dug deep into Amanda's fine ass. "I'll tell you a secret. She works like crazy for that body, then gets all anxious and comes to me for reassurance that it still attracts the male."

We walked together to the pool, my hands on her breasts with their still stiff nipples, and her hand stroking me to hardness again. "Alex, what about you? How do you stay so buff? So damned hot?"

"There is a secret, but first both of us are going to get it on with Laura. What about your inhibitions? Are they slipping away? Are you ready to stuff fingers in your devious therapist's pussy?"

She stopped us at the edge of the pool. Laura was doing fast laps a few feet away. "Don't forget that I am paying for all this. There are conditions. I am only going to tell them to you one at a time. The first one is that your cock has not done a complete job on my inhibitions. More attention is needed. Intimate attention. Do I make myself clear?"

Amanda had gone from tense and teary to smiling and horny. I raised her body high and launched it into the middle of the pool. She disappeared with a big splash and a scream. I followed with a bigger splash.

Ten minutes of water play had the three of us panting against the tile with my arms holding both close.

"Amanda, he likes to tease and muscle his women around. Now that your therapy seems to be working, we will have no peace."

The patient winked at me and pressed herself into Laura's fine tits. A moment later, there was a gasp as her pussy was invaded. I said, "Laura dear, your patient has discovered she is hot for your fantastic body. Do you charge extra for girl-girl therapy?" I maneuvered around so that my cock entered the place with fingers already in it. Laura shrieked, "No, damn you. Stop this instant!"

Amanda and I made a fine sandwich of the writhing therapist. I gestured with my eyes that we needed to move the party out of the pool. Complaining loudly, Laura nipped at my ear, "Behave."

For the second time in two weeks, I was driving Laura into the well manicured lawn. Amanda was applying lips and teeth here and there. Just as Laura shook with a fine orgasm, I remembered that Amanda had said additional intimate contact was needed, and I pulled her under me for a proper missionary fuck.

"Alex, you didn't ask!"

"Just following directions, Ma'am. You said you needed more intimate attention. I can feel your cunt squeezing me. This must be the attention you want. It's time to come, Amanda. Just let it all out. There is no one to hear us. I want that scream. NOW!"

It worked. The scream was long and loud. The body freeze was terrific. I rolled off and buried my head, shaking. After a long minute, I raised my head. They were three feet away, totally lost in each other, limbs intertwined, exchanging one syllable words.

Standing under the outdoor shower head, I watched them approach and join me in the hot cascade. I used soapy hands to wash all the important parts. No one said anything, just enjoying the glow of great sex.

Munching on a lunch sandwich, Laura said, "Amanda, I am sorry that got totally out of control. I just lost it completely." She looked across the table at me, "Are you responsible for two women doing that?"

I eased Amanda into my lap and responded, "That was the best morning of sex I have ever had. Do we get to do that again?" I tweaked Amanda's pink nipples and she stuffed her tongue in my ear.

"Alex dear, do I get a credit on my bill for the orgasms the therapist had?" She hugged me tightly.

Laura tried to look outraged but collapsed, laughing.