 Darleece was not her real name. It was not anyone's real name as far as she knew. But it seemed as good a name as any when walking the streets. Her outfit did not scream hooker! so much as subtly mentioned it. She wore tall black boots with spiked heels. They were soft cured leather, not the shiny tacky vinyl kind. Her aqua blue dress consisted of a short skirt that complimented her toned thighs, a low-cut v-neck that showed off her strong shoulders and plump cleavage, and long sleeves that hugged her slender arms. Her dark honey hair was pulled tight in a high ponytail. A black silk choker was banded around her neck. In her chic hand bag she carried everything she needed for her job: condoms and handcuffs. The condoms, of course, were the only thing she did not plan to use.

 Officer Angie Clayton looked every bit the object of desire she pretended to be. As one of the most attractive women on the police force and a savvy manipulator she excelled in the luring and apprehension of would-be customers. And after four years of undercover work she had her methods down to an art. Johns would solicit her from their cars. She would approach and flirt with them before getting in the passenger seat. They would negotiate a deal and she would have them drive to the hotel only a few blocks away. After checking in and going to their hotel room, the John would be surprised to find the room full of waiting cops. On a good night, Darleece could reel in ten to a dozen solicitors.

 As her heels clicked against the sidewalk, a brand new Lincoln Town car smoothly pulled up along side her. She stopped and turned to see the passenger side window being rolled down.

 "Excuse me, Miss? Could you help me out with some directions?" the driver said.

 She bent down and rested her elbows on the opened side window. "Are you sure that's all you want, sweetie?"

 She heard the man laugh nervously. It was too dark inside the car to see his face, but she could tell from his voice he was in his late twenties. 

 "I might need more than just directions?" he admitted.

 "Yeah?" she said with a bright smile and a wink. "I might be able to help you out, baby. Would you like me to help you out with your...mmmm...problem?"

 The man did not answer right way. She could barely make out him smiling excitedly and covering his mouth. "Um, yeah. If you got the time."

 She raised her chin, showing off her thick soft lips. "I got the time if you've got the money, honey."

 "I do have money," he said. 

 "Good," she replied playfully. She got in the car and the driver pulled back into traffic.

 "So, what are you in the mood for tonight, baby?"

 The man shrugged. "I...don't really know." He was indeed in his late twenties. His brown hair was somewhere between wavy and curly. His eyes were large and crystal blue. Olive skin and Mediterranean features suggested an Italian or Jewish heritage. He was tall, handsome, and wore a fine black business suit that matched his car. There were no rings on his fingers. But a gleaming gold watch clung to his wrist.

 "Not bad at all," the lady officer thought. "Too bad he's a law breaker."

 "So," she started. "Blowjobs are a hundred. Straight sex is a hundred and fifty. Half and Half is a hundred and seventy five."

 "What's half and half?" the man asked.

 "Must be his first time," she thought. "Half and Half is where I suck your dick and then we finish up with sex."

 "Oh," the man replied with a nod. "What...else do you do? Just curious."

 "Well, you can fuck my ass. But that alone is two hundred. I can do kinkier than that. It's all negotiable."

 The man nodded again. "I think I'll go with the half and half."

 She placed a hand on his thigh. "Good choice, baby. Do you know how to get to the Dayoff Inn from here?"

 "I do," he answered, turning his head to smile at her.

 Angie almost screamed in surprise. She could not believe it. Sitting next to her was David Beismeyer, her old crush from high school. There was no doubt about it. It was him. That hair, his voice, his mannerisms. It had been close to ten years since they graduated and she let him slip away. For four painful years she fawned over him and dreamed of being more than just casual acquaintances. But that was back when her face was a mass of blemishes and her weight was nearly twice what it was now. Since then her skin had cleared and her figure improved thanks to diet and exercise. In that moment she was that shy insecure teenager all over again. But then she remembered who she was now; a strong, disciplined, beautiful woman who did not take shit from anyone including herself.

 As she regarded him her head swam. "Oh my god! He hasn't changed . Well, not in a bad way. He's fuller, built more like a grown man than a young man." She then snapped out of her daze and realized that she was leading this man to get arrested. She saw the Dayoff Inn coming into view. She froze as he turned into the next lane to pull into the parking lot.

 "Wait!" she said suddenly, startling him.

 "What's wrong?" he asked, seeing that she was worried.

 Amanda had to think fast. "I...I don't think we should go in there. I hear there's been a lot of busts. Um... a few girls I know were caught and arrested there."

 "Okay," the man said with a sigh of wariness and mild disappointment. "Where should we go then? No offense, but I'd rather not do it in the car."

 "I should tell him the truth," she thought. "I should tell him I'm an undercover police officer and that I know him and that he shouldn't be doing this kind of thing because it's against the law and then I could just let him off with a warning." But to her own surprise she said "We can go to the Ambassador Hotel. It's not far."

 "It's a bit pricey, I hear," the man remarked.

 Somehow she kept a straight face and replied "I'll make it worth your while, baby."

 The handsome man smiled at her coolly. "Okay then. The Ambassador it is."

 Angie returned the smile before facing forward again. "Oh god. What am I getting myself into?" 



 Her pulse grew in speed and intensity as they pulled into the Ambassador parking lot. With each step they made toward the front entrance Darleece heard her heart boom between her ears. Outwardly, she was cool and collected. Inside, her emotions churned in anxious excitement, melting guilt, and dying reason. She studied the lobby absently as David Beismeyer paid the clerk and got the key card for the room.

 He turned to her a smiled, holding up the rectangular piece of plastic. "You ready?" he asked.

 Darleece nodded, and they made their way to the elevator. "Ready for what?" she thought. "I can't actually go through with this. It's already gone too far." The elevator door opened, and they both stepped in. As the ground beneath them pushed upward she could feel her earlobes burning and her face getting warm. No matter how calm she tried to be her blaring pulse would not shut up. "I need to just tell him. Now!" Just as she turned her head to address him he asked her a question.

 "Is it all right if I kiss you? Just a little, I mean." He looked more nervous than she secretly felt. "It's just that, I don't know. It's what I prefer. I heard that some, uh, girls don't do that." He let out an anxious laugh. "I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm trying to ask. I just don't want it to seem like work. Even though it is." He shrugged his blazer covered shoulders, looking lost, adorable, tall, vulnerable, perfect...

 Darleece found herself stepping closer and putting her arms around his narrow waist. She looked up at him, eyes wide and confident. "Just pretend I'm your easygoing friend with benefits. A fun-loving, carefree girl who just wants to fuck you, kiss you, have you all to herself. I want to be your fantasy. "Because you were always mine." I want you to enjoy me. "Because I'm going to enjoy you."

 The elevator opened with a DING. Neither one of them noticed. David could not help but smile at the woman pressed against him. Darleece felt his cock pressing back down the length of her belly. Her every apprehension and worry was obliterated by the need between her legs. "When did I get so wet?" she wondered as they briskly stepped off into the hallway. 

 So distracted by each other, they made several wrong turns down the winding halls of door. By the time they finally found their room they were laughing and pawing at each other shamelessly. David ran his key card through the electronic swiper and opened the door. Darleece grabbed his wrist and pulled him in with her. As they landed on the bed the door closed. 

 They became two writhing bodies connected at the mouth. David's tongue slithered and squirmed with hers. His lips were soft and strong as they moved with her own. His weight pinned her to the bed beneath them, and she ground her hips response. His hand went behind the small of her arched back as his other hand sent long, string fingers through her hair. 

 "Oh god...oh yeah..." she sighed between kisses. His mouth was like electric fire as it passed over her neck and under her ears. As she opened her eyes to see his pass his hands over her shirt-covered breasts and give them a kneading squeeze she almost came. "Oh David YES!" she wanted to say. She let him pull her shirt up and then her her strapless bra down, freeing her fleshy mounds. She watched with relish as his hungry eyes took in the sight of her swollen breasts and bullet-hard nipples. She pulled his head down, putting his mouth on one. He sucked it without hesitation, and her mind went blind with pleasure. She felt his hand go up her skirt and pull her panties aside. Magic fingers invaded her dripping pussy and sloshed around like two fish in a narrow glass of warm water. She felt the edge of his thumb run over her clit, back and forth, back and forth, until the orgasm went though her like a caged animal trying to claw its way out. She tried to hold it back, but it was too late. When it reached it's peak she started to cry out. Then she felt Davids mouth cover her own. She came hard as she kissed his him deeply, her partially-clothed body jerking uncontrollably as his fingers plunged deep into her. His fingers felt delicious, but she wanted more.

 She began to unbuckle his pants. "Give it to me," she demanded in a greedy whisper. "I want it. I want you."

 David began to nod until a thought suddenly interrupted his bliss. "Condom! We need a condom. Uuuuh...no offense but..."

 "No problem!" Darleece answered, smiling bright and sitting up. Her head turned as she scanned the room. "My purse! On the floor."

 "Got it," David returned, hopping of the bed. He picked up her black purse and unzipped it. As he looked inside his brow wrinkled in confusion. He pulled out a pair of her police hand cuffs. "What are these for?" he asked, somewhat concerned.

 "Shit!" she thought. "How do I explain? The jig is up. I have to tell him now."

 "Are these for other...uh...other customers?" he asked, dangling the cuffs from his thumb and forefinger. 

 "Oh god," Darleece thought with smug relief. "This is too perfect. How can I resist?" You want to try them on?" she asked. "Sit down in that chair by the desk."

 He glanced at the chair, then back at her. "I'm not so sure that's..."

 She cut him off. "Oh, come on, baby. I want to screw you, not screw you over. Now, get those clothes off, sit in the chair, and give me the hand cuffs." She used her cop voice to strengthen the command. 

 David thought about it for a moment as he plucked out a condom from her purse.

 "Better grab two, bucko," Darleece teased. "You're going to need them."

 David grinned, and began to undo the buttons of his shirt. Darleece's heart raced as she watched her old crush undress before her. His was not the lanky, teenager body she remembered, but a lean, taught and well muscled kind of physique she had grown to fantasize about. She stripped, as well, unashamed and in control. She watched his eager eyes trace over her bare skin and felt the power she had over him. 

 She got off the bed, naked, and gloating within. "Sit," she ordered.

 David sat.

 "Hand me the cuffs."

 He did. 

 She pulled the steel of the handcuffs over her bare breasts. "Now, let me see you put on that condom."

 His rigid cock was ridiculously long, and it stood up like a reaching snake. It stuck straight up and pressed itself against its owner's tight abs. His balls were smooth and rounded like a juicy peach. She stepped around his chair, resisting the urge to touch him. Once he got the condom on most of the length of his monster member she ordered "Hands behind your back."

 He complied and she latched the cuffs around his wrists. He was stuck, hers to enjoy. 

Stepping slowly around to the front, she placed her hands on his knees and pushed them apart. "Half and half, right?" she asked as she got on her knees.

 "Oh yeah," David answered with a shudder. 

 She rubbed her hands across the surface of his thighs. "Mmmkay." She reached for his cock with both hands, admiring its hardness. David let out a sighing gasp. Darleece smirked and gripped it firmly. "Sure thing, baby." She gave his head a slow lick and looked up at him. "But you don't get to fuck me until you fill this condom up." At once she forced his cock into her mouth and down her throat, wrapping her lips as closely to the base as she could manage. David cried out in sudden ecstasy. Darleece sucked hard and bobbed her head up and down, taking the thick member deeper and deeper until her nose almost touched his stomach. The heat of his dick emanated through the slick latex. Her tongue cradled the bottom of his twitching shaft with every slurping bob of her head. She had never enjoyed giving head so much. And no man before David ever inspired her to do it so well. David's breathing increased and his hips began to rise and fall. He looked down and watched his cock disappearing and reappearing from her plump red lips. She moaned and rubbed his balls as he fucked her wet mouth. When her eyes looked up to meet his own he felt his cum wanting to escape. Fighting and pulling against the handcuffs that held him in place, he cried out as her mouth constricted its suction. Darleece swallowed him whole as he came, feeling his thick urethra pump stream after hot stream of cum in to the end of the condom that was halfway down her throat. By time Darleece pulled his spent member out of her grinning mouth, her inner thighs were soaked with pussy juice that had dripped out of her. 

 David looked dizzy and dazed, with an adorable, dopey grin on his face. "You are amazing," he told her, catching his breath. "You really are. What's your name?"

 She considered the number of aliases she had used during her time as an undercover cop. Then she decided to tell him. "My name is Angie. Angie Clayton."

 His brow scrunched. "Angie Clayton? Why does that name sound familiar?"

 Angie tilted her head and rested her arms on his thighs. "Because we went to high school together, David Beismeyer." She delicately peeled his condom off and tossed it in the waste basket. 

 David's eyes nearly bugged out of his skull. "Angie Clayton from Mrs. Rumin's class?!"

 "Yep," she answered with a smug nod. "Small world, eh David? You seem to be doing well for yourself."

 He nodded absently, his face still a mask of shock. "I got a law degree. I'm on retainer for a pharmaceutical company. Angie, when did you become a hooker? You were always so smart and...I mean...no offense....I mean..."

 And that was when Angie cracked up with laughter. The face he was making was priceless. It was well over a minute before she could give him an answer. "I'm not a hooker, David. I'm a police officer. I only pretend to be a hooker to arrest and charge men for solicitation." She let him take a moment to let it sink in.

 "So...are going to arrest me or...? Angie what the hell is going on?"

 She laughed again and started to kiss his chest and stomach. "You haven't figured it out yet?" she said between kisses. "I want you, David Beismeyer. I've always wanted you. Since high school. And now I have you." She placed her mouth on his naked, flaccid cock and began to suck it again. She heard him moan and felt it harden once more. She looked up at him and sandwiched her breasts around his meat. "Do you still want to fuck me, David?" She slid her tits up and down. "Would you please fuck me the way I always wanted you to?" 

 He was rock hard again. He grinned darkly. "Take these handcuffs off of me and get that other condom...Officer." 

 She did not follow his instruction perfectly. First, she rolled on the new condom, slowly, an inch at a time. Then she undid the cuffs. As soon as David was free, he took her in his arms and kissed her. His tongue and hands would not stay still. He squeezed and rubbed her ass and hips, felt the slick wetness of her bloomed pussy, and sucked her nipples with frenzied delight. She felt the floor pull away from her feet as he tossed her on the bed. As the sheets and pillows caught her body David was already climbing her, pushing her legs apart, taking her. She felt the walls of her vulva expand and grip onto his invading manhood. A shuddering moan escaped her mouth. "Oh, David...It's so big!" He was not gentle with her, nor did he need to be. His thrusts were jolting stabs that shook her entire body. His withdrawls were torturously slow pulls that made her pussy cling onto his cock, begging it not to leave its grasp. He fucked her hard, slow, deep and completely. He kissed her neck, her mouth, her tits and her hair. He penetrated her with his eyes, his tongue and his cock. Then he turned her over and pulled her up to her knees by her hips. She eagerly reached underneath to guide his cock inside her once more. 

 "Oh. My. GOD!" Angie thought as she felt his cockhead pound into her cervix. It was so deep that she might have cried out in pain if not for the pleasure that overwhelmed and adapted the discomfort. It was a sweet and heaven and hot as hell. Pushing with her hands she met every one of his thrusts with a slapping bump of her shapely ass. They fucked like wild animals until their minds collapsed in an orgasm that momentarily opened up the secrets of the universe. 

 The next thing Angie knew, she was on her stomach with David on top of her. Both were breathing heavy, and David was placing delicate kisses on her back and shoulders. "So much for half and half'," he joked.

 Angie laughed. "So much for making an arrest tonight. My coworkers will wonder where I've been." She turned over and kissed him. "This was wonderful, David. I'm sorry I tricked you. I didn't plan for this to happen, but I'm glad it did."

 He smiled that darling smile of his. "Me too, Angie. And, say, since I can't legally pay you for this, could I at least buy you dinner some evening? You know, catch up on old times?"

 Angie beamed with satisfaction. "I'd love that."