 He greeted her with a smile, "Come on in."

"Thanks," Anne smiled back, "I'm a little late, but I made it".

John's wife and Anne were going to practice Pilates today in the livingroom for a few hours.

"You're actually early, way early." he replied.

She gave him a confused look, "Sharon told me to be here at 11am."

"Yeah, I guess she forgot to send you a text. She changed her mind until 2pm. She had to go to spin class today. Today is her big test to get her instructor certificate."

"Oh, good for her!" exclaimed Anne, "So I guess I am a bit early."

"Well, since I have a captive audience," he joked, "why don't I bore you by showing you the renovations I've done on the house since the last time you were here."

"I'd love to see what you've done!"

They walked up the stairs to the master bathroom. Anne followed in the path of his lightly scented cologne. He smelled good, like a man should smell. Her own husband smelled good too, but he wasn't very capable with his hands, not like a man is expected to be. His hands were more clean and feminine.

"Ta Da!" exclaimed John, stretching his hands out and pointing them toward the master bathroom door.

"Oh! It's beautiful!" she gasped, "A small master bath, but I like how you made it look bigger and made great use of light and space!"

The bathroom was, indeed, small. Nevertheless, John followed her inside so he could tell her all about the renovation.

As she bent over to inspect the ornate tiles on the shower floor, he could clearly make out the panty lines through the sheer lycra workout pants she wore.

Perhaps he was standing too close, or perhaps he was just lost in a moment of fantasy... Whatever it was, when Anne suddenly returned to an upright position, she bumped so hard into him that they both lost balance and almost fell forward into the shower.

Out of instinct, John grabbed her firmly around the waist with one hand and drew her forcefully into him, slamming her ass into his groin. He used the other hand to brace for the head-first fall into the shower wall tile.

There they were, both in the standing doggie-style position, still trying to recover from what could've been a painful fall. With his head resting sideways on her back, John's nose was buried in her waist length bright red ponytail. Inhaling deeply, it smelled good to him. So good, in fact, that he was suddenly aware of a certain rigid feeling between his legs.

The fall was done and over with, yet neither one of them moved for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, the awkward position made Anne reach a hand back around and reach onto John's buttocks in an attempt to stand upright again.

Now, men aren't exactly the brightest of critters, and John interpreted that grab differently. He slowly slid his hand up from her waist and slid it up to her bare belly until his fingers touched her workout bra. Surprised, she turned her head and looked at him. Ignoring her surprise, John lowered his face to hers, inhaling her breath and lightly brushing his lips against hers.

Both now standing, John slid the other hand up to her bra. He gently grabbed each boob and squeezed as he gave her a full-blown kiss. He couldn't believe he was actually doing this. He never thought of Anne in that way, but this urge for her was sudden and intense.

She was five foot six, about average build, and had creamy white skin. Her face and cleavage were covered in freckles. In workout clothes her body looked hard and hot. She was pretty, but those librarian-style glasses covering her sky blue eyes made her even more pretty. At this point in time John was up for anything - even adultery.

Anne couldn't believe this situation either. John was a good looking man, also in his late thirties. He had short brown hair, deep blue eyes, and a physique worthy of exploration. While it was John who kissed her, she didn't exactly try to fight it. It just happened and she was willing to go with it. His hands felt good on her breasts, with her hardening nipples providing that confirmation to him.

Without breaking their liplock, she slowly turned around and wrapped both arms around his neck, pulling him deeper into her.

John responded by grabbing her hips and pulling both of them crotch-to-crotch. Anne couldn't believe she was mere fabric away from the engorged manhood that pressed up against her. Her pussy was wet and on fire.

The kiss lasted minutes, with each tongue probing and exploring the other's mouth. They grabbed each other tightly as their breathing and heart rates increased to breeding levels.

Stopping for a moment, John released his kiss on her. He gazed into her beautiful sultry eyes and nodded toward the bed in the master bedroom.

"Come on," he spoke softly, "I want to get to know a little bit more about you. Actually, a lot more... And we have a few short hours."

A look of guilt and concern came over Anne's face, "We shouldn't." It was a half-hearted plea. "This will be adultery for both of us."

Adopting a lawyer role, John smiled and asked her, "What's considered adultery?"

"You know," she stammered. Pointing at his cock, "When you put that thing there into this thing here."

"OK," he smiled warmly, "We will both keep our underwear on. This thing here (pointing at his cock) will not go into that thing there (pointing at her crotch)."

.

Although she looked hesitant and unsure, he took her by the hand and led her over to the bed. Kneeling down he removed her lycra workout pants, exposing her panties. The panties were bright neon orange, with the exception of a dark orange wet spot in the front. Rising up he helped her out of her t-shirt. Also neon orange, her sports bra gripped her breasts tightly and her nipples fought with the fabric.

He leaned in for another kiss. Anne grabbed his bulge and lowered herself to her knees, unzipping his pants and revealing dark blue boxer briefs. She lightly pressed her face against his hairy belly and ran her nose up his chest while helping him out of his shirt. He was well built and had a hairy chest. She was always attracted to hairy chests. Somehow, they seemed to identify a man as a true man. Thinking of her own husband, she felt a little disappointed with his hairlessness.

They both laid down on the bed, rubbing their legs and bodies against each other in a furious kissing frenzy. Neither one could seem to get enough of the other.

With Anne on her back, John moved down to her feet. He kissed and licked her legs and inner thighs all the way up to her sweet spot. Her legs were smooth and warm. The feel of his lips and tongue against her skin made her arch her hips upward.

Spreading her legs wide, he kissed and licked her entire pubic region. She smelled hot. He pressed his face square on her growing wet spot and inhaled deeply. It was too bad that her panties had to stay on. He was dying to taste her.

Continuing up, he kissed her navel and farther north until he reached her bra. He lightly ran his nose over her breasts, smelling her woman-ness. Ever so gently he took each nipple between his teeth and lips and squeezed. It made her smile and wiggle.

His warm body pressing up against her relaxed and excited her at the same time. This was definitely a good idea. The thought of having another man so intimately close without committing full-blown adultery had set her mind at ease. Could she get away with doing this all the time?

As aroused as she was with John paying so much attention to her every detail, she was impatient to have her turn. Pulling him up for a kiss, her hand found his massive bulge and she squeezed it through his drawers. She rolled him onto his back, placing her head between his legs. She let down her pony tail so her red hair could fall all over his legs and belly.

Looking down, John couldn't believe just how eager she was. Her hair fell all around his groin and it was soft. All that fiery red hair covered him so well that he lost sight of his crotch. He could only feel what was happening.

Anne took turns nibbling through the fabric at the skin on the sides of his shaft while petting and stroking him. She would insert the covered head into her mouth and squeeze down and bite gently.

John was in agony. He wanted to take his underwear off so badly to feel her warm, moist mouth. He began flexing his kegel muscles, making his cock pull away from his body. In the process of doing that, his rod managed to lift his underwear clear off his body.

Anne was in silent awe. She couldn't believe how strong his cock was - that it could overcome the force of his waistband and rise at will. It made her wetter. She yearned to have that strong cock inside of her. To take her. To have John punish her pussy with it...

All that flexing though eventually made the head of his penis leap out from its confinement. Anne brushed her hair to the side, giving him a full view. Giving him a doe - eyed look, she licked her lips. Lowering her face she took his head into her mouth, gently sucking with a pumping action.

He was in extreme agony now. He wanted more. He kept flexing forcefully, hoping his prick would rip his drawers apart at the seams.

Eventually she remarked, "This isn't part of the plan is it? We'll just have to tuck this monster back inside..."

She used one hand to lift his underwear up from his body and her tongue to push his meat back inside. On the way out, she deeply inhaled his man scent while letting her tongue firmly lick up the underside of his shaft.

It was almost an unrecoverable moment for John. He almost lost his load right there. After being confined again though, he left a sizeable pre-cum stain, which soaked through his drawers. Again Anne looked up into his eyes, but this time she laid her tongue on the wet spot and licked it in a circular motion.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, "That's a nice little surprise."

Half delirious, he moved her into a sixty-nine position, with her on top of him. Her glorious wetness was now inches above his face. He slid both hands inside her panties and squeezed her firm ass while using his tongue to stimulate her clit. Her wet spot was now huge, covering almost the entire front, down underneath, and extending to her lower ass.

The feel of her ass, coupled with the thought of actually having his hands inside her panties, turned his cock into iron. Helping that situation out was Anne, who paid attention to him through biting, licking, and stroking.

The minutes passed by and their hunger for each other intensified. It started as a mild trembling in her legs, and then it turned violent. She exploded into a wild epileptic-like orgasm. It was so deep and hard that it made her squirt.

John couldn't believe it when her panties were unable to hold all that moisture. A stream of her cum flooded through the fabric. Grabbing her ass forcefully, he opened his mouth wide and pressed his face and tongue tightly into her to greedily accept it. She tasted good. Drops of her cum collected on her panties and he held his tongue out to lick them away from her sex box.

With the taste of her still lingering in his mouth, he got up and placed Anne on her back; legs spread and knees bent upward. In this position she looked so submissive, and so easily able to be taken.

He pressed his swollen member tightly against her dripping wet panties and began a slow grinding rhythm. He wanted so bad to just pull out his meat and penetrate her furiously, but he didn't. That would be adultery.

He increased the pressure and frequency of grinding while squeezing her boobs and kissing her passionately until he lost it and creamed all over himself in his underwear. He couldn't ever remember cumming that amount of volume. It felt like the spurts would never stop. Exhausted, he kissed her gently.

Needing more, Anne placed him on his back and positioned herself again between his legs. She rubbed his underwear up against his body with her fingers in a circular motion. Quickly, his goo saturated the fabric of his drawers, creating a slick sheen on the surface. Gripping the fabric between her lips she sucked hungrily to extract it. It took her a minute, but she was determined to reclaim the load that his underwear cheated her out of.

Moving up to him face to face, she kissed him. The clock was still ticking, but time just seemed to stop. Her mouth and tongue felt right on his. Her sweaty skin stuck to his and cemented them together into an inseparable bond. Their lust and fondness for each other kept them liplocked and loving each other in a timeless embrace.

She rose from the bed and gathered her clothes. John lay there, watching her sexy body. Smiling coyly, she pulled up her bra, revealing her breasts. Her areolas were bright pink and her hard nipples seemed to beg for more.

Reaching down she lowered her panties to expose a burning hot auburn bush. It glistened with her juices.

"I just wanted you to know what they look like," she said in a mesmerizing low tone, "so the next time you'll have a more vivid fantasy."

Lowering his drawers John gave her a peek at his subsiding rod, which was still quite large. She smiled, "Ummm... Maybe next time it WILL have to be adultery..."