 Role-playing is something my husband and I have done for years to introduce more excitement into our sex lives. We’ve tried a variety of ideas ranging from the French maid scenario to the car mechanic servicing more than my car! For a couple in our 40’s, I think we have fared better than most other couples, when it comes down to sex!

I’ve always been very receptive to Alan’s suggestions and we have had an incredible amount of fun acting out his fantasies. I honestly cannot think of a more erotic way to satisfy my husband’s lust!

His latest fantasy, however, proved to be quite different to all of the rest! We’d watched a documentary on “ladies of the night” and although there was a very seedy edge to it all, there was equally something hugely erotic about it. It was most probably the location that made the programme so appealing. Much of the filming took place around The Avenue des Champs-Elysees in Paris and involved very sophisticated, high-class hookers. The girls, all very sexy and attractive, were dressed almost exclusively in Gucci, Moschino, Prada and other such labels. They would sit outside the café bars, not far from The Arc de Triomphe, sipping expensive cocktails, attracting the attentions of the many businessmen who frequented that area of Paris. The documentary followed some of the girls during the course of an evening showing the initial contact with their customers, the exchange of cash, their walking together to various discrete back streets nearby and then, some time later, returning alone for their next cocktail! 

Alan had this idea that I could act out the role of a prostitute. He would watch me for a while and then approach me for business. Everyone around us would assume I was whoring, oblivious to the fact that he was my husband! I had to concede that the very thought of it all turned me on incredibly! For it to work and be truly erotic, I would need to be a French whore working in Paris! Before I had chance to change my mind he had the weekend booked!

We checked into a hotel a couple of weeks later close to La Place de la Concorde at one end of Avenue des Champs-Elysees. That afternoon, my husband took me up to one of Paris’s most exclusive department stores, Galleries Lafayette and treated me to some beautiful lingerie and a very sexy, short, black Gucci dress, laced up each side, revealing a strip of bare flesh from the thigh up to my bust. The dress was elegant but oh so sexy! The lingerie was perfect, a very stylish, gossamer lace bra and g-string together with suspenders and dark, seemed stockings. To compliment the outfit, he bought me a pair of high stilettos with ankle straps tying around my legs. As I stood in the store looking into the mirror, I could feel eyes on me from all round! I was ready to play!

That night, after dinner, we walked together part of the way up Avenue Champs-Elysees, agreeing to separate at Le Lido de Paris. As we walked into our fantasy we both could sense tremendous excitement. I then continued on my own to find a suitable café bar. I was now in character! My husband agreed to allow me some time to settle down and order a cocktail before pursuing me! 

I was aware already that I had many admirers as I walked slowly past the cafes and bistros. Men were watching me and the buzz that gave me was amazing! I finally came to Le Bistro Romain and made for a free table next to the footpath. I called the waiter, ordered a drink and began my business!

My legs were crossed and the Gucci dress had ridden just sufficiently up my thighs to show off my seemed stocking tops and my suspenders! I sipped my cocktail slowly, biding my time, apparently waiting for customers! I must have looked the part, judging by the numerous glances of interest I was receiving. As the time passed, the drink diluted any of my remaining inhibitions and I was beginning to feel incredibly dirty! The whole scenario was electric and it was starting to feel real! I felt like a true whore genuinely waiting for a punter!

It had been half an hour since Alan had left me and I knew that he would not be far away, probably even watching me from a distance! I ordered my second drink and cast my eyes up and down the Champs-Elysees. No sign of him yet! As I waited for him, I could see a French guy who had walked by earlier, walking back along the footpath. He was clearly a man with money, judging by his suit and general demeanour. Not bad looking at all, typically French, the Roman nose, the dark hair and an air of sophistication about him! In fact, he was gorgeous! 

I watched him approaching and automatically made a play for him! I crossed my legs, leaned forward slightly to reveal a little more of my cleavage and looked him straight in the eye, as I took a sip from my glass! And as I did, my mobile rang!

My husband’s familiar voice whispered into my ear.

“You want to fuck him, don’t you Marilyn?”

He was right. I did! “Oui!” I responded in character! My heart was pounding now, as the man drew nearer to my table.

“Then fuck him, you whore. That’s what you get paid for!” he went on. But that’s not what we had planned!

I still had no idea where Alan was, but he obviously could see me clearly! The very thought that my husband was telling me to fuck another man was running riot in my mind! I really did want to do it! And he knew!

The man was now standing at my table and all eyes on the terrace were on us. The whore and her punter! 

“C’est combine Madame?” came his deep, husky voice.

I knew from the programme that these high-class hookers were charging 200 Euro for full sex, so I pitched my fee at that level! He took hold of my hand and led me along the footpath towards L’Arc de Triomphe, turning right down Rue Balzac. He was clearly familiar with the back streets. Not a word was spoken as we turned finally into a small private yard behind a bank. I was already on a sexual high and I was now desperate for him to touch me! He handed me the 200 Euro and leaned me back against the wall. I knew that my husband would have followed us and would be watching his whore wife being used! 

The man leaned forward and began to kiss me. What a kiss! I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him towards me, feeling his growing bulge pressing hard into my tummy! He took hold of the hem of the dress and lifted it over my head, discarding it on the concrete yard, leaving me in my gossamer bra, g-string, suspenders and stockings. His face lit up as his eyes surveyed my body! He pulled the straps of bra down and pulled it down around my waist, exposing my tits! One hand began to massage them, as the other began rubbing the moist patch between my legs!

He then leaned down and started to suck and lick my protruding nipples as his hand worked wonders on my pussy! Never before had I felt so utterly dirty and used! I really was a whore! His fingers slipped inside the small gusset and slotted into my wet gash! I felt myself jolt as the pleasure rushed through my body. His fingers gathered pace and he worked them wonderfully in and out of my juiced hole, as he sucked frantically on my swollen tits! I wondered what Alan must have been making of his wife’s slutty behaviour!  

I reached for his zip and slipped my hand into his pants, pulling out his gorgeously hard shaft. He was big and so solid in the palm of my hand. I took a condom out of my handbag and rolled it expertly down my punter’s cock! Opening my legs wider, leaning back against the wall, I guided his cock towards my slit. It nudged against the swollen lips and then glided deep into my cunt! I screamed out so loud as he began fucking me, pushing me hard against the wall with each stroke! His hands were mauling my tits as he plunged his cock in and out of my cunt. He was panting, groaning, grunting as he fucked his whore! And as he did, I could barely hold myself back. My body shook as I climaxed and screamed, wanting more from my punter! As I reached that high, I felt him thrust his cock deeper and harder into me, filling his rubber with hot cum!

We collapsed against the wall in the shadows, both spent, both still firmly linked by his wonderful, hard cock! He pulled out and I dressed, job done! My punter composed himself and walked off into the distance, his whore 200 Euro better off! 

My mobile rang. “What’s it like being a whore?” came that familiar voice.

“Amazing!” I answered, counting my money. “Can I do it again?”

A short while later, I was back at Le Bistro Romain, waiting for my next punter! 

Marilyn69