 My phone buzzed against my leg as I drove down the interstate. I flipped it open and couldn't stop the flush from spreading across my cheeks as I saw who it was. "Hey," I answered.

"Busy?"

"No, go ahead."

"No, are you busy, can you spare a few hours this afternoon?"

"Oh, ummm, yeah, I think, let me re-arrange a few things, but I think I can swing it. Really? Today?"

"Yeah, today, whenever you can get here, give me a call."

"OK, let me make a few calls, and I'll let you know for sure." I hung up the phone and I could feel my blood start to pump faster through my veins. My hips seemed to move of their own accord, already anticipating, hoping, looking forward to the afternoon. And just from the brief conversation, I could feel the moisture already present on my panties. It would frustrate me, if I didn't enjoy how easily he could make me wet. I made a few calls, pushed up some appointments, pushed back another, and finagled my way through the next 30 minutes before I picked up my phone again, leaving the last customer I absolutely HAD to see today. 

"Well?" he answered, clearly impatient.

"Alright, I'm free for a few hours, where to?" Twenty minutes later, I walked into the room; every nerve ending in my body was alive, anticipating his touch. I dropped my keys and sunglasses on the desk, and crawled across the bed to block his view of the television. 

He looked up at me, and smiling, said, "Excuse me, I can't see the tv."

"Too damn bad," I said as I moved to straddle his hips, still fully clothed. My hips pushed forward against him, already ready and impatient to touch him. I took the remote from his hand and threw it to the end of the bed out of his reach, and leaned down to kiss him. His hands came up to grab my ass, pulling my pussy hard against his dick. Even with layers of clothes separating us, the touch was electrifying. I rubbed back and forth against him, making myself more impatient by the second. When I could take it no more, I climbed off of him to drop my skirt and thong. I threw them to the side of the bed, and my shirt and bra quickly followed. When I turned back to him, he had shed his clothes as well. 

"I decided I'm not going to tease you today," he said.

"Really? Why? Don't have the patience for it?"

"Mmm, something like that," he said as he reached for me again.

Climbing back astride his hips, I groaned in satisfaction as I felt skin contact skin. My wet pussy slid against his dick, and I groaned again. Reaching between us, I wrapped my fingers around his dick, taking a moment to enjoy the warmth, the strength, the thickness there, before I positioned him against my pussy. As I slid down, my legs were shaking from the satisfaction. Just as I had settled into a rhythm I liked, he moved me, taking control away from me, and setting his own tempo. My head dropped back and a sigh escaped my lips as I found he knew how to please my body better than I did. He pushed his hips forward, against mine so fast and so hard, roughly meeting my pussy with every thrust, that my body exploded into an equally violent orgasm. I reached down and dug my nails into his thighs as I held on to them for support. 

Before I could even catch my breath, he lifted me up and away from him. I groaned my disappointment, then stood up beside the bed and lifted me again against him. I wrapped one leg around his waist and rotated my hips against him. I felt so small, I felt good as he held me up against him. I don't remember the last time someone picked me up like that – being held against his body like that – not even able to touch the ground on tip toe, turned me on more than I imagined possible. I lost what little control I had, and wrapping my hands around his head, lacing my fingers into his hair, I pulled him to me, kissing him frantically, trying to show him with my mouth the urgency I felt to have him inside of me again. 

He dropped me to the floor, and turned me around so that I was bent over the back of the couch. He ran his hands over my ass, caressing lightly, then he knelt down and began an assault with his tongue that left me panting. He ran his tongue along one crease, then along the other, and back again. He began teasing my asshole until I was squirming so much he had to hold my hips still, then, when I thought I could take no more, he fucked my asshole with his tongue, moving just as fast as his dick had moments earlier. I bit my hand to keep from screaming.

He spun me around and kissed me again. I wrapped my hands around his dick, feeling the heat and the strength there. I looked up at him, and bit my lip, pleading with him to fuck me more. 

He turned me again, and pushed me down hard to the back of the couch, and thrust into me so quickly I came immediately. One orgasm turned into two as he slid into me, again and again. He leaned down to my ear, and whispered, "Do you want me to cum inside you?"

"Yes please," I managed.

He grabbed my hips again and with renewed energy and force, he pounded into me. He leaned over again so that I could hear him say, "You like being bent over the couch like this don't you. When I'm through with you, you'll be standing there letting it all run down your legs."

I reached behind me and grabbed onto his thighs to pull him harder into me as I felt the orgasm start to build within me. "That's it, come on, come on..." I heard him say, then I felt him cum deep inside of me. Just as my orgasm began to fade, he pulled out of me, and sat down on the bed. Just as he predicted, I remained draped across the couch, too exhausted to move, while the sticky wet cum began running down my legs. I gathered the energy to lift my head and smile at him, then I pushed myself up and staggered to the bed where I fell beside him.

He ran his fingers lightly along my side, knowing I'm ticklish only after I've cum, and my nerve endings are overly sensitive. I twist and turn and laughingly swat his hands away.

Hours later, he bent down to where I was sitting, leaning against the back of the couch, and lightly ran his tongue across my lips, and then walked out the door, leaving me wanting more, as usual, even as my body felt ravaged, used, and so thoroughly fucked. "Wow," I sighed as the door closed behind him.