 ~*Sorry this took so long, I've been uninspired, so if you want more you're going to have to give me some encouragement.*~

She began to rub it in to her skin, especially in to her nipples, each touch of the hot liquid against her sensitive nipples sent a jolt of heat to her clit and made her pussy muscles clinch, she needed him, now. 

She lay on the cold cement floor, basking in the joy she brought him. He looked at her in the dim room. She’s luminous, staring down at her while she lay looking as happy as a cat in a sunbeam. He realized in that second that she would not be a girl to say, “Okay my turn.” He looked at her in amazement thinking she seemed perfectly content giving him pleasure, not asking for any herself.

“I can feel you staring at me,” she said it perfectly calm, laying in front of him in her panties. Most women would be unnerved to have a man stare at their body, but she seemed not to care in the least.

An alert flared in his head and he realized if he weren’t careful he was going to fall hard for this girl. As he thought this she stretched on the floor and he watched her body. The stretch was so fluid, catlike. Her back extended and her breasts pushed forward she had moved her arms up over her head and the vivid image of her tied to his bed writhing as he brought her as much pleasure as she had given him brought his deflated cock back to half-mast with a twitch. 

She laughed softly and smiled up at him. “Mmmm... I’d loved to know what just ran through your head, Darlin’.”

He was hard and pulsing at the sound and darkly erotic suggestion in her voice. “Do you prefer show or tell?” he asked.

“Show,” she said. Before she had finished the word he was on his knees in front of her body and had her wrists in one hand.

No part of their bodies touched except where his hand on her wrists. He leaned in, his face over hers. “You’re the most magnificent woman I have ever met.” His voice whispered over her skin, gently, sending shivers through her aroused body. He leaned to whisper in her ear and their chests grazed on another her hard nipples brushing his skin bringing a soft growl from his lips and a twitch to his aching erection. The growl turned in to a low whisper. “You’ve teased me for too long,” he said, not sounding quite like himself. 

“So what are you going to do about it?” she said, breathily, almost a moan as she arched her chest forward teasing her sensitive nipples with his skin.

He groaned and tightened his grip on her wrist. She grinned up at him and laughed. “You didn’t think i was just going to lay her and take it. Did you?” she said wiggling her hips under him.

Lust flashed in his eyes and a surge of heat went through her body straight to her soaked pussy and throbbing clit. He saw her breasts start to heave with her shallow breaths and smiled a predator’s smile. He bent to nuzzle her neck, then planted a small kiss against her skin, he flicked his tongue against her smooth flesh and her breath caught, before she could react anymore he bit in to her tender porcelain neck.

When she felt his teeth the pain rolled through her and combined with her pleasure. All the teasing lead up to this, and exquisite crash, her hips bucked and she paused her back arched as the waves of pleasure ran through her. In that instant he dropped his hips and plunged in to her waiting pussy. Instantly her body swallowed him massaging him with her muscles he rested there enjoying the sensations through two more shattering climaxes using all his strength not to explode in to her then. 

Her voice came out after a few moments of panting, “How did you do that to me?” 

“I have no idea, but let’s see if I can do it again...” With that, he began long slow thrusts in to her and she shivered with each one, letting out small mewling whimpers that sent twitches to his cock already burried inside her hot wet pussy. When one of those twitches hit his cock while he was thrusting in to her and jolted her g-spot she moaned loudly and raked her nails down his back and he groaned and thrust harder. 

“Wait, darlin’” she heard him say and he stopped, deep inside her and looked down with an eyebrow raised. She grinned and used the surprise to free her hands and push him over while she rolled on top of him. Through this she kept him inside of her and then she slowly lifted up and brought him entirely out of her then plunged back down while twisted her hips. In such a sudden rush he came hard inside of her sending her over the brink again. 

“How the fuck did you do that?”

She just laughed, full and amazing, and it warmed his heart.