 This is the second part of this story, so to understand and enjoy it better - please read the beginning first. This is my first story, so please have patience while I work out the kinks of writing. I appreciate comments, feedback and votes, and I try to respond to all comments and feedback. Thanks and I hope you enjoy. - Jane

*

"Please have a seat, and Dr. Roberts will be with you shortly," the nurse said as she motioned towards the seating area in the spacious office.

"Thanks," Amanda replied making her way to the indicated area.

Dr. Jake Roberts had a corner office with a wonderful view of the city below. As Amanda walked through the office she noticed on her right and against one of the windows was a brown leather couch, two matching leather chairs and a small glass table set up as a seating area. Across the room on her left, was a desk with two chairs facing it and a huge bookcase with medical books and some of Jake's degrees displayed on it. Amanda couldn't read them from where she sat on the couch, but she guessed they were for his various specialties. There were also some pictures of him and Stacy on various vacations around the nation and at their lake house. In the pictures, Stacy was always so well put together, with her dark brown hair styled perfectly and her flowing dresses always swaying about her long tanned legs. Amanda looked down at her outfit. She was wearing a white button up blouse with a black pencil skirt that hugged her curves and black high heels. It was a relatively warm day in the winter, so she had gone without stockings. Amanda worked as a bank teller and was currently on her lunch break so she had left her suit jacket at the bank.

She was nervous about this visit. It had been three weeks since she was last here and that visit had definitely been different than she had anticipated. She couldn't believe she had let Jake touch her like that....again. Hell, she couldn't believe she had given him a blowjob, right there in the exam room! At least, while she was here she would just be getting her test results and wouldn't have to get undressed, which would lead to some more touching. But be honest, she thought, you want more touching and more than just touching. Before she had left the office last month, they had decided to wait to speak until the test results were back. She had gotten a call from one of the nurses yesterday that the results were in and Dr. Roberts wanted to speak with her, so now here she was.

A few minutes later, Jake opened the door and walked in. He had a file in his hand and she could see her name written across the label. He walked over to his desk and laying the file down he removed his lab coat. Underneath he was wearing a blue button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up his forearms and dark gray slacks. He laid his jacket on the back of the desk chair and walked around to sit down next to her. "Hi Mandy, I'm glad you could make it today," he said.

"Yeah, well, here I am so...let me have it," she said. He smiled and raised an eyebrow. "Oh, um...uh..I..I mean let me have the results," she stumbled.

"I know this was hard for you and I'm sure you've been anxious, so I'll end the suspense and let you know everything showed up fine," Jake told her.

Amanda let out the breath she hadn't been aware she was holding with a long sigh. "Oh, I'm so relieved," she said as she collapsed back against the couch.

Jake moved closer to her and put his arm on the back of the couch, leaning over her he said, "Mandy, I'm happy everything turned out OK for you, but I need to tell you something...I know your appointment last month didn't exactly go as either one of us planned; don't get me wrong I loved every minute of it, but it wasn't planned."

"Oh, Jake, I know," she replied as she reached up to touch his cheek.

"Wait, let me finish. I know we agreed to wait for the test results before we started something between us...or I guess, before for things went further between us... But during this past month..." he stopped speaking, as if he was worried how she would react to his next sentence.

"Go on, Jake. Tell me. I'm a big girl, I can take it," she said assuming he was changing his mind about them.

"Oh, Mandy. You don't know how perfect you are...but...During this past month, I've been going to counseling...marriage counseling with Stacy. We've decided to try to work things out," he finally said.

"I know," she whispered.

"You do?"

Still talking softly she replied, "Yeah, Stacy invited me to lunch yesterday. She apologized for not returning my calls or emails. She wanted to get something off of her chest and she started to tell me about your divorce and subsequent reconciliation. And she told me she had been having an affair with Ron since our weekend at your lake house."

"Oh." I didn't want you to ever know about Stacy and Ron, he thought. Stacy had told him who and when she had cheated on him with, when they had decided to try to work things out.

"Yeah, oh. I figured I didn't really have the right to be mad at her, considering we weren't innocent on that trip either, but I don't know if mine and Stacy's friendship can last through everything. You know?" she finished.

He was still leaning over her and so she slowly lifted up her chin so that their mouths were only inches apart when she replied, "I'm happy for you," and lifted her chin the rest of the way to softly kiss his lips. This kiss was soft and sweet. She released his lips and said quietly, "I was more than a little disappointed for myself, but I'm happy for you if this is what you want."

"I do...I don't want to regret not giving it my all and trying to make it work....Did you tell her about what happened between us?" he asked her as he stared into her eyes.

"Do you want me to?" she asked.

After a pause, he answered, "No. I don't want to come between your already strained friendship."

"And I don't want to come between your marriage," she said. They had been talking with their mouths just inches apart and their foreheads touching. His fingers of the arm on the back of the couch had started to play with the hair that was hanging around her shoulders. "But I don't know if I can be around you and not want to touch and kiss you," she continued.

Amanda lifted her mouth to his and lightly kissed him again. When he didn't pull away, she licked his lips with her tongue. He opened his mouth and met her tongue with his. Their kiss quickly became passionate and they battled with their mouths. Each one couldn't get enough of the other. Soon the fingers playing with her hair were now gripping and pulling her head in the direction he wanted her to go, moving her mouth to the best angle for his thrusting tongue. Jake's other hand left his side and started to caress her breasts through her shirt.

Amanda's hands were groping along the front of his chest feeling the muscles through the shirt he was wearing. As his mouth started kissing down her neck, she started pulling his shirt free of his pants. She slid her hands under his shirt and along his skin up his tight abs to his chest, tangling her fingers in the few hairs she found.

Still kissing her neck, Jake slowly started unbuttoning her dress shirt moving to kiss the exposed skin as he went. When he reached her lacy pink bra he moved the shirt aside so he could kiss her nipple through the fabric. He took the hard aching nipple into his mouth and softly suckled at her breast, his mouth pulling harder as Amanda moaned. He undid the front clasp of her bra and pulled the cups aside to expose her firm tits. Moving his head to latch onto the other nipple he removed his hand from her hair to start fondling her other breast.

"Jake, yes.....Oh, yes." Amanda was lost in pleasure.

"Mandy...if...we...do...this...it...can...only...be...this...once," Jake said punctuating each word with a kiss to her nipple. "If my marriage is going to work, I will have to be completely faithful.....But I have to be with you just once," he continued lifting his head to look deeply into her eyes.

"I understand. I really do....Jake, please don't stop," Amanda replied breathlessly.

Jake lowered his head back to her chest. When she felt Jake tug on her bare nipple she immediately moved her hands down his body and to his pants. She pulled on the button and released the zipper. Reaching inside under his boxers she grabbed his hard cock and pulled it out. It was one of the most beautiful she had ever seen. She had to taste it again.

Jake released Amanda's nipple with a pop when he felt her pushing on his shoulders. "What? What's wrong?" he asked breathlessly.

"Nothing, if this is the last time we'll be together, then I have to taste you again," Amanda replied as she continued to push on his shoulders until Jake was sitting back against the couch. Amanda sank to her knees between his legs in front of him. They struggled together to get his pants and boxers down around his ankles. Amanda ran her hands along his thighs until she was touching the crevice where his pelvis met his legs. She rubbed her thumbs along his balls while she leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on the angry red tip of his cock. With her lips just barely touching him, she wrapped her hands around his cock and squeezed. He was long enough that she could wrap both hands around him and still have the head exposed. Amanda rested her tongue against the tip and softly stroked just the sensitive underside of the head of his cock. She continued to hold him in her hands as she squeezed each individual finger one after another, like she was milking him. Jake was moaning and moving his hips trying to get her to take more of him in her mouth. Amanda moved her mouth from the tip of his dick to his slightly hairy balls, sucking them into her mouth and rolling them on her tongue one at a time.

"Oh, God, Mandy, yes," Jake moaned.

Amanda took her hands away from his cock and placed them on his thighs. Slowly she started kissing her way up to the tip, licking it like it was a melting popsicle. Jake's was so turned on his cock was now as big around as her wrist, his fist clenched at his sides and his eyes squeezed shut. As she made her way to the cockhead, Amanda licked all around her mouth to make sure it was nice and wet for him. She gave his small slit a kiss and then sank her mouth around his cock until he hit the back of her throat. Jake's hands came up and clutched at her hair as he moaned, "Oh, fuck Mandy." Amanda started bobbing her head up and down along his shaft taking a little more into her mouth on each down stroke. She relaxed her throat and soon her nose was nestled in his pubic hair and his cock was in her throat. She swallowed, milking him with her muscles. Slowly she lifted her head up a little and took a breath through her nose, then she went back down and she deep throated him again. She was getting so wet, she could feel her juices dripping along her thigh past her thong.

"Oh...fuck...Mandy...fuck....yes...yes," Jake moaned as he softly started to thrust his hips. He could feel every bit of Amanda's mouth, the sweet suction, the rhythmic movement of her throat as she swallowed and the vibrations of her moaning as she sucked him off. It was heaven, it was hell. It was perfect, it was torture. He continued to fuck her face, and after a few thrusts he was about to come in her mouth. Before he did, he decided he needed more from her than a quick, albeit fantastic, blowjob. With his fingers in her hair he pulled her mouth off of his cock. Grabbing her under the arms, he lifted her up and laid her back on the couch. "I want to eat you. I didn't get to last time, but I'm damn sure going to this time."

Jake moved so that he was between her thighs and slowly ran his hands along her tanned legs. His hands moved underneath her skirt which rode up over his forearms as his hands went up her inner thighs. When he reached her panties, he could feel the wetness soaking through. He pushed her skirt up to her waist, and when he leaned down to breathe in her scent he saw that she was wearing a thong. It was soaked, and he could see her pussy juices leaking out the side. Jake slowly started to run his tongue along the edge of her thong licking up her juice and tasting her while his fingers brushed across her covered lips. Snagging a finger under the fabric he moved it aside so that he could touch his tongue to one beautiful bare wet lip. Jake ran his tongue up one side and down the other, never touching her clit or her pussy hole. Up and down and up and down, driving Amanda crazy. Her arms were straining against the back of the couch and behind her head against the arm. Jake slid his fingers under the waistband of her panties and pulled them down and off her legs, tossing them aside. Jake immediately leaned back down to place his mouth on her bald pussy. Amanda tried to move her hips to get him to touch her clit, but Jake grabbed her waist to hold her still. He kept up the torment and soon Amanda was begging, "Please Jake, please...I need your tongue."

Jake didn't let her finish the sentence before he thrust his tongue into her pussy hole as deep as he could reach. He gathered her juice and brought his tongue back into his mouth and swallowed. If this is a one-time deal, I want to get a taste of everything, he thought. Still not touching her clit, Jake continued to manipulate her cunt with his tongue while his hands slid up her waist to capture both of her glorious breasts. Softly he grabbed a nipple with each forefinger and thumb. Jake started to slide his tongue up her pussy, and when he finally touched and latched onto her clit, he pinched both nipples. As he started to suck on her clit, Amanda was sent to an immediate orgasm grabbing fistfuls of his hair and pulling his face to her pussy.

"Oh, fuck...oh, fuck...oh, fuck," she chanted as she rode the wave of her release. When her muscles and fingers started to relax, she realized Jake was still eating her and was now lightly caressing her tits. He continued to lick up the flood of juices her body had created during her orgasm until she was clean. Jake started to kiss her stomach working his way up her exposed torso. He stopped to lick both nipples and slid his lips up along her collarbone to the curve of her neck. Amanda turned her face towards his to kiss him, and rubbing her tongue against his she was able to taste herself. Her passion was again rising and she lifted her hips to meet his. At the same time, Jake pressed his hips down and his cock touched her pussy lips. They both gasped at the pleasure. Slowly rotating his hips he moved his cock around her cunt, rubbing and spreading his pre-cum all around. His hands were on either side of her head, and he moved one down to grasp his cock. Once his cock was lined up with her pussy hole, he removed his hand and pressed his hip forward. With all her cum and his pre-cum he was able to slip right in. As he bottomed out, they both moaned. Amanda's pussy was like warm wet velvet, so tight Jake could feel each and every ridge of the sweet inner flesh. Amanda had never felt so full in her life.

"Fuck, Jake...yes, fuck me," Amanda said wrapping her arms around him.

With those words Jake started to pull his cock out, once he was almost all the way out he pushed back in. Jake increase his pace until he started to feel his balls tighten and the familiar tingle start to climb up his shaft. He slowed his thrusts and slowly sat back up on his knees. Jake grasped Amanda's shoulders and pulled her up with him. They moved until he was sitting on the couch and she was straddling him. He grabbed her tits and started fondling and playing with the nipples. "Ride me," he said.

So, she did. Thrusting her hips back and forth, she started rubbing her clit against the base of his shaft. Clutching his shoulders she started to come, "I'm coming, again...I'm coming. Oh, fuck, Jake," she sobbed.

Jake could feel her pussy muscles contracting and flexing around his cock. It was too much and he started to come with her. "Mandy, fuck... Me too....I'm coming," grasping her hips he started to shove her off of him. Amanda immediately sank to her knees before him and put her mouth around his cock catching the first spurt of his semen. She continued to milk him with her mouth until she had claimed all of his cum. When she was done, she rested her head on his thigh. He caress her hair, pulling it away from her face to look at her eyes. Amanda lifted her eyes to meet his, and he said, "That was amazing. Thank you."

"I enjoyed it, too," she replied. She stood up and pulled her skirt back down over her legs and sat onto the couch next to him. Jake leaned forward and pulled his pants back up, lifting his hips to get them on his ass. They both continued to put their clothing back together. Once they were dressed again, Jake leaned back on the couch and held Amanda's hand. Entwining their fingers, they both sat in silence for a few minutes.

"Don't you need to get back to your patients?" Amanda said.

"No, I don't have any more today," he replied.

"Well, I need to get back to work," she said with a smile as she stood up. "I don't get to choose my hours or how many people come see me." Amanda grabbed her purse and pulled out a compact mirror and started making sure her hair and make-up was presentable.

He laughed lightly. "I'm sure."

They stood awkwardly facing each other. Then simultaneously they reached out and held the other around the waist. They made eye contact and lightly kissed each other. They didn't know what to say. They wanted to continue to see each other, but knew to do so would only end the same way -- with passionate love making and broken promises. He wanted to work on his marriage; he loved Stacy, but was now realizing that he could fall in love with the woman in his arms as well -- if he hadn't already. He couldn't see her again anytime soon. He wouldn't be able to keep his hands to himself. Maybe one day, but not now and not soon. If she was going to stay friends with his wife, he needed to stay away from any functions where she would be.

"Mandy...I....I...," he stumbled. He didn't know how to say what he needed to say. How do you tell a woman that is friends with your wife that while the sex was great, you couldn't see her again romantically or sexually?

"Jake. Stop. I know. We already talked about this. I completely understand," Amanda said. She smiled slightly and continued, "Stacy is a lucky woman. I hope you both can work it out." With that Amanda left his arms, picked up her purse and headed towards the door.

Hands in his pocket to keep from reaching out for her again, Jake watched her go and kept his mouth shut. What was there to say? She had said it all.

Amanda opened the office door. With her hand on the handle and ready to walk through, Amanda turned back to looked at him over her shoulder.

"Jake."

"Yeah?"

"I hope you both can work it out, but if you can't...you know how to reach me."

He stared at her for a few seconds. "Yeah, I do."

And she left softly shutting the door behind her.