 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.



One of the most useful tips that I've learned in all of my years of traveling on business is to make friends with the desk clerk at the hotel as soon as you check in. These are the people who not only know and control the best rooms in the building, but also typically have the greatest amount of knowledge about everything local. You get on their good side, you could end up with a sweet room and directions to the restaurant or bar that the locals favor rather than the expensive tourist spots. Of course, the benefits vary by the size of the hotel and the size of the city. I experienced a great example of this when I elected to stay one night in Manheim, PA on my way through the area. It didn't hurt that the young lady working the desk when I checked in was not hard on the eyes, which always makes it a little easier to throw a little flirting in there, too.

She was cute, though on the plain side, and gave just a hint of cleavage with a few buttons undone, though the shirt was loose enough to make it hard to determine the size of her tits. I did note that she was not wearing a wedding ring so, as long as she seemed receptive, I gradually escalated my flirting. By the time we'd finished up the paperwork and I had my keycard, I was definitely feeling a good vibe and was glad that she knew where I'd be staying. One more thing occurred to me before I headed to my room.

"How is the pool here?" I asked, having noted that she told me how late it was open.

"It's on the small side," she confessed, "but I think it's nice. I'll sometimes go for a swim after I get off duty. It never seems to be very busy later in the evening."

"Maybe I'll see you down there then," I replied, glad that I'd packed my swimsuit.

I was pretty sure I'd be seeing her at the pool later that evening as long as I timed it right. As it turned out, I was only out there for ten or fifteen minutes when she came out the door wearing a very conservative one-piece swimsuit and carrying a towel and a bag. Her figure displayed nicely in the tight material and it turned out her tits were actually nicely large. She didn't seem surprised to find me there and it didn't take long before we were flirting again. I got to the point where I thought she'd be receptive to some physical contact but she was leery and finally confessed that she wasn't comfortable with openly fraternizing with a guest in full view.

"Would you like to come up to my room?" I asked.

"I thought you'd never ask," she replied with a smile.

She suggested that we not head up there together so, once we were dry, I went inside first and I was barely inside my room when she was hurrying down the hall from the opposite direction. She set down her bag, which I assumed contained the clothes I'd seen her wearing earlier, just inside the door and we were very quickly making out at the end of the bed. My hands went right to her round ass and she had to have felt my stiff cock as I pulled her against me. When I finally started to pull the straps of her swimsuit off her shoulders, she didn't offer any resistance. I stepped back to watch as her tits were revealed and felt her hand grip my cock through my own swimsuit.

Her areolas were large and pink with thick, hard nipples at the center, which I lowered my head to suck as her tits were freed. I continued to slide her swimsuit lower as I licked and sucked her nipples while she ran her fingers through my hair and moaned softly. As I got her swimsuit to her hips, I dropped to my knees and watched closely as her bush was slowly revealed. It was well groomed and dark brown and I could feel my cock trying to burst out of my swimsuit. I ran my hands over her bare ass to push her swimsuit below it, then helped it down her legs until she was able to step out of it. I sat back on my heels and just took in her naked figure before asking her to sit on the end of the bed.

She sat and spread her legs so I kissed my way down her inner thighs until I reached her bush, then ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the secretions that were accumulating there. She was leaning back while holding my head and moaning but ended up lying back on the bed so that, when I glanced up, I could see her arms squeezing her luscious tits together. I slurped up her juices for a bit before slipping a finger easily into her well-lubricated pussy and starting to lick and suck her clit. She started moaning louder while writhing on the bed as I pumped my finger in and out while licking and sucking her clit.

Her pussy was fairly snug and with the amount of nectar she was producing, it would certainly feel heavenly to slip my cock into it. The longer I ate her pussy, though, the juicier it continued to get. I was enjoying eating her pussy but, as time went on and it continued to get hotter and wetter, I was looking forward more and more to fucking her. She was humping her pussy toward my face and her moans were becoming louder and longer as she approached an orgasm. I tried to draw out her pleasure without teasing her and it seemed to be working. Suddenly her entire body started to shake as she started cumming and I was flooded with even more of her juices.

I continued to eat her through her long, intense orgasm, raising my head only once she'd gone completely still and let out a shaky breath. At that point, I slipped my fingers from her pussy and into my mouth as I straightened up. I stood up so I could look over her naked body and started to undo the drawstring on my swimsuit in anticipation of fucking her. She opened her eyes and saw what I was doing, so she sat up and took over. She was working my swimsuit over my hips moments later and my rigid tool sprung out into her face. As my swimsuit hit my ankles and I was kicking it away, she had taken my cock in her hand and was stroking it before wrapping her lips around it.

I moaned and ran my fingers through her light brown hair as her hot mouth engulfed my tool. I still wanted to fuck her hot pussy first and foremost, but I could not resist the pleasure of her blowing me for a couple of minutes. She definitely had some skill when it came to cocksucking, so I was certain that I'd be blowing a load down her throat at some point before I checked out. I finally forced myself to step back after a few minutes of her lips sliding up and down my shaft and asked her to move backward to the middle of the bed. I crawled up on my knees, my cock bobbing before me, as she lay back and spread her legs for me. I admired her body again before lowering myself over her and guiding my tool into her hot pussy.

We both moaned loudly as I eased my cock between her lips and slipped my full length into her. We started to make out as I started to slowly thrust in and out and she raised her hips up to meet each of my incoming thrusts. I could feel her hard nipples against my bare chest as our bodies moved together and knew that I had to get my hands on her tits a few more times. Her pussy, though, felt every bit as amazing as I'd expected and more. It was so hot and so slippery and snug enough to provide a high level of pleasure without making initially penetrating her difficult in the least. After following up a couple of minutes of her cocksucking by slipping into such a hot pussy, I knew I wouldn't be good for very long regardless of any tricks I might employ to extend my staying power. Since the night was young and she'd cum relatively quickly, too, I decided to just go with it and not try to prolong either of our pleasure. I was not, however, planning to fill her pussy with my cum.

I savored the feel of her pussy and the building pleasure of my orgasm as well as the feel of her smooth skin against mine. When I was pretty close to cumming, I reluctantly slipped out of her and moved up to straddle her ribs, placing my throbbing tool between her tits. She squeezed her tits around my tool and, as I gripped the headboard, I started to slide my cock between them. The soft, smooth flesh felt outstanding, even after her hot pussy and talented mouth, so my orgasm immediately began to build again. Her attention was fixed on my cockhead, but I was admiring her tits, areolas and nipples while appreciating the continued building pleasure. I briefly debated finishing in her mouth, but her tits felt so nice that I decided I would just plan to do that later.

I was starting to moan softly as my cock swelled even more with my approaching orgasm but she remained focused on watching my cock disappearing into and reappearing from her cleavage. When I finally started to cum and a rope of my jizz shot across her sternum, she had her tongue out immediately trying to catch it. I didn't end up shooting that far and instead left a pool of my seed on her chest. She released her tits once I was spent and started to clean up the mess I'd made by scooping it into her mouth. I lay beside her and watched while caressing her fleshy globes. She didn't get it all cleaned up but did an admirable job before turning her attention back to me and smiling.

"We should probably shower to get the rest of that off," I suggested, even though there wasn't much left to wash off. She agreed, however, and after a brief rest was ready to head for the bathroom. I watched as she got up off the bed so I could get a good look at her bare ass, then got up myself and followed her with my eyes locked on her cheeks. I could feel the blood wanting to return to my spent tool as she bent over to adjust the water temperature in the shower. Once she was satisfied and had the shower going, she turned to me and my eyes went from her ass to her succulent tits. I smiled, knowing how clean they'd be once I got done soaping them up, and she smiled back before stepping into the shower.

I followed her in and she had the little bottle of hotel-provided body wash ready to squeeze into my hands. Naturally, and as I'm sure she expected, I started out soaping up her tits. While I was focused on them, she took some body wash herself and started to soap up my cock, which surprisingly started to revive. We did both also have the chlorine from the pool all over us, so we used more of the body wash and the shampoo to clean ourselves completely, but we both were focused more on our respective favorite parts on the other person's body. By the time we were completely rinsed off, we were both more than fired up for another go.

As we toweled each other off outside of the shower, I decided that I didn't even want to wait until we made it back to the bed, so I turned her around and had her bend over. She rested her head on her arm on the countertop as I guided my tool back into her hot pussy again. I took her by the hips and pulled until my hips were pressed against her ass then started to slowly fuck her. Our moans echoed in the tiled room and I saw her slip her hand back between her legs to stroke her clit as I slid my cock slowly in and out of her. Once I had a good rhythm going, I reached forward to fondle her swinging breasts while looking at our reflection in the mirror. I could only see the top of her head and her back reflecting but I smirked at myself as I continued to hump against her ass.

As with before, the longer I fucked her, the hotter and wetter her pussy became. I wished I could have seen the view from below as she stroked her clit while my cock slid in and out of her pussy. Had I been able to, I probably also would have released her tits so I could see them swinging, too. As it was, though, I had no complaints about fondling her tits and feeling my cock penetrating her pussy rather than seeing either. As her moans got louder and her pussy continued to feel better and better, I straightened up so that I could fuck her harder and hopefully provide even more pleasure. Taking her by the hips again, I looked down as my hips tapped against her ass and caused it to jiggle slightly. I was glad I had cum once already because, otherwise, I'm sure I would have been on the verge again already myself.

When her body started to tremble and she gasped, I continued to fuck her while appreciating the increased lubrication as she came. I was still nowhere near ready to cum, but I could feel the initial stirrings of another orgasm thanks to her sweet pussy. When she'd apparently finished cumming, she pulled away from me as she stood up, my cock slipping from her pussy. She turned toward me and we kissed again as she stroked my slippery cock.

"I want to suck you off now," she said after she'd pulled her mouth away from mine.

"Why don't we go back to the bed and I'll eat you at the same time," I replied.

"Mmmm...that sounds good," she concurred.

We kissed again then I followed her from the bathroom, my gaze locked on her bare ass again. She had me lie in the middle of the bed then straddled my head as I looked up at her trim, brown bush, which was matted from all of the juices she was producing. As she bent forward and took my cock in her hand, I ran my hands over her cheeks while running my tongue up her slit. She moaned as I tasted her abundant nectar again then wrapped her lips around my tool and started to suck it. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed my throbbing tool and she started to expertly slide her lips up and down while pumping the base. I could feel my orgasm immediately beginning to build as a result of her oral skills. At that point, I wanted to make sure that she was feeling as much pleasure as I was, so I slipped finger into her dripping pussy and started pumping it slowly in and out while I licked and sucked her clit.

She moaned around my throbbing tool but continued to remain focused on skillfully sucking it while I relished her talents even as I tried to demonstrate some of my own. It appeared as though I was doing a passable job based on the sounds she was making, but she did seem more focused on cocksucking; I wasn't sure whether that was completely for my benefit or whether she was enjoying giving as much as I was enjoying receiving. Whatever the case, I was absolutely enjoying receiving and my orgasm was continuing to build with increasing levels of pleasure. It got to the point where I had to just let my head drop back and savor the experience of having her sucking my cock, though I did continue to slowly finger her pussy.

I couldn't have remained quiet if I'd wanted to as I got closer and closer to cumming and my cock continued to swell even more. Finally, I exploded into her mouth and she swallowed my load, continuing to suck me off until I was completely spent. When she let my cock fall from her mouth and rested her cheek against my thigh, I looked up at her pussy above me and went back to devouring it. She started moaning again, more loudly this time without my cock in her mouth, as I licked and sucked her clit while pumping my finger in and out of her pussy. With her focus now on her own pleasure, I could feel her pussy quickly becoming even more engorged as I continued to eat her. It didn't take long before she was right on the verge of cumming and her body started to tense up in anticipation. When she finally went over the edge, her entire body started to shake and I had a fresh flow of her juices to slurp up as she came.

Once she'd gone still and quiet again, I let my head drop back and slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth. She straightened up and moved around to lie beside me so I put my arm around her and we kissed again.

"Can you stay the night?" I asked.

"I wish I could," she replied, with disappointment in her eyes, "but it's a small town and if my car sits here all night, people are going to talk...starting with my coworkers."

"Got it," I said, "Can I call you next time I'm in town, then?"

"Absolutely," she responded, brightening visibly "and I think I'll be safe from idle chit-chat for another few hours, if you don't mind me sticking around that long."

"Well, let's just be sure that we make good use of that time," I suggested and we started to make out passionately again.