 The moment she heard the sound of the door locking Louisa's body sprung into action. Jack wouldn't be long getting his things and coming back. This would be their last few hours together and she wanted to do something that neither of them would forget.

She hopped over to her bag and almost ripped the zip open. Standing there in her underwear she desperately dug for some of the clothes that she knew were in the bottom of the bag. Louisa lifted it out in piles and dumped it onto the top of the dresser until she found what she was looking for. She had already laid out items that she'd been intending to put on after showering. But the ones she'd been looking for weren't just everyday underwear. They were more... delicate.

When she'd gone to her friend's wedding Louisa had made sure she'd taken a couple of sets of better underwear. Although she'd gone to the wedding with every intention of looking good; it was never her intention for anyone to see her in the underwear and nothing else. Louisa felt they just looked much better under her good dresses and she always made sure she had a couple of sets of something a little bit more special. Even if she only needed one it was still better to keep her options open.

There was a full set of black and a full set of white staring her in the face. With the draw of a breath she decided to go for the black ones. The set was packed all together in a little zip top bag so when she'd found one part of it she had all of it. The cellophane packet crackled in Louisa's hand as she threw it like a Frisbee over to the bed.

After quickly packing the spilled clothes back into her bag she bounded back over to the bed and with a sense of desperation tore open the clear plastic bag. Louisa yanked out the suspender belt and unclipped the hooks. With lightning fast hands she wrapped it around the slimmest part of her waist and clipped the hooks back together again. She straightened it out before pushing it down onto her hips.

Delicate floral-like shape were sown into the sheer black material. It's patterns became as clear as day when struck by the perfect light. The deep waist cinchier came so high up on her belly so that her belly button merely peeked over the top of the beautifully embroidered trim. The belt was also made with a thick with material that was padded to make it more comfortable to wear. Skirting around it's whole lower edge was a see-through lace trim. The delicate gossamer-like material it was silky and smooth.

Next she grabbed the packet with the brand new stockings in them. Feeling the needed to put some effort into it tearing open the bag Louisa braced herself. As she ripped into it the pack opened more easily than she expected and they accidentally slipped out onto the bed. Louisa unfurled both of them and delicately draped one over the bed as she prepared to put on the other one.

Taking the lacy tops in between the thumbs of both hands she used her fingers hank them up until she could clutch the gap for the heel. Putting her left foot onto the bed she put it her toes in first. She pulled it tight to her toes and hooked it over her heel like putting on a sock. Louisa then pulled it all the way up her soft clean legs with a back and forth motion until she felt the soft silicone rim against the inside of her thigh. When she got it to the top Louisa straightened it out before hooking on the front clip to hold it up.

She grabbed the other stocking and did the same thing with her other leg. When Louisa stood up clear of the bed she yanked up the backs of both stockings to straighten them before twisting her body from one side and then the another to hook on the rear straps. They stretched around the sides of her hips before cupping under bum.

Looking up she glared through the wall as if I had X-ray vision. Louisa could only imagine how well Jack was getting on with what little packing up he had to do. But she didn't have time to worry. She had to get the rest of the outfit on before he came back.

Louisa grabbed the silky black panties and stepped into them before pulling them up. She made sure she didn't get her fingers hooked in the delicate straps of the belt. The panties were smaller than the ones that what she normally wore but they was still substantial than some non-existent G-string.

Finally there was the bra. It had been ages since Louisa had worn it and she'd almost forgotten how much it lifted her breasts.

It took a few deep breaths for her to compose herself as she wondered what to do next. Louisa had to almost take a bow to look at herself in the mirror of the dressing table. She would have to redo her makeup after the shower before Jack got back and if she had enough time she'd find her shoes as well.

The first thing Jack had done was lay out clean clothes on the bed. Before getting fully dressed he'd begun to pack up every he had laying around. Jack had been living out of his cases so there wasn't much to tidy anyway. He hadn't seen the point of unpacking for just a two nights stay. As hurriedly as he could he stuffed everything back into his suitcases. Neither of them had been packed to the brim so it didn't matter that they were a mess because everything still fitted in. 

It was only once he'd got everything packed away that he finally put on his favourite jeans and best black shirt. He left the top two buttons undone as his skin was still a little clammy after the shower. Perhaps the shirt was overkill; but he didn't want to put on the same kind of thing that he'd been wearing last night. Jack wanted to impress Louisa as much as he could in their last few hours together. He was trying to come up with some kind of a plan to see her again but nothing seemed realistic. He'd have to find a way. They'd find a way. 

Before tying on his shoes he threaded his belt through the loops of his best jeans. The very last thing he'd done was pick up the can of deodorant he'd got last Christmas. Jack had kept it out because he couldn't decide whether to use it or not. In the end he didn't bother because he'd just shower anyway. Besides, the smell of the deodorant wasn't all that great. Jack simply packed it into the side pocket of his small bag. 

He took one last look around the room. The bed was still perfect since he hadn't even slept in it last night. Everything was perfect as well. Untouched really. Jack wondered for a moment if he should mess up the bed to pretend it had been slept in; but decide not to. 

Wasting no more time he grabbed both his suitcases. Letting the door lock behind him for the last time he crossed the corridor to Louisa's room. Jack knocked on the door and waited a moment. 

She hadn't shouted out to acknowledge him and he was about to knock again when the door clicked. Jack pushed it open to see only the glimpse of her silhouette disappearing back into the room. Louisa still hadn't said a word. With a suitcase in either hand he carefully pushed the door open with his shoulder and placed his bags just inside. 

As Jack walked into the room he began to speak, "Are you oka..." Upon seeing what she was wearing he stopped only a single letter away from finishing his question. enhanced

Jack could see the nervousness in her face. He could even see the slight tremble of her chest as she exhaled a shaky deep breath. Jack looked at the expressions on her face for a moment before fully examining what she was wearing. Despite having explored each other's bodies; what she was now wear accentuated every curve of her body to the Nth degree.

The black bra lifted her ample breasts so that they now stuck almost straight out while at the same time still looking natural. Louisa's breasts didn't hang down anyway but they now looked like they had cost her a million dollars and that her cleavage when down into infinity. Jack knew that her breasts were all her; and that she had been gifted with a body that would make people envious.

Looking further down her body he looked at the suspender belt which sat atop her voluptuous hips. Her soft pot belly poked over the top of it as if teasing him. His eyes followed down the laces that held up the sheer stockings. Their dark tops sat so cleanly against her shapely thighs that it was if they were airbrushed onto her skin.

Louisa angled her legs a little one way, and then another with the simple working of her hips to show off her legs. With a different pair of heels on than what she'd been wearing when they met, her legs now looked longer than ever. Like the rest of her outfit they were black, they had about a three inch heel and at least an inch and a half of platform under her soles. A strap almost as wide as he belt strapped them to her ankles and gave her a classy look 

"Holy shit," Jack's breath came.

Louisa gave him a little twirl then gave him a nervous smile. Her ankles gave a little wobble as she tried to keep her balance on the carpeted floor.

Jack's heart was now beating in such a way that it was making him feel sick. But he was sick with excitement and it made him feel good at the same time.

"Oh my god." Jack's words were still barely audible.

Louisa's smile became more natural again as she realised that she was in control of this situation. Jack's reaction was one that was one of total shock and this was what she had been trying to evoke. He was so captivated he was paralysed.

Jack looked up at her face again. With the exception of her lipstick which was a luscious rich pink; her style was similar to when they'd met. She'd redefined her eyes so that the dark lines almost made the blue of her eyes glow.

"Did you think that these only existed in magazines or from pictures on the internet." Her words weren't really phrased as a question as she wasn't expecting to get a reply.

"Where did you...?" Jack's words failed him.

"They were in my bag," she answered softly.

"Why..."

"Like I said," she began, "they're real. They're made to be worn. And taken off."

Louisa paraded towards him, flicking out her heels a little as she walked. Even with almost another 5 inches under her feet she was still shorter than Jack. But at least she could get closer to him to kiss him more easily. The kiss she gifted him with was of such tenderness it was somewhere in between the touch of a feather and a mere breath of wind. Louisa withdrew and moved to the other side to kiss the other side of his face. She had been so careful that their bodies didn't touch anywhere else but the kiss.

"Do you like this." Once again she didn't really inflect a question within here voice as she didn't expect an answer.

Jack swallowed. "This is...wow." 

Louisa took a step back and looked at him. His jeans clung tightly to his legs and she could see the beginnings of his cock firming. The shirt smartened up his appearance; perhaps making him look a little more mature.

She once again approached him and kissed his face. This time a little firmer and a little closer to his lips. Louisa detected a twitch from him as he almost moved to meet her lips with his. But she teased him and drew herself away again. He looked at her unsure as to what was happening... but her smile said everything.

Stepping well back from him she circled around to his back and when she moved in she pushed him towards the bed. His feet stumbled but his legs kept his balance. With the smallest of steps kept moving back till his legs hit the foot of the bed. Jack managed to stay on his feet; and for now that's what Louisa wanted. 

Holding their bodies close, Louisa slipped a hand inside the open collar of his shirt. As she massaged the top of his chest and followed the hard lines of his collar bones. Louisa was careful not to rip the buttons of his shirt but as she withdrew her hand she accidentally popped one of the buttons that opened his shirt a little more.

Louisa was aware that he was now beginning to look at her body. She was so close to him that the only thing that he could do was look at the tops of her full breasts. She arched her back a little to lift them even more. When Jack's hand lifted then she once again stepped out of reach. Louisa was going to tease him again to savour the moment. The tease was not only for his benefit but it was making her feel wild inside. She had to keep command over her own passions so when the moment came for release it would be like the breaking of a dam.

Looking at him she could see the progression of his erection. It hardened and throbbed with the beating of his heart. She yearned to touch it again and to feel it inside of her. But it would have to grow much more before she was ready to release him. Louisa had met men who were ruled by their cock but Jack's heart was what drove him. It was his heart empowered his cock both figuratively and literally.

Standing back from him Louisa began to sway her body. The sway turned slowly into a wriggle and the wriggle turned into a writhe. Louisa considered herself an okay dancer but this wasn't exactly the dancing she was used to. She never considered herself to be old but being with Jack made her feel young again. She was doing things and feeling things that she thought she's gotten out of her system. It was almost as if she was his age again and that everything had the excitement of the first time. There was nothing that she was feeling that she wanted to get rid of.

Without speaking a word Jack slowly sat down onto the bed and watched as Louisa continued to dance for him. She played with her golden hair as she danced. Even though it was mostly loose there were some tiny bits that were still matted together after they'd shared their shower.

She teased Jack by coming closer to him and then stepping away when she was almost within grasp. She flicked out her heels playfully as she turned and her movements were becoming ever more exuberant. But then after having approached him again, one of her turns was a little too enthusiastic and she lost her balance. Louisa stumbled right into his arms just as she'd done last night.

After making sure she wasn't going to topple over, Jack wrapped his arms around her and held her close. Louisa didn't try to struggle away from him. There was no need to. She let him take control for a few moment.

Jack stared at her stomach as if examining it. He manipulated her body and twisted her from one side to another before stopping her when she was dead straight to him. Louisa could feel his hands on her skin and pressing against the clincher of the suspender belt. The belt was so firm that when his fingers padded against it that it sounded like the first raindrops of a shower hitting an umbrella. When his hands touched her skin it began stir feelings from inside of her.

Jack's hands were warm to the touch. Soft, smooth and fresh from their shower. He started on her soft belly and rubbed his hands all the way around to her back. Warm sensations ran up her spine as he ran his fingers up the small of her back until he met the hook of her bra. He almost pulled her off balance by accidents and made her fall towards him. But he was holding her so close that there was nowhere to fall.

His hands worked their way back around her till he grasped her hips again. Holding her in position he began to kiss her soft belly. Jack's fascination with that part of her body would never cease. 

Louisa tried to pull away. Not out of discomfort but to be able to look at him again. She felt Jack's fingers hooking inside of the top of her belt and keeping her close. While he continued to kiss the mound of her pot belly she began to play with and fondle his hair. His short hair also had small matted clusters in it and she worked them loose with her delicate fingers.

Gradually his grip on Louisa relaxed and she could move again. But instead of stepping away she stood face on to him. Jack's eyes followed her hands as they moved towards his belt and began to pluck it from the buckle. She braced the belt with the palm of one hand and pulled the belt clear of the pin with the other. As soon as she'd loosened the belt she then undid the button and eased the zip downwards. 

Louisa pushed him firmly onto the bed so he was laying on his back. She climbed on top of him and pushed her hands underneath his shirt. Jack hadn't expecting her to be so forceful as this was much more than mere confidence. 

As her hands worked all the way up his body the shirt began to tighten with both her arms inside as well. Her hands clawed up his body and he could feel her sharp nails scratching against his skin. The feeling never got to the point that it caused pain but the feeling was exciting. She reached up as far as she could but the straining of Jack's shirt stopped her from getting all the way up to the top of his chest.

Louisa slowly withdrew her arms; dragging all of her nails all the way down his firm body. When she reached the bottom she made eye contact with him before beginning to unbutton his shirt from the bottom.

After staring at her luscious blue eyes for those precious moments that she'd been looking back; Jack once again became captivated by her breasts. Though the bra had already lifted them, the tops of her arms pushed her breasts even closer together. As she popped open each of his buttons her breasts gave a small jiggle. Because of how close they were to his face the tiny motions were exaggerated and became hypnotic. Jack wanted to reach out and touch them but he felt that Louisa would only push his hands away.

When she release the final two buttons Louisa flapped open the shirt to expose his body. She looked at the trails made on his skin by her fingernails as she pulled the shirt down over his shoulders. With the shirt underneath him it pinned his arms to his sides the more she pulled on it.

Louisa flicked as much of her hair behind her head before diving down onto Jack's restricted body and began to cover him with kisses. Starting high on his chest she began to work down over him. Jack could still feel her nails scratching at his stomach again as she continued to kiss his chest. She began to work ever closer to his nipples. Kissing his neat areolas before then latching onto his nipple with her lips. 

Her kisses were gentle at first but soon she began to suck on them as well. These sensations were new to Jack and he began to wriggle around. Louisa continued to work on his hardening nipples but was careful not to push the sensations too much further. She moved to the other nipple and did the same.

Jack's shoulders relaxed a little again as he became more comfortable with the sensations. Even though they were still sensitive; for most men nipples weren't really erogenous in the same way they were for women. Jack then began to wriggle his hips again. Louisa knew from his motions that it was his cock that was now becoming uncomfortable and not her attention to his nipples.

He was grateful for her unzipping his jeans but that space wasn't enough for his cock now. Growing by the second it was almost completely hard. His foreskin sticking to the tip of his cock in a slightly uncomfortable position and his boxers complicating things even further.

Louisa then began to slide her body down his. Her satin smooth bra felt cool against Jack's skin as it hadn't had time to warm up to the same temperature as the rest of her skin. At the foot of the bed she went down on her knees and began to untie his laces. Within a few moments his shoes and socks were both off. 

With his shirt around his shoulders, Jack was trying to remove his jeans and boxer with limited success. When Louisa reached up to his hips he felt her hands so close to his groin. The feeling sent surges of electricity though his body. This didn't go unnoticed by Louisa and she smiled mischievously.

Taking a firm hold of both his jeans and boxers she began to pull down on them. Jack arched his back to take the weight off his hips and give her the space to do it. His cock had got caught in the waistband of his boxers and as she continued to pull on them his cock eventually escaped and flicked back with a bounce. By now the moist tip of his cock was flush with blood and was roasting hot. It slapped against his belly and stuck to it.
