 Carly's eyes popped open when she heard her doorbell ring. "Oh shit," she said. "I gotta get the door!"

She knew she was expecting a package in the mail that she would have to sign for, but she didn't get much rest last night and her sleepy eyelids got the best of her. She jumped out of bed and ran down the steps, shouting at the front door, "One moment please! I'll be right there!"

As she hit the main floor, her bare feet touched the cold wood beneath her. It was then that she realized that she was still naked. Sleeping with clothes on was just too cumbersome for Carly. She liked the freedom of being naked while she slept. This way she never got overheated and if she got cold, she could always wrap herself up in the covers. And hell, if she got horny in the middle of the night, she could play with herself and get right back to sleep. It was just convenient.

With her clothes upstairs and the delivery person hopefully still waiting for her, she decided the grab her trench coat from the downstairs coat closet since it would only take her a second or two to put it on. It might look a bit awkward, but what did she care about that. She just had to open the door, sign for her package, and close the door. If she wasn't completely covered up, it wouldn't matter. 

She turned off the security alarm and reached for the door. She swung it open wide with one arm while holding her trench coat closed with the other.

"Thank you so much for wait-" she stopped when she saw the man who was outside her front door. He was the sexiest delivery guy she had ever laid eyes on. His muscles rippled through his thin blue shirt, his smiling face warmed her heart, and he had a bulge in his pants that she had a tough time looking away from. "Thank you for waiting," she repeated, losing track of her thoughts.

"You're welcome. I'm trying to improve my customer service skills. I know people are busy, and sometimes you can't always drop whatever you're doing and answer the door. Waiting a few more seconds isn't a problem."

"That's so nice of you. Is there a survey or something that I can fill out so I can tell your boss about the good work you're doing?" she asked.

She watched as he felt his pants pockets. "Damn. I forgot the feedback forms. I think I might have some in the truck. I can go get them, but first, this package is pretty heavy. I can bring it in for you, if you'd like."

Carly nearly jumped out of her skin thinking about this sexy hunk in her house. 

"Sure, that would be wonderful," she uttered, suddenly feeling a bit flush, but moving out of the way so he could come in.

He picked up the package and entered her house. Walking past the kitchen, he looked around and put the package down on the floor, near the corner of the living room. He turned around and looked back at her. "There you go."

Carly was still standing by the door, mesmerized by his chivalry and overabundance of muscles. "Yes. Oh! I'm so rude," she said. "Can I get you something?" Before he could answer, she closed the door, sprinted into the kitchen, and opened the refrigerator searching for something she could offer this young man who was so courteous to her.

As she turned around with the filtered water pitcher in her hand, he was right behind her, not even an inch away.

"Yes, you can get me something," he said, as his hands slithered under her trench coat, fondling her hips and ass. His hands were a bit rough, probably from handling so many boxes and packages, but they felt good on her soft skin. "When you opened the door, I could see you, despite your lackluster effort to cover up."

"I know. You caught me off guard."

"I'm so glad," he said, as he moved his hands up to her shoulders, helping her coat off. Once it fell to the floor, she was completely naked. "This is an unexpected and beautiful surprise," he said.

She smiled and then frowned. "Don't you have a delivery route to get back to?"

"That can wait," he said caressing her breasts and playing with her nipples. "Besides, I can't go outside right now," he looked down and motioned toward his pants.

Carly's excitement was building fast from the stimulation, but she looked down too and the bulge she had seen in his pants was now double the size it was before when she took a peek. "I think I can help you with that." She smiled wantonly.

He kissed her on the mouth and she kissed him back. Carly hadn't been with anyone in a while so after kissing him for a minute or two, she was out of breath. 

"Are you OK?" he asked.

"Yes, I'm fine. It's just been a while," she replied.

"Mmmmm," he moaned. He lifted her up onto the counter and placed all of her nakedness onto the cool marble. 

"Ooooh!" She jumped when her hot skin touched the cold counter, but then adjusted. 

He smiled and then got down on his knees. As he did so, he spread her legs apart and used his tongue to tease her clit. She jumped again. He grinned at her as if that was the exact response he was hoping for. He ran his tongue down her right inner thigh and Carly was in ecstasy.

Still on his knees, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closer to the edge of the counter. Once she was in place, he moved his head forward. She watched as he slid his tongue into her pussy. 

It was then when she started to get lightheaded. She moaned and began to close her legs around the delivery guy's head, but he kept them open wide. With her completely vulnerable, he buried his head into her and darted his tongue in and out and then in circles. It felt so good. Her body began to tighten up with each lap of his tongue. 

After about five minutes, he stopped, grabbed her, and laid her down on the cold tile floor of the kitchen.

"Don't stop, please," she moaned.

"I have no intention of stopping." In that same moment, he looked around the room.

"What are you looking for?" she asked.

"Something slippery."

Carly pointed to the corner of the kitchen where she kept her liquor, wines, and oils.

"Perfect," he said, standing up to grab the cooking oil.

Back in place on the floor, he flipped her over so that her boobs were pressed against the floor. Seconds after, she felt his hot hands rubbing the oil on her backside and she held her breath, knowing what was to come.

He lifted her torso in the air and spread her open so he would have easy access to her. Then she felt him push into her backside, and couldn't help but let out a loud moan. It hurt because he was so big, but it also felt so good as he slowly pulled out a bit and then pushed himself back in.

"You're so tight," he whispered.

"I know. Keep going," she muttered as best she could.

Carly had a tough time controlling herself and let out more moans. All she could think about was this man making her feel so good. Nothing else existed right now, except for the two of them, fucking with passion.

Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, he reached around and used two fingers to play with her clit. She could feel just how wet she was as his fingers kept penetrating and rubbing her most sensitive area.

"Do you like me inside of you?"

"Yes!" Carly moaned.

He pumped her faster and faster and his fingers followed suit. Soon, Carly couldn't take it and her body tightened up. The tickle in her pussy finally exploded when she heard him moan and felt a warmth in her backside. As her waterfall began, she felt her clit and vagina vibrating. The sensation felt amazing, like a drug coursing through her veins. She slumped to the floor, and then turned around to see the sweaty, sexy beast behind her.

He was smiling. He leaned over, kissed her lips, and began to put his delivery uniform back on. "Let me get that feedback form for you, miss." He ran out of her house and came back with the form. "Here you go," he said. "I'll be back tomorrow to pick it up. If that's OK with you, of course."

"Sure," Carly said. "I'll be here."