 Having forgotten to set my alarm, I was late for work. To make matters worse, traffic was bad and I needed to stop at the petrol station to fill up my car. It was going to be one of those days. There was a long queue at the petrol station and I had to wait quite a long time for my turn. Finally I was on my way!

I rushed into the building and caught the lift just as the door was about to close. It was packed but at the next floor, half the people left and I heaved a sigh of relief. 

I hate crowded lifts and I was going right to the top floor. However my relief was short lived as there was another surge on the next floor. 

I was pushed to the back and was feeling quite annoyed when I thought I could feel a hand on my hips. It was quite insistent and seemed to be working its way to my waist under my jacket. It was too crowded for me to turn around or move away and short of making a scene, there wasn't much I could do. 

By now the hand was caressing my back and to my surprise, I was quite enjoying it! Especially when I felt it pushing under my jacket and touching my right breast, one finger brushing my nipple. 

It was like an electric shock and my nipple immediately hardened. I turned slightly to the right so that my whole breast was cupped in his hand which was squeezing it and pinching my nipple. My sheer silk blouse and unpadded bra was no barrier and I was well and truly turned on by now. 

I pushed myself against his body and felt his hard bulge in the small of my back. The lift reached my floor and I managed to push my way out of it. 

I felt rather than see that there was someone behind me as I walked down the corridor. It was still early and there was no one about, all the offices were quiet. 

He reached out his hand and stopped me as we passed the door to the visitors' room. I opened the door and felt his hands on the small of my back gently pushing me inside. 

The blinds were closed and it was dark in the room. He was close behind me as I walked over to the leather sofa in the middle of the room. I understood that I was not to turn around.

I felt breathless and excited as I felt his body against me, his hands roaming under my jacket, cupping my breasts and squeezing them, fingers pinching the nipples. 

I moaned and arched my back as he bent down to kiss the back of my neck, his hands pulling my blouse out of the skirt waistband. The touch of his hands on my bare skin made me gasp, especially when he undid my bra and squeezed my bare breasts and nipples. 

I reached behind me and touched his hard bulge, rubbing its rigid length and heard his sharp intake of breath. I found the zip and pulled it down and reached inside to find he wasn't wearing any underwear. His thick, hard cock was already oozing pre cum as my fingers stroked it. 

The urgency was mutual as he pushed my skirt up to my waist and bent me over the back of the leather sofa, parting my legs wide. 

I almost screamed as his hand touched my throbbing pussy, my panties already soaking wet. His fingers rubbed it up and down, circling my sensitive clit before he slipped them inside. 

I felt him pull the panties to the side and his hard cock rubbed my pussy over and over again until I felt I couldn't bear it any longer ... I wanted him inside me, pushing into my hot, wet, tightness, filling me up, over and over again. 

At last he did just that! We both gasped as his cock slid into me, all the way to the hilt, before he pulled back, only to push it all the way in, again and again, his hands holding my hips as I pushed back into him, his balls slapping against me. 

It was hard and fast and it wasn't long before we both came, he pulling out and spilling his cum on my bare cheeks. With trembling legs, I collapsed onto the back of the sofa. He wiped my cheeks, pulled my panties into place and pushed down my skirt.  

I heard the door close behind him. I managed to make myself look presentable again and legs still trembling, left the room. The corridor was empty and there was no sign of him. I wasn't sure whether I was disappointed or glad.