 This is the follow up to 'Unexpected encounter.' Firstly I'd like to thank 'IamRay23' who has been a massive help to me and my writing. Although the style may still not suit everyone's taste, he has helped me make this story much better flowing than the original version. The 3rd and final part of this story is a few weeks away but it is coming.

*****

Slowly I began to stir from my sleep. The crisp sheet made a scrunching sound as my body begun to move. My senses began to come back to me and I became aware of the uncomfortable shape in which my body was laying. I was positioned face down with my collar bone pressed again against the bulky pillows. This posture wasn't uncommon for me, but the thick pillows felt like they were almost wrapping themselves around face. My arms were packed tightly underneath the pillows, I slowly begun to tug on them until they emerged. 

I pushed my arms underneath my body to prop myself up, I felt the coldness of my forearms squeezing my breasts together. I took several breaths which got progressively deeper and deeper. My senses continued to return and as I dragged my legs up towards my body, it was only then that I became aware the warmth beside me. My foot brushed up against Jack's leg as he continued to sleep. His deep breaths caused a sound like a gentle snore, but the sound was more a comfort than an annoyance, like the purring of a sleeping cat.

Cautiously I began to separate our bodies, being careful not to disturb him from his slumber. The soft light of the early morning crept through the windows and showed his outline, the thick sheets pulled so snugly over his shoulders so that only his hair poked above it. 

Working my body to the far edge of the king size bed, I looked back over my shoulder at Jack. I found it so calming just listening to him breathe in such a slow and steady rhythm. What we had done last night was only sinking in now. Despite having had to come to yet another one of these product shows; having been at my friend's wedding had put me in an emotionally good place. Over the course of the night, three different men, all of them strangers, had asked to dance. And even though the dance was as far as it went, it still made me feel good inside. 

It had been a few years since my divorce. Even though I had dated back and forth since then, it had felt like such a long time since I'd shared such intimacy. But before last night I never thought I could ever share that intimacy with a man less than half my age. And as I looked over to his form laying next to me, that's how I saw him... a man, not a boy.

Though Jack was a handsome young man, it was his personality and confidence that had attracted me to him. His confidence allowed him to use his sense of humour to great effect, and at the same time his youth gave him a sense of innocence that excited me. I was able tell as soon as I met him that he was a lot younger than me, but I wouldn't have guessed that he was only nineteen. Or as he reminded me last night, he was nearer twenty now than anything. His confidence in the way he spoke, and even the pitch of his voice added a few years to him. Although so youthful, the strength of his facial features did give the appearance of a man. He was in no way a rugged looking man, that's something he would never be even as he aged. Describing him as beautiful would be just as apt as calling him handsome.

When I'd admitted that I was forty three, he'd barely reacted. Jack wasn't repulsed by it, but neither did he get off on the idea. If either had been the case then that would have been a deal breaker for me. But my age didn't matter to him either way, and perhaps that was the biggest turn on of all. When he looked at me, he wanted me. And when I looked back at him, I wanted the same. Age was a number, and numbers didn't matter.

Jack was charming and warm and patient, the tone of his voice carried his confidence and a respect for others. I'd treated him with respect since we stuck up the conversation in the hotel reception, I don't feel like I'd ever unintentionally spoken to him as if he were a child. Whatever parts of me he liked, it was enough for us to be able to do what we did.

We'd made love, on the spur of the moment, our instincts and desires led us to it and guided our every step. I was as responsible for last night as he was, perhaps more so. When I'd been married, it had eventually come to feel like a chore to make love, or something that we were expected to do out of routine. But this experience was made it feel like it was my first time again. My heart began to flutter inside my chest as I ran through it all in my head, and it felt so good. 

This wasn't just a dream. It was better than any dream could ever be.

Jack's form began to move, he rolled towards the centre of the bed, towards me. My eyes were beginning to adjust to the dark, now that his face had emerged from beneath the sheets I could begin to distinguish some of the features on his face. I watched him for a few moments to see if he'd awake but he continued to slumber. 

Cautiously I slipped my legs over the side of the bed. I kept my eyes on Jack the whole time as I worked myself further over the edge, until my feet touched the carpet. The springs of the bed creaked as I transferred my weight from the bed to my feet. I had managed not to wake him; but then again I had no idea how heavy a sleeper he was.

The sensation of the soft carpet under my feet felt so pleasant, it was almost warm to my bare soles. I took care of my feet anyway, but I'd given them particular attention before the wedding so I could show them off in my new shoes. 

As delicately as I could, I tiptoed to the end of the bed to find the pile of clothes left over from last night. There still wasn't enough light to tell what I was grabbing so I had to discern my clothes from his by touch alone. My hands scrambled around softly, the feeling of the carpet on my fingertips sent tingling sensations all the way up to my shoulders.

I could feel a slight tightness in my back as I had only begun to limber up. As my breasts hung down in front of me, my arms pushed them back and forth with a gentle sway as I continued to grovel for my clothes. When I came across something that I thought didn't belong to me I just tossed it a hands distance to the side, just in case something of mine was buried underneath.

After finding everything that I thought belonged to me, I stood up and gave one more glance to Jack before walking towards the bathroom door. I dropped my clothes gently to the floor outside the door; being deft enough to snag my panties in between my fingers. Finding the difference in the material by touch alone I made sure they were the right way out and the right way round before trying to put them on. 

As I stepped into them I stumbled a little and in trying to keep my balance landed my foot with a surprisingly heavy 'thud.' Luckily the carpet helped mask my jarring footstep. Pulling my panties up my legs till they met my body, I peered around the edge of the wall again to check on Jack. I adjusted the waistband by running my thumbs around my body, trying not to let the elastic snap back against my skin and make any more unnecessary sound. Knowing that he was okay, I picked up the rest of my clothes and cautiously opened the bathroom door, it made the slightest of noises but not nearly as much as I feared.

In stark contrast to the carpet, the tiles on the bathroom floor were cold to the touch, the chill went all the way from my feet and right up to my spine. My body felt like giving a shiver as it excited my body, even the coldness of the tiles was stimulating. The small surge of adrenaline counteracted the cold, in an instant it soothed the tightness in my back and helped me relax. I placed my clothes down next to the sink before using both hands to close the door as gently as I'd opened it. I didn't fully close it as to spare the sound of the lock clicking into place.

I waved my hand in front of the sensor that was supposed to turn on the lights... nothing happened. With a second wave of my hand the lights began to flicker on. The large mirror was the width of almost the whole bathroom worktop.

The first thing I did was look at my makeup, angling my face one way and then another. My makeup hadn't been heavily applied so the smudging was very minimal, I still felt I would still pass as human. I took a small step backwards, almost pushing myself away from the sink with my hands, I brushed the skin just below my shoulder to rub away the tingling sensation. For an unusually long moment I looked at the reflection of my body in the mirror. I touched my skin and rubbed my hands over it as if to check that it was my own. Finally I felt the need to cup my breasts and even give them both a little squeeze.

As I looked at my body again, something felt different. I'd never felt old because I had always been active. But as I saw my reflection, I felt myself standing straighter, taller. Even my breasts seemed lifted somehow. Although I knew I couldn't actually be different... I felt different. It was as if last night I'd been bathed in the fountain of youth.

After a moment I snapped myself out of the feeling of mild euphoria and reached out for my bra, untangling it from the rest of my clothes. With a motion that was by now as instinctive as breathing, I lassoed the bra around my body, catching it in exactly the right place. I linked the hooked together and straightened it out a little before spinning it around my body, pulling a little more than one eighty then tugging it back just a touch. Even such a small movement made it sit better on my skin, it was only in moment like this where my sense of self was so enhanced that I even thought about it. I snapped myself back out of my momentary daze and back to the task at hand. Swiftly I threaded my arms through the loops and lifted the cups to fit over my breasts. Finally pulling and lifting my breasts into the right shape to make them comfortable.

I briefly looked at myself in the mirror again before turning on the tap, I ran it for a few moments to cool it. It was just enough time to grab the small drinking glass from it's holder. With a quick flick of my wrist, I splashed some water into the glass and took a small sip to wash out my mouth. After spitting it delicately down the plughole, I rinsed and spit for a second time before turning off the tap with it's characteristic 'squeak.'

When I turned my head I found Jack standing there in the doorway. He'd managed to open it in complete silence, or maybe in the moment of my distraction. Jack leaned his torso around the edge of the door, he kept his groin out of sight. Somehow I wasn't shocked or startled by his sudden appearance, there was a familiarity with him that put me at such ease. It was as if we had known each other for a lifetime.

As I looked at his firm young body, it looked even better than it had last night, more defined, more confident, and stronger. But I knew that could only be inside my own head, like the feelings I was having about my own body. I smiled at him, and he smiled back with a hint of nervousness.

'Was last night real...?' Jack asked rhetorically.

'I asked myself the same thing when I woke up,' I replied.

'Any regrets?' he then asked softly after a pause.

I shook my head. 'No,' my voice replied just as softly. I looked at him for a moment, trying to see if he would give his own answer without having to be prompted.

'My only regret is having to leave,' Jack told her. The side of this mouth tweaked to the side as if trying to make a wry smile, one that wasn't coming naturally.

I got from the tone of his voice that he meant 'leaving' as him meaning that we both had to go home later on today. This wasn't sneaking out of a shameful one night stand. 

'You were right,' I told him.

'About what?' he asked in a curiously tone after another small pause.

I swallowed, 'that the bigger regret would have been to walk away from this, what we've experienced... with each other.'

Jack smiled, as if he'd forgotten that he was one who had given me the courage to do something that that so many people would frown on us for. But people didn't know what either of us felt inside for one another.

I couldn't help but walk over to him, I touched his face where only the merest hint of stubble had appeared through the night. His eyes had dropped to the floor and his chin became closer to his chest. There was a sadness in him, but it was not any form of shame or regret. The sadness he was experiencing made his whole posture drop six inches. But it allowed me to cup his face and with a tiny stretch onto my toes, I kissed him so softly on his cheek.

Leaning back to observe his reaction, the smile that had helped me fall for him began to return, and he regained those six inches in height. Inadvertently in placing myself close to him our bodies had begun to touch once again, even the tips of our toes brushed against each other's. 

My own act of tenderness provoked a response in him, he reached out with his hand and softly took mine before pulling it a little closer to his body. It was such a small gesture, one that so few people seemed to appreciate in modern relationships. For both of us however, it had such a deep emotional meaning.

With my hand being so close to him, when he released his gentle grasp, I only had to reach a little further behind his back to pull myself closer to him. This time our bodies pressed fully against each other, I placed my head against his chest. Jack's lifted one of his strong arms around my shoulder and grasped me a little closer still. Gentle and strong at the same time, it was not always an easy balance to strike. I had never felt so wanted as I did right now. Not even when I'd been married and still thought of myself as happy.

As if in a ballroom dance we moved as one. Together we glided with such ease back into the bedroom to give ourselves more space. With our arms around each other we stood at the end of the bed and swayed together, we took comfort in feeling our bodies pressing skin to skin.

'So when do you have to leave?' my voice was slightly muffled with my head still pressed against his chest.

'Later tonight,' Jack answered solemnly.

'This afternoon,' I told him my own unfortunate plans.

We stood in an almost silent moment. The only thing we could hear was the gentle hum of the traffic from the streets outside.

'I'd really like your number,' he said softly, 'I really want to...talk to you again.'

I smiled, 'You already have my number,' I joked.

'I didn't mean...oh,' his brain was taking a moment to fully waken up.

I placed a hand on his chest and padded it to reassure him after making fun of him. As innocent as it was I didn't want him to misunderstand my jest.

'What should we do now?' he asked.

'What do you want to do?' I asked back.

'I just want to stay here. With you.'

My arms squeezed him closer to me.

Jack pressed his mouth to the top of my head, even though I could feel his lips on my scalp, he didn't purse them into a kiss. His slightly moist lips to my skin was enough for now. It was just another way of showing that he wanted to be close to me.

'We still have most of the morning to spend together,' I reminded him.

'I want that,' he replied.

It felt right to kiss him softly on his firm shoulder, he kissed me back on my temple. I always considered lips to lips to be passion, and lips to skin to be compassion. Both were important.

'Maybe I should shower first,' Jack's voice still spoke softly.

'It's all yours,' I smiled. 

Just before he moved away he leaned his head down to me and offered a briefest kiss. Our lips met silently... then parted again.

As he walked away, my hand brushed against his toned stomach, he had to feel my nails dragging against him. They made a gentle scratching sound as they scraped across his skin. It made him smile, like being tickled. Jack walked back to the bathroom, his feet 'thumping' softly to the carpet. I watched his naked body walking away, his bottom was just as toned as the rest of him, neither muscular nor plump. Just normal, with a plus.

I began to look around the room to find where my bags were, I stepped over to the small dresser stand and turned on the desk lamp. Along with the with every increasing light sneaking through the window and now the lamp as well, I could now see enough to get by. Reaching down to my bag I remembered that the rest of the clothes I'd been wearing last night were still in the bathroom next to the sink.

'Wait,' I said before hurriedly walking around to the bathroom. I only realised after I'd spoken that my voice had been so soft that Jack couldn't possibly have heard me. But when I turned the corner and reached the bathroom door I found Jack already standing there presenting my clothes to me with an outstretched hand.

I stopped suddenly when I realised I was moving too fast, I looked up at him and smiled, my eyes gave a slow blink to acknowledge that he'd known I'd come back for them. When I'd looked at him I noticed he'd been staring at my breasts that had bounced as I'd jogged the few steps, his eyes soon came up to meet mine. I didn't mind that I'd caught him looking at my body, but with the look of my eyes I made it clear that I'd seen him doing it.

As I took my clothes back I gave yet another small kiss. Surreptitiously I pushed my body closer to him, I felt his cock press against the top of my hip. Just as I'd wanted. 

The skin of his cock stuck to me, it was the warmest part of his body. His cock felt burning hot, and a little sweaty. Not that that mattered though, the sensation of it felt so erotic. When he smiled back at me, he showed me that he knew what I'd been up to and I blushed a little. We teased each other with these small moments, but that was what made things so fun. 

When he had smiled back he hadn't blushed, I put this down to confidence rather than anything else. He wasn't distancing himself from what was happening between us, he had been just as receptive of what was going on. And to his credit it had been his words which had stopped me from making what would have felt like the biggest mistake of my life. To simply have walked away from what we had shared would have been something that I'd have ended up regretting.

Softly, he closed the door between us, being careful not to trap my toes in the door. The door 'clicked' as it shut properly, but there was no second 'click,' from the lock. He didn't feel the need to use it. 

I smiled as I walked away, feeling for a few moments that I could even see him through the wall, my eyes locked onto the space I thought he'd be. With delicate footsteps I walked back around to the dresser, tucking my hair behind my ears I bent down and picked up my holdall and placed it onto the chair. I had to tuck my hair back a second time once I stood up again. 

The bag's edges sagged over the chair a little as I unzipped it to find a clean set of underwear. I had to dig through it a little as all my clean stuff was at the bottom of the bag. There had to be something better than my old holdalls, but normally I wasn't carrying this much. I'd had the double whammy of my friend's wedding then coming straight to this product exhibition before being able to go home again.

I carefully found and pulled out a set of underwear, it didn't matter what kind of a pair they were, as long as they were clean. I place them on the dresser until I could get a shower as well. Although I didn't feel particularly dirty, what I had on was what I'd been wearing all day yesterday.

My head looked up as I heard Jack give a cough. Although separated by a wall, I was probably less than six feet from him, I even heard him let out a little groan. Most people did the same kind of thing as they woke themselves up. I know I did.
