 (Hi,

Fantasies are very strong. They affect each life in a different way. I believe that if we keep them in perspective, they can add excitement to the lives that we already have, without ever really happening. Just the imagination.) 

The house next door had been empty for months. A duplex, obviously a rental property, must have been in need of repair. Libby noticed a contractor working.

It is December, she thought. What a time to work in an empty house. How depressing.

*

She saw him several times a day, but could not tell if he was good looking or not. He wore coveralls and was bundled up for the weather. But she could tell he did not have a huge gut, so…

A few days later she noticed him working close to her side of the house. She opened the side door and stuck her head out.

"Excuse me." She said.

He sighed. He had noticed the lady next door. She had been watching him for days. Always sitting in that chair, looking out the door. She probably wanted him to fix something. He was too busy for helpless women today. He turned and looked at her.

"Yes," he said abruptly.

"I just wanted to offer the use of my bathroom, or a cup of hot coffee, or just to come in out of the cold, if you need it. As long as that place has been empty, I'm betting the water is not turned on this time of year. I'm here most of the time, just knock."

He was surprised and nodded. Just glad she didn't need him to unclog the kitchen sink. Yet.

"Thanks," was all he managed and she was back inside with the door closed.

Later when he walked by, she was sitting in that chair. She nodded and raised her coffee mug in a kind of salute. He nodded and walked on by.

She designed websites and worked from home. The next few days were busy. But she tried to smile and nod each time he walked by. One time she noticed that he turned around to see if she was there. Finally he knocked.

She was sitting there and looked up. She reached for the door.

"Hi. I'm Brian. I thought I'd take you up on that coffee. It is really cold today." He smiled and she noticed his beautiful brown eyes.

"Sure, come in. Sit by the fire and warm yourself while I get the coffee." She closed the door behind him and went to the kitchen. He noticed that she was taller than average, as she let him in, and had nice long legs. He moved to an ottoman placed close to a roaring fire.

"How do you like it?" she asked from the kitchen.

"Like what?" he asked as several possible answers ran thru his mind.

"Your coffee? Black, cream, sugar?" She looked around the corner.

Black is fine." he answered.

He looked around the room and realized why she was always watching him. Her computer desk was right next to the door. The room was fairly large with a vaulted ceiling, exposed beam and sky lights. It was nicely furnished with a leather sofa, matching chair and ottoman, TV, mini bar, and of course, the fireplace that took up one whole wall.

"Here you go," she said as she crossed to him and handed him a steaming mug. "This will warm you up a little, I hope."

"Thanks." He said, accepting the coffee. She was wearing stretch knit athletic pants and a t-shirt. Her figure was quite nice, he noticed as she had walked toward him. 

"Brian, right? I'm Elizabeth, but everyone calls me Libby. Nice to meet you." She sat across from him in the desk chair.

"You, too. But now you realize I'll be back shortly to use the bathroom." He laughed over the rim of the mug. It sounded nice.

"That was part of the deal. I'll make sure it is clean." She laughed, hugging her knees so he wouldn't see how her nipples hardened at his deep, throaty laugh.

He stood, looking for a place to set his still half-full mug.

"Take it with you. You can bring it back later, or when you're ready for a refill."

"Okay, thanks again." He said as he moved toward the door. "Thanks for the fireplace, too. It is great."

"It's the reason I bought the house." She was unsure why she felt the need to tell him that bit of trivia.

After he left she went to make sure the bathroom was presentable. No unmentionables left laying on the floor. The toilet paper on the holder and not on the back of the tank. A clean towel and wash cloth hanging on the rail. Oh, and no pantyhose hanging in the tub. But he didn't stop.

She didn't think much about it. The next day she poked her head out when she saw him to let him know she would be gone for a while, Christmas shopping. They worked out a system. When the blind on the door was open, she was home, when it was closed, she was not.

It had become her practice during the cold months to use the fireplace. It kept the family room especially toasty. Each day, after her shower, wrapped in her bathrobe, she went to the toasty family room to dry herself by the fire. With her back to the door, opening her robe she toweled herself and her hair.

Brian walked by expecting to see her at the computer. He was shocked to see her standing with her back to the door, holding her robe open in front of the fireplace. He could not take his eyes off the sight. She reached up and took the towel from her hair and golden brown curls cascaded down her back. She rubbed her hair, and then placing one foot on the ottoman, she dried her legs, one at a time. 

All he could see was her hip and leg. But the thought of what was hidden behind that robe made him stiffen. Soon she tied her robe and left the room, returning a few minutes later dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. He moved away from the door, not wanting her to think him a 'peeping tom' if she caught him watching, but pretended to be walking to the door when she sat at the computer. She looked up and opened the door for him. 

"Brought your mug back. Can I get a refill?" he asked, hoping that she could not hear the strain in his voice as he pictured her in front of the fire.

"Sure, just made a pot." She took the mug and went to the kitchen, and he sat on the chair by the door. "How do you like it?" she asked from the kitchen. She smiled to herself, she loved asking that.

After the sight he had just witnessed, the thoughts that ran thru his head were wild.

"Just black, right?" as she handed him a fresh mug.

He cleared his throat. "Right." He stammered. "I'll just take this with me, if that's okay. I have lots of work to do today. Thanks." And with that he was out the door.

"Sure thing." Just faded off her tongue as he disappeared around the corner of the house. She was disappointed. She knew he had seen her. She had hoped her little show in front of the fireplace had had an affect on him. Guess not. Better luck next time.

And the next day was the same. He watched her in front of the fireplace, but this time she turned and saw him standing there. He held up the mug, hoping she didn't think he had been watching. She came to the door in her robe. 

"Coffee?" he asked, his face a little red at being caught.

"Sure, come on in. Have a seat." She walked to the kitchen. She decided to try one more time. "How do you like it?" she asked.

"Standing up with your legs wrapped around my waist and your back against the wall." He mumbled under his breath.

"Sorry, did you say something?" She asked as she walked across the room. "Black, right?" 

He was seated on the ottoman that her feet had rested on just minutes before, as she dried herself. She walked over and stood in front of him. 

He placed one hand on her exposed calf and heard her intake of breath. He also heard her breath quicken as he slowly ran his hand up the silky smooth outside of her leg, to just above the knee. He took the mug and set it on the floor. He looked up at her and her eyes were closed and she was biting her bottom lip, but she made no move to stop him. He reached up and untied her belt. Her robe fell open and he was hard, just like that. Her body was everything he had imagined; a treasure of beauty hidden beneath her robe. Her breasts were pert and appeared to be just the right size for his hands. Nipples jutted out, waiting for his lips. His eyes dropped to the patch of golden curls at her sex. It made his mouth water. He nuzzled her belly, she could feel his rough days growth abrasive against her skin. Her hands came to his shoulders; she needed to steady herself. He could feel her legs trembling under his hands. He moved them to rest on her slender waist and pulled her closer to him. He dipped his head and her scent filled his nostrils. She smelled of soap and sex. He longed to taste her.

She bent slightly and he took a dusky nipple into his mouth and as one hand came up to cup the other breast, a small cry escaped her lips. She slowly backed away from him. He was afraid she was putting an end to their interlude, but she took his hand and led him to the sofa. He sat down and she sat straddling him. His erection was almost painful, as he sat in disbelief that this was happening. He sucked first one nipple then the other. His hands cupped her small butt. 

She reached down and took one of his hands, slid it around and down her belly. She was leading him to touch her where she wanted it most. His fingers felt her wetness and she was already swollen with desire. As he spread her folds with his fingers, she arched her back. Another small cry came from her lips and he could tell she was ready for him. She took his hand in hers and pulled his fingers to her mouth. He shuddered as she slowly sucked his moistened fingers into her mouth, tasting her own juices. How he longed for that to be his cock she sucked into her hot mouth. With his hands on her waist, he lifted her until she was sitting next to him. He turned and leaned into her, taking her mouth with his for the first time. She tasted so sweet. He tasted like coffee. He slowly lowered her back until she was laying flat on the sofa. He pulled away and lowered his head again to her belly. He wanted to taste her, and wasn't going to be denied the opportunity. He lifted her legs up on to his shoulders and lowered his head again. Her legs trembled in anticipation of his touch. She could feel his hot breath on her thighs. She longed to push her fingers into his hair and pull his face to her. Finally he slipped his tongue into her wet cunt. She cried out at the touch. He slowly tongue-fucked her until she was grinding against his face. He pulled back and ran his tongue up to her swollen clit. She bucked her hips and screamed as an orgasm overtook her. He was amazed at how erotic the entire thing was. Her screaming and holding his head between her legs in a vice grip. He had to feel her around him! He quickly shed his pants and boxers and fished a condom out of his pocket. 

Her eyelids heavy, and eyes darkened with passion, she looked at his erection. She reached out to touch him, but he stopped her. He was afraid he would not be able to control himself if she touched him now. And he didn't want to embarrass himself, and cheat both of them out of this pleasure. He took his seat and lifted her back to his lap. She steadied herself above him and slid slowly down his shaft until he was fully enveloped in her hot, wet body. Her fingernails dug into his shoulders and she let out an audible cry as she felt him begin to move inside her. 

He touched her clit with his finger and she threw her head back and moaned. She was trembling all over. She could feel another orgasm building quickly. She moved against him and he took a nipple deep into his mouth. As he touched her clit again, the orgasm rocked her body. She screamed, and arched against him, grinding her pelvis against his. Taking as much as she could and dragging the orgasm out as long as possible. He could feel her muscles tighten around him and he knew his own climax was close. 

"Faster, harder, deeper" she whispered in his ear. That was all the encouragement he needed. He lifted her just enough to pound into her with wave after wave of thrust. She was taking it all and enjoying it.

"Yes, fuck me, Brian." She whispered. Her breath against his ear was all it took. He drove into her one last time and shuddered in climax.

"Libby," he cried into her shoulder as he came. Spasms rocked both of their bodies. Libby collapsed against his chest, her head on his shoulder. His arms around her held her tight to him, not wanting to unsheathe himself just yet.