 My friend Craig called me up out of the blue, wanting to go out for a drink. Craig was a friend I had known for years (strictly platonic. He liked men more than I did), and he had decided I needed to get out of my house, where I had been holed up for a while.

I hadn't really wanted to go out that night. I was tired, not having slept well recently. My boyfriend and I had been fighting almost constantly, to the point where he hadn't spent the night in over a week. It was an emotional relationship, but not a very strong physical one. While I was very attracted to him, he wasn't really my type; he was slender with blond hair and not very adventurous in bed.

Reluctantly, after much haranguing, I agreed to meet Craig at a bar near my house. I stripped down, took a quick shower and changed to go out. The only clean underwear I had was a set of black lacy panties and bra (I hadn't done laundry in a while) and I laughed to myself as I put on the bra (all dressed up and no place to go!). Staring at myself in the mirror, I figured I could rub a quick one out before I left for the bar. As I said, it had been a while since I had received any attention, and sometimes a girl has to take matters into her own hands. As I worked my pussy with one hand and pinched my clit with the other, I came quickly, feeling myself clench hard on my own two fingers. Honestly, it was not a very spectacular orgasm, but a needed one. I put on the panties, a tight brown skirt and a v-neck sweater and headed out.

I got to the bar a few minutes later. Craig was already at a table, sitting with three people, I had never seen before. As I walked up, Craig stood and introduced me to the folks at the table, a woman he worked with and two of her roommates, one was female, the other a cute guy named Adam. Adam had gorgeous eyes, long dark hair and broad shoulders. As I sat down at the empty chair Craig leaned over to me and whispered "He's just your type." Craig new me well, but he also knew that I wasn't the cheating type.

The evening continued and after a few drinks I was paying a lot more attention to Adam. In fact, I was acting like a schoolgirl, laughing at every joke, playing with my hair, staring at him. He didn't mind the attention, but didn't seem to be completely aware of it either. At one point, Craig leaned into me again and whispered "I be I get him before you do." 

The alcohol, the situation, the week of fighting with my boyfriend and having no sex...I took Craig's words as a challenge. Adam and his friends were about to leave, but I talked him into having another drink. He went up to the bar and ordered one for himself and one for me, and I took a long look at him. He had a great frame and one of the best asses I had seen in quite some time. Even if I didn't get him, I knew I would be thinking of him later with two fingers buried in my pussy. When he came back to the table and sat next to me, I decided to stop wasting time. Rubbing my foot against his calf, I put my hand on his thigh and told him he should take me home. He looked surprised, but smiled and threw back his drink, stood up and said "Let's go"

We got to my apartment and I walked up the steps ahead of him. Looking over my shoulder I caught him staring at my rear end. As I stopped at the door, he lightly bumped into me and I felt his erection. I smiled, glad that he was ready to go.

I had second thoughts as I opened the door. I had never cheated on my boyfriend, and wasn't sure I wanted to start now, but we were barely through the door and I was on him, kissing his lips. Again, he seemed surprised at first but quickly returned my attention. Without asking, I knelt down and rand my hands over the bulge in his jeans. He groaned a bit, and I unzipped his pants. He was wearing no underwear, and his cock was standing straight up. I leaned back and looked at it.

His cock was gorgeous. It was medium length, about seven inches, but thick and veiny. The hefty shaft bent out from its root and curved back to his abdomen, and it was topped by a pink mushroom head that was one and a half times wider than his substantial shaft. I wanted it inside me, in my mouth, in my pussy. I wasn't going to make a habit of this, but one night of getting fucked by this beautiful instrument couldn't be too bad, right?

I licked him from underneath his shaft, holding his big heavy balls to the side, going all the way to the velvety tip. Without wasting any time, I wrapped my lips around it and lowered my head just until I had the entire tip in my mouth, and then I bobbed on the head a few times before I took more of him into my mouth. I could feel his pulse through his cock. I took the head as deep as I could, the head jamming against the back of my throat, but because of the banana bend in his penis, I couldn't get too much of him down my throat. 

I pulled my mouth up off of his cock and looked up he was looking straight down at me, smiling.

"You don't waste much time, do you?"

"No," I said. "Do you want to take this into the bedroom?"

"I would love to," he responded.

We stripped as we walked down the hallway, me taking off my sweater, him climbing out of his pants and pulling off his shirt. He had a hairy chest, and was ripped underneath. I could see the roundness of his pecs and abdominal muscles under his chest hair. His cock was standing straight up and pointing back into his belly.

"Nice bra," Adam said as he sat down on the bed.

I laughed, having forgotten what I was wearing underneath. "Do you want to help me off with it?" Without saying a word he reached out with one hand and unclasped it, falling on my breasts with his mouth instantly. I have a very athletic build, great legs, a great ass, but only B-cup breasts, and I am usually very insecure about my chest size. Adam didn't seem to mind at all, licking and sucking at my nipples as he pulled my panties down with both hands.

"Damn, you really are ready to go, aren't you?" he said as he began playing with my pussy, slowly rubbing around my clit with two fingers. I was wet and lubed from wanting him for so long. His touch was gently but firm and it sent shudders up and down my body. It felt great but I wanted more. I reached down and grasped his cock, just underneath the head, and stroked it a few times. It was as hard as I had ever felt a cock be.

"I want this," I said, grasping him more firmly and stroking a little faster. It was still slick from my mouth and throat. I had no interest in foreplay. I just wanted Adams cock.

I pushed him back from his sitting position and straddled him, not waiting for him to respond.

I still had his cock in my hand as I straddled him. I rubbed my clit with his head a few times and then rubbed it across my pussy lips, and after a bit he started to thrust a little as I teased us both with his cock. One of his thrusts was perfectly timed as I rubbed that beautiful thing against my wet lips, and the big fat tip pushed its way in. The head stretched my pussy at the opening and felt blazing hot. He held his hips up and I stayed motionless, letting my little hole adjust to that thick cock, little explosions going off all over me. I couldn't believe I was doing this!

I slowly lowered myself onto him, bit by bit. His cock was really thick and it stretched me as I sunk down on it. It hurt a little bit, even though I was wet and ready, but it was the good kind of pain that just set off more explosions. Once I rested all the way on him I stopped for a second just letting myself adjust to his girth. He groaned as my pussy spasmed around him a few times, but he made no movement, both of us reveling in the feeling. I lifted myself up a bit and lowered myself down, and then again, and after a few times, my pussy had completely accepted his hot tool. I could feel him all the way inside of me, that big fucking head stretching me all the way to my womb.

Instead of bobbing, I started rocking. That wicked curve on his cock had his big tip hitting my g spot. I started slowly, and increased my pace.

"That feels incredible," Adam said "your pussy is like lava on my cock!"

"I'm going to cum quickly" I said. "That cock is going to make me cum!" I continued rocking on it, the head banging my g spot inside me again and a gain. It was a quick orgasm, but powerful, my whole body shuddering and I collapsed down on his chest, his fat cock still lodged deep inside me. He lay there smiling. "Why don't you do that again?" he said, pinching one of my small, sensitive nipples. That little pinch sent another wave of orgasm through me. I caught my breath and laughed. "I'm not sure I can..."

Without a word, he sat up and turned himself over on me, his cock still deep in me. "Let me, then..." he said. I spread my legs and grabbed his fantastic ass and pulled him in deeply. 

"I would like that"

"Would you?" he said, grabbing my ankles, spreading my legs farther apart. "What would you like?"

"I'd like you to fuck me"

"Ask me to."

"Fuck me?" I had never really engaged in dirty talk, but it was turning me on. So was the feeling of his member pulsing inside of me.

"Ask me like you mean it" he said, grinning.

"I want you to shove that big fat cock inside of me" He didn't move. "I want you to fuck me hard. Fuck my pussy with your big cock" I said, growing more excited.

He began to thrust. My ankles were still in his hands, and he pushed them back towards my face. It pinned me down but also raised my ass towards his thrusts. I moaned.

"Do you like that?" he asked, slowing his pace, pulling his penis out until just the head was parting my labia. "Tell me what you want."

"Please put it back in. Please don't take that beautiful cock out of me. I want you to fuck me hard!"

He took his cue, first slowly thrusting in to the hilt once or twice, and then just fucking me HARD. My knees were pressing against my breasts and I was pinned down by his full weight, by his cock. He continued to fuck me hard like that for a few minutes before he took one of his hands off of my ankle and started rubbing my clit with it. I exploded again almost instantly, this time convulsing violently as his hand worked my clitoris and his cock worked my g-spot. After what seemed like an hour of straight orgasm, he pulled his cock all the way out and stood back, my juices making his shaft glisten.

"Why did you stop?" I pleaded.

"I want you from behind" he said. I normally HATE getting it doggy style, but I didn't hesitate for Adam. I turned around on the bed and stuck my rear up in the air. "Take it however you want it baby, just give me back that cock!"

He entered me fully and violently, shoving himself all the way in with his first thrust. Hew waited about a second and then just viciously started fucking me from behind. My head was down as he pounded into me and I could feel his balls slapping against me with every violent thrust. He had no intention of slowing down and he fell into a strong fast rhythm of deep thrusts, each thrust ending with his balls slapping underneath my pussy and up into my clit. It was amazing. I lifted my head up and realized we were parallel with the mirror in my bedroom and watched in fascination as this stranger thrust into me, me with my ass in the air and him on his knees behind me. He was looking straight down at my rear, watching himself enter me again and again. When he looked up, he realized I was watching us in the mirror. He grinned again, and sped up more, fucking me really hard. He lifted up a hand and slapped my ass.

"Do you like me taking you from behind?"

"I like getting fucked like an animal. Keep fucking me!"

Without asking, he slapped my rear again and then rested his hand back down on one butt cheek. I closed my eyes, concentrating on this feeling building again deep inside me, realizing I was about to come again, when he slipped his thumb into my asshole. That was all it took. I exploded like the Fourth of July, my knees buckling, falling flat on the bed. Adam never lost a stroke, following me down, big cock pistoning in and out of my pussy, his abdomen slapping against my ass cheeks.

"I'm going to cum" he said, thrusting deeply.

"Give me your cum. I want to taste it!" I pushed back onto my knees and threw him back. I spun around, grabbed is wet cock hard in my hand and stroked it fast as I fell on him with my mouth, working his head with my lips. 

After forty minutes straight of fucking, it didn't take but a few firm strokes and sucking attention with my mouth to finally coax a load out of him

He groaned loudly as I grabbed and tugged his balls roughly with my free hand. I felt like such a slut! I could taste my pussy on his cock and it was really turning me on. He came a LOT, spurting maybe fifteen times, each one a generous dose of cum.

I thought that was going to be the end, but his big cock didn't get soft. It just stayed at attention. I kept staring at it, amazed.

"Isn't that thing going down?" I asked.

"I think you have me too hot," he said, reaching down and stroking his cock a few times. It was shining from both of our cum. "We don't have to be done."

But that is more for later...