 I walked into the house expecting to be greeted by my boyfriend like everyday. He worked from home and always wraps me in a tight embrace as if he hasn't seen me in month rather than just a few hours. So you can imagine my surprise when I saw a man stripped down to his underwear and tied to a chair sitting in my forye. He looked up at me in shock, his dark eyes wide. He started to scream but whatever was in his mouth was stopping him. He was thrashing around and trying to break free, but my boyfriends' boy-scout days really had him down for the count.

"Babe!" I scream out and stand watching the tied up man unsure of what to do.

"Hey Sweetie" 

My boyfriend comes into the forye walking past the man like he wasn't even there. He wrapped me in a his arms and kissed the top of my forehead, but my eyes never left our bound guest.

"What's going on?" I ask finally looking away and at my boyfriend.

"Well you know how you've been saying that your panties keep going missing and blaming me?" I nod and wait for him to continue.

"I found the real culprit." He made a grand gesture and pointed to the man watching us looking slightly more guilty than he did before. 

"He broke into the house and was jerking off while sniffing your panties."

"Okay that still doesn't explain why he's bound and gagged. Why didn't you call the police?"

"Because I thought of a fun way for him to get punished and give you a treat." he smiled dangerously and I knew no matter what I said his plan was already in motion.

"I want you to suck his dick." 

Both I and the panty bandit looked at him confused. There was a silence that floated through the air for a beat longer than my boyfriend would have liked.

"On your knees slut" he barked and my knees quickly buckled as I fell to the ground. "Now this is supposed to be a treat but if you want a punishment we can do that too." 

I shook my head franticly and crawled over to the man. I looked back at my boyfriend but he just tipped his head waiting for me to continue. I reached my hand into the man's underwear and was shocked to pull out at least 8 inches of thick man meat. My mouth watered a bit and I realized why this was a treat for me. My boyfriend was only about 4 maybe 5 inches, not that I didn't love it or he didn't know how to use it but sometimes when we talk about our fantasies I bring up my need for a big fat cock just the thought makes my panties wet. I didn't mean to come off as a size queen but I could tell that it sometimes made my boyfriend feel inadequate in our lovemaking.

So this big dick intruder was definitely a treat just for me. Just the weight of his dick in my hand made my body tingle. I started stroking his cock slowly making my way up and down the long shaft savoring as it grew hard and thick between my grasp. I was so mesmerized as the cock made it to it's full length, even with both hands on his shaft the head poked out. A drop of clear goo appeared at the tip and I dove forward to taste it. Shoving as much of the fat cock in my mouth before coming off and licking just the tip, moaning as the man's delicious precum coated my tongue. 

The panty sniffer was enjoying it too as he moaned deeply behind his gag. I took the cock again this time letting it rest for a bit at the back of my throat before I began. I moved up and down on his cock letting my mouth get juicier and juicer coating his fat cock in my slut juices getting my throat ready to take him all in. With each bob I was getting more and more of his delicious cock. I was so lost in sucking this thick cock that I forgot all about my boyfriend being there until he said something.

"Don't forget his balls baby girl." I looked back at him and smiled before going straight for the balls. I licked and sucked each ball savoring in the taste of his arousal. I sucked on his balls as my hand stroked his dick. He was howling under my touch and I was just as excited, I could feel my panties being soaked through with my juices. I made my way back up to this cock taking my hands away completely and shoving his dick down my throat I was going further and farther until I felt my nose being tickled by the fabric of his boxers. I was on a high as I moved back to his tip and back to the base. My body tingles and my pussy was dripping. I speed up taking his full length into my mouth. 

Then I felt a hand wrap into my hair and pull my head up and down on this strangers cock. I keep my mouth open as my boyfriend made me face fuck this cock. I was drooling uncontrollably and that just made my mouth slide over the fat cock even better. I was moaning and gagging and both men seemed to enjoy as they watched my mouth being used by this big cock. The man groaned and I could feel him stiffen up a bit I knew I was about to get my final reward. My head was pressed all the way to his base and his cock was deep into my throat when he finally exploded. His seed going straight to my stomach. 

I was let up and I licked the tip getting making sure to get all the cum off his cock. I smiled up at my boyfriend but he was looking at the intruder.

"You like fucking my girlfriends face?" the man nodded entheasticly and I felt a bit of pride drip from my pussy.

"Good because we're not done yet." 

I looked at my boyfriend and he smiled down at me stroking my hair giving me compliments with his eyes. He moved to the panty sniffer and pulled the gag out of his mouth, which I noticed as a pair of my panties.

"I'm sorry I broke into your house." He said looking at me. I shook my head and stood up. I unbuttoned my work shirt one button at a time slowly exposing my black leather bra to the man tied up. I shed my shirt and feel my boyfriend come behind me and unsnap my bra pushing it my straps down my arm putting on a show for the man.

"What's your name?" I moan as my boyfriends hands cup my tits from the bottom. He always liked to weigh them before he played with them making what little weight my D cup held jiggle.

"Kevin" he says following my breast with his eyes. I moan as my boyfriend pulls and pinches my nipples making them grow and harden. Rubbing his hands around gripping my breast letting his fingers brush over my nipples gently driving me mad. Then he got on his knees and unbuttoned my skirt and yanking it off, exposing my naked body to the captive Kevin. He bends me over forcing me to balance on Kevins legs as he took his first taste of the day. Licking from my clit to my asshole my boyfriend began exploring my wet pussy, sucking my clit and spitting on my hole just the way I like. I was a moaning mess in Kevin's lap and by the time my boyfriend had wiggled his tongue into my eager pussy Kevin's cock had found its way back to my mouth. I was moaning on his cock as he tried his best to pump his hip to get deeper down my throat. Each time my boyfriend tickled my clit with his tongue I would gurgle Kevin's cock. I used my hands on each of his legs to balance and took him to the base, sticking my tongue out to lick his balls as much as I could. Kevin was moaning out wildly and I felt him stiffen. I pulled up and gave him a wink as my boyfriend was bringing me to the edge. He had two fingers in me pumping in and out with no resistance and then wrapping his tongue around my clit making me scream out and beg for my treat.

"Please make me cum! I want to cum all over your fingers." I was babbling and drooling all over Kevin's lap as my boyfriends fingers curled inside me. 

"Cum" my boyfriend says then attacks my clit as his fingers bring me over the edge. I feel my legs wobble a bit as I come down from my orgasm. My boyfriend grabs my waist and pick me up placing me on Kevins lap. My pussy spasms against his stiff cock and I wrap my arms around his neck trying to balance myself. Moving my pussy lips up and down on Kevin's big dick his tip catching on my clit each time making both of us moan at the feeling. I felt my boyfriend, now naked dick, against my back. He grabbed my breast gripping them and rubbing them in front of Kevin's face.

"Why don't you sit on it" he whispered in my ear. I nodded and lifted up grabbing Kevin's dick and placing at my hole. My pussy swallowed it greedily as I slowly sat down on the cock filling me deeply and stretching me nice and wide. I was moaning out against my boyfriend as he held me up. I could feel the drool dripping down my chest. I began bouncing on Kevin's thick cock. 

I was moaning loudly as I was stretched and filled up bottoming out on his cock. He was so deep inside me and his boxers were rubbing against my clit just right. I was pushing back on my boyfriend as his hands roamed my upper body and slowly made their way to my neck. He knew my neck was my weak spot just a bit of pressure could send me over the edge. He started stroking my neck in time with bouncing on Kevin's cock. When I went up his hand went down and I was in heaven. My body was shaking with pleasure and all I needed was a bit of pressure.

"Please?" I begged moving faster on the cock.

"Please make me cum."

"Choke me like a whore as I cum on this strangers big thick cock." I screamed out needy for his grip. I was slapping myself on Kevin's cock and Kevin really seemed to be enjoying it too.

Then I felt the grip on my neck and it felt like my body had exploded all at once starting at my pussy gushing all over Kevin's cock and my air being cut off. I was cumming so hard and still grinding on the fat sausage inside of me. 

I'm suddenly yanked off Kevin's cock and forced on my knees. My boyfriend's hand still wrapped around my throat squeezing tighter than ever before and his other hand was furiously stroking his cock. I knew I was about to get another prize so I stick out my tongue in anticipation. I was wiggling on my knees moaning and begging as best I could through my strangled throat. I saw my boyfriends balls twitch and I knew he was close. I leaned into his grip, getting closer to the tip that was winking at me, teasing me with what's to cum. Then the first spurt hit me right on the tongue and I dove for the head. My boyfriend moaned as I sucked the cock head swallowing every drop that he put out. I took the rest of his cock in my mouth and sucked it until I was pulled off. 

"Lick your juices off his cock."

I turn back around to Kevin who is staring at me with lust in his eyes. I take his cock slow sucking the tip then moving down letting my boyfriends leftover cum lube his cock and help ease it into my throat. I kept him in my throat as my hands found his balls. The weight was amazing in my hands and everytime I rolled them between my fingers his cock would twitch in my throat. He groaned and squeaked out a quick 'cumming' before I felt my mouth get filled with more delicious cum. I moaned as I swallowed it down. 

I moved away and sat on the ground between the two men. They looked down at me with a look that said they were both satisfied and wanting more.

And I was ready for round two.

--------------------------------

Comments always welcome:)