 After several hours of driving, she's finally there. She parks her car across the street from the small house and gets out of her car. Her excitement has slowly turned to pure anxiety over the past few hours, and now she's shaking with nerves. She can't seem to catch her breath. A sound startles her, and she cries out before she realizes that the sound is her cell phone. He's calling her.

"Hey!" she answers breathlessly. "How was your flight?"

"Great... Are you ok? You sound like you were running," he replies.

"Oh yeah, I'm fine. My phone ringing just caught me off guard."

"Well... I'm headed home from the airport. I just wanted to see if you were still up. I have been thinking about you all day. I think you'll really enjoy hearing about my flight and how hard I still am thinking of you..."

"Hurry up and get home then! I think you'll find my day pretty interesting too..." she says with a smile as she hangs up the phone. Her nerves have vanished, replaced by arousal and overwhelming lust. "It's too late to turn back now..." she says to herself. 

From her bag in the backseat, she selects a sheer negligee with a matching sheer thong. She glances up and down the street and, seeing no one, removes her clothes in the middle of the street. She slips into the sheer night gown and thong, relishing the feel of the light fabric on her nipples and the outer lips of her pussy. She bends over to find her shoes in the back seat, exposing her round ass and barely concealed mound to the night. She slips the flip flops from her feet, replacing them with the black, strappy stilettos she purchased especially for this meeting. She admires her legs, the soft curve of her calf muscle that is accentuated by the 6 inch heel. She touches up her lipstick in the reflection in the window before slipping on the short, light trench coat. She ties the sash but doesn't bother with the buttons, letting the top stay open enough to catch glimpses of the sheer fabric covering her full breasts. She reaches one last time into the car, grabbing the bottle of her favorite pinot noir.

She straightens just in time to see headlights turning onto the block. "This is it," she thinks. "Tonight is the night..."

He sees her standing there, lit by his headlights, and his cock springs to attention. He blinks, expecting the vision of her to go away like they have been all day... for the past several months really... But when he opens his eyes again, she's still there, leaning against a car. He pulls into his driveway and gets out of the car before he's even turned off the engine.

"Sarah?" He asks as he moves toward her, but he already knows it's her. She looks even sexier in person than in any picture or fantasy, and he realizes that just her presence has raised his flag to full mast.

"Zak..." she sighs. The sight of him, finally standing before her, makes her weak in the news. She looks at him, at his body, the way he moves toward her, at the obvious bulge in his pants, and feels herself become more wet than she ever remembers being. She can smell her arousal, the sweet scent of her pussy, before he's even touched her.

He reaches her, and without hesitation, pulls her into his arms. His mouth finds hers, their tongues pushing against each other in the frantic motion of their first kiss. His fingers lace into her hair, pulling slightly on her soft, curly hair. Her body melts into his, their lust for each other lighting up the dark street. 

He abruptly pulls away. "What are you doing here?" he asks.

"This," she replies as she pulls him into their second kiss, less frantic but more sensual than their first. He grabs her waist, turning her to walk to his door. They walk together, their lips still exploring each other, their bodies bumping into each other, feeling for the first time the touch of the other as he walks her backward toward the door. He grabs the door knob behind her but finds it locked.

"My keys are still in the car! Don't move." He says as he runs to the car to retrieve his keys. The engine quiets , and the headlights dim. In the new darkness, she sees him running back to her. He pulls her back to him for another kiss before reaching around her to unlock the door. He pushes her inside and kicks the door closed behind him, not bothering to lock it behind them. She pushes away from him and takes a few steps backwards into the living room, her eyes never leaving his. She sets the wine down on the coffee table, surprised she didn't drop it before, and unties the sash of the trench coat. Slowly, the coat slides away to reveal her bare shoulders, the soft skin of her chest, her breasts under the sheer fabric, her hard nipples casting tiny shadows in the dim lamplight.

He can't breathe as the trench coat finally falls to the floor. She looks stunning. His eyes rove her body, desperate for every detail, every curve. She moves toward him, and his eye is drawn to the movement of her large breasts beneath the fabric, the sway of her hips, the bend of her knee, the soft line of her ankle. He finally meets her eyes again as her hand comes up to caress his face. 

"It's nice to meet you," she says and covers his mouth with hers before he can answer.

The kiss begins slowly, a gentle parting of the lips , a tentative slip of tongue, her hand caressing his cheek. But can't control himself; he pulls her hips to his suddenly increasing the intensity of the kiss, forcing her lips apart with the tongue, sliding his hands around to squeeze the round, full cheeks of her ass. She responds in kind, grabbing his head and running her fingernails down his neck and back, gripping his shoulders, and moaning with pleasure. Through the thin fabric of the thong, she can feel his arousal and shifts her hips forward to grind her dripping pussy on the length of his shaft still trapped in his pants. 

She wants him. She wants to taste him, touch him, lick him, feel him inside her, filling her and stretching her. She pushes herself away again and stares in his eyes as she unzips his pants, grabs the waistband of his pants and boxers and pushes them down. His hard cock springs forward, bouncing and twitching. She lowers herself to her knees and immediately engulfs the head in her mouth, flicking her tongue on the sensitive underside of the head. If he hadn't already cum today with the stewardess, he would have cum right then. Her warm mouth slides further down his shaft until he can feel the tip slide down her throat and her nose touches his pubic hair. She begins to move her head so he's slowly fucking her mouth while gently cupping his sac in her hands.  

Suddenly, she stops and stands up. "I can't wait anymore," she says as she removes the thong and drops it on the floor with the trench coat. "Fuck me... I need to feel you inside me... right now," she commands.

And he obeys. He steps forward, turns her around, bends her over the arm of the couch, and guides his cock into her warm, wet pussy. He fucks her hard, sliding almost all the way out and thrusting back in with one fast motion. His balls slap her clitoris on each thrust which makes her quickly cry out that she's cumming. Her muscles tighten and grip him so tightly that he almost can't move, but he fucks her through her first orgasm in short, quick thrusts. By the time her orgasm subsides and her muscles relax, he's on the edge of his own orgasm. But he wants to see her when he comes, so he pulls out and lays her down couch. He immediately pushes himself back into her tight, wet hole thrusting hard and fast. His hands take hold of her breasts, squeezing and flicking her nipples.

"Fuck me... fuck me... fuck me... YES! FUCK!... I'm gonna cum again!" she yells just as he reaches his climax. Her walls clench around him, contracting with her pleasure as his body tightens and releases string after string of hot, sticky cum in her vagina. He thrusts himself in to the hilt, feeling the wetness of her touching his pelvis. 

Feeling him cum inside her, coat her walls with his spunk, sends her over the edge to yet another orgasm. Her hips buck against him, forcing him even deeper into her while her body clenches again, milking the last few spurts of cum from him.

They collapse together on the couch, with him still inside her and on top of her. Their breathing is ragged, their pulses are racing, their bodies drained of strength. He kisses her neck, she moans, and they enjoy the euphoria of their first encounter.

***

To be continued