 I didn't expect to be propositioned as soon as I sat down at the hotel bar with the DJ traveling from Shalamar to Biggie. 

This Amazonian princess was 6 feet tall, natural curls to the ceiling, titanium glasses, hips to keep her Celine maxi dress from touching her Jimmy Choo heels and sculpted arms that limply dangled her Balenciaga wristlet. She was whispering in my ear at the bar with her hand innocently resting on my knee when her drink arrived. "I would love to take you upstairs and suck your dick," she breathed into my neck because Thursday nights at the hotel bar got loud. "But I'm pretty sure you can't afford me."

My eyebrows indicated my surprise to anyone watching our dance. I hadn't even ordered my drink and I was already being told what I couldn't have. Was I turned on because I was challenged or was I challenged because I was turned on? 

"I'll fuck you because I want to, but I'm not giving head away. Sorry," she casually confessed as she pulled away to tend to her red wine. My dick started to reciprocate her words while her aroma lingered in my thoughts. She had turned away to watch the rest of establishment enjoy their evening while I was left to ponder a deal that had no specific terms. Her freshly manicured green-apple digits resting on my knee was her way keeping the negotiation table attentive. 

I pretended to ignore the solicitation and ordered a rum & Coke over her shoulder as the DJ seamlessly transitioned from Biggie to Chaka. Yet her hand on my knee probably felt the tug of my slacks from the tension she was building in between my legs. 

She spun torward me with a serious look and leaned into my shoulder. "I'll let you talk to my clit until she's visibly shaken and I'll let you fuck me from behind if you can take my hips uncontrollably grinding back into your dick," she spoke loud enough to catch the attention of the couple in front of us. "But finishing in my mouth will cost you." 

Our neighbors were clearly attempting to assess the situation. Between my wedding ring and her proposal, they were as intrigued about where this sales pitch was headed as I was. 

"What if I'm content dicking you down 10 minutes and calling it a night?" I finally responded while I reached over to grab my drink, hoping the alcohol would enhance my bargaining skills. 

After another sip of her red wine she turned to the couple listening to our auditory foreplay and smiled as she pulled on the material of my pants enough to let my dick know she was well on her way to sealing the deal. The DJ blends from Chaka to Toto. That couple, I've since named Heidi & Richard, were as eager to hear her next words as I was. 

But she turned back toward me and leaned in so I could clearly hear her say, "When we walk out of here to the elevator, you'll be thinking about coming on my tongue without losing a drop on my cheeks. When I'm holding onto your dick as you fumble with the room key, you'll be thinking about frosting my lips with your disgustingly warm cum. When you're ripping away my green-apple thong so you can bury your nose in my dripping wet pussy, you'll be thinking about your cum dripping down my throat. When you're holding onto my brown hips as my pussy continuously bangs the shit out of your nuts, you'll be thinking about my tongue swirling your dick until you explode into my fucking mouth." She answered knowingly as her empty wine glass found it's way to the bar. "So unless you want to be thinking about your dick in my mouth until the sun rises, you'll be paying up, Mister."

At first I thought those words only splashed my ears and on my dick, but as I my other senses started to resume normal activity I could see Heidi's fingers were digging into Richard's triceps and Richard's face flush with embarrassment. 

I attempted to remain steady, as though I'd had her right where I wanted her. I swung my legs toward the bar as she finally let go of my knee to pay for her red wine. I swiftly downed my rum & Coke as she closed her wristlet and smiled at Heidi & Richard. "I'll meet you and your $1000 at the elevator when your dick relaxes," she confidently punctuated her final offer to me. As she strolled across the dance floor toward the glass doorway every pair of eyes were on her - especially Heidi and Richard. 

My head was in my hands while I waited for my dick to relax when I felt another hand on my knee with a much firmer touch than earlier. It was Heidi. 

"My wife is about to suck my dick for free," Richard started as Heidi continued to stare toward the glass doors, hand moving further up my thigh, dick still throbbing. "So enjoy this one on us," he finished as Heidi's hand reached into my pocket and took a couple of gentle strokes against my manhood. 

They quietly turned and left the bar as the DJ left Toto for Mary J Blige. My eyes were the only pair focused on their haste as they turned the corner to leave. 

As I weighed my options about that evenings proposition I reached into my pocket to pay for my rum & Coke when I noticed Heidi's & Richard's gift in my pocket: five $100 bills. 

I quietly laughed to myself, paid for my drink and slowly headed for the elevators as Mary J was replaced by the Roots. My proposal was talking on the phone as I approached her with a calm look. My dick began to throb and as she glanced mid-conversation.  

"Hold for one second, please," she politely paused her conversation to give me her attention. I reached out and placed the $500 in her hands as I pushed the elevator button. 

She curled up her lips in frustration and mouthed "just once" as the elevator arrived at the lobby. 

As she placed the money in her wristlet and the elevator doors opened she took my hand and went back to her conversation. "Okay, we will pick up the kids after breakfast tomorrow. And we have the money for your charity. Well, half of it anyway. You raised your son to be cheap, but I'll see what I can squeeze out of him by tomorrow morning."