 I sat down at the bar and deeply exhaled. 

What a fucking week. Work had been insanely busy because people kept quitting. That meant that everyone who was staying around had to do two times the work. It was completely unsustainable. I worked at an engineering firm and loved my job, but sometimes it could be a bit much. It did pay the bills though.

I ordered a beer and took a seat. I was ready to just kick back, relax, and unwind after this crappy week.

I had been sitting towards the end of the bar for about 20 minutes, enjoying my drink, and reading a book on my phone (yes I'm that guy), when two young ladies walked up to the bar to order.

"Hi! Can I get one gin and tonic and one vodka cranberry please!"

The voice sounded oddly familiar so I turned and looked to see who it was. As I turned to look, the girl who had spoken turned towards her friend to say something and our eyes locked.

"Oh fuck," she muttered to herself. "Coach Smith..."

"Hey there Lexi. Funny seeing you here," I replied with a smirk.

Now would be a good time to mention that I also coach Basketball at a local high school in my spare time. I had a coach that really impacted my life while I was in high school and when the opportunity to coach had presented itself to me a few years ago, I jumped at the chance. I had been doing it for about 6 years now and had seen a lot of kids come and go. But none of them were quite like Lexi Scooper. 

Her long blonde hair up in a loose bun, she was wearing tight jeans, a loose green crop top shirt that showed off her amazing abs, and a pair of short heels. She had spent all 4 of her high school years on the varsity basketball team and had graduated a couple of years ago. She was extremely talented and was playing in college at a small DII school on the west coast. She had been a captain on the team and was well respected by her teammates during her time at our school. Sometimes you just click with an athlete and that had been the case with me and Lexi. It got to the point where my body language on the sideline was enough to tip her off to what play I wanted ran on the court. It was like having a coach in the game at all times and it helped lead us to two State Championships while she was there. Since I had had her on the squad for 4 years, we had grown quite close over time and had stayed in relative touch after she left. 

I had not seen her since an alumni gathering we had about a year ago and boy had that year been good to her. Lexi was about 5'2" and was all lean muscle. This was short for a basketball player but her raw athletic ability more than made up for it. She had a tight, slim, toned body, and the most breathtaking, deep blueish-green eyes you could imagine. She had a plump, but toned ass that was to die for. Her skin was perfectly tanned from all the time she must spend outside while away at school. I had never thought of her in any manner other than as her coach, but after looking her over right now, that quickly changed. That being said, she was still just 19 or 20, not old enough to drink, and yet was at the bar ordering drinks with a friend.

"I gotta admit, I'm curious as to how you're here right now when they start checking ID at the door at 9pm. But based on you and your friend ordering drinks at the bar right now, I think I understand," I said through a smile.

Her face had gone red, although she recovered quickly and smiled in return. She glanced over quickly to make sure that the bartender was out of earshot before responding, "Maybe more time has passed than you think it has Coach Smith. Anyone willing to check my ID would clearly see that I am 22 years old and being in bars after 9pm is no issue."

Our eyes stayed locked on each other's until the bartender returned with their drinks. I motioned to the bartender and told him to put their drinks on my tab. After he was gone, Lexi's friend took a sip of her drink and turned to me.

"Thanks for the drinks. I like your friend, Lexi," she said before winking and walking over to a group that was at a nearby table.

My eye lingered on her for a moment before Lexi stepped in front of me and said, "Don't waste your time on Liz. She is just a big flirt."

"I certainly wasn't planning to...waste my time on her?" I said laughing. "What the hell does that even mean?"

Lexi smiled and I motioned for her to sit. She sat in the seat next to mine and took a sip of her drink. 

"I mean she would just flirt with you all night to get you to keep buying her drinks and then you would go home hard and lonely." 

Lexi's face turned beet red as she realized what she had just said and to who. She covered her mouth with her hand in surprise and softly said, "Oh...my...God. I'm so sorry Coach Smith. I didn't mean..."

Laughing I waved off her concern and said, "Lexi, it's ok. You aren't in high school anymore. Actually, since we are sitting here in a bar drinking together and you evidently somehow managed to become 22 years old when I'm pretty sure you are 19, you may as well call me Carter."

Lexi rolled her eyes and took another drink while she regained her composure. "Well Carter, at least my ID doesn't say I'm from a different state like Liz's. So at least part of it is legit. And I'll have you know I paid good money for it."

Never one to be a hypocrite about the things we do while in college, I held up my drink and we toasted to her college hijinks. I kept expecting her to eventually make her way back over to her friends but as the night wore on, we continued to drink and talk and drink and talk some more. Eventually a noticeably wobbly Liz came back over and said they were heading out. Lexi paused for a moment and mouthed something to Liz. I couldn't make out what it was. Liz's eye got really big and then she started to giggle.

"Shut up Liz!" Lexi said before turning towards me. "Well...Carter, I haven't seen you in so long and I am having a really good time talking and catching up. I would like to keep talking if that's ok with you...?" she asked questioningly. Stunned, I just nodded.

"Great! Would you mind giving me a ride back to my hotel? I didn't want to stay at my parents' place while I was back in town, so I am staying at the Marriott on 12th Street and they are my ride."

Was this going where I thought it was going? Was I just reading way too much into it? And was this even ok in the first place?! I mean, she was over 18 and no longer one of my athletes so there was no issue there. It just seemed morally...off I guess would be the word. I mean I was 31 and that is quite a big gap...But still, not wrong, just off. But we were having a great time and I could just be taking it all wrong. Something snapped me out of my thoughts.

"...um...Carter? I need an answer because otherwise I need to go with them," Lexi said with an anxious look on her face. "I understand if you don't want to..."

"No no, it's not that," I said, cutting her off. "I just zoned out for a second. Sorry. I can definitely take you back to the hotel. It's no problem. And I would love to keep talking."

Lexi's face lit up as she smiled and waved bye to Liz. When we were alone again, I looked down at the bar at our collection of empty glasses. Thinking for a moment, I ordered us 2 glasses of water each. 

"What's wrong?" she said laughing, "Is the college girl drinking you under the table?"

Smiling, I took a drink and said, "No, but I would like to keep enjoying the college girl's company instead of her being a drunk mess. I'm enjoying this."

Surprise covered Lexi's face for a moment before she said, "Yea...yea. I am too. Thanks."

We continued to talk until 2am when the bar closed. Even though we had stopped drinking a while ago, I didn't want to take a chance so I got my phone out and ordered us an UBER. 5 minutes later we were on the way to the hotel and Lexi held my arm and rested her head on my shoulder for the entire ride as we talked.

We pulled up to the hotel and Lexi chewed her lip for a moment before saying, "Would you mind coming up for a little bit? Talking with you as more than just one of your athletes has been amazing and I don't want the night to end yet."

I looked Lexi in the eyes and she quickly looked down. After a moment she looked back up and held my gaze without blinking.

"Are you sure?" I asked. She nodded, her eyes still on mine.

When we got inside she excused herself to the bathroom while I took a seat on the couch to collect my thoughts. After a few moments, Lexi came back into the room and I stood up. She leaned back against the wall just watching me and I slowly walked over to her. I opened my mouth to speak but no words came out. After a few more steps we were face to face, her with a slight smirk on her face.

"Yes?", she asked through a smile. "Is there something you would like to say to me?"

She took my hand in hers and that was it.

I reached up and cupped her face as I moved my lips onto hers. As her lips met mine with the same eagerness and passion, I knew that I wasn't over thinking it and felt assured that she wanted this too. I pushed her back up against the wall as we kissed and I ran my hands up and down her body. I felt her tense up for a moment and not wanting to push things beyond her comfort zone I started to pull back. Before I made it one step away Lexi reached out and grabbed the chest of my shirt, stopping me where I was. I looked down at her flushed face questioningly but she did not let go.

"I'm sorry if that was too aggressive," I said, looking into her eyes. "This is all unexpected...and I would be lying if I said that I didn't want you badly...very badly. But I don't want to do anything that you aren't ready to do. Hell, we don't have to do anything more honestly. What we just did was..."

Lexi put a finger over my lips to shut me up and looked back at me with seemingly more confidence than she actually felt. "Stop. That's not it. I want to do this. I want to do more. It's not just you that wants it. I just...it's a lot. Can we take it slowly please?" 

"Of course," I replied before she pulled me back into her and just like that my lips were on hers again. After what seemed like an eternity she stepped back and pulled her shirt over her head, revealing a black sports bra underneath. 

"Ever the athlete," I said smiling. 

"Of course," she replied before tossing the shirt away and stepping back into my arms. After a while of kissing again, I began to slide my hands up the sides of her body, feeling her tight athletic frame under my hands. I slid them around to the back of her body and slowly moved down until my hands engulfed her amazing ass. I pulled her into me and began to kiss her even harder. As my hands massaged her ass, I felt her start to pull up my shirt. Sadly releasing her ass for a moment, I raised my arms above my head and let her finish pulling the shirt off. My hands were instantly back on her ass and I began to trail my kisses from her lips down the side of her neck. Her arms wrapped around me and pulled me close as I sucked, kissed, and licked my way down to her collarbone and then slowly back up to her lips. 

"Oh my God, that feels so good. You know...it's possible that slowly is over rate...," she cut off as I sucked her bottom lip into my mouth before kissing her again. I kissed my way back down to her neck and bit her softly. She moaned and ran her hands through my hair. I licked her neck with long, powerful strokes before biting her harder. "Oh shit yes," she said as she pulled me hard into her body. She pushed me back and looked at me with desire in her eyes. 

"Bedroom. Now."

Not needing to be told twice, I scooped her up in my arms and carried her into the bedroom. Placing her down on the king size bed, I was back on her in an instant. I reached down and unbuttoned the top button of her jeans before freezing and then looking up. She paused for a moment before giving me a slight nod, telling me it was ok to continue. I unzipped her jeans and then pulled them down and off her legs, uncovering a black lace thong. Before I could head in that direction, Lexi put her hand under my chin and guided me back up to her lips. 

After kissing for a bit longer I pulled back and looked her in the eye before asking, "Can I?"

Again, after a short pause she nodded. I kissed my way from her lips down her neck, licking, sucking, and nibbling as I went. As I kissed down her collarbone, I ran my hands up her bare legs. Kissing my way down between her breasts, I slowly pulled her panties down her legs. She brought her knees up to help me get them off and I tossed them aside. While kissing around the outline of her sports bra, I slid my right hand up her thigh until I reached her now very wet pussy. I looked up at her questioningly wanting permission and she looked back down at me with an exasperated and angry look on her face before nodding. Maybe I was taking the wanting to be sure thing too far? Oh well. I slid a finger into her wet pussy, making her moan softly. I began to slowly move my finger in and out of her before kissing my way back up to her lips. As I began to pick up the pace with my finger, she pulled her mouth off of mine.

"Oh shit yes! Moan!"

"...Moan?", I said as I stopped moving my hand. "Did you just verbally say moan instead of actually moaning?"

"Yes! It's funny because instead of actually moaning you...oh my God. I will explain later. Just keep going!" 

Shrugging, I pushed my finger back inside of her.

"Yeessss! Just like that," she said softly. I pulled my finger out slowly and before she could object I began to play with her clit. She moaned loudly as I rubbed and circled around it. After a few moments, I stopped and brought my finger to my mouth and sucked all of her juices off.

"Holy shit you taste amazing," I said. Lexi sat up and pulled the sports bra off over her head, showing me her perfect breasts for the first. They were the perfect size for a handful and her hard nipples were begging to be sucked on. I pushed her back onto the bed and quickly sucked one of her nipples into my mouth. My tongue flicked and circled while she moaned. I reached down and began to play with her clit again as I switched and took the other nipple into my mouth. Lexi ran her hands over the muscles of my back as I alternated between her nipples and played with her clit. I bit down lightly on one of her nipples and she squealed as she raked her nails down my back. I pulled off her nipple and smiled, knowing that that was going to leave marks. After sucking on each nipple one more time, I kissed my way down to her sexy abs and licked a trail around them. Then I began to kiss and suck my way down her stomach to her groin. With long powerful strokes of my tongue, I licked my way down to the insides of her thighs and began to suck my way back up towards her deliciously dripping wet pussy. I could not wait to get to that delicious nectar. But it wasn't time yet. Right before my mouth got to her pussy, I switched to the other thigh and began to lick and suck my way down and back up. 

"Jesus, Carter! Please!!", Lexi said, the irritation evident in her voice.

"Please what Lexi," I asked before going back to my sucking.

"Just do it already!"

"Just do what baby?"

".....Please, go down on me," she said after a pause.

"Do what now?" I asked annoyingly.

"Eat my pussy!"

"That's all I needed to hear," I said before diving into her dripping wet pussy. It was everything I could have ever hoped for. She tasted slightly salty and very sweet at the same time, and it was fucking incredible. I licked from the bottom to the top of her pussy before sucking her lips into my mouth and getting as much of that nectar as I could. I pushed my tongue as far into her pussy as I could and licked up towards her g-spot before pulling back and sucking her lips back into my mouth. Kissing my way down to the bottom of her pussy, I then began to suck my way up until I sucked her clit into my mouth and attacked it with my tongue. Moaning and writhing under my assault on her pussy, Lexi wrapped her legs around my head, squeezing and making it hard to breath. Instead of trying to get away, I kissed my way back down her pussy and kept going down. I licked her asshole and pushed my tongue slightly inside, making her jump and release my head. Before she could say anything, I moved back up and sucked her clit into my mouth again as I reached up and pinched and tugged on one of her nipples. As I focused on her clit, I slid a finger inside her pussy and began to quickly fuck her with my finger, still continuing to suck and lick her clit. 

"Oh God, I'm going to cum," Lexi said softly. Ready to push her over the edge, I pushed my finger in deep and began to stroke her g-spot. I switched from sucking to roughly circling her clit with my tongue. I felt her pussy swell and then clench and convulse right as she moaned loudly and trapped my head between her thighs again. More juice and wetness leaked from her pussy and I sucked, licked, and drank it all up, careful to make sure none of it went to waste. 

I tried to move back up to her clit but she pushed my face away saying, "no no no, it's too sensitive. No more..."

I kissed my way back up her body and kissed her on the lips. She kissed me back lightly, not seeming to enjoy the taste, but not pulling away. She's crazy for not loving that taste. I laid down in the bed next to her and she laid her head on my chest. I reached down and adjusted my dick in my pants so it wasn't blatantly obvious how hard I was. I didn't want to pressure her into anything and while I would LOVE if more happened, I wasn't necessarily looking for anything in return. The motion caught Lexi's eyes though and she looked down, and then back up at me. 

I shook my head and said, "you don't have to do anything. I take pleasure in giving you pleasure."

Rolling her eyes, Lexi moved off of my chest and kissed down my body. When she got to my waist, she unbuttoned my pants, slid them and my boxers over my ass, and down my legs before throwing them somewhere in the room. Taking my dick in her hand, Lexi began to slowly jack me off. I groaned and closed my eyes as her hand went to work. After a few moments, I felt her hot, wet mouth engulf my dick and it felt amazing. I looked down and watched her sliding my dick in and out of her mouth while her hand continued to pump. Lexi's mouth on my dick with her blonde hair cascading down her shoulders and into my lap is one of the sexiest things I have ever seen in my life. She began to pick up the pace as she stroked and sucked, taking time to stop and slowly lick from the bottom to the top of my dick. She pulled me out of her mouth and kissed down the length. She licked my balls before gently sucking one into her mouth. Kissing back up the length, she took my dick back into her mouth and went down until my dick was in her throat before gagging and pulling back. After pausing for a second to catch her breath, Lexi started bobbing up and down on my dick, keeping her lips tight and creating friction while loudly slurping up any excess saliva. The sight and sound alone were enough to make me cum but it was when she went down deep and took me in her throat again that pushed me to the edge.

"Oh, baby that feels so good," I said. "I'm not going to last much longer."

Lexi slowed the pace down, reached up, and gently stroked my face as her mouth continued to work on my dick. Her index finger started playing with my lip and I took it into my mouth and sucked it for a moment before she pulled away. I looked down to the beautiful sight of her mouth on my dick and as I did, I saw her sliding a finger in and out of her pussy. I closed my eyes again and tried to fight the urge to cum, hoping to make this last a little bit longer. As I concentrated on not cumming, I felt a finger circle my butthole. Before I could say anything, Lexi pushed her finger, wet from being in her pussy, slightly into my ass and at the same time began to bob up and down while still jacking my off to the rhythm of her bobbing.
