 The glow from the television illuminates the dark room, showing my body lying prone on the couch, my eyes glued to the screen. The action playing through sending shivers of excitement and need coursing through my body as my fingers idly roam over my taut breasts and down my belly, caressing and teasing wantonly. My eyes zeroed in, watching him lick and bite his way down her naked body, her moans loud and unrestrained. Nimble fingers copycat the players on the screen, rubbing the wetness growing between my thighs, soaking through the thin satin panties. Closing and opening my eyes in pleasure, watching in delight, as I slide the fabric down my smooth legs and let them drop to the floor, then dragging my fingertips back up, massaging eagerly. My fingers mimic his hard cock slamming into her, my moans getting louder and louder, my naked body covered in a sheen of sweat. 

As you walk into the door, your body sore and worn from a hard day at work, your ears perk up at the sounds emanating from the living room. Curious, you follow the moans to the doorway of the living room and see me sprawled on the couch, my skin flushed in the dim lights. Stepping closer, the images on the screen become clearer and your body reacts, hardening in arousal; your eyes moving from my prone form and back to the television, shocked, and yet fascinated. Hungrily you watch me thrash in passion, my eyes closed, my back arched, my head thrown back and legs spread wide as my agile fingers work their magic, my thoughts centered on the feeling growing in my belly and the fantasy of you doing to me what he is doing to her in the film. 

You inch closer, drawn to me, a hand straying to rub the bulge at your crotch, a raw groan escaping your lips. You massage the head in circles through your tweed pants, growing hotter as they expand, giving room to your ever increasing member encased in their depths. Stealthily you kneel beside the couch, your face mere inches from a bare foot, your breath catching wildly as the smell assaults you, desire and need even more evident on your face. 

I open my eyes and cry out, shocked and embarrassed at being caught in such a position. Then the tension and hunger unmistakable on your face registers in my pleasure-laden mind. With a smile, I beckon you to me, sitting up as you come and kneel between my legs on the floor, resting your hands on my quivering thighs, stroking in circles, massaging up and down the expanse of pliant skin. I lean back, watching you in wonder and delight, my body's temperature increasing steadily with each pass of your hands. Reaching underneath my hips and gripping my buttocks, you pull me closer and inhale the musky scent of my sex, then tentatively flick it with your tongue. 

Held immobile by your hands, I jerk against your hold, the feel of your tongue and breath overwhelming me. Reveling in the reaction you had rung, you explore leisurely, slow and fast, hard and soft, driving me wild with your mouth and tongue. I cry out even louder as my hands clamp on your hair, pulling you even closer as you expertly suck and roll the bud of my clitoris in your lips, leaving me quaking in an incredible mixture of pleasure and pain. Licking the cleft from top to bottom, leaving no space uncharted, you delve your tongue deep inside me, and I rocket off the couch, driving you even deeper, your nose nudging the bud. Your ministrations leave me begging and on fire, burning up from the inside out, and I explode in a rush, as you lap it all up, your mouth working to drink it all down as I slowly come off of the high, now all the more needy and wanting to have your body. 

Your kisses break my reverie, your lips hot on my clammy skin, branding a trail up my stomach between my breasts and to my lips, giving me a taste of my own juices. I pull you down to my body then roll over, giving myself the upper hand and start to remove your clothes, tearing some in my haste to have your naked flesh pressing to mine. Unbuttoning your trousers is a wonderful task, your erection in my hand as soon as I release it from the restraints. 

Kissing you, I take your tongue and stroke it with mine, mimicking the motion with my hand on your cock, stroking lazily, lifting my hand up and down slowly, and then twisting my wrist, opening my mouth to gather your moans between my lips. You begin thrusting into my hand, flexing and lifting your hips, helping yourself to the pleasures I offer. My lips cover your face in butterfly kisses then pull your earlobe into my hot mouth, nibbling it, sucking on the sensitive cartilage in rhythm to my lower assistance, leaving you gaping and bucking. Still lower my mouth goes, down your expansive chest, licking teasingly at your belly button, tickling the hollow of your hip, until I kneel between your legs, much the same position you had been in. 

From here, I look up, watching the bliss in your face and I grip more firmly, tightening my fist around your engorged manhood, and then lower my mouth to the very tip. First you feel nothing more than the wisp of my warm breath and then the moistness of my tongue and suddenly you groan as you fill the void in my mouth and throat. My lips pull and release your penis, dragging teeth very lightly in the wake of my tongue, removing my hand from your shaft to stroke your sac gently, squeezing lightly. Faster and faster, harder and harder my mouth works as moans and my name escape your fevered lips. Unable to take little more, your hands guide me, moving me up and down, as you would like, begging for release as your balls tighten in my hand. 

With a groan you pull me up to your mouth, kiss me quickly and turn me around, needing to be sheathed in my heat. You pull me down onto your lap, your cock taut and aching, quivering against my wetness, as you find purchase and thrust. In amazement I scream your name, marveling at the incredible fullness. Arching my back into you, I writhe on your lap as your hands knead my breasts, pinching and pulling the nipples to their optimum rigidity. I reach back, grabbing onto your neck, pulling your head close to mine, your lips flaming on the nape of my neck, then the hollow of my throat, sucking on the pulse that resides there. Your hands move lower, gripping my hips firmly, forcing yourself deeper and harder, tingling with the tightness and heat of my womb. I tighten around your member, rocking and lifting against it, squeezing you tight inside me. In a wild frenzy you go even harder and I cry out, as you send me over the edge, leaving me quivering on your cock, liquids flooding from between my legs, pooling on your thighs and lap. 

Breathless and throbbing, I return to reality, and you lift me up, setting me on my hands and knees where you had been sitting. Pressing my head down you rub my ass and slowly press forward, inching your cock back inside me. You pull out leisurely, then with a moan slam back into me, your sac slapping against me with a wet crack. I gasp, arching my back and pressing myself firmly against you. Over and over you repeat the process; slow retreat and quick thrust, tormenting my fevered body. Your body tightens with the need for release, so with a groan you pick up the pace, slamming into my body harder and faster, urging me to hold you tight inside me. I rock back and forth matching your pace, breathing raggedly as my body jerks back and forth with the force of your thrusts. Sensing my rising climax, you reach around and finger my clit, pushing me over the edge. My nails dig into the couch as I scream, my body a mass of quaking muscles and nerves. The throbbing of my sex milks your cock, and you're unable to hold back any longer. You expel your hot cum inside me, coating my insides and again pushing me over the top. Slowly you collapse against me, spooning my body to yours, your heart pounding in time to mine. Contentment rises in the air around us as we slowly drift off to sleep.