 In from work a little early, my wife had left a note saying she had to run to the local grocery store. And would be gone about two and a half-hours. She had written what time she had left and I still had two hours before she would be home. So I got out my favorite XXX DVD and put it in the player. I was about three minutes into a good blowjob when the phone rang. It was my wife said she was going to be a couple more hours later than she thought. She had got paged to go into work and would have to come back and finish her shopping after work. I'll be in about 10:30 tonight so find your own supper. 

Looking at my watch I saw it was gonna be a good fours hours till she got home. So I pushed play to resume the blowjob on the big screen. There was this blonde babe about five one, with a great ass and 40DD's to go with it. She was sucking a dick that was about eight and a half inches long. She was sucking on the head and then she opened her mouth fully and started taking the shaft all the way into her mouth. She started to gag and then it all disappeared into her mouth, her nose was buried into his pubic hair. Then she pulled back and had her mouth about an inch from his dick, and then she spit a big wad of spit onto the head of his dick, and put her mouth back on his dick with a slurping sound. She then pulled her mouth away from his dick as spit trailed from the head of his dick to her bottom lip. This was the last thing I remember before I fell asleep.

I was woke up to something very sharp being poked into the top of my head. Forgetting about the movie playing, I looked up through sleepy eyes to my amazement it was my mother-in-law. Now, my mother-in-law, for lack of a better term, is what you call a goody two shoe. Never cusses or swears or anything like that. Doesn't drink or smoke. Now, with that behind us she has a damn good body. Perfect size tits. A nice ass, and a flat stomach. Never would you think she was a forty-three year old mother of four. Realizing that the movie was still playing I reached up and turned off the movie. I then looked back at her and said, "how long have you been here?"

"Long enough to realize you should be ashamed of yourself."

" What would your wife, my daughter thing about what you are doing."

"Well she knows about these movies I have and she has even watched them with me," I said.

"Oh she has, has she!" I said, " maybe you should watch one they are REAL good."

"Well maybe I will one day."

"What exactly are you doing here anyway?" I ask. Disgusted she said, "my daughter ask me to bring you supper over because she had to work late, but apparently you had other plans."

Then, the next thing that happened almost made me thing that I had died. My goody two shoe mother-in-law said, "are you going to turn on the TV, or am I going to have to do it myself." I said "What!?"

"Are you going to turn it back on?" And with that she moved over and set down on the couch across from me. So I obliged and turn it back on. As the scene starts up it's the blond with another guy and she is giving him a blowjob. I'm like freaking out; I'm watching a hardcore porno movie with my mother-in-law. I glance over in her direction to see how she is reacting. She looks as if she is enjoying is so I turn up the volume a little so you can hear the blonde slurping on this guys dick, and her moaning with every stroke. Then the couple on the TV starts to fuck and they are really going at it. Moaning and screaming, so I look over to see if she is looking away or has her eyes closed. She doesn't she is watching them closer than I do when I'm watching. I get up and walk over to her couch and say, "are you ok?" She looks over at me and plants a big slurpy kiss on my lips. She then parts my lips with her tongue and slides her tongue into my mouth. Now if that wasn't enough she then pulled away from me and said, "I'm so fucking horny right now!" 

Now if you think I was thrown for a loop when she wanted to watch this; how do you think I feel now? My mouth kind of dropped open when she said that I just kind of looked at her. She then reached over and started to rub my thigh. Her hand then moved up to my crotch and found my rock hard dick. "Looks like somebody has the same thought in mind that I do!" Now I know I'm dreaming. With that she pulls on the elastic of my shorts, and since I was home just out of the shower I didn't have on underwear. She pulled my dick out with her hand and said, "just what I need for my horniness." And with that she put her mouth on the head of my dick. She eased her mouth down over my dickhead, down the shaft and took in all my seven inches without even gagging. She then pulled her head back until her mouth just covered my head. The shaft was glistening with her salvia. She then started to pump my dick with her hand keeping the head in her mouth. Then, she pulled my dick completely out of her mouth. She then told me to get up and set in the floor with my legs spread. 

When I stood up she pulled my shorts the rest of the way down and told me to lose the shirt, which I did. I set down in the floor and spread my legs just like she said. As I'm setting there she starts to undress. First her shirt, then here sweat pants. Now the clothes she wears doesn't do her body justice. It was even better than I had imagined. She then undid her bra and let it fall to the floor. She then slide her panties down and stepped out of them. She then got on the floor and knelt down and went to work back on my dick. Once again she took all seven inches without gagging, only this time she was staring me right in the eyes. Now she was really work on my cock. It was now so wet with spit that it was running down over her hand and fingers. She then swapped hands and took her spit-covered finger and started playing with my asshole. Which made me moan in ecstasy. She then looked at me and said, "you like that huh?" All I could do was nod in enjoyment. She then took her finger and started to work it into my asshole. Slowly at first then picked up the pace till she was finger fucking my asshole at the same rhythm she sucking my cock. 

I let out a moan and said, "I'm fixing to cum!"

She stopped sucking and said, "not yet your not."

"I've got plans for you." With that she stood up and walked up closer to me. Her pussy was inches from my face and I could smell her juices. She eased up closer and said, "Eat me!"

"What!?" I said not sure if I heard her right. "EAT MY PUSSY!" she said. Yep heard her right. So I reached around and grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her closer to me. By this time her pussy was so wet it was dripping onto my tongue. I slid my tongue into her pussy and she let out the biggest moan I've ever heard. I then took my tongue and started to flick her clit back and forth. "OOOOOOHHHHHHHHH that fells wonderful!" she exclaimed. "Don't stop" So I picked up the place a little and I could feel her legs getting weak. So I eased her down to the floor and moved back between her legs, and continued flicking her clit with my tongue. Since she was already so wet I took my fingers and started to rub her pussy. I then inserted a finger into her pussy and it went in so easy that I decided to go for two. Before you know it I had all four working in and out of her pussy. All the while I'm still flicking her clit. Then she started to squirm under my mouth and I knew an orgasm was on the way.

Just then she moaned, "OOOOOOHHH I'm gonna cum!" And with that she started to cum. I could taste her sweet juices running over my tongue. She then stopped me and grabbed my ears and pulled me up to her. She then started to lick her juices from my chin and mustache, then kissed me and slid her tongue into my mouth to get any of her juices out of there. 

She then looked me in the eyes and said, "I want you to FUCK ME!" 

She then laid back onto the floor and I got on my knees between her legs. Knowing how wet she was I grabbed the shaft of my dick and guided it toward her waiting pussy. I eased my dick past her pussy lips and it slid all the way in with no effort what so ever. She then raised her legs up and put her feet on my shoulders and said, "now fuck me good." I started to work my cock in and out of her pussy. Slowly at first, but picking up speed. She was moaning again except it was louder this time. "OOOHHH YEA that's it right there fuck that pussy!"

"You like my pussy wrapped around that hard dick of yours?"

" I've watched you watching me I know you like this."

"Don't you?" 

"Yes I do, I masturbate thinking about you all the time."

"I've wanted to fuck you for a long time." 

"Well you are getting your wish."

She then moaned and said, "OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH YYYYYYEEEEESSSSSSS I'm gonna cum again! OHHHHHH YYYYESSSS I'm Cuuuuuuummmmming OHH FUCK am I cumming!"

I then said, "I gonna cum too!"

She said, "stop! I want to taste your cum!"

So I pulled my dick out of her pussy and straddled her chest right in between her tits. She then told me to move over onto my back, which I did. She then took my dickhead into her mouth and started to pump the shaft with her hand. I knew I was getting close and she did too so she started to pick up the pace of her hand. Keeping her mouth on the head of my dick.

I then started to quiver a little and said, "I'm gonna cum!"

"OOOOOHHH YEEESSSS I'm CUMMING!"

She kept on pumping my dick with her hand keeping her mouth on the head of my dick, swallowing my cum. A little dripped out of her mouth and on to my stomach. She kept on pumping my dick until it started to shrink, making sure she got every ounce of cum. She then licked what had dripped on to my stomach and then said, "got it all, I love the taste of cum." And then licked her lips. I then set up and kissed her long, realizing that she really loves the taste of cum, cause the only thing I tasted in her mouth was her juices!