 Before shutting down my computer for the day, I open the email and read it one last time. A thrill races through me as I think of the evening ahead. “Jaimee,” I whisper, his name lingering on my lips. I am to meet him, finally, after months of chatting and trading emails; some are nothing more than delightful conversations of likes and dislikes, hobbies, etc. Other times, they are deep, reflective chats, allowing the trust to build, the friendship to flourish. Although the topic at times revolves around sex, we never take it to the level of online eroticy... yet I cannot deny the underlying current of sexual awareness that passes between us each time we talk. How can you feel such things about someone you've never met? About someone with whom you have never shared such intimacy? I can't explain how... I can only tell you it is very much a possibility. 

His email asks me to meet him after work, at the Park 75 Lounge and Terrace of the Four Seasons Hotel for cocktails, after which we will decide on dinner. There is no need to go home before meeting him... my office houses a private restroom, a wonderful concept on days like this one. I lock my office door to the outside world at 5:00 and turn on the answering service, wanting no interruptions as I prepare for what will be turn out to be the most exciting, unbelievable experience I could have hoped for. With 45 minutes to spare, I hurry to the other room.

Removing my clothes, I open the closet to extract the necessary items I will need. I open the fragrant vanilla cream I so love to use, inhaling the scent deeply before applying it to my bare skin. As always happens, I feel the burning ache begin low in my belly as the scent winds its way into my senses. As I re-apply my makeup, I wonder if he will be taken by what he sees. Brushing my long, wavy hair, I can't help but imagine the feel of his hands sifting through it. Sliding carefully into my dress of deep red, I imagine his hand on my back, left bare by the wonderful imagination of the dress designer. Once dressed, I apply Tuscany to my pulse points, and to a few hidden areas... just in case. Combined with the vanilla, I am incredibly tempted to indulge in a bout self-pleasure... but the upcoming meeting takes priority. Minimal jewelry is needed - simple earrings, a bracelet, and a couple of rings. My nails were perfected the night before, the color matching my dress. Slipping into the red color-matched, strappy sandals, I shiver in anticipation of the evening ahead, intuition telling me that it will be extraordinary.

One last look in the chival mirror in the corner of my office, and I am ready to go. Excitement and a tiny amount of trepidation fill me as I turn off the lights and lock the door behind me. Although we both live near Atlanta, and work within blocks of each other, Jaimee and I decided long ago not to rush into a meeting. We agreed that, until it felt right, it wasn't to be done. Tonight feels right.

I enter the Four Seasons, making my way to the Lounge with even steps... not hurried, but clearly not wanting to wait another minute. I enter, and immediately feel that he isn't there yet. I look around the room, but every male I see is not alone. That is fine with me, as it allows me another few minutes to collect my thoughts and school my nervousness. Deciding to order a drink while I wait, I make my way to the bar, slipping onto a stool and requesting a glass of Zinfandel. I sip it slowly, watching people enter and leave. The bartender returns, and as I am about to tell him I'm fine with what I have, he sets an unopened bottle of the same wine on the counter. He slides an envelope towards me, and says he was requested to give it to me, in addition to the wine. Intrigued, I slide a nail under the flap of the envelope and extract the note inside. My heart begins to race, my nerves begin to thrum as I read the words neatly printed on cream-colored paper. "Savannah… bring the wine upstairs to the Presidential Suite, 19th floor. The key is enclosed, but do not turn on the light when you enter. I will help you find your way."

Standing outside the door to the suite, I take several deep breaths before inserting the key. As the door opens, I step into a small foyer, and see that it turns to the right, not allowing me to see any further into the suite. The door closes behind me with a soft click, causing my nerves to jump wildly. The thrill of adventure has far overpowered the fear of the unknown. I know instinctively that this is to be a night to remember; I know he will not harm me. “Jaimee?” I call out softly.

A hand touches my face in a light caress, startling me. “Savannah…”  The surprise quickly fades, replaced with warmth as a voice whispers, "Don't be afraid... I have waited and wanted to meet you for so long. I will not harm you, only pleasure you. Take my arm, please." As I curl my fingers around his arm, I notice it how soft his skin is, and though his arm is firm, he doesn't appear to be muscular. Though I have never seen even a picture of him, I am not concerned about this. I am drawn to his spirit, his soul. This is what I wish to know of him, to explore with him. 

I allow him to lead me to another room, and he does so with ease. We are in the living quarters, he tells me, as he seats me on a sofa. He kneels before me, sliding my sandals off, caressing each foot as he bares it. He rises, and I feel him sit beside me, not touching. I open my lips to speak, and suddenly his lips are on mine, softly seeking. He tentatively brushes his tongue over my lower lip, and I am lost. I want to touch him, to study his face with my fingertips, to memorize him. 

As if sensing my thoughts, my needs, Jaimee draws back. A moment passes before he whispers once again, "I have waited for this moment. Savannah… you are so very important to me, and I want to share myself with you. But first... I need to know that you will accept me no matter what you discover." Overcome with tenderness for this man I am meeting for the first time, yet know almost as well as I know myself, I agree. I feel him stand, taking my wrist in his hand and pulling me up with him. Stepping closer, yet not close enough for his body to brush mine, Jaimee cups my face in his hands, lowering his lips to mine... brushing lightly, sipping gently, before parting mine with his tongue, so soft, so wet. My heart is racing out of control, my breathing uneven, desire flowing in rivers throughout my body. How can a simple kiss do this? I wonder. It is at this time I realize he is not much taller than I am, perhaps a couple of inches taller. Again, I am okay with this discovery. 

Jaimee deepens the kiss, and I am lost once more. He takes my wrists, placing my hands on his hips. I am surprised at the slimness of his body, but not in the least turned off. It is his mind that draws me, his spirit that excites me, his soul that captivates me. I am fiercely attracted to him in ways I didn't know were possible.

I feel him tremble as I make my way up his toned body. I tremble as well, from mounting desire, wanting his hands to caress my heated flesh, needing him to tame the fires burning deep inside. As I continue my trek upwards, my hands curve inward on a waistline unlike any I've ever encountered on a man, and my breath lodges in my throat, my hands still. Realization hits me hard, and I am unable to speak, to utter a sound. The kiss stops; there is no sound in the room. I find my voice, whispering softly, "Jaimee?" 

"Yes...,” comes the whispered reply. 

Of their own volition, my fingers stretch higher, reaching, seeking... at last, finding. Desire, trepidation, excitement, and overwhelming lust fill me as my hands curve over the full, luscious breasts of the woman standing before me. 

I should be angry, but I can’t bring myself to confront her. It isn’t about being a woman or being a man… it isn’t about discovering that I was led to believe one thing, only to find it isn’t what I expected. It is all about the woman in front of me, the woman who, through emails and chats, has become the person I feel closest to in my life. She is the woman who knows my strengths, my weaknesses… who knows my dreams, my goals, my fears, and yes, my desires; the woman with whom I can share anything, and not feel at all judged or inferior. No, Jaimee never told me she wasn’t a man, but she never told me she was, either… and as I stand before her, I want nothing more than to take her into my arms and love her as she has never been loved before.

Releasing her breasts, my fingers trail to her throat, dancing lightly over her skin as I cup her face between my palms. Stepping forward, at once bringing my lips to hers, the tips of my aching breasts brushing hers. Lightly, I trace her lower lip with my tongue, tasting such sweetness as I have never known before. Her lips part on low moan, inviting me inside for a more thorough tasting. My tongue dips inside, flickering lightly the tip of her tongue, and I smile against her lips when she nips my tongue with her teeth. The smile quickly fades on a moan of pleasure as she expertly draws me deeper into her mouth, sucking forcefully on my tongue with her full lips. One hand slides behind her head, finding her hair is swept back neatly… but this won’t do. No, I need to feel her hair in my hands, winding around my fingers, sliding against my skin. 

I release the clip holding her silken tresses, letting it fall as she continues her gentle, but erotic, assault on my mouth. The scent of her hair immediately fills my senses, and I pull my lips from hers to bury my face in the mass of silk, inhaling deeply. This only serves to fuel the fire raging deep within, and she takes advantage of this to slide her own hand into my hair, winding it gently, but firmly, around her fingers. Tugging my head back, exposing my neck, her head lowers to me, her lips upon my throat, tongue trailing softly over my skin… her lips finding my pulse, tongue flickering, gently sucking. My knees begin to buckle; we slide to the plush carpeting in a tangle of limbs. 

Holding her head with one hand, I capture her lips once again, this time not as patient as before. Thrusting my tongue into her mouth, dueling with hers, I lower my other hand to unbutton her blouse. As I release the first one, my lips trail down her chin, over her throat to the bare flesh beyond. She is murmuring words of encouragement, letting me know she very much likes the way I touch her, and this knowledge heightens my desire to bring her pleasure again and again. Cupping her breasts outside her blouse, I lift them, pressing them together, my thumbs slowly circling her nipples, flicking, and lower my head. Hovering for a moment, I imagine the sight of her full breasts in my hands, her exposed flesh mounding above her bra, and lower my head further, my nose at her cleavage, inhaling her scent deeply. Her fragrance, very much like mine, yet still so much her own, intoxicates me, and I have to have her… soon. 

Fighting the urge to quickly remove all clothing and make love to her sweet body with my hands and mouth, to taste her as she flows, to make her come again and again and again, I place kisses along the tops of her creamy white breasts, listening as her breathing becomes shallow and her moans of pleasure roll over me. I allow my tongue to slide down between her breasts, licking a path, flickering quickly, yet my warm mouth is no match for her hot skin. Lifting my head a bit, I blow a cool stream of air between her breasts, a smile on my face as her back arches, pressing her breasts deeper into my hands, her nipples so tight and hard against my palms. Jaimee moans again, pressing her hips to mine, and I thrust against her slowly as her hands slide down my back. I shiver, arching into her when her hands reach my ass, cupping it in both hands, squeezing gently, her fingertips pressing for an instant into my cleft. So quick is the touch that I don’t register it until it’s gone. 

The lights are still out, and though I want to see Jaimee, to look into her eyes, there is a delicious thrill in knowing I am slithering along the flesh someone I have never laid eyes on. Suddenly, she rolls us, pulling me beneath her. I laugh softly into her ear, pleased to have found someone who enjoys being pliant one second, and taking charge the next, just as I do. Her lips find my neck, alternately licking and sucking, biting gently. I feel her lips curve into a smile as I gasp, the laughter quickly becoming a moan of desire, a whimper of need. 

“I want you, Jaimee,” I whisper into her ear, licking her lobe. She responds with a gentle bite to my lower lip, tugging it with her lips, sucking at the same time she slides her tongue along it. 

Her hands are holding mine on either side of my head, and I turn to lick her wrist, to run my tongue along the tips of her fingers before sucking one deeply into my mouth, pushing it out with my tongue, repeating the motion again and again. 

“Savannaaahh…,” she hisses, her lips trailing down my neck, down to my breasts. She releases the hand not held captive by my mouth, cupping my breast, squeezing it gently as her lips find my nipple through my dress. The hot wetness of her mouth, the pressure of her tongue as she flicks across my nipple, the suction of her lips as she draws it deep into her mouth, material and all, is too much to bear. 

“Yesssss, you know what I need, don’t you?” I moan softly. My legs part beneath her, wrapping around her hips, ankles locking just under her tight ass. Her lips on my breast, her finger in my mouth, I tighten my legs around her, lifting her and pressing her mound into mine as I thrust against her. My free hand cups her head, fisting in her hair, holding her to me as I arch beneath her. 

“Is this what you want, love?” Jaimee asks, as she gently bites my nipple. 

“Yes… YES!” I cry out, pleasure washing over my body, wet heat drenching my panties. 

“Savannah,” she murmurs, switching to my other breast, “your pussy is so hot!” She bites my other nipple. “And it just got hotter… you are so responsive!” she says, a satisfied smile in her voice as I thrust against her once again. Her hand slides from my breast, over my stomach, plunging between us as I rock into her. Her fingers tease through my panties, pressing the damp material between my lips. Her mouth finds mine once again, a kiss of urgency, smothering the hiss I can’t hold back, her tongue thrusting deeply. “Damn, you are so wet. I’ve never known another to cream as you do.” These are her words as her fingers slip beneath the edge, sinking into me in one push. Two fingers, pushing, stroking, thrusting, curling. Pulling them out, she brings them to her lips, tasting me for the first time. “You smell like heaven, and taste even sweeter. Here…”, and she offers her fingers to me. I hungrily latch onto them, hearing her swift intake of breath, as if she didn’t believe that I would actually accept her offer. Having taken her by surprise, I decide to do so again.

Still wrapped around her body, I roll her backwards, straddling her, her surprised laughter mingling with mine. With trembling fingers, I hastily remove her pants, wanting to linger, but giving in to her tugs on my hands, urging me upward. Hurriedly doing away with the remaining buttons of her blouse, I push it away from her breasts and belly. Unwilling to take time to remove her bra, I lift one breast from its cup, immediately taking the nipple between my lips, tugging firmly as my tongue circles the tip. Her fingers wind through my hair, both hands holding my head to her. Her legs are around my waist, as mine were around hers only moments before. 

“Oh, yes… Savannah! Don’t stop, please don’t stop!” she begs, her crotch against my stomach, grinding into me.  Tugging her bra lower, I expose her other breast, cupping it in my hand, teasing the nipple, pinching lightly. I can tell by the increased moaning that she loves this. “More!” she demands, her head thrashing side to side. 

Raising my head, I ask in a voice dripping with lust, “More? How much more, Jaimee? Like this?” and press her breasts together, taking both nipples into my mouth at once, sucking strongly as her body bucks up against mine. “Or this?” I tease, as I tug both nipples with my fingers, twisting gently, while my tongue dances along the valley between them. “Or maybe, just maybe…, “ I whisper softly, taunting her with tenderness as I move so that I no longer straddle her, “… you would rather I do this…” Kneeling between her parted thighs, my hands slip under her, cupping her ass firmly, quickly lifting her hips to my eager mouth. I pause only a moment to inhale her scent before spearing my tongue into her waiting mound. Not having removed her panties along with her pants, I am surprised when my tongue sinks into wet feminine flesh. Surprised, but not disappointed in the least. Crotch-less panties… my mind screams this knowledge, even as I groan with pleasure.

As I taste of this incredibly erotic woman I have yet to lay eyes on, the urgency of moments before seems to vanish. In its place is the desire to take my time, to bring her to the edge again and again without letting her fall. I slide to a sitting position; my arms wrap around her thighs from underneath, allowing my fingers to slide into her pussy from the top, parting her lips, opening her to me. Her ass rests on my chest. Spreading her lips, I bow to her, placing my open mouth on her, and blow a stream of hot air over her clit, earning a shriek of pleasure from Jaimee. Her hips are rotating, thrusting madly as my tongue flickers teasingly over her clit, not allowing the direct stimulation she craves. My hold on her tightens in an attempt to control her wildly undulating body, my mouth never leaving her sweetness. Once again, my tongue slides deep into her, thrusting in and out, fucking her hot, wet hole. I can feel my own pussy becoming wetter with each thrust, and I can’t wait to be treated to her lovemaking. 

Her muscles are working, clamping around my tongue, sucking my tongue deeper and deeper into her. Slowly, soooo slowly, I ease my tongue from her tunnel, stroking gently over her perineum. Further back, until my tongue brushes her rosebud, bringing yet another shout of pleasure; the barest of licks, enough to tease… and promise… and I am back to her hole, slipping in and out quickly, moving higher to circle her clit. My fingers continue to stroke her, my tongue winding between. Grasping her clit between two fingers, I wiggle them quickly as the tip of my tongue bathes it. 

“Oh my…. GOD!” Jaimee screams, her excitement spurring my actions. 

Lifting my head, I breathe, “Tell me what you want, Jaimee.” 

“I – I don’t know! Anything. Everything!” 

“Oh, no, Baby. That won’t do. I need to know exactly what you want from me,” I murmur against her inner thigh. 

“More… God, please… give me more!” she begs. 

“Of this?” I ask, sliding her clit between my fingers again. 

“YESSS!”, she screams. Suddenly, her body tenses, and I know she is ready to come. Releasing her with one arm, the other hand still stroking her clit, my free hand caresses her ass, smoothing over it, pinching lightly, before sliding up between her thighs, probing her wet folds. I increase the pressure on her clit, once again stroking the tip with my tongue. I feel her hands at my ankles, on either side of her ribs, moving over her body. I sense she is squeezing her breasts, wanting more stimulation. Using my foot, I shove her hands away, my toes replacing her fingers, pinching her nipples between two, tugging them, wiggling my toes as I wiggle my fingers. 

She is so close, so close… her sighs have turned to deep moans, her whispers to whimpers. Tugging her nipples harder, my fingers still on her clit, instead pressing deep on either side. At the same moment I suck her clit hard between my lips, my tongue pressing and stroking it, I thrust two fingers into her dripping pussy, palm up, and the moans become shouts, the whimpers become screams. 
