 Lacey ran across the lawn in a panic, she could see the car approaching and couldn't let a second slip by for fear of getting caught. She reached the car door and swung it open quickly, hopped in and shut it quietly behind her.

'Go, go, go!' She whispered to the driver without looking at him. Her heart was racing with fear and excitement, she could feel her hands shaking and nervousness warming her face. Once they were away from her street she relaxed a little bit. No one could know what she was doing or who she was doing it with. Her chest heaved up and down and she finally looked at the driver, she felt guilty being here with him, but just looking at him stirred up many other feelings that could simply not be ignored.

'Hey,' she said quietly, and smiled shyly. She had only dreamed of what was happening and now that it was, she had no idea what to say. He only smiled at her coyly, and suddenly the urge to pounce on him right there in the driver's seat almost overwhelmed her.

'Pull over here,' she whispered to him, biting her lip and not taking her eyes from him.

'My car isn't bugged, you know,' He laughed lightly, then glanced over to her face and dropped the smile. Pure desire was pouring off her and when he looked into her eyes it stung him desperately, pulling at him, but he wanted to savour these moments.

'I saw a spot that I thought would be perfect,' He said with a light gulp. She was unconsciously squeezing her thighs in anticipation, still not knowing the right words to say but knowing exactly what she wanted, what she needed. Now.

She closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair, trying to think of something else so she didn't seem so ravenous, waiting for the car to stop. When it finally did, she almost stopped breathing, suddenly very aware of what she was about to do and that he was right there with her, finally within arm's reach. 

'I'm sorry I'm so paranoid, you know what it's like for me,' she said shakily, trying not to jump straight into things.

'That's okay, just try and relax,' he said and turned to her, which made her heart almost leap out of her throat. He's going to touch me, oh God, he's finally going to touch me, she thought to herself. Lacey's blood was racing in her body, her mind complete jelly, she wondered for a moment what he must be seeing while looking at her, if she was actually maintaining cool composure or if she looked like a half drowned kitten. Maybe he was feeling the same? Probably not. He was the pair's ringleader, cool, calm and collected, but she knew he wanted her badly, he had made that very clear in their communications. He was more likely dying in anticipation than nervous about meeting her. 

Of course they'd met a thousand times. Lacey was his girlfriend's good friend and he was her boyfriends best friend. They had casually chatted, drank, played games, watched movies all together for years. Though inside Lacey there was a niggling feeling. She always laughed at his jokes, she genuinely thought they were funny, but then she noticed how she felt when they made eye contact a little too long. How she got nervous all of a sudden when it was just them in the room. She knew she shouldn't feel like that, there was nothing to worry about, but then it dawned on her that she had a little schoolgirl crush.

Lacey never thought anything of it at all, least of all that he might ever feel the same or act on it. Until he visited her by himself one night, claiming he wanted some weed. She felt a rush like nothing else she'd felt before and almost buckled at the knees just at the sight of him at her door. They talked a little bit and she didn't mention anything beyond the usual, though her body screamed for him. He went home, nothing out of the ordinary had happened, but everything had changed. She touched herself that night to images in her mind that she would never have dreamed up if it wasn't for her intense, burning desire for him. 

She was guilt ridden, but her boyfriend had treated her like shit for most of their relationship, so she figured after a while that it evened out. Once her guilt had evaporated there was only one thing to do, she picked up her phone and texted him, the one she wanted with every fiber of her body.

So here she was looking at him, her body eroding her will to stay seated. He reached over to her thigh and caressed it gently, his skin was smooth and so was hers, it was like silk on silk. She couldn't help but let a quiet sigh of eagerness escape her lips. Lacey had dressed in a knee length black dress and let her hair down. The dress had a zip running completely from top to bottom at the front. He had texted her one night after she'd worn it to a party and told her that he liked it, it was also very practical. It had ridden up to halfway up her thigh while she was sitting and his fingers inched closer and closer to the hem, every stroke upward. She could feel the moisture between her legs growing and she was completely paralyzed by his touch. 

'Lacey,' He gently roused her from her trance and her eyes lifted to his. His gaze covered her whole body, she could sense him drinking her in, her gently rising chest, her exposed thighs, her dreamy expression.

'Yeah?'

'Jump in the back.'

'Oh, okay.' She looked to the backseat, clean and spacious, and nodded. She could have just got out and gone through the door but a wicked idea popped into her head. She climbed through, between the front seats, head first, so he got a good glimpse at her wet, pantyless pussy and the sweet scent that it was emitting. She heard him growl softly as she turned and positioned herself kneeling on the back seat. She smiled devilishly at him, gaining confidence from the knowledge that he was aching just as much as she was.

'Come here,' she innocently patted the space beside her for him to sit and he whipped through the seats and sat close next to her. Lacey could smell him now, musky and pleasant, his chest grazing hers as he sat and making her nipples prickle. The rush that followed made her knees weak and the moisture between her legs begin to trickle slowly down her thigh. 

He pushed her hair behind her shoulder, gently and his fingers touched her neck, sending a shiver down her back. Just this simple motion was too much for Lacey, she pounced on his lap, straddling tightly. Gripping his hair she kissed him hard and deep, stopping only to moan with pleasure and yearning. His hands explored her tight, toned body, starting from her knees, up to her thighs to her ass, he lingered there for a few seconds, squeezing and pulling, so tempted to plunge his fingers deep between her thighs. He moved to her stomach, up to her pert tits, squeezing and massaging, pinching her nipples on the outside of her dress.

'Ohh!' She moaned and quickly unzipped the top half of the dress, letting it part and exposing her bare breasts to him. His eyes grew large and in a split second his face was buried in her flesh, sucking, licking and gently biting, 'Uh-huh, yeah, ohh,' his tongue flicking her nipples one by one sent her over the edge, her thighs almost completely soaked with her own juices, wetting his pants where she was sitting on him.

His pants were not only getting damp but hard and sticking into her right thigh. She couldn't believe she hadn't noticed until now, she had been too crazed with the little doses of pleasure he had been giving her. 'Oh, fuck you're so hard,' she gasped as her hand explored his lap beneath her. 

'And you're soaking wet, oh shit,' his cool composure had melted away and he was an animal, hot and hard and desperate to pound this fresh meat. His fingers grazed her pussy lips and they easily glided apart with the slick wetness and he put the same fingers to her mouth, which she lapped at with enthusiasm.

Lacey's eyes trained on his bulge in the dark of the back seat. She decided it had been time enough, they were both in the edge and needed some relief. She got off and sat back beside him. She pulled his waistband down to his knees and watched his long hard cock spring up. It was at least 2 ½ inches bigger than her boyfriend's and thicker too. She eagerly took it at the base in her hand, listening to him groaning in anticipation and began stroking up and down, getting used to the feel and rhythm of him.

His cock head looked so inviting and she found her mouth wrapped around it before she knew what she was doing. She felt his hand at the back of her head, holding her hair gently, guiding his cock down her throat and back up again. She licked and sucked furiously, teasing and indulging in the taste of his precum and flesh. Finally she found her own rhythm, bobbing her head up and down, vigorously sucking up and down, creating a vacuum on his cock. She could hear his groans of pleasure and his breathing getting heavier and heavier until it ceased altogether and she knew to stop, or she wouldn't have any fun with this glorious dick.

'Fucking Christ, Lacey...' He said catching his breath and leaning his head back, 'Who ever knew you were so dirty and so fucking... Perfect at that...' She smiled shyly at him and he lunged at her, kissing her deeply. She wasn't used to that kind of thing after giving head, but he was different and obviously kissing her was more of a priority than avoiding his own taste. 'Lie back.' He ordered in a whisper. He was already half on top of her, so she only had a little way to lie back. He observed her for a few moments and bit his lip, which send a jolt of pure horniness through her. She squirmed with anticipation of his touch. He zipped the rest of her dress apart and pulled it out from underneath her, putting it on the front seat. He looked at her glistening pussy, swollen with desire and sensitive to the touch. 

He placed his hands on either thigh, right up next to her pussy lips and squeezed gently, inching his thumbs closer and closer to her slippery cunt. Her smell was intoxicating, he rolled his eyes and licked his lips, crouching until his face was mere centimeters away from her sweet juices. 

She could feel his breath against her pussy and she wanted to scream. She pictured herself thrusting her hips forward and pushing his head down into it. Her pussy was aching so bad she couldn't feel anything else but him, she spread her legs wider, hooking one over the seats head and laying one over the edge of the seat. Her pussy was completely at his mercy, and when he finally kissed the spot next to it she whimpered so loud he couldn't resist opening his mouth and engulfing her entire cunt with his lips. Her tasty juices filled his mouth and he licked every crevice and inch of skin he could find with his tongue. 

She squirmed with delight, she barely muffled her squeals of delight with her wrist. Her hips thrashed and when he found that steady rhythm in just the right spot she stopped breathing. Her mouth fixed in an 'O' shape and her body rigid, she felt the pleasure wave inside her rise and rise. She couldn't moan, she couldn't move, she could only succumb to his expert movements. He could taste her juices getting hotter and hotter, and even with no verbal indication that she was close, he knew. 

He continued his vigorous rhythmic licking and suddenly her back arched violently and she let out a loud, high pitched 'Aahhhaa!' her hips thrashed up and down in her ultimate axis of pleasure, she squeezed her eyes closed and he watched her in the throes of her orgasm, his mouth tasting the fresh hot juices slowly being released by her tight cunt.

Once she had been reduced to heavy breathing and stillness again, he sat up, smiling with her nectar drenching the bottom half of his face. And even with all that he had consumed, her pussy lips were still slippery and lubricated with an even slicker serum.

'Ohh, oh my God,' she finally breathed, 'Y-you..' She rolled her eyes, and licked her dry lips, getting up. She knelt next to him, his cock still hard and covered in precum, now. She kissed him deeply, tasting her sweetness, which was a surprising turn on for her. She wiped his face clean and licked her fingers, then began toying with her clit, obviously well recovered by then.

He smiled deviously at her and lifted her with one swift moment, she swung her leg over so she was straddling him and he wasted no more time. Simply lifting her again and plunging her straight down onto his cock. 

She was shocked and her body spasmed violently at the sudden penetration, but she was so overcome with intense pleasure that the car filled with her scream, 'Ohhh yes!' his cock reached places inside her that hadn't been touched before.

Her pussy walls gripped his cock like a vice, and he felt dazed for a moment, 'shit, oh shit' he repeated as she rode him hard. Her face contorted in pleasure and just looking at her almost drove him beyond the edge. 

'Fuck me!' She screamed and he lifted her thrusting his cock up inside her harder and harder each time. She moaned loudly with each thrust. He scooched forward, giving her knees room to sit on the seat and she rode him fast, this time speechless. Every quick thrust in this position hit a spot that had never been hit before. Her g-spot. 

He let her ride him like this until he felt himself nearing orgasm and he could feel her pussy walls tightening around his cock. 'Ooh, ooh, ooh' she whimpered, her pleasure causing her to weaken, so he held her shoulders and slammed her down on his cock, hard, until they were both filling the car with their moaning and gasps and the sounds of the car rocking. 

'I'm gonna cum baby!' She cried, arching her back and giving him a full look at her perfect tits bouncing with their movements. He let go then, cumming hard inside her tight cunt and she felt his cock harden and spasm, released and let the pleasure hit her hard, making her whole body convulse and her fingernails to draw blood from his arms.

Lacey collapsed in onto his chest and caught her breath as quickly as she could, realizing how long she had been gone. She was covered in sweat and so was he, but he was just smiling. 

'I have to get back,' she said worriedly, getting up and letting his cock slide out of her. She grabbed her dress and zipped it up quickly. He watched her bemusedly and eventually pulled his waistband over his spent dick. 

He followed her back to their front seats and looked at her for a while, knowing she was quietly freaking out.

'If anyone asks, you went for a walk,' He caressed her arm lovingly and she looked at him. Her look was a mix of satisfaction and sadness, she wished she could stay in the aftermath with him for as long as she wanted, but it was time to go back to reality. A reality where they were distant friends, associated only by their betrayed partners. He started the car and she snapped out of her daze. When he pulled up outside her house she kissed him deeply for the last time that night, and without a word she was gone, running back across the lawn.