 Ryan had just made it back to the couch, drink in hand as his phone beeped. 

"Busy?" the message said. It was from Lacey, an old friend that he had been close to for some time. 

"Nope. Watching baseball" he replied to her. 

"Alone?" she responded. 

"Of course. You okay?" he texted back.

A second later, the intercom to his apartment buzzed. 

"It's me Ryan" Lacey's voice came over the speaker, and it was apparent she was upset. 

"I'll be down in a second" he said as he started down the stairs.

He reached the door and he could see Lacey standing outside, visibly upset. Her blonde hair blew around in the brisk evening breeze as a storm front was blowing in. She had a tote over her shoulder, trying to shield it from the light rain that was beginning to fall. He opened the door and she turned and faced him. She had been crying. Her eyeliner was running and her eyes were red. 

"I'm sorry I didn't call you before" she started "but Eric and I got into a huge fight and I had to get out." Her voice was on the verge of breaking as they reached the door to his apartment. 

"It's ok. You know you're always welcome" he said as he gave her a hug. She clung to him as she fought the tears. He felt terrible for her.

She stepped out of her sandals and dropped her bag at the front door, and headed to the couch. He sat next to her and turned the TV down. Baseball wasn't that important he told himself as he pushed the record button. 'Besides, I can DVR it.' he thought to himself. 

"So what happened?" he asked as she sat there fidgeting with her rings, before taking them off. 

"It's her again. Danielle broke up with her fiancé so she's been wanting to spend time 'talking' to Eric. When I told him I didn't like it because of everything that had happened before, he blew up. We got into a huge argument." 

"I see" Ryan responded, as he took a sip of his drink. "Oh, I'm nice" he started sarcastically. "Would you like something?" he asked her.

"Sure. Mix it up" she said with a half smile that made him laugh. Even when she was sad or upset, he always could make her at least crack a smile.

He mixed her a drink (but took it easy on the alcohol content since she is a self-proclaimed lightweight) and headed back to the living room. She was furiously texting on her phone as he came back up. She looked up at him with a fired expression as she sent the message. 

"He's such an ass" she said as she switched the ringer off. "He said that he was going out with people from work and she was going to be there. I told him to get fucked." she said as she accepted the drink. She started to tear up. "Of course, he probably will now that I said that.. I'm so stupid!" she said as she contemplated sending him another message. She decided against it. "Well, I guess I'll know tomorrow where things stand." 

Over the next hour, he let her vent about everything. He'd offer an opinion or advice as she asked for it, and once she settled down, her cute smile returned again. 

He kept wondering to himself how he was able to have her as a friend. They had first met when she was 19. They'd been friends ever since. Initially, they were friends with benefits, but over the years, they had actually become close friends. She was adorable. Not breathtaking, but still cute. She was about 5'3, blonde, with beautiful hazel eyes that were always full of expression. He caught himself tuning her out accidentally with thoughts of what he wanted to do to her running through her head.

"Okay, so now that I made you miss the entire ball game and ruined your night..." She said as she started to stand up and head for the door. 

"You didn't ruin my night" he said as he stood to meet her. "Where are you going?" he asked. 

"I don't know" she replied, the emotion in her voice too apparent. She stepped forward and hugged him again, her body pressed firmly against his. He held her tightly and he could feel her frustration. 

"Don't leave" he said as she looked up at him. They stared at each other for a moment as he leaned in and kissed her forehead. "You shouldn't be driving when you're upset. And the weather is bad" he said quietly as he nodded toward the window and the thunder rolling outside. 

She watched the rain for a minute and turned back to him as lightning struck nearby and the power flickered. "You're right" she agreed. He leaned in again and kissed her lips, slowly. He could feel her react to his kiss as he pulled away. 

"I'm sorry" he said as he released her and stepped back. For an instant, he felt that he was taking advantage. 

"Don't be." she replied. "I wasn't protesting."

A loud crack echoed through the air and the lights went out. He felt her jump as the lights went out. He still held on to her, his hands on her hips.

She stepped forward and kissed him, wrapping her arms around his neck and standing on her toes to reach him. She pressed against him again as he responded. He could feel his cock twitch in his pants as she pressed her hips against him.

He pulled her down onto his lap on the couch, and she straddled him. His hands ran over her back, her hips, her ass, back to her breasts, and down her sides. He ran his fingers through her hair as the kissing continued. She could feel his hardness pressing against her, and soon she slowly began rocking her hips back and forth over his growing erection. His fingers reached for the buttons on her shirt, undoing them swiftly, revealing her soft pink bra. His mouth ventured from hers, down her neck, across her collarbone and to her breasts as he pulled the cups down to reveal them. Her small pink nipples were already hard and she gasped as he took them one by one into his mouth. 

She ran her nails down his chest through his shirt, and reached for the tent in his jeans that she was on top of. Her fingers traced the outline of his manhood straining against the denim. He groaned softly. "Keep that up and you're going to have to do something about it." he teased. She looked at him defiantly as she stood up. 

She dropped to her knees in front of him and reached for the zipper. As she undid his pants, she reached for the waistband of his boxers and pulled it down. His cock was standing at full attention as she looked up at him. "Lacey, I was only joking -- "he started, but was cut off as she took him into her mouth. 

She bobbed up and down, taking most of him with each move. Her hand wrapped around it intently and she matched motions with her mouth and her hand. Her tongue swirled around the head, around the shaft, she would pull it out and lightly blow on it before taking it all the way down her throat. He groaned from time to time as she worked him over. 

After about fifteen minutes, he stopped her. He was about to blow his load in her mouth and he remembered that she had told him she wasn't good at swallowing. She stood up and leaned over his lap to kiss him again. 

He reached forward and undid her belt and her jeans and pushed them to the floor. She stepped out of them, revealing her pink and purple striped bikinis. Not what he was used to seeing out of her. The previous times, she had always worn thongs for him, because that's what he liked. But this wasn't bad either. They were low cut, and still looked good on her. With one hand, he slid the material aside and ran a finger along her smooth shaven pussy. 

She shivered as he touched her, gently at first, then started to explore more. Soon he slid one finger inside her. She was on fire. So tight, so wet. He knew he had to have her. But he wanted to make her beg for it.

He pulled her down on the couch next to him, and pushed her back. he moved so that he was on his knees on the floor, his cock protruding in front of him in agreement with his thoughts. He pulled the underwear off and tossed them next to her jeans on the floor. 

He spread her legs, sliding one finger inside again and lowering his head to her sweet pussy. He slowly moved his finger in a come hither motion, feeling her pulse, and her hips jerk as his tongue slid from her opening to her clit. He took it in his mouth, sucking gently, teasing it with his tongue as she moaned softly in approval. He could feel his dick getting harder by the moment as he tasted her sweet juices. She raised her hips and moaned again as he slid another finger into her. 

"Do you like it, baby?" he asked. 

"Yes" she replied, in a voice that was bordering on a breathless growl. 

"How much do you want?" 

"All of it.. now... I want it all" she cooed, the anticipation obvious in her voice. 

He grabbed her hips and moved her to the edge of the couch. He pulled her down, balancing her hips on the edge of the couch. He rubbed the head of his penis against her, covering it in her wetness. 

"How bad do you want it?" he asked as he slowly started pushing inside her. 

She moaned in response, and pouted as he withdrew from her. "Ryan" she panted "It's not nice to tease."

"But it's so much fun to tease you" he said as he slowly pushed partway in. 

She felt so hot wrapped around him that he couldn't take it any longer. In one swift motion he pushed himself all the way into her. She cried out and he could feel her pussy throbbing around him as she struggled for control. He stayed still for a minute before starting to pump in and out of her, slowly at first and then faster, harder, until she was panting and whimpering in pleasure. 

Her hands reached out for him, her nails digging into his arms. Her moans fueled him more. He reached out and wrapped his arms around her. He pulled her off of the couch and on top of him. 

"That's it... ride it" he growled as he worked her hips. She rocked her hips back and forth, occasionally throwing a circular movement into it. She'd occasionally stop and to slow the pace down a bit, slide off and then slowly slide back down his pole. 

Soon, the feeling of his thickness buried inside of her became too much as she reached orgasm. She dug her nails into his chest, threw her head back and moaned loudly. 

"Fuck yes!" she cried out as her body shook, throbbed and spasmed around him. He thrusted his hips up deep within her. "Ryan... Ryan!!" she cried, struggling to hang on. 

She had totally lost control and he loved every second of it. She collapsed onto his chest, panting. 

He laughed at her softly. "Worn out already?" He asked. He was still rock hard, buried inside of her.

The power flickered back on and the television came back, showing the final of the game. It was 4-2. He reached for the remote and turned it back off, leaving them in dark silence. 

After she caught her breath, she slid off of him and then went straight for his manhood. She took it in her mouth, cleaning all of her juices off of it. She looked up at him as she licked up and down the shaft. He sighed as she took the head into her mouth again. When she finished, she moved up and kissed him again, sliding her tongue into his mouth so that he could taste the semi-sweetness of her fluid on her tongue. 

"So what's next?" she asked, flirtatiously.

He couldn't believe she was totally letting go like this. Without a word, he flipped her over onto her knees, grabbed her hips and thrust his hard member into her. He felt her body tense and her pussy clench onto him. With each thrust, she grew hotter and pulsed more before breaking into all out throbbing as he slammed into her repeatedly. 

"Harder Ryan.. fuck me harder!" Lacey cried out, arching her back and shoving her hips back toward him. 

He groaned as he slammed into her harder, hearing her moans and gasps reaching a fever pitch as he reached for her hair and pulled. 

He could feel her body shaking as he drilled her. She reached out in front of her, sliding her hands on the carpet, raising her hips and pushing back against him. 

He could feel his load boiling inside of him. He wondered if he should stop and shoot it on her, but her moans as she climaxed again changed his mind. He grabbed her hips with both hands, digging his fingers into her soft skin and thrust as hard as he could. Her screams and moans pushed him over the edge and she cried out again as she felt his hot, thick load exploding inside of her. 

"Oh you feel great, Lacey" he moaned as he flooded her.

She sprawled out onto her stomach, and he lay on top of her for a moment. When they both had caught their breath, He moved off of her and she sat up. 

She looked to the side. "I should get a shower and get going" she said "I don't want to outstay my welcome." 

"You're not overstaying" He started. "And you've got to be tired by now" he said, half jokingly. "The last -- two hours have been pretty busy." 

She laughed as she grabbed her bag and walked to the bathroom.

She walked back out to the living room with the towel wrapped around her, her hair wet, slightly curly, hanging at her shoulders. She had washed her makeup off, and her eyes were clearer. She sat next to him on the couch and made idle chit chat about the game he was watching, 2 hours behind air time. 

"I bet they win 4-2" he said as he scanned past commercials. 

"Hmm, I don't know" she said with a smartalec tone. "Want to bet on it?" 

He laughed and asked her what she was bringing to the table. 

"Whatever you want" she said. "Pick something, anything." 

He stopped and thought a moment. He had tomorrow off. No plans. And she was hiding. His mind wandered. "Okay, deal" he said. "I win, you stay all night, and I can have my way with you. You win, you can do whatever you want." 

"Deal" She nodded as she fidgeted with the phone. "I'm lying about where I am right now. Apparently Eric is worried. Oh well. I'll let him think I'm at Dad's and that I'll be back sometime tomorrow." She sent a text and set her phone beside her on the couch. She looked upset. 

"What did you say?" he asked. "At Dad's. Back Tomorrow. Not sure I can do this anymore" she read. 

He put his arm around her and consoled her as best he could. The game was in the final inning and down to the last pitch. "Told you... 4-2. Now pay up" he said with humor in his voice. 

"Okay, you win" she sighed. "But first, I'll be right back" she said as she left the room. She came back a couple minutes later and had ditched the towel for a pair of fleece pants and a tank top. "The towel was getting... cold" she giggled.

They sat up and talked again for another hour or so, and polished off another couple drinks before she finally said she was tired. 

"Sleep in my room" he said. "I'll sleep on the couch." 

"Are you sure?" she asked. "I don't want to feel like I'm putting you out." 

"Not at all" he said as he took her back to the bedroom. 

"Okay, if you're sure it's not a problem." she said as she gave him a hug, and a kiss on the cheek. 

"Goodnight" she said as he headed back to the living room with pillow in hand.

He laid out on the couch in the dark, thinking. About her. That tank top and how he could see the outline of her breasts, no bra. How she smelled after the shower. How innocent she looked. She came out, right here, in just a towel. And I did nothing. She must think I'm crazy! Or maybe she thinks I'm a good friend, interested in more than just the sex. But damn it was good. 

He overanalyzed himself for a little bit and then realized the more he thought about everything, the more aroused he was becoming again. He wanted to have her again. But differently. Slowly. Every other time they'd been together it was always quick. He wanted to explore her, tease her, feel her. Without all the panting, groaning and screaming. His member stirred to life under the blanket, becoming harder with each thought.

Finally he got to the point he couldn't take anymore and started for the bedroom. She was asleep on top of the covers, curled up on her side. He lay down next to her, careful to keep his hardness from pressing against her. He covered her up with a blanket and she stretched a little. 

"How long have you been here?" she asked, sleepily. 

"Just came in. You okay with this?" he asked. 

"Yeah. It's been kind of hard for me to sleep. I feel bad I kicked you out of your own bed." 

"No worries" he replied. He stroked her arm and they talked quietly. He leaned close to her and kissed her bare shoulder. She smelled amazing. Like Orange, and a bit of coconut. He kissed up to her neck, stopping at her cheek. 

"Are you trying to seduce me?" she asked. The longing was obvious in her voice. 

"Possibly." He responded. "Are you wanting to be seduced?" 

"Maybe" she replied, with a tinge of shyness in her voice.

She rolled over to face him, and smiled. She could see the outline of his erection in the dim light that shone into the room. She reached down and traced her finger along it slowly. "I take that as a yes" she whispered. 

He stopped her. "Let me do this." he said as he kissed her, slowly. He had a feeling that she hadn't had someone really pleasure her in a long time. He intended to change that tonight.

"All yours" she said quietly. 

He ran his hands all over her body, caressing her. Her smooth legs, soft skin, nice ass. He took it all in. She sighed happily as he started trailing kisses down her stomach over her shirt. When he reached the bottom of the tank top, he pulled it up with his teeth. He slowly slid his hands up, feeling her heartbeat increase as he reached her breasts. 

She fidgeted a bit in anticipation as his mouth worked up to them. She let loose a small gasp as he gently took each one into his mouth. He pulled the tank top over her head, tossing it aside. He lavished attention on each breast, feeling her body reacting underneath him as he licked, teased and touched her.

He reached for the waistband of the fleece pants she wore and slid them down, running his hand over her legs as he came back up. As his hands reached her inner thigh, he could feel her shake gently as she looked up at him. 

"Just enjoy it." he said quietly. "Just relax and enjoy it." 

She laid her head back down, but still watched him intently. 

He slid his boxers down as he moved between her legs. He slowly ran a finger over her slit. He wanted to make sure she was ready for him. She was moist, and he could feel the heat already coming from her. 

He hovered over her, kissing up her stomach to her neck, to her chin. As he kissed her soft lips, he slowly lowered himself inside her. He felt her kiss change as he entered her. 

He felt the passion and anticipation as she let out a soft moan. He realized he had moaned himself as he came to rest inside of her. The feeling was amazing. So soft, delicate.. it was perfect. 

She adjusted her hips underneath him as he slowly moved in and out of her. He could feel the changes inside of her as she reacted to his hardness. He filled her completely; his head hitting her spot as he slowly pushed in and withdrew from her. Her legs wrapped around his, tilting her hips up a bit, allowing him even deeper. 

She moaned again. He could feel her shaking around him. Her face was flushing pink as her breath quickened. He felt little shudders magnified inside of her as he slowed down his pace even more.

She groaned quietly as he paused for a moment "don't stop... please don't stop." 

"Shh... I'm not" he whispered as he pushed deep inside her. 

He kissed her neck and he felt her pulsing softly around him. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her up as he leaned back. He held her in place on his lap, slowly grinding her hips against him. A few times she tried to quicken his pace but he stopped her.

"Let me do everything" he said. 

He laid her back down onto the bed and removed himself from her. He lowered his head slowly kissing from her knee up to her thigh, and back down the other leg. She shook in anticipation of where he might go next. 

His tongue came closer to her pussy and her breathing skipped. He slowly licked the length of her slit, gently sliding his tongue into her. Her hips rose at the attention, and another gasp left her lips. 
