 It was a cool crisp summer evening, the crickets were chirping. Gene had just finished ravaging my body and I needed a cigarette. I went out to the front porch steps to smoke. I felt like I was being watched, but I wasn't sure by whom or from where. I had slipped on an extra large tee shirt, which on my five foot two frame was more like a tent, and a pair of thong underwear. There was a breeze coming across the front lawn brushing my shirt between my legs. I took a few drags and I felt that someone was near me. I looked around but saw no one. I finished my cigarette and turned to go back inside. As my hand pulled open the storm door, I felt the presence of someone standing behind me. I could feel his breath on my neck making the hair on the back of my neck stand up. 

And then all at once he grabbed me, forcing me inside and then shoving me face first, against the wall. "Hi, baby," a familiar whisper touched my ear, as he pressed his body tightly against me. He allowed me to turn around and face him. In the dim moonlight, I thought I recognized his face as he ran his hands down my body, I was not wearing a bra, so the sensation is incredible. All at once with one rapid movement, he lifted the tee shirt releasing my tits from their confinement. He groped my breasts like he had never touched breasts before. Then leaning down he started biting my nipples and pulling on them. I reached down and touched his head, his thinning brown hair felt very familiar to me but he grabbed my wrists and pushed my hands up against the wall. I gasp and he reached up and put a finger to my mouth and whispered in my ear, "shhhhh, it will be okay," and then proceeded to bite on my neck and my ears, working his way down to my tummy. 

My heart was racing and my breathing quick and steady. Not sure whether or not I liked what was happening to me. He was a good friend, fairly handsome and at times, I have fantasized about him and wanted him, but he was here and literally attacking me. He looked up at me and stared into my eyes. His are dark and filled with passion. His passion was all I could see and feel. His stare turned away from my eyes and drifted to my lower stomach where his soft lips planted kisses. Just when I thought he was going down on me, he stopped. I heard the faint sounds of his belt and his zipper. I glanced down and I saw his pants drop to his ankles. 

He slammed his body up against mine. Pressed against the wall, my tee shirt is up around my neck and all that is covering me is my white thong. 

He forcefully starts to kiss me on my lips, his tongue probing my mouth. One of his hands traveled down and grabbed the side of my panties and with a jerk, they landed on the floor. Suddenly I felt his finger slip inside my pussy, "I'm getting seconds," he breathed as a matter of fact. I stood there so helpless and naked. But I was so excited by his aggressiveness. He was in total control, I'm not sure what is going to happen next. 

He wraps his arms around me and squeezes my ass and then lifts me off the ground. Instinctively I wrap my legs around his waist, he backs up and slams me into the wall, holding me up. I feel his hard cock right at the opening of my pussy. I am getting so very wet at the thought of what is happening. Anyone could walk into the room at anytime. But that was part of the thrill, almost getting caught. 

He shoves his cock inside my excited pussy. Over and over again he pounds me. Harder and harder he slams me with such force. With each pump my back hits the wall making a crashing sound. He is squeezing my butt and two fingers are probing my ass as he holds me up, defying gravity. 

The look in his eyes was like a crazed sex addict. I was extremely turned on by this rough side of sex. It was something I have tried before and definitely liked. I could feel the pressure building up within my tight pussy. I was getting close, and by the way he was groaning and moaning he was ready to shoot that hot creamy load inside me. 

Faster and faster he fucks me...I can feel the juices oozing out of me. And then I feel the ripples start... "Ooohhhaaaaaa," I start screaming, "Yes! Fuck me baby! Fuck me hard!" I am cuming so hard. My whole body convulses. I'm shaking and trembling, gasping for breath, as he lets his hot creamy load go inside of me adding to the mess. I can feel him trembling also. He lets me slide down the wall where my legs stand to support my quivering body. He leans down, pulls up his pants, kisses me deeply on the lips and walks away. Leaving me there almost naked and alone. My heart still racing. I pull down my tee shirt, grab my thong panty and start to go upstairs. Suddenly I stop, turn around and go lock the front door. I'm still in total awe of what just happened.