 Just another Saturday night and like most young, unattached males, I was wandering the honkytonks and bars in search of a one-night stand. As the evening wore on it was beginning to appear as if Lady Luck had once again abandoned me.

"Fickle Bitch," I murmured under my breath as I stood at the bar.

"Excuse me?" A soft voice said behind me.

"Huh?" I said as I turned around to face her.

"Who's a fickle bitch?" She inquired.

"Oh, sorry. I wasn't referring to anyone in particular. I was just contemplating my current situation and how it seemed that Lady Luck had deserted me."

"Oh, I see," she said as she brought her drink to her lips.

She was boldly scrutinizing me over the rim of her glass, so I responded in kind.

She appeared to be in her early twenties. Her frosted blond hair was coiffed in that carefully contrived, freshly fucked look that was vogue several years ago. Her dark brown eyes reflected the red glow from the lights behind the bar, her pupils expanding slowly. I took that as a sign of interest so I boldly continued my perusal.

The rounded mounds of her full breasts seemed to rise up to greet me from the low cut bodice of her dress. My eyes lingered on the soft flesh, imagination wandering. Finally, my gaze moved lower, past her narrow waist and around the fullness of her hips to the long tapered legs, the majority of which were exposed below the very short hem.

"Impressive," I heard her mutter.

"Yeah, I agree," was my immediate yet unthinking response.

"I'm sorry, what did you say?" I asked as I suddenly realized that there had been a verbal exchange.

"I said I'm impressed,"

"With?" I inquired.

"Let's not beat around the bush," she blurted as she leaned around me to set her empty glass on the bar. "My luck has been no better than yours tonight. Why don't you come home with me and we can compare notes and see what went wrong?"

Now I've met some pretty forward women in my day, and after twenty-eight years, my day is not a real short one, but I have never been so boldly propositioned. Frankly, it was a bit unnerving, but exciting as well.

"Works for me, darlin'. Don't you want to know my name first?"

"We'll get to that later. Let's just get out of this noisy place before my head splits open," she replied.

She grasped my hand with both of hers and then extricated the drink from my reluctant fingers, setting it on the bar alongside the other one. She turned and without relinquishing her grip, started for the door, towing me along behind.

"Leave your car here, we'll take mine," she said as we made our way across the dimly lit parking lot.

The conversation was minimal, not much more than an exchange of names during the short, yet tortuous drive through unlit back roads. I learned her name was Lucy and little else.

"Where the hell are we?" I asked as she pulled up into a darkened driveway.

"Does it matter?" she replied as she opened the door and stepped out into the night.

"Guess not," I muttered as I followed her swinging hips up the walkway and through the opened door.

Stepping into the room, I briefly appraised my surroundings as she flicked on a table lamp.

It was a small two-bedroom duplex apartment. On the opposite wall from where I stood was a small dining area that led into a tiny kitchen. The floor plan was a split bedroom design with a bedroom on either side of the living room. Both doors were open to darkened interiors.

'You live here alone?" I asked.

"No, my Mom lives here with me," was her quick reply as she kicked off her heels and approached me in bare feet.

She reached out and draped her arms over my shoulders, clasping her hands behind my head as her lips reached out for mine.

Her kiss was wet and passionate, her tongue probing my mouth. I felt her breasts heaving against my chest as she pressed her face ever more firmly against me.

A delicious eternity passed during which I felt as if she was trying to devour my very soul. Her hands roamed my body, coming to rest on the front of my trousers. She caressed the bulge that had the material drawn tight, moaning softly as she measured the length and breadth of me.

She broke the kiss to look down at her hands, which were fumbling with the fastenings of my Dockers.

I reached behind her to lower the zipper of her dress, pushing the garment off her shoulders as she freed my cock from its confines.

She inverted her hand, cupping my scrotum while rubbing her palm along the base of my blood-engorged shaft. I bent down and began kissing her neck, trailing my tongue up under, behind and then into her ear. My hands roamed, one hand gliding along the cheeks of her ass while the other pressed gently against the small of her back. She sighed softly.

She backed away, allowing the gown to fall to the floor before turning on her heel toward one of the bedrooms. I saw a soft light flick on as I stepped out of my shoes and quickly stripped off the remainder of my attire before following her.

She lay back upon the bed, the mirrored headboard providing a dual view of her luscious form. She had her left breast cupped in the palm of her hand, her fingers twirling the distended nipple. Her right was sliding underneath the waist of her panties. I moved slowly toward the foot of the bed, watching her every move. I kneeled down and removed her panties as her hips rose off the bed.

"Fuck me!" she hissed as I started to kiss the inside of her thighs.

I was moving in the direction of her crotch when she grabbed my head in her hands and pulled me forward.

"No foreplay, just fuck me!" she repeated.

My cock slid easily into her waiting tunnel as she rose to meet me. She writhed on the bed, her hips thrusting hungrily. Her passion was nearly boundless. Wrapping her arms around my torso, she pulled me against her as she buried her face against my chest. 

She wrapped her legs round mine, humping against me as though it was to be her last.

"Yeah, do it. Give it to me!" She panted in my ear.

As if demonically possessed, she took me. Alternately kissing and biting my neck and shoulders, she fucked like an animal, groaning, hissing and crying out as orgasm after orgasm racked her frame. I felt more like a human dildo than a lover. There was no sharing, no giving, just a raw passion that was almost overwhelming in its fervor.

As she started to calm down, I raised myself up and arched my back as I fought for air. I froze.

Reflected in the mirror was a middle-aged woman. I gazed into dark eyes that peered back at me from a deeply tanned face surrounded by cascading curls of raven hair. She was leaning against the doorframe with a drink in one hand while her other was tracing lines along the base of her neck and down the half-open bodice of her blouse. I watched as the hand trailed slowly down to slip beneath the fold of her wrap-around, knee-length skirt. She raised one leg, bending it at the knee to place her foot on the wall behind her. Wordlessly, she raised her glass to her lips, as her eyes seemed to bore holes in my skull. She arched her back, touching herself in that most intimate fashion.

Now this was erotic. I have never been the object of a voyeur, at least not to my knowledge, and I found this new aspect exceedingly arousing. My cock swelled and erupted with the depths of my partner.

"Oh yes, cum in me!" She wailed as I turned my attention back to the task at hand.

I felt a spasm in the small of my back as my ass muscles clenched in my explosive release. I groaned uncontrollably as streaks of fire coursed throughout my body. Momentarily spent, I rolled off onto my back, gasping quietly as my partner rolled onto her side and curled up in a fetal position. I looked over at the now vacant doorway and shrugged.

As my strength slowly returned and my heart resumed its normal pace, I rolled on my side to regard the still form of my companion. She appeared to have dozed off, so I eased myself out of the bed to search for something to drink. As I walked into the living room I noticed that the other bedroom was now lit, the door standing half open. I started to walk to the kitchen when I heard low moans emanating from the partially obscured doorway. My bare feet padded soundlessly across the carpeted floor as I approached the source of the sounds.

I peered around the corner, fighting back a gasp as I beheld the scene within.

The woman was lying upon her bed, her deeply tanned, nude form standing out in sharp contrast to the white sheet beneath her. Her legs were splayed apart as her right hand rubbed frantically at the furry patch between them. Her left hand was squeezing her breast while pulling it toward her outstretched tongue that flicked at a distended nipple.

Her head flopped back against the pillow as she released her breast and shoved her other hand down to plunge two fingers within the parted folds of her pussy. I watched with a growing erection as she started to pump her fingers in and out of her ravenous opening while her other hand rubbed her clit vigorously.

My God, but she was soaked! The snicking sounds of wet flesh being mauled by anxious hands seemed to fill the room. It would change in frequency as her fingers would alternately curl then straighten as they administered to her need.

My hands caressed my body as I watched the lewd and lascivious display. I was reaching down to take my cock in my hand when I nearly jumped out of my skin as another hand closed upon my turgid erection first.

"She's hot looking, isn't she?" Lucy whispered in my ear as she slid her hand slowly up and down my cock.

"Yeah! Fucking incredible!" I replied.

The woman on the bed opened her eyes and once again stared into mine.

"It's your turn to watch," she said in a low voice before bringing her fingers to her lips to lick the juices that covered them liberally.

"She loves showing off. I'm going to suck your cock while you watch her fuck herself," Lucy said as she trailed her fingers over my chest.

The woman's eyes remained locked on mine as her hands resumed their former activity. First two, then three fingers disappeared as she hooked her hand and elbow to thrust as much of them as she could within her wet tunnel. Supported on one elbow, the hand of which was squeezing a full breast, she bent one leg to place her foot firmly against the mattress to better support the awkward position.

I watched in fascination as a fourth finger joined the others while her thumb rubbed against the largest clit I have ever seen.

A half-smile crossed her features as I spread my arms to brace myself in the doorframe while Lucy's mouth worked its magic on my cock.

"Deep-throat him, Lucy. Swallow that cock," she grunted as her hand picked up its pace.

"Unghhhhh!" I groaned as I felt the head of my cock enter Lucy's throat.

I looked down to see that Lucy too was frigging her pussy, her hand moving back and forth rapidly. I watched, as she would stop to dip her fingers into her hole and fuck a few strokes before returning to the mauling of her clit.

A noise from the other side of the room prompted me to return my attention to the bed.

The woman was stretched out and reaching into the adjacent nightstand. Seconds later she produced a large, flesh colored rubber phallus. She turned and stacked the two pillows against the headboard before settling back against them in a half-raised position. With her legs bent and feet near her ass, she reached down and inserted the monster toy into her now cavernous opening. She groaned loudly as she pushed it deep within. Once again her eyes locked on mine.

"Watch me cum," she said softly as she used two hands to pump the pseudo cock in and out of her pussy.

As her pace quickened she began to slump further down into the bed. Lifting her feet off the mattress and raising them high in the air, she spread her legs wide as she fucked herself with the same energy that Lucy had fucked me with just a short time ago.

Now lost in her own pleasure, the woman closed her eyes and arched her head back as her mouth dropped open and low guttural sounds rumbled in her throat.

"Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck Yeah! My pussy's gonna CUM!" she almost shouted.

I felt Lucy slip a finger in my anus as she once again took me deep in her throat.

The woman's legs flopped down on the bed as she pushed her hips up to meet her thrusting hands. A flush seemed to begin at her neck and race down her torso as she started panting. The sloshing sound of her pussy as the rubber cock plumbed her depths filled my ears as once again I felt the rush of my own release overtake me.

Intense…it was the most intense thing I have ever experienced. My entire body literally quaked as I released my load deep into Lucy's throat. I think I even whimpered, though the sound would never have been heard over the screams emanating from the bed. It may have been mere seconds but it certainly felt like hours as my balls emptied, draining me of the last vestiges of what energy I possessed. My cock made a plopping sound as I quickly extricated it from Lucy's mouth, the feeling being too exquisite to bear any longer.

Lucy fell back and brought two hands to bear upon her own inflamed pussy, driving herself over the edge into ecstasy as she too cried out her release.

I sank to my knees, the blood pounding in my head. Lacking the strength to support myself even in that position, I collapsed on the floor. Darkness overtook me as I finally succumbed to the stress I had just put my body through.

I awakened to the jostling of hands bringing me rudely back from oblivion.

"C'mon, Jack. Get dressed. I've gotta take you back to your car now," Lucy said as she dropped my clothing at my side.

As I donned my shirt and slacks, I looked about but there was no one here but the two of us.

"Where did your Mom go?" I asked as I bent down to slip on my shoes.

"Never mind that, we have to leave now," she replied curtly.

Once again, the drive was without much conversation. I tried to get her phone number only to be rebuked.

"It was just a one-night fling. Don't try to find me again," was her abrupt reply.

She dropped me off in the now vacant parking lot and sped away without even a kiss good-by, the light of the full moon reflecting off the back glass. _______________________________________________________________________

It took me almost a month to find that little duplex apartment. When I rang the doorbell I was greeted by a balding, middle-aged, man. When I inquired about Lucy and her mother, he looked at me as if I had grown three heads.

His face blanched when I described the women. "Sonny boy, I have lived here for more than seven years and I can assure you there ain't been any women like that in this house in a long time. Now why don't you just run along and leave an old man in peace," he grunted as he slammed the door in my face.

The smell of stale alcohol still lingered in the air as I pondered the mystery. I had taken a good look inside while he held the door open and was more than positive it was the same house. I decided to do some investigating.

My research led me to discover that he was a widower who had lost his wife and daughter in an airline crash seven years ago. The article from the newspaper archive said his wife's name was Carolyn and his daughter's was Lucy. I flipped to the continued story near the back of the paper and froze in shock, chills running down my spine as I stared at the photographs.

It was they!

"Don't let your mind wander…it gets terribly lonely out there all by itself."