 At the time, I thought I was in love with the girl. In the end I decided that it had been nothing more than a relationship based on lust, but for awhile the emotion was real enough. We were both still in high school then, both Seniors but she was older than I was by a few months. Because of my September birthday, I had always been the youngest person in my class, or close enough.

Beth was the kind of girl every guy dreamed about, but had still gone through most of high school without a serious boyfriend. Maybe people were intimidated by her, but if you'd ever asked a kid what he was looking for in a girl, she fit the description exactly. She was a little on the short side, which most guys like, especially myself, but I think it bothered her, because she always wore high heeled stuff to make up for it. She had a slim figure, only weighing 135 pounds, but was actually very curvy, and in exactly the right places.

Her breasts were quite large for her age, a set of 36D tits that gave her a very top heavy look, as if she'd fall right over if she bent over too far. Her various activities at school kept her n very nice shape. She took part in the musicals, and her figure showed that she was a very nice dancer. Her waist was very trimmed down, and a flat stomach, but not at all muscular. Her hips belled out to give her a perfect hourglass shape, and let her wear many things other girls could not, or just didn't look as spectacular in.

She had a very nice, round and firm butt, and she knew it. Coupled with her curved hips, she often wore very low riding pants; seemingly only defy gravity by the curvature to her shape. She filled out all of her clothes very well, and I often found myself wanting to shed a tear or two over a pair of very tight pants that perfectly exhibited her perfect ass and legs.

The day I finally had worked up the courage to ask her out, she was absolutely stunning. We were friendly and talked often throughout classes and in-between, but it was almost like seeing her for the first time. She was wearing a white low, square cut top that showed a tasteful amount of cleavage, though not too much. Just enough to keep you interested. I could just barely make out her bra underneath, also low cut to accommodate the top. It was still early in the new year, and her nipples poked ever so slightly out, making my mouth water slightly.

The top stopped just past her belly button, showing off a bit of her taught belly before her pleated, black skirt rested low on her hips, the very tops of her hip bones poking slightly over the top, as if drawing attention to the sweet heaven between her legs. The skirt stopped at her mid-thigh, and I could barely keep my mind from wandering and imagining sliding my hand right up the back of her thigh to her butt, bare except the triangle of cloth of her thong near the top.

Her legs were very nice. Muscular from dancing, yet still very pliable, and I could spend minutes staring at them jiggle as she tapped her foot in boredom during class. The outfit ended in a toeless high-heeled shoe, showing newly painted toes, each toe a bright blue color. Her eyes looked up at me as I tried to form the words. She wasn't only sexy from the slightly provocative way she dressed, but she just had an aura about her than was very sensual. Her light green eyes seemingly peered through me as I struggled for words. It didn't help that I could very faintly catch a whiff of her perfume, which she had applied perfectly, and was enough to send me into a mumbling mess alone.

After what seemed like an eternity, I finally blurted out that I wanted to go out with her some time, and to my surprise, she accepted. Back then I didn't have a great self-image. As a young child I had been very skinny, and after 5th grade I became a real butterball. It was like that for a few years, but after my growth spurt in 9th grade, I still felt fat, even though I had stretched it out very well, looking back. I was as tall as most guys, even taller than most, though I didn't feel tall.

My long, curly hair framed my face and successfully hid my over-sized ears that always drew a remark, even if it was a joking reference to the size of my manhood. I didn't really work out, but I developed a nice set of muscles. Nothing outstanding or a bulging mass of muscles, but a good thick upper arm, with just a bit of fat around it and a powerful set of legs from long walks I had taken. The only really doughy part of me left was my stomach, and I had a bit of a gut that always made me self conscious and dress in loose clothing.

The rest of the day, all I could think about was her and how soft I imagined her skin was, especially the very pale pink skin between her thighs. I had a hard time masking an almost permanent erection that tented my pants and made me even more self conscious, especially when a teacher asked me to go to the board to write something, though I luckily was so afraid at the moment about my erection being discovered that I instantly lost it, but it came back as soon as I was safely back in my seat.

At the end of the day, which I thought would never come; I raced home to get ready for my date in a few hours. Stripping off my clothes I jumped into the shower and shaved my crotch while I washed off the day of excitement, in anticipation of what was to come. I didn't really think she'd give it out that easily, but it never hurts to be prepared. She wasn't like other girls. She was smart, though she didn't show it off as much as she did her physical attributes. Her soft voice always made me lean closer to her, like I needed an excuse, so I could hear her in the crowded halls.

After I showered, I combed my mop of hair as best I could before messing it up again, because that was how I liked it. I really did like my hair, though I always complained it was a nuisance, but I liked it best when it was wet and hanged around my face, rather than just sat as a mass on my head. I slipped on a fresh, black t-shirt and changed into a nice pair of boxers and finished it off with a set of olive green cargo pants, which fit very tight at my hips and was looser near my feet, and my favorite black hoodie. She was always cold so I had fallen into the habit of offering her my hoodie until class ended. I applied my deodorant and dashed out the door, nervous butterflies in the pit of my stomach.

Arriving at her house, she exited as soon as she saw that I had pulled up, turning back into the house to say something to her family, probably something about going out. It was twilight already, so it wasn't until she got closer to the car that I could really see what she was wearing. She seemed to still be wearing the same top, but now had a short black jacket on. It had been a mild winter, so there wasn't too much reason to wear a lot of heavy clothes. She was wearing tan color cargo pants that mirrored mine. Very tight fitting around her hips and especially her ass and fit more loosely around her legs.

That image of her walking towards me is one I'll never forget. The porch light behind her silhouetted her perfectly as her large breasts bounced slightly from her walk down the steps towards the car. Hopping in the passenger seat, she beamed at me and quickly leaned over and kissed me full on, surprising me with just a hint of tongue that slid over my lips before she pulled away.

I knew she was into oriental food, and I decided to do a little something different on our date. I had always thought that dinner and a movie was so cliché, and it didn't really give you a chance to talk to your date. I took her to some little Vietnamese restaurant only a few blocks from my house, called the Little Saigon, and got a few courses to go while she waited in the car. I had a few blankets in back of the car, and we went to a little park a few more blocks away. By that time at night it was long deserted by the children and parents, leaving us alone on top of a small, grassy hill in the middle of the park, dimly lit by a street light or two.

We talked as we ate straight out of the little paper cups they had packed the food in. We eventually got onto the subject of our feelings a little after we finished our meal and set it aside, laying close on the blanket. 

"I've actually had a bit of a crush on you for awhile now..." Beth said lightly, dipping her chin down a bit to avoid my gaze, as if she had any reason to be embarrassed. 

Tipping her chin up with one of my fingers I looked straight into her eyes, "You have no idea how long I've wanted you," and with that I kissed her passionately, my tongue sliding lightly over her lips before slipping into her willing mouth to massage her tongue. I could still taste her chicken in her mouth, but it didn't bother me at all. I could've stayed like that forever and not minded. My hand slid down her side, past her waist, over her hips and behind to her butt, squeezing it slightly and pulling her closer to me so her breasts pushed into my chest.

I finally pulled back to take a breath and ended up staring at her beautiful face. Her cheeks were lightly flushed and the soft light from the street lamp nearby reflected off of her perfectly shaped nose and her lips that were still a little juicy from the meal. Her eyes sparkled as I let my gaze fall into them as my other hand stroked her cheek lightly. Finally snapping out of my trance, I leaned in for another kiss, and this time she was back to being the aggressor, which was very odd coming from a girl who acted as meek as her, her tongue sliding immediately into my mouth.

For almost an hour, we stayed like that, kissing and letting my hands explore her body. I couldn't believe what was happening. The most gorgeous girl I'd ever seen was lying in my arms and letting me kiss her as me hands slid from her thighs up to her breasts and back again, numerous times. Eventually though it got late and I had to take her home, receiving one last kiss in the car in front of her house before she got out with a little wink and retreated up the steps to her house, adding a little swagger to her hips that was only exaggerated more by the high heels she was wearing.

That night I couldn't even get to sleep and ended up masturbating just to relieve some sexual tension to make it possible to fall into a deep sleep where I dreamed of her and what I imaged lay ahead. The next morning I showered and got dressed before going to pick her up, making sure to pot on all my jewelry, from the shot bead necklace to the spiked wrist band and the rubber bracelets.

Beth came out and was wearing a very form fitting set of baby blue pajama pants and a matching jacket. I had to bite back a little sigh as she crossed in front of the car and I caught a glimpse of her ass in the pants that fit so very nicely on her, not to mention the slight bouncing of her breasts as she walked. Hopping into the car she leaned over and kissed me deeply, and when she pulled back, I saw something different in her eyes.

"I never got to thank you properly for last night," she cooed softly, simultaneously undoing the button on my pants and unzipping them in one deft movement before slipping her hand into my boxers, taking a hold of my rapidly growing cock. "I had a really good time. Thank you," Beth said slowly, letting the pad of her thumb trace all the way around the tip of my cock. Pulling her hand out, she slipped her thumb into her mouth and cleaned off the pre-cum that had begun leaking from my cock, putting her hand back in once she was finished and stroked my cock, sitting next to me as if nothing was going on except she was waiting for me to take her to school.

That's how I drove to school for a long time, with her next to me and her hand in my pants slowly stroking my cock up and down. It's really helped me learn to drive with distractions, one of the many things I should thank her for. But that first time was unforgettable. Once we got to school, I turned off the car and we just sat there for a moment, as I was rendered totally vulnerable by her actions on my cock, which was by now harder than I could remember it ever being. She picked up the pace on my cock a bit until she could feel me getting close and my balls tightening up.

"Not yet babe, you're going to have to wait for that," Beth murmured in her tiny baby voice, then leaning down and pulling my cock out of my pants and slowly cleaning the pre-cum off her hand and my cock with her tongue before sitting back up and stuffing me back into my pants and re-buttoning and re-zipping them. Our first class was the only one we had together unfortunately, and I sat in front of her. We arrived a little late, but the teacher was lenient, since we were good kids and it was the first time. 

All throughout the 50 minutes of class, all I could think of was her right behind me and what we could be dong later on. It didn't help that she crossed her legs and would drag her toes back and forth over my ass, sending small shivers up my spine. After the torturous 50 minutes, we walked to my locker, which was in a secluded part of the school, just a bit off of one of the most traveled hallways. Pressing her against the row of lockers, I pressed my body flush with hers and kissed her. That was something else I'll never forget. The feeling of my right thigh separating her legs and pressing up into her pussy for the first time while my tongue danced with hers and her chest heaved into mine is totally unforgettable.

I was late for my next class too. The rest of the day seemed to fly by. I couldn't think about anything but her, not paying attention to any of my classes. In my mind I imaged us doing every little dirty thing I had been dreaming about for months, and how those could eventually become a reality. I even got a condom from a friend who gave me an odd look, and doubted my newly formed relationship, asking if she was real or not. I ignored him too, because it didn't matter if he believed or not, because it was. 

Because of our little adventure that morning, I had parked in the very back corner of the parking lot, so no one would see us. By the time I got there, she was already inside, and from the looks of it, had her hands in her pants. When I got in, she seemed a little surprised, but didn't remove her hand for a minute or two. She didn't cum, just was reluctant to stop. 

"Would you like a taste," she asked rhetorically, knowing what the answer would be and not waiting for it. Sliding her fingers over my lips and into my mouth, I got my first taste of her heavenly pussy then, just another thing I won't forget. After I carefully cleaned off each of her slightly sweet fingers, she pulled them out of my mouth and slid them right into my pants, taking my cock in her hand for the second time that day, letting my saliva work as a simple lubricant.

Even now, that remains as one of the best hand jobs I've ever received. She started off slowly pumping it, her whole fist wrapped around the thick shaft, stopping occasionally to tease the rim of my head with her thumb. As it progressed, she would squeeze tighter and tighter around the shaft as her hand climbed closer to my head, then loosened as it slid back down, before repeating the process, almost as if she was milking my cock.

I don't remember anything but that hand job from the drive home, and am extremely amazed that I didn't get into an accident on the way, but I made it back to her house. I thought it'd be the end of her fun, but when she got out, she came to my side and opened the door, my pants still undone and now exposed to the outside world. I was a little flabbergasted until she spoke.

"Why don't you come in? My parents are out of town for a few more days, and my sister went with them," Beth softly said, leaning down into the car to make it easier for me to hear her. "Oh, and don't worry about those," she motioned toward the pants, "I'll take care of everything."

Taking my cock back in her hand, she pulled me up and out of the car, just giving me enough time to get my keys out of the ignition. Pulling me up the stairs to her house, she walked backward, one hand on my cock, the other pinching my pants closed near the top. After crossing the short yard to her house, she pushed the door open with her shoulder and pulled me inside then closed the door with her foot and slammed me up against it, letting my pants drop and kissing me with all the passion she could muster. 

I don't remember how long we stood like that, kissing, my back against the door and her body pressed tightly into mine. Suddenly, she broke away from the kiss with a twisted smile. I was still recovering from it, I licked my lips and I could taste her strawberry lip gloss. This made my cock twitch in her hand, and she must've felt it because she laughed and slowly spoke.

"I think it's time I properly showed you how much I appreciated the good time last night."

Kneeling in front of me, Beth rested her head on the top of my thigh, planting soft kisses along the base of my cock on one side, pumping her hand lightly over the tip. After a few minutes of the slow stroking and soft kisses, she sat up and yanked my boxers down, my cock, pulled down with them for a moment and bouncing back up once they were free of the boxers.

"Mmm, cock just like I like it. Hard," she quietly said. She still maintained her very soft voice, but it only added to the sexy quality of her. One hand cupping my balls, she leaned closer, the extremely soft skin on the head of my cock hitting her in the cheek, and she moved her head from side to side, letting my cock's head slide from cheek to cheek and across her soft, glossy lips. Letting a slow, long moan out, I mentally filed away this as one of the many things I'd never forget about her. 

Parting her lips slightly, she took the very tip of my cock in her mouth, her tongue darting back and forth over the little slit in my cock as it leaked pre-cum steadily. Taking the rest of the head into her mouth, she bit down just a tiny bit, her teeth catching on the rim of my head so I couldn't move any direction but into her mouth. Swirling her tongue around the head slowly and firmly massaging my balls, she elicited another moan that felt like it was coming from my toes. It was then that she moved her head down my cock, getting almost ¾ of the way down before I felt the back of her throat.

"What a shame," I thought, "I was hoping she could take it all." At that precise second, she took a quick breath through her nose and slightly pushed her head further down until I felt my cock start to slide down her throat. Once her lips were firmly pressed to my shaved crotch, she opened her mouth around my cock, slipping her tongue out past the underside of my cock and proceeded to lick around the tops of my balls as she massaged them, her free hand clenching on my ass.

"Ooooooh Goooooooooood...." I moaned, unable to think clear enough to say anything else. It was obviously a very practiced motion, but unlike other guys, I didn't care how many times she'd done it for someone else, because now as my turn. Leaning my head back so it was supported by the door, I closed my eyes and did the best I could not to explode with cum down her throat right then. Pulling back, Beth made sure not to catch her teeth on my head and sat back, gasping a little for air. She understood my concerned look and settled my fears by immediately taking my cock back in her mouth, only about half way, and twisting her head back and forth a bit as she sucked on my cock and used the hand that was previously on my ass to pump the base of my cock.

She repeated the deep throating procedure several more times, each time staying down a bit longer, even bringing my balls to her throat and humming on them, receiving another moan from me, as it stimulated not only my balls but the head of my cock as it slipped into her throat. It wasn't long before I was babbling constant praises to god and her as she brought me closer and closer to orgasm. My hips bucked instinctually back and forth, and she didn't let me pull out of her mouth one inch, her movements masking mine to keep it deeply lodged in her mouth until she decided to let me go.
