 That fateful night four months ago when Tony rescued Carla from her car just before it caught on fire was the start of a torrid romance. Since that fateful night Tony and Carla saw each other as much as possible. They enjoyed spending time together and getting to know each other better. When the discussion turned to sexual matters, as it often did, both Carla and Tony talked about their past experiences and secret fantasies. On one occasion Carla described her three hottest fantasies. Tony made a mental note that he wanted to help Carla experience at least one or more of those fantasies real soon. When they were alone, and even sometimes in public places, they were like young lovers barely able to keep their hands off each other. Their lovemaking was incredibly hot, and both Tony and Carla knew they had found someone very special. 

Due to Tony and Carla's conflicting work schedules they had not been able to get together or even talk all week, and Tony missed her so much. A steady diet of Carla's pussy and oral treats over the last four months had spoiled him, and left him constantly horny and aching for more! As Tony headed home on Friday morning after working an extra long night shift he was beat, but during the drive home his thoughts drifted to his weekend plans with Carla and he suddenly felt a lot better. In fact after he got home and had something to eat he decided that he just had to call Carla and hear her sexy voice. He dialed her cell phone number and waited for a response. After four rings she picked up. 

It was a beautiful summer morning as Carla rolled her red convertible with the top down into the parking space of the garage at the local mall. She was looking forward to doing some shopping. The lower levels were already kind of full so she decided to park on the top level so that no one would bump her doors when they got out of their car. Just as Carla was about to get out of the car the cell phone in her purse chirped it's familiar ring. She reached in quickly, and looked at the caller ID. When she recognized the number as Tony's she relaxed back into her seat as a big smile crossed her face. Carla flipped the phone open and gushed, "Hi Tony, I'm so happy that you called. I missed you so much this week!"

They talked excitedly for a few minutes about everything that had happened to each of them during the past week. Tony was sitting in the large leather chair in the living room wearing nothing but a pair of red silk boxers. The sound of Carla's sexy voice, and her magical laugh, was making him horny. Suddenly this very naughty idea popped into his head and he asked Carla, "What are you wearing today babe?"

Carla giggled a little and replied, "I'm wearing a pretty pink knit top that hugs my breasts just right, and a short flirty black skirt that right now is halfway up my thigh. Underneath I'm wearing that black bra you like, and a matching black thong. Too bad that you're not here with me right now or we could have some serious fun."

Tony loved Carla's playful nature so he decided to put it to the test. Carla I want you to put your headset on, and switch over to hands free. Carla started to ask Tony why he wanted her to switch over, but he interrupted her and said, "Just trust me baby!"

Carla was confused, but she followed Tony's instructions. When she had the adaptor plugged into the lighter she replied, "Okay Tony I'm hands free." 

Tony started to talk to Carla in a soft tone of voice, telling her how beautiful she was, and how much he adored her, and how much he wanted her. "Hmmmm…. I wish that I was there with you right now too! I would be kissing that sweet mouth of yours and letting my tongue play hide and seek with yours. Then I would lightly kiss your neck and shoulders, before letting my fingertips brush against the underside of your beautiful breasts. Carla I want you to think about me sitting there right next to you. I want you to follow my instructions and touch yourself for me!"

Carla gasped in shock, a mixture of apprehension and excitement coursing through her body as she replied, "You're a crazy man! What if somebody sees me?"

The tone of Tony's voice changed slightly as his mind raced with excitement and he said, "C'mon baby no one is going to see you. Do it for me Carla! Please…..!"

The sound of Tony's voice pleading with her to do something to please him was impossible to resist. Carla's heart was pounding in her chest as she looked around the top level of the garage. Not seeing anyone that could possibly observe what she was doing Carla reclined the seat to lower her profile in the car. She whispered into the phone, "Okay Tony I'll touch myself for you." Carla closed her eyes and then ran her long pink fingernails across her lips, down her neck, across her shoulders, and then very lightly back and forth across the underside of each covered breast. A series of whimpers, and then a soft sultry moan escaped her lips and filled Tony's ears with sweet music. 

Okay Carla now I want you to run your fingernails in circles around each nipple, but don't actually touch the nipple. Just tease and torment them for me like I would do if I was there with you right now. Let's see how hot you can make yourself for me. Just relax, listen to my voice, and let me hear your excitement."

Carla had never had phone sex before, or touched herself in a public place where she might get caught. Doing both for the first time escalated her excitement. She could already feel a damp spot forming in the crotch of her silky black thong, and her nipples had hardened quickly. Carla looked down and saw the outline of her stiff pointy nipples thrusting outward against the material of her thin bra and top. Carla followed Tony's last instruction and started to run her fingernails in slow lazy circles around each nipple without actually touching it.

Tony was rewarded with more whimpers of pleasure traveling through the phone. "Okay Carla it sounds like you are doing a good job of teasing and tormenting yourself. Do you wish it was my hands teasing and tormenting your breasts?"

"Oh yes Tony, " Carla replied breathlessly.

"Now I want you to let your fingernails just barely touch those hard nipples for me," Tony instructed.

Carla did what Tony wanted. The first contact with her nipple through the material of her bra and top caused a deep moan of pure ecstasy to pour from her mouth as electric shocks pulsed through her body. 

Tony loved hearing the sounds that Carla made when she became excited. "Oh baby hearing you whimper and moan is making me so hot. I'm sitting here in my chair wearing those red silk boxers you bought me, and my cock is standing at attention and throbbing for you. Do you want me to stroke it for you baby?"

Carla looked around again to make sure that the coast was clear then moaned loudly, "Oh yes…Tony, stroke your big hot cock for me!" 

Tony replied, "Okay baby, I'll stroke it for you!" Now I want you to slowly run the fingernails of one hand up the inside of your leg until you reach your thong, then do the same with the other leg. Then press your fingers into your crease through the thong. With your other hand I want you to start rolling your nipples back and forth between your thumb and forefinger."

Carla was so hot at this point that it didn't matter whether anyone saw what she was doing. Her pussy was tingling like crazy, and all she could think about was getting off over the phone with Tony, and bringing him pleasure at the same time. Carla followed Tony's instructions and ran her hand up her skirt, slowly tormenting herself as she anticipated the pleasure that would flow through her body when she first made contact with her crease. Carla also started rolling her aching nipples back and forth with her other hand. When her fingernails lightly brushed against her swollen lips through the soaked material of the thong Carla gasped with pleasure, then whimpered loudly as playing with her nipples and pussy at the same time drove her crazy. "Oh Tony, your making me so hot!"

"That's what I like to hear Carla. I'm getting very hot myself sitting here thinking about you touching yourself, and hearing how much pleasure it's giving you. My cock is so hard for you baby. Would you suck me off if you were here right now?"

"Oh yes……! I would suck your big thick cock until you couldn't stand it anymore, and then I would let you come down my throat." 

"Mmmm…..sounds great, too bad you're not here!" Tony replied. If I remember correctly that black bra you're wearing has a front closure."

"Yes it does Tony," Carla replied. "It's the black one that I wore for you the other week when we role-played that office scenario you enjoyed so much."

"Okay Carla, reach underneath your top and unhook your bra for me. Then slowly move each cup across your breast , one at a time until both breasts are uncovered for me. With your other hand keep rubbing your crease through the silky thong."

Carla reached underneath her top, unhooked the bra and used her fingers to drag one cup across her breast. As she did this the lace scrapped across her nipple and she whimpered loudly into Tony's ear. Then she repeated the process with the other cup. Now her large breasts were free from the confines of her bra. Her pussy was getting hotter and hotter as she touched herself through her soaked thong. Carla's whimpers and moans were coming in closer succession and stronger intensity as her pussy begged for release. 

Tony could tell by Carla's rapid breathing, and almost constant whimpering and moaning that she was getting closer to coming. "Okay baby, now I want you to slip your fingers underneath your thong and slide them inside your pussy as you think about my cock being buried deep inside. I want your other hand to roll your nipples back and forth and torment them some more for me. Your making my cock so hot for you baby!"

Thinking about Tony on the other end of the line stroking his cock, and hearing the sound of his voice and breathing as he became more and more excited was making Carla even hotter. "Oh Tony I wish we were together so I could be the one stroking your wonderful cock, and making love to it with my mouth, and having you fuck me hard and deep. I want to hear you come for me Tony!" Carla quickly complied with Tony's instructions and inserted two fingers inside her as far as they would go. Then she thought about how Tony's thick cock would feel inside her tight pussy as she slipped her other hand underneath her top and tormented her nipples while slowly finger fucking herself. 

Tony's balls were starting to tingle warning him that an eruption was imminent, so he stopped stroking for a bit to regain control and not come too soon. He wanted to make sure that Carla climaxed before he lost control and let it fly. Tony listened to Carla's whimpers and moans that were increasing in frequency and volume, and knew she was getting very close to the edge. Tony asked, "Are you ready to come for me baby?"

"Oh yes Tony…..! Your making me so damn hot and wet, and I'm ready! I want to come so bad! Please don't make me wait! 

Tony playfully replied, "I don't know Carla, you don't sound like you need it that bad to me! Take your fingers out of your sweet pussy and start working on your clit, while your other hand pulls and twists your hard throbbing nipples. Keep pushing yourself to the edge and then backing off until you can't stand it anymore and can convince me how bad you want it."

Carla sighed letting Tony know that she was becoming impatient with him for making her wait. She looked around the parking deck one more time to make sure no one could see her. Then she withdrew her fingers from her sopping wet pussy and started to run them through her crease. Another searing lightening bolt of pleasure rushed through her body as she ran her fingertips through her lips and touched her clit. Carla started to slowly flick her clit back and forth while her other hand pulled and twisted her nipples as hard as she could stand, making her whole body squirm as her need quickly reached new heights. Carla kept taking herself to the edge, then backing off a bit, then back to the edge. Her legs opened and closed in rhythm with her pleasure. Within minutes Carla was so hot that she could barely talk. She just groaned, "Oh Tony…. I need to come so bad….. please let me come now…..!"

Tony could tell by Carla's voice and her ragged breathing that Carla had tormented herself to the limit so he replied, "Okay baby I want you to come for me right now!" Tony started to stroke himself hard again, knowing that his climax would not be too far behind Carla's

Carla's thighs came together harder each time they opened and closed, and her fingers were furiously flicking her clit back and forth while her other hand kept torturing her nipples. Suddenly Carla's whole body quaked as she loudly moaned, "I'm…. coming….!"

"That's it baby come hard for me!" Tony replied.

Carla kept stroking herself faster and harder as one intense orgasm led to another. 

After hearing Carla come four or five times Tony moaned loudly through the phone as he said, "Oh yes…! Oh Carla here comes my hot load for you baby!" Tony grunted and groaned in pleasure as his cock swelled and then erupted. Stream after stream of hot man juice shot up his length and spurted all over his hand and boxers. Tony kept furiously pumping his cock as he said, " Keep coming for me baby!"

Hearing the sound of Tony stroking his hard cock and then hearing him call out her name as he climaxed pushed Carla to experience another series of four or five strong orgasms in rapid succession. 

Both of them just sat there for a couple of minutes breathing hard and sighing deeply as they enjoyed the afterglow together. 

Finally Tony recovered and said, "Thank you so much for doing that Carla. It was an incredible experience. You should see me sitting here with cream all over my hand and boxers."

Carla giggled and replied, "The pleasure was all mine!" 

They talked for a few more minutes, made plans to go swimming the next day, and then hung up. Carla used some tissues from the glove compartment to clean herself up, and then fixed her clothing. As she got out of her car she noticed a man standing near the elevator who was just staring at her. When their eyes made contact he smiled. Carla blushed, sure that he must have seen or heard something. She waited until he was gone before getting out of her car and heading to the elevator.

As she did her shopping that morning Carla had a rosy glow about her, and a little extra spring in her step. She couldn't wait to see Tony tomorrow.

It was a hot sweltering Saturday afternoon and Tony picked Carla up at her place and drove to the community swimming pool so they could beat the heat. Due to conflicts in their respective work schedules they had not seen each other this week, and only talked once on the phone. They both laughed and teased as they discussed how hot the phone sex episode had been yesterday. Just talking about it was making both of them incredibly horny. The only thing that kept Tony from taking Carla back to his house and making love to her all afternoon was that he didn't want to spoil the surprise he had planned for her that evening. Carla had arranged for her kids to stay with her sister over the weekend so that she could spend as much time with Tony as possible. When Carla removed her black knit cover-up and Tony saw her beautiful body stuffed into that tight two piece bikini his jaw dropped, and his manhood twitched in his trunks and started to harden quickly. The hot pink top was cut really deep displaying a lot of cleavage, as Carla's full breasts pushed outward trying to escape the restraints of the thin material. Her hard pointy nipples were clearly visible. The matching bottom was nothing more than a skimpy bikini, and barely covered Carla's mound and buttocks. 

They put their lounge chairs side by side, and then went into the pool to cool off. Carla caught Tony off guard and tried to dunk him. As they wrestled playfully both of them went under the water and Carla reached down and gave Tony's hard manhood a squeeze. Tony retaliated by brushing his open hand across Carla's stiff pointy nipples. When they both popped up to the surface they embraced by the side of the pool, with Carla's hard nipples pressing against Tony's hairy chest, and his rock hard shaft pressing against her mound. Not able to get too carried away at the community swimming pool they reluctantly went back to the lounge chairs to soak up some sun.

Tony was laying there, having fallen asleep with his towel covering everything up to his waist. He was dreaming about Carla doing herself for him at the mall yesterday, and he could almost hear the erotic sounds that she had made. Then Tony's dream changed and he pictured Carla playing with his cock in a public place and making him so hot that he wanted to climax. His dream seemed so real. Tony's eyes gradually fluttered open and he looked at Carla laying there next to him. She had this wicked smile written across her face as she watched him, and Tony suddenly realized why his dream had seemed so real. Carla's left hand was under the towel and inside his swimming trucks playing with his hardness. Her soft hand pulling and tugging his cock felt so damn good, and his balls were tingling as Carla fondled them. 

"Carla what are you doing, someone might see us!" Tony whispered .

Carla laughed sexily and replied, "Well Tony you did tell me that having your cock played with in a public place was a fantasy of yours, so I thought that you would like to actually see what it would be like to experience. Consider it payback for what you made me do at the mall yesterday."

"Damn Carla if you keep that up you're going to make me come soon!"

Carla giggled and replied, "Oh we don't want that to happen! It would make such a mess!" Let's go into the pool Tony!" 

Tony felt awkward walking the short distance to the water with his erection tenting the front of his swim trunks. He kept looking around, hoping that no one would notice his condition. Tony and Carla looked for a section of the pool that was somewhat deserted, then quickly slipped into the cool water. Carla pushed Tony back against the wall, and pressed her lovely body against him. Even in the cool water Tony could feel the heat of Carla's body, and her stiff nipples felt like hard pebbles against his chest. 

Carla looked around to make sure no one was watching them and then her hands went under the water and deftly slipped inside the legs of Tony's swim trunks. Using both of her soft hands Carla went to work, gently squeezing Tony's balls and stroking his thick shaft until he moaned with pleasure. Carla whispered into his ear, "I missed you so much this week baby, and I'm so horny that I feel like making you come right here in the pool."

Going a whole week without making love to Carla had been torture for Tony, and his balls were heavy with cream. When Tony felt Carla's smooth soft hands playing with his balls and cock it didn't take long before he felt those familiar stirrings as his juices started to boil. Tony whispered his reply into Carla's ear, "Oh damn baby you make me so fucking hot. Keep that up and I'm going to come real soon." Tony's hands were also busy. One hand was rubbing the underside of each breast, and occasionally brushing against her stiff nipples causing Carla to whimper. Tony's other hand had moved down to her bikini bottom and slipped underneath so he could torment her lips and clit with his fingers. 

Carla moaned into Tony's ear as his hands skillfully teased and tormented her breasts and pussy. Carla was getting hotter and hotter by the minute which only made her increase the tempo of her hand stroking Tony's cock. 

Carla's hands brought Tony closer and closer to the point of no return. He knew that his cock was going to explode soon so he moaned, "I'm almost there baby!"
