 I'm sitting here alone again with my thoughts. For whatever reason, he has preyed heavily on my mind these past few days. My mood can only be described as pensive. The last moments we shared replay on a seamless loop, leaving me curled up inside myself and feeling strangely empty and more alone than usual. I can't seem to shake it, and since I certainly can't unburden my soul to anyone else, you may count yourself lucky (if you like) or burdened (if you'd rather) while I attempt to unravel the scene as told from my point of view. Forgive me if some of it is a bit fuzzy. Sadly, enough time has passed to blur the edges a bit.

I'm hauling ass down the freeway, running surprisingly late. "Damn! Damn! Damn! This will never do! I absolutely MUST get there first! Wouldn't do to have him there waiting when I pull up. Oh hell- what if I'm not there and he LEAVES???" Finally, my SUV pulls in to the parking lot. After a quick trip around the perimeter to check, I pull up to the front and park. It's 0823. "Son of a bitch!" I rush inside to check in, finding the same Whateverstani foreign guy who was there last time. I'm only slightly less embarrassed than before as I strain to make sense of his words though the God-awful accent. "Whatever dude. Just shut the fuck up & give me the God-damned key already!" Then it's back out to the SUV to pull around, feeling naked and particularly unclean from the mental groping I endured- a combination invitation & I-know-what-you're-gonna-do, I pull around and realize it's the same room as last time. Coincidence?

My mind is flooded with memories of our previous encounter as I close the door. I set down my things, but I'm way too wound up to relax, so I begin to pace the room nervously as my thoughts swirl around in my head. "Why am I nervous? What the hell is wrong with me? I wanted this! Hell, I practically begged for it! Now wait just a damn minute! I don't beg, not ever! Damn. I did, didn't I? Why didn't I just leave here, just finish my business and go?" My thoughts are coming dangerously close to spinning out of control, to the point that I begin to get angry with myself.

"This IS your unfinished business."

"Shut up! I don't even know what the fuck I'm doing here! I should've just left."

"Oh please. You knew you weren't going anywhere. Not until..." The sound of crunching tires interrupts the heated argument in my head, and I peer cautiously out the window, just in time to see him open the door. "Shit! Did he see me?" Can't appear too anxious.

"Whatever, you begged for this."

"Shut up."

Suddenly, there he is, every inch of his impressive frame filling the doorway, exuding confidence and a raw sex appeal that fills the room, making me feel even smaller and anything but confident. He flops down on the bed, completely relaxed, and I force myself to follow, anything but. We make small talk for a bit; all the while I'm sure he's laughing at me for my adolescent nervousness, though thankfully he's kind enough to keep his chuckles inside. Then somehow, clothing begins to disappear, and we share a dislike for the stupid shelf-bra in my tank top. I practically jump out of my skin when his fingertips graze my breast. The nipple immediately hardens to a sensitive nub, and sends a shockwave to the pit of my stomach. Finally, there is no more clothing to remove, and it is time. Time to move forward, to take what I have shamelessly been begging for all along.

My attention is drawn to his cock, already standing at attention, so I settle myself and begin to take it into my mouth. I struggle a bit at first; my mouth is completely dry, thanks to being unbelievably nervous. Surprisingly, it still has the same effect on him, and I can feel him stiffen between my lips. Enjoying his reaction, my anxiety lessens as my mouth wets his cock and I begin to take in more and more. Just as I really begin to enjoy myself and feel my pussy getting moist, he interrupts me, telling me to turn around so he can share in the fun. Recalling his exceptional skill, I'm only too happy to reposition myself, knees planted firmly on either side of his head. I feel the first stroke of his tongue just as I lean forward to take his cock back into my mouth again.

I don't know when the last traces of anxiety melt away, only that they are completely gone, replaced by an almost painful awareness of his mouth pressed against my swollen lips. I feel his tongue touch every inch of my pussy, moving from outer lips to clit to inner lips and finally to dart playfully in and out. It's a truly heady combination for me, the feel of his tongue exploring every inch of my nether region as I draw his rock hard cock deep into my mouth again and again. I jump when he expands his exploration, now running his tongue around the outer edge of my asshole. A tiny part of my brain protests at his tongue's ministration as taboo, but the sensation is amazing, especially since his tongue has begun to work its way inside.

I think to myself how delicious his cock tastes just as he pulls me away to kneel upright above me. I'm disappointed at first, until realization hits, and I smile to think I have affected him, that he wants to draw it out as much as I do. He is being absolutely unfair though, as his tongue continues to glide back and forth between my sopping wet cunt and ass, even more so when his hand comes up and I feel his fingers begin to slide easily in and out, first in my pussy, then my ass, then both. Finally, he allows me to bend forward again and I gladly swallow every inch of his shaft. I feel myself getting closer and closer to losing control, the tension builds and begins to form a knot deep in the pit of my stomach. At this point, I'm grateful for the distraction sucking his cock down my throat provides.

Again, he lifts me away, and I'm left with only the delicious feeling of his tongue and fingers sliding out of my pussy and ass. I feel his fingers begin to slide into both and his tongue moves to lap at my clit. The combined sensations are too much for me to wrap my brain around and I reach behind me to grasp the makeshift headboard for support when I begin to feel myself slipping away. Finally it's all too much, the pressure has built and built inside of me until I can't hold it anymore, and I explode, releasing my sweet juices to be lapped up by his well-practiced tongue. I feel my internal muscles contract over and over again around his thick fingers buried in my pussy and ass as my body is racked by wave after wave of sweet sensation.

Slowly, the spasms subside and he pushes me forward in reverse cowgirl. As soon as I am in position, I feel the head of his cock at my pussy's entrance. Purely by instinct, I slide myself immediately down to take in every rock hard inch, gasping as his cock stretches me and fills me completely. I moan aloud. Finally... this is what I was waiting for. I move up and down his shaft, slowly at first, then faster as my still-sensitive cunt relaxes around him. The sweet friction of his cock sliding in and out is mind-blowing and I feel myself already getting closer to another orgasm. His hands grip my hips, encouraging me to speed up, and allowing him better leverage as I feel him raise his hips to meet mine. Again and again, our bodies meet and I delight in how his cock feels buried full length within me.

It barely registers when one of his hands slides away from my hips, until I feel his fingertip pushing its way into my ass again. I find it distracting at first, but the somewhat foreign sensation soon proves to be my undoing. I move faster now, slamming myself down onto his stiff cock at a fevered pace. The combination of his cock sliding deep in my pussy and the additional pressure of his fingers buried in my ass is more than I can take, and I come again, this time not quite as intense as the last because my internal muscles are prevented from contracting fully by his massive cock. When my movements slow back down, he lifts me off of him and we take a short break.

Upon his request, I bring out my toy collection for him to inspect. Before I know it, he is up off the bed, taking me with him. He directs me to the side of the bed, and guides me into a kneeling position on the edge. I feel myself shivering slightly in anticipation as I sense him positioning himself behind me. I know what he wants and I am nervous again. Memories of hateful events from my past wash over me now, brought unwittingly to the surface by my scarred psyche, and suddenly I am afraid. I find I am arguing with myself again, torn between the abused child/battered wife and the woman who wants so desperately to be whole again, to put old palpable fears to rest once and for all. I want nothing more than to give myself to him completely, but the fear within me is strong, stronger than my desire, and I have to fight the desperate urge to curl up in a little ball and cry as I did so many times before.

I flinch when his hand touches my inner thigh, my mind filled with dread. It's nothing he has done, only my memories that elicit this reaction. Not knowing what to expect from him, I find myself pleasantly surprised when he slides his cock back into my sweet pussy, moving slowly to allow me to relax around him. The delicious friction his movements create warms me again, and I allow myself to enjoy how very good it feels. Quiet little moans escape from my lips as his pace quickens. Just as I am really beginning to get into it, I feel him withdraw. I tense again, only briefly this time, when I feel the toy sliding in to replace his cock. It takes a minute to get used to this new sensation, the only person who has ever touched me with a toy is me, but soon enough I find myself liking it almost as much as when it was his cock filling me. Again he withdraws, leaving me briefly empty, until I feel him filling me, this time with his cock.

He continues this sweet torture, alternating back and forth between the toy and his rock-hard cock until I have reached a fevered pitch. When he presses the vibrating bullet against my clit, it's more than I can take and I'm compelled to push the hand with the bullet away from me, sighing in relief when its contact is broken. Again and again his cock fills my tender pussy. This time when he withdraws, I feel his hand encircle the base and guide the head upward. I automatically tense up when I feel it press against my ass. He only gently rubs it around the rim though, and then slides back down to drive it deep into my waiting cunt. I relax as his cock fills me. He withdraws and returns upward to rub it against my ass, this time pushing slightly but not yet with any force. My body tenses, he slides back down to fill me. Each time he does this, I feel myself relax around his thick shaft. Over and over, the process repeats.

The feeling of my muscles tensing as he pushes the head against my delicate asshole, then relaxing as he fills my sensitive pussy is a mind-blowing combination that slowly begins to drown out the memories of my shattered past. I still feel myself tense as he pushes himself more firmly against my asshole, but less and less. Suddenly, I am aware that the head of his cock is buried in my ass. I force myself to ignore the sounds of all I have known, and just allow myself to FEEL. He moves only slightly within my ass, ever so slowly pushing himself in deeper. The sensation is incomparable to anything I've known.

He continues to swap back and forth between forcefully cramming every rock hard inch deep in my pussy, then gently pushing more and more into my ass. I am driven to distraction by the pleasure/pain sensation of him filling me over and over. I can't think anymore, only feel him as he alternates between my two holes. Finally, his expert touch reaps its own reward and every inch of his hot hard cock is buried deep in my ass. Each muscle there is stretched to its limit around his thick shaft and I am amazed by how deliciously full I feel. It takes everything I've got to stay relaxed and open to him as he begins to move in and out. He withdraws slowly, then quickly slams himself deep in my dripping wet pussy, fucking me harder now. I begin to moan aloud as his huge cock drives deep into me over and over. My moans continue when he pulls back out and gently eases his cock back into my asshole and he begins to slide in and out.

The voices in my head are completely forgotten now. There is only the sensation of his cock filling my asshole. As he begins to move faster now, his hand reaches down and finds the toy he has set aside. I cry out in delight when I feel his slide it deep into my throbbing cunt and turn it on. The sensation of having both of my holes filled by him is unbelievable. When he begins to move them both at the same time, I almost can't take it. Completely empty, then absolutely filled by the fake dick he is slamming into my cunt and his throbbing cock buried deep in my ass. The delicious friction of movement inside of my two holes is amazing. Every stroke brings me closer and closer to losing control. I can feel how tense he is behind me, how hard he is concentrating to maintain his slow gentle pace of sliding his cock in and out of my ass, while pounding the dildo into my pussy. The harder he shoves it in, the more I want.

I feel my hands gripping the sheets, my breath coming in little gasps now. I'm so close, so close, just a little more will drive me over the edge. Oh dear God, it's so exquisite, the sensation of his cock sliding in and out of my ass while he pounds my cunt with the toy. Just a little more, a little more. It's right there now, just beyond my grasp. "Harder! Oh God, yes! YES!!! Deeper!" my mind screams out. No words are formed, only moans and gasps for breath escape from between my lips. "More! Yes, more, more!"

My hips move back of their own volition, begging him silently. Encouraged by my reaction, I feel him move faster, his thick cock now sliding deeper and more firmly inside of me, filling my ass over and over again. Finally, it's all enough, and I explode. I cry out with each delicious spasm. My pussy clamps and releases the toy and I feel my juices flow, my asshole clenches around his huge cock, my entire body shakes violently from the pulsations of my climax.

Just as my spasms begin to subside, I hear him groan softly. His hands grip my hips and he slams every inch of his now throbbing and pulsating cock one last time to spurt shot after shot of hot salty cum deep in my ass. Finally, I feel him gently withdraw, and I allow myself to collapse into a jumbled heap on the floor.