 It is late at night when I pull into the drive. I walk up stairs to my apartment. As I open the door, my eyes strain to adjust to the lack of light. I notice that the TV is on. 'That's strange, I thought I turned it off.' I push the door close and go to turn on the light. I flip the switch, but the light remains off. 'Damn! Oh, well, I'll change it in the morning.' I walk over to the TV and go to turn it off, when a slight movement catches my eye. I glance over to the couch. 

A smile breaks across my face and my dick starts to harden as my eyes roam over your body. In the flickering light of the TV, I can tell that you're wearing a bathrobe, dark blue in color. Your hands are behind a throw-pillow that's under your head. Your legs are almost in a figure 4 but not quite. The bathrobe comes to just above your knees, but that only gets my imagination wondering what you have on under the bathrobe. The V of the robe has been adjusted modestly, revealing no more than two inches below your neck. Your lips are slightly parted as if begging to be kissed. A lock of hair covers a small section of your face. At first I think that you are asleep because your eyes are closed, but the reflection of the light from the TV tells me that you're watching my every move. Looking at you, I find that your position is very erotic. The combination of mystery, modesty, and submission just gets me hotter and harder. 

I walk over to the couch and kneel down beside you. I reach up and brush the lock of hair off your face and then allow my hand to run down the side of your face to your cheek. Then I slowly lean forward and press my lips gently into yours. As I feel your lips come to life, I gently push my tongue into your mouth. Slowly it probes every inch of the inside of your mouth. As our kiss continues, I can feel the reactions of your body and my body. My hand starts to slide down your cheek. Still kissing, my hand goes down your neck, across your shoulder, down your side, along your hip, down your leg. Finally my fingertips feel your soft skin of the outside of your leg; they slide to the inside, and slowly, start going up. 

To my surprise, you reach down and prevent my hand from going farther. Not understanding your reaction, but not wanting to push you, I place my hand on the back of your neck; lifting your head and I increase the intensity of the kiss. When our kiss finally draws to a close, I pull back only slightly, and open my eyes. Your eyes open to see me still leaning over you. Your smile, your beautiful smile. Then you place your hands on my shoulders and push me back. A puzzled look comes over my face as I start to ask you if I've done something wrong. Before any sound escapes my lips, you place a finger over my lips and shake your head no. Confused, I say nothing. 

You stand up beside me and reach your hand out to me. I accept your assistance in getting up. Once I'm on my feet, you start leading me through the apartment. You lead me to the bedroom door. Guiding me into my transformed bedroom. I look around the room lit by only candles. The scent of red and pink roses mixes with burning incense. Looking at my bed, I see red satin sheets with a red satin bedspread. A single blue rose lies in-between the two pillows. 

Still guiding me into the room, you walk over to the bed. Stopping, you place me in between you and the bed. You lean in and kiss me. In response, I wrap my arms around your waist. Suddenly you pull back. You reach up and start to unbutton my shirt, taking extreme care with each button. My hands go to the tie to your robe, but you stop unbuttoning my shirt to take my hands away. Realizing the amount of time, care, and love you put into this setting, I submit to the constant tease of wondering what, if anything, you're wearing anything under the robe. Our eyes meet as you continue the unbuttoning of my shirt. I could get lost in your eyes. 

They show me all your love and caring. They fill me with such a warmth I have never felt before. You untuck my shirt. Placing your hands just above my waist, your hands run over my stomach, up to my chest, and finally pushing the shirt off my shoulders. You run your fingers down my back. Pulling me in closer and stepping in closer all at the same time. My eyes close anticipating another kiss. I feel your lips on my nipple instead. Sucking gently but hard. The sensation of the unexpected kiss causes my whole body to shiver and a soft moan to escape my lips. You step slightly back, ending this kiss. You look into my eyes and I can see the mischief glowing in your eyes and smile. Your hands go up my back, around my shoulders, play on my chest, down my stomach, and come to rest on my pants. 

As the smile on your face gets bigger, you unfasten my belt. In seconds, you have undone the button and zipper. You slide your hands down the front of my underwear, caressing my extremely hard dick. You are such a tease, and such a good one. As your hands ran up the shaft, my head tilts slightly back as another moan of ecstasy escapes me. You gently push me back, and I find myself sitting on the bed. You kneel in front of me. 

Quickly you remove my socks and shoes, tossing them aside. Placing your hands high on the inside of my thighs, you stand up again. Grabbing my arms, you start to pull me up. We are standing so close together, we start to kiss again. I feel your hands along my waist, then I feel my pants hit the floor. Still kissing you, I step out of my pants and kick them aside. I squint down, trying to see what lies under your robe. Curiosity and anticipation have never been so great. I'm tempted to just reach up and rip the robe off. As if reading my thoughts, you step back slightly. Lifting up one finger, you mouth the words 'one minute' and then turn to go. With great longing, I watch your figure sway as you walk over to the door. 

You stop at the door. You push the door shut. Glancing over your shoulder at me, you untie your bathrobe in exaggerated motions. Slowly, teasingly, you push your robe off and let it fall to the floor. Under you wear a simple blue nightgown. The hue of the gown is almost identical to the shade of the blue rose on the bed. This nightgown reveals only a little bit more than the robe. It has a shiny and smooth look that tells me it is silk. You turn. Standing sideways, I realize how tight that gown actually is. It reveals the curves of your breast, the firmness of your stomach, the curves of your hips. Your legs are now almost completely bare and no longer require imagination. You lift your index finger and indicate that you want me to join you. I walk to you, trying not to show my anticipation and eagerness. Judging by your smile, it didn't work. As I get near, you turn and open your arms. I step into your embrace. My arms enfold around you, my lips press into yours. My hands run along your back. I can feel your bra and panties through the nightgown The sensual ecstasy of the silk rubbing against your body and mine causing my desire to reach an all new high. 

You step in toward me, forcing me to step back. You continue doing so until my legs hit the bed. You slide your hands down to my waist. You push off my underwear. Totally naked, I stand before you. Your hands run up the front of my legs, just barely touching my dick. Teasingly they continue up my stomach, stopping on my chest. You push me back. I fall back on the bed. You straddle me in a kneeling position. I can feel the silk of your panties against my dick, sending shivers down my spine. You lean over and pin my arms. You lightly kiss my lips before you sit up again. Reaching down, you lift up your gown. As you pull it over your head, I sit up and start to kiss your neck. As the gown falls to the floor, my hands slide up your back. Reaching your bra strap, my fingers search for the clasp. After a few seconds, I realize that the clasp must be in the front. I place my hands on your shoulders and start sliding them down. As I feel the curve of your breasts, my hands follow the inside of the camber. Finally, I find the clasp. 

As I undo your bra, you lean back. This makes your newly revealed breasts look more tempting. Also, the motion causes your hips to grind into my dick, sending a chill down my spine. As I push the bra off your shoulders, I kiss between your breasts. I slowly work my way over to one breast with a trail of kisses. When my lips finally touch your hard nipple, I take as much of that breast into my mouth as possible. Sucking gently, my tongue plays with the hard nipple. After a few moments, I start to kiss towards the other breast. When I feel the curvature of the other breast, I start running my tongue around the breast in large circles. Each circle slightly smaller than the last. Finally, my tongue is running along your nipple. Gently I take only the hard nipple into my mouth. I bite on it, testing your reaction. Then I kiss up your chest, up your neck, across your face to your lips. 

I lean back on the bed, pulling you with me. Soon our naked bodies are pressed into each other, naked except your erotic silk panties. I slide my hands down your back. When I feel your panties, I slide my hands inside them and push them as far down as I can. Then I hold you close. With a slight twist of my body; you roll off, pulling me with you. Now our positions are reversed. I get off you, and stand up. Placing my hands on your hips, I slide them down. When I reach your panties, I continue to take them off. Then I toss them behind me. 

I lean over and kiss the instep of your foot. Slowly, I kiss my way up. Past the ankle. Midway up your calf, I kiss my way over to the inside of your leg. Past the knee. I taste the saline from your body. Mid-thigh. I can taste the moisture and feel the heat radiating from you. Top of the thigh. I run my tongue over where you are the hottest and the wettest. A groan of pleasure emerges from you. I continue to run my tongue up. Over your belly button. Up your stomach. In between your breasts. Stopping at your neck. 

I can feel the heat from between your legs on my hard dick. I rub my dick around in that area, hoping I'm teasing you as much as you tease me. Finally, I position it so all I have to do is push it in, but I don't yet. I kiss your lips. Gently I slowly push it in. The anticipation, the teasing, the waiting, the wanting, the needing, all put into this first slow stroke. The sheer thrill causes me to stop kissing you as our moans fill the air. I start to pull out, the ecstasy is so great. Slowly I continue. Each stroke adds on the growing sensations. Never have I had sex like this. Now the true meaning of making love becomes clear to me. Your arms wrap around me, pulling me closer. Your legs wrap around me also. The tighter you hold me, the faster and harder the stokes. Each stroke you hold me closer. Each stroke is faster. Each stroke is harder. Each stoke brings us closer. Our bodies covered in sweat. Our breaths short, quick, more like cries of ecstasy. The passion grows greater. I know it must soon end. Each stoke its closer. Faster. Harder. Closer. Faster. Harder. Closer. Finally, we cum in unison. 

The ending was so exhausting, I feel myself collapse on top of you. It takes me a few minutes to catch my breath. I start to kiss your lips as I pull off you. My soft, spent dick slips out of you. I lay down beside you. You turn sideways and place your head on my chest. That was the best sex of my life, but calling it that wouldn't be right. Sex does not describe the emotions and love of the experience. There is only one way I can think of to try to tell you how I feel. 

I whisper 'I love you'. My heart skips a beat when I hear your voice echo my words. 

I know that I have found all that I have ever looked for. I know who I want. I know I need you to love me. I know I need you to accept my love. I know this night is not over, for as your hand rubs my chest; my dick starts to harden again.