 It had all started from friendly taunting, she had only the best of intentions of just being a friend to him. Yet the guilt that she was even at his apartment was always just below the surface. The image he created in her mind from the time she opened his apartment door. His long languid body stretched out and relaxed in his recliner, the sound of his deep voice sending a nervous chill down her spine despite the warm July weather as he called for her to 'Come in.', would stay with her long after she would leave.

Their friendly bantering had always turned into play fighting the past two times she had came to his place. Perhaps it was just a reason for them both to touch each other without feeling the pressures of attraction, perhaps not. But either way she had thoroughly enjoyed his touch, a little more than she would like to admit.

Her mind kept her in denial the majority of the time due to her own insecurities. So when he had her hands pinned behind her back and his warm breath was cascading over the slender column of her neck, she tried to pass it off as a mistake. Or when she felt his breath in her hair, surely he couldn't be doing that intentionally. Her body melded to his of it's own accord, nuzzling her plump heart shaped ass into the front of his jeans, hopefully he didn't notice that it was on purpose. She never tried too hard to get free of his grasp because she enjoyed the domination a little too much. 

Finally twisting within his grasp she managed to get free, but not for long as he wrestled her to his carpeted floor. Her upper body was partly on the couch and her hands trapped on either side of her head. The weight of his lower body held her in sweet captivity. A scarlet flush crept into her cheeks when she realized he was so close she could smell the alcohol and orange juice on his breath. Her guilt and attraction to him were just too much to handle as those thick black lashes of hers closed over blue eyes for a moment or two. Her mind weighing the consequences and her body damning her mind.

His lips were only a whisper away. She had desperately entertained the thought of his kiss so many times before this point. Yet even with his warm breath feathering over her honey colored lips, she couldn't close that fraction of space between them. His eyes were dancing with that impish glimmer of light she had come to know although when she had first met him, it almost seemed as if his face might break if he dared smile. There was no way she was able to keep the mood light and playful with his muscled body above hers in that controlling position.

He must have witnessed the change in her expression because his strong features became more serious, more seductive. Her blue eyes darted down to his lips, watching them as they enticed her, called out to her for a taste. Unable to resist temptation any longer, not being exactly sure who had initiated the kiss, but knowing how god damned good it felt to have his mouth on hers made her whimper in the back of her throat. His tongue met hers, reaching all the way to the dark recesses of her mouth. The tip of her tongue playfully tickled at the ball of his tongue ring, which she had fantasized about on more than one occasion.

Feelings of desire coursed through her body, a ball of heat spread like fiery fingertips in the pit of her stomach as a swift kick of arousal hit her like a tidal wave, washing away her shame and leaving only wanton abandon. Her body arched towards him, pressing those pert breasts lightly against the broad expanse of his chest. He let his hands wander down and slip under the hem of her shirt, his large palms sliding over her silken skin. 

A shiver of passion erupted in the wake of his touch, goose bumps marring the delicate skin of her flat tummy. Pulling the cups of her bra down, he began to palm her large breasts, her nipples drawing tight and jutting out into the palms of his hands. He began rolling her hardened nipples between his long fingertips like two tiny pebbles, coaxing yet another moan of pleasure from deep within her throat. Her body was in tune with his as he played her like a refined instrument.

Her arms left the couch and wrapped themselves about his neck, her tiny oval shaped nails drawing unseen designs upon the heated skin of his wide shoulders. Her fingertips wandered further up and delved into his short hair. She wanted to feel so much more of him. Pulling back only enough to get her hands down to the hem of his shirt, never breaking the kiss. Her hands found their way around the waistband of his jeans, briefly teasing the skin just below the elastic before skirting upwards to grab his shirt and pull it up and over his head. 

The instant his shirt was off her eyes began admiring his body before stopping suddenly at his nipples. Heat instantly pooled between her legs when she saw the piercings. Her hands were immediately drawn to them as she flicked one with her thumb, her eyes darting to his for a reaction. She was shy by nature, whether it was her own inhibitions or inexperience, she wasn't sure, but she was so thrilled when he leaned down to claim her mouth in another heated kiss. The wicked things he was doing with his tongue inside her mouth made her grind her pelvis lightly against his thick upper thigh, the rough material of his jeans rubbing the velvet skin of her inner thighs.

His hands skimmed roughly over her breasts, making her moan his name against his lips in pleasure. He went to remove her shirt and she stopped him momentarily, damn her insecurities. He broke the kiss and looked down into her eyes, his features stern as he told her roughly, 'Stop it.', just before he pushed her hands away and removed her shirt. The red lace of her bra sheer against her tanned body. The underwire pushing her firm breasts even higher due to the fact he had already pulled it below her bust.  

She almost felt like little red riding hood as he stared at her tits with that wolfish look on his face, and the only thought she had was that she dearly hoped he would devour her. Leaning down to draw one dusky pink nipple into his mouth, his hand palming the other as her hands drew his head closer to her breast. She could feel his tongue ring brushing back and forth on her breast, driving her insane with heat. 

His free hand moved down to her shorts, toying with the button before finally freeing it from the eyelet and unzipping them. His mouth left her breast and his eyes met hers again as she tilted her hips up so he could pull her shorts down. His fingertips dragging over the skin of her long shapely legs as he ran them back up the outside of her thighs. She could feel the imprint of his thumbs on either side at the junction of her thighs and hips. 

She was actually a little embarrassed by how much she was turned on. The red lace of her boy-short panties was soaked through. He could definitely feel how wet she was as he began to rub the pads of his thumbs in a circular motion near the crotch of her underwear. Her face was flushed a deep red, and probably as red as her lingerie. Tilting her hips upwards towards his heated touch, seeking more.

Moving his right hand, palm down along her lower stomach, his long fingertips finally reaching the slick folds of her pussy. "Someone is happy to see me.", he said as his lips curled into a playful grin. "I'm always happy to see you...", She said on a breathless whisper. Working his thumb around her engorged clit, the same time his other hand slid two fingers deep inside her. She could feel her thick juices running down the insides of her soft thighs, coating his skilled fingers as they worked themselves in and out of her.

He pulled back from her momentarily, only to unbutton the fly of his jeans. Pulling them down he did so. She just couldn't help herself, she needed to touch him. Dragging her nails down the front of his torso, leaving little pink lines in their wake. His warm skin only seemed to arouse her that much more. She had longed to explore his bare body for longer than she cared to admit. Taking his hard cock in his hands, her pussy quivering with arousal as he slid his entire length inside her. 

A soft moan escaped her lips as he began to stroke in and out of her, his cock bumping her in exactly the right spot. His hands now gripped her ample thighs, his fingertips digging gently into the firm flesh. She then reached down between them to rub at her swollen clit. He felt so good pounding inside her, her pussy grasping his cock in its silken grasp. "You keep doing that girl, and I think your gonna cum.", He said, his features darkened with lust, yet his voice still held a hint of that playfulness she so liked. Her only reply was a moan as her back arched off the edge of the couch, her pussy tightening around him as she came. Her fingertips working fervently on her swollen clit. 

Slowing his strokes just a bit as she rode wave after wave of passion on his cock. If her pussy was wet earlier, it was certainly drenched now. Covering her pussy with one small hand, the other pressing gently on his lower abdomen, to keep him still while her pussy jerked in the aftermath of her climax. She shifted on the couch and accidently pulled away from him, her clit overstimulated from the rubbing. His cock in hand, he tried guiding it back into the tight folds of her pussy. But she jerked as the thick head of his cock bumped her clit, causing him to press the head of his cock against her tight ass instead. Smiling down at her he said in a threatening yet playful tone, "Hold still, or I'm going to go there." ...

*

(Let me know if you enjoyed this story by rating it, and I may post the second half.)