 It was a day like any other, a day like the thousand before, or the thousand which followed. It was a day which seemed to begin with the rising of the sun and the transformation of the slumbering masses into the active souls. It was the time when dreams shifted; slipped once more behind the veil of consciousness and yet for some this was not the case. 

Brianna walked slowly purposefully across the office, slipped around Sven's desk then sat poised upon the corner. Her thighs rustled as she crossed them, causing a shiver to race along his spine, and his eyes to snap instantly to that sound. Locking onto those glorious gams, his gaze then followed the contours of her legs. They began at the ankle, swept caressingly over the sensuous curves of her calf, the delicate smoothness of her knee and onward. They were immaculate; beyond perfect even, for each time they flashed before his eyes; they set his pants on fire and made his mind race uncontrolled. He reached out, touched the warm silkiness and caressed along them until the tiny gasp registered. His eyes darted up to hers yet it was not a gasp of shock or rejection but instead one of pleasure. 

He had waited so long for this, so long to touch her and make love to her. Slowly his hand edged the skirt higher and with it she uncrossed her legs. He could see the dark thick band of her stocking top, feel it in fact and this further fueled his desire. Standing Sven drew her into his arms and kissed her. There was so much passion there, why had he never tried this before? 

His hands now sought out another pleasure, slipping almost frictionless up under her sweater to cup and squeeze those wondrous mounds. Oh how they teased his eyes each day distracted him and caused sinful thoughts. Thoughts of how to make those nipples hard, so he might better see, to touch and taste of those breasts at least within his mind. He need not have worried though for today they were all too responsive. Pressing back against his palms the nipples, warm and stimulating to his very touch, etched an unforgettable memory upon him, and his body wanted more. Releasing his long sought prize Sven turned Brianna to lean over his desk, and then gathered her skit and lifted. No panties. He knew it. Each day when he fantasized about her, she had no panties, but now with the evidence before him his cock surged and ached so he released it. 

Now with his excitement building one hand circled around and stroked softly through Brianna's fur feeling the excitement. Her thighs were wet, her pussy more so. She wanted this perhaps even more than he. At last, at long last he positioned his cock, pressed its aching head against the lips and pushed; then the alarm went off. Struggling Sven tried to hold on, he needed to finish making love yet the sweetness of that dream was already gone. His cock though did ach, ach from a desire long suppressed. He wanted Brianna, wanted her so bad. 

Closing his eyes once more, Sven slowly slipped his hand lower and encompassed that throbbing, aching shaft. He then finished off the fantasy as best he could, stroking away the ach but building the pressure and passion of a needed orgasm. 'Oh Brianna' he cried out as he came in huge spurts of cum which arched up and slammed into his own body. 'Oh God yes!' 

With his body still awash in the experience Sven then opened his eyes to the new day. 'Another day, another fantasy', Sven thought as he lay there savoring the pleasure Brianna had brought him. Sure it was only a fantasy and it merely satisfied that tiny desire of the moment, but it was the best he could hope for because each day Brianna yet fed the deeper yearnings within, and there was no chance of anything more. 

Sven had worked in the same company with Brianna now for two years and each day he secretly studied her. He knew each line, each curve, and each tiny motion. He longed for the sounds of sighs and moans yet Brianna was the ultimate; she was unobtainable, she was married. To Sven the mere suggestion that she was sexy was almost an insult, for she was more. She represented desire, purity, grace and elegance. She was beautiful, with eyes which melted his heart, a laugh which invited company, and a body to make him weak. Brianna was older, wiser, a reason for living, and a reason for working. 

Dragging himself finally from his bed Sven headed to the shower, each day he promised himself he'd not think about her, and today was no exception. He would strive to be a better person, someone in another life Brianna might have chosen herself. He knew it might be a simple matter of finding a girlfriend, someone to take his mind off her, yet each time she was within his sight that promise dwindled until all that remained was the broken shell of his own will. It was then that each day he'd watch, wishing silently for a new vision to add to his memories, a new smell, a new dress, or even a tiny piece of new information. 

Today like every other day, it only took a smile and a soft 'good morning' from Brianna to dissolve Sven's will into dust. Thereafter his eyes followed her whenever they could. They watched, remembered and filled with lust and desire. At one point as she raced to take an important call he watched as she leaned over the mass of her desk to retrieve her phone. She then remained there stretched out taking notes unaware as Sven suffered in the sweet torture. 

His cock rose within his slacks, hard and wanton, as his eyes took in the sight. The tight smoothness of her skirt as it strained against the pressure of her delicate rump. The long sensuous lines of her thighs, as they tugged tightly against that material, as well as the soft delicate dimples at the back of each knee. It reminded him of the fantasy dream he had earlier that morning, how he laid her over his own desk in much a similar fashion and took her. He wondered how that sexy rump felt, and how she'd react as he pressed himself into it. Could he possibly think of a reason to get that close, and 'accidentally' have that happen? 

Suddenly one of Brianna's legs rose, bending at the knee as she stretched even further and then her mule slipped off. With a dull thunk as it hit the floor and tumbled to the side Sven watched. He watched as Brianna's leg dropped seeking out that wayward shoe, and he knew this was his chance. He could race to her rescue slip the shoe back upon her foot caress the calf and perhaps more. He could even try to press himself against that sweet ass. The plan was perfect, so adjusting his cock such that it rose up flatly against his tummy Sven stood and then watched as Brianna's foot found the shoe. 

No! Sven said, and then realized it had been out loud, and several people including Brianna had turned to look. Trying to save face he thumped his palm upon the desk as though in disgust then pulled his chair back and sat down. Immediately he began typing anything, everything, a rapid gobble di gook of letters as though he were working. As the scrutiny left Sven deleted all he had created then opened and started a new letter. So engrossed in the task was he that Sven failed to notice Brianna's approach. Then as she spoke his name, he quickly spun about banging his knee on the corner of his desk. 

"Oh Sven" Brianna began, "I'm so sorry." 

But already Sven was waving off the apology. Even through the grimace of pain though his heart leap as Brianna sat upon the corner of his desk, but when she crossed her legs, it was almost as though everything faded into the background and time slowed. His ears heard the sound of rustling nylon, his eyes watched the thigh appear, slip into shadow and then disappear. Then as the motion ceased, all the other senses flooded back, the pain in his knee, the din of the office and Brianna's voice. 

"Sven. Sven are you alright?" Brianna was asking. 

Slowly Sven's eyes wandered up the contours of Brianna's body, taking in the sight of her hand rubbing its palm on the upper knee, the straining buttons on her suit coat and tiny flash of black lace bra. Further yet his eyes took in the smooth hollows and swells of her neck, the ruby red of her lips and the soft quizzical green of her eyes. 

"Ummm", Sven began, trying to remember the question. "Ummm, yeah. Well sort of...I'm just a bit distracted today I guess. Can't seem to concentrate properly" 

"Oh", came Brianna's immediate response. Her hand which was stroking her knee lifted and touched Sven's forehead "Perhaps you're coming down with something. Hmmm you are a bit hot, perhaps you should lie down in my office till lunch and then if you're feeling better you can go back to work and if not you can go home." 

Stunned by the touch of Brianna's hand Sven merely looked back silently, until finally Brianna spoke again. "Come on now no arguments". Brianna then extended her arm to take him in hand as her thighs rustled once again. This time they were uncrossing and sliding forward back to the floor, but the action drew her skirt ever higher upon her thighs. Sven did not fail to notice this however, for his eyes locked upon those silken trophies at that first sound. In the time it took for the skirt to creep up her thighs until it once again fell into place Sven had not breathed. The combination of the tiny lapsed breath, the sore knee from banging the desk, and Sven's still raging hard on made for a small stumble on his first step. Quickly Brianna reacted slipping her body under Sven's arm while wrapping her inner arm about his waist for support. 

"Are you sure you're ok?" she asked with a definite air of concern. 

Sven responded with "Yeah. Yeah I'm fine it..." then his eyes fell upon Brianna. The action of her moving quickly to support him had popped open the upper most button of her jacket, and her arm stretched behind his back had opened the lapels so his eyes had a complete unobstructed view of both breasts within the black lace bra. He could see the creamy swells which rose above begging for kisses, caresses and attention. He could also see the hint of aureoles which peeked between the intricate lacy designs. Not remembering where he had left off with his last statement Sven said "I think I'm ok now Brianna it was just that first twinge in my knee" 

Brianna though was not so convinced for she had felt the sudden tensing of Sven's body as he spoke and then again as they moved towards her office and thus her response was "No, I'm going to escort you and that's final". 

There was not another word between them as they moved yet Sven could not help watching those breasts. They jiggled only slightly from each step, yet that tiny motion filled Sven with an uncontrollable desire. His cock jerked and ached within his slacks constantly reminding him, and then as Brianna guided him to the sofa, she turned him to face her. He could feel his body shake with lust, desiring to grasp her and plant the most sensuous kiss upon her lips, but he fought the desire with the last of his will. 

As Brianna then aided him in sitting down, his right hand accidentally brushed the inside of her closest calf. That simple contact was enough to burst through the final barrier and Sven allowed the hand to remain in contact. Then as she shifted him into a lying position the hand rose climbing up the calf, over the knee and finally came to rest just on the lower inside thigh. It was so sweet, so soft and warm Sven could think of nothing else so closed his eyes to imprint even the finest of details upon his memory. 

From her own point of view Brianna noted how slow and tentative Sven walked from his desk, and then as she turned him to face her she felt his body begin to shake. Perhaps she thought he was sicker than she had imagined and with that great concern flooded over her. Instantly she grasped him firmly about the waist and then guided him first into a sitting position then finally into a prone one. Her furthest hand which was circling and guiding his waist then slipped away only to brush the tip of his swollen cock. She felt it jerk from that all too brief contact, yet instantly it registered. 

From somewhere deep inside Brianna felt a rush of personal excitement flash through her body. Her eyes dropped to gaze upon that bulge, and for a moment she allowed herself to be lost within that lust. She watched as it slowly rose and fell, as though the cock itself were trying to breathe or break free, and then unable to resist Brianna swept her eyes over the rest of Sven's body. 

She knew of course why some of the other women chatted about him in private, for he had classic good looks, but more than that he offered a kind of fantasy image. He was a tall, sexy Swed. with long sort of dusty blond hair surrounding solid clean shaven features. His eyes when open, not like now, were a sky blue which seemed so soft as to distract from anything else, and his body was definitely firm. Even beneath the smart pinstriped shirt he now wore the lingering expanse of muscle was undeniable. 

Suddenly as Brianna was taking stock she froze, for she saw one of Sven's hands was between her legs and under her skirt. She tried to figure out when that occurred and how come she hadn't noticed, but the sensations within her own body seemed to burst over the dam of propriety. She could feel how hot it was resting against her thigh, but more than that she was trembling with excitement. She knew her pussy was wet, so wet and realized that even her nipples ached so. Was Sven actually excited by her body? Was that why he had a hard on? Brianna found that hard to believe for although she was not unpleasant to look at she was 20 years his senior. He could have anyone he wanted and yet right now his fingers taunted the flesh of her thigh. 

'Oh why didn't he move that hand and stroke me' Brianna asked herself, as the pleasure from that motionless contact still grew. She felt the muscles contract just a bit drawing partially closed the two legs and as that occurred the hand slipped a fraction of an inch higher. 'Oh God' Brianna moaned within her own mind 'please touch me, caress me, take me, and make me yours' yet still the hand remained motionless. Brianna knew in an instant what she wanted, which was to have Sven actively caress her, but without some kind of encouragement that wasn't about to happen. Perhaps she thought if she were to stroke Sven's cock ever so softly he would respond in kind but did she have the guts. 

Nervously she glanced about seeing who was around and who might notice, and then raised her right hand, but she also discovered she couldn't bring herself to lay it upon that hot member. Instead she guided it, in a slow parallel course across the expanse of his chest imagining without touching how it would feel. The firm quality, the contours, everything, and then she guided it lower, to repeat the process on his washboard abs. Oh how wonderful they'd feel, rippling under her fingers, urging her ever onward. Still her hand glided inches above his body, and now over the form of his cock. How it throbbed there in his slacks begging for her to stroke it, kiss it and suck it. Her fingers began to close, to form a tight concave shell, which she then intended to place upon that rod of desire, but as she completed the form the phone rang. Startled, Brianna jumped up as though caught literally in the act, and in turn caused Sven's hand to slip away and his eyes to open. They were glazed with passion, a fact which did not manage to slip past Brianna, however the phone sounding a second time filled her with guilt and instantly she turned away unable to watch Sven or his further reactions. 

As Sven opened his eyes he felt as though he were in the middle of making love, the feelings were so intense. The passion and raging desire seemed to fill each every atom of his being begging him not to stop, not now. Slowly though like earlier the constant ringing brought him out of it, and he realized another day, another fantasy. Oh how this one was strong though he could still recall the heat from Brianna's thighs. The way the muscles trembled under his fingers and the way she urged him on, and on. Then like in the morning Sven was about to finish off this most pleasant of fantasies when Brianna's voice and the clarity of his surroundings finally penetrated. 'Oh my God' Sven thought as his head turned to see those silken thighs mere feet from where he lay. This fantasy had swept over him there in the office, in Brianna's presence. His brow furrowed as he tried to understand if it was it all a dream? Surely Brianna would not have... Would she? 

For a moment longer as she still spoke he tried to study her. Had anything changed, from what he knew of his past observances? Surely there would be a sign; but no everything was as it should be. When at last Brianna had finished the call she turned back to Sven and offered him a weak smile which he chalked up to simple concern. He on the other hand seeing that she still had not noticed the open button on her jacket beamed a smile back. 

As the morning wore on Sven continued to watch Brianna. Never before did he have such a chance to study her so closely, yet it was strange for at times he seemed to have a sort of power over her. There she was just busily working away when within his mind he begged her to show him something sexy. As though by a force of will Brianna then toyed with the next button in line on her jacket twisting it to and fro as though absentmindedly trying to open it. Sven begged her to open it within his mind. Begged and begged yet that action seemed too far for Brianna to go. When at last it failed to materialize Sven tried to understand where he had gone wrong. What was required to transfer his desire into her action? Some meditative state perhaps or a calmness of spirit. What if like hypnosis he could not force an action which might otherwise be unacceptable to Brianna? At last Sven decided this might well be the case for on his next try he merely suggested for her to give him another view down the top of her blouse. How sweet it was too when after concentrating and concentrating Brianna slowly stood and leaned over her desk totally unaware as she continued working. There she was flashing him the sweetest vision of her breasts, and for a moment as they hovered there he thought he saw her nipples hard and pushing against the lace. Oh what a sight that would have been up close. The sight as it was though remained enough to cause Sven's cock to leap and grow once more and perhaps that had broken his strength of will for he watched her waiver and then sit down. 

Although he did try again several times it seemed that Brianna had become aware and resisted him for even though he tried suggestion after suggestion she merely closed her eyes, softly bit her lower lip and ignored him. Perhaps Sven theorized it was not so much her resistance as his own state of excitement for when his hardness began to lessen Brianna's eyes opened. He watched as she slowly stood and walked to her filing cabinet, then as she began retrieving something he begged her to show him more leg. She had just crouched down and opened the drawer when suddenly one leg parted slightly and turned in his direction. It was so subtle but offered a long glorious look down the other thigh. Again his cock grew aching for attention and Sven decided he'd have to do something about it. Now it was his turn to move, and thus he sat up trying to be discrete as he adjusted his cock to its most inconspicuous angle. 

All the while as Sven struggled with his own lustful demons Brianna had not been spared. There were a myriad of feelings which now flooded her mind as she answered the phone. She felt guilt, shame, curiosity, and oh so much excitement. The more she tried to concentrate on the conversation at hand though, the more she imagined Sven studying her. With his soft blue eyes he'd be undressing, caressing, and pressing himself into her. Discovering the level of her excitement and most of all he'd be insatiable. She already knew her pussy was wet, but now standing she could feel how her juices had run down her thighs coating them. The thought that Sven would then discover this, made her excitement was all the more complete. All in all it was such a sinfully wicked feeling but more than that Brianna felt alive, sexy and desirable. 
