 It all started four months ago when Tony was grocery shopping at the local Wal Mart. Tony's a fireman with engine company 54, and since he does most of the cooking for the guys at the firehouse it's also his job to do the weekly grocery shopping. Tony was almost finished with his shopping when he turned the corner into the frozen food section. He saw this cute woman with wavy shoulder length light brown hair about twenty feet ahead. Seeing her standing there stretching to reach something on the upper shelf stopped Tony dead in his tracks. 

Carla was wearing a pink t-shirt that fit snugly across her ample breasts, and the cold air coming from the upright freezer had made her nipples hard, causing them to stand out noticeably. Her nicely shaped derriere was packed into a pair of tight denim shorts making a very pretty picture.

Being a normal red-blooded male Tony felt his manhood twitch in my pants and start to harden at the sight of the beautiful woman. Technically Tony was still on duty so he was still wearing his uniform. He slowly moved in closer, pretending that he was hunting for something in the aisle, while all the time Tony kept an eye locked on what the woman was doing. Tony noticed that even though the petite brunette was standing on her tip-toes she couldn't reach the item she wanted on the top shelf. Tony paused as his cart pulled even with the woman's and smiling he politely asked, "Is there something I can help you with?"

Carla knew that the solidly built handsome fireman with dark hair had noticed her as soon as he turned into the aisle. She also knew that he had been ogling her breasts and protruding nipples as he approached her. Carla turned and smiled coyly as she replied, "Why yes you could. I can't seem to reach the frozen sweet potatoes on the top shelf."

Tony was almost six feet tall so he had no problem retrieving the sweet potatoes. As he handed the sweet potatoes to the beautiful brunette he said, "Hi my name is Tony". 

She gave him a flirtatious smile and replied, "Nice to meet you Tony, my name is Carla."

Tony's erection was tenting the front of his pants as he grinned, and his eyes drank in the full beauty of the woman. She had beautiful green eyes that were like liquid pools of emerald, and her soft sexy voice and lilting laugh were like music to his ears. They chatted for a few minutes about this and that, and then parted company. Tony noticed that Carla's hard pointy nipples were still protruding outward from the t-shirt as she turned to leave. Tony thanked his lucky stars that he had bumped into Carla in the freezer section, and had the opportunity to see her stiff nipples. As Carla walked away Tony checked out her cute butt which had a nice little sway from side to side as she walked down the aisle. His erection was still painfully tenting the front of his pants. 

Before rounding the corner of the aisle Carla quickly looked back over her shoulder and caught Tony staring at her buttocks. She hesitated for a few seconds, flashed him a quick smile, and then turned the corner. Ever since the local fire department rescued Carla's cat from the tree when she was nine she had always had king of a thing for firemen, and or other men who wear uniforms. Of course most of the women she knew also had the same fantasy. 

After that first fateful meeting Tony seemed to run into Carla almost every week at the grocery store. Every time they saw each other they would stop and flirt as they talked. Tony enjoyed Carla's warm friendly personality, and he looked forward to seeing her each week so he could get to know her a little better each time they talked. On more than one occasion Tony noticed that Carla's nipples hardened after they started talking, and like a fireman responding to a three alarm blaze his manhood quickly swelled. 

Carla would stretch seductively to attract Tony's attention to her large round breasts while her eyes checked out the bulge that always seemed to be visible in his pants. Carla had to admit that she also looked forward to flirting with Tony every week. There was something very special about the tall virile man with expressive brown eyes that turned her on, and her panties always got damp when they talked. On more than one occasion Carla had rushed home from the store, and hurriedly put away her groceries. Then she sprinted off to her bedroom to tease and torment her pussy with one of her dildo's as she pulled and twisted her nipples and drove her body crazy. As Carla made herself hotter and hotter she thought about how it would feel to have Tony touching and licking her everywhere, and using his hose to put out her fire. In no time at all Carla was climaxing wildly on the bed as she called out Tony's name. 

One day Tony was telling Carla about his cooking and she mentioned that she loved Italian food. Tony told her that he had just made some dynamite Chicken Cacciatore for the guys at the firehouse last night, and it was too bad that Carla didn't get to taste his handiwork. 

Carla asked, "Will you give me your recipe?" 

Tony teasingly replied, "I don't know Carla that recipe has been a closely guarded secret that has been handed down through many generations of my family." After seeing Carla's smile fade into a mock pout Tony relented and said, "I guess that Mama would understand why I had to give the family secret to such a beautiful woman."

After copying down the recipe Carla smiled suggestively and said, "I owe you one Tony." 

Two days later Tony had just finished the 3-11 shift at the firehouse and was heading home on the interstate. It had been one of those rare shifts when Tony had not been called out to any fires. It was around eleven thirty and he was about one half mile from his exit when he spotted a car on the side of the road with it's four way flashers blinking. Tony was the kind of guy who liked to help other people, but in today's violent world he normally would have just kept on going and not stopped. Tony didn't know exactly what made him uneasy but his gut told him something was very wrong. Tony slammed on the brakes and quickly pulled over to the side of the road behind the disabled vehicle. 

Tony got out and approached the car instantly aware that there was the acrid smell of something electrical burning. Tony could see that the driver was a woman with brunette hair sitting there but she wasn't moving. He tried to open the door but it was locked. Tony rapped hard on the window and the startled driver woke up. Tony yelled, "Your car may be on fire, you need to get out immediately."

The woman yelled back, "How do I know that you aren't some kind of nut who is going to rape me?"

Before Tony could answer there was a small "whoosh" from under the hood, and the bright glow coming from under the hood indicated that flames had erupted. Tony yelled again, "Please you must get out now, your car is on fire!"

The driver hesitated a second but seeing flames and smoke pouring out from under the hood of her car she finally responded. She grabbed her purse, opened the door, and quickly exited. She stumbled as she got out and fell into Tony's strong arms. 

It was dark and there was a sense of urgency so Tony didn't get a good look at the woman. He quickly guided her back to the safety of his car and told her to get in, then removed the fire extinguisher from behind his drivers seat. He rushed to the other car, and quickly put out the fire before it had a chance to spread and do extensive damage.

Tony walked back to his car and opened the door to get in and tell the woman that her car would need a tow, and some electrical repair work. He started to say something and then stopped in mid sentence as the light in the car revealed that the woman was Carla. Obviously by the look on Carla's face she was just as amazed when she recognized Tony.

Tony had never seen Carla anywhere other the grocery store but tonight she was dressed to kill. She looked beautiful, decked out in a pink dress that hugged her curves in all the right places. Her light brown hair was styled nicely and Tony could see that she was wearing makeup. Her nicely shaped stocking covered legs tapered downward to her three inch high heels. Tony explained that something in her electrical system had shorted out and caused the fire to start. Carla was still trembling noticeably from the shock of what had just taken place. Tony asked, "Are you going to be okay Carla?"

Carla looked at Tony for a moment and replied, "Oh my god you just saved my life Tony! When the car died on me I pulled over to the side of the road and put my flashers on. I tried to use my cell phone to call for help but my batteries are dead. I had a little too much to drink earlier and I must have fallen asleep. How can I ever thank you?"

Tony replied, "Just knowing that you are okay Carla is all the thanks that I need. I live a few minutes from here so why don't we go there and then we can make arrangements for your car."

Carla nodded her agreement and five minutes later they arrived at Tony's house. When Carla entered the house she complimented Tony on how beautifully decorated it was inside, and how neat and orderly it looked. Carla called the motor club she belonged to and they told her that since it wasn't an emergency they would not be able to tow her car until tomorrow morning. Carla told them where she wanted the car towed and hung up. Carla looked at Tony and said, "Guess that I need to ask you for another favor. Can you drive me home?"

Tony replied, "Sure I'll drive you home, but I just got off work and I'm starving. I just happen to have some of that Chicken Cacciatore from the other day left over in the freezer, and I can heat it up for us. Are you hungry Carla?" 

Carla smiled and said, "Sounds like an offer that I can't refuse."

Tony laughed and asked, "Do you need to call anyone else?"

Carla laughed nervously and replied, "I was out on the town having fun with a couple of my girlfriends tonight so the kids are staying overnight at my sisters, so no one will be looking for me tonight."

Tony put the frozen food into the oven, set the temperature and timer and asked Carla, "Would you like some wine?" 

Carla had been drinking wine earlier so she replied, "Sure why not, it's a sin to eat Italian food without having a good glass of wine." When Tony put the wine back into the refrigerator Carla noticed something that got her imagination working on a special reward that she wanted to give Tony later.

Tony poured each of them a glass of wine and escorted Carla into the living room where they both sat down in large comfortable leather chairs that faced each other and were only a few feet apart. As the conversation flowed easily Tony let his eyes roam over Carla's body. She had always looked hot even when she wasn't dressed up, but tonight she looked exquisite. Her pink dress was cut low in the front and displayed a generous amount of cleavage and showcased her large breasts. As Carla crossed and uncrossed her legs Tony was able to get a quick peek up her dress. On one occasion he even saw the lacy tops of her stockings, and a brief glimpse of her pink panties.

The timer on the oven went off so they took it out of the oven and put in onto the plates on the table. Tony poured both of them another glass of wine as they talked and joked, and enjoyed the sumptuous leftovers.. 

Carla was feeling the effects of the wine and she looked at Tony and giggled as she asked, "Are you trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me?"

Tony smiled sheepishly and replied, "You are such a beautiful woman Carla, you can't blame a guy for trying." The sexual tension that had developed between them over the last couple of months was hanging thickly in the air as they both just stared into each others eyes. 

After they finished the meal Carla excused herself and went to the powder room to freshen up. She sensed that something special was going to happen tonight and she wanted to look her best. She combed her hair and reapplied her lip gloss. 

When Carla returned Tony poured her another glass of wine, and made himself a Manhattan with lots of ice. Then they returned to the living room where he put some soft music on the expensive sound system. As the alcohol helped both of them relax they gazed into each other's eyes and their conversation became more intimate.

Carla sat there thinking about how long she had fantasized about being with Tony, and now that he had saved her life she wanted to do something very special to show her appreciation. She uncrossed her legs and spread them further apart giving Tony more than a little peek up her dress. Carla smiled to herself as she watched his eyes taking in the sight of her thigh high stockings with lace tops and her sheer lacy pink panties. Carla could see the bulge in the front of his pants and she licked her lips wondering how big he would be and how he would taste. She wondered if Tony could see the wet spot that had formed in her crotch, or smell the scent of her arousal.

The music changed and the room was filled with the sound of Natalie Cole singing "Unforgettable". Tony asked Carla if she would like to dance and he was pleased when she eagerly replied that she would love to. Tony took her into his strong arms and electric shocks pulsed through both of their bodies as they pressed tightly against each other for the first time. Tony could feel Carla's hard pointy nipples pressing against his chest as she put both hands around his neck. Tony's manhood pressed against her mound. His big meaty hands wasted no time as they softly caressed their way down her spine and grasped her cheeks, pulling her even tighter against his erection. 

Carla rotated her hips slowly grinding her mound against his bulge as she gazed up at him with lust filled eyes. Her breathing quickened, and she felt a dampness forming in her panties as her juices flowed. Carla knew that after months of thinking about making love with Tony her dreams were finally going to come true. 

Tony kissed her neck lightly causing a soft whimper to escape from Carla's lips. Then as their eyes locked he moved his lips and softly brushed them against her lips, teasing her at first and then finally locking onto her lips and giving her a long passionate kiss. They kept dancing and kissing long after the song had finished playing. 

Carla's hand snaked between their bodies and rubbed Tony's hard shaft through the material of his pants. Their tongues dueled with each other as the kisses became hotter an hotter. 

As Tony's lips alternated between kissing her mouth, neck, and shoulders his hands deftly worked the zipper down the back of her pink dress. Slowly he worked the dress off her shoulders kissing and nibbling as he went. Carla broke the embrace and stepped backwards letting the dress fall to the floor.

Seeing Carla standing there in her sheer bra and panties, thigh high stockings, and three inch pink heels was a beautiful sight and Tony's mouth gaped open for a second before he uttered, "Oh Carla you have such a beautiful body! I want to make love to you so bad!"

Carla smiled wickedly as she came back into his arms, pressing her warm body tightly against him. She slowly rotated her hips, teasingly grinding her pussy against his lance. 

Tony cupped her cheeks with his big strong hands and softly rubbed his fingers in slow lazy circles against her panty covered buttocks.

Carla backed away a little and slowly unbuttoned his uniform shirt. She helped Tony remove it, then Carla let her long pink fingernails gently scrape against his bare hairy chest and nipples as her fingers traced their way downward across his stomach. Carla tugged on his belt until it opened. Her fingers gently grasped the zipper and carefully worked it downwards. Carla hooked her hands in the waistband of Tony's pants and pulled them down over his hips, partially freeing the erection that had been painfully tenting the front of his pants. Carla let his pants fall to the floor, and Tony stood there just wearing his boxer briefs and a smile. 

Tony let his hands slowly make their way from her buttocks to her breasts. He used his fingers to gently caress the underside of her breasts through the thin material of her bra until Carla was whimpering.

Carla used her long pink fingernails to trace the outline of Tony's stiff prick causing it to twitch. She smiled wantonly as she noticed the wet spot forming where the head of his cock pressed against the boxer's. Carla reached out and firmly grabbed Tony's shaft and led him over to the leather chair. Carla wanted to give Tony a very special treat before he made love to her. After all Tony had saved her life so giving him some extra special attention was the least that she could do. Carla smiled down at him and said, "Close your eyes Tony, and don't open them until I tell you." Carla quickly went back into the kitchen, and quietly opened the refrigerator and removed the item that she had seen earlier. She returned to the living room and put the surprise on the table next to the chair. Then she straddled Tony on the chair and rocked her panty covered mound against his shaft making both of them moan with pleasure. Carla reminded Tony to keep his eyes closed.

Tony's hands were lightly caressing her neck and then moved downward across her shoulders, lingering whenever Carla whimpered letting him know where her hot spots were located. His fingers finally slid down to her breasts teasing the sensitive underside and then moving upward to just barely brush against her nipples which were rock hard and aching for his touch. Carla's whimpers grew in intensity as Tony teased and tormented her large full breasts. 

Tony's gentle touch on her breasts was driving Carla wild with passion, but she wanted to give Tony his surprise before she let things get too far out of control. Carla grasped both of his hands and said, "Oh Tony, your big strong hands feel so good touching my breasts, but I want you to just sit here for a few minutes and let me pleasure you. Please don't touch me, or open your eyes until I tell you that it's okay. Just be patient for a few more minutes." Carla reached around and unhooked her bra. Just sliding the straps off her shoulders caused her to moan softly as the silky fabric of the cups rubbed sensuously against her stiff sensitive nipples. Then she threw the bra on the floor. Carla leaned forward and pressed her bare breasts against Tony's hairy chest. The sensation of her hard nubs rubbing against the silky hair of his chest made Carla moan softly. Her panties were soaked from rubbing against Tony's hardness, and Carla was so turned on that she almost abandoned her plan to give Tony a special treat. She knew that if she let Tony touch her right now she would lose control and make him sink his hard cock into her inpatient wet pussy. 

Tony could feel the hot tips of Carla's nipples as they grazed his chest. Tony wanted to see and touch Carla's bare breasts so badly so he pleaded, "Please let open my eyes so I see finally see those lovely breasts, and please let me touch them."

Carla giggled as she replied, "Just be patient a little bit longer Tony." Carla loved the feeling of being in control as she tormented Tony. She moved backwards in his lap and slid her breasts downward across his stomach. When her breasts reached Tony's swollen manhood she cupped the large soft mounds with her hands and sandwiched his hot throbbing shaft which was still hopelessly trapped in his boxers. Carla could tell that it was a nice length and thickness and she could not wait one second longer to see how it looked. Her pink fingernails worked their way inside his boxers and deftly extricated the swollen prisoner from the tight confines. Her mouth watered when she saw the large engorged head mounted on a thick shaft with plenty of veins sticking out. Tony's cock was between six and seven inches long and so thick that Carla could barely get her hand around the shaft. She cupped her breasts together around his cock and massaged the hot lance as she slid her large breasts back and forth along his length. While Carla was tit fucking Tony she softly rolled her sensitive nipples between her thumb and forefinger.
