 Sam and Joan were still enjoying what they have started in Part 3 

From the few reviews and the number of readers still increasing gives me an incentive to give you the 4th part of Chapter 1. Chapter 2 will follow. Thanks to all and hope you will enjoy this also.

*

Our lips touched lightly, moving from right to left, collecting saliva, until both lips pressed against each other. Our tongues slowly crawled in opposite direction, playing, touching, while moving the sexual energy through, from one body to another. My right hand moved my extra hard dick up and down her slit. I felt her legs going up, turning them around my bums slowly pushing forward and without words asking me to push my one eyed head towards her opening. Very slowly I pushed in against the tight walls of her hot volcano. It went in very, very slowly until it hit the back wall, moved out again at the same tempo, in again. I did this a few times. Her legs were pressing hard against my ass indicating a stop in movement. She wanted to feel the thickness and the length. Wanted to grab it with her own muscles. Squeeze it within her tube with the strong vaginal muscles she activated.

'Oh Sam, press further in.' I pressed. 'Yes Sam that's what I like, feeling the little hole touching my little hole, pressed hard against my cervix.' 

I continued pressing, while her legs were pressing hard against my back, her muscles all the time tightening around my hard dick which seemed to be getting harder and longer.

I felt her body starting to shake lightly, enjoying deep down orgasms. Through the flowing sexual energy passing through our sexual chakras I also felt the light eruptions. It felt so good, feeling this beauty enjoying such blissful joy while we were totally connected as one total body.

I just waited, enjoying the fruits of our love making, holding her tight, looking into her closed eyes, that beautiful smile on her lips which I soon attacked as I felt another eruption. Her hands around my neck, her legs pressing against my ass, our lips joined and now the feeling of sexual energy really flowing in a circle, moving around strongly as a total eruption took over our two bodies bound in one with out mouths at the tops and our organs at the bottom. It took us some time to get back to normal. I had to work very hard using my sexual muscles to avoid blowing my load. We started to relax until our sexual energy fizzled slowly, her legs relaxed and our lips separated.

Slowly I pulled out, just leaving the head inside her vaginal opening. I gave some time for her hot blood to cool and return back close to normal. Then I started pumping her with very short trusts, taking my time, just the length of about two centimeters, in and out, in and out, until her body started reacting again, slowly, and slowly to the new pleasures building within her. Her hot blood was starting to boil, again, flowing all through her veins as her body started to shake.

'Fuck me Sam, fuckk mee.'

'You like it aye.'

'Wow Sam, the feeling is incredible. I don't think I could last longer. Not after the last one. That was fantastic.' Her moans became more frequent. My trusts, in and out of her vagina were getting stronger and faster as she started enjoying another one of her uncontrollable orgasms, the second after the many she had enjoyed since I fed her my phallus. Her legs were pressing against my body again trying to push the whole of my cock inside the depths of her love cavity. I kept giving her short strokes until I felt her orgasm reaching the higher heights when I gave her a very strong push inside, hitting the portal of her womb. She pushed against me, holding me there as tight as possible as two persons joined at the pelvic bones, enjoying the delights of the moment. We were not fucking. We were enjoying the delights of two people joined together. Her body started shacking again. I started pumping slowly in and out of her pussy feeling the tight muscles of her inside walls tightening against my over hard cock. Her finger nails digging hard in my back, nearly hurting me. While her body stiffened around my body, she started shaking and shouting with new heights of pleasure.

I couldn't move anymore. I was locked in a vice. Even my body started to shake now, not with my own orgasm but with hers. We were so entwined together that there was no way of not experiencing her feelings. After a few minutes she started relaxing. The peak of her orgasm was now subsiding; going downhill. I looked into her eyes. She looked back smiling. 'Oh Sam, that's incredible. I have never experienced such heights in my life. You are fascinating.' She said.

'I know you have enjoyed it sweetie. The way your body stiffened around mine nearly broke every bone I have. Your orgasms were incredible,' I said.

'I thought I was going through heaven.' she answered. At this point I again focused my eyes on hers. She was smiling. I slowly pulled my cock out very gently trying to feel her insides again. She was so wet that I thought it was under water. Thanks to the way her vaginal muscles are controlled that I could enjoy the perfect friction of our organs working together.

I stopped again at the opening and then started my attack very, very slowly trying to enjoy the tightness of her vaginal tube. I continued doing this for about a minute when I felt her orgasms coming back again. I then pushed inside, very slowly until I hit the inside walls, our two opening pressing against each other. 'Oh Sam, Fuck me haard ffuuck meeee haard, Saaam, fuck me hard.' she shouted. 'Ooooohhhhhhh! Ssaaammm I'mmmm cummmiinnngggg.' Our bodies became one again. I couldn't move a millimeter. My cock was inside a tight vice that it was like being into a cylindrical press.

I left her body to relax. I was concerned that I will go over myself again. I was still thinking that after I finish with Joan I still have to service Sandra who was enjoying the action. When she relaxed I slowly pulled out of her body and laid down relaxing next to her. I moved the cushions from under her ass and gave her my cock to enjoy, sucking and licking her own juices before they dry away with the midday heat. She immediately obeyed and with her tongue she licked all the juices which were sticking to my still hard dick. With a big smile on her lips I could feel that she was more than fully satisfied. We kissed and looked slowly towards Sandra who was on her back sun bathing her front at the cave's entrance. We exchanged smiles and small talk. In a short time I was leading Sandra to the shady part to experience something of the same kind. 

Settling her on the mattress I started with the usual foreplay, pussy massage etc. before I put my finger on her asshole. She was already getting very horny and had a strong eruption within seconds of my finger entering the outer ring. 

'Slowly Sam, it hurts, 'she cried.'

'Just relax sweetie. This is too small...'

'Compared to your dick!' I kept the pressure on my finger pressing slowly inward, inside her dark crevasse. It felt hot and very tight. 'Stop Sam, the pain is getting stronger. Uuch! Aaahh.' My finger was nearly embedded inside her.

My other fingers were working on her clit. By the time my massage was over she had already experienced heights never ever felt before. When I felt she couldn't control her feelings anymore I moved on top of her and pushed my dick very slowly into her tight love canal while our mouths were crushing against each other. Sandra was incredible, hot and horny like hell. The experiences she was having were stronger than Joan's. Her body was erupting at every movement my penis made. The peaks were so high that I'm sure were reaching more than ten on the Richter scale. She was enjoying deeper orgasms, one after another for longer periods. Our bodies became one with no movement either way possible. My back was aching like hell from the fingernails she was pressing inside.

She was shouting and moaning from the first orgasm until I felt it was time to pull out and let her relax. I was tired, even though my cock was still hard. After a few minutes of relaxation she stood up, looked into my eyes, kissed me while taking my still hard cock into her hands, massaging it. Then she put it into her mouth and deep throated me. Something she was very good at. She took it all inside her mouth, in and out. I very much enjoyed the sensations while at the same time controlling my self not to fill her up. The day was still young and their beautiful pussies were still in need of more satisfaction. After I was nearly at the peak for the third time I decided not to take another chance and signaled her that it was enough. I explained to her that the day was still young and they may need more cock later on.

'The day is still young,' I said. 'You probably need to enjoy more of these vibrations, soon.'

'Our needs are much stronger then you think Sam,' Joan answered back. 'Since we boarded your both we became insatiable.'

'Sure did, I must say.'

'The heat of the sum and your sexual ministrations; what are we going to do when we go back?' Sandra added.

'That a very, very difficult question and not for me to answer. While here I may be a solution, but when you go back.....'

The two girls looked at each other, then towards me. A kiss from each arrived on my cheeks then on my lips. Joan took my half limp dick into her hand and started massaging it slowly.

'It's beautiful Sam, I think we greatly miss it, when we return home. Maybe we come again, hopefully, we will not find you married or attached.'

'Well, I have no intentions yet. Shall we have lunch?

'Sure,' both girls answered.

We had lunch in the shade of the cave, and for desert I put them on all fours and massaged their wet pussies from behind. The view was incredible, having two beauties exposing their love slits from behind in a way their moist lips were opening and closing, like flower petals. 

I just knelt behind Sandra, my hand on one of her bums, slowly moving it around, massaging her very smooth piece of ass. It felt great, the smoothness of the skin, the movement of my hand around going from one to another, sometimes through the crack, over her pussy lips and against the little round rosebud. The hardness was again taking its' toll. The more my hand roamed the more the blood in my veins flowed giving me pleasurable feelings, sometimes unbelievable and nearly uncontrolled. From Sandra's I moved to Joan's, enjoying the same sensations and sure that it was having the same effect on the girls. 

I moved a bit backwards, leaned my head down and looked straight at Joan's intimate parts. Her anal hole was a little shade darker then Sandra's, but still the same, desirable. Her poutty lips looked glorious with the two little petals just visible in the flowing liquids between the major plump, blown lips. I got closer and closer, even lowering my back on the sand, looking straight, enjoying the beauty of this fabulous masterpiece. My fingers moved between her open legs, feeling them as she adjusted herself by opening them wider. Soon I started stretching her lips, opening the door to the great mysterious orifice which every man craves for. The inside pink colours of her tender skin, the beautiful parts of this cave of a million pleasures were incredible. I watched in awe, as like it was the first time, the one I never forget and never will.

'It's beautiful, my dear, exquisite, incredible.' 

'You like it aye,' she said.

'Not only like it, but will never stop looking at it, starring in the folds, the beautiful interior, the slick moisture that covers it, giving it that shiny look. It's fascinating.'

Women are beautiful from head to foot, desirable and are made to love and be loved. But when I look into a beautiful female's intimate part I become lost into it's beauty, it's magnetic attraction, thinking why the male has so much for it, the multiple functions it plays into her life, not only the pleasures enjoyed but the other joys of reproduction. Something I have lost myself along the way. I never had time to settle. I was always traveling making money and just enjoyed the beauty and pleasure of different women, of which I had too many but never to own my own and enjoy the fruits of love.

My fingers kept her lips wide open. My eyes were still focused on her stretched open cave. I just looked and stared, while one finger was massaging the inside of her full blown lip. The smooth feelings of the finger flowing along the thick juice sticking to the tender flesh, was mind-blowing. I kept this movement for a few minutes until I slipped the finger inside her hot vagina. My cock was incredibly hard. The more Joan tightened her vaginal muscles the more it grew and hardened. I should have loved, also, to take care of Sandra, but the view of her golden globes was more interesting at that point in time. My finger kept flowing in and out until I pulled it out and moved behind Sandra.

Her hot blown lips looked so huge, that even the two little petals were hidden inside. I loved the flow of juice flowing down over her clitoris. Joan's moaning sure had the desired effect, as not the first time I had a glimpse of the two girls looking at each other, even licking their lips together. I just moved one finger across the wet slit which slowly slipped between the wet lips, its' palm moving up and down the more than very wet velvet feeling slit, from the opening of her vagina to her aroused clit. The moment I hit her clit she moaned, her body started shaking and her mouth moved to meet Joan's which locked them in a very hot sensual kiss. My finger kept working on her clit, making small round movements around the most sensitive knob, sending waves of pleasure through her entire body, the flowing of sexual energy through her lips towards Joan's.

Joan, the recipient was enjoying the incoming energy, going down through her chakras, flowing down from one chakra to another until it arrived like wild fire inside her intimate sex controlling chakra. Their lips pressed harder against each other were having the desired effect of the flowing energy. They needed another connection for a circular movement. I, was the one who could induce such a connection. Their bodies had already started to shake, the movements of their hips and the silent moaning in the depth their mouths seemed evident. 

As I felt their bodies continued shaking, I stood up to a sitting position behind them and with both hands continued massaging their individual pussies. This increased the fire inside their bodies as their sexual fire burned stronger. The flow of energy was moving in both directions now, not one way. They became insatiable. I became more adventurous. My fingers entered both pussies and turning clockwise and anticlockwise tried to locate their G-spots. Once located, it got easier to use my fingers and start massaging. Their lips unlocked and they started to shout and moan as one orgasm after another was invading their now, sweat covering bodies. My hard dick was definitely receiving more than its' share of sexual energy which was flowing from one finger, through my body towards the other recipient. Wow this was great. I was in heaven, there sitting on my ass, my dick pointing upwards, enjoying the perfect view of two beautiful derrieres, their small anal entrants, very inviting and their burning pussies ready for any type of pleasure. What a perfect setup it was. Sitting there, enjoying the atmosphere which such young girls bring to an appreciative gentleman.

The pleasures of my actions were greatly appreciated by the two young ladies. The way their bodies were moving and shaking, the way the bodies had been manipulated by their own sexual energy flowing through the chakras was evidence enough of the pleasures they endured. Pulling my finger out of Sandra's I managed to get on my knees, took my hard dick into my hand and slowing pointed it towards Sandra's hot volcano. As soon as it started separating her hot blown lips her body jerked with the unexpected feeling. Slowly it continued opening and flowing inside as I continued moving my body forward, very slowly until I was more than half inside her. I felt her muscles tightening, trying to hold it where it was, then the release. They looked at each other, their eyes shining, their lips smiling as they closed slowly until they made contact. A new type of circle was introduced. My hardness became the pivot from where the energy started flowing moving through Sandra's system and then back to my finger in Joan's very hot wet vagina. More of my hardness entered and even more until I filled Sandra's vagina to the brink. She pushed backwards against my groin.

'Ohh Sam, it feels so good. Hold it there as I just like to enjoy the moment. My body's full of fire. Sam please don't move.' She said as soon as she broke contact with Joan's.

My silence was answer enough. Contact was again resumed between the girls. We kept pushing against each other, pressing our bodies together. I knew something was happing. Her vaginal muscles tightened like a vice around my hardness as her sexual energy invaded her body. A huge volcanic eruption. She cried and shouted as she hugged Joan. She started kissing her roughly. My finger still in Joan's pussy was receiving the same treatment my dick was enjoying. Joan was also on the brink of an eruption. 

My finger moved in and out of her vaginal orifice with fascinating speed. Fresh liquid was flowing out. Immediately I pulled my finger out, lifted it a couple of inches and moved it towards her brown rosebud. As soon as it touched, I just pushed in with one very strong trust, 'aauch, aauuch,' Joan cried, 'slowly Sam, it hurts.'

'How does it feel, now?'

'Still hurts. You were too rough.'

I had no answer. It was the spur of the moment. Then as I felt Sandra's muscles relaxing I started trusting in and out, first slowly, then faster as my finger was following the same orders. In and out I was fucking both Sandra's vagina and Joan's tight ass hole.

'Fuck me Sam, Fuck me, yesss, yesss,' Sandra cried.

'You like it aye.'

'Yesss, I love it. Harder Sam, harder.' One hand was holding her hip while the other was still working on Joan's asshole. My little one eyed serpent was flowing in and out, sometimes I moved my body to the right hitting her left vaginal wall, then to the left to hit the right, maybe I try to lift myself a little bit and hit her bottom wall or vise versa. The effect was taking over their bodies, again as new heights of pleasures were flowing from one body to another. I really wanted to fill Sandra's glorious pussy but the day was still a bit young. I needed to hold as long as possible. Sure Joan wanted more. They were so hot; they were not so easy to fully satisfy. 

I started wondering if the night will bring more joys. Something that up to now, I did not think about. I only dreamed about these specific moments I was going through. But now the day was already passed by half and although still young, the end of this adventure was getting closer. Something I was not ready to take lightly. Loosing such beautiful hot ladies after just a few hours of pleasure, should not be tolerable. At least up to now they were ready to put a lot of spice in their holiday. They were very enterprising seducers and both they and I gave our best to enjoy a lot of carnal pleasures. I was only hoping to learn more about them in the next hours. I knew that they seemed

very interested.

As their orgasms started to subside, I pulled out from both holes. 'Stay as you are ladies, I just like to enjoy this perfect view.' 

With the natural movement of the sun, a beautiful reflected golden coloured light was being transmitted from the sandy surface, hitting their perfect derrieres, producing the best soft light effect and bringing out the fantastic golden hues reflected back, straight into my eyes from their smooth skins. An unbelievable spectacle! Looking inside the cave, it became so beautiful, so relaxing, every surface reflecting a bright golden light. A light not easy to produce, artificially. I knew this cave from previous journeys, but never like this, the reflection, the high lights and the light shadows, very soft, so soft, impossible to describe, including these two much more than beautiful creatures I have, on all fours. Their derrieres pointing towards me, the flowing reflected golden light hitting them. The soft shadow between their open legs gave me a great inspiration. Disappointed I am not a photographer or a painter.
