 Authors note: I hope you have a great Nude Day 2004. 

You are invited to attend Sydney University's Football Club Clothing Drive

When & Where: SU Clubhouse, 14th July @ 7pm

Dress: Optional

For each bag of clothing you donate, we will let you select an item of clothing for one of our lovely cheerleaders to remove. 

Start saving your good, used clothing now! 

All clothing will be donated to a worthy, local charity. 

Katie knew she only had herself to blame for her predicament. 

Pouring herself another shot of Jack Daniel's, she quickly flung it back and felt it burn all the way down to her stomach. Dutch courage was sorely needed right now! 

She could hear the thunderous cheers coming from the other room, and prayed the ground would open up and swallow her. 

There where eight cheerleaders squeezed into the tiny back room of the clubhouse, nervously awaiting the moment when a member of the football team came and rounded them up like a heard of cattle. 

She poured herself another shot with trembling hands before passing the bottle onto Amanda.

There was a running bet each year between the football team and the cheerleaders about whether the Football team would make the finals of the New South Wales Universities Football Championship Cup. If the football team made the finals, they got to choose a prize from the cheerleaders, which was usually a form of harmless punishment, like cleaning the football team's messy dorms, or waiting on them hand and foot for a day. For the past three years the cheerleaders had won the bet, and now the footballers wanted their comeuppance after finally making the finals as well as winning the Cup. 

Only this year, the football team were playing hardball, and were not playing in accordance with the unspoken rules of what amounted to harmless punishment. When Adam, the captain of the football team, had made his announcement to the stunned cheerleaders, his intense green eyes had been fixed directly on hers as he informed them of their fate. 

It was rare for a first year university student to make the cheer squad, and Katie had been thrilled when she had found out that she had made the team. Things seemed to be on a roll for her, and she was flattered when Adam started paying her attention. He was gorgeous, with thick black hair and melting green eyes and tanned skin that had every girl on campus lusting after him. It wasn't soon enough for her when he finally asked her out, and she had breathlessly agreed. One date led to another, each ending with his intense brand of kisses, and she knew that she couldn't hope to hold out against him for very long before he took her to bed. It wasn't until Shelly, the captain of the cheerleading team, had let Katie in on a secret that she finally found the strength: the football team had bets on how long it would take for Adam to get into the new cheerleader's pants. 

Adam had never known how close Katie had been to giving her virginity. Each time they parted it was harder and harder not to invite him up to her dorm and let him do those wicked things he whispered in her ear as his fingers teased her hard nipples through her bra. 

She had avoided him as much as she could after Shelly's revelations, never returning his calls and giving him the cold-shoulder at the after game parties. She felt hurt and betrayed, but she refused to let him discover how deeply she had cared for him, when all along it had been a game for him. The only saving grace was that she had never told him she was a virgin. 

Even though he never got into her pants, it seems now he would get to see her naked anyhow. And not just him, but the whole football team and their thirty closest male friends invited to the nude day celebrations.

The bottle was passed around the huddle of anxious cheerleaders decked out in the club's colours of red and white. They each wore a club hat and carried their pom-poms to add to the clothing tally, but each knew they would be naked within a short span of time. Their rules had been adamant before they agreed to their demands: no touching, lewd suggestions, or photographic equipment of any kind. But that gave them little comfort when they knew they would be showing their nude bodies to a group of men that they often socialised with or shared the same classes. 

Katie felt her belly flip-flop as a hushed silence feel over the room next door. The door opened, and Matthew, naked as the day he was born, motioned them out into the main room. 

Katie exchanged shocked glances with the other cheerleaders as they followed Shelly out into the crowded room. Katie pushed her shoulders back and held her chin up as she walked through the parting sea of naked men as she took her place on the stage at the far end of the room. 

They hadn't known everyone would be naked, or would be soon, and it was strangely calming as well as disturbing to her nerves. 

She refused to look Adam's way where he stood by the podium as she brushed her long golden hair back over her shoulder and rested her hand on her hip. She would not give him one ounce of satisfaction in seeing the nervousness in her wide golden brown eyes. 

It was only as the first person stood up with their bag of clothing and demanded that the captain of the cheerleaders remove her tight jersey that Katie finally let her gaze fall on their avid audience. Cheers went up at the site of Shelly's large breasts barely constrained in the tight black-push up bra as she dropped her jersey top at her feet. 

Katie's curiosity could no longer be denied as they rested upon Adam's sleek muscular form, and they widened slightly at the pale strip of flesh between his hips and tops of his thighs, emphasised by the deep tan covering every other inch of him. Her eyes flicked over the firm globes of his buttocks, and she swallowed hard as she imagined the feel of them beneath her squeezing hands. 

She was dragged back to reality by hearing her name being shouted out over the din, and the owner of the voice was pointing to her skirt. Taking a deep breath, thinking sink or swim, she slowly unbuttoned her short pleated skirt and shimmied it down over her thighs before stepping out of it. Some imp of mischief made her toss the skirt into the rioting crowd rather than place it in the pile at their feet as the cheerleaders had agreed beforehand, and she was awed at the effect on the men before her. A blush crept up her cheeks as she caught sight of several excited male parts, and she tried to fight it for fear of giving Adam reason to think he had won. 

She stood before them with a coolness she was far from feeling, gazing straight over their heads upon to a spot on the opposite wall. But soon the cheering enthusiasm of the crowd was getting to her, and she had to bite down on her lip to hide her burgeoning smile. The thought of all these men getting excited at seeing her in her red and white bum-shorts with a tiny tiger stitched on the front was exhilarating. 

She was unaware of the effect of her poised stance had on the eager crowd. With her long golden legs, one knee slightly bent, and the pom-poms at her hips with her shoulders back and the shape of her breasts molded by the tight jersey top that reached only mid-riff, she was every man's fantasy. 

As if by some agreement reached beforehand by the men, one by one the cheerleaders were divested of a single item of clothing at a time before they moved on to the next cheerleader. When it was next her turn, she tugged off her left sneaker as she danced on one foot for balance, and that too she tossed into the cheering crowd. Soon the other cheerleaders were following her lead, throwing their items of clothing into the lively group of men. Nerves seemed to disappear beneath the slow smiles spreading across the cheerleaders' faces as they witnessed the effect of their slow disrobing in public had on the men, and a new sense of purpose swept over the team. As if by silent agreement they wanted every man present hard by the time the cheerleaders finished stripping. 

Next went Katie's jersey top, and she turned her back to the crowd as she slowly wiggled it over her head before clasping it to her chest. She glanced shyly over her shoulder to see if she had the crowd's attention, and seeing that she did, she slowly turned around. With a blush she tossed it into the crowd, laughing as they fought over it. 

Cheers went up at the sight of her skimpy white bra with it's red lacy trim, in keeping with team colours. The bags of clothing piled high as the men each took their turns, some having brought two or more bags in their enthusiasm. 

Time seem to fly by as her other shoe, hat, socks and pom-poms disappeared into the crowd, until it was time for her bum shorts. 

She knew she should feel embarrassed at pulling them down over her thighs and bending her knees up as she slipped them over her ankles one leg at a time, but she didn't. She felt free and adventurous as she hopped for balance, her breasts barely contained in her bra jiggling. She was caught up in the energy and enthusiasm of the naked men in the clubhouse, and what shame she had felt was washed away by the sight of all them in their birthday suits before her, unashamed by their excitement as they cheered the cheerleaders on. 

She straightened and tossed them over their heads, feeling her heart pound as dozens of pairs of eyes fixed on her skimpy white bikini briefs with it's girlish red trim. 

Some imp made her do a quick pivot on the spot, wiggling her bottom at the whistling crowd before swiftly turning back to face them, a cheeky smile on her face. 

She flicked back her long hair as she stood on the stage in her bra and panties, hand on her hip, her golden eyes full of mischief. As if drawn by a powerful magnet, her gaze shifted until they locked with dark green ones. The intensity of that somber gaze rocked through her to the core, and her lips parted slightly as she realised Adam didn't appear to be enjoying himself. Hurt flickered briefly in those deep depths before he turned his back on her and daced the crowd, and questions racing through her mind as she tried to interpret that dark look. 

She couldn't put him completely out of her mind as she unclasped the hook of her bra and let the straps slide down over her shoulders. She held it to her breasts with one hand as she slowly removed one arm then the other from the straps. Taking a deep breath, she tossed it out to the crowd, effervescence bubbling up inside her at the whistles and cheers as her breasts were freed before the encouraging crowd. 

She felt like a goddess standing on the stange, strangely liberated and relaxed as she felt eyes drawn to the small thrust of her breasts with the delicious triangles of pale flesh and their rosy tips. She knew then that she could do it, that she could take the final step and remove her panties and stand before them nude without shame.

Showing Adam she didn't care no longer seemed to be the only reason as she eased her fingers under the thin band across her hips. She ran her fingers teasingly beneath the thin band before easing it down, feeling it slowly part from her warm skin, slightly damp where it clung to her lips. Something made her gaze at Adam as she drew the thin strip of fabric down over her upper thighs, and she felt a rush of victory race through her as his heated gaze locked with hers, knowing he wasn't unaffected by her appearance. She slipped the material down further, her breasts jiggling with her movements as she leaned slightly forward. She felt triumphant as he dragged his eyes from hers to gaze upon the sparse thatch of blonde hair being slowly revealed as she slipped her panties to her knees. 

She heard the muttered groans and encouragement of the crowd as she slowly raised one leg as drew the fabric over one ankle, then the other, but her eyes were only for Adam as he slowly licked his lips as he gazed upon her triangle of blonde fluff. After what seemed an eternity he raised his eyes to hers, full of promise, and a small smile curved her lips as she threw her panties at him. 

She wasn't aware that her actions had been interpreted by the audience as a as they roared and cheered in encouragement. Adam caught her panties in one hand, still warm from her body, and she would have been shocked to discover that every man there wished they were Adam right at that moment as he slowly returned her smile with a wicked one of his own.

When finally all the bags of clothing had been piled on the stage, and the cheerleaders delightfully naked, the girls ran off of the stage in a line and through the rowdy crowd towards the back rooms, with Katie bringing up the rear. True to their word, nobody reached out to grope them as they passed, only clapping and whistling in encouragement. 

She thought she was last to pass through the swing doors, and gave a squeak of surprise when warm fingers spanned her tiny waist from behind and pushed her into a dark office off to the left before any of the other cheerleaders had noticed. 

The door was pushed shut behind them and she felt her heart speed up as she heard the soft click of the lock in the dark room. She opened her mouth to scream, but felt a warm palm clap across her mouth as a large naked body pinned her against the wall. Her eyes widened in fear as she felt his hardness press against her belly, and realised what her attacker wanted of her. 

She felt the warmth of his breath against her skin before his lips trailed down the side of her neck, nibbling at her sensitive flesh, and she felt a shiver race through her. She breathed in the familiar clean male scent of him, her hands sliding up over his muscled chest. 

"Adam," she moaned his name as his hand lifted from across her mouth and he cupped her small breasts, molding them in his large palms. 

"Let me taste you," he murmured against her skin as his mouth moved down over the swift rise and fall of her breasts. 

She gasped as his warm mouth captured a jutting nipple, the gentle suction causing it to tighten sweetly in his mouth, and soon she felt moisture beginning to pool between her trembling thighs. 

Katie arched against him in surprise as she felt his hand slide down over her belly to delve in the damp curls between her thighs. She quivered as his fingers delved between her dewy folds to caress her, massaging her with knowing fingers. 

A whimpered protest escaped her as his mouth left her breast, only to turn to a moan as his mouth worked its way down over her quivering belly. 

"Please," she cried as she felt his warm breath stir her wispy curls as he gently teased her with his fingers, not sure whether she wanted him to stop when they were so close to discovery, or to never stop. 

All thoughts flew out of her mind as he leaned forward and his tongue darted out to lick a hot trail along her slick folds. Her fingers tangled in his thick hair for balance as he eased a finger up inside of her as his tongue wiggled in her lush pink petals.

She arched against him, any measure of resistance or control lost as she drowned beneath the pleasure of his tongue and fingers working between her thighs. 

"I wanted to do this since the first moment I saw you, and I knew that when you threw those panties at me there would be no stopping this." His warm breath teased her intimate flesh spread wide by his fingers as he eased one in and out of her tight pussy with tantalising slowness. 

"Oh, god," she cried as another finger joined its mate inside of her, stretching her around the invading digits as he worked them in her melting flesh. "Don't stop." 

"I have no intention of stopping, Katie," he promised her huskily. "I going to make you cum in my mouth." 

Her legs almost gave way beneath her as he sucked on her pulsing nub as he thrust his fingers inside of her. She was panting as he stroked and teased her, his tongue swirling in her damp folds as he speared her with his fingers. Soon her moans turned to gasping cries as she squirmed on his fingers, and she almost screamed as he withdrew his plundering fingers to work his tongue up inside her snug channel. 

Her head was rolling side to side as her body quivered and quaked around him as he pushed her pleasure on and on until it spiraled out of control. She came on his mouth, his busy tongue seeking every last drop of moisture, his hands pinning her hips against the wall as she writhed and moaned. 

She slid bonelessly to the floor when he finally released her, her breathing uneven, her skin damp and heated. 

She felt rather than saw him move over her, and heard the click of the lock. 

"W-where are you going?" she asked breathlessly, her body still pulsing with pleasure. 

"I wanted you to have a taste of what we could have shared had you bothered to call me."

The quietly spoken words shocked her. "What?" 

"I wanted to show you what you could have had instead of using me to increase your popularity then ditching me." 

"What!" She gasped. "You know that's not true. It was you that had the bet with the rest of your team to see how long it would take to get into my pants. Don't try and blame this on me when you were the one at fault." 

It was his turn to mutter incredulously. "What?" She heard him fumble with something on the wall, and a light flickered on, illuminating the small office. A desk rested against the far wall with papers scattered over its surface, and beside it stood a dented filing cabinet. 

"Don't try to pretend you don't know. And why would you think I would use you to get popular?" She swallowed hard as her gaze swung back to him, and found herself gazing directly at the head of his long thick shaft rising from it's nest of black curls. 

"What bet? Who the hell told you that?"

"S-Shelly did. She was looking out for me, and thought she should warn me against you." 

There was long drawn out silence as she scrambled to her feet, her eyes averted from the sight of his impressive sex. She knew she must be a sight, with her tangled hair and flushed face. She swayed on wobbly legs, and he reached out, capturing her waist as he sought to steady her. She felt her nipples harden at the feel of his fingers sliding over her skin, his thumbs brushing the underside of her breasts. 

She gazed at his chest sprinkled with a light dusting of fine black hairs, and ached to spread her fingers over the firm flesh as her mouth closed over one of the hard flat male nipples. 

A finger under her chin titled her face back, and her wide golden brown eyes were forced to meet dark green ones. 

"Katie, if you believe nothing else, believe this," he said seriously. "There was no bet. Or at least no bet that I was aware of, but it does sound like something some of the members of my team might do."

He took a deep breath. "I liked you, even found myself falling in love with you. You were funny and sweet and genuine. When you didn't return my calls and refused to even look at me whenever we ran into each other, I was deeply hurt. I didn't know what I did or said that was wrong, that made you hate me. It was only a week or two later that Shelly told me you were insecure and needed to feel popular, and that the reason you dated me was to increase your social standing on campus." 

She shook her head, cupping his face as she reached up on tiptoe and brushed her lips against hers. "She lied. I found myself falling in love with you, and was confused, wondering how you felt. It just seemed so easy to believe all her lies." 

He kissed her, his fingers tangling in her long golden mane as he drew her up against him. She felt him against her, hard and insistent, and she gently wrapped her fingers around him. He groaned against her mouth as she tentatively explored him, feeling the moisture at its tip. 

"Was this clothes drive your idea?" she murmured as she tore her mouth from his. 
