 As sometimes happens, my disability prevents me from driving into work at the college campus where I am employed. This rarely happens but it does occasionally. Today appeared to be one of those days. 

Let me explain a few things and introduce myself before going any further. My name is Wesley Redwood. I am a C5 quadriplegic. I broke my neck in a snow skiing accident at the 5th cervical vertebrae (hence C5) when I was just 21 years young. Since that day in November I have been paralyzed from the middle of my chest (the nipple line area) throughout the rest of my body. I can move my arms and have fairly good balance. I use a motorized wheelchair in order to get around. 

I have been employed full time for the past ten years at a local community college. It is a great career and one where I truly enjoy what I do and feel honored to be a part of higher education. I work with a few great people who happen to be female....quite attractive females at that. 

This particular morning I had gotten ready to drive to work with the help of my long standing attendant Josephina. She is an amazing person who has helped me for many years to remain as independent as humanly possible while living with a disability. As I drove out of the garage, I said goodbye to Josephina who promptly got into her own car and drove off as well. 

A few blocks away I noticed that I wasn't feeling exactly right. Something was amiss. I decided to turn around and drive back home before I began to feel any worse. Typically when I felt this way it had something to do with my leg bag (a quad thing) or some other external annoyance. 

After parking in the garage I tried calling Josephina. No answer. I exited my vehicle and went into the house to see if I could figure out what was going on. I realized that there was very little urine in my leg bag which meant there was a blockage somewhere. This could turn ugly if I didn't get it fixed quickly.

Thankfully, the college I worked at was less than a mile away from my house. I had a number of colleagues at the college who had helped me in the past in similar situations. I tried reaching them by phone with no luck. Running out of options, I finally called my office. 

"Good morning. This is Natalia." The bubbly voice on the line said.

"Hi Natalia. It's me, Wesley." I replied, trying to sound as calm as possible. "Are Rebecca or Alexandria in the office?" I asked. Both Rebecca and Alexandria are supervised by me at the college and have helped me in the past when things like this have happened. 

"They are both in the training for the new PeopleSoft system currently" Natalia replied. "Is there anything I can help you with Wesley?" She asked, a sincere and eager tone in her voice.

"I hate to ask but yes there is something I need help with Natalia" I hesitantly replied as I began to explain my predicament.

"I am having an issue with what I think is my leg bag. It's not draining for some reason. I usually get help from Rebecca or Alexandria; however, it seems they are not available".

"Where are you at?" Natalia asked. "I am more than happy to help if you'd like".

"I am still at my house just down the street," I explained. "Are you sure Natalia?" I asked. "It's kind of personal in nature".

After reassuring me she didn't mind, I gave Natalia directions to my house and hung up the phone. I grabbed a new drain tube and some other supplies and placed them within reach just in case. 

I heard the doorbell ring and quickly headed to that side of the house to open it. Natalia stood on the porch patiently waiting to come in. 

"Thank you very much for driving over to help me Natalia" I stated as I opened the door and let her in. "I hope this isn't anything too serious".

"No worries Wesley" Natalie said in her upbeat voice. "I have a little experience in this area as my friend is also in a wheelchair."

"Great, this should be easy for both of us then" I replied with some relief. 

Natalia followed me as I wheeled back to the master bedroom. I positioned myself so that I could transfer out of my wheelchair and onto the bed.

"I am going to transfer onto the bed so that it's easier to figure out what is going on, OK?" I said, looking at Natalia. 

"I'm here to help so just let me know what you need me to do", Natalie said reassuringly. 

I successfully transferred back onto the bed and balanced myself. I instructed Natalia on how to lift my legs onto the bed and move my wheelchair out of the way. Lying on the bed, balancing on my elbows, I watched Natalia as she pushed my wheelchair out of the way. 

Natalia was in her mid-twenties. She had worked at the college for a few years before she was hired as a permanent employee in Admissions and Records. Natalia was an international student at the college before getting her citizenship and landing a job there. She was about 5' 6" tall with perky breasts that accented her athletic body. She had blond hair and beautiful green eyes. However, her most striking asset had to be her firm, tight buttocks. Her family had immigrated to the U.S. from somewhere in or near Russia. Her accent was thick and very sexy.

Natalia turned around from pushing my wheelchair across the room and walked back towards me. She sat on the far edge of the bed while she removed her shoes.

"I don't know why I wear these heels? They just kill my feet!" Natalia stated matter-of-factly. "Besides, it's easier for me to help you with them off."

"There. That's much better!" Natalia exclaimed as she stood up. She was barefoot wearing a colorful summer dress that was loose but still accented her sexy frame. I was still lying on the bed, perched on my elbows. I could feel beads of sweat on my forehead and running down the back of my neck.

"I think I'll need your help to see what is going on with this tube" I said, trying to keep my composure. "Would you mind helping me with my pants?"

Standing next to the bed, Natalie leaned in and proceeded to unbutton my pants and undo my zipper. Once loose, I showed Natalia how I managed to push my pants off as I leaned from side to side. She grabbed my pants and pulled them past my knees. She then walked to the end of the bed to remove my shoes.

Once my shoes were removed, Natalia grabbed my pants and pulled them off completely. She also pulled off my socks which I thought was a bit odd. 

"Thank you", I said to Natalie. "I didn't expect you to take off my shoes and socks as well. I don't want to make this a lot of work for you."

"It's no problem at all" Natalia said with a smile.

I was lying on the bed wearing only a shirt and my underwear. It was now fairly obvious that I had the beginning of an erection. I looked at my crotch in disbelief hoping Natalia would understand that, due in part to my disability, I had little control over this part of my body. 

"The problem is with my supra-pubic tube which is inserted just a few inches below my navel", I said to Natalia trying to ignore my growing manhood. "I'll need your help with exposing it."

Still standing at the end of the bed, Natalia leaned over me and grabbed my underwear, pulling them off in one swift motion. Natalia could now clearly see my supra-pubic tube as well as my semi-erect, ten-inch cock. The sight of my tube or my hardening cock caused Natalia to whisper something under her breath.

Embarrassed but needing help none the less, I talked Natalia through the process of changing my tube in order to be able to drain my bladder. She did exactly as I asked her and before long I was feeling much better. I took a deep breath and relaxed knowing the worst was over.

Natalia gathered up the leftover supplies and threw them in the trash. She assisted me with removing my shirt as it was wet from sweating. Natalia then did something a bit odd. She grabbed all of my clothes and placed them in the hamper in my closet. 

I was now completely naked lying on my bed. I felt a bit awkward, especially since my co-worker Natalia was fully dressed and I had a full-blown raging hard-on. I had not planned on this scenario. I wondered why Natalia discarded my clothes instead of offering to help me get dressed? Maybe she was just caught up in the moment?

Natalia moistened a washcloth in the sink before returning to the side of my bed. She gently sat down next to me.

"Are you feeling any better?" Natalia asked as she began to clean around the insertion point where the tube entered my body. She gently washed the area taking special care to avoid brushing her hand against my very obvious erection. This was nearly impossible due to the area in which she was washing me. It was obvious this was not her first time assisting someone such as myself.

"I am feeling much better!" I replied as I watched Natalia's hands wash me. My manhood twitched as the back of her hand rubbed against my cock by mistake.

"I really appreciate your help. Though, I must admit, I am a bit embarrassed. You know, being naked in front of you and obviously more than a little excited."

Natalia finished her handy work and got up to put the washcloth in the sink. 

"Please do not feel awkward Wesley" Natalia said reassuringly. "Trust me when I say that I am aware of your situation. And besides, I enjoy helping you."

"Well, thank you none-the-less Natalia. Did you say your friend is also in a wheelchair?" I asked, trying to ease my awkwardness.

"Yes, my friend, who is about my age, is a C6 quadriplegic. I help him out at times with his care and other things."

"That is very nice of you Natalia" I replied. "Does he have a supra-pubic tube like mine?"

"No", Natalia replied. "He has an external catheter. You know, the kind that looks like a condom."

Natalia caught herself looking at my cock as she finished her last statement. Suddenly she seemed a bit distracted. It was as if she wanted to say or do something but was afraid. I completely understood how she felt. It was a bit odd for us to be talking while I was naked with a raging boner and she was fully dressed.

"Do you mind if I use your bathroom for a moment?" Natalia asked, looking at me through the reflection in the mirror. 

"Of course not. Help yourself." 

Natalia closed the door to the bathroom as I continued to lie on the bed. My manhood bobbed up and down as the blood filled it to rock-hard size. Fine time to have a boner, I thought to myself. 

I tried grabbing my cock with my left hand while balancing on my right elbow. Maybe I could jerk off a quick one before Natalia came out from the bathroom. This would surely ease the awkwardness I was feeling, as well as my raging hard-on.

After a few tugs on my manhood I lost balance and fell onto my back. So much for that plan. All I could do now was wait for Natalia to come back and help me get dressed. Hopefully, we could work past the awkwardness of my nakedness in order to get dressed and back to the office. It was too bad, I thought to myself. I'd love to mess around with Natalia and see what was under that dress she was wearing.

This was definitely not how I had intended my day to begin. Little did I know It was about to get a lot more interesting!

It wasn't long before I heard the bathroom door open.

"I hope you don't mind but I don't think I can get you dressed" Natalia said before she walked into view.

I began to fear that me being naked was too much embarrassment for Natalia. My mind began racing to find a solution. I knew I wasn't able to dress myself. Hopefully she would at least wait to leave until I could reach my attendant or another friend. 

I lifted my head to speak when I saw Natalia standing in the middle of the room. She was completely naked, wearing nothing but a smile.

"I can't stop fantasizing about your big, hard cock deep inside me Wesley!" Natalia seductively said, her piercing green eyes looking directly at me. "My pussy has been wet since I pulled off your underwear and saw that beast between your legs" Natalia explained as she slowly walked towards the bed. 

Natalia was even sexier than I had imagined. Her breasts were small but firm. Her nipples were hard and pointed out a half-inch. Her stomach was flat. She had no body hair at all. Her right hand was toying with her wet, shaved pussy. Her finger nails and toe nails were painted to match.

She climbed onto the bed and rested herself at eye-level to my midsection. Natalia gripped my cock in her hand and placed the head to her lips.

I couldn't believe what was happening! I had often fantasized about Natalia but never in my wildest dreams would I have thought this day would come. 

Natalie looked up and our eyes met. "I think it's about time to address a certain aching we both have. Mind if I show you some other things I've learned?"

"I am all yours baby!" I eagerly responded.

Still looking at me, Natalia opened her mouth and slowly inserted my raging hard-on between her lips. I inhaled deeply as I watched my cock slide into Natalia's warm wet mouth. 

I continued to watch in amazement as Natalia sucked and licked my cock. I laid flat on the bed while she worked her magic. The sounds of her mouth eagerly working on my cock excited me beyond belief.

Natalia deep-throated my cock as her hands massaged my balls. She switched between sucking my cock and taking my balls in her mouth all the while edging me closer to lift off. 

As if sensing my desire to taste her shaved pussy, Natalia spun around and placed her naked body atop my own while continuing to feast on my cock.

Now in a 69-position, Natalia's legs were on either side of my head, her wet pussy inches away from my face. I placed my tongue on her slit and tasted her juices. Her scent was intoxicating as I began to bury my face in her crotch.

I voraciously began to tongue-fuck Natalia's pussy. She continued to suck me off as we both fulfilled our carnal desires unabashed.

I toyed with Natalia's pussy lips by sucking hard and nibbling on them between my teeth. My tongue explored every possible inch of her sexy pussy. I gently kissed her inner thigh and voluptuous ass. My tongue ventured around her tight anus teasing it to see how far she would let me go.

Natalia briefly removed my cock from her mouth and whispered, "You like my tight asshole Wesley? You want to give me a rim job while I give you a blow job?" 

I didn't verbally answer Natalia's seductive question. I answered her by ramming my tongue deep inside her tight asshole. She groaned with pleasure as she pushed herself back against my face. Her mouth once gain engulfed my cock as we continued to pleasure one another.

I rubbed Natalia's wet pussy while I ate her ass. Her hips began to gyrate as her orgasm grew inside of her. 

"Fuck yes Wesley!" Natalie yelled as she gripped my erection in her hand and stroked the entire length.

Natalia sat up and moved her body so that she was facing me, her wet pussy now resting against my erect cock.

"So what will it be boss?" Natalia teased. "Your hard cock in my wet, hot pussy or your hard cock in my tight asshole?"

"Wow, that's quite a dilemma! I don't think I have any condoms so your tight asshole is probably the safer bet" I eagerly replied.

"My ass it is!" Natalia giggled as the smile grew wider on her face. She lifted herself slightly while she guided my cock head into her anus just past her sphincter.

I held her hips as she pressed down on my hard-on. Natalia was facing me as I watched my erection fill up her little anus. My entire length was in her ass as she sat still for a moment. The tight sensation was erotic! Natalia's ass muscles were massaging my cock from inside. She didn't move up or down but rather flexed her muscles around my cock. 

"You like that?" Natalia whispered. 

"Oh fuck yes!" I blurted out. "I've never felt anything like this before Natalia!"

She continued with the muscle trick while slowly moving up and down. I couldn't believe how tight Natalia's ass felt wrapped around my cock. 

The sensation was so unreal that I began to ejaculate inside her ass. 

"Oooh, I love the way warm cum feels inside my ass!" Natalia said as I blew my load inside her.

My body was reeling from the orgasm I just had. Natalia sat atop me, my cock still buried inside her ass. 

"You like that technique?" Natalia asked as she leaned towards me for a kiss. I put her face between my hands and kissed her passionately. 

"That was the most amazing thing I have ever felt!" I honestly replied.

"Just wait until you feel what my pussy can do!" Natalia whispered in my ear as she kissed my earlobe. She slowly lifted herself off of my cock. Cum dribbled out of her asshole coating her pussy lips. 

Natalia slipped a finger between her crotch and brought it to her mouth. "Mmmm, your cum tastes good too!" 

My cock gradually lost its erection once freed from her tight anus. Natalia rolled off of me and laid on her back next to me on the bed. Both of our bodies were hot and sweaty. 

Natalia continued to play with her pussy, inserting two fingers between her cum-covered lips. I watched as her slender hands pleasured her own body. She bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes as she enjoyed herself. 

I worked myself up onto my elbows and leaned towards Natalia. I gently kissed and licked her breast. Her nipple was hard as I nibbled on it. I heard Natalia moan as I enjoyed her tit in my mouth.

With my left hand I rubbed Natalia's stomach and other breast. Her skin was soft and warm and smelled of coconut. 

Natalia raised her hips into the air as she continued to finger her pussy. The sound of wetness was unmistakable. "Oh Wesley, I want you to fuck my pussy so bad!" She cried out.

Leaning on my right elbow, I grabbed my cock in my left hand to try and expedite another erection. I rubbed my hand up and down my shaft coaxing it into a hard-on. It didn't take much watching Natalia masturbate next to me. 

"Will this do the trick?" I said to Natalia. She opened her beautiful green eyes and looked at my crotch. Another smile stretched across her face. 

"That's exactly what my pussy needs!" Natalia yelled out as she pushed me onto my back and once again sat on top of me. She grabbed my cock and guided it between her aching pussy lips. Once lined up, she began to slide my hard cock inside her. Natalia gasped as she struggled to take my entire ten-inch length into her.

"Fuck you have a big cock!" She groaned. "How in hell did this fit in my ass?" She chuckled as she continued to stretch her pussy around my cock.

"Damn Natalia! You are so fucking hot." I moaned as she rode my manhood. Her hands pressed on my chest as she pushed her body weight onto my cock. After a few minutes Natalia's pussy was able to stretch enough to allow my entire length inside her. 

"Fuck Wesley!" Natalia moaned. "This cock of yours is fucking unbelievable! My legs are shaking."

Natalia slowly moved herself up and down as our bodies became one. She slowly increased the speed of her thrusts, driving herself closer and closer to a climax. 

Natalia sat up and put her arms behind her head while she bobbed up and down on top of me. Her pussy felt amazing. I watched Natalia's body heave and flex as we fucked one another.

"I'm going to cum baby!" Natalia breathed heavily. She leaned back and placed her hands between my legs as she continued to impale herself on my erection. I placed my hands on her hips to guide and control the angle of her body.

Natalia's mouth was open wide and her head thrown back as she sucked in air. "Fuck me baby! Fuck me Wesley! Fuck me boss!" Natalia screamed out as her orgasm overtook her. "Yes, yes, yes, yessssssss!"

I had reached my own climax and began to cum again. I shot my load into Natalia not even thinking about the fact that I wasn't wearing a condom. "I'm cumming baby!" I said out loud expecting Natalia to jump off of me.
