 Disclaimer : the following is a work of fiction. It may contain scenes of violence, bondage and/or sexual situations which may or may not be consensual, and is intended for adult readers only. All characters  portrayed in this story are adults. This work in not for profit and is intended as entertainment only. The author does not support or encourage violence or humiliation towards women or anyone. Characters in this story are fictional and not based on any person living or dead, and are not meant to infringe on any existing characters in other literatures.

*******************

Roughly a week and a half ago, Tom's life had taken an unexpected turn when he had met a young woman at a bar. He had gone out with his best friend Porter. Tom had ended up on the receiving end of a great handjob in the back of a minivan courtesy of Myriam, all the while Porter had fucked another girl by the name of Tina. It had only escalated the next week when Tom had found out the girl was in one of his classes, Tom teaching the History of Asia at Penndale University. After inviting herself to his office and playing around with him, she had offered to Tom that they spend some 'fun' time together, and Tom had accepted the deal.

Although Tom had seen Myriam in the Thursday class, they had barely talked. It wasn't surprising. Any open communication might betray their strange 'play' arrangement, and Tom didn't feel confident he wouldn't somehow reveal himself through an unusual reaction. They had however chatted over SMS a few times, nothing serious until Friday.

MYRIAM: Heyo
TOM: Hi. Wassup?
MYRIAM: Thinking of weekend. Plans?
TOM: None.
MYRIAM: Awesome. Date night?
TOM: Sure. What do you have in mind?

It had taken about an hour for Myriam to answer, making Tom all fidgety.

MYRIAM: Movie. My place. Saturday. 7ish.
TOM: Ok. Address?

She had given him the location, then continued her exposé.

MYRIAM: Roommate is gone so just you and me. Don't get hopes up. Period.
TOM: Understood.

It was amazing to Tom how utterly open Myriam could be about her life; what was less amazing now was how much teasing she could get away with, as she added something to her presentation.

MYRIAM: Course, for your fun, not an issue, right?

He didn't answer. She added "LOL", and they left it at that. Friday and Saturday rolled by uneventfully, and Tom took the bus to his destination. He had eaten supper already but had left room for dessert, bringing pastries from a local bakery. He hoped she would appreciate the gesture. He went up the flight of stairs to the fourth floor and proceeded to knock on the door.

Myriam opened up with a smile on her lips. She sported a nice beige camisole and mid-hip shorts, barefoot. She waved him in and checked him out. He had chosen a light blue t-shirt and jeans. She told him to take off his shoes and led him into the kitchen.

"My place. I share it with my best friend."
"She's out, you said," he confirmed.
"Yep. She'll be back after midnight. Working at a call centre."

She took the bag of pastries, taking in the smell of the freshly baked rolls.

"Nice. Thank you."

She then showed him around the apartment, avoiding her friend's room. There was a cramped bathroom; a decent living room with two loveseats, a flat screen on the outdoor wall, a balcony door; a kitchen-dining room barely enough for two people. Myriam's bedroom was as big as the living room, and she had a queen-sized bed which took up a lot of space.

"Modest place, but rent is cheap."
"Neighborhood is safe," Tom added. "I lived around here for a few months between places several years ago."
"Oh. Cool."

They headed back to the living room, where Myriam loaded her movie account. She flipped the channels to see content.

"So, I was thinking of a double feature."
"Sure. You pick."
"Well, actually, she said, I was going to let you pick the first one between two categories. Comedy or action?"

Tom paused, considering.

"Am I going to be judged on my choice?"
"Perhaps."
"Well, if I'm damned either way. Action."
"All right. You pick the category, I pick the movie."

She flipped through the selection and spotted a few titles that seemed to be of interest to her. She verified with Tom that he hadn't seen them before, then made her selection and sat down beside him. For about an hour and a half, talking intermittently, they watched the movie. Most often, they laughed as the ridiculous action hero ran through obstacle after obstacle in the most incredible way possible. When the gratuitous nudity happened with the naked girls in the changing room as the fight rolled into that area, Myriam commented on their perky artificial breasts.

"Mine are better, don't you think?"
"You certainly have a way of making me uncomfortable," he chimed in.
"What? You don't think they're better?" she joked back. "Well, maybe I don't show them to you again until you've earned it."

Despite the awkwardness, Tom laughed. The movie was soon over, neither spectactor really lifted by the acting or storyline.

"Well, it had nice special effects," Myriam commented.
"You're still talking about the breasts, right?" Tom replied in a cheeky tone.
"Ah! Funny!"

Myriam grabbed the remote and paused the credits, then loaded the selection menu. She seemed to hesitate, then turned the on-demand off. Tom watched her step off the couch and move to a closed shelf inside the TV stand. She opened it, revealing a length of DVDs. She smiled as her finger perused the selection.

"All right... this is the treasure chest."

She looked back at him with a mischievous twinkle in her eye, and Tom suspected the contents of the DVDS. Most seem unmarked.

"So... I have a bit of a selection here... we'll do it the other way around this time."
"Meaning?"
"I pick the style of movie, and you pick the specific one."
"I don't know your collection," he hazarded.
"Not a problem. All right... just to let you know the available styles I have..."

She picked up an index card with markings on it.

"You categorize your porn?" he asked
"Doesn't everybody?" she replied, matter of fact.

He didn't reply, still amused by her entire behavior - and a bit turned on. Tom hoped the next events would provide some release and satisfaction. Even after only two encounters with Myriam, he had come to expect it. And watching porn boded well for that.

"I choose... Lesbians."
"That's the category?" he inquired.
"No," she smirked at him, "in daily life, I choose lesbians, because they're so amazing and good with furniture. Of course, it's the category!"

He took the comment for what it was, merely a joke, and continued.

"I'm curious... what were the other categories? Surely, you didn't need the index card to make that choice?"
"Let's see," she replied, then read the index titles. "Anal. Asians. Big Dick. Gay. Ebony. Lesbian. Mature. She-male. Threesome. Titties. That's it."
"How many videos do you own? Are you running your own porn website?"

It was a bit surreal for Tom. The comment made Myriam stop and think, then she laughed.

"You know what, I probably could. But no, I don't have that many. And it's not all mine."
"And you still have it on CDs? Why not just browse on the internet?"
"It's more discreet that way. No tracking of my internet habits."
"I suppose."

Tom wasn't convinced this was the reason, but he didn't really care at this point. She had chosen to watch some lesbian porn, a decision which he certainly didn't mind.

"Ok, so how do I choose which one?"
"Pick a number between 1 and 12."
"12."

Myriam picked up on the CD cases, opened it, plugged the CD into the machine and set it to load.

"These are quickies," she explained. "We'll load scene number 12."
"Ah!"

When all was set up, she returned to the couch and she sat an arm's length away from. As the scene started to load, she unbuttons her shorts.

"Take a cue from me," she told him as she unzipped.

He imitated her, going as far as removing his underwear since she was already pantyless. A moment later, they were both naked from the waist down. Tom also removed his socks.

They both stared at his erection, already half-mast from all the earlier sexual banter.

On the screen, two Asian schoolgirls kissing appeared. The sight made Tom jolt as he cursed his luck for accidentally choosing such a stimulating visual. But Myriam called him out.

"It lasts about twelve minutes. I want you to stroke yourself all the while. Don't hold back. It's a challenge."
"To hold it in, you mean?"
"Yes. If you hold out, you'll get a treat."
"And if I don't?"
"There's always next time," she answered.

Myriam pulled her knees up and apart, and her fingers went to the spot between her legs which, from this angle, Tom could not see. In all fairness, he was more interested in staring at the partner beside him, her gorgeous figure, her perky breasts hidden under her beige camisole, the curve of her legs. Still, he turned his gaze to the scene on the screen while his hand travelled to his penis.

The Asian girls seemed to Japanese in origin. There was no dialogue, no pretense at story. The girls kissed plentily, showing much more tongue than was needed. Slowly, they stripped out of their schoolgirl clothes, losing their ties, shirts, skirts, bras, panties, shoes - but keeping their socks on. Half of the video had already gone by, with Tom's hand never once leaving his body. Beside him, Myriam was clearly enjoying her hand between her legs, as she began panting.

"Aw... fuck..." she whispered.

That, more than the video, excited Tom and he felt the surge increasing in his body. He could always slow down while stroking; it would buy him some time to earn whatever treat Myriam had in mind. At this point, with her eyes closed and her body focused on her own pleasure, she wouldn't even notice. Yet Tom felt this would be cheating. Still, his gaze went more frequently to Myriam, whose lower body was now slightly trembling.

On the screen, the kissing had moved to between the girl's legs, as they had flipped into a 69 position. None of the scene was blurred, meaning this had not been shot in Asia - or not censored there, anyway. Thanks to the camera work, Tom could see it all. Their pink flesh, shaved pussies, gorgeous curves. They weren't skinny and this enticed Tom: too many porn models were nothing but bones, at least as far as he was concerned.

"Aw my god..." Myriam mumbled beside him.

If she faked it, she did it well. About eight minutes had elapsed into the video when Tom's eyes wandered to his partner and uncovered a new wonderful sight: the orgasm racing across her face. Instinctively, he stroked harder, forgetting that his purpose had been to hold out - wanting to join in Myriam's experience. Even as the tremor kept shaking her core, Tom felt his tip swelling with tension.

"Aw yes..." he yelped.

There was no holding it in. Tom just made a mess across his hand and on Myriam's couch - having completely forgotten to anticipate and prepare for the release. He saw Myriam watching him as he ejaculated, smiling, the lingering sensations of her own release slowly fading.

On the screen, the lesbians were starting to release their own moans of pleasure. Myriam grabbed the remote and paused the scene.

"Well, that was fun," she smiled.
"Yeah. Oof. Guess I didn't last..."
"Who cares?" she simply called out. "I had fun, you had fun. What better treat do you want?"
"True... and I got to watch you climax."

She almost blushed, smiling.

"I'll make a pervert out of you yet, Tom."
"I already am, but thanks for trying."

She leaned over and tossed him a box of tissues, grabbing one for herself in the process. He cleaned himself and the couch as she wiped the fluids between her legs. She got up and headed for the bathroom. He just stayed there, staring at her behind as she walked away, then looking back at the frozen scene on the screen. He sighed, not for frustration but for bewilderment.

For the rest of the night, she didn't bother covering herself up more, going around her apartment in nothing but her camisole and socks. Tom picked up his underwear and slipped it on. Quickly, she grabbed his pants and socks and dragged them to her bedroom, tossing them near the bed.

"You're staying here tonight."
"I am?"
"Yes. Sleeping in my bed. If you're game."
"I'm game, but does it entail anything but sleeping?" he asked for clarification, not wanting to assume her intentions.

She smiled at how he was always mindful of making things clear.

"You're gonna have to trust me."
"I do. Implicitly. I just want to know beforehand."
"I know. I'm teasing. I told you, no sex tonight. To avoid temptation, I'll even wear a pyjama. But I'd like you to sleep naked - if you don't mind."
"Sure."
"That way," she added, "if I want to give you a blowjob in the middle of the night, I don't have to wake you."

Tom coughed at the suggestion, making Myriam laugh once more.

"You gotta stop doing that to me," he told her.
"Is that what you really want?"
"No."

For the remainder of the evening until they went to bed, the two merely hung out, drinking a beer each, and chatting about anything but school. Tom, extremely knowledgeable because of his education and many interests, chatted politics, business, movies, anything that came to mind. Myriam listened with a shy smile, throwing in a comment every now and then. When midnight hit, Myriam told Tom it was time for bed. They moved into her bedroom and Tom stripped naked, while Myriam put on pyjama pants and a different camisole. Getting into bed together was strange for Tom; he didn't make any moves on her so they simply laid down.

"Good night, Tom."
"Is it going to be okay with your roommate tomorrow morning?" he asked.
"Oh! It will be fine. I wouldn't ask you to stay otherwise."
"Okay. Good night."

Around 12:30, watching the minutes go by on the digital clock, Tom heard the door to the apartment open. Myriam was already fast asleep. He heard quiet movement in the hall, and then another door open and close. The sound of flushing water followed a few minutes later, a few more doors, and nothing. The roommate was in.

Eventually, Tom managed to drift into slumber, wondering how we would wake up, given what Myriam had said earlier.

He stirred to a sensation of movement. He opened his eyes to watch Myriam standing naked in front of her mirror. He remained still, enjoying the view. She ran her fingers along her sides, and he heard whisper.

"You're beautiful, you know that. You're special and people like you. You're worth it and you're going to be fine. Better than fine. Great."

Tom closed his eyes, feeling as if he were intruding on an intimate moment. He chose to consciously ignore her voice. Eventually, she moved around the bed and went to stand over him, whispering as she touched his shoulder.

"Tom... good morning."

He opened his eyes again, feigning a first-time waking up.

"Yeah?"
"It's around eight. It's time to rise."
"Okay."

This time with her aware of it, he stared her down.

"Gosh, you're beautiful."

She blushed, almost taken aback by the compliment.

"Ah. Thanks. Anyway, get up, please."
"Sure."

He slipped out of bed, slowly rising. He had expected to wake up aroused, given his dreams and thoughts before falling asleep, but he was only fairlyt hard. She grabbed his hand and shushed him with her finger. She led him into the hall, near her roommate's door.

"I'm going to give you a treat, now."
"A treat? Do I deserve one?"
"It's not about that. You have to promise me two things. First: you won't make a sound. Second: you watch. You don't touch yourself at all."
"Okay," Tom replied, puzzled.

Given his agreement, Myriam gathered her courage and pushed the door to her friend's room open. She crawled in silently, motioning for Tom to remain near the door. He peered in. He could see straight into the bed, where a dark-haired young woman was sleeping. Tom watched Myriam creep to her bed, leaning down, planting a kiss on her forehead. It wasn't hard for Tom to anticipate what came next. The woman stirred gently, moving about, and Tom noticed she was wearing a blindfold.

"...Myri?"
"It's me," the brown-haired half Asian whispered to her.
"...time is it?"
"Too early for you, but I missed you last night?"
"...didn't you have a date?"

The woman was barely stirring, even though her words were clear.

"Yeah. It went great. I still missed you."

Myriam leaned in and planted a sultry kiss on her roommate's lips. The passion showed when it was returned. By then, Tom was already rock hard. Myriam started pulling the blankets off her friend: she was naked.

"Oooh... cold."
"Don't worry, Becka. I'll warm you up. Just keep the blindfold on."

With those words, Myriam climbed on top of her friend Rebecca - Tom would get her full name eventually. The two roommates started kissing, trading passionate tongue back-and-forth even as their bodies pressed against one another. Tom's hand wandered to his crotch for a moment; he remembered his earlier promise and placed his hands squarely away from it, one on the door frame to steady himself, the other behind his back. Still, watching the two young women make out stirred some primal force inside him as he felt his entire manhood twitch with desire.

It certainly didn't help when Myriam started moving down, kissing her friend's neck, breasts, belly, inner thighs, and then landing between her legs. The angle didn't work to allow Tom to see the oral intercourse Myriam was providing her friend with; it was however perfect for Tom to see Myriam's raised behind, legs slightly parted and exposing her pink to him. The temptation to rush up and take her was extreme, but Tom had made a promise and he knew that if he disobeyed, if he allowed his baser impulse to take over, that would be the end of the game. Still, holding his instincts in was starting to drive him crazy.

"Oh... Myri... yes... god... eat me..."

Tom looked away for a moment, holding onto the fame to avoid stumbling. He felt the rush inside him but it would not find release without some form of stimulation.

He saw Rebecca quiver from delight, then pull her friend up so they could further kiss. A moment later, Myriam was sliding upwards and landing her sex on Rebecca's face. Again, the angle didn't let Tom really see anything of that, though he caught a great sight of Rebecca's glistening pussy, wet from Myriam's saliva mostly. With her back to Tom, Myriam allowed her friend to eat her up as she grinded gently against her lips and tongue. She didn't hold in any sounds. Again, absentmindedly, Tom's hip hand went to his erection and he stroked fiercely for a few seconds, realizing he had once again faltered. Resolutely, he pulled his hand away.

"Oh! Becka! You're so good..."

The oral intercourse didn't last long. When Myriam climbed off her friend, Tom could see small droplets of blood on Becka's face. Quickly, Myriam grabbed tissues to wipe them away.

"Sorry... you know I was on my period, right?"
"I knew. I don't care," Rebecca answered, now fully awoken.
"Want to sleep in some more?"
"Yeah... but first... how was your date?"
"Amazing," Myriam answered and it made Tom swell with pride. "He's really nice, and he knows how to follow orders."
"Good for you, but didn't he deliver last night? Why'd you jump me this morning?"
"Oh! He delivered. He's still sleeping in my bedroom. I just missed you."
"I love you too, dumb-face," Rebecca sneered before kissing her roommate.

Tom took this as his cue and discreetly headed back into Myriam's room. A few moments later, Myriam arrived, shutting the door behind her, a satisfied smile on her lips.

"You have been nothing but amazing," she told him. "How many other guys wouldn't have jumped in?"
"It wasn't my place," he replied, "though I wanted to so bad."
