    All characters are fictional, and over the age of 18. Thanks for reading. Please give me a rating, and drop me a comment, if you like. I welcome your feedback. 



 I walked in the front door of the office. It was a pretty full house, today. The training sign in sheet was more than half full, already, and it was still quite early. As was my habit, I scanned the roster for names I hadn't seen before. There were a few, but one seemed to stand out, if only for its exotic sound.

 "Anastasia Kovlenkova," I said quietly. It rolls trippingly off the tongue. There were several Russians in the office, most of them women. Some were worthy of a second look, while others made you regret the first one. I wondered which category Anastasia would fall under. It didn't take long to find out that I was going to need a third category: Holy shit! She's gorgeous! 

 A friend of mine, one of the first category Russians, waved me over through the crowd. Kira was talking to someone whose back was to me, but even this angle was intriguing. About 5'9" in black wedge heels... Long hair to the middle of her back, more red than auburn, but darker than red, with a nice wave to it..... Black leggings hugging firm legs and a verrry curvy bottom... Her top was clad in red velvet. I only hoped the front view was as good as the rear one. 

 It wasn't. It was far better. I stepped up and hugged Kira, before turning to face the as yet unidentified redhead. I almost gasped when I saw her. Huge, grey-green eyes peered back at me. Pouty red lips glistened invitingly. And on the subject of 'huge'.... Her breasts certainly qualified, filling the velvet with delectable curves and an almost magnetic amount of cleavage. 

Oh, God.... Please, please, please be a hugger! I simply must feel those incredible globes pressed against me, my brain begged as Kira introduced me. "This is Anastasia," she said, "but most people call her Nassia." 

 "Great to meet you, Nassia," I said as she opened her arms to hug me. Thank you! I thought, stepping forward. Now, most of the time, we give a one armed hug, kind of a side saddle one, to avoid any inadvertent harassment. I started in that direction, only to have Nassia go full frontal, mashing her magnificently full, round boobs into my chest. She held the hug longer than usual, as well, and the feeling of her firm breasts against me was incredible. Finally, she pushed back. 

 "No vone hass called me Anastasia zince I vas leetle girl. Zat vas long time ago," she said coyly, batting her eyes and looking down at her chest momentarily. She added that she was 27 years old. Besides the obvious accent, the slightly breathy nature of her voice was intoxicating. She was a sexpot, no question. 

I believe that! I thought. Jesus! What a greeting! 

 And so it began. Every time I ran into Nassia at the office, she would give me a melon massage. It was all I could do not to grab her ass while she hugged me. She had an extensive wardrobe of cleavage revealing dresses, blouses and sweaters, which she delighted in teasing me with. Well, maybe not just me, and not just her cleavage. She knew how to show off her other assets, as well. She definitely knew how to flaunt it. 

 Months of this followed. I just loved her accent, and would flirt a little with her as well. "Nassia, darling, you are so cruel to me," I said with a smile, obviously staring at her cleavage. 

 "You are verrry bad boy!" she replied, leaning forward slightly to enhance the view. "My favourrrite kind!" 

 One day, when I arrived at the office, Nassia was already there. Her already wide smile seemed even wider, and her eyes sparkled even brighter than usual. The only thing missing was a sign that said 'good news'. She had passed her licensing exam. I had helped her study a bit, but by no means did I deserve the greeting I was about to receive. 

 She took about three steps toward me and virtually leapt on me. Her arms flew around my neck, and she hung there, feet dangling above the ground. "I pass! I pass! I pass!" she giggled excitedly. 

 To say she surprised me would be something of an understatement. My natural reaction was to try to support her, so one arm came down around her waist, and the other went..... a little lower. Before I knew what was happening, I had a handful of her ass cheek. Her boobs were making dents in my chest, and intentionally or not, her firm ass quivered under my grasp. Then she kissed me on the neck. 

 As I lowered her to her feet, she looked at me with those smouldering eyes, and turned away. She walked a few feet to the doorway, then turned to glance at me over her shoulder. She placed her hand on her butt, on the same cheek that had so recently been in contact with my hand, and rubbed. While she did that, she smiled, and then she stepped around the corner. A few seconds later, her hand peeked back out, and she crooked her finger at me. 

 Curiosity got the better of me. I followed her into the training room. When I rounded the corner she had her back against the wall, which pushed her tits out even more than usual. Her blouse of choice today was made of burgundy silk, with a low scooped neckline. She was looking down at her prominent decolletage, grinning, as though she knew exactly where my eyes would land. 

 "I vant zank you for helpink me vith exam. I zee you look at me. I zink you like vhat you zee. You vant zee more?", she asked. 

 I definitely wanted to see more, but I didn't want to take advantage of her. "Nassia.... I appreciate the offer, but.... you don't have to do that. I was happy to help you. No strings attached." I said, smiling at her. She pouted. 

 "You arrre ze gay?" she prodded. 

 "No!" I replied, surprised she had made that conclusion. 

 "You arrre married?" she asked again. 

 "No, I am not married, and I am definitely not gay," I repeated, as if to completely remove all doubt. 

 "Zo, ees just me you not vant?" She was pouting again for effect. She already knew the answer. 

 "No." I replied again. She looked disappointed. "I mean, no, it's not that I don't want you..." she smiled, ".... I just don't want you to think you owe me anything. We are friends, so you don't need to repay me for anything." I hoped she would understand. I also hoped she wouldn't stop. 

 "And eef I vant to?" There was lust in her eyes as she stretched up to whisper in my ear. "I am zo horrrny. Please.... I vant you.... I need cum. Eef you no help, I vill haf to... how you zay?... feengerrr myzelf." 

 I stood there with my mouth agape, trying to digest her revelation. Did she say she wanted to cum, or wanted my cum? Either way, I was involved. Okay, I think I will go along with her on this one. She walked down the hallway toward the small, second bathroom. The good news was that almost no one ever used it. The bad news was that it was a snug fit for two. Not as bad as an airplane bathroom, but hardly spacious. 

 As soon as the door closed, she was on me. It wasn't so much a kiss as an intense bout of mouth to mouth resuscitation. She really was horny. Her tongue was trying to reach down my throat. Her hands were holding my head tightly. I didn't know what to do with my hands, so I grabbed her ass, with intent this time. She was wearing black yoga pants, and they were stretched snugly over her lusciously curvy rear. My cock was getting pretty high on the Rockwell scale, a fact I am sure she was aware of, since it was pressing against her belly. She finally retracted her tongue, and pushed away. 

 She looked me straight in the eye while she pulled her blouse over her head. If I thought her breasts were impressive before, that opinion paled in comparison to the splendid panorama before me now. A black lace bra struggled to contain and support two of the most magnificent globes of feminine sexuality it had ever been my privilege to see. They almost tumbled out of the cups when she bent to slide her pants down over her hips. She stepped out of her heels just long enough to roll the pants off her legs, before putting the stilettos back on. Nassia now stood before me in bra, thong and high heels. She looked at me hopefully. 

 "Does my body please you? You like vhat you zee?" she asked. I guess that would qualify as a rhetorical question, since the bulging crotch of my pants made the answer pretty obvious. It took me a few seconds to unscramble my brain and answer. I quickly pulled my phone out of my pocket, and typed my response into the translation program. 

 In my best Russian, which is to say, my best Russian accent, I told her. "Vy boginya." You are a goddess. 

 "Spasibo!" she giggled. Her breasts quivered deliciously as she did. 

 I quickly shed my clothes, pausing only when I was down to my shorts. The black lycra material stretched under the strain of my hard erection. Nassia gasped softly. "Bozhe moy!" she whispered. Then she tugged the fabric down, allowing all 9 inches of my cock to spring free. Her hand wrapped around the shaft, nearly as thick as my wrist. "My god.... Ees monster! You vill be gentle, yes?" 

 "Of course, lyubimaya Nassia," I said. She was turning away, allowing me to unclasp her bra. She spun out of the undergarment as she dropped to her knees in front of me. While she caressed me and rubbed her cheek against my hot stiffness, I quickly peeked at the tag on her bra before tossing it onto her pile of clothes. I looked down just in time to see her lips part over the head of my dick. My appreciation of her sensational bust took a backseat to the exquisite sensations her moist mouth was providing as she slowly stroked and bobbed on my cock. I had no idea what the Russian word for cocksucker was, but she was an expert. She was driving me crazy with a complicated choreography of hand strokes, lip movement, tongue swirls and suction. The small bathroom filled with wet slurping noises that I hoped didn't carry into the training room, which would soon be in use. 

 Nassia had my passion boiling, and I thought I should probably tell her she was going to get a surprise deposit soon. She just nodded, made a yummy noise, and increased her tempo. She sucked the half of my dick she was able to gobble with a fervor, and I began to wonder if I would be able to stifle the screams I wanted to make. 

 I somehow managed to keep it down to a few muted gasps, grunts and moans, while Nassia gulped down the prodigious load she had coaxed from my balls. Her eyes met mine as she swallowed, clearly enjoying her power over me. Once she had vacuumed me clean, she released my spent member and stood, removing her damp thong as she did. She perched on the edge of the vanity and spread her shapely legs. It was also my first real look at her magnificent breasts unencumbered by her bra. They were undoubtedly the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen. Dusty rose areolas puckered with arousal, and thick nipples stood at attention. 

 "Vould you like to eat poosy, now?" she asked, leaning back against the wall. 

 I was jolted from my visual caressing of her breasts, and my eyes dropped to the apex of her thighs. I didn't even bother to answer. I just dove into her like I was a condemned man, and she was my last meal. She had such a beautiful pussy. It was already wet, and as I tasted her with my first exploratory laps, she moaned, much too loudly given our proximity to the now occupied training room. I looked up from between her thighs. She realized her mistake, and was biting her knuckle now, trying to keep quiet. I kept looking into her eyes as I plunged my tongue deep into her juicy opening, and her eyes fluttered at the sensation, but she was silent, other than a nearly inaudible intake of breath. 

 She was shaved, except for a small tuft of curly red on her mound. When I first began my inspection, her pussy was little more than a slit in the skin between her legs. A very tasty slit. I gently licked parallel to her slim orifice, cleaning her of her sweet juices. Then I dipped my tongue into her again, and again. As I continued to probe, her pussy got hotter and wetter. Blood began to engorge her labia, and her lips puffed up, gradually opening and growing more pouty. By the time she shuddered quietly through her second orgasm, Nassia's inner labia were like a honey-soaked pink orchid, open wide and extending about an inch beyond her outer lips. Her clit was also peeking out, huge, hot, and begging for attention. Her pussy would have been enough to make the most ardent homosexual go straight. Fortunately, I was already straight... and hard. I really wanted to stand up and fuck her brains out, but the training room was now fully occupied, and I could hear them going over various points of product knowledge. If I could hear them, then they could probably hear us if we made much noise. We were trapped, for the next ninety minutes. Hmmm... what to do? 

 Besides, I was really enjoying my lunch. Nassia had such delicious pussy juice, and I was amazed by the transformation her arousal had caused in her vaginal opening. She was doing a pretty good job muting her orgasmic moans. She had replaced the knuckle in her mouth with a towel, and both hands were now mauling her own breasts. Her eyes nearly bulged out of her head as I teased her clit, then they shut tight and she quaked again. A restrained groan was all I heard, but her body screamed through a gargantuan orgasm. Her abs rippled tightly, her breasts jiggled as her breathing spiked, and beads of sweat adorned her brow. Down below, I had my face jammed into her gushing snatch, slurping up as much of her cream as I could. I kept my tongue buried deep in her, alternately flicking her clit or plunging into her spasming sex. The flow of her juices slowed, but she tripped seamlessly from one orgasm to the next. She was breathing loudly through her nose, snorting breaths of passionate agony, and blushing bright pink. Finally she couldn't take any more, and pushed me away, covering her exploding vagina with her hand. 

 I sat back and wiped her honey from my chin, watching her shiver through the aftershocks of her pleasure. There was a sheen of sweat on her body, and a puddle of pussy juice on the vanity under her ass. It took a few minutes before her eyes fluttered open again. She spat out the towel and smiled an exhausted smile at me. 

 "Oh my god... I nefer cum like zat before!" she whispered. "You almost kill me!" She was still breathing heavily, and my eyes now focused on the quivering contours of her incredible breasts. Her nipples were standing up, nearly an inch tall. I had to taste one. When I latched onto her stiff bud, she hissed, then moaned gently. "You are verrry bad boy. I like. You vant fuck me now? "

 I released her nipple reluctantly and helped her sit up. She looked down and saw my dick, hard as a rock and ready to rock her world. She smiled. 

"Sit please," was all she said, directing me to the toilet. Once I was situated, she bent down and spat a big gob of saliva on the head of my cock. Then she straddled me and started to lower herself onto me. My head just parted her lips when she suddenly stopped. "Shit! Almost forrrgot!" she whispered, reaching for the towel and pressing her finger to her lips. "Shhh!" she giggled, resuming her descent onto my hard flesh. 

 She stuffed the corner of the towel into her mouth and dropped slowly. Her outer pussy was gaping open and soaking wet, but inside, she was tight as a drum. She had about three inches in, and was undulating and swivelling her hips, making progress very slowly. She was snorting and groaning again. She pulled the towel out, and exhaled deeply, sliding down another inch as she did. 

 "Ooooooooooooooo... big boy! Oh boy, oh boy oh boy... You verrrry big boy!" she whispered into my ear. Her voice was unsteady, quivering with excitement. From my point of view, or rather 'feel'... my cock was being stuffed into a velvet vise at least two sizes too small. At last, she reached capacity, the head of my cock pressing hard against her cervix. About an inch of my dick was left out in the cold, but the look of her thick meaty lips dangling around my shaft made up for it. "Vait, vait... give me time to get relax...." she gasped, wiggling her hips around. I felt the head of my cock poking at the opening to her womb. She leaned back slightly and smiled. "Vone... two.... thrrree!" she whispered, stuffing the towel into her mouth, before dropping the last inch down my shaft. 

 The feeling was incredible. I grabbed the loose end of the towel and bit down on it as well, stifling my moan while she did the same. Her eyes rolled back and her entire body shook, wracked by yet another orgasm. Her pussy rippled and clutched wildly at my intruder. Warm fluids trickled down over my balls. We sat there in each others arms, not moving, for several minutes, as Nassia came over and over again. Her cervix nipped at the head of my cock, something I hadn't felt before. Each time it did, I moaned into the towel. Nassia was still shaking, so obviously it was a new sensation for her as well. Her boobs were quivering as she shook, and I dipped my head down to collect her nipple with my tongue. I sucked it in, and she exploded. She threw her head back, and a long, low grunt escaped through the towel. Her eyes were screwed shut, and her cunt was on lockdown. It gave me one giant squeeze, lasting at least a minute, while her body jerked and quaked in ecstasy. My Russian honey came like a freight train, then wilted, turning into jello in my arms. 

 I held her snug against my chest, stroking her hair, while still fully sheathed in her hot pussy, for about ten minutes. She had literally passed out from pleasure. Her arms hung limp, her head resting on my shoulder, and her breasts gently pushing into my chest. That sensation alone was enough to keep me hard inside her. 

"Nassi, baby?" I cooed, inventing my own nickname for her. "Nassi... are you okay, sweetie?" There was a slight stirring, like somehow her bones were reconstituting themselves. Her eyes moved under their lids, then opened slowly. She seemed to be having trouble focusing, but she was regaining her senses. I was glad she was alright. Then she smiled, and flexed her pussy on my cock, and I knew she was more than just alright. 

 "My poosy numb now.... but I vant make you cum again. I trrry to fuck you, big boy, " she whispered as she slowly raised up."Ohhhhhhh, Da!" she said, reversing her direction. She began to mutter quietly in Russian, continuing to work her ravaged pussy up and down. She was liquid heat, and it was having an effect on me. Nassia fucked me like that for about ten minutes, gradually going faster and harder. She was feeling it again, too, as her mutterings were now accompanied by moans of joy. She slowed down a little, looking me straight in the eye. "Fuck, you haf big cock, you fucking stud. My poosy so full! You cum soon?" she begged. 

 "Soon," I replied, and she returned to her ministrations, determined to get me off. A few minutes later, she was almost ready to cum again, herself. I was nearly there, too. She stuffed the towel in her mouth again, and slammed herself furiously up and down my shaft. Her grunts and groans signalled another orgasm, and she gushed a fresh load all over my crotch. The sudden warmth pushed me closer. "Gonna cum, baby," I told her. She grinned with satisfaction, and climbed off me. My cock made a wet sucking noise as it popped out of her cunt, and more of her creamy juice dribbled out, hanging for a few seconds from the gaping lips of her swollen labia. I groaned at the sight, nearly overcome by the sheer sexuality of it. Nassi dropped her hand down and collected the dripping strings of her cum, before lifting it to her lips and licking her fingers. I groaned again. 

