 Disclaimer: the following is a work of fiction. It may contain scenes of violence, bondage and/or sexual situations which may or may not be consensual, and is intended for adult readers only. All characters portrayed in this story are adults. This work in not for profit and is intended as entertainment only. The author does not support or encourage violence or humiliation towards women or anyone. Characters in this story are fictional and not based on any person living or dead, and are not meant to infringe on any existing characters in other literatures.

*******************

It had taken three whole weeks for Tom's situation to stabilize between Dana and Myriam. After much conversation on the subject, making both aware of the other without going into too much detail, an arrangement of sorts had emerged. Dana would allow Tom to enjoy himself however he wanted when they weren't physically together, where he would completely focus on her. And because Myriam did not want Tom to be at fault at two-timing anyone, she was content at Tom's honesty in all of it. Finally, there was a clear understanding that Tom's time with Myriam and her friends, jokingly referred to as the 'sex gang', would last only as long as this arrangement stood, which mostly depended on Dana's future decisions.

Everyone approved this - and so time unfolded normally and the semester went on its way.

That Sunday morning, after Dana and Tom's date at the restaurant (the one where Myriam had followed them and quite expertly blown Tom in the bathroom), Myriam and Tom woke with raging desires. They proceeded to fuck quite passionately, Myriam climbing on top of her partner and riding him into the sunset, their hands locking together. They didn't even think of putting on a condom, so when Tom's manhood sprayed Dana's insides, she felt all of it shoot up inside her. Later, she would tell him that she couldn't get pregnant, and that she trusted him for diseases. They took a shower together, washing each others' bodies, then moved to the breakfast table.

"So amazing," she told him with a broad smile. "Thank you."

"You don't have to always thank me," he giggled.

"I know. I want to. You make me feel so amazing. And I was amazing too."

He kissed her.

"You were bloody amazing, indeed."

They tried to make plans for what came next. Obviously, having any form of encounter at their office (despite that glorious first time together) wouldn't do. They both decided it would be best to wait for the weekend.

"Only Friday is off," Tom said.

He didn't clarify why, nor did he need to, given all their earlier conversations, and Dana didn't insist.

"Let's shoot for the whole weekend then. If I can manage David."

They agreed. As much as Dana wanted to stay, she had her family obligations. She left just before lunch, not without leaving him with a passionate kiss and embrace.

"I... really like you, Tom."

"So do I."

They weren't at the other 'L' word yet - Dana couldn't commit and Tom was reluctant to do so as well, albeit for different reasons. He watched her from his apartment window until her car left his parking lot. Tom sat down to watch some television, then retrieved his phone. He still had the gorgeous picture from last night - Dana, naked, sleeping in his bed. It was her full body from the back, curvy legs, wonderful buttocks, slim core, gorgeous backside. For a moment, Tom considered Myriam's requests from the previous day: seeing Dana naked and Tom telling her about their encounter.

Tom didn't feel confident sending that picture over the air. Instead, he messaged Myriam.

TOM: Hey lady. Got something for you here.

MYRIAM: Tom! Is it cake?

TOM: No. Surprise. If you want to see.

MYRIAM: Did you do it?

TOM: Yes. But it stays with me.

There was a pause in the conversation.

MYRIAM: Can I come see?

TOM: Sure.

It wasn't after a while that Tom realized that Myriam was coming over to his place. So far, every single time, he had gone to hers. He wasn't surprised she had his address, not after being stalked the previous night at the restaurant, but she might not have his apartment number. Anxiously, he waited by the window, seeing her walk by after thirty minutes or so and head for his building. He texted her the apartment.

He didn't wait for her to knock to let her in. She was wearing a white camisole, a black miniskirt with running shoes - and not much else. She took off her shoes at the entrance.

"Hey, stud-muffin."

This was the second time she called him that, and he wasn't certain how he liked it. He decided to ignore it for the moment. He let her in and she leaned in to kiss his cheek.

"Surprise, you said?" she giggled at him.

He braced himself; what he was about to do would be considered by many to be a betrayal of trust. He flipped through the images on his cellphone and revealed the one he had taken the previous night of Dana in his bed - naked and exposed. Her face wasn't in the shot, and she was seen from the back, but all the same, it was her. Vulnerable.

Myriam contemplated the image for a moment, speechless. She didn't try to take the phone away; in fact, once she was done with the picture, she pushed the phone away from her screen.

"She's hot."

"She is. And I... really care for her."

Myriam stared him down.

"What does that mean for us, then?"

They sat down on his sofa; Tom couldn't help remember that he had fucked Dana at the spot where Myriam was now seated. A grin escaped his lips.

"It means two things. One - you have to stop texting me when I'm with her. That's where she draws the line."

"That's the line?" Myriam replied, puzzled. "She must be more open-minded than I thought."

"That's one," Tom continued. "Anytime I'm with her, no more with you. We can't ever have a repeat of what happened at the restaurant."

"I can live with that... but what about the rest of the time?"

Tom let the question linger in the air; he appreciated being in charge of this. He didn't make Myriam wait any longer.

"Apparently, I exude self-confidence and sex appeal."

"Come again?" Myriam almost burst out laughing.

"Her words. She thinks that my encounter with you opened up my mind to being more sexual - and I can't contradict her on that, because I believe it too."

Myriam took his claim at face value, waiting on him to pursue his explanation.

"So with that in mind, she said I could do whatever I wanted with you when she wasn't around. For a time, at least."

"Until she gets her heart back in the right spot, right?"

Tom was stunned at the implication that Myriam knew about Dana's turmoil; they had not yet been publicized at the college and he had never mentioned it. But Myriam anticipated his question.

"It's obvious the girl is having heart problems... Plus, when I went to your office last, I saw she had torn a couple's picture in half."

"I'll say as much," Tom responded, "but she's off limits. Please."

Myriam softened her gaze.

"Of course, Tom. I'm all about fun. Stuff like that - not fun. And if she likes you, well, so much the better. But I do need to know how much you told her about me."

Tom could oblige her on that.

"Not much, to be honest. She certainly doesn't know who you are - only that you exist."

"And how much does she know about our sex parties?"

"Nothing at all."

Myriam nodded for understanding, not for approval. She bit her tongue a moment, wondering if she should speak further. She opted for openness.

"Tom, you gotta remember one thing. There's a difference between having sex with one other girl, and having sex with so many others."

"Should I tell her then?" Tom asked, unconvinced.

"No. But the difference exists - in your mind, at least. And it can be pretty... intense. I mean, you were there the last two times. And it may only get more intense as we bring others into the fold."

"Others?"

Myriam cast him a stupid glance, as if his memory had betrayed him.

"The other girls in the gang."

"Oh."

She laughed. So far, he had only met a few of them: Myriam, Rebecca, Tiana, Lea, Aisha and Thea. There were still a few who might drop in.

While they were on the topic, Tom crystallized a question that had been burning his lips for quite a while.

"Can I ask how all this got started?"

Myriam looked down, considering the question as much as her answer. Tom waited patiently for her mind to be made up as to what she felt comfortable saying.

"You mean, how do so many girls form a sex gang, right?"

"Yeah."

She giggled.

"It didn't start out with a meeting and us saying: you know what? Let's start a sex gang."

"I didn't think so."

She giggled again, then became a bit more serious.

"It all started quite naturally, to be honest, which is weird because I don't think any of us were looking for it. And each of us has their own back story, so I can only really tell you mine. But if you want to hear..."

"Yes please."

"Warning you: it gets pretty graphic, really fast."

It was Tom's turn to giggle.

"I'm completely unprepared," he ironically emphasized.

"Point taken."

Myriam began to spin her tale, with Tom listening attentively as he discovered how his student and lover had wound up creating, alongside Rebecca, that activity.

"What do you want to do for your birthday?" Rebecca had innocently asked her best friend.

Myriam Holt was turning nineteen in two weeks, and she was eager to get there. The two had been hanging out in the basement of Rebecca's parents, binge-watching the L-Word while the home above was quiet. It wasn't their favorite show per se but they appreciated the nudity and implied sexuality. Both girls were wearing nightwear for their sleepover.

"God, Katherine is so sexy!" Myriam mumbled, not paying attention to her friend.

"You mean Shane."

"No, the actress. The character's cool and all, but Katherine is so wow! I think I'm in love."

Rebecca giggled.

"You're not a lesbian."

"For her, I could be."

They both laughed.

"Seriously, though, what do you want to do?" Rebecca insisted.

"I don't know. Party somewhere maybe?"

"Really? Like a real party? You never want to go out."

"Well," Myriam commented, "it is my birthday and you did promise me a sexy dance last time."

"I did promise that," Rebecca sneered.

At that moment, on screen, a love scene was unfolding between the actress Katherine Moenning and whomever was her love interest at that point in the series - the girls weren't really paying attention. Watching the actress pretend to go down on her lover got both excited.

"So hot..." Myriam commented.

"Tell me about it."

Because they were so close, talking about anything they wanted wasn't even an issue. They knew each other from kindergarten, and were even planning of moving in together as soon as Rebecca was allowed to leave her house. That would be three months later, once she too turned nineteen. This intimacy allowed Myriam to slide a hand into her underwear and test her dampness.

"Fuck, I'm so wet."

Rebecca, upon hearing this, checked herself and came to the same conclusion. She watched Myriam's hands disappear under the clothing and start teasing her sex.

"If you're gonna do that, better be quiet about it," Rebecca commented." My parents are upstairs."

"I'll be quiet."

It wasn't like the two had never masturbated together, though it wasn't a regular occurrence. Still, watching her friend tease herself aroused Rebecca as well.

"Fuck it," the dark-haired girl said, taking off her own underwear.

Myriam stared at Rebecca as she exposed her lower body, lying on her side and teasing her.

"Move so I can watch you," Myriam told her friend.

"Fine. Take off yours too."

A moment later, both girls were facing one another, hands on their privates, even as sex scene kept unfolding on the screen.

"Only," Myriam commented to Tom, interrupting her narrative, "we never watched the scene. We watched each other."

"Okay. I still don't get how this started the sex gang."

Of course, the story wasn't over; Myriam was merely testing Tom's reaction to it, and she didn't dislike what she was witnessing. Still, more details followed.

 Staring into each others' eyes, their fingers on their buttons, both girls climaxed - not simultaneously, but when Myriam's gaze went blank and a moan escaped her lips, Rebecca soon followed, stimulated by the visual and auditory signals. Both grunted in silence through their orgasms, winding down.

"Oh! Fuck!" Myriam exclaimed. "That was so fucking hot!"

"Wow... I just came like... wow."

For a long moment, the two girls stared at each other, confused. The next, they jumped on one another and started making out for several minutes, trading kisses, rubbing each others' bodies, grabbing their butts and breasts, even pressing their wet pussies awkwardly against one another. After a few minutes, both started giggling uncontrollably.

Luckily, Rebecca's parents were already fast asleep.

"I can't believe we never did that before," Rebecca said.

"I know. I think... you know, I think I was afraid. I mean... when you have sex with someone, generally... you end up dating."

"Doesn't have to be," Rebecca commented.

"That single thought," Myriam commented to Tom, "is what triggered it all. Sex doesn't have to lead to a relationship. I can tell you that, for the next few weeks, Rebecca and I had sex all the time and anytime we wanted. And it was great. Eventually, I got around to a boy or two - and boys, well, they generally have no problem disassociating sex and relationships."

"I'm familiar with the idea," Tom stated.

All the while she had been retelling her story, Myriam had looked for signs of arousal in Tom, and they were present. Still, she could probably stimulate him further.

"So how did I get from sex with my best friend to a sex gang?"

It had been an amazing anniversary, and Rebecca didn't regret her decision at all. A few months later, heavily into their new lifestyle of sex without complications, both girls had ventured out to a night club that entertained a certain risqué reputation. Their main goal had been to catch a young stud each so they could entertain themselves with him. By now, neither of them was a virgin with the other sex. 

They found their mark in a thirty-year old guy hanging out at the bar, staring at the dance floor and clearly looking for companionship for the evening. He was gorgeous, muscular but not too much, a sharp angle on his chin and nose, deep eyes. Rebecca had made the approach first, putting on the charm where none was needed. The guy was clearly interested. However, he wasn't alone. A moment later, a gorgeous woman of the same age had walked up to him.

"This girl looks nice," the woman had said of Rebecca. "Can we take her home?"

Stunned, Rebecca had called in Myriam as her backup.

"I'm with her too."

"Great!" the woman had insisted. "The more the merrier."

It had turned into an amazing evening - their first foursome. The man had delivered on all counts, as had the woman. In the afterglow of a most intense sexual encounter, being rammed every which way by three partners (and being introduced to the joy of the strap-on dildo by said woman), Rebecca was in bliss. Happy birthday, she told herself.

"You were amazing," the man had told his partners.

"You were quite the stud yourself," Myriam commented, thinking back on his earlier plowing. "Do you do this often, you too?"

Staring at the couple, both newcomers to the adventure wanted to learn more.

"Not really," she confessed. "Maybe twice a year. We always do it on our anniversary though."

"You're married," Rebecca called out, bewildered.

"Yeah," the woman replied. "But this is our little getaway from the married life, so to speak. Sometimes we pick up men too. My husband ain't picky."

The couple left a lasting impression on the girls, and when they met in private the next time, they had a lengthy conversation on it. As much as they had appreciated the one-night stand, there had been moments of fear during the evening. The first one, the pickup at the bar, had obviously rattled them both. The second had to do with not being familiar with the partners beforehand, though that was mostly Rebecca's concern.

"I want to do it again," she confessed, "but we need some ground rules."

"I'm totally up for that," Myriam replied.

Tom found the story fascinating, and he imagined it to be true, even though Myriam could have been making it up. He chose that moment to intervene.

"So you planned it after that encounter, then?"

"Pretty much, although it came together quite... naturally, I would say. I mean we didn't force it."

Myriam stopped talking, staring at her lover; his arousal had gone down. She had hoped to rile him up so he would jump her, but clearly her story wasn't fully having the desired effect.

"Are you sure you want to hear this?"

Tom wondered at her hesitation.

"Of course. Why do you ask?"

"Well, to put it bluntly, I thought maybe we would do something... different with our time."

"Oh!"

Even though Tom had initially considered it earlier, he had lost himself in the narrative. He blushed from his own reaction, making Myriam smile.

"I am here to please," he added.

"All right... let's play a game."

The way she smiled, Tom knew how this game would end. He let her continue.

"So you know about me and Rebecca... and you've met Aisha, Tina, Lea and Thea. The others you haven't met. I want you to tell me in what order you think the girls you met joined our gang."

"And if I win?"

"I strip, and you get to order me around."

"And if not?"

"Then you strip... and we'll see what happens."

The game was on. Tom recalled each of the girls. Tina was 22, one year older than Rebecca and Lea, short in stature, brown hair, working as a cashier and she loved to dance. Aisha was 23, African American, working at a nudie bar as a barmaid, with curly frazzled hair and an exquisite mouth. Lea was very tall 22-year-old redhead working at a beauty salon. And Thea was the tall blonde of the same age, wiry, who was studying to be a pharmacist. There were no clues to let him know who had joined up first. It was complete guesswork.

"How many tries do I get?" he asked.

"Depends... What are you wearing?"

Tom made the list of his garments: a shirt, pants, underwear and socks. He didn't count the last item.

"Three items."

"Okay... for each you fail to put in the right order, you lose one item. When you've lost them all, you're mine! Oh! And this isn't a trick question. None of them joined at the same time."

"Good to know."

It was time to speculate. Tom hazarded a guess.

"Tina. Then... Aisha, Thea... and Lea."

Myriam didn't betray the answer; she paused for dramatic effect.

"Well, you got one exactly right. I'm not telling you which though. And for the others, only one is out of order. So you strip one item - and then try again."

Tom didn't hesitate; he removed his pants and socks at the same time, exposing his dark boxers. Myriam bit her lower lip.

"No hints," she repeated. "Try again."

It was a difficult call for Tom, if he wanted to guess it right. Knowing only one was out of order helped a little, but he didn't know which one was in the right spot. He reasoned it had to be either the first or the last; he opted for Tina's spot to be the right one. She had the first of the others he had met and somehow, it made sense for her to precede the others.

"Alright... attempt number 2. Tina... then..."

One of the other three wasn't in the right order, but Tom had no way to decide which one. He could only take a stab at it, although if he were right about Tina, then the second one couldn't be Aisha.

"Tina," he repeated, "then Lea, Thea and Aisha."
