 Copyright 2002 by Awlni

Professor Nelson was stretching her arms over her head when she heard a soft knock on her door. "Come in," she called out.

The man who walked in was older than the traditional student by about ten years. He was ruggedly handsome with just the very beginnings of a middle-aged belly. "Dr. Nelson, can we talk privately for a few minutes?" he asked.

"Certainly," she replied. "Come in and have a seat, Mr…."

"Younger. Carl Younger," he said as he sat down.

"Mr. Younger. What can I do for you today?"

"Well, Dr. Nelson, I'm not doing so well in your Calculus class. I don't really have much of a background in math and I think I may be failing."

"Let's see what's in my gradebook," she said as she clicked the mouse. After a minute or so she looked back at him. "You failed the first test with a 57 and then got a 32 on the second. Your homework grade is not going to help at all."

"I kind of figured it was like that."

"How much do you study Carl?" she asked.

"As much as I can. I'm raising my son by myself."

"How old is he?"

"Three."

"I've got a three year old at home, too. They can be a handful."

"They sure can. But between my job and Trevor I just don't have as much time for the books as most of these kids. Look, I know my grade is bad but I was wondering if there was something I could do to get it higher? Some extra credit, maybe."

"What did you have in mind?"

"You're the professor. Whatever you want."

She looked him over once again. "Close the door, Carl. There is one project you can help me with."

He closed the door and looked at her. "You're going to need a lot of extra credit, Carl. To move into the C range you'll have to put in a lot of time on this project."

"What do I have to do?"

"I'm married to a much older man in the Sociology Department. Have you ever heard the phrase 'publish or perish'?" He nodded and she continued. "He turns out two or three papers a month. Between the time he spends writing and traveling to present his papers at professional meetings he doesn't have much time or energy left for me." She stood up and crossed the small office to stand in front of him. "I'm the project, Carl."

"Now that just doesn't seem right. How can anyone be married to someone who looks as good as you do and not take advantage of it regularly? Is he blind?"

"No, just older, busy, and with a much lower interest in sex. I have to practically beg him to make love to me. The last time was over a month ago." She reached up and took her breasts in her hands. "I need someone to remind me what it's like to be a woman. If you make love to me once a week from now until the end of the semester I'll make sure that you pass the class."

"That's not really what I had in mind, Dr. Nelson. I mean, you look great and any man with half a set of balls would want you, but I'm not sure…."

She stepped into him and placed her hands on his, lifting them to her breasts. "I need this, Carl. And you need the extra help. What's so wrong about it? It's a business decision. You help me and I'll help you." She felt her nipples tightening and coming to life under his hands. She stepped completely into him and pressed their bodies together and felt a stir between his legs. "I can feel you getting hard right now, Carl. I can feel your manhood reaching out to me. I know you want to do this," she said as she leaned up to him and kissed him, her tongue parting his lips and exploring.

When she broke the kiss he looked at her, his hands still gently massaging her breasts. He pulled gently on her nipples. "Now?"

"Right now. Right here and right now. And after class every Wednesday afternoon for the rest of the semester." She dropped her hand and stroked him through his pants. "And I'll make sure you pass."

He leaned over and kissed her hard, shoving his tongue into her mouth. He took his hands from her breasts and placed them on her lower back, pulling her more tightly to him, grinding his erection into her groin. She moaned softly and pulled her head away, offering her neck to him. He kissed her neck and earlobe, dropping his mouth to nibble softly where her shoulder emerged from the collar of the shirt she was wearing. They moved together over to the small sofa along the wall and sat down, hands fumbling over each other in their haste to take off each other's shirts. As Carl released her breasts from their lacy confines he leaned down and placed his mouth around her right nipple, biting gently with his teeth and swirling the flat of his tongue over the tip. He trailed his mouth gently into the hollow between her breasts as she began to moan again. After treating the other breast, he stood up and released his belt, pushing his pants and briefs to the ground. His erection pointed straight at her as she reached out and took it in her hand, stroking slowly and rubbing the moisture which escaped from the end around his shaft. She took him into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the tip. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back, a small moan escaping from his lips as she took more of him into his mouth. As he felt his balls tighten he placed his hand on her shoulder. "If you don't stop you won't get anything else," he said. "Stand up."

When she got up off of the sofa he dropped to his knees and removed her shoes. Sliding his hands slowly up the fronts of her legs, brushing her sex lightly with his thumbs as he passed it, he unbuttoned her jeans, sliding them down just as slowly. She placed a hand on his shoulder and stepped out of them, kicking them off to the side. He nuzzled her groin with his nose and chin, reveling in her heat and moisture, breathing deeply to take in all of the scent she was giving off. He ran his tongue lightly over the cotton, teasing her hardening clit. Hooking his fingers in the waistband at each side, he slowly pulled her panties off, kissing the skin all around her opening and using his full hands to slide them down her legs. She slid down onto the couch and he began kissing her feet, massaging them gently with his thumbs. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back, losing herself in the soft caresses of his lips and tongue. As his lips and tongue climbed higher she opened her legs more, finally taking the back of his head in her hands and pushing his mouth into her. He sucked on the folds of skin around her opening, sometimes twisting his head almost sideways so he could run his lower lip up and down her slit, taking the folds into his mouth and pulling gently. He worked his tongue into her, sometimes curling it into a U shape and sometimes leaving it flat as he penetrated her warmth, rubbing his chin over the soft area just below. She suddenly spasmed around him and clamped his head between her thighs. As her tremors subsided he motioned for her to get on the couch. 

He entered her from behind with an agonizing slowness, only a fraction of an inch at a time. As her felt his balls press against her thighs he began to withdraw just as slowly, reaching around to take one of her breasts in his hands. For an eternity he kept up this pace, beginning to speed up only when she began to press against him with every thrust. After a surge of speed which caused her to gasp, Carl slowed back down, alternating fast, hard thrusts with indescribably soft, almost painfully slow ones. He came as he felt her muscles begin to contract again, his fluid bursting deep within her. Her muscles continued to clench his hardness, milking all of his seed from him as some escaped from her and began to slowly move down her leg. 

As their breathing returned to a more normal pace and the flush began to leave her skin, he softened until he fell out. She fell forward onto the sofa and Carl turned over to sit on the floor, leaning his head on the back of her leg.

As Carl got up and began pulling on his clothes she stretched out on the couch. "Was that what you had in mind?" he asked.

"Yes. Exactly," she said, opening her eyes and watching him.

After he dressed he dropped to the floor again and kissed her, cupping a breast with his free hand. When he broke the kiss she opened her eyes and smiled. "Thank you, my love. That was wonderful."

"You might want to put your clothes back on before I open the door. We wouldn't want that weasel you have for a department head to see you like this. He might get ideas."

"That little shit? He already has ideas. You know he was putting his furry little hands on my ass at the Christmas party last month? And he kept trying all night to get me under the mistletoe so he could slobber all over me. As if I'd ever consider going to bed with him. I've got half a mind to file a grievance with the university for sexual harassment."

Carl laughed. "You best line you little slut was about how your fat, old husband in Sociology didn't have time for you. I almost lost it with that one. I am not fat, I am not old, and I definitely don't teach in Sociology." He kissed her again. "'I have to practically beg him to make love to me'," he mimicked, raising his voice a few octaves to match hers. "As if every day wasn't enough. I thought about spanking you right then. Hard." 

She smiled at him and squeezed his groin. "Well it seemed like the thing to say at the time. Changing the subject for a moment, is it my turn to pick up Trevor or yours?"

"Yours. But if you offer the right price I might be persuaded to get him today and give you a break."

"What's the price?"

"Wednesday night I'm playing basketball with a couple of guys from Anthropology at 8:00. We should be done by 9:30. What if the head cheerleader were to congratulate the star of the team in the locker room after everyone else had left? Right after hitting the shot that won the championship. Showers. That might convince me to pick him up."

"I don't have anything that even remotely looks like a cheerleader costume."

"You've got two days. I'm sure you can come up with something."

"You're on."

"By the way, where did you park today? I'll need to get the car seat out of the van if I'm going to get our little monster."