 I am not sure how it started, I wasn't really looking, but I found myself entranced and captivated by a woman. My name is Mike, forty four years old, a separated father of two. Like most men in my position I was past the weekend night club scene in search of a partner. I am not saying I don't like a night out, but I have responsibilities and sometimes the hangover just isn't worth it. Not to mention waking up to someone whose name you can't remember.

She was Helen, thirty nine years year old, mother to one and separated, as well.

We had met through mutual friends at an Australia Day barbeque. We had exchanged the usual dating horror stories, both agreeing that there are some real "interesting" people out there. As the day worn on we discovered we keep coming back to each other. I have to admit there were several times that I caught myself checking her out when we weren't chatting.

As the day drew to a close, I decide to take a chance and ask her out for a coffee. I was over the moon when she replied yes. We decided to meet up for a coffee the next day. That night I could barely sleep images of her smile and her shapely body kept my mind busy. Then there were the other less innocent thoughts.

I woke the next morning feeling slightly worse for wear, not sure if it was the drinks I had the day before or the thoughts that had kept me awake. But, I was glad we had arranged a coffee date I was certainly going to need a coffee.

Anyway, the appointed hour for our meeting arrived and I found Helen already at the café. I was pleasantly surprised when she stood up in greeting and gave me a kiss.

"Morning Mike," she said smiling, "It's really go to see you again."

"You too!" I replied taking my seat.

We ordered some coffee and chatted away. The coffees arrived and I noticed Helen looking at me over her coffee. It was only a quick glance but I swear it was "that" look, you know the one that says "I want you now". Blinking my eyes to make sure, Helen put her coffee down and with a demure smile carried on the conversation as if nothing happened. We finished the coffee and as we parted company we realised we hadn't exchanged phone numbers yet. Doing that we gave each other another quick kiss, going we went our separate ways.

Later that night I received a call from Helen.

"Hi Helen, this is a pleasant surprise!" I answered.

"Hi Mike, hope I'm not calling too late." she replied.

"No, not at all." I said with a smile in my voice.

I heard Helen take a deep breathe, "Mike, I have to tell you something."

I could almost hear her mind working overtime looking for the right words.

"Mike, I had a lovely time with you today." she said haltingly.

"Same here", I replied waiting for the "thanks but no thanks" talk. My heart sinking as I heard another deep breathe.

"Mike, I had such a good time with you that when I got home..." her voice trailing off.

"Okay, not what I was expecting." I thought.

"Mike, when I got home I played with myself thinking about you!" Helen said quietly.

You could have pushed me over with a feather, it must have gotten very quiet, next thing I heard was her asking if I was still there.

"Wow, okay!" I managed to stammer, her honesty and straight forwardness catching me off guard.

I could hear Helen getting flustered on the other end of the call.

"I am sorry, Mike. That was a bit much over share."

"No not at all! I must admit I thought you gave me a look at the café." I quickly replied.

"So you did notice?" relief in her voice.

"Yes, I did!" the smile back in my voice.

"I thought I had lost my touch when you didn't seem notice."

"No, you haven't lost your touch at all!" I said, alluding to her afternoon activity.

"I guess I haven't." she replied, understanding what I was thinking about.

Deciding to take a chance and taking my turn to have a deep breathe.

"Look I have a couple of days off this week. Would you like to come over for a coffee tomorrow?" I asked hurriedly.

"Coffee?" she queried.

"And cake!" I said cheekily.

"Okay, it's date then if there is cake." she said laughing.

Finalising the details we hung up and I turned in for night. Lying in the dark I found myself thinking about what Helen had told me. It wasn't long before I found myself furiously pumping my cock, thinking of Helen, this time the less innocent thoughts dominated.

Morning finally dawned. I awoke early and frantically moved around the house cleaning, before a quick trip to a local bakery to pick up a selection of bite size cakes. As the time for her arrival approached I found myself rearranging the cushions on the couch for what seemed like the thousandth time. I couldn't believe I was so nervous. The doorbell rang, tried to walk casually to the door, but I am sure it sounded like a herd of elephants approaching. Swinging the door open, I ushered Helen inside and closed the door. Helen turned to me and placing her arms around my neck she gave a deep and passionate kiss. 

Stepping back a little she looked up at me, "I have wanted to do that since the barbeque!" she said looking directly into my eyes.

Leaning down for another kiss. 

I murmured, "Same here."

I found myself being pushed back against the front door, the kiss becoming more frantic and heated. Helen dropped to her knees and unbuckling my belt she released my cock.

"Oh, this MORE than I expected!" she said as she took my cock into her mouth.

"Glad you like it!" I managed to g roan out as start to run my hands through her hair.

She took my cock fully into her mouth, her tongue swirling over the head, her hand playing with my balls. Looking down to watch her head move back and forth over my cock, I could see her other hand massaging a breast. The temptation to let her take me the whole way was almost too much, but my desire to taste her overrode my selfish want. Pulling her off my cock I slide down the door kneeling front of her. We kissed deeply again, our tongues darting in and out of each other's mouth.

Holding Helen I guided her onto her back, lifting her skirt and removing her panties, I revealed her shaved pussy. My head descended between her legs, my tongue flicking over her clit, licking up and down, probing inside her.

I slid two fingers inside her, my mouth fully over her increasingly sensitive clit. Her hips rose to allow my fingers deeper. Helen desperately removed her top and bra, her hands cupping and squeezing her naked breasts. 

Kneeling up, I removed my shirt, tossing it aside.

"Oh, you have tattoos!" Helen sighed.

"Yes." I replied some concern in my voice.

"I love tattoos!" she said smiling.

"Great!" I replied as I started to kiss my way up her body.

Helen sighed in pleasure, her hands running over my body. Reaching her erect nipples I paused and sucked and twirled over them. Her hands now ran through my hair her sighs of pleasure getting louder still. The head of my cock twitched against the entrance of her pussy. Her hips rose, wanting me inside her she reached down and guided me in. Her pussy tight and wet, I let her feel every inch of me as I slid deep inside her. We kissed passionately as my cock slid full inside her. I pulled back slowly Helen wrapped her legs around me, pulling sharply back in. I understood what she wanted and didn't hold back.

Our bodies slapped and ground together, we were completely lost to our desire and passion. Our kisses are fervent and wanton, our hands roaming over each other. Suddenly, Helen grasped my face holding it away from her.

"Mike, I want to watch you cum!" she announced.

Nodding my understanding and I pulled out of her tight, wet pussy and kneeling up I started to pump my cock with my hand. Helen ran a hand over her body and reaching between her legs two fingers quickly disappeared inside her. We watched each other pleasuring ourselves. I soon felt a familiar stirring inside me and from her breathing I could tell Helen wasn't far from reaching her own climax. 

"Helen!" I cried out as jets of hot cum splashed high onto her stomach and breasts.

Helen convulsed beneath me her own orgasm pounded through her body. I thrust an arm against the wall to steady myself, my body shaking, cock still in my hand. The final drops of cum dripping onto Helen's pussy. 

Helen levered herself up and kneeling in front of me she moved my hand, sucking my cock into her mouth draining the last of my load. The sensation robbing me of any coherent thought, she kissed her way up my chest and reaching my lips we kissed, before we collapsed against the wall.

Looking over at over at Helen I raised an eyebrow.

"Coffee?"

"And cake please!" she replied with a smile.