 Walking back to the apartment arm in arm, after they'd stopped for ice cream, Zoe offered Tate a lick of her ice cream cone, not surprisingly the aptly named, Tiger tail, and he let her try his French vanilla. "They're both pretty good, huh?" he said, savoring the distinctive flavor of each. 

Wiggling her eyebrows, she said, "Hmm, they are, but you know me, I do like something a little different." He was beginning to learn that about her, but only hoped it wouldn't turn out to be the hard way. 

And once they got back inside the apartment, he suggested they watch a little television before bed, hoping to slow things down between them, if only for an hour or so. Zoe agreed, but still stripped off her clothes before she got into bed with him, which literally made it hard for him to concentrate on the crime drama they were trying to watch. 

Seriously, how could he possibly have any interest in a story about some guy scamming his sleazy boss out of drug money, when he had the most beautiful, inviting woman he'd ever seen, naked and willing and nestled so close? Her warmth alone was making him hard, but her intoxicating scent, and already knowing how wet she'd be, was driving him out of his freaking mind. 

And when he felt her teasing little fingers run over his chest and travel down over his abs before circling his ever-present erection through his boxers, he gave in and turned off the TV. "Okay," he said, with an amused glint in his eye. "You win, you little sex pot." 

She pouted sweetly, teasingly batting her eyes. "Why? Don't you like having sex with me?" 

"No, I don't like having sex with you, Zoe. I love having sex with you. But it's just that we might start to get sore in some pretty tender places if we keep up this breakneck pace. You realize even oversexed honeymooners occasionally take the odd break to sightsee or go out to get something to eat. And since we've agreed to this arrangement this morning, I've lost count of how many times we've made love. Can you even remember?" 

Lifting her hand in the air, and counting off on her fingers, fully prepared to answer his question, she began to rhyme off all the different ways they'd explored each other during their day-long sex-fest. And she surprised him with her ability to recall every last amazing detail, since he had to admit he'd been so deep in a fog of lust through most of it, that he wouldn't have been able to make even an educated guess at how many times they'd satisfied each other's cravings. And when she got to eight, of course including her incredible initiation into oral gratification, he took the hand she'd been counting on, kissed it and said, "Okay, I get it, it's a big number, now you want to know what we haven't tried yet?" 

She shook her head, eyes bright with anticipation. "I have no idea, but I'm thinking there's still got to be lots of fun things we haven't even attempted." 

There were, but since he didn't have the energy for most of them anymore, he told her, "What we haven't tried is to achieve orgasm with a nice slow session of heavy petting." 

"Oh. I didn't even know that was possible. I went to an all-girls high school, so I never really had anyone to practice that kind of thing on, either." And then she grinned. "But with you, I'd sure be willing to try." 

Tate slowly nodded, and pulled her into his arms, barely touching his lips to hers. "Why don't we start with kissing then, if that's all right with you?" 

Wrapping her arms around his neck she pulled herself in close to him, her warm, bare breasts pressed to his chest. "Oh, I do like kissing you, more than anyone I've ever kissed before, and you really know how to kiss, too." 

Tate chuckled at her exuberance and whispered, "Shh, why don't we just get to it then?" And slowly he began to gently brush his lips over hers, with light, teasing butterfly kisses that he knew would leave her wanting more, which was the whole idea, building her to a fever pitch, rather than jumping in and taking her over the edge the way they'd already done so many times already. 

He just hoped that once they were done that she'd be as tired as he was, since he felt like he was on his last legs, painfully aware that he'd need a really good night's sleep if they were going to be back at it in the morning. And he made a mental note that if he did look up new and interesting sexual techniques online not to attempt anything too strenuous, or he might not make it to the end of the day with her, never mind the nearly two weeks they had left to explore her newfound sensuality. 

As he kissed her, he decided for someone with so little experience, Zoe was proving to be surprisingly insatiable. Still, Tate smiled, knowing he had no room to complain, since her eagerness had also managed to unleash his own inner sex demon. 

"Mmm." Her eyes closed, savoring the wonderful feel of his lips softly dusting feather light kisses across her face, Zoe sighed and quietly murmured, "Oh, this really is heavenly. And why is it we've never tried this before?" 

Probably because they'd been too interested in jumping each other's bones just as fast as they could, but now he was determined to take his time and make this special for both of them, but especially for her. 

When he pressed his lips gently to hers, she instantly opened up for him, inviting him into her mouth. With light teasing lashes of his tongue into that pretty open mouth of hers, he taunted her, before trailing his tongue along the edges of her lips again, which soon had her eagerly squirming and eager for more. 

But he held her still, gently reminding her. "We have to take it slow for this to work, Zoe. So you need to relax and enjoy the feel of our mouths coming together, and only our mouths for now. And try if you can, while we do this, to think of how hot and wet you're getting, and how close you are to climaxing." 

Her breath warm against his lips becoming ragged, her heart beneath his palm beating a little harder, he could actually feel the proof of her arousal. Nodding that she understood, she murmured, "I love doing this with you. It just feels so good." Eyes drifting shut, her head fell back with a sweet sigh, allowing Tate to take full advantage, gently sucking and licking the slender column of her neck. Trailing his tongue in a long damp line, he teased the tender spot behind her ear, before drawing her earlobe between his teeth and flicking it with his tongue, and gently nibbling. "Oh," she murmured, "I see what you mean. I can feel I'm already wet. And you're making me crazy hot with just that amazing mouth of yours." 

And she wasn't the only one aroused, he was hard now, too, in fact so hard he ached. His lips curving into a slight smile against her neck, he knew it was foolish to think he could have her naked in bed and not want to get inside her. She held all the power, he knew that. Her body had become like a drug to him, and he was her addict. Still, since he'd promised they'd try to achieve orgasm without intercourse, he was determined to follow through -- even if it killed him. Come to think of it, this could be what would do him in, being this close to her without penetration, felt like a nearly unbearable deprivation. 

"And I want to kiss you too, or at least be able suck on you somewhere," she whispered close to his ear. 

Yeah, if she kept saying things like that he was going to lose it, no doubt in his mind. Just the thought of her tongue and sweet lips on him, never mind sucking on him almost anywhere and he'd be done. "Uh, how about you just let me take care of you for now, okay?" he murmured, cupping one of her breasts in his hand, and teasing her nipple with his thumb. 

Zoe visibly shivered at his touch. "Sure, but remind me I owe you a blow job later." 

The moment she said it, his heart nearly stopped. Wow, what an I-owe-you that was. His erection pressed to his belly, pre-cum smearing his skin, he knew he had to reach for some tissue, or he was going to be messing up the bed soon, especially since now he'd never be able to get the image of her going down on him out of his head until he came. He touched his forehead to hers, telling her, "I've got an idea, Zoe. How about you not say another word while I'm doing this with you, or it's going to end pretty quickly for both of us." 

She nodded her head, flashing an adorable grin. "Sure." 

Tate let out a ragged sigh and went back to pleasuring her with feather-light kisses along her jaw, and trailing lower, he circled her collar bone, getting her whole body quivering. Suddenly desperate for more, her hips thrust up and she began to buck right off the bed. Restraining her, he settled his arm firmly across her hips. "Easy there, sweetheart, remember I'm not going to get inside you this time." 

She groaned. "I know, but I wish you would. I feel like I need you Tate. I need you inside me." 

And with a sigh, he just rolled his eyes. Yeah, she was totally in control, no matter what he tried to do with her. 

Of course Tate wanted nothing more than to take her. It would be so easy too, just slip inside her and ride her like hell till they were both spent. But a promise was a promise, so he kept his mouth on her, tenderly lashing at her ribs with his tongue while holding her quivering body in place, praying that she'd come before he did, because he knew he was getting close, probably a little too close for his liking right now. 

He felt her hand brush against his penis making it jump as she whispered, "Please can I just touch you, Tate?" 

"No." God, no, that's all he'd need, he'd be done in a single stroke. "Just lie back and let me take care of you, and I promise you'll enjoy it." 

Already feeling like she was floating on a cloud of pure lust Zoe murmured breathlessly, "Oh, I am, believe me, but it feels like there's nothing in this for you." 

If only she knew. This slow sensual journey of discovery would probably stay with him a lot longer than any other sexual experience he'd ever had. "Believe me, I'm fine. Now just think about how good it feels as you're reaching for that crest, Zoe. Can you feel it coming?" He gently nipped at her neck then licked the spot with his flattened tongue to soothe it. 

Her hips shifted on the bed, squirming beneath him she bit into her lip, full breasts heaving, she murmured, "Uh,-huh... oh, I am getting close now, Tate, so close." 

His tongue lashed her breasts and she cried out, then drawing one tight nipple between his lips he began to gently suck it into his mouth. Then slowly, ever so slowly, he trailed a single finger from her breast, down over her ribcage and belly to the nest damp of curls between her thighs, parted her sex and pressed down and around, circling her clit. And with that single touch, she went off like a Roman candle, clutching the sheets frantically in her hands, twisting them between her fingers, her head tossing back and forth she cried out, "Oh, it's here, and it's so good, Tate. You were right, I'm coming so hard." 

And the instant she came, just seeing her reaction, Tate felt his own release shoot through his spine and out of his body. Diving for the box of tissues on the night stand, covering himself with a crumpled wad, he threw his head back, and as an orgasm of epic proportions pulsed through him. He gave himself permission to let go until he felt like he had nothing left, as his legs trembled and his heart pounded out of control. 

Flat on their backs side by side, desperately panting, a thin sheen of sweat coating their bodies, Zoe reached for his hand on the bed and gently squeezed. "That felt so good, thank you for that, Tate. I had no idea that was even possible. But next time we do that, it'll be my turn to take care of you." 

He felt his penis lurch at her words, and almost wanted to smack it. Did the damn thing never get enough? And he wondered about the speed of his reaction. The mere mention of her taking care of him, and his cock was instantly on board. He closed his eyes and felt himself beginning to drift off. It had to be her. Certain he'd never felt this way about any other woman before, nothing even close. 

Morning came and Tate rolled over in bed, his hand instinctively moving across the mattress searching for the feel of her. But after cracking open an eyelid, he saw that she was gone. Lifting his head and taking a glance at the clock he groaned -- almost nine and he was still in bed. Then his cell phone went off and he made a grab for it. "Hello?" 

"Hey, Tate, it's me, Beth. Hope you remembered about our lunch date today." He closed his eyes and shook his head to try and clear it. Slowly, it all started to come back to him. Beth had texted him in the cab the night he'd arrived from London, and he'd been so tired he must have agreed to meet her, but with everything that had happened since, he barely remembered. But if she was calling to remind him, apparently he had. 

"No, no, of course not, I haven't forgotten," he said as convincingly as he could. "What time was that again?" 

"Noon, you know where we always used to meet at the Arch on campus, I thought if you had the time we could make an afternoon of it." He could hear the smile in her voice. "And we could uh... do a little catching up." 

Afternoon? There was no way he agreed to an afternoon with her, had he? "Uh, sure, so is Curtis coming, too?" 

She laughed. "Oh, no, he won't be there, it'll be just the two of us, just like old times. And I can hardly wait to see you again. I've heard you're only here for a few weeks, so I didn't want to miss seeing you before you were off again." 

Though he'd been looking forward to spending the day with Zoe, it felt kind of rude to blow off his ex, especially if he'd already agreed to meet her. Besides, talking to her might be worth his while, considering how many people she knew at the University with her connections. In fact, she could even be instrumental in helping him land at least an interview at NYU, which until these last few days with Zoe, he wasn't even sure he wanted. But if it meant being closer to her, he'd sure consider it. 

She got his attention again when she said, "See you at twelve then?" 

He nodded. "Sure, see you then, Beth." 

Tate found a pair of clean boxers and slipped them on, wondering where Zoe had gotten to. And when he got to the kitchen he smiled. Standing at the stove in a little pale blue tank top and snug little pair of sexy ass-skimming boy boxers, she was making them pancakes, and wearing the sweetest smile. Her warm gaze settling on his, she said, "Morning." 

Tate wandered over to her, slipped his arms around her waist, tipped her chin up and kissed her lips, murmuring, "Morning to you, too. You know I missed waking up with you this morning." 

Her grin was teasing. "You trying to tell me I missed out on morning sex?" Tate just shook his head. Oh, god, he'd really unleashed a monster, but such an incredibly sweet and sexy one, that he really didn't mind. 

Chuckling, he went to the cupboard to get some cups. "Come to think of it, that wouldn't have been a bad way to start the day." After pouring them both a cup of tea, he set hers down by the stove, leaning his hip against the counter, to watch her, he told her, "I forgot I had lunch plans today with an old colleague, but you're welcome to join us if you'd like." 

Zoe wondered why she felt such a stab of disappointment, but knew it was probably because they'd spent nearly every waking hour together since that first night, and once he left, she already knew she'd miss having him around. But she waved him off. "No, I don't want to butt into your plans. You go ahead, I'm sure I can find something else to do today." Other than him, she thought, grinning slyly. 

"You sure? We're meeting at the NYU campus, and just going for quick bite to eat nearby, so you're more than welcome to come." As she wrinkled her pert little nose, he touched his finger to the end of it. He didn't know why exactly, but he wanted her to come, so he thought he'd sweeten the offer. "And if you do come along, maybe after we can go exploring somewhere." 

"Well, I do like exploring," she said with a grin. "And I haven't had a chance to see much of the city yet." 

"Good, it's settled then. And I'll just set the table." Zoe watched him leave, with a sigh. Whew, best body ever, she decided, squeezing her thighs together tight. Just looking at all that firm maleness was getting her hot again. As she flipped a pancake, she started to think how dull life was going to seem when she went home again. With no Tate to act out her fantasies, she might just have to pick up one of those vibrators she'd seen last night, and of course hide it away good so no one else would find it. And knew it would have to get a big one, too, to remind her of him. Uncomfortably scrunching up her face, she winced. Ew, but definitely not the one of those double-pronged ones. Her backside instinctively clenched at the thought of it, in total agreement. 

"Hmm," Tate unabashedly moaned closing his eyes as he swallowed his first bite. "These are so good. Did you make them from scratch?" he asked pointing with his fork at the stack of blueberry pancakes dripping with maple syrup and butter on his plate as he asked. 

"Yep." Zoe nodded. "I'm not a fan of the pre-mixed stuff, so I whenever I'm in the mood for them, I always make them fresh." 

"I was thinking that I'll probably be spoiling my lunch eating this whole stack, but I think I'd much rather finish these off than have some mediocre bowl of soup and sandwich, any day," Tate told her, cutting into another one. 

Zoe felt a little rush of pleasure at his praise, smiling at him. "Glad you're enjoying them." She reached for her tea and took a sip. "So, how should I be dressing for this lunch today?" 

He glanced up at her, struck as always by her natural beauty. "Jeans would work, or whatever you'd be comfortable in. I think I'll wear a sports jacket and tie though, since I guest lecture there occasionally, I don't really want to look like I'm slumming." 

Curious, she tipped her head. "So where is it you normally teach?" 

He hesitated, wondering how much he should share. "Uh... well, I had been at the University of California, Berkley, a while back, and then at another smaller southern university after that. But since then I've been looking for a change. I have an offer right now, but I'm not sure if I want to accept it." 

And when he went quiet and didn't seem inclined to elaborate, Zoe decided it best not to pry, imagining if he wanted to tell her more, he would. So, she told him, "Well, I've got to start thinking about getting back to school in a few weeks too. And normally I look forward to the new school year, but this year I'm almost dreading it." 

Tate held her gaze as he cut into another fluffy pancake. "And why is that?" 

She grinned. "Probably because I'm going to miss all the fun I've been having with you. And if these last couple of days are any indication, I'm sure after spending another week or so together, everything we've shared will be indelibly marked on my brain. So, needless to say, Miss McKay may not be at her best, at least for the first few weeks of school." 

Hearing her say that made him feel unbelievably good. He shrugged. Who knows, maybe there was hope for them yet. 

Sitting in the back of the cab on the way to the University, Tate reached for Zoe's hand, placed it in his lap and gave it a squeeze. She'd opted to tie her long, dark hair back, and go for a more conservative look than he was used to. Clad in a pair of fitted tan slacks, black leather pumps and a white silk blouse, she still looked absolutely gorgeous, as she always did. And just thinking about how pretty she looked, when she turned her head and caught his gaze, he winked. And that made her smile, and he sure did love to see her smile. In fact, he was beginning to realize that he loved everything about her. 
