 It had been a long week and I finished a nice paying job, I have a part time job as a handyman doing only jobs which I felt would not be too stressful. So far I had not had any upcoming work so I decided to tidy my small shop and take some inventory of what was in need of replacement.

About mid day the phone rang, it was a woman that wanted to know if I had done any decks. I told her I would come over and look to see what she had needed and give her an estimate. As she let me in the door she introduced herself as Tammy; I was in a blank stare for a minute, she was very beautiful with long brown hair and blue eyes. She had a very fit frame with curves in just the right spots, I quickly regained my senses and introduced myself.

She took me to the back of the house to where she wanted it built. It was not a hard job, she wanted an enclosed deck off the back of her house with a place for a hot tub. I drew up an outline of what would work and she approved, and asked what the cost was. 

I had told her she would have to buy all the materials and I would submit my bill for labor after it was done and gave her an idea of how much time for the job. I gave her a list of what was needed and where the best place to get it. 

Tammy asked me if I could help her with that as she did not know anything about it, I told her I would gladly help and we decided to do it first thing the next morning. 

I left her my card and drove off to my place to plan the job out, I had a nice relaxing evening in front of the TV with a few beers.

The next morning I drove out to Tammy's with my trailer, she greeted me at the door with a nice hot cup of coffee and we sat on her front porch and chatted. 

She had a pair of very tight jeans on, I had thought in my mind as I looked that I would love to be a fly on the wall to watch her get into those. !! Her top was equally bold as it hugged her breasts tightly showing a wonderful outline. This woman dressed hot I thought. 

We left for the lumber yard and picked out what was needed. I parked my trailer in her yard where I was going to be working;

I got started laying out the frame and digging the holes for the posts. It was a very hot day and I had removed my shirt while I slaved over the post hole digger. 

I looked up sometimes and caught her looking at me; I could see her nipples pressing against her tight shirt.

After finishing the frame layout I called the inspector to give the ok on that part, he said tomorrow he would come in the morning.

Tammy came out with a nice cool drink; she had changed out of her jeans and had put on some very skimpy shorts, as she sat down in her lounge chair I could see the outline of her pussy lips on her shorts. 

I knew she wasn't wearing any panties by that view. So what do you do for a living Tammy, I asked her? 

Well John, I am a model. I thought so I commented, you are extremely beautiful, well thank you John I find you rather good looking too and very fit. Would you like to stay for dinner she asked? 

Well I do need to get home and take a shower and change out of these work clothes, but I would love to return for dinner I said smiling. This evening has some exciting opportunities I thought.

Well come on by anytime after five today, and maybe I'll show you my portfolio after dinner.

I had made it home quickly and showered, my cock was very hard as thoughts of that gorgeous woman raced through my head. I changed into some comfortable clothes and sat down for a half hour in my easy chair. I drove back to her house and picked up a bottle of wine to go with dinner, as I drove up her driveway she came out to meet me on her front porch.

Dinner is almost ready said Tammy; she put the wine in the cooler to keep its chill.

The meal was wonderful and I commented on how good of a cook she was, she smiled and said she had some dessert also but we would have it later.

We sipped on the wine and she brought out her portfolio which I looked through. The pictures were mostly runway shots which showed some excellent outfits.

As I flipped towards the back I found a group of lingerie photos, she looked at me as my eyes were fixed on some very sexy poses. These are very sexy Tammy; you look so hot in these. 

She smiled and excused herself for a few minutes, she came back with a short red teddie and sexy red heels, I thought maybe I would give you a personal showing she said smiling.

She walked around and played with her breasts, her nipples were getting harder as she rubbed them with her fingers and moaned softly.

My cock was beginning to get very hard as she came closer and sat down on my knee, I reached up and caressed her breasts with my hands and felt her hands unsnapping my jeans and freeing my cock.

Her soft hand wrapped around it and stroked the full eight inches while her thumb teased the head. I took her teddie off I could feel her rocking her pussy against my thigh, it was shaved but with a little patch of hair above it and I could feel her wetness beginning.

Ohhh gawd I want some of this cock she moaned, as she got down on her knees and pulled my jeans off.

She quickly lowered her head to my cock and sucked its full length, I pulled my shirt off and sat back to enjoy this oral pleasure.

I leaned down and told her to lie on top of me I wanted to lick her sweet pussy, I lay on my back and she straddled her pussy over my mouth and her tongue licked my cock up and down.

She moaned as my tongue teased her clit, and I could feel her fucking against my mouth. 

I slid my tongue in deep and felt her pussy tighten hard against it; I pressed my thumb on her clit as I fucked her good with my tongue. 

Ohhhhhhhhhh gawdddddd yessssssssssss she screamed, oooooooooooh I am gonna cummmmmmmm. 

Her mouth slid down all the way on my cock as she sucked it hard and fast; I felt a warm gush of cummm squirting hard from her lips, it tasted so sweet as I quickly sucked it all down. I pushed her off of me and turned her around on her knees, she knew I was going to fuck her from behind.

Ooooooooooooooooooh yessssssss she moaned as I traced the head of my cock up and down her wet slit, I gave her a light smack on the bunz as I pressed the head inside and felt her push backwards to me.

Her pussy felt so good as it clamped hard on my eight inches of manhood, with each stroke she screamed with lust and as she started her second orgasm I gave her another sharp slap on her ass.

As my cock stroked deep inside her she held her orgasm, I felt mine building quicker and quicker; ohhhhhhhhhh I am gonna cum I moaned, She quickly pulled off of me and took my cock in her mouth and sucked it slowly. Let me taste your hot cummm in my mouth she moaned.

My legs stiffened and I came hard as I felt her lips sucking my head and her hand stroking the rest of my cock. She licked it all clean then pulled me down on the floor and gave me a tight hug, mmmmmmm wasn't that a delicious dessert she asked with a big grin.

She told me in the morning she was going to be away for a few weeks, I told her I should be done by then and would wait to make the doorway from the house to the deck when she came back.

She kissed me deeply and said goodnight, I went home to rest up for the hard work ahead of me for the next two weeks; I wanted it to be all done when she came back. The next two weeks went by fast; I had made the deck, set in the tub, and constructed an enclosure.

While just finishing and putting away my tools for the day, Tammy came home and was so happy of my work.

This looks fantastic she said I know I will put it to good use.

I told her I would be there the next day to install the doors from the house to the deck and then I would be finished, I told her I had a very long day and was looking forward to going home and relaxing.

The next morning I was there early, Tammy greeted me at the door in a very large T-Shirt which just about covered her sexy ass, I have coffee on and it will be ready real soon she said smiling.

We had our coffee and she told me about her past two weeks. I cleared the space and started to cut the wall open and in a few hours I had a nice door installed with all the trim. I spent the rest of the morning cleaning up, Tammy watched me from the deck still in her T Shirt. 

Hey when will the tub be ready she asked? You have to run the tub another day for everything to be just right. I came up and gave her my bill for labor, she paid me in cash which was real nice.

I hope I am going to see more of you John, I know I have a load of things that you can help me with.

The weekend came and Tammy called me and asked me to hang some blinds on the deck, come about eight tonight and we can do it then. 

I got there and she was already up on the deck with everything in place to be done. She had on a very tight fitting shirt with no bra which outlined her perfect nipples, and a very short dress which barely covered her lovely bunz.

She showed me where she wanted to hang them; I quickly put up the brackets and hung them all up together. We lowered them and it got quite dark up on the deck, I could see her moving close to me.

Why don't we try out the tub John? I felt her hands pulling my shirt up over my head and her lips kissing my nipples.

Mmmmm sounds like a very good Idea I said grinning. Slowly I pulled her shirt over her head kissing both breasts and running my tongue around each nipple.

Oooooooooooh yes that feels sooooo good John, her hands unsnapped my jeans and she knelt down to remove them. My cock sprung to attention as I felt her lips kissing the head and her tongue licking up and down the length. I pulled her up and knelt down while I pulled her short dress off, she had no panties on and my tongue licked her bare lips teasing her.

We climbed into the tub which was very warm, I turned on the water jets and we had pulses of water caressing us.

Mmmmmmmmm this feels very nice she said as she wrapped her legs around my waist and kissed my neck. I shifted her so my cock pressed against her pussy, I felt her rock against it and take it all the way in.

She moaned softly as I filled her with my hard cock, my hands held her bunz as she lifted up and down riding my cock.

I found a water jet in the middle of the pool which flowed from the bottom, I positioned her bunz over it and she squealed as she felt the pulses teasing her ass.

Mmmmmmm that tingles so good she squealed with delight. She lifted herself up and down on my cock quicker and quicker with her arms around my neck, I'm cummmming she screamed over and over ohhhhhhhhhh gawd yessssss this feels so good.

I could feel the warm flood of her cum on my cock bringing me close, as she pumped my cock with her pussy I knew I was going to cummm quickly. I moaned and squealed as she slowed her pace.

Fill my hot pussy with your cumm John I want to feel your cum with mine she whispered in my ear. Squeezing her bunz hard I came inside her, I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock as I gave her my cummm. 

We sat still together coming down from our lustful pleasure. I could feel her pussy pulsing around my cock as we held each other in the warm tub.

Mmmmmm lets take this inside she whispered in my ear, we got out of the tub and dried each other off slowly taking my hand she led me to her bedroom. 

We lay on the bed in a tight embrace, kissing each other deep and wet. She kissed her way down my chest slowly; I could feel her lips kissing me lower until her lips had found my cock.

She swirled her tongue around the head and licked the sides while her hand massaged my balls, soon my cock stood up hard as she took it deep in her mouth.

Looking down I could see her fingers rubbing her clit faster and faster, she got up and sat down on my cock I could feel it slide in her wetness with ease.

She fucked me hard and fast as she rocked up and down on my manhood, I felt her warm cummm flood my cock twice, ohhhhhhhhh I was in total heaven.

She rolled off my cock and fell back on the bed, I was still very hard and wanted to cumm again; putting some pillows under her and propping her back end in the air I slid my cock back inside her soaking wet pussy.

She screamed with lust with every stroke I gave her, I rubbed her tight hole with my finger teasing her more. 

I could feel her beginning to cumm again as her pussy clamped down hard on my cock; this brought my orgasm instantly and as I filled her pussy with my cumm I slid my finger deep inside her ass. 

She squealed as she came again this one lasting much longer than the last one. We fell down on the bed and slept till morning.

I woke and kissed her good morning, I am going to jump in the shower I whispered in her ear. I shaved my face and jumped in her warm shower washing myself all up, as I came out to dry off Tammy was sitting down with a sexy smile on her lips.

Now its my turn and you can watch me she said grinning. She sat down on a stool and lathered up her pussy and shaved her lips smooth, then walked into the shower and washed herself all over.

I could see her washing her breasts through the glass, oh gawdddd she looked so sexy. When she finished she came out and I dried her sexy body off with a towel, we kissed deeply and held each other tight. 

We quickly dressed and she made me a wonderful breakfast, she told me she was going to meet up with her friend who worked with her. 

I told her well give me a call when you need me again and I'll fix whatever you need. She smiled and gave me one last deep kiss, and you do such an excellent job.