 Fifteen minutes after she'd gone for a shower, Zoe walked back into the bedroom, wearing a very becoming tiny white silky robe, and with her damp hair loose around her shoulders, she looked amazing. Even without a speck of makeup, Tate thought she looked every bit as stunning as she had when they went out to the club, dressed in all that sexy leather. 

He was sitting up in bed, with an uncertain look in his eyes, having turned down her side of the bed for her, hoping she still wanted them to sleep together after she'd talked to her sister. Watching her slip out of her robe, his disappointment was like a punch to the gut when she crawled into bed wearing a pair of black boy boxers and a matching tank top. And he had to wonder if their incredible love life might already be over. 

"So, you're really okay?" he asked her, reaching for her hand. 

She nodded. "I'm fine. And I just wanted to say that I'm sorry I doubted you. You must think I'm paranoid, but I can't help but be suspicious, especially with my entire family watching my every move." 

Tate kept hold of her hand, rubbing it gently with his thumb. "Have you ever considered moving someplace else to get away from it?" 

Heaving a sigh, she nodded. "I have given it some thought, plenty actually, but then I wonder where I'd go." He smiled to himself, wondering if she'd ever consider living with him. Then he gave his head a mental shake, reminding himself that they'd only met the night before. 

And then in spite of her mood, she did something pretty delightful, impulsively cupping his face in her hands, pressing her lips to his, she kissed him, long and slow. Relieved that she apparently still wanted to be close, when he finally opened his eyes, and smiled into hers, he said, "Zoe, you might not like me saying this, but I don't really care how we wound up here together, I'm just glad we did." 

"I know. What's that expression -- The end justifies the means? Still, I hope those two weren't trying to play cupid. But since I am here with you like this, I guess I can't be too angry with them." 

Slipping his hands around her waist, Tate lifted her up and set her on top of him, smiling up into her pretty blue eyes. "And what's that other expression -- Make love not war? Personally, I've always thought those are words to live by."  

"Hmmm," Zoe moaned over his mouth as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him again. Then she got up on her knees and straddled his hips. Tugging her top over her head, and tossing it aside, she had her luscious breasts within perfect kissing distance of his mouth. And when she sank back down, her sex perfectly aligned with his now very stiff erection, separated only by the thin silk of her boxers, she smiled down at him. "So, Professor, I'd be very interested to hear your theory on make-up sex." 

Fighting back a groan as his hand slid down her back and over the smoothness of her perfectly rounded backside, he began to work her boxers off. Grinning up at her, he murmured, "Oh, I'm definitely in favor of it." 

Zoe decided she just loved his sexy smile. "So am I. And I'm sorry I accused you. And I am glad we're here together. Besides, I really don't think I could have found anyone better suited to help me with my little sexual frustration problem than you." 

His hand stilled and he began to wonder if for her, that's all this was -- a chance to get her groove on away from the prying eyes of her community before she had to return home and act the part of the proper little grade school teacher. God, he really hoped not. Already he was hoping this might lead to more, maybe a lot more, but if she only saw him as a means to scratch her itch, there was no way he could ever be cool with just that. 

Still, with the way she was grinding herself against his achingly stiff cock, lost in the feel of her, he soon forgot whatever it was he'd been thinking. Especially with all his concentration pinpointed on one particular area of his anatomy -- that being his throbbing erection, and the way she was happily torturing it. His eyes rolling back in his head -- torture or not, what she was doing just felt so damn good he wondered if he'd make it inside her before he lost it. 

His hands sliding along her hips, slipping her silky boxers lower, she lifted her hips up, helping him to get them off. And after reaching for the row of condoms he'd finally located in his suitcase, he quickly took care of himself, rolling one in place. Slipping between her legs, running his fingers over her wet little pussy, closing his eyes, he softly groaned. "Oh, man, Zoe, you're soaked." 

"And all for you," she murmured over his mouth, wearing the most adorably sexy grin before she sank down to claim him, covering his mouth with hers as he cupped her ass in one hand and wrapped his arm around her neck with the other, groaning even deeper at the amazing feel of her damp channel tightening snugly around his cock. And he felt like he was sinking into heaven. 

Amused and delighted by the look of concentration on her pretty face as she closed her eyes and began to ride him, Tate knew he could never say no to her, even if she really was just using him for sex. And seriously, how weird was that, wondering if she only thought of him as some kind of sex object she only wanted for his body. 

At least now he could identify with women who felt that way, and he had to admit, if it was true, that he didn't particularly like the feeling of being used. And also knew for a fact that this was one experience he would never use in a lecture on sexuality, mostly because it would be too painful to recall. The time he'd had the most amazing sex of his life with a gorgeous woman who only wanted him for his penis. And it wouldn't exactly be something he wanted to dig out of the vault to fondly recall in his old age, either -- that was for sure. 

Later, still bathing in the afterglow, after they'd both come good and hard, Zoe curled tightly to his chest, with his lips pressed to her temple, as he ran his hand along her back, he wanted so much to ask her what she thought they were sharing. But a part of him wasn't really prepared to hear her answer, especially if what he suspected was true, that for her he was simply a means to satisfy her sexual needs, which meant she could be with any guy who might be capable of sporting a boner. 

And when she took one of his hands from around her waist and lifted it to her mouth, looking deep into his eyes as she pressed it to her lips, he almost felt like pulling it back. All he knew was one way or another they'd have to sort this out, especially if they were planning on spending the next few weeks together. Because as good as it was between them, oddly enough, he already felt he needed more. 

Thinking back, he liked to think that he'd never used a woman as a sex object, so he didn't appreciate the idea that she might doing that with him. 

Curious about her motive, idly running his hand over back, as her eyes began to drift shut, he said, "Can I ask you something, Zoe?" 

"Hmmm, sure," she murmured, sounding pleasantly zoned out. 

"You ever do anything like that before. Go to a bar just to pick up a guy?" 

Her eyes shot open, looking surprised that he'd ask her that, and she told him the truth, "No, never." 

"I was just wondering why you'd risk something as dangerous as that. I mean you have no idea who might have picked you up tonight, and I'm sure I don't have to tell you that it could have turned out pretty badly, especially if you were alone." Which reaffirmed what he'd been thinking -- could be all she was after was sex -- even with him. 

Suddenly uncomfortable with the direction the conversation was going, she reached down and tugged the sheet up to cover her body, looking hurt. "I thought you said you understood." 

Tate rolled closer to touch a hand to her cheek. "I do. Of course I understand sexual need, but I don't understand how you could just put yourself out there, not really sure who you might wind up with. Or even knowing what motive they might have for wanting to take you home with them. I'm sure I don't have to tell you that there are a lot of bad guys out there. And believe me, you'd be quite a catch for anyone, especially for someone who might want to do you harm." 

Clenching the sheet in her hands, she said, "Well, maybe I wasn't thinking too clearly. All I was looking for was sex, and only sex. Do you have any idea how long it's been for me?" 

He shook his head, still caressing her cheek with the back of his hand and said quietly, "No, I don't." 

"Well, it's been well over a year. And believe me a shower head set on pulse doesn't exactly cut it when you're ready to climb the walls. And before you ask, I don't own a vibrator. With my nosy family I'd be afraid someone snooping through my stuff would find it and start giving me the third degree about why I'd even have one." 

No damn wonder she was frustrated. Come to think of it, it had been a while for him, too. Not since Beth, who'd left him for his friend and colleague last fall. His lips curled into a slight smile, but at least he was equipped to take matters into his own hands so to speak, whenever he felt the need. 

Finally he told her, "Well, I guess for these two weeks, at least we can satisfy each other's needs." And watching her anxiously bite her lip, he narrowed his eyes, wondering if there was more to this than she was letting on. "You did say all you were looking for was sex, right?" 

Feeling her cheeks blushing crimson, she admitted, "Um... sex, yes, but maybe with an element of danger, and perhaps something a little wild." Wincing, she turned her face to look at him. "Now you really must think I'm terrible." 

Trying to hide both his surprise, and his suddenly burgeoning erection, his pulse starting to race after hearing that, Tate studied her, running his thumb across her full lower lip. "No," he told her, "I don't think you're terrible. Fantasy has always played a huge roll in sex, which is why it can be such a huge turn on. Hell, even people married fifty years or more still occasionally participate in role play, looking for ways to spice things up." 

"Well, then Professor Hot Stuff, exactly how do you propose I satisfy my particular needs without getting dragged away by some pervert that I might meet in a bar?" 

If his achingly erect cock was anything to go by, he knew he was just the man to help her with her little problem. Running his knuckles along her jaw, tracing a path to her breasts, he gently pinched one taut pink nipple, keeping his gaze locked firmly on hers. "You want me to show, or tell you, Zoe... or would you prefer both." 

Tate could actually feel his blood warming in his veins as she softly gasped at the shock of him pinching her nipple and hungrily licking her lips, she whispered, "All of it, Tate, I want it all." 

Blowing out a startled breath, he tried to decide how best to excite and hopefully blow her mind without doing anything that might actually frighten her. And he decided to start by gently slapping her cute little backside. Her eyes flying open wide, from the slight sting, she let out a startled gasp. "Okay, up on your knees," he told her, before she could even react to what he'd done. 

Though he could see her nervously swallowing, she still did as he'd asked and dutifully rolled to her knees. Looking over her shoulder at him, she asked anxiously, "Now what?" 

Fuck, was it ever hot, seeing her like this -- naked on her hands and knees, just waiting for his command. Never into domination, now he could understand the allure, with the way she was dutifully following his instructions, prepared to let him take her any way he damn well pleased. 

"Now crawl up to the top of the bed and clutch the headboard," he told her, giving her pretty ass another little swat. 

As she quickly did as he asked, he wondered if he could manage to do this, to give her just a little taste of what rough sex was like without losing it and going all caveman on her ass. But just seeing her poised so invitingly, he got up his knees and crawled up behind her, fisting himself in his hand, giving himself a few strokes, his cock was already humming like a bastard to get inside her. Unable to resist, he did what he'd been dreaming about doing since he'd first set eyes on her gorgeous little backside, gently sinking his teeth into one perfect pink ass cheek -- he nipped at her tender flesh. 

He grinned when she gasped, turned her head and asked, "Did you just bite my ass?" 

Tate chuckled. "Yeah, couldn't resist. You have got one fine ass, there, Zoe." And he was surprised and oddly pleased from the way she'd reacted that apparently no one had ever done anything like that to her before. He watched her shake her head and even manage to laugh a little. 

Observing the way her chest rose and fell as her breathing became more labored, the more she got aroused was only getting him that much harder. And he knew this was going to be hot, giving her a taste of the wild side. 

Running his hands over the pale globes of her backside, squeezing and massaging, his cock rock hard and just aching to sink into her, he knew he wouldn't last long. And he felt sure she was already wet and ready for him, too. But he wasn't going to take her just yet -- at least until he'd a chance to taste her again. Rolling onto his back and sliding beneath her, he told her, "Spread your legs open wide and hang on tight." He knew that demanding her to do what he wanted would be a pretty big turn on for her. So, this time around, he'd have to remember to skip the niceties, and just tell her what he wanted from her. 

Tate watched her eyes go wide as he slid his head beneath her, till he was staring up at the enticing sight of her gaping little snatch. "Now I'm going to taste you again, so drop that sweet pussy of yours down onto my face." 

Her mouth falling open, body trembling, her arms were shaking as she clutched the headboard in a death grip. Her gorgeous breasts heaving with every ragged breath she took, she nervously inhaled as her breathing quickened at the thought of what they were doing. It all seemed so raunchy, and yet so unbelievably exciting. Still, she followed his instruction, doing exactly as he'd told her, carefully shifting herself lower, till she heard him groan and felt the heat of his breath warm on her sex. 

And the moment she dropped herself close to his face, his arms shot out, clutching her ass in his hands. Taking her with his mouth, lashing into her with his tongue, he revelled in the sound of her desperate whimpers as she shifted even lower, basically feeding herself to him. And he couldn't believe how hot it felt to be feasting on her hot little pussy, and fucking her with his mouth. 

"God, Zoe, you're sweet, so damn sweet," he murmured, as he hungrily lapped at her back to front, sliding his tongue over and over along the length of her quivering little pussy. Letting go of her with one hand, he began to explore the deep, tight recess of her body first with one finger and then a second, making her cry out and begin to tense. Pressing his lips to her sex, bestowing her with a lingering open-mouth kiss, he murmured, "Don't fight it, Zoe, just enjoy it. Believe me you'll thank me when you come." 

And as he worked her tight little core, spreading her hot juices over her dripping sex with this tongue, he smiled as he felt her body beginning to tremble. Arching her back, she threw back her head, as the most incredible tingling sensation she'd ever felt ran through her. "I had no idea..." she murmured, barely able to catch her breath. Lost in the feel of him ravishing her sex, her mouth falling open, clutching the headboard in a death-grip, desperately panting, she shamelessly rocked her swollen sex against his mouth, really getting into it. 

Encouraging her, he said, "That's it. Let me take where you need to go, Zoe. And you just relax and enjoy the ride." Tate knew he sure as hell was. Ready to blow his wad, he wondered as he feasted on her sweet little pussy if he'd be able to bring her to climax before he completely lost it and made a mess of them both. Then he felt her tensing, every last inch of her. Her broken cries more desperate now, she began to shake, legs trembling, sex quivering so hard he could actually feel her tingling on his tongue. And as she came in a violent rush, her release was so damn wet, and so sweet, he just couldn't stop lapping it up. 

"Oh, Tate, I can't. I just can't." She tried to crawl away, startled by coming so wickedly hard, her entire body quivering like crazy, but he held her firm. 

"Yes you can, this is what you wanted remember, to come so hard and wild like this?" As he gently lapped at her quivering pussy, nursing her through her mind-numbing orgasm, he felt her begin to collapse, her body turning into a quivering mass in his arms. 

Dropping onto her hands, she whispered his name, her entire body visibly shivering. "Oh, that just felt so... Oh, god, I can't even describe it..." 

And when he saw she was about to fall, he caught her with both arms around her waist. Tugging her down, he shifted up beneath her and claimed her mouth, desperately crushing his mouth to hers, giving her a taste herself, sure he'd never been more turned on in his life. 

And the way she kissed him back, he nearly devoured her. Their kiss almost violent in its intensity, tugging his lips between her teeth, lashing at his mouth with her tongue, damn it was one fiery kiss. Both so erotically charged by this point, he knew he had to finish what he'd started before they went crazy on each other. 

"Back up on your knees," he said firmly. "I never said we were done." 

Her legs wobbling unsteadily, he took pity on her, and helped her onto her hands and knees. After snagging another condom, he slid down to the end of the bed and came at her from behind. "I don't think I can hold back," he murmured against her spine, brushing his lips along her back, he reached beneath her, cupping one of her breasts, while he held the base of his shaft and slid home. Slamming into her hard and deep, he couldn't believe how incredible she felt like this, clenching his throbbing cock so unbelievably hard inside her. 

Her head falling back, she brokenly gasped, "Oh, God, Tate, this just feels so good with you." 

And so did she. From this angle, tight as she normally was, if possible, she felt even tighter. Gritting his teeth, he clamped a hand to her hip, pounding his groin against her ass, slapping his thighs against her pretty pink butt cheeks, he couldn't believe the sound of his guttural grunts as he took her like a rutting beast desperate to stake his claim. 

He could feel her body quaking with every powerful thrust that seemed to match the beating of his pounding heart. And as the tingle in his spine raced to his brain, he knew he wouldn't last much longer, with how insanely hard he was taking her. She was just so incredibly tight, and felt so good. And the sight of slender body bent in submission was almost too erotic for words. Ready to lose everything he had, he threw back his head and growled. 

Slipping his hand beneath her, stroking her clit with his fingers, plunging deep into her tight little pussy over and over again, finally coming hard, brokenly crying out his name Zoe began to fall to pieces beneath him. Holding her tight, supporting her with his arms around her waist, with just a few more deep strokes, he joined her, exploding deep inside her with everything he had, he came in a fiery blast. Eyes clamped tight, with his jaw clenched, the power of his orgasm nearly knocking him flat Tate finally rolled his body with hers. Once he'd pulled out of her, he drew her close, gently cradling her in his arms. Pressing his lips to her shoulder, barely able to breathe, he murmured, "Just tell me you're okay, Zoe." 
