 Special thanks to Lit's Volunteer Editors reviews and suggestions that encouraged the best from me: OmegaZone, Nightbird, and Jacuzzigal

*

The night wears on as Bill sits alone at the hotel bar questioning his sanity; his mind in turmoil, still fogged with barbaric lust. Wrapping trembling fingers around his glass tightly, he shudders reliving the raw pleasure that so recently fed his soul. Gulping his drink he shakes his head trying to sort the chaotic emotions scorching his conscience, 

'This is unbelievable. How could a woman drive me to such extreme measures?' 

Never in his life has he committed such a brazen act. Bill's hand slips inside his pocket to fondle her warm, moist panties, remembering the moment their eyes met at the conference earlier. How transparent her realization was to him with her timid blush compelling him to pursue her.

Bill bribed the hotel guard to insure they'd not be disturbed, but only intended a brief interlude to win a kiss or two or perhaps a companion for the evening. 

'My god, I fucked her right there in that darkened room.'

Recalling now how his seductive caresses selfishly claimed her. Just the closeness of her drove him like a crazed animal. Yet it was her own arousal that flared his nostrils as he lost himself in the supple fullness of her breasts. The powerful surge overtaking him with her demure surrender, admitting she wanted him. Her slick moist depths inviting his invading thrusts. Both of them caught up in that lustful moment, consumed by shameless abandon, 

'I went mad...utterly and completely mad!' 

With a quick glance around the deserted bar Bill assumed most hotel guests were busy at dinner. Combing fingers through his black hair, he pulled it back from his forehead, trying to regain his composure. Welcoming the privacy, he struggled to collect his wits. 

His racing heartbeat slows and his blank expression masks the personal anguish battling inside. Sitting in his tailored Italian suit, Bill appears the successful business executive that he is. He straightens his slouch on the stool as his reflecting steely eyes scrutinize his six foot frame from the mirrored bar. 

Running a hand down his chest to flatten his tie he gives himself the credit due. Bill works at staying fit and people would be hard pressed to guess he's forty-eight, except for the tattling grey hairs just beginning to claim his temples. Permitting himself a vain smirk he admits, 

'Not an unhandsome devil.' 

Then a sharp twinge of conscience reminds him, 

'Still a devil just the same!'

'All right enough of this! I'll just find her and make it right. She'll sees I'm not uncivilized...reckless and impulsive maybe, but not a beast.' 

Bill's fingertips tingle remembering the softness of her skin as he plays one around the rim of his glass. Her beautiful emerald eyes haunt his thoughts as he schemes to win her heart. If nothing else, he's a man that knows how to get what he wants.

The bartender gestures, 

"Hey Bill, one more time?" tilting a bottle toward his empty glass. 

Pulled from his reverie Bill chuckles privately,

"...One more time?" 

He grins suggestively rolling the panties hidden in his pocket to a tight ball. 

"With a little luck, I sure hope so! Give me a bottle of your finest champagne with two glasses and add the bill to my room." 

Slipping the bartender a tip, he tucks the glasses safely in his pocket and the bottle in the crook of his arm. With a solid determination he strides from the bar, a plan already conniving in his head.

~~~~

The full moon shines a bright blue light in the sparkling sky above. With a shiver, Trish pulls her sweater tight against the cool night breeze. Truth be told, it's the lingering pleasure she is desperately denying that's shooting electric tremors through her body.

Trish has walked, for what seemed like hours, trying to make sense of her confused mind and treacherous body. She has berated herself severely for giving in to a stranger's advances. Common sense telling her getting caught would have caused serious repercussions with her job...and maybe even jeopardized her career. Or worse!

'What the hell were you thinking, acting like a slut? Are you ready to throw away everything you've worked so hard for?'

'I wasn't thinking...I was swept away and just wasn't thinking.' the thrill of his lips on her skin and his commanding hands taking possession of her will still making her tremble.

Burying those smoldering passions, slowly the reasonable side of Trish's conscience takes control. Admitting her foolishness and hating the bitter taste of rebuke, she shuns the lustful memories with one last shiver. With a sigh of resignation she finds her sense of stability returning. Now all she wants is to hurry back to her hotel room before she looses all resolve. To truly rid herself of these lurid thoughts she needs to wash away the sweet creaminess still warming the inside of her thighs. 

~~~~

A satisfied smile paints Bill's face as he cons the housemaid to let him into Trish's room, claiming to have forgotten his key. Surprising her with a $50 dollar bill didn't hurt either. With him juggling champagne and roses, the maid assists with the door. Before closing him in she gives a flirty wink,

"She's a lucky lady, hope you both enjoy your night." 

Once inside Bill quickly goes about setting his plan in motion. The champagne was put on ice to chill. A cassette of soft jazz starts to play in the background. The wine glasses sit on the table with a rose between them. The bed covers folded back with another rose in the middle of the thick duvet. 

Next, Bill runs a scalding hot bath that won't cool off too soon and even thinks to float a few rose petals on the water. Placing lit candles throughout the bath, he smiles seeing their flickering flames dancing shadows on the wall. 

Bill purposely leaves the sleeping room in darkness except for the moonlight shining through the sheer drapes. He positions himself in a large chair with his back to the window so she will see his silhouette as she enters the room. 

The wait wasn't long before the key card slid into the lock. Stepping inside, the door closes with Trish's release. Her heart leaps into her throat seeing the shadowed figure sitting across the room. Her hand covers her mouth to stifle a scream as she chokes on the recognition

"Oh my god...it's YOU!"

"Don't be frightened Trish." Bill remains quietly seated trying to reassure her she is in no danger. Her moonlit shadow on the wall distorts her petite 5'4" frame but cannot take away the sensual outline of every curve. Trish's panic causes her full round breasts to swell as they heave with each breath. 

"You knew I had to come." Bill's voice is soft and apologetic.

Still stunned Trish fumbles for the wall switch, turning on the bedside lamp. She pins him to his seat with an accusing glare. 

"How did you?" 

Looking around the room Trish hesitates, momentarily speechless taking in the romantic scene he has prepared. 

"How do you know..." realizing he called her by name she finally stammers, desperately begging her mind to complete one coherent thought.

"WHO are you?" she demands stomping her foot to put a stop to the whirling confusion. 

"Trish...my name is Bill Anderson, and if I'm not mistaken, you know me intimately." 

He senses the warmth of his smile is softening her reserve while he attempts broaching the subject of their previous encounter on a lighter note. The crimson rush of color, his humor creates, floods Trish's cheeks and travels down her neck showing him promise of the passion she's unable to hide. 

Trish's true reaction is actually one of startled confusion. As her head spins, she dares herself not to faint as the flush of heat reddens her skin. The seconds pass with awkward indecision as she shifts her stance from one foot to the other where the dampness between her legs only adds to her dilemma. 

"Trish, come here..." reaching out a hand Bill beckons her closer. 

He's hoping that his command is voiced with enough genuine tenderness to win her trust and set her at ease.

"Please...you are the only one who can help me make sense of what is happening to us. I have to quiet my conscience and show you I'm really not that savage brute you saw earlier." 

Trish feels his genuine plea and is strangely unafraid, allowing his voice to draw her closer. Slowly she reaches his outstretched hand only to tremble as the heat and passion they had shared earlier tingles alive at his touch. 

Bill mistakes her reaction for fear and slowly stands before her when it's actually a desperate attempt to hide her rising passions that prevents Trish from meeting his gaze. A gentle placed fingertip under her chin lifts those timid emerald eyes to lock with his. 

"You honestly have nothing to fear."

Bill's lips brush against hers before pressing a gentle kiss. Encouraged as Trish leans closer, he gently wraps his arms around her. There he discovers instead of fear, they share the same passions beating loudly between them.

Bill's cologne sparks her vivid memory filled with his sandalwood and spice. Plunged into a realm of earthy scents, Trish easily succumbs to his kiss. With the softest sigh from her, Bill lets his tongue lick her lips, finding them open and willing. Probing his tongue inside it dances seductively against hers, whirling them both into heights of passion that leaves them breathless. 

With knees tempting to fail her, Trish swoons in his arms by the sheer intensity. After nibbling soft kisses up her neck, Bill is unable to mask the aroused tone in his hoarse whisper, 

"Please...tell me I'm not the only one that feels this." 

Pulling back slightly, Trish dares to meet his gaze. The moonlight emits an aura outlining his strength and she feels the magnetism between them. A gentle caress against his cheek and Trish can't suppress the desire consuming her soul. 

"Bill...I feel it too. Damn caution anyway, you feel so perfectly right." 

Stretching her petite frame up on the tips of her toes Trish pulls him down to meet her lips. The plush softness and tender response invites her to explore as he gives himself to her. 

Her hands caress down to slip under his coat, spreading it open and off his shoulders. Laying it into the chair behind them Trish sighs with the feel of Bill's fingers pulling through her long auburn waves. 

The silkiness of each strand plays through his fingers and Bill plunges into the fresh scent, inhaling deeply to capture the essence that is so uniquely hers.

Empowered, Trish resumes her kiss while loosening his tie and unbuttoning his shirt. Tasting him hungrily her tongue plunges in and out as she caresses each side of his tongue before sucking it into her own mouth. With a deep sultry moan she only hints at the passions igniting within her. 

Bill's hands caress up and down her arms bunching up the sleeves and pulling the front of her blouse taunt. A simple flick of his fingertip and the buttons escape their hole. 

He works his way down her blouse opening the final buttons while returning the same blazing passion of her kiss. Every suggestive stroke of Trish's tongue makes Bill's manhood swell and ache with a throbbing hardness.

Breaking away from their kiss Bill struggles to catch his breath and holds back the urge rising from his balls. Entranced he watches as her ragged breaths swelled her breasts full and round.

"God Trish, what are you doing to me woman?" 

Trish's devilish grin shows her pleasure in arousing him. She's enjoying him too much to allow common sense or even logic to interfere and gives Bill a provocative wink.

"Ah hah! I have been lured by a sly temptress I see!" pulling her close he playfully swats her ass, but then kisses her pout away. 

"Give me a break, would you? I'm trying to prove I'm not a crazed lunatic, but baby, one more kiss like that and I'll be ripping your clothes off and having my way with you right where we stand!" 

Trish presses her body into him seductively so he feels the heat between them. Slowly raising her eyes demurely to meet his she purrs, 

"Promise?" 

Willingly Bill plunges deep into the lustful emerald pools he finds staring up at him. Pulling her tighter still so Trish can't miss his hardened desire pressing against her mound, with a deep husky voice laced with desire he replies, 

"Yes...I promise." 

The searing kiss Bill plants on Trish's lips leaves no doubt he's more than willing to satisfy her every need.

As Trish's eyes flutter back open he sweeps her up into his arms. 

"Your bath awaits M'lady." Clinging to Bill's neck her surprised giggle sends delicious goose bumps along his arms.

"My what?"

"Oh my," Trish softly sighs as they enter the bath. 

The glowing warmth of the candles and alluring scent of roses ignites romantic thoughts only dreamed of. Trish smiles thinking,

'If I am dreaming, please don't wake me.'

Sitting on the edge of the large tub, with Trish comfortably in his lap, Bill reaches to add hot water to the cooling bath. Sneaking a close look at her ardent lover, she studies the features of his face. Memorizing the straight line of his jaw, the slight slope of his nose, the laugh lines at the corners of his eyes where she finds that same steel grey stare that entranced her soul before. A soft whimper escapes her lips as she is met with his searching stare. She lowers her eyes and soft warmth radiates through her. 

"I love it when you blush." 

Bill's lips bend to kiss the bare shoulder his fingers have gingerly exposed. Cradled in his lap, Trish feels the material glide down to her elbows, first one side, and then the other; his hands gentle as they caress her skin with the lightest touch; his lips moist and breath warm as they ignite her senses. 

Bill reaches behind to turn the faucet off letting her fragrant hair caress his face. Watching, he sees his tiny vixen pull her shoulders back to ease her arms free of the blouse. The afforded view causes Bill a quick gasp of breath when both breasts jut out, pushing the hard pointed nipples against the lacy bra confining them. 

Trish's full mounds swell with each breath, deepening the cleavage that draws him nearer. That soft rosy blush turns crimson as he lowers his head to kiss the fullness of the breast at his lips and his hand reaches around to squeeze his fingers into the soft flesh of the other one.

"God Trish, you're beautiful."

After wet kisses to one and a caressing squeeze to the other Bill reluctantly releases his hold. Moving his hand slowly, he skillfully manipulates the hooks and moans his pleasure pulling the bra free and watching both luscious orbs unveiled. 

Trish lulls her head back as Bill draws the closest pearly pink nipple into his mouth. His lips feel hot and suck harder as she cradles his head to her bosom, encouraging him to suckle each one. She groans loudly when he lashes the excited nipples with the tip of his tongue. Sipping air through clenched teeth Trish pants holding off the building climax threatening to overtake her.

"Sensitive aren't they?" Bill teases with a gentle pinch and tug to each nipple. "We'll have to remember to give them their equal share of attention." 

One last pinching tug for each draws a deep sensual moan from Trish and the nipples are no longer soft pearls, but hardened red points, torturously taunt and screaming to be soothed. 

Like a helpless plaything under his spell, Bill stands Trish between his legs and unfastens her skirt. Not a word between them as his hands glide down pulling her skirt and slip past her hips and letting them pool at her feet. 

Trish's pink softness feels delicate under his fingers as he gently plays against her skin over her smooth belly leading to the trimmed downy mound crowning the bare pink folds that conceal her treasure. Feasting his eyes on every sensuous curve, Bill gives an assisting hand as she steps into the tub. 

Standing to reach behind him, he grabs a hair tie from the counter and returns to collect her long silken tresses into a ponytail on top of her head. Combing back the few unruly tendrils with his fingers Bill leans close to brush his lips against her exposed neck.

As if floating in a dream, Trish's relaxes into the bath as she allows her buoyancy to relieve the weight and tension from her muscles. Reclining with her head resting on the back of the tub she watches Bill closely. His intentions are clear as he quickly removes his dress shirt. The t-shirt underneath fits tight across his broad shoulders, but gives way easily as he grasps the bottom hem and pulls it up over his head. 

The strong muscles in Bill's arms flex with the effort. The upward thrust pulls his torso tight revealing the soft black curls on his chest that taper suggestively into a thin line leading to his belly button. 

Bill is mindless of his display, intent only on getting out of his clothes as quickly as possible. Trish stares taking in every movement; the quick motion of his belt separating and the button loosening the waist; every rasp of the zipper as it lowers; stifling a giggle as he dances from one foot to the other flipping, off his shoes and shaking his legs free of his slacks. Her eyebrow arches and an approving grin smiles up at him as he manages to pull both socks off and stands dressed only in black silk boxers.

Seeing the unconscious wetting of Trish's lips as he removes his boxers and the rush of color that blushes her skin seeing his semi-hard manhood sets Bill's ego soaring. He's thinking 'all for you my love' as he urges her forward to lower his body behind her, his long legs caressing either side of her body.

A lifetime of fantasies come alive for Trish as Bill sponges hot water over her shoulders watching rivulets pour down to trickle off her nipples. Soaping the sponge he traces her arms, her shoulders and her neck while her hands caress up and down his thighs under the water. He takes a breast into one hand and rubs the soapy sponge lightly over her engorged nipple making it even redder. The rough texture of the sponge pulls a low lusty groan from deep inside Trish. 

Lifting the weighty mounds Bill caresses the underside of each. Releasing the sponge he delights in the soapy feel of his hands mauling them. Pulling and tugging at each nipple pinched between his finger and thumb. Trish squirms and moans breathing rapidly under his merciless touch. He nudges her head to the side with his own and licks wet and wide up her neck savoring the feeling of her pulsing passion against his tongue. She melts willingly into his embrace, wanting so much to disappear inside of him. 

Bill feels Trish's body meld to his, so delicate and small. Naïve to the passion she holds. His heart swells and he yearns to hold her and keep her safe forever. Trish's eyes slowly rise to find him staring down at her. He pulls a stray strand of hair from her cheek saying, 

"I want you with every fiber of my being...more than I have ever wanted anything in my life...I need you Trish."

Bill's strong arms roll her to lie against his reclining chest. His ankles lock around her legs and his hands cupping both butt cheeks to slide her forward against his hard aching member. His lips press hotly and his tongue plunges urgently taking her mouth fully and deeply, demanding she suckle and feed from his desire.

Trish's fingers snake around his neck and she allows her sex to grind against Bill's hardness. Feeling his hands squeezing the cheeks of her ass and sliding their bodies ever so slightly back and forth, working his steel hard shaft between the slick folds of her pussy.

The kiss is deep and passionate but she pulls away grimacing at the roughness of his bearded stubble. Now it's Bill who blushes, rubbing his fingers over his chin realizing how he must be chafing her delicate skin.
