 Sitting at the computer in our bedroom I hear the water start to drain out of the bathtub. Getting up from my chair I quietly move around the room lighting some candles I have set out.

Just as I get the last one lit, you open the door stepping out into our bedroom. 

I am standing just to the side, behind you when you stop and begin to look around the room. Moving up behind you, I bend down kissing the back of your neck, as it is still exposed since you swept your hair up while in the bath. 

You jump, startled by my touch, since you couldn't see me when you first came out of the bathroom, but you quickly relax as my lips move across the back of your neck and my arms wrap around your waist. 

"How do you like how I fixed the room while you were enjoying the bath?" I whispered.

"It looks nice, very romantic."

"Good, I want you to look all around and take a very good mental picture so you can remember it for a long time."

Just as you start to ask why I move quickly to cover your eyes with a purple, silk scarf. 

Before you can move your hands up to your face to remove the cover I firmly grab your hands holding onto them.

"Just relax baby, tonight you are mine," I whisper in your ear and loosen my grip to see that you are not going to try and do anything. 

I start moving my hands up and down your smooth arms, feeling little goose bumps rise to my cool touch on your warm arm. I reach back in front of you and untie the knot that was loosely holding your short robe around you. 

It falls open and my hands wander inside, going up and softly cupping your full breasts in my hands. My lips brush against your earlobe and I suck it into my mouth just as my fingertips brush your nipples which harden to my touch. 

"Turn around so you are standing in front of me and remove that robe so you are naked."

I take a step back so you have room to do as I have told you to do. 

You move slowly in the dancing candlelight turning to face me. 

I reach up and touch you on the shoulder to let you know to stop.

You then reach up and push the robe off your left shoulder first, then the right and shrug it off, letting it fall and gather at your feet. 

Moving back close to you I begin to trace your body with my hands, starting at your shoulders and going down, cupping both your breasts and lightly pinching your nipples, making them harder.I squat down running my my palms down your legs, then moving back up along the inside as you stand with your legs slightly spread. Lightly I brush your pussy feeling the wetness that has already formed. Standing back up I take your hand and guide you over to the bed, easing you back so you feel your legs bump the bed as you sit down. 

"Lay back on the bed." I tell you in a firm voice.

I watch you lay back on the bed as I kneel down in front of you spreading your legs open so I can look directly upon your sex. 

Your lips have a sheen of moisture on them and they are puffy, peeking out below your patch of hair. I kiss first the top of your left foot then take the right and kiss it lightly. Moving up your smooth legs, I kiss my way from one leg to the other until finally reach your upper thighs, so close I can smell your sweet, intoxicating aroma of arousal. 

With my fingertips I gently take your outer lips and separate them before running my tongue inside, swirling all around in your wetness. 

Your hips rise against the digging of my tongue. I let my tongue weave a trail moving up towards your clit as it pokes out swollen from beneath its sheath. I push against it, feeling it throb under my tongue, then roll it all around flicking it across the sensitive back and forth. Your hands are pulling at my hair, keeping me pulled tightly against your pussy. 

"Oh god baby! Don't stop, don't stop licking my pussy."

Hearing you talk dirty only makes me want you to cum even harder on my face. I slip two fingers inside of your slick opening and quickly fill you. I keep my tongue moving all over your clit while moving my fingers in time with it. I curl my fingers upwards inside of you, massaging your g-spot while I suck and lick your clit. 

"Yes, oh god yes! I am fixing to cum."

I suck on your clit harder as my fingers glide in and out of your slippery pussy, pushing you over the edge.

"Yessssss" you moan loudly. 

I feel your lips quivering and spasming all around my digits still inside of you. Your throbbing clit jumps out against my roving tongue. I feel your juices leaking out as the wave of your orgasm comes down from its crescendo. 

Slowly I pull my fingers out and see more of your juices spill out from between your lips as they lay open, looking like a rose with it petals glistening in the early morning dew. I kiss the inside of your thighs before pushing back to sit on my knees while letting you relax for a moment. Taking my fingers, still wet with your juices I lean forward and brush your nipples, making them wet and hard with your own juices. 

"I hope that relaxed you even more than your hot bath did." I sigh, standing up to undress myself. "Do you think you have the strength to sit up my darling?"

With great effort, you manage to push yourself up by your hands and are now sitting on the edge of the bed.

I move up to you making sure the blindfold is still secure and casually brush against you so you can feel I am now naked. I reach under the bed pulling out a lil step stool I had slid under earlier and stand on it. 

"I want you to suck on my cock. Use your hot mouth and talented tongue but there is a catch to it. You are not to use your hands at all, they must remain by your sides at all times. If you fail to do this you will be punished." I paused for a minute to let you think about this for a moment. "If you fail you will get a spanking on your bare ass."

I hear you let out a sharp gasp.

Taking my hard cock in hand I rub the head of it against your left nipple, rubbing it all around then moving over to the right and treating it the same. Standing up more, it is now in line with your pretty mouth. 

Slowly I move my cock and trace around your lips with the moist tip. 

"Suck it baby, I want you to get it super hard so I can penetrate you so deep and fill you so full." 

I rest the tip against your lips and watch as you slowly part your red lips forming a O surrounding my cock, moving as bit by bit of my cock disappears inside of your mouth. 

I feel your tongue as it swirls around the head , flicking across the tip, then I feel it trail along the sides of my ever growing member. 

I take hold of the lil ball on top of your head and guide your mouth over my cock. I feel your soft hand surrounding my cock stroking me as your head moves up and down.

"Uh-huh baby, you know better than that, surely you have not forgotten the rules so soon." 

In surprise you moan around my cock wondering if I am gonna carry on with my plans.

"Why don't you move so that you can be on your hands and knees in front of me?"

Watching I see my cock slip from between your lips with a strand of spit clinging to it from your tongue until eventually you are too far away and it breaks. 

Your breasts hang down low as you move around on the bed getting into position. 

No sooner are you set before I push my groin against your lips feel mycock being drawn inside. 

Feeling so good as you work on my cock once again I feel a hand on my cock. 

This time I don't say anything, I just lean forward across your back drawing my hand back.

Smack! 

A sharp sound is made as my hand comes down landing firmly on your bare ass. 

You jump from the sting and moan out in surprise with my cock still in your mouth. 

Your hand quickly leaves my cock. 

Feeling you relax I let the second blow reign down on the opposite cheek. 

This time you lower your head, letting out a low groan as my cock falls free. 

"Please, don't spank me. I promise to be a good girl now."

With that you suck my cock back inside of your mouth and once again work up and down on my cock with gusto. 

I moan out as your mouth feels like velvet on my hard tool. I feel my cock expand and I know if I don't get it under control I am gonna be cumming way sooner than I want to, so I pull back from you. 

You eagerly lean forward trying to keep my cock in your mouth. 

" We don't want all the fun and festivities to end too soon now, do we my dear? What I want you to do now is lie in the middle of the bed and stretch your arms out.”

I can see a puzzled look on your face but you move and lie on your back as I had instructed you. 

Quietly I walk around the bed to your left side, take your hand into mine, hold it and squeeze it gently. Silently I wrap the soft cuff around your wrist and snug it down with the Velcro strap. 

Deftly I move to the other side of the bed and strap down your right wrist. 

"Now try and see if you can work free." I say to you while standing at the foot of the bed. 

I watch patiently. At first you pull lightly against the restraints then you tug harder since you cannot pull yourself free.

"The inside is lined with silk so it won't rub the skin on your wrist or cause you any discomfort." I whispered reassuringly.



Slowly I crawl up onto the bed in between your legs, feeling the bed shift under my weight. I easily spread your legs open wide finding your pussy is still wet as I run my fingers up and down your slit. 

I kiss my way up your stomach until I get to your breasts where I kiss and suck and nibble all around your globes. Working my way inward to each nipple I push both breasts together and lick the juices from my fingers as they are close to each other. 

I feel you move beneath me, my hard cock is resting on your wet sex, the curls of your bush are tickling at my sensitive head. 

"I bet you wish you could reach down and take my cock in your hand and guide it inside of you right now, don't you? Instead I have it in my hands and can tease you with it first."

I hold my cock and rub it up and down your slick lips teasing you by just slightly dipping it inside then pulling it back and rubbing it up against your clit. 

You raise your hips up, trying to get me to sink itmy cock inside that sweet pussy by putting your feet down flat and pushing your hips up. 

"Tell me something baby. Tell me how bad you want to feel me inside of you."

"Oh please baby, stop teasing me and give me what you want, give me that hard cock in my wet pussy and fuck me hard with it. Give it to me now!"

Just as you beg for it I slowly push in, sliding inch by inch ever so slowly. 

You shake your head side to side and moan as you get what you are wanting so badly. When I get my full length inside of you I kiss and suck your neck then I pull back until just the tip is still inside of you before working it back and forth, using shallow, teasing strokes. 

With one great thrust I sink deep inside of you then move back, starting a deep steady in and out action. 

I feel your legs wrap around me, pulling me tighter and deeper into you. I hold my steady pace as I you start bucking your hips upward to meet each driving thrust. 

"Oh baby you are so hot and so wet. I can feel your tight muscles pulling at me, milking my cock. You keep up this hot action; there is no way I will last long before I fill your hot cunt with my seed."

You moan louder and try frantically to get me even deeper inside of you.

I raise up on my knees and massage your breasts while pistoning in and out. The sensation is getting to me now.I feel my cum beginning to boil in my balls, ready for release. Sitting up straight I hold your ankles and spread your legs wide, wide as you can open them and start driving my cock into you deeper and faster as our bodies crash together.

Your cries of passion are reaching a fevered pitch now and my own body is ready for its release. 

No longer able to hold back I give one last thrust and feel you lock your legs around me as my cum fires from deep inside. 

Your pussy spasms around my throbbing cock, milking it of its full load. 

Spent I collapse down on top of you with my head resting between your breasts as my cock slowly withdraws from your love canal.

I manage to reach up undoing your restraints and blindfold. Moving around on the bed I lay on my back and you lay on your side and cuddle up with your head on my chest.

"That was wonderful baby, thank you for going along with my idea." I whispered. "Thank you for taking the time to explore some of our fantasies, it means a lot to me."

As the candles burn down we spooned, holding on tightly to each other as the radio played softly in the background.

I would like to say thanks to BlueEyed5ftAngel for the help in editing!