 My fiancé and I write each other stories back and forth to try to close the distance the Navy has created for us. My stories usually were factual with a bit of both of our fantasies. The last one I wrote him as of us in the shower... which inspired him to write me a story about us going to the gym to work out together, except that I went with the intention to work out his dick. So in his story we finally go to the locker rooms and take a shower together and have some crazy god sex. At the end, we get caught by the gym supervisor, a brunette female with big tits and a voluptuous body. I like where it was going, so I asked him to write part two. 

I sat in my bed pondering his story. It was unreal... so... unlike him. I couldn’t believe the way he had written it. He portrayed himself as a sex fiend, demanding that the gym supervisor suck his dick and fondle me. It was so erotic and it dumbfounded me at the same time. I wanted to capture his zeal in reality, though. I wanted to see him as he was in the story: uninhibited, excited, forceful, aggressive. 

Josh was due home in about three weeks. Plenty of time to build up some sexual frustration and acquire all of the necessary tools to bring his sexual fiend out in the open. I started blueprinting in my mind what the weekend would encompass and how I would bring out his frenzy.

I went to a local goodwill store as a start. I new I could get the whole schoolgirl outfit at a porn shop but I was on a budget and I wanted it to look more authentic and not staged. I found a perfect red, black, white, and grey pleated plaid skirt. It would come to mid thigh, so that Josh would almost see my shaved pussy. The thought thrilled me and sent a flash of heat to my pussy. I wandered around some more until I found a white 3/4 length sleeve that buttoned down the front. I smiled, imagining what I would look like in such a get-up. I had never dressed up like this for anyone, and I was excited and nervous about it at the same time. I purchased the two items and headed to Wal Mart.

I knew I could find some white knee high stocking and that I did. Then I found a white lacy demi cup bra and matching thongs. I also bought some lacy bikini cut panties, not sure if I wanted to play innocent schoolgirl or seductive temptress. I finished the get up with some black sandals with a two inch heel. Perfect.

I went back to my friend’s house and waited until no one was home to try it all on. I was giggling and smiling as I got dressed, imagining the look on Josh’s face and what he would do to me. The anticipation was going to kill me, and I still had two weeks!

I looked myself up and down in the mirror. The skirt hung off my ass with invitation, and I tied the ends of the blouse so that my stomach was revealed. I didn’t fasten any buttons and positioned the shirt so that it seemed the shirt was my bra. You could see just the outside of the bra, and I knew Josh would go crazy. I think his favorite part of my body was my chest, and they looked absolutely delicious. The stocking helped to lengthen my short legs, and I thought the shoes gave it the complete look of innocence. I felt the excitement grow within me and a little wetness slide into my panties. I contemplated the idea of masturbating right then, but I wanted to be on fire for him when he came home. 

I got undressed and packed the clothes away. The guys came in a little while later and I couldn’t help but giggle when I thought about the looks on their faces had they come home a few hours earlier. Now the stage was set, and I would just have to wait.

The two weeks rolled by so slowly, and I felt like I would never get laid again. It had been nearly two months and to me that was an eternity. I had masturbated only twice in two weeks and the last time five days before he was expected. I packed my bags for a weekend at the hotel, making sure to hide my costume so as not to spoil the surprise. 

I had a friend take me to pick him up and take up to the hotel. I tried to hide my excitement with joy that he was finally back. He had gone out on cruise but was being separated out of the Navy for medical reasons, which was great for us. He hated being in while I still liked it and it meant we’d live together.

Once we were in the room I attacked him on the bed and we started wrestling and making out back and forth. We would giggle like idiots and just gaze at each other. It was still early but I was eager to get started. 

We unpacked a little bit, toiletries mostly and my blanket. I hated hotel blankets and always brought my own. 

“Wanna take a shower, baby?” I asked him. It was definitely one of our favorite pastimes. 

“Sure, babygirl,” he responded with a smile.

We headed to the bathroom and undressed, turning on the water so it would be nice and hot. As he dropped his boxers and jeans to the floor it was quite evident he was already aroused. His dick was half hard, growing as I stared. God, his cock was beautiful. I fought back the urge to suck him down my troat that instant, reminding myself I wanted to tap his excitement later. We stepped into the shower and I did my best to “act casual.” I titled my head back into the hot water and gasped when I felt his hot mouth on my nipple. “Ohhh....” I moaned mindlessly, struggling to remind myself why I wasn’t bent over for him right then. I stood up, pulling my nipple out of his mouth. He looked at me with the most adorable pouty face. I stepped forward to him and wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him down to me. I kissed him softly, slowly, savoring the taste of his big, full lips. I sucked his lower lip into my mouth gently and let my teeth graze it as I let his lip slide from me. He grasped me tighter, making my smile as I felt his dick jump at my stomach.

I pulled back and grabbed the shampoo. “I gotta wash my hair, ya know,” I told him. He scoffed and handed him the shampoo after I put some in my hand. We stood there washing our hair, staring at our favorite body parts and I closed my eyes. I wouldn’t be able to hold out a whole lot longer, there was just no way. 

I felt his hands grab my boobs and start massaging them gently. “Josshhhh...” I managed, focusing on not collapsing. I wanted to collapse to my knees and take him in my mouth but I waited still, knowing it would be worth it.

I turned around and washed out my hair, my back to him. He came up behind me and wrapped me in his arms. It felt so right, so perfect. He puled my nipples out and twisted them in his fingers. “Got to wash hair,” I though to myself, and I turned around to grab the conditioner. He grabbed me to him and kissed me passionately. I could feel myself melting and I wanted to give in so badly. This was insane. I had never resisted with him, I always gave in to my every desire as I knew that he would fulfill them. 


I pulled back and he gave me a look of hurt. “Trust me, baby, I’ll make this worth your while,” I told him, sealing my promise with a kiss. He smiled down at me, knowing that I would come through.

He let up a little bit and we just kissed and brushed each other sensually to kick up the anticipation. We finished up our shower with suggestive glances and seriously curious minds. He wanted to know what I was up to, I wanted to know what he would think and do about it.

I brushed my hair in front of the mirror and combed it into two sections. I parted it all the way down the middle of my head and started to braid them. My hair is a light brown and barely went past my shoulders, and I felt that the braids made me look a little but younger. He smiled when he saw what I had done. I had done it before and so I knew he didn’t think much of it. 

“Hey baby, go downstairs and get us some snacks, please?” I asked him. 

“Sure, what do you want?”

“Ammm... how about some Reese’s?”

“Yea! That sounds good! I’ll be right back, baby.”

“I’ll be right here...” I told him. As soon as he was out of the room I went to put on the costume, arranging it so it flattered my body best. Just as I was pulling up the stockings the door opened. I was still bent over, a mile of cleavage in his view. He stood there, half a smile on his face as he walked forward. “Yes!!!” I thought, knowing already that my plan would work flawlessly. I stood up very slowly, keeping my right foot in front of my left. I moved my hands behind my back and titled my head downwards as I kept him in my sight.

“Jinger told me that I was here to... to be yours. That I had to do whatever you say,” I told him. He caught on quickly.

“Oh she did? What’s your name?”

“Roxanne.”

“Roxanne... I like that. Do you want to do whatever I say?” he asked. I knew he was testing the grounds, seeing where this would go and where I intended it to.

“I...” I started, feeling a blush come into my cheeks. I was really getting into it, thinking myself as Roxanne and not Jinger. 

“You what?” he asked softly, encouraging me.

“I want you to .... to not hold back. I want you to give into your every whim.... I want...” I looked away, feigning embarrassment at the situation. “I want you to turn me into your sex slave,” I finished in a near whisper.

He smiled at me tentatively and walked towards me. “Is that really what you want?” he asked.

“Tonight... it doesn’t matter what I want. What I want is for you to please yourself by telling me exactly what you want. Now, Josh, what do you want?”

He looked at me, judging my sincerity. I eyed him up and down, staring at the bulge in his pants. “What are you wearing under that skirt?” he asked, staring at my crotch. 

“Wouldn’t you rather find out for yourself?” I responded, encouraging him. We were both really into it now. We weren’t Josh and Jinger anymore, we were Josh and Roxanne, a girl for his sexual pleasure only. “Come find out, Josh.”

He finally stepped towards me, looking me in the eyes with raw passion. He dropped to his knees and kissed the upper part of my thigh and kissed his way inward. “Spread your legs, Roxanne,” he said, drawing out my new name. I did so and I felt his kiss his way to my panties. He reached his hand around the back of my thigh and up around my bare ass. I had opted for the thongs. I could feel is hot breath on my pussy and I wanted so badly to put my leg on a chair and tell him so lick me clean, but this was his night.

He stepped back suddenly, leaving me with a pleading look on my face. “Now, I know what’s under there,” he said to me in a whisper, leaning into my ear. “Get on your knees.”

I dropped to my knees without thinking. It was pretty important I give him absolute compliance. It was against everything both of us had ever known - I hated to obey and he didn’t like to command. It was the very thing that made this so erotic.

“Take off my pants and suck my dick,” he said forcefully. I looked up at him with excitement. Hearing him talk to me like that made me want to resist and give in at the same time. Mindlessly, I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and pulled them down. Is started sucking on his dick like a cheap whore trying to finish the job quickly so she could get paid. I took about five of his seven inches into my mouth and sucked on him vigorously. I put my right hand on his base and started twisting it in rhythm with my sucking. I swished my tongue back and forth on his staff and cupped his balls with my left hand. He put his hand on the back of my head, encouraging me. 

“Yeah... suck my cock!”

I moaned involuntarily and started sucking faster. So often I had fantasized of him talking to me that way but I never thought I would ever have it happen. He started fucking my face and he groaned in pleasure. I started sucking on his head like a pacifier, knowing it would send him over the edge. 

“Ahhhh!!!!” he moaned as his load shot to the ack of my throat. I was hot and salty and I struggled to swallow it as fast as it came. “Swallow it!” he told me. I swallowed his come and stood up. He looked at me with hunger in his eyes. His dick had gone down some, but I could swear he was getting hard already.

He tore open the blouse I was wearing and stared at my chest a second before he pulled the cup of my bra to the side and took my nipple into his mouth. He stopped a second to step out of his pants and pulled his shirt off. He was completely naked and I was half dressed. He started devouring my tits again, making my back arch and moans escape me.

“Take off your bra,” he commanded. I did so quickly, my boobs bouncing from its clutches freely. He grabbed them both and pushed them together and stuck his face in my chest. “Oh! I want you so bad...” I told him. “It doesn’t matter what you want,” he told me, a defeating smile crossing his face.

“Turn around and bend over the bed.” I did so. Sticking my ass out at him. I heard im drop to his knees and his hands slide up my legs from my calves. He reached for the waistband of my thongs and pulled them down slowly. I stepped out of them and he threw them across the room. “Spread your legs further,” he told me. I spread them and did my best to stick my pussy in his face, encouraging him to lick me from behind.

He took the hint. He stuck his face into my pussy and blew on it. I was soaked and his breath gave me chills. I moaned to him, hoping that he wouldn’t stop. He stood up and slid his hand down my asscrack and into my pussy. He slid a finger into me and I backed up into it.

“You like that? You like my finger in your pussy?”

“Oh, yes... please don’t stop it feels so good!”

He stopped. I whimpered, pleading with him. I felt him grab my hip with his left hand and guided himself into me. Once the head was in he pushed himself into me with one stroke. I cried out from a mixture of pain and pleasure. He started fucking my pussy hard, his balls slapping against my pussy. “Ohhh!! God, yes! Harder!”

He started thrusting faster and harder, beating my pussy with his cock. He hit all the way to my cervix, almost hurting me. I felt the head of his dick escape my lips only to thrust all the way back in.

“Touch yourself, Roxanne. I want you to come all over my dick.”

I braced myself with my left hand and put my right hand to my clit. I rubbed his dick a little bit, taking some of my wetness and spreading it to my clit. “Oh...” I moaned. His thrusts slowed, but were still intense. I started drawing circles over my clit, keeping it wet with our juices. I knew it wouldn’t take me long. He grabbed my tits into his hand and squeezed them. That was all it took. 

I felt my pussy squeeze his cock into me, waves of raw pleasure rocking my body. “Ohhh!!! God!” I moaned, and then screamed out. I dropped my hand from my clit and he grabbed my hips and thrust himself into me hard. I felt my come dripping down my leg. He grunted at me as if he were an animal and pumped his meat into my pussy. I was so sensitive to him now and he knew it. He alternated, going slow and then fast again. 

“Don’t hold back, fuck me!” I screamed at him. Forget anything I had intended. I wanted him to fuck my brains out.

“Get on the bed and lie on your back.” I crawled up onto the bed and turned over. With one sweep of his hands he tore off the skirt. With my stockings and shoes still on he pounded his cock into me. “Grab your knees!” I grabbed my knees and pulled them to my chest, putting my pussy into the air. “Ohn...” me moaned to me without thinking. He started thrusting at me faster and I gripped his dick inside me. He went even faster now, sweat beading down his brow and dripping onto me. He was close, so close. I wanted him to explode like he did to me. I pushed out, making my pussy even tighter on his dick, forcing it out of me even as he pushed in. 

“Ahhhhg!” he screamed at me as he thrust into me as deep as he could go. He pushed himself into me three more times and I felt our juices slide down the crack of my ass. 

“It’s okay, relax...” I told him. He collapsed on top of me, our sweaty bodies sliding over each other. We lay panting, lost in the passion and love that surrounded us. I slowed my breathing and he calmed down as well, finally laying contentedly on top of me.

“So, am I laying on top of Roxanne or Jinger?” he asked me.

“Roxanne doesn’t love you, she just likes to fuck. She left already.”

He smiled at me and kissed me gently, such a huge turnaround from the horny man I had just fucked. 

“Wanna take a real shower now?” I asked, hinting my intentions.

“I’m always up for seconds,” he responded as he walked off into the bathroom.