 She sat at the bar sipping a cool glass of red wine. Flavors of mocha, raspberry and vanilla slide down her throat and mix with the aftertaste of the earlier afternoon's weed. "Delectable" she thinks.

Deep contemplation furrows her brow and the bartender glances a smile her way. Her hair falls in waves to her shoulders, blue gray eyes peek from under dark lashes to glance at her cellphone. Again. It buzzes incessantly at her and she scowls at it. Then she rubs her index finger across the screen and looks at what she knows is a private message from him. And there it is. She picks up the wine glass and smiles through the rim she sips from. She absentmindedly runs her tongue across the top to catch a runaway drop of red decadence.

She looks back down at the message and an involuntary shudder runs down her spine. What a demon he is and the perfect match to her sinful nature. Using her fingers she taps "Reply" and starts typing in a response, her finger lingers on "Send" as she thinks to herself and then taps the button. She groans and orders another glass of wine. The bartender starts to make conversation and she politely declines the attempt and wanders back into a world made in her mind. The one that she has to stay away from, the one that holds the darkness.

There are shadows in the darkness, but not forbidding ones; sensual ones that caress the body like the finest silk and can delve into places most intimate. But the darkness holds secrets and the secrets create an atmosphere of evil; of exquisite pain. The darkness needs to stay in the confines of that world but she is pushing boundaries today, the dark one. It feels like it is time again to let her slip through, as if she could be stopped. The feeling comes slowly as with the intoxication of the wine. A few sips, an entire glass, the warmth of alcohol slowly crawls to her cheeks and tingles her senses. Just a little bit wouldn't hurt, just wisps of the darkness. Unseen smoky tendrils began reaching out from her body, and fade away as she smiles to herself.

Her phone vibrates again and she again furrows her brow and swipes the screen. "Oh my, he's on a roll tonight." she thinks. She swirls the connotation of his message in her head, letting it seep in. Letting the darkness grasp it. "I want you." is all the message says, but it means so much more. Weeks of relentless teasing, cybersex, heart to hearts, the occasional voice chat and just getting to know each other are evolving. Her darkness likes it. She absentmindedly scrolls back through the thread of messages to find the one that steals her breath away. Yes, that one. Words of sexual desire that reach into to her soul and rip it from its foundation. And the darkness takes its place, with joy. The darkness wants to play.

The wooden bar buzzes loudly from the next vibration and she picks the phone up. "Probably should just not even look. I mean, I can feel my dark side. That would be trouble." She places the phone down. But the darkness picks it back up and smiles. So she swipes the screen and glances down. Red hot lava fills her cheeks and she glances around. The darkness is grinning now.

They have only known each other online but he is very tempting and the enticement of the carnal is ceaseless. The darkness reaches in again to grasp the phone. And types in words that she doesn't understand until they are gone. The words are there now, and can't be taken back. The darkness is blissful.

"Thinking about you, here at the bar, on 7th and 56th. Come find me." the screen reads.

"Well shit. Can't undo that." she thinks. "Should I sit here and wait or should I bolt?" A new glass of wine is pushed her way as the bartender extends another on the house. She smiles and looks at him. He's not so bad. Rugged in a real bad boy way with a tan body and tattoos peeking out from under his clothes, muscular and short buzzed hair. But still, not her type. Not today.

"And if he wants to treat me to my favorite glass, then why not accept? I mean it's not like I have asked for attention. I definitely did not do that. I detest attention. But the wine is wonderful."

The darkness grabs her hair and yanks. Hard. It really wants to take over. But she is holding tightly to the last wisps. Not letting them go. The darkness wants him for her own. And maybe she should have him. She could devour him.

The phone vibrates in her hands startling her. "I'm on my way." it reads.

"Oh, wow. Did I really just do this? Could I go there?" she wonders. "Hell yes you did, and hell yes you can!" the darkness answers. It's sneaking up on her now, taking her from behind to allow itself entrance. The wine is calling and she sips it. A different kind he gave her and new flavors of caramel, smoke, and berries slide down her throat and the bitter tannin's aftertaste challenge her tongue. Divine.

The phone buzzes again. This time another admirer. She swipes it shut. The thought of anyone else but him right now consumes her. She reaches for her glass and finds it empty. Her darkness barks out an order. Tequila shot. Of course. Since he is coming. She takes it and throws it back. The fragrance assaults her senses and she smiles as it burns its way down. The bartender seems amused now. She wonders if he will watch their interaction. Will he enjoy it. She smiles at him.

As if he knows, he pushes another towards her. She smiles. Ah, liquid courage. The darkness laughs. "It's not courage you need, it's me." she states unequivocally. "Go back and read."

She grabs the phone again and swipes the screen. The message still glaring at her from the green backlit screen. "I'm on my way." She scrolls back for a while and finds what the darkness wants. Several dark passages, evidence of sexual prowess beyond his years. Evidence of a dark side. And one that wants to experience her. The darkness claps with anticipation.

The phone vibrates and self scrolls in super speed to the new message. "I'm here. Looking for you."

She glances at the door as it opens with purpose. Light spilling in behind him creates a silhouette she can't quite make out. Is it him? The doors inch closed and her eyes adjust. Oh my, yes it is. The darkness smiles evilly and reaches to the bar grabbing the shot glass. "Here ya go hon. Just one more. For me." The liquid courage burns its way down like molten fire and she looks at him striding over to the bar.

He sits down beside her and smiles. "Hello. Finally." He's much younger than she is and handsome and the bartender sneaks a guilty glance.

The darkness takes over, she is lost to it now, enveloped, and his only salvation is acceptance. Which she knows he will give. She smiles back. "Hi."

He orders two more shots and looks at her appreciatively. "Didn't think this was really ever going to happen. But I'm glad it did finally."

She looks at him and thinks to herself "It wasn't supposed to." The thought furrows her brow and he reaches over to smooth it out with his thumb. He tilts her head up by her chin and looks in her eyes. Fuck. Yes. In the eyes. The darkness stares back in approval. This is going well.

"I want to kiss you so fucking bad right now." he states, holding her chin tighter and bringing her face closer. The bar disappears. No one is there but him and the darkness. And the shadows slithering their way up her spine as he leans closer and takes her mouth, slightly reverent and then with intense force. He parts her lips and strokes her tongue with his. Lazily, playfully. And before it's hardly begun, it's ended. The darkness growls her disapproval as he leans back and smiles. "That was so worth it."

"Really? Fantasy didn't overwhelm reality?" she asks.

"Not in the slightest." he answers. The darkness giggles with glee.

They sit and talk and laugh for an hour until the darkness is no longer amused. She is eager. The liquid courage and her dark instincts begin to take over and she leans in to him. Glancing up through her lashes, teasing. He takes the bait and grasps her behind the neck roughly to pull her into his mouth and he explores deeply. She moans into his mouth bringing a smirk to his lips. Ah, he think he has me. The darkness smirks too and kisses him deeper her tongue searching out forbidden places and exquisite tastes.

He throws cash on the bar and grabs her hand, pulling her smoothly from the bar stool and leading her towards the door. He opens the door and smiles down at her. He leads her to a car in the back of the lot and pushes her against it taking her mouth with his, not waiting on her to answer. One hand fists in her hair while the other strokes down the side of her body as she reaches for him, stroking his face and wrapping her arms around him. The deepness of the kiss and sensuality of her reply makes him growl and she shivers. He breaks off quickly and harshly. "Fuck." He shakes his head at her while he strokes her cheek with his knuckles. "You're coming with me. Now." The darkness rejoices.

He swiftly ushers her into the car and starts the engine. She leans back into the seat and smiles. Yes. The radio bursts on with loud pulsating music, teasing her senses and now throbbing core. He gets on the road, speeding to a destination she doesn't know. No one says a word. The darkness doesn't care, she is exhilarated. He places his hand on her thigh rubbing circles with his thumb. He doesn't want her to lose focus. He knows the darkness is there. He saw it when he looked into her eyes. And it saw him. His hand slides up and he glances at her. She smiles. He massages just under where she wants him, finding a panty line, making her whimper softly.

The darkness reaches over to him and rubs his crotch. Just checking. Yep, it's there. He grabs her hand and presses it harder into himself. Using her hand to rub himself. His eyes roll back momentarily in anticipation. The destination arrives. His eyes shoot to concentration as he whips into the drive and puts the car in park. Without warning he grabs her head with one hand to kiss her and a breast with the other, and squeezes unforgivingly. She moans into his mouth. He smiles. Yes, that is what he wants. The darkness smiles. He abruptly stops and gets out of the car. She reclines back lazily on the seat and waits until he opens her door and presents a hand to help her ease out.

He pulls her close and nibbles on her neck teasingly, grabs her hand and takes her inside. The darkness is burgeoning. She quivers with excitement as she thanks her host for giving in to her. She promises to make it memorable.

As soon as they enter, he pushes her into a solid wall and cages her in with both arms. She molds herself against the wall and looks up at him with daring. He forces her head to him and presses her harder into the wall as he kisses her and explores her body with his hands. Her hands answer as she does the same.

He finds the buttons on her pants and undoes them. Then reaches under her flowy shirt to seek out her breasts. He gets her bra out of the way quickly so he can tweak her nipples as he anticipates the taste of them.

She unbuckles his belt, then unbuttons his pants and reaches inside to rub and squeeze his cock. It strains against the fabric begging to be released. So she pushes down on the waistline and pushes his pants down and underwear. The darkness squeals out her joy. She grabs him. She releases his lips. He rumbles in disapproval until her lips begin a trail down. Sucking, licking and nipping until they find their target. He grabs her head and starts to pull it back up and she shakes her head.

She wraps her lips around his tip and slowly tongues her way around. She sucks lightly until he groans, spurring her on and she pushes her mouth all the way down taking him all in and tasting him as she does. She continues to milk him with her mouth until her grabs her head and stills it. "Not yet." he growls. He grabs her arm and leads her to the couch. He motions for her to sit down and walks away to the kitchen where he grabs a bottle of red wine and opens it up. "I know this is what you really prefer to drink. And the darkness likes tequila. And I want you both." He pours a single glass and brings it over to where she sits.

He starts to hand her the glass then pulls it back and sips from it. Then he takes her head and bends it back ever so slowly and places his lips on hers. She opens her mouth as the dark rich liquid trickles past her lips and down her throat. Her eyes close in ecstasy and he smirks. This makes the darkness happy. She finishes the glass while he slowly seduces her with kisses and nibbles and bites in all the right places.

Finally, neither one can hold back any longer and clothes begin to scatter the floor. He dips his head between her legs and breathes deeply. Then begins to lick her and suck her. His tongue dips in to taste her and she moans her appreciation loudly. She grabs his head to encourage and direct and his assault becomes more intense until she feels close and tries to stop him. He grabs her wrists in one hand and restrains them and tells her "you will come in my mouth princess." He sucks harder and works his tongue expertly until he feels her tense and hears her gasp and then moan out a loud release. He releases her wrists and finishes her as she comes apart in his mouth.

With sheer satisfaction and pride he makes his way back up to her and kisses her deeply. She can taste herself on him, the smell of sex is intoxicating. He reaches between her legs to find her wet again and rubs her clit until it is a hard pebble in his hand. They moan together now. The darkness is having her way. She rolls to her stomach, and wriggles her bottom in the air. He comes around her now and reaches for her. He grabs himself and slowly teases her entrance with it until she snarls her displeasure. He chuckles for an instant and plunges himself deep. She screams with satisfaction and begs for more.

He grabs her hips and slides himself in again slowly, admiring himself entering her. He begins to stroke a carnal rhythm that she answers. Her insides squeezing and pulsating around him. He pounds harder and grabs her hair pulling her head back. Then he pounds faster. She screams out. The darkness wants to explode. He wants to explode. Until they do, together. Her orgasm wraps him in pulsating throbbing release and he dissolves in its ecstasy until he is spent. He kisses her again and rolls to his back glistening with sweat and smiling his satisfaction.

She rolls to her side to face him. And the darkness smiles. "Hello."

"Hello." he answers.