 Author's note: I had a special request from a guy who wanted to know if I had any good oral stories to tell, so I figured it would be nice to write about one of them. Feel free to write me if you've got requests. If I've had the experience then I will write about it; if I haven't, I could always make something up. As usual, all of my stories are true unless stated otherwise...

I was twenty-two years old and it was the birthday of one of my best friends. She was a bit of a party girl, so she wanted to celebrate by going out to a club with her girls. I was never a huge fan of night clubs, but I knew that it was always and easy way to find a guy to hook up with if I was ever in the mood, and I was definitely in the mood on this night.

I had opted to wear a pair of jeans instead of a skirt, and I topped off my simple, casual ensemble with a tight tank top with spaghetti straps. Even though I have always had firm breasts, the advantage of having a small bust line, I chose to wear a bra so that my nipples wouldn't be too terribly prominent. We arrived at the club just as it was starting to get busy, heading straight for the bar to get a couple of drinks before hitting the dance floor. There were six of us in total, and we all finished our drinks and stepped out onto the floor as a group.

Needless to say, six hot young women dancing in a group was enough to get a lot of people's attention. Some guys tried to worm their way into our group to dance with us, but they were quickly shot down. We had been on the floor for nearly an hour before I spotted the guy that I knew I wanted.

Being a petite woman, I've always had a thing for guys that are taller than me and, even better, athletically built. This guy met that criteria and then some. As soon as our eyes met on the dance floor I felt my pussy get wet and I knew I had to have him. He made his way over to me and we danced a bit, rubbing our bodies up against each other. After a couple of songs he offered to buy me a drink so we moved off the floor and found a place to talk. After several minutes of trying to talk above the music, Brian (as I had found out his name was) suggested that we go somewhere a little quieter where we could talk.

"Do you have somewhere in mind?" I asked.

"How about my place?" he suggested. I smiled and agreed, then left him for a minute to tell my friends that I was leaving. I followed him outside and to his car, where we were able to keep talking on our way to his place. When we finally arrived at his apartment we sat down in the living room just inches away from each other on the couch. I leaned in and kissed him, feeling the dampness between my legs spread as our tongues explored each other's mouths. I ran my hands over his chest and then he stopped to take off his shirt. He stood up and then led me by the hand into his bedroom. We were lying next to each other on the bed as we continued our kissing. I undid his pants and then pushed them down just before he pulled my shirt off over my head. As he reached down to remove his socks I reached out and rubbed his cock through his underwear. I paused and took off my bra, followed by my jeans and socks. Brian pulled off his underwear next, leaving him naked and freeing his cock, which I estimated to be close to seven inches. As I started to stroke it, he leaned forward and began kissing and fondling my breasts. He pulled my thong down and off, leaving me naked as well, kissing my abdomen. I pushed his head down lower until he was between my legs, then I parted my thighs to give him access as he leaned in to lick my pussy.

"I haven't been with a girl in months," he said nonchalantly between licks and sucks. Even if he hadn't been with another woman in a while, he certainly wasn't rusty when it came to eating pussy.

"Then you're due for a one-night stand," I said, intentionally pointing out that this would be a one-time only occurrence. "Holy shit baby!" I cried a couple of minutes later. "You're making me cum!" Ever since the first time I masturbated as a teenager I've been able to orgasm quite easily. "You're getting me so wet! Eat my pussy baby!"

"I love your pussy!" he said.

"You're licking it so good!" I replied.

"You're such a sexy little thing!" he said. "Cum for me again, baby!" Within another minute or two I was cumming again, crying out loud. He pulled his face away from me and then moved up so that his cock was near my pussy. He reached down so that he could guide it into me, but I stopped him.

"Do you have a condom?" I asked.

"No," he said. "Is that okay?"

"You can't fuck me without a condom," I said, a rule I have only broken with two guys in my entire life.

"I'm clean, I swear."

"I don't care," I said, putting my hand on his stomach to keep him from trying to put his cock inside me.

"Can I at least fuck you for a minute? I won't cum inside you, I swear."

"Sorry," I said. "You'll just have to settle for a blowjob." I pushed him onto his back and then took his cock into my mouth.

"Your mouth is so amazing!" he said to me. "This is so fucking sexy!" I started taking him deeper and he responded by putting his hand on the back of my head and forcing me farther down. He seemed both surprised and turned on by my ability to take his entire cock without gagging and he began to fuck my mouth harder.

"You like that, don't you?" I asked as he let me up for air. "Keep fucking my face baby!"

"Oh god yes!" he moaned. "You look so good with my dick in your mouth!" He fucked my throat for another minute or two and then pulled out, rubbing his cock against my face.

"Are you going to cum soon?" I asked. "I want to swallow your hot load."

"Fuck yes," he said. "That feels fucking amazing! I've got so much cum to give you!" He stuffed his cock back in my mouth and the next thing I knew he was pulling me on top of him in a sixty-nine position. "I want to eat your pussy some more," he said. I lowered my hips down onto his face and he began licking me as I took back control of the blowjob I had been giving him.

"I want your cum so fucking bad," I said to him. "I love this hard cock!" I bobbed my head up and down, taking his cock all the way into the back of my throat as I rubbed his balls. A couple of minutes later he was shooting his load right into my mouth as I backed off enough to taste it. Feeling his cum fill my mouth was enough to set me off and I came again, crying out loud around his cock.

Five minutes later we were both dressed and he was driving me back to my place. I said goodbye to him, knowing that I would likely never see him again...