 In some way, our plan had worked the way we intended it. The whole crowd in the pool was just so busy giving in into carnal pleasures, they never saw us, the initiators of this sex feast, leave together. We headed for a nice and cozy sauna room. For good measure, we brought our towels along, put them right over our shoulders. I was starting to like showing my rod to everyone. I was getting baffled stares from the guys and flattering looks and giggles from female passersby. But little did they know that I didn't feel in control of that thing: I was actually on the edge of a huge orgasm and if they had provoked me any further, as I'm sure they would have like to, I wouldn't have lasted long enough for them. 

You walked ahead of me, sauntering again in that confident way of yours, swaying your hips and beckoning me with your ass. As we got further along the paths, you went further ahead, indicating to me to stay back a little bit. I remembered we agreed that you would go into the sauna first and come right out if you didn't deem it suitable for our little experiment.

You saw the same one as I did, the little cabin that was set back behind the shrubs, half built underground. The sign said it was a geothermal sauna, a sort of dry sauna that's considerably hotter than the average saunas that have a conventional heat source.

You peeked in and shot me a quick dirty glance before closing the door. I stood outside, all casual, whistling, waiting. I looked down at my shaft and examined it: I wondered how long had I been hard like this. Heck, I wondered when, of all my life, had I stayed hard for this long. I was seeing black dots in front of me; my brain definitely lacked blood to think rationally.

Since you couldn't go too far in this small cabin, I imagined a good 15 seconds was plenty of time for you to draw a verdict and take position to wait for me to come in.

I opened the door, let my eyes get accustomed to darkness, long enough to see there was in fact no one else. And there you were, indeed: I could discern you in a faint orange glow, coming from underneath the platforms. You were laid back against the wall and had your legs spread: you were propped up on an elbow, and you were rubbing your pussy with your available hand. Your eyes were half-closed and you licked your lips: you looked like you were having some good fun already. I froze on the spot, dumb-founded, and I swore I felt my cock shoot up a glob of pre-cum. I whimpered in pain, feeling as though my cock was about to burst. It was sheer torture knowing that I had to go according to the plan and take a seat all the way across the room, not being able to touch you.

I turned around and crawled up the platforms in the cabin. I sat down on my towel in a dark corner, wondering if you could even see me. I leaned back against the wall and proceeded with watching you naked while I jerked off. My palms were already sweaty and I instantly felt that the blood in my hand was boiling. It made it feel as if I was inside you, inside your cunt. I was on the edge of orgasm, so I just made it last longer by just grazing my member, waiting for somebody to come in and join the fun.

We lost track of time. The heat and humidty in here made us almost doze off, but the horniness kept us going. It was a complete, muffled silence that replenished our energy and relaxed our brains and muscles, though we were hypnotizing ourselves with the masturbation, filling ourselves with libido and lust, primal desires of sex that made us reconnect to a distant animal nature, opening up shakras towards a pinnacle of pleasure, or whatever. I felt drunk, and I probably was, seeing the way my train of thought went.

I tickled my corona just to bring myself to the edge, then let go. I gasped every time, feeling the hairs of my neck stand up... Shit, I could do this all day, it was incredible. When I didn't squeeze it to then go up and down, I would make tiny circles with my index at this junction spot underneath my cock, where it was most sensitive, bringing me closer to orgasm.

I was watching how you were using the same care as I did while you stroked your pussy. You were going slow, and quiet, biding your time, messing with your clit, and you would alternate by inserting two fingers in yourself, making your body rock back and forth slowly and your tits follow suit. I would watch you lick your lips with a smack, building up a major thirst inside of you. Your eyebrows were bouncing up and down on your forehead, depending which part of your body you were soliciting. All I could hear in the room was your scattered breathing and the wet sounds of your fingers going in and out of you. In and out, caressing your hot slit. Further in, then out again, while waiting for someone. You were the bait. We were being proactive, doing two things at once. My God, were you a sight to behold!

The door creaked suddenly, pulling us from our reverie with a blast of sunlight. Blinded by it, we squinted, trying to make out who was there. Most likely, they could see what we were doing (and that, we didn't stop) but we could only tell there was one person, a man, standing there. While he was getting his eyes used to darkness, we had to let our own eyes get back too. In time, we saw that he was naked, and already sporting a solid erection. I wondered what he was up to...

He saw that you were quite busy with yourself, so he must have taken it as an invitation and sat next to you. It was still fairly dark in here and I wasn't able to discern his features, other than a decent large cock standing shamelessly straight up. He was grinning from ear to ear and with reason: you were giving quite the show. He didn't say anything and locked his eyes on you. I even wondered if he knew I was here, back in the dark corner.

You returned his smile, but with difficulty since you were going through a very laborious process. In a split second, you shot me a look and seized his engorged erection. You wanted that toy in your hand while you kept pleasuring yourself. He replied by cupping your boobs hungrily, tweaking your nipples. As if you weren't on fire already, you instantly felt a new-found thrill that made your heart race. 

I was dumbfounded. I was watching you fool around with another man, yet I was stuck to my seat, seemingly not wanting to react. Instead, I just kept rubbing my shaft absent-mindedly. My leg started shaking nervously. This happens to me every time we try something new together, or every time you get close to me, wearing something unbelievably sexy; like that time you took off your bra from underneath your shirt as we got off the ferry. I would just feel this extreme excitement, this jubilation when I feel that a fantasy of mine comes to life. I was feeling just like that night I snuck out of my bedroom when I was young to go watch dirty movies with static on my T.V. So I realized, watching you getting groped by this guy while you stroked his cock was turning me on beyond belief.

Your wet pussy was ready for action: it was glistening in the dim light of the room. Without any power to hold yourself anymore, you stood up suddenly and presented your naked body to the stranger, only to go back next to him just as quick, but in a kneeling position, so you were now offering him your hot crotch. You were purring like a cat tripping on catnip. Our stranger friend wasn't grinning so much anymore. He must have been taken aback by your boldness, but still took on the challenge. He didn't even look my way before taking position, confirming that he definitely didn't suspect there was someone else in here, especially not your husband.

He began inspecting you, rubbing your back and kneading your ass, like a baker would, preparing your body for his. He slapped his turgid cock a few times against your ass, then aimed it for your opening. All the while, you were watching me above your shoulder, reassuring me, imploring me to watch and share your pleasure. Then he went in, and you closed your eyes under the assault. He started penetrating you slowly as he grunted, somewhat breaking the silence in the room. He thrusted his hardness in and out of you, consistently. He stretched you far and wide. I would see his length moving out of you for what seemed like forever, giving good clues on how it felt inside you. Then he pushed back in, making you moan openly. You were almost drooling on the bench. Your tits were swaying under you after each of his thrusts, hypnotizing me, fueling my masturbation. He kept going at it, alternating his pace, and I was here, wanking, starting to feel a little jealous, like I wanted a piece of the fun too.

Suddenly, the door creaked open again. An explosion of sunlight came in the room, but apparently not strong enough to distract the guy and stop him from fucking you. From what I could tell through squinted eyes, I was seeing a woman this time, with a silhouette to die for. She was naked, and meaty breasts were jutting up front, a juicy rear-end was bouncing out in the back, supported by thick and juicy thighs. I heard her say: 

'Oh...There you are!'

The guy turned around, grinned again, and just shrugged in response. He looked like he just got caught with his hands in the cookie jar. She must have been looking at you, because you gave her a little wave, laughing, seemingly too happy to even feel guilty, or to stop fucking with her boyfriend. Only then did I realize you must have seen her somewhere before... Then it clicked. The couple from the steam bath! I thought. She was the girl with the ginger hair that watched our steamy make-out session with boiling envy, while there was another couple having sex at the other end of the room.

Sure enough, she tapped her boyfriend's shoulder and headed in my direction. I wanted to look horny and have someone walk in on me while I was masturbating too, just like you did, so I kept going on my cock as she climbed up the platforms towards me. She bent over as she got closer to the ceiling and her big tits would just start dancing in the dark. I imagined her eyes were not accustomed yet to the darkness as she only acknowledged my presence when she felt me, when her hand landed on my thigh. She gasped a little and giggled, as she moved a little bit to my left.

'Oops, sorry!' she whispered.

She sat down quietly, and I was still stroking my member, but I was now watching her. I wanted to make sure she recognized us... So I waited. I felt that she was looking at you, getting fucked doggystyle by her boyfriend. Silence... Then, out of the dark, I heard her whisper: 

'Having fun?'

'You bet, I am. I'm watching your boyfriend fuck my wife.'

She laughed softly at my reply. She remained quiet for some time, holding back the questions that burned her lips, but still biding her time. The guy had turned his head, realizing that his girlfriend wasn't alone. He must have been intrigued by my presence, as he slowed down his pace. Though you were laughing, all too aware of the situation. You pushed your ass against his cock, reminding him that you were there too and incredibly horny. The sudden rise of volume in the conversation had made us drift off from our semi slumber, and you now felt like externalizing your pleasure out in the open.

'Please, keep fucking me...'

All this watching was now driving me towards madness more than anything else, and I needed to get my mind off my own pending, imminent orgasm for a bit. Just to give you a little show of my own, I breathed in, and started caressing my neighbor's thigh, hot and sweaty. Reflexively, she parted her knees invitingly, giving room for my hand to crawl further up her inner thigh. My long fingers took no time in finding her moist sex. It felt like she was enjoying the show as well. My whole body tensed up at the sensation of a new vagina and I groaned instantly as my shaft oozed out more pre-cum.

Reluctantly, I turned my back to you and I kneeled between her legs. Her sex was modestly trimmed and I could tell it was glistening, ready. I looked up and I saw her gaze between her tits, lustful and longing. I dove right in and started probing her cunt with my two fingers while I lapped away at her clit through her soft curly hairs. The sudden attack startled her as she threw her head back, moaning, and grabbed my hair to give me a pace. I pleasured her folds and indulgently drank her lubrification, which felt fresh and peppery on my tongue. Sure, she held my head back to slow down my mouth from stroking her swollen clitoris, but my fingers were going at it fervently, making her pussy squelch like the pulp of a fruit.

'Oh God, yes, just like that. Hnnggggg!!'

You were getting pretty vocal back there. The boyfriend was slapping against your ass, grunting a good deal, covered in sweat.

'I'm going to cum, mmmmmmh, keep going, keep going!'

'Yeah, baby, said the boyfriend. Look at that, honey. Do you like how I'm fucking that girl's pussy?'

The redhead didn't say anything and sort of looked away, maybe too busy with finding her own orgasm. Your yelps weren't constant anymore and they had now reached an unprecedented pitch. You squealed and I could hear your voice shaking. You were climaxing. I turned around, while I kept fingering my partner, and I saw your entire body shake. The guy had reached under you to tweak your hardened nipples. He stabilized you by grabbing your ass with his other hand. He started yelling inaudible words and his face took on a twisted grimace.

'Oh yeah, there we go!'

He pulled out, stroked his cock rapidly as it spewed out generous globs of jizz against the wall, and all over your back and ass. He laughed hysterically as he did so. You were still face down on your towel, trying to take cover from the rain of cum, still managing to regain your own senses. I was stupefied at how powerful that guy's orgasm looked.

The boyfriend got up, bug-eyed, and shook his head, obviously trying to regain composure. He stumbled, looking for balance, and spoke inaudibly again.

'Wow!' He yelled. 'I need some fresh air. Ahah! That was... incredible. Whew! Thanks!... Hey, I'll wait for you outside, honey.'

I thought he was a bit rude to just leave you like that. He reached out and patted his girlfriend's thigh, an inch away from my face... and he was out the door. And for a second there, it looked like she was shaking her head and trying to force out a smile in response. Was she embarrassed? One thing was sure, she frowned and adorned an imploring expression again. I resumed licking her clitoris and I could hear her moaning again. My fingers were clawing softly at the roof of her slick vagina, where it is said that the G spot could be. Maybe she was more sensitive to it.

I heard you walk over and kneel directly behind me, leaning your burning body against mine, your breasts pressing up against my back. This was the kind of contact that could launch my orgasm without even touching my cock. It was just so sexy, so stimulating. But I held back, like a champion. I breathed in and focused further on my task at hand, trying not to faint. I could feel your hot breath as you kissed down my neck and I knew you were watching me eat that girl's pussy, trusting that I would satisfy her the same way I satisfied you. She moaned and squealed, she bit her lip and rocked her pelvis against my face: she played along very well, knowing that she was having sex with your husband.

Now driven to end this before I went mad, I kissed your hand that held my shoulder and pulled myself higher up in front of the redhead so that my pelvis met hers. My sizzling, furious rod twitched and throbbed in the darkness, just asking to get in. She had opened her eyes when she felt my mouth leaving her, and she looked at us both, wondering What next? 

Out of respect for her, and not wanting to go beyond the bounds of consent, I studied her expression for a sign of what to do next. 

But you took the matters in hand, and aimed my aching erection for her cave, pushing my pelvis forward with your own. 

She sucked in her breath, arched her back and let out a big yelp. Her eyes shot wide open, taken aback by the assault, maybe also surprised at how different my cock felt inside of her. Still, she welcomed me and started following my rhythm as I went back and forth into her, thrusting faster on my way in. It felt so good, so mysterious and thrilling at the same time, and I fucked her more ardently. I felt like an athlete giving all I could to race those last crucial meters. I wanted to cum so bad I could scream and yet everything in me knew I had to keep going. I pushed all I could with all my length and came back out again just as quick, giving her perpetual friction, maximum ecstasy.

I reached out behind me and grabbed your ass, imposing you to push against me, making you take a part in pleasuring the redhead. I thrashed and grunted like the beast that you were trying to tame by kissing soothingly in the neck. I pushed in when you pushed me: we were fucking her together. Her magnificent breasts were bobbing around, splashing sweat on to me. Then, she squealed even higher and started flicking her clit in front of me. She squinted her eyes hard and her whole body curled up in a ball. And she climaxed and wailed, and wailed, yet the structure of the sauna was such that the sound was muffled in a perfectly controlled acoustic, resonating in our bodies like a tuning fork. My eyes burned and as I felt tears run down my face, I pulled out and my member landed on her pelvis. Then the whole cosmos rushed out of me in a deafening sound. I couldn't speak, or scream, and even if I could, or did, I couldn't have heard myself over the sound of this torrent of blood soaring in my ears. My cock started gushing jizz around like a loose hose. As you watched my orgasm, completely astounded, you were holding my hands behind my back.

'Pleeease, somebody, touch it! Jerk it, please!' I screamed.

The redhead obliged, grabbed my cock and coaxed out what was left at all in my balls. I was shaking and convulsing, my dick almost slipped out of her hand. My tremors lasted for god knows how long, then subsided as my body turned more and more limp. I crashed against the redhead, feeling her abdomen heaving. 

I was winding down, slowly, high on endorphins. I heard her chuckle:

'Whew! That was fun... hey, is anyone hungry?'