 Chapter 3

The Spa

Well, we sure steamed up the windows in the car, it almost got dangerous. You and your teasing fingerplay, you had your hands all over me, making sure you had your very own gear stick peeking out the legs of my shorts. Of course, I had to take care of the real one, not being really able to touch you as much, since I had to drive us to the spa safely.

We got out of the car in the parking lot and the sun was beaming through leaves of gold and burgundy. A pleasant choir of birds was channeling the energy of the surroundings . The whole area was hazy with smoke, and the warm and familiar aroma of burning birch and hickory was filling our nostrils. We held hands, fingers interlocked, and we hovered towards the front desk. 

'Are you checking in? asked the young lady at the counter.

'Yes, here's my confirmation number.' I said, handing her the e-mail I had printed.

As she looked us up on her computer, I leaned on the counter and looked around. A large bay window behind us was showing the site and I did a double take when I saw a group of naked people around the fireplace . From where I stood, it looked like one of the guys was getting a handjob from a woman next to him, while another woman simply watched, nodding, seemingly having a casual conversation with the group. 

'Thank you. Is it your first time here?'

'Yes.' we said simultaneously, grinning.

'Great! So welcome to Lotus Delight. Your pass gives you access to the site until closing time, which is 9 p.m. You can see on this map that all these stations offer robes and fresh towels if needed. As you may know, swimwear on the grounds is very optional (I'm sure she liked saying that), though the dining room has a dress code in effect for sanitary reasons. Even if interactions with other guests are encouraged, regardless of their nature, we ask to keep your voices down, to help us maintain a calm and soothing environment . Our massage attendants today have an approximate wait time of 45 minutes, so we ask that you properly book with us first so we can manage their time better. Any questions?'

We looked at each other, on the edge of the unknown, and wondered what could we possibly ask. You were blushing a good deal, it was cute. You shrugged and looked at the attendant:

'...No?'

She laughed at your embarrassment.

'Perfect. Here are your stamps for dinner tonight. Locker rooms are this way. If you need anything at all today, my name is Alicia. Have fun!'

After a short change of clothes, we met outside and gave ourselves a kiss before heading for the first bath. We both opted for a towel to wear, even if there were robes available. The view of your nude shoulders was already enough skin to send tingles down my shaft, which I had a hard time concealing from under my towel. 

You said you wanted to try out a dry sauna first, just to relax and get the feel of things. On our way there, it was hard not to notice the naked people around us. They say it's never polite to stare so we didn't really look and analyzed what they were doing. Also a lot of them had their back against us, sitting in large wooden chairs. Our eyes landed on a couple seating on a bench by the fire, where the woman was cuddling her man, while rubbing his dick against his belly. By the way they smiled at us, I didn't think they minded too much being stared at. A little awkward, but I sure wanted to get the same treatment from you at that moment. Your tits, which were just at a tug away, made a decadent cleavage from under your tight towel, and surprisingly, you were swaying your hips confidently amid the crowd, beckoning me with your ass. Babe, I'd follow those buns through storms and deserts .

And so we walked into the first sauna . The atmosphere was transcendant: dimmed lighting, new age soundtrack and the heat source was throwing morphing shapes on the walls. There were only three people in here, as I expected. I figured that sort of place was meant for more active mingling than just the peace and quiet you get in the saunas.

We took a seat in the farthest corner of the room. You leaned against me in such a way that you could face the other people, in hopes to get some action. There was a couple in their 40's and another single guy by himself, all covered up. The man was rubbing his wife's shoulders calmly, making wide and slow circles, taking care to go past her collarbones and fiddle with the hem of her towel. The younger guy watched intently, rubbing his chin, also fiddling with the hem of his towel. It looked like their little game had been building up for some time since you could see a bulge distending the towel of the young man. He felt encouraged to stare from the frequent looks the husband gave him. We almost felt unnoticed, and whatever would happen was going to be a game between them three. You closed your eyes, grabbed my arm and hugged it against your chest, happy. We were biding our time. I just let myself drift off, trying to distinguish your body heat from the ambient warmth.

We eventually walked out after we decided we sweat enough for the moment. The woman in there had pulled down her towel, giving a clear view of her breasts to her observer, and all the latter did was to move in closer to them, fidget in his seat, clearly uncomfortable with his boner. We held off the idea of an ice bath for now, and headed over to a steam sauna instead. Again, the atmosphere was heavy with heat, almost incapacitating. A faint green neon light was setting an eerie glow in the dense fog, which made it a little more stimulating than in the dry sauna. 

We seated not too far from two ladies and another young couple that were still within viewing range. Then I noticed there must be other people across the opaque fog, since I heard harsh breathing and wet slapping sounds.

'They must be fucking.' You whispered in my ear.

'Geez, you think?' I snorted back.

The couple seemed like they could get a better look at whoever made those sounds, since they were staring in that direction. They were whispering in each other's ears, probably flirting and cracking dirty jokes. The girl had gotten comfortable already and lowered her towel on her lap, exposing a pair of fairly attractive breasts to everyone, clearly enjoying what she could see and we couldn't. Her boyfriend had started to get busy with her: he would caress her wet skin, fondle her breasts, play in her hair and give her kisses on the shoulder, while still being able to get a good look at the couple fucking in front of them.

Still not too sure if the two other ladies closer to us were simply friends, or maybe lovers, you caught their gaze, which made them smile back to us. They seemed more passive, but most likely curious, and probably also enjoying the porno soundtrack going on right now, reverberating against the wet, dripping walls.

Suddenly, you stood up and sat down on my lap to whisper in my ear again:

'Those people fucking over there are turning me on. When are we going to have our go at this?'

'Soon, honey, soon, I'm all hard just thinking about it. Mmmh, come here, I want to taste you.'

I drew you closer and held my breath as I dove in your mouth for the hottest and wettest french kiss. It was just divine, silky. With the dense humidity, I was breathing you in much more, absorbing your essence. I love how you always alternate between full tongue and delicately touching my lips with yours. It feels like a tempestuous and sultry tango, a sort of struggle for who gets the lead. We were indeed swaying back and forth in a waltz and our hands held each other tight. I was caressing your ass and rubbing your inner thigh while you were sucking on my tongue. The condensation made your lips all the juicier. Dear god, your taste was inebriating! You were making me long for you.

At some point, I opened my eyes and realized you had your own eyes fixed on our two lady friends. We were giving our little show and you were enjoying every moment of it. You giggled and grabbed my hand to place it on your breast. I played along and caressed it slowly, feeling its nipple stiffen to a nub, even through the thick fabric of the towel.

'Oh my god, I'm feeling so wet down there.' you said. 'Not sure if I should blame you or the sauna.'

All that back and forth made our towels ride up our legs and at some point, I felt my cock rub against you. My turgid helmet was just gliding against your wet slit, making its own wet slurping sounds, still discernable on top of all the absurd breathing and moaning from across the room. 

We were crossing a line that we never crossed before. You drew back from me, closing your eyes, absorbing the shock and fighting some kind of urge to just start right down fucking in front of complete strangers. Though it was beginning to feel appropriate, it was starting to feel right.

Our witnesses, even the younger couple, had their eyes laid on you, waiting to see if you would dare baring the obvious truth, baring your flesh, your exquisite breasts and pussy to them. You looked at everyone through half-shut eyes, rocking me, teasing the crowd while teasing yourself all the same. I was too busy salivating, indulging on the view of your cleavage, beaded with condensation, trickling down the confines of your towel.

The lady friends seemed a little more shy, but the younger couple now seemed awe struck, their mouths gaping, dumbfounded. The girl now had her hand caressing the growth that spurted from between her boyfriend's legs that was now revealed to everyone. Her chest was heaving up and down and her legs kept opening and closing. She must be getting pretty excited from the view. And there was just something in their stare that just pierced further in our soul, like they were feeling the same thing as us.

As you slowed down, you readjusted yourself, and tugged down my towel at the same time to cover my manhood. You whispered to me:

'This is not our stage. If we're going to make love, I want to do it where we'll be the first to initiate it, be the center of the show as other people walk in to watch. Wouldn't that be great? '

'Wow, I can't believe I'm hearing these words come out of your mouth, baby. I knew you always had that little exhibitionist side in you.' I said, patting you on the bum, proud of you. 

'Those crazy things you make me do, I swear, you're making me look like a pervert. Mmmmhh! I'm so horny, what I need to do right now is an excuse to tear that towel off of me and get it over with.'

'What do you have in mind?'

'I'm going outside for a quick dip in the pool, and, you know, leave my towel hanging by the side, I wouldn't want to get it wet. Shame I don't have a darn swimsuit on, sheesh! What was I thinking!'

'Right, silly you.' I giggled. 'Though I don't think I'll be able to hide the feelings I have for you right now. You know, my long, hard feeling.'

'It's okay, I want everyone to see it. You've got such a nice cock anyway, baby.'

Those words made my member literally swell with pride. You stood up, and grinned maliciously as you pulled me towards you. This seemed like a call for adventure, and we could only go feet first!

Right before I stepped out, I exchanged a more than meaningful look with the girl in the couple. With her messy bun of ginger hair and her grey eyes, I felt pure lust in her gaze. As she stroked her man's big shaft, her eyes shot back and forth between my groin and my face. She definitely had bigger tits than I thought at first, with a bit of freckles and small pink nipples. Her guy was lucky, and he seemed to be well equipped too. I smiled, a little awkwardly, as I almost tripped on the door frame on my way out.