 Flynn leaned against the back wall of the elevator, drained from the work day. She was just one ride away from her tiny apartment and a hot bubble bath. She rubbed the back of her neck to ease the tension that seemed to be a permanent fixture there.

It was an important weekend, she was to meet Jonathan's parents. Now that they were finally engaged after two years of dating it was time to start planning the wedding. She should be thrilled, after all, as soon as they became a double income couple they could afford a real place and she'd get out of this urban shoebox. But the tension headaches were only becoming more and more frequent.

The doors were just about to meet in the middle when a hand stuck between them. They reopened with a whoosh. She tried not to actively scowl in response. The man who strode in was the bane of her existence in this building.

He was late twenties and worked for REI or one of those stupid outdoorsy companies. He was always looked like he was about to go hike some mountain or ford a river. So what if he had a perpetual tan that highlighted how blue his eyes were, and she barely noticed that the sun had lightened his sandy blond hair at the tips. He wore it too long anyway, the way it waved over his face just looked like he rolled out of bed a few minutes ago.

"Hey gorgeous, what's cookin? TGIF, right?" He settled in next to her, just a hair too close and she shifted away uncomfortably.

"Drake. You realize there is an entire empty elevator here. You're in my space." She rubbed at her forehead now, the headache was starting to pound. At least the elevator was slowly rising up.

"I like being in your space. You smell like the wildflowers back home," he leaned in a little to take a sniff, trying to get a rise out of her. Ever since he had moved in six months ago to the unit above her, he'd taken every opportunity to flirt shamelessly with her. He knew she was dating some corporate stiff, but he didn't see it making her very happy. All he needed was a chance to crack that shell around her.

She gave him a shove back, trying not to feel how muscular his chest was. "You're incorrigible. Get away from me." She laughed. God only knew why, but he had lightened her mood.

He grinned at her but backed off enough to put her at ease. "So, any big plans for the weekend?"

"Yes, in fact. I'm having dinner with Jonathan and his parents tomorrow at the Ritz." Why did it feel like a pit of dread had lodged in her stomach by saying it out loud?

"Wow, what are you guys, like engaged or something?" She just stared at him in response. Understanding dawned. "Ah, well, congratulations, I guess." He looked away, his jaw tight. For some reason he was furious he was never going to get a chance with this woman.

"Thank you," she replied stiffly. They rode a few more moments in awkward silence. She shifted the strap of her purse over her suit jacket. Soon she'd be able to strip it all off and sink into that hot fragrant water.

He sighed and looked back at her, "You know you could do better than that guy, right?"

Shocked, she opened her mouth to respond, but at that moment the elevator made a terrible sound and ground to a halt.

"What?! No, no, no. Not again! REALLY?" She jabbed at the buttons in frustration. "I hate this fucking building." She pounded at the doors, hoping someone could hear them.

"Don't worry, princess, I'll call the super." He took out his phone. The one inside the elevator probably hadn't worked since the seventies. "Hey Jerry, it's Drake from 23B. The elevator's broken down again, I'm stuck in here with Flynn. Call me when you get this message." He put his bags down, content that he got to spend a little more time with her.

Flynn threw her briefcase and purse down in disgust. This was the last thing she needed after a hellish week. To her dismay, emotion welled up and tears threatened to fall. What was wrong with her? She stared down at the faded oriental carpet to gain some control.

"Hey, what's this?" He asked, lifting her face with gentle fingers. He knew from growing up with three sisters when a major crying jag was on the horizon. In that moment she looked so fragile, her hazel eyes shimmered, her pale skin went translucent. He brushed her hair back. It reminded him of the honey he'd found in a beehive as a kid. The tenderness of the gesture was like an arrow to her heart.

"I'm fine," she said, even as more tears welled up. Her control was slipping.

"I don't think so." He murmured as he gathered her into his arms, tightening his embrace when she initially fought it. He felt her whole body tense and then go lax in his arms as she let go and the storm broke loose.

Sobs wracked her body as the tears flowed freely. He stroked her back in silence and waited for it to pass. Minutes ticked by but he didn't care.

Flynn didn't fully understand why she was crying, all she knew was that the dam had broken and all her emotions were flooding out. She clutched at that back of his shirt like it was a lifeline. He was giving her the gift of unquestioning support, and she was grateful. The pain in her head ratcheted down to a dull ache. And maybe there was a quiet voice in the back of her mind saying how good it felt to be in his arms, but she pushed that thought away.

Drake could feel the tears slowly subsiding. He continued to stroke her because he'd wanted to touch her for so long, he wasn't going to pass up this chance. As she quieted he became aware of her full breasts pushing up against his chest and felt a stirring response in his pants. Gradually his hands began molding her body's curves with more purpose.

Flynn's body went on high alert as she felt his embrace shift from comforting to something more sensual. She tried to withdraw, putting her hands against his chest where she could feel his heart beat racing. Their eyes met, naked hunger blazing in his and fearful awareness alight in hers. His arms tightened again, only this time with awakening passion.

"What do you think you're doing," she demanded. Damn it if every time she tried to wriggle away her body only rubbed more against his, awakening every single nerve ending. Her skin tingled with electricity.

He regarded her for a moment, her cheeks flushed and her eyes dilated. Her body wanted him, even if her brain hadn't quite caught up yet. That he could fix. "I'm seducing you, Mrs. Robinson," he said calmly.

"But, but, you can't! I'm engaged to someone else," she protested.

"Ah, but notice how you didn't say you were in love with someone else," he replied, letting his hands slide down to the curve of her ass. When he squeezed her cheeks she felt his erection bulge against her. Despite how much she knew it was wrong, her center started to throb at the feeling of him getting hard for her. "What if there was no Jonathan at the Ritz?" He asked softly. "Would you want to fuck me right now?"

His hands ran firmly up the length of her back and into her hair, pulling pins out one by one. He was undoing her. He tangled in his hands in her hair, pulling her head back so she had no choice but to meet his eyes. "Be honest with yourself, Flynn. Do you want me?" His gaze pierced her with its intensity. It seemed futile to deny it any longer.

"Yes. God help me. Yes." On that word he crushed his mouth to hers. Their tongues swirled and danced together as she moaned, her body coming alive under his hands. He pushed her up against the wall and drank his fill, holding her head between his hands as he plundered her.

Her hands went slack against his chest for a few airless seconds. She felt as if her world was exploding behind her eyes. No one had ever kissed her like this. Any logical thoughts she had left in her head evaporated in the fire of lust burning between them.

She reveled in the flames as he left her mouth to run hot open mouthed kisses up and down her neck, slipping her jacket off her shoulders in one smooth motion. Then he cupped her breasts firmly, running his thumbs over the silk covered peaks, torturing her sensitized nipples.

He couldn't wait to get to her hot naked flesh in his hands. He ripped her shirt open, delicate buttons popping and falling to the floor. She moaned again as his rough hands yanked down her lacy bra, exposing her hard rosy nipples. He didn't give her time to react before his mouth was upon them, feasting with tongue and teeth.

Her back arched as she grabbed the rail to steady herself. Her legs felt as if they would give out underneath her. She was being devoured and it felt incredible.

He knelt in front of her, pushing her legs apart roughly as he yanked her skirt up. His hands ran up her thighs where her stockings ended, along her garter belt to the thong already soaked in the center. He took the thin material in this hands and tore it apart as if it were nothing. "I can't wait to taste you," he said just before he buried his face between her legs, possessing her with his mouth.

Flynn cried out as he snaked his tongue between her folds and hit the bullseye of her throbbing clit. Stars burst in her head as she peaked sharply, body frozen for a heartbeat before dissolving into convulsions.

Drake didn't give her any respite, but rather doubled his efforts to drive her wild. He eased two fingers into her tight pussy while it was still spasming, prolonging her pleasure. He tongued her clit from side to side, feeling it swell with each pass. His fingers curled just enough as they slid in and out to send thrills through her body. Her hips bucked against his face wildly. "Holy shit...please don't stop...suck my pussy...YES!" Her head thrashed from side to side as the next orgasm detonated like a bomb inside her, leaving her devastated.

His heart raced as he panted, primitive instincts screaming at him to take her. He freed himself as he rose up, his cock hugely engorged and glistening with cum. He grabbed one of her legs and cradled it in his right arm while he lifted her so that her ass rested on the hand rail.

"I'm going to fuck you senseless," he ground out the words as he buried himself in her with one harsh thrust. He took her mouth with his again and swallowed her cries as his hips raged against hers, pounding them incessantly. Her cunt was so hot and tight around him he had to struggle to keep the beast contained.

Flynn held onto his shoulders as best she could as he pumped his cock deeply inside her. She was lost in the storm, her only reality the wet sound of her cunt being thoroughly fucked and his heavy breathing in her ear. Then he wrapped her legs around his hips and went even deeper. The change of angle only made the pleasure sharpen to a razor edge.

"Omigod, fuck me hard, yes baby, I'm going to come all over your cock," she cried, breathless and desperate for him. Her hands tightened, scratching at his skin with her nails. He bit into her neck as she came again, feeling the heat whip through from her center outwards to the tips of her toes.

He slowed his pace then, patiently waiting for her to come back to earth. She did so slowly, gazing up at him, her eyes soft and her lids heavy. He'd never seen anything so beautiful as her fully surrendered to him.

He drew her down with him to the floor so that she straddled him. He held his cock up as she lowered herself onto him with a sigh. "You are so fucking gorgeous," he whispered as he ran his hands over her jutting breasts, teasing the nipples with tips of his fingers.

She let her head fall back as she started to rise and fall, basking in the sensation of him filling her while he worked magic with his hands. His thumb sought and found her clit, gently coaxing it as she rode him with ever increasing ardor. The sight of her fully engulfed in passion was almost too much to bear. He couldn't hold back much longer.

As her hips began to slam down onto his, their bodies slapping together with abandon, he knew he could unleash his own greed.

He surged up to take her breasts with his mouth as he wrapped her legs around him again. She took his face in her hands and kissed him deeply as he clutched her ass, mercilessly dragging her over his raging cock, ready to burst.

She groaned against his mouth as the last orgasm capsized her. As she clenched around him he finally let go, grunting like an animal as his dick went off like a rocket inside her. With jet after jet, he drenched her inner walls with hot fountains of cum so that it leaked between them and ran like a river between his legs. He thought he might pass out for a second.

Flynn could feel his body trembling as he came down from his peak. No man had ever been so raw, so primal with her. She'd just assumed she didn't inspire that kind of emotion in men. She was happy to be proven very, very wrong.

Drake flopped back onto the carpet, pulling her with him and gathering her into his arms. They laid there, hearts beating in time, as their breathing slowly returned to normal. He was still inside her and he relished the intimacy of the moment.

He stroked her back softly, smoothing her hair back from her face. He could almost hear her mind starting to come back online, her body tensing slightly against his. He wasn't going to let her off so easy. And he wasn't going to let her marry that joker either. He was pretty sure she'd never been properly fucked until a few minutes ago.

The phone rang in his bag and they looked up at each other with wide eyes. It was the super calling back. He didn't move, so she went to reach for it. His arm shot out and his hand vised over her wrist.

"Leave it, Flynn. I'm not done with you yet." She couldn't help but laugh.

"What else could there be, Drake?" She asked, eyes sparkling now. She felt energized and for the first time in months, at peace. She knew now that her engagement was the source of her headaches. It wasn't right to marry someone she wasn't passionate about. She'd been afraid to admit that there might be more out there for her, until today. Until Drake.

He smiled and pulled her in for a kiss, softly rubbing his lips against hers and teasing them with his tongue. That was all it took for him to harden inside her again. Her eyebrows flew up in surprise as he flipped her over and started slowly thrusting into her again.

"Lots more, Flynn. Just let me show you."