 V.H.P. (Very Horny Person) Area

We walked off the dance floor and climbed up the stairs. Your outfit was scandalous: you were practically naked, but oh! so alluring. The lighting was sufficient for everyone to stop in their tracks as they crossed us. Obviously, they weren't as hot as we were, as the people on the dance floor were. Was this too much? Was this not tolerated? The omnipresent darkness and confusion made me feel almost anonymous, capable of getting away with public indecency. You walked in a very sultry strut, confident and attractive. You swayed your ass in a way reminiscent of Jessica Rabbit, of Christina Hendricks. Your boobs had a firm but hypnotizing bounce about them. Gleefully, you skipped along a few steps, bouncing in your cute little retro shoes.

I didn't care about my shaft sticking out of my shorts. It was a loaded gun and I wasn't afraid to use it on you soon. 

As we got on the second floor, we got accustomed to the surroundings as much as we could. We realized that it was sort of a lounge area, where the music already seemed toned down. Different seating areas, with large booths, were scattered over the second floor, and there was almost no one using them. The party was still going strong to where people looked over the rail, down to the main stage, dancing and getting hot and crazy. Convenient for us, we could take pretty much any table for ourselves. As we held each other, we crashed down in this booth that was somewhat secluded from the action, and we laughed uncontrollably, weak from all a day's worth of activity. 

We started fondling each other with abandon, kissing passionately. I felt your body relax over mine. You finally got to enjoy this little moment of peace, where your whole weight is not taken away by loud thumping electro. All you wanted to do now was to get intimate with me. You were kissing my neck, grazing my face with your hair, confusing me all the more. I could feel your hips gyrating against my cock. Your hunger wouldn't stop. You sat up over me in the dark. I knew my cock still stuck out of my shorts and stood straight up, leaning against your pelvis, twitching, dancing along the beat. There was a flash of light and I could see your sensational breasts. They squeezed together as you reached out in front of you to start unbuttoning my shirt. That made them shape up an exquisite and decadent cleavage. My mouth just watered at the sight. And that reminded me:

'Didn't you want a drink, baby?'

You pondered for a second, you undid my last button. You threw out the pans of my shirt and I suddenly felt so naked, like in a dark womb.

'Yeah.' You replied, speaking in my ear. 'But I want you too, so bad. I want your friend there inside me.'

'Here!' I said, handing you money from my pocket. 'Just grab a waiter and get ourselves a few drinks, while I take care of the rest.'

I could see from your silhouette that your shoulders almost dropped suddenly and your head cocked to the left, probably thinking Really?, almost annoyed at the tease I kept putting you through. But I wasted no time in rewarding you for the wait. I was already caressing your thighs, all the way up to your crotch, tickling it, messing with the fabric of what was left of your costume. I felt that your juices were still drenching it, hot and sticky like honey on toast. I almost had a whiff up to my nose, and that just made me crazy.

You leaned over the backrest of the booth, I assumed scanning for a waiter. Like the good multitasker that you were, you still rocked your pelvis slowly against me, longing for my touch. Then, you hailed someone with your hand grabbing all these dollar bills. A waiter came over and you started chatting, though I really couldn't hear what you were saying. Conversation is always hard in those night clubs, even for just taking a simple order, but after a minute, you seemed to have engaged on a whole other topic. You were sort of flirting with him, touching his shoulder, laughing out loud and he would point down his chin in my direction, where I laid down in the booth, apparently now aware of what we were up to. You were also making this gesture with your hand, showing him the money, while you shrugged and shook your head. At that, he would raise his hand and nod, maybe saying No problem! 

I was too horny to really follow. Determined to make you give him a little show, I massaged my cock that still stood straight up and mashed it in against your pussy. I rubbed it up and down, pressing it slowly. I made small circles against your lips, and as I did so, I pushed in the fabric of your suit. My fingers helping in the way, I pushed it in lower, further, making it disappear inside you. 

The elastic of your suit was so loose, it was moving around as I did so, eventually revealing your lips and your clitoris. I could feel your folds wrapping around my cock. Gritting my teeth as my breathing picked up, I felt your boiling juices starting to coat my length. My other hand went to your ass in order to push you a little closer to me. Your rhythm picked up some more as you rocked harder over me. You started caressing your flanks and your neck with your fingertips, making sure to stop by your tits in between. You caressed them, squeezed and weighed them, pulled and twisted your nipples almost unconsciously... and our spectator didn't miss any of that.

The waiter was still talking to you, though a little less, obviously distracted. He licked his lips and smiled our way, watching as best he could in the dark. And all that time, I was amazed at how you could keep a conversation with all that stimulation distracting your senses. Your lips moved a little again, and you made that gesture with your hand, showing him the money. He replied to you the same way, saying No problem! Then, he took the bills and left. It looked like you guys agreed to something...

You brought your attention back to me, released from the little awkwardness of that conversation. You got all agitated again, thrusting your hips in and out deliberately, pulling your head and shoulders back. You were getting intense, you moaned and you held on to the backrest for balance. I could feel your engine just resonating against me. Your other hand went directly for my shaft and kept doing the same as I was: pressing it against your wet cunt. My bulging head being tight and full, you rubbed it firmly against your clit. I know you just loved doing that, pleasuring yourself through my shaft before I went in with it.

You bent down and moaned in my ear:

'I'm such a slut, but I'm loving this. Mmmh, can you feel my clit growing against the back of your cock?'

'I very much can, baby. By the way, you seemed to have a pretty interesting chit-chat with your waiter friend there. Did he take an order from you in exchange of all that money you left him?'

'Yeah, about that... I think he'll be coming back with a little more booze than what I paid for, but only because he wants to have some himself that I will pay for by letting him watch. I... I hope you don't mind.'

I started laughing. This was all getting surreal and very hard to stop the progress at this point. We already got away with showing off to the crowd downstairs. Of course I didn't mind. Who was going to stop us? Everyone in this club tonight was stuck in an era that was long gone. We were all projections of the past, living out some recurrent pre-teen fantasies. We could be anyone we wanted, and not give a shit about who possibly watched.

'And by "watch", you mean what, exactly?' I asked.

'Watching you fuck me, silly.' I knew what you meant, but I just wanted to see your gorgeous smile while you said that.

You put your hands on each side of my head and bent down over me. I was instantly greeted by the smothering mass of your breasts. It felt like a molten river of marshmallows running down my cheeks, blocking my eyes, leaving me with only a perception of total helplessness. I let go, my arms dangling on my sides and moaned a beastly grunt, incapacitated in euphoria.

To make things worse, you started moving around. My cock rested against my belly when you bent down, and it was now in the perfect position for you to grind it with your pussy lips. You rocked against me smoothly, coating my shaft with your moistness. You made sure to stop a little longer on my head, working the ridge with your clitoris. Two of our most sensible spots, just rubbing together like that, I was sure generated electricity. I could discern little white spots floating around behind my eyelids. I certainly felt woozy, but too horny to care.

You were having fun up there, humping me like that. And I felt like some sort of sex toy, immobile and used. I was getting eager to start moving inside you, though, but I didn't rush anything. I figured anyway you probably waited for our waiter friend to come back. I reached for your tits and moved them aside for a second, just for the sake of getting some air. While you kept rubbing yourself with my dick, I aimed your nipples towards me and started licking them avidly, hungrily. This usually has a good effect on you, so it was turning into a good combination for you with all the other stimuli. I felt you slow down your pace, giving in to the touch of my hot tongue. I sure was multi-tasking: I kept drooling over your hardening nipples, making them turn into tight pencil erasers. I circled them with the tip of my tongue when I didn't flick them up and down like a light switch...except this switch didn't turn anything off. (Ah ah) I pressed my lips firmly down on them and pulled a little, almost hoping that some of your mother milk would come out. 

Holy fuck, I could do this all day. It all felt so good, so liberating. I was addicted to your flesh. I just love the tease and the build-up towards orgasm. When I masturbate, I can usually hold out for a long time, just staying on the edge for hours. I've often wished I could do the same with you: just driving the pleasure and the tease higher in as many ways as possible, and this day was turning out to be just how I desired it.

Having lost track of time, I opened my eyes and looked around. Across the booth, there was who was most likely your little friend that came back with our order. He was disposing shot glasses on the table and already filling them up with the contents of an ice frosted bottle of vodka. This was distracting enough from the way you grinded my shaft. I knew that this booze was coming our way, and that the guy was apparently going to stay to enjoy the view... or more.

All along he kept his eyes on us, mostly you. You were magnificent. He was wearing a big grin on his face that stood out in the darkness, unable to help himself from the dirty thoughts you were inspiring him. 

When he was done pouring, he pushed a shot my way on the table and headed in your direction, right behind you, with two other shots in his hands. Where my legs dangled down the seat, your ass was facing him in full glory, since you were still bent down over me, rocking back and forth against my wood. He tapped slightly on your shoulder with the cold glass. Getting up, you suddenly realized yourself the little treat that our friend had set up. Lost in depravity, all dishevelled, you smiled awkwardly and reached for the glass. And at that, the waiter pulled his hand away, shaking his head. You made a puzzled frown and locked eyes with him so he could re-engage in this conversation of body language and facial expressions. As a waiter in a loud nightclub, I thought, this is probably a second nature, a professional trait. 

He said a few words to your ear and pointed his chin at my crotch, while dangling the glass in front of your nose. I hoped you put two and two together, because I was sure he wanted to watch you get on my dick in order to have that shot. 

You weren't too sure of the order in which he wanted you to do it, but he made sure he was making you aim for both at the same time. He rested the glass against your lips, which you stretched out hungrily, like a newborn would to a milk filled nipple. You wanted the drink and you leaned forward more and more, but he still didn't want to leave it to you. As you leant forward as such, your pussy eventually met the head of my cock, which made you freeze on the spot. Then, I could discern your pleading expression on your face and I braced myself for your warmth. And you gave in... You went down on me, slowly, making me feel every inch of your pussy. 

Wow... I held my breath and tightened my every muscle. The grind and the suction were such, it felt as though our embrace was hermetic. I couldn't help picturing a syringe and how the rubber inner part glides against the other. That... that was exactly how I thought my cock felt at the moment.

The waiter, happy that you behaved, pushed the shot against your gaping mouth and made your head tilt back to pour the vodka down your throat. Already bombarded with a million stimuli, you couldn't swallow properly: some of the liquid splashed out the corners of your mouth, and ran down your body. You were startled at the sudden cold sensation on your hot skin and snorted out a laugh.

For my part, I propped up on my elbows and salvaged what I could of the spilled liquid by licking your stomach.

Feeling somewhat invigorated, you started moving over me. Up, then down on my cock, you went. Mmmmhh Fuck, the feeling was just incredible. Surprisingly, I was finally inside you for the first time today, and as it often does, it felt like the first of a lifetime. You teased me to death and we played those perverted games with strangers at the spa all day. But that was just taking the cake.

In this packed nightclub, you danced on my dick, in tempo with the ethereal and vaporous retro-futuristic soundtrack thumping through our bodies. Your hips were bouncing up and down against mine, and I could tell you were still very wet. I held your ass and made you spin around a little as you bounced, making sure my cock head rubbed against every side of your pussy. You leaned against me and your arms in front of you made your tits squeeze out towards me in the dark, bobbing up and down, shaping an obscene cleavage. Once in a while, you teased me and bowed further down just to get your hard nipples grazing my face. Lost in a daze, I could only pucker up my lips and try to catch them aimlessly.

We were hot, sweating already from dancing earlier, but our body temperature was only going up. You were picking up the pace and my balls were already starting to boil. Shaking my head, I decided to take my mind off of you for a second and take that shot the waiter had left me. Propping up on my elbows again, I saw that the waiter was still there... although he was enjoying the show, now, caressing his dick from out of his fly. As a staff member, I thought he was pretty bold doing that on duty. But I smiled, thinking I'd probably do the same fucking thing.

I held up my glass and said "Cheers!" out loud in his direction. He replied, doing the same with the glass that he held. That drew your attention. You remembered we had a guest at our booth. You looked over your shoulder and smiled down, looking at what he was busy with. His thick cock was at full capacity and he was stroking it intensely in your honor. You spun around to give him a nice side view of your tits. You grabbed the remaining shot on the table.

'Yeah, cheers, guys!' you yelled, looking at us both.

We two idiots were just baffled from the view of your body, so that was the cue to drink up. We downed the ice cold vodka in our gullets and let the burn spread out through our bodies, clouding our minds and dissipating our boundaries and inhibitions just a little more than necessary.

We slammed the glass on the table and I gritted my teeth, mostly because of how fast you were taking me towards orgasm. You were relentless: you hadn't stopped moving on my cock. You drank that shot in perfect control this time, and now, you were grinding me even more. You pushed out an intense moan over the music and you started flicking your clit frenetically. I was going out of control and I thought I should probably take another shot of vodka to keep steady and not jizz yet, but you were starting to get my undivided attention, and that was dangerous.

Lucky for me, you suddenly got off my cock, but only to turn around. I knew what you intended to do: you wanted to give a better view of your front to our new friend and maybe even get to mess around with his shaft. You placed yourself over me and here I was, back inside your sheath of flesh. Ohhhhhh, the friction! I now had your full back in front of me, making your sublime ass available to my kneading pleasure. 

You resumed your little dance and went up and down on my cock again, though a little harder this time, slapping my thighs with yours in the process. I braced on under the assault and concentrated all of what I had left of sanity to make this last a little longer, just to let you have your fun with your new found boy toy. I looked your way and saw you clumsily trying to mess with his dick while you bounced on mine.

I could only imagine the view of your tits that the waiter had right now. So firm and full, bouncing around heavily as your big puffy nipples swirled around, tantalizing. I was almost jealous; I wanted to have all of you to myself. I was still deeply gratified with the view of your ass. As you fucked my cock, I've been breathing out a long and horny moan just for self-concentration, keeping myself steady. I kneaded your cheeks, slapped them a little. I tried all I possibly could, tried shaking the thought off, but I just couldn't hold it in anymore: I was going to cum.

When I looked your way again, it was the last straw: you had bent down and sucked avidly the fat cock of our waiter, as deep as you could, and you rolled his balls around in the palm of your hand. Your head bobbed back and forth, in an independent rhythm from the one that the rest of your body had, in perfect control.

I lost it... I yelled something unintelligible; though I was positive nobody could hear me from the back of the booth, and over the deafening audio. I was confused, not too sure where to shoot out my jizz. Though, you must have sensed I was coming, since you jumped off my cock instantly and sat back on me.

My shaft just gyrated around, driven by pre-orgasmic tremors. 

'I'm coming! Somebody, stroke it please!'

I felt a hand grab it, but it was bigger, firmer. Looking up, I realized it was the server's. I saw you started laughing at this turn of events. I assumed your hands were probably busy on his own dick. Huh! I thought, that's new...

Without really giving that a second thought, I held on to your hips and grunted through my teeth. The waiter stroked my swollen cock and I started emptying my balls, pumping out shot after shot of boiling semen. My jaws were shut so tight, I could almost feel them crack. I felt blissful release, a high like no others, it felt incredible, I could just start crying. It was this familiar combination of pleasure from all the endorphins injected in my body, and pain from the strain and the exertion of my every muscle.

Not sure how I managed to keep my eyes opened, but I was witnessing my epic conclusion as I drenched your thigh with my cum, as well as the waiter, his crotch, his uniform, his shoes, the floor, his floor. Nothing was spared. 

The emotion seized me. I was covered in goosebumps and I felt an immense grin slice my face as I chuckled suddenly. Wow, the guy was still squeezing out the head of my dick, making sure every drop came out. I felt like I made a real fucking mess.

It looked like you and our friend were still sharing my pleasure. With your hands covered in my cum, you were still looking to get a taste of his. You were now sucking on his cock like a maniac. I could feel the rumble of your hoarse moan trembling through your body. 
