 I remember I was incredibly nervous! Everything had happened so fast! Was it really only a few days ago that we were chatting so sensibly...those early tentative questions about our lives...maybe seeking that signal that turns a conversation into a flirtation...Little did either of us realise that flirtation would so quickly spark a sexual flame!!! The open sharing and enjoyment of one another's deepest desires and fantasies fuelling an all engulfing fire that led...where?

To my knocking on the door of your hotel room!!! 

My hand shaking as I knocked on the door with all the confidence I could muster...my stomach quivering with excited anticipation through those agonising few seconds of waiting! It seemed an age! Maybe you weren't in!!! I knew that you were going out later, but I was sure you said you'd be at the hotel before then...No...I knew you were there and I could eventually hear your footsteps treading towards the door. Oh my god! What was I doing!!! This was so wrong...but sense and reason had never really stood much of a chance in the face of raw sexual desire!

The door opened and you stood before me...radiant and gorgeous! Smiling a wide and confident smile....your eyes meeting mine directly and sparkling with excitement! Any thoughts that you may not be as excited as I about our rendezvous were dispelled with one look into your bright eyes and beaming smile...and a secondary glance that took in the plunging neckline of your blouse and tight-hipped cut of your skirt!!! You looked excited to see me...you had dressed up to see me...you had wanted to look sexy for me...and you knew that you had achieved it!!!

You may have said hello...you may have invited me in...I neither heard nor can remember! I can remember the door closing with me inside it...I can remember you stepping into my embrace...I can remember your soft lips meeting mine and your hand on the nape of my neck pulling me to you...I can remember the press of your bosom against my chest...I can remember wrapping my arms around your hips and pulling you against my groin...I can remember your kiss turning into a smile as you moved against my hardness!!!

How long did we stay like that? Pressed against the door to your room, kissing deeply and with increasing passion and hunger! Our tongues entwined and writhing in perfect synchronicity. Teasing and exploring...tasting and probing! I allowed my hands to wander....caressing down your back and arms...fingers running through your hair...squeezing your arse and pulling you tighter against me! 

Eventually you pulled away from me and looked me deeply in the eyes. Did you say anything then? I recall a deep sigh...a deep groan of lust...I remember no words! You took me by the hand and led me into your room...standing next to your bed...where by some unspoken command we began to undress one another. Why do fingers lose all sense of dexterity at the worse possible moment!!! Were yours any less fumbling than mine? Did we really care!!! In seconds my shirt was open and pulled down, pinning my arms to my side, and your lips were on my chest...kissing and nibbling my nipples. Eventually you freed my arms and I was able to complete the removal of your blouse and feast my eyes on your stunning breasts!!

It was my turn to take some initiative....slipping your bra straps over your shoulders and kissing the indentations they had left. Then, as your straps slid further down your arms, I softly kissed the top of your chest and the rising mounds of your breasts. I felt your arms reaching behind your back and soon sensed your bra falling away to allow your heavy breasts to fall free. I immediately cupped them in my hands and ran my thumbs over your nipples, relishing the feel of them stiffening and growing. Stooping slightly I lifted each breast in turn to my mouth so that I could tease and lick each nipple! I could feel your hands gently holding my head as I sucked on each bud...lightly at first and the harder...allowing myself you be guided by your moans of pleasure and the pressure with which you cradled my head. Eventually you pulled me away from my suckling and again kissed me passionately. I began to unzip your skirt only for you to push my hands away!

I was puzzled at first...but was reassured by the look of devilment in your eyes as you proceeded to push the skirt over your wriggling hips. Enticingly you allowed the skirt to drop to the ground...before repeating the movements with your skimpy black lace knickers! I was captivated and frozen by your nakedness...my eyes drinking in your voluptuous breasts, your hard nipples swollen and red from my attentions, the delicious firmness of your large rump and shapely thighs....and the inviting smoothness of your pubic mound! 

I needed to taste you...I was burning with the desire to part your thighs and feast myself upon your pussy! I stepped towards you, intended to lay you upon the bed....but to my confusion you put your hand firmly against my chest, indicating clearly that I should stay where I was as you climbed onto the bed and sat leaning against the headrest. Was I supposed to follow you? Did you want to watch as I continued to undress? I noticed that you were making no secret of staring at my crotch...admiring with a sexy smile the bulge that would have been impossible to hide even had I wanted to! But I had no intention of hiding! I wanted you to see it! I wanted, no, needed you to see my hard and throbbing erection!

As I unbuckled my belt I finally realised the game that you wanted to play...because at that moment you raised your knees and parted your thighs...allowing me an unhindered view of your naked pussy! I watched as you tenderly ran your fingers over your mound...teasing both your protruding lips and me in equal measure! As you continued to stroke yourself, I resumed unbuckling my belt and unzipping my fly...trying desperately to slow down my movements...trying to appear sexy rather than over-eager! My trousers fell to the ground around my ankles, revealing my straining white briefs...revealing also a large and dark patch of moist fabric where my abundant pre-cum had leaked and soaked into my briefs! As stylishly as I could manage I stepped out of my trousers, whipping my shoes and socks off at the same time....there was no way I was going to sully the occasion by standing before you sporting only my eager erection and a pair of black socks!

I decided to tease you...Sliding my hand into my briefs and fondling my cock as you watched...allowing you to see the outline of my thick cock...tantalizing you with the image of my hand encircling it, holding it firmly, caressing and stroking! I watched as your ran a finger slowly and firmly along your lips, allowing them to part at first and then, with the introduction of a second finger, to spread! I could see clearly now the wetness of your pussy...the swollen pinkness of your labia! I wanted to come to you...I wanted to bury my head between your thighs...but I also wanted to watch you! The subtle movements of your fingers, stroking and caressing, was entrancing! I could hear your soft moans now...such a beautiful sound!

I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my briefs and slowly, teasingly began to lower them...allowing my cock to strain impatiently for release as first I uncovered my hips and the tops of my buttocks! I tore my eyes away from your playful fingers and looked at your lust filled eyes and eagerly pouting lips....when finally, the briefs flicked over my erection and my cock sprung energetically from its confinement! I saw your eyes light up heard your gasp of laughter mixed with desire! Immediately the teasing stroking of your fingers ceased...replaced with a more focussed rubbing of your clit...small insistent circles with two fingers...fast and firm...The expression of your face shifting from that impish playfulness to a concentrate, almost pained, expression. Your moans were continuous now...earthy and deep in tone!

I was swept along by your desire! Any plans I may have had about slow and sensual love-making...about exploring one another's bodies at leisure...were banished from my mind! That could all wait for another time...this was about the culmination of all those nights of fantasizing about each other...the foreplay was the stories and the messages and the pictures...the lovemaking was the private bouts of masturbation, the sex with our partners whilst we thought of each other! This was the climax...the explosion of our lust for another! I was stoking my cock firmly without even realising that I had started...long, confident strokes...sliding my foreskin back and forth over my swollen purple crown...coating my palm and my fingers in my abundant pre-cum!

Your free hand was squeezing your nipples...squeezing and pinching hard! Occasionally you would close your eye tightly...sometimes you would look deeply into my eyes...often your gaze was direct and firm on my rapidly pumping fist. Your fingers now were rubbing furiously on your clit...your hips pushing forward to intensify your pleasure...your breathing heavy and gasping...your moans...oh your beautiful, delicious moans!!!!

I could hear my own groans now...I could hear myself emitting those tell-tale grunts of my imminent orgasm....I didn't want to cum yet...I wanted this to last so much longer...but I wanted to cum...I so desperately wanted to explode!! Sensing my predicament you reached a hand towards me and I took the two or three steps that separated us. You grasped me firmly and confidently and guided the swollen tip of my crown into your mouth....caressing it with your soft lips as you slipped me further inside...rolling your tongue over me with exquisite tenderness...your hand stroking my rigid shaft...slowly at first but then faster and faster and faster...sucking noisily as I thrust into your mouth...your free hand now gripping my buttock...guiding the speed and depths of my thrusts...encouraging me to fuck your mouth...nails digging into my flesh...making me cry and grunt loudly! 

I could feel the orgasm building...I could feel the contraction of my balls...the clenching of my buttocks as I tried in vain to hold back...I gripped your head firmly...then I felt the flood of relief and tingling sensation through my cock and stomach and thighs and even toes as I exploded with great spurts into your mouth!!! 

For a while you continued to suck and lick and caress...milking every last drop of my creamy cum...as I enjoyed the pulsing pleasure of my orgasm and the slow warm afterglow...then allowed me to withdraw my slowly shrinking penis from your grasp. You looked at me and licked your lips and planted tiny kisses on my stomach and the tops of my thighs...before I eventually pulled away from you...and slid down your body...kissing occasionally...licking and sucking briefly on your nipples...but we both knew where my mouth and tongue was required and neither wanted its journey to be unduly delayed!

I licked the length of your pussy with long, firm and slow laps of my tongue...parting your lips easily and tasting at last your abundant juices....I flicked and probed delicately around the entrance to your vagina...hearing you gasp with pleasure as I slipped my tongue inside you...I lapped hungrily at your juices...intoxicated by your taste and scent! Feeling you rocking your hips back and forth, your hands gripping my head and I tongued your pussy deeply and enthusiastically...before eventually allowing your hands to guide my head, and therefore my mouth, toward your neglected clit. 

You had suspended your pleasure in order to allow me to enjoy mine and now it was my turn to pleasure you....and I was only to happy to oblige....first teasing your clit with little soft flicks of my tongue...increasing the intensity deliberately slowly...occasionally, teasingly, interrupting the flicking and licking with a delicate suck on the hood of your clit....eventually easing into a rhythm...faster and faster flicking your sensitive bud...loving your moans and uninhibited cries...feeling the writhing of your hips increasing in pace...I slipped a finger easily into your vagina...then a second...caressing your inner wall...squelching in your incredible wetness!!!! 

I could feel your orgasm growing...the trembling of your thighs as your thrust against my fingers and tongue...the passion of your moaning....I wanted that moment of release...I wanted you to come hard and powerfully against my mouth...and as I probed your anus with the tip of my third finger, we both got exactly what we wanted!!! Jerking and writhing heavily...groaning with delicious abandon...I felt you release yourself to the power and intensity of your orgasm!!!

You encouraged me to climb up alongside you...kissing me deeply once more...now though our kisses wonderfully tainted with the mingling of our juices! I don't know how long we lay like that...kissing and caressing...it was both an eternity and an instant...before it was interrupted by the ringing of your phone....your companion for the evening was in the lobby wanting to know which room to come to! With a naughty look at me, you gave the room number...was that really the first time I heard you speak?! 

We sighed...and smiled...and maybe we laughed too...and I hurriedly dressed while you slipped into a courtesy bathrobe. One final lingering kiss and I was out the door and walking almost dreamlike towards the elevator...had we really not spoken a word to one another?!!! Maybe not....but actions can speak so much louder than words!!!