 Untitled 3

She moved carefully on the bed. She didn't want to wake him. Not yet. She slowly pulled the sheet off him. He was on his back. She smiled. Perfect.

She eased herself beside him. She lightly touched his cock. Her finger tips just barely touched him. She did this for a few minutes until he started to get hard, then she wrapped her fingers around his cock.

She stroked his cock slowly as he grew harder in her hand. It always amazed her to watch him get hard. When he was soft, his cock was tiny. Hard, it filled her hand. It was average in size, and she liked it like that. She was able to deep throat him easily. 

She leaned over and kissed the head. She watched his face, looking for a reaction. He still slept peacefully. She smiled. She didn't want him to wake up yet. She lick his cock, running her tongue up the underside of it. Reaching the head, she again kissed it softly. She let some saliva drip from her mouth and spread it over his cock with her fingers. 

Her hand moved up and down his cock. Again she let saliva drip from her mouth onto it. Her fingers moved on him easily now. She kissed the head again. This time he moaned. She smiled. 

She held his cock and licked her lips. She opened her mouth and lowered it over his cock until her lips touched her fingers. She closed her mouth, wrapping her lips around him. She looked at his face as she moved her mouth up his cock. The head slipped from her mouth and she licked it as it did. This time, he groaned and moved slightly. She smiled again as she stroked him. 

She bit her lower lip as her hand moved up and down his cock. She was moving too fast. If she wasn't careful, he would wake up. She stroked him slowly, watching his face. Good. He still slept. She smiled again. He was probably dreaming of her.

She licked him again and took him into her mouth, watching his face. Nothing. Her lips pressed against her fingers and she moved her mouth down his cock as she stroked it. Down and up. Down and up and then she lifted her mouth from him. He stirred softly, still sleeping. She smiled as she watched him sleep, her hand moving up and down his cock.

Now? She let go of his cock, but kept her fingers pressed against it. She watched his face as she licked the length of it from the base to the head and took it into her mouth again. He groaned and pushed against her. 

She moved her mouth down his shaft, taking him all the way into her mouth. She lifted her head and his cock left her mouth with a soft 'pop.' His eyes opened and she smiled at him as she licked him. He groaned as she wrapped her fingers around him again.

She looked into his eyes as she took him in her mouth. He pushed up as she moved her mouth down him. With her lips against her fingers, she stroked and sucked him. She bobbed up and down on his cock several times before releasing it from her mouth. She smiled at as she sat up and then straddled him.

Holding him in her hand, she lowered herself onto him. They both moaned as her pussy slid over his cock. She put her hands on his chest and ground herself against him. 

She sat up, arching her back. She put her hands behind her head and started riding him. He put his hands on her waist. She sighed as she bounced up and down on him. 

She loved being on top. She felt in control. He never came when she was on top. No matter what she did or how long she fucked him, he wouldn't come. That was fine with both of them. After she came, he would roll her onto her back and fuck her until they both came.

She bent forward and put her hands on the bed next to him. He moved his hands to her arms and softly caressed them. She let her head fall forward. She was fucking him hard, grunting with the effort. God, his cock felt good.

She looked up again and smiled at him. He smiled back and moved his hands to her waist. He took some of her weight in his hands, making it easier for her to ride him.

She slowed down and then stopped with just the head of his cock inside her pussy. She was breathing hard. He held her there and shifted his legs so that his feet were flat on the bed. She grinned, knowing what he was about to do. He grinned back and began bouncing his hips off the bed, driving his cock into her.

She was on top, but he was fucking her. She groaned. Her pussy wasn't just wet now, it was creamy. She could feel her juices starting to drip down her thighs. His cock slammed into her again and again.

Suddenly, he let go of her and she fell on his cock. She cried out as she slammed down on him, his cock buried in her pussy. she put her hands on his chest and ground her pussy against him, rubbing her clit against him. She moaned and came, collapsing on top of him. Her pussy clenched his cock several times as she lay there.

He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight as she panted. As her breathing slowed, her rubbed her back. She lifted her head and leaned forward to kiss him. He held her tight and rolled her onto her back, his cock still in her.

He put his hands on the bed on either side of her body and raised himself over her. They smiled at each other as he slowly fucked her. She spread her legs as wide as she could. He fucked her a little faster, a little harder.

She was so wet. After a few minutes, he was pounding her. She whimpered. His balls slapped against her. She wrapped her legs around him and pushed up to meet him. She felt him come inside her and she cried out and came with him. 

*

Untitled 4

She knelt at the edge of the bed and leaned forward. resting on her forearms. He moved between her legs and put his hands on her ass. He held her cheeks firmly, his fingers digging into the soft flesh. He spread her ass cheeks and her pussy opened. She felt the head of his cock push between her lips. He rubbed his cock against her wet pussy and pushed the head into her. She sighed and clenched the sheets as he eased into her. When he was all the way in, he paused and then eased out of her. His cock slipped from her pussy.

He slipped back into her and slowly filled her. She smiled. She knew he was watching his cock disappear in her pussy. As he eased back out she knew he was watching how her lips clung to his cock, how her moisture shone on his cock. It was one of the things he liked about fucking her from behind.

She enjoyed the tenderness of the moment, his cock easing in and out of her. His hands on her ass. When he did her from behind, it felt like he got deeper inside her. He pulled all the way out again. She felt the head of his cock push against her and slip inside her. She smiled. He really liked watching that. He paused inside her. Was this it? Was he going to fuck her now?

Standing behind her like this he could fuck her hard and fast. She knew that soon he would be ramming his cock into her, pounding her pussy. He eased out and back in. Not yet. She moaned. She liked this, but she was ready to fuck. She wanted it. Wanted to feel his cock plunging into her.

His hands moved to her hips. She moaned again. This was it. He was going to fuck her now. He fucked her with a nice steady pace, burying his cock in her pussy and then pulling most of the way out. She was very wet, and his balls slapped against her clit noisily. She moved back and forth, meeting his thrusts. He slapped her ass with one hand and she yelped. She liked it when he was rough with her. She knew it would get rougher as he fucked her. 

She put her head down on the bed. He was fucking her harder and faster now. It felt so good. Her pussy was getting creamy, and she could feel it dripping down her thighs. She groaned. So good. So good.

He slapped her ass again. And again. She would have hand prints on both cheeks later. He slapped her again, harder this time. She groaned. His cock pounded into her. Her drenched pussy made wet squishy noises as he fucked her. 

She pushed up onto her hands, her body bouncing from his thrusts. He reached around with his right hand a held her breast, kneading it firmly. He pinched her little nipple and she groaned. He grabbed her other breast and pinched that nipple, also. 

He fucked her hard as he pinched her nipples. As her body bounced back and forth, he pulled at her nipples. Oh, God. So good. 

His hands moved back to her ass and he dug his fingers into her flesh. Her nipples tingled. He drove his cock into her. She whimpered. He slapped her ass and she yelped and groaned. He leaned over her and let go off her ass with his right hand. 

She knew what he wanted. She reached back with her right arm. He gripped her wrist and pulled on her arm. She reached back with her left arm and he took hold of that wrist. He held her up like that as he fucked her. She whimpered. She arched her back and threw her head back. It took some of the weight from her shoulders. 

His cock pounded into her pussy. She let her head fall forward again. He tightened his grip on her wrists. She let her body relax. All of her weight was being held up by him. Her shoulders ached. She groaned with pleasure and pain.

She clinched her pussy around his cock. She wanted him to come inside her. She knew that would push her over the edge, making her come. She did it again and he moaned. Again. And again. He groaned and slammed into her. She felt his cock jerk inside her. He slammed into her again and they both moaned. Her pussy tightened around his cock. She felt his cock jerk inside her again and they both cried out as they came together.