 Caria knew it would not take long for her to get to the gym. She finds a parking space right off. Not to many people are here which is good. She likes to work out without the place being over loaded with members. The stench from body sweat can be very unattractive with it in the air as if a stale cloud was over hanging the place. She shivered it was like that last time she was here and god help her but if it is like that she is out of there. She gets to the front doors pulling them open to enter. She breathes in deeply, smelling how clean the gym is feeling more relaxed. She says hello to the receptionist and signs in. After signing in She walks over to the machines sits down on the closest one and starts the workout on her thighs.

She did not know how long she had been working on her thighs when she gets up to lay on her belly, working the backside of her legs and buttocks to firm them. That is all she does is firm up when she workouts. She does not need to have a six pack abs or muscles bulging where they should not be. Re-aligning the towel under her head she closes her eyes as she works. When she feels the muscles pull is when she stops. She sits up, straddling the bench to wipe the sweat from her face, opening her eyes slowly to look straight into the greenest eyes of the man she has seen here and secretly hoped to run into this evening. She gasps and jumps a little, as she just stares not able to move her eyes from his.

He looked so good she thought, as she drew in a deep breath, watching his eyes move to her chest, as the air moves in and out of her. She longs to feel his skin against hers, as he moves within her, driving her to heights she has not felt for a very long time. She withdraws into her mind, thinking of him being on the bench straddling it, working on his arms, as she walks over to him slowly running her hands up and down his arm lightly to feel the tightening muscles that are extended from the weights. She follows her fingers to a drop of sweat on his chest, watching as it slowly rolls down his abs to the top of his shorts, rolling to the side to drop off his skin. She shivers with need, as she drips from her pussy. 

She notices that he has a bulge in his shorts and she takes no time in, eying the outline of him. Amazed a man could be as huge as he is, as her eyes dilate with desire and need and her chest quickens with the need for air. Her insides clench with contractions, causing more juice to roll down her inner thighs. He has been watching her ever since she ran her hand over his arm and muscles, clenching his jaw as his body reacted with a swiftness he did not know he could. He groans low in his throat when he sees her eyes become dilated with need, as his eyes move lower to her nipples he sees the hard points, straining under her tube top. He can smell her musky, sweaty scent, as he inhales deeply he slowly places the weights up not wanting to disturb her at all. He grabs his towel, wiping his face off. Then leaning up he grabs her, pulling her down to sit astride him as he demands a kiss from her lips. Both groaned low in their throat, as they ravish each others mouth. She rotates her hips to get closer, feeling him against her through her shorts. He holds on to her hair, moving his hands up, running through her hair before grabbing a handful in his fist, as he aligns her mouth to his, kissing her much deeper. She tastes just like peppermint which he loves the taste of. He runs his tongue on the walls of her teeth and the interior of her mouth, losing himself in the taste that was her. 

She could not move her head if she had to. She wanted him to hold her tightly almost crushing her against him. She knew he was strong and she could feel his strength as he held her in this position. He slid one of his hands down over her breast, pinching her nipple hard, causing a moan to erupt from her as he runs his other hand down to her thighs, sliding up to get between her legs, pulling her shorts aside slowly bringing his fingers within reach of her lips. Suddenly he thrusts them deeply in, groaning as his cock, engorges more with his need for her. She whimpers when he pulls himself away. He reaches down to grab his shorts, pushing them down quickly to remove his cock. He glides his cock along her open slit, soaking the head in her juice, growling as he leans in to lick on her neck. Is this what you wanted, My hard throbbing cock?. He asks as he slides deep inside her with one quick thrust. He resumes the kiss, as he wraps his free hand around her neck to tighten it, tugging her closer than she already was. He uses his tongue to rape her mouth, as she groans out her need in his. 

He grabs her hair, bringing her even closer to him as they move together. They moan in unison with each forceful thrust inside her hot steamy pussy with the smell of musky sex surrounding them. She arches her back, screaming out as she presses her hard nipples into his chest with her body shaking from the orgasm, tearing through her like a run away train, barreling at top speed. He grunts as he waits for her orgasm to subside, withdrawing his cock from her he yanks her up and turns her around to bend her over the bench of the workout machine. He places his fingers around her neck again, as he takes his knee, spreading her legs wide open for him, pushing down on her upper back to get her on her elbows. She feels her ass being spread and the head of his cock sliding down from her ass to her open lips, sliding deep inside. 

He presses down on her back tightly with his other hand, as he tightens his fingers around her neck. She likes the feel of his strong body holding her so firmly. She feels as if they are one complete being. She feels his body tense up to slam harshly into hers, as she feels him rise up on his toes for that final thrust, exploding deep inside of her. He bellows loud as he keeps forcefully thrusting into her until his own orgasm starts subsiding. She loves the sounds a man makes when he looses the control he tries to keep reined in during sex. It unleashes a raw power inside her mind, heightening the sexual experience she so craves all the time. He leans against her as his body still has after shocks from the orgasm they both ended up having. He wants to have her restrained in cuffs with ankle cuffs spread on his or her bed, begging him to take her over the edge again and again. He will have her like that very soon he thought, as he went back to working out. Caria gasped as she came back to realize she was still straddled on the work bench.

She Looked around, feeling like something was out of place but not knowing what. She noticed no one was there but the two of them and he was looking at her with a smile fixed upon his face as he winked, mouthing the word Soon to her as she watched him walk to the back. She could not figure out what just happened to her or her mind. She soon gathered her belongings to leave, taking her time still puzzled. Did she just have a day dream about it or did it happen? She felt so different but not in a bad way a good way actually. She did not know what she was feeling, sitting in the car getting ready to back out but before she did she reached down with her hand to touch herself, placing her palm against her pussy, gasping as she feels all the cum in between her thighs. 

What have I done? She thought. She felt as if it is a fantasy that just came to life and she was the main character that walked out of it, feeling her stomach roll she hurriedly took some deep breaths to help settle it. She backs out slowly to drive home. So distracted with her thoughts on the drive she did not see the Patrol car come up behind her with his lights on. She just happened to look in her rear view mirror to see those lights, grimacing as she drives into the parking lot of a near by store where a lot of people would see her with the cop.

She rolled down her window, staying seated until she could ask what was wrong. She could see long legs in her side mirror, walking toward her as her heart picks up speed, making her grip the steering wheel in a nervous gesture. She watches those legs walk up next to her window. She looked up from his knees to the light flashing in her face, Blinking and trying to stop the light from blinding her, she hears a voice saying License and registration Please. Can I ask why I was stopped sir? Speeding Ma'am. She could not answer since she probably had been speeding.

He reached for her cards when she handed them to him. There was a slight pause, as he bent to look at her through the window, causing her to jump and stare incredibly at the cop. She read his badge name of Officer Mitchell. It was him. She swallowed hard, gripping the steering wheel, holding on as if it would save her. He watched her actions and knew he flustered her greatly, smirking slightly. She knew every single angle of his face. It was engraved in her mind since the gym. Well if she was honest a long time ago actually. He has a classic Italian look with tan skin, and his eyes were the kicker for her, green as the summer grass. She sighed softly, as she looked at the sharp angles and smooth skin with just a whisper of a five o'clock shadow on his chin. She itched to run her hands on his face. But instead gripped the steering wheel tighter.

He could see the different changes moving over her face from desire to hardness. He smiled and she lost it, dropping her head against the steering wheel groaning. He has perfect white teeth that she could see biting her skin and smiling up at her from his lower position on her body. She was losing this battle with her body and she did not know what to do but sit and groan. She finally lifts her head to look in his eyes again. He backs up opening her door. Get out of the car. this is what she did not want to do, considering he is a cop she gets out to stand by the door, standing in her shorts which were soaked from earlier this evening and they were sticking to her thighs with more cum leaking from them. 

She shivers as she stands with her head down embarrassed to be standing like this in his path. He places his finger under her chin, bringing her head up to look at him. She watches, as his nose flares, breathing in deeply. She knows he can smell the sex and arousal of her body. He steps up very close to her whispering in her ear as he bites down on it,I told you soon today and that time is now. I have your address and this is what you will do. I want you to get clean and showered for me. Await for me on your bed spread eagle and naked. I will punish you should this not be done. She trembles unable to answer him right away when she suddenly feels a hard stinging slap on her ass cheek, making her jump, looking up at him. Yes, I understand Sir. "That is better" he says. One hour Caria no more. She nods as he opens her door for her to get back in the car. He hands her driver license and Insurance cards back. She holds them to her tightly before, putting them back in her wallet.

Pulling into her driveway fifteen minutes later, realizing she has only forty-five minutes left to get ready. She stops when she sees her self in the mirror, looking herself over, as she shakes her head and just gets things done to be ready. She leaves the front door unlocked so he can walk in to the house, as she lights a candle in the bedroom to draw his attention to the room. She dried her body and then applied her favorite perfume on when he wraps his arms around her waist from behind, walking with her to the bed. He feels the shivers travel down her body from the effect of his voice in which he did enjoy so much. She squeezed his arms, nodding yes, as she walked to the bed to lay down on it, knowing that is where he wanted her to be. He Smiled softly when she laid down reading him very well.

He walked over to where he had a bag. She shivered in unsure awareness of what he was reaching for until he pulled out rope,causing her to sigh in relief. He walks over to her, grabbing her by her hair, pulling her to a sitting position, bringing her arms behind her as he ties her arms with the rope, moving it down to tie her ankles together. He then brings more rope over after walking back to the bag. He intertwines the rope around her body to cross over her breasts, ending at her neck. He whispers in her ear: this rope will tighten itself if you should start struggling against it. She trembles as icy fingers of excitement rushes to pulse upon her clit, allowing her wetness to drip and run down to her ass. 

He growls as her musky scent hits his nose in a sudden rush of her arousal. He rubs his cock, as he walks back to place the bag on the chair in the room to return swiftly not wanting to be away from her if he had to. He stands in front of her getting more aroused from her being tied as she was and seeing the wetness thick upon her inner thighs, causing him to growl low in his throat, as he starts taking off his police uniform. She watches as he unbuttons his outer shirt and his tee shirt, causing her to gasp with the site of the smooth lines of his chest with his muscles standing out to her for her eyes to devour them. He was broad across the shoulders with a small amount of dark chest hair, as her eyes continued to move down to where she can see the start of his six pack stomach which made her wish she could rub her face against and inhale his scent deep inside her lungs.

He must have seen something within her face, as he moved closer to her looking down at her, smirking I want you to take my pants off of me. She looks at him nodding her head yes afraid if she spoke she would not be able to. She Reaches up with her hands to his button on his pants easily placing her hands under them and around his hips, easing them down, as she leans in closer she can not help but place her face against him, rubbing upon him like a cats master who just came home needing to be petted. He groans deep, as she rubs her face upon him and his stomach. He reaches down, holding her head against him, breathing in deeply her perfume. He pulls her away from him by her hair, standing her up, pushing her face down upon the bed. "I'm gong to take you and make you mine," as he slaps her hard across each cheek, bringing a cry from her beautiful red lips as he leans his body upon her backside to grind his hips into her pussy, biting her neck gently he continues: "Your neck and pussy, your shoulders and back, all this and more belongs to me little girl." 

He gets up off of her to sit in the chair so he can run his hands through his bag, withdrawing the leather straps buckled to ankle cuffs, matching the ones he will replace the rope with on her wrists. He watches her body tremble as she awaits for it, knowing what is to come and wanting it desperately. He gets up, moving to the bed slowly watching, as she spreads her legs wide for him voluntarily before even having to spread her himself. He looks between her legs to see that she is shining with wetness from all the anticipation and the power that he is feeling and directing it to her. He leans down, placing his lips lightly upon hers, moving them back and forth to get a good feel of her lips beneath his. He leans up to smile, looking down at her upon her bed, waiting for him to do as he pleases with her. He shudders from the power he has, laying aside the material upon the bed he grabs one of her legs, bringing her foot to him, running his tongue over the top of her foot, as he places the cuffs upon her ankle. He reaches for her other foot, treating that foot with the same, attaching the buckles to the restraints to the foot board of the bed. He runs his fingers up from her calf to her thigh, moaning from the sensations he feels, as his fingers caress her skin. He knows she needs his touch just the way he needs her to touch him, and to finally let go and be touched. She looks at him and smiles with her eyes shining in adoration of love for him, as she looks into his eyes to see the same thing in his. It seems both of their eyes were mirroring each others. 

The touch of his hand upon her he feels her inside of him and on his skin. All he can think of, as he runs his hands more upon her body is how he must touch more of her, taste her, pleasure her, tease her, make her beg. Even then, he will want more of her, as her hunger will grow deeper and more meaningful between them. He looks at her with a devilish grin on his face, as he leans closer grabbing her hair raising her body to his. He sees the flame within hers eyes before he wraps the blindfold around her head watching her eyes relax in total trust for him, as he eases it over her to shut her in darkness and lays her back against the bed pillow, admiring her trust in him. He backs away from her speaking to her in a gentle but firm voice telling her. I am here, I will protect you, touch you and teach you to love the pleasure and pain I will be giving. 

He runs his hands up her thighs feeling the same trembles in his body as she feels them run over her skin. He runs his fingers further up her thigh to feel the wetness there he has been smelling ever since he started all of this with her.He places his fingers closer to her lips, Groaning as he feels the same need she is experiencing the closer he drags his fingers further up to run them across her lips getting them wet from her juice. His thighs quiver as his need starts rising, making him grunt. He stands back just watching her, taking in his handiwork. He takes a slow drink of water, bringing it with him over to the bed, telling her to open her mouth while he turns her head. He places the straw to her mouth so she can drink some water. She does not forget to thank him for the water. 

Your very welcome little girl. He gets a piece of ice placing it upon her nipple, eying her as she hisses through her teeth. He smiles as her nipple gets completely hard and red from the ice. He moves it to the other nipple to hear her intake air through her teeth again. They both love it when he does things to cause a huge amount of pleasure to each other and have it drawn out in a long period of time, causing both of them to lose control, behaving animalistic in the act of sexual pleasure. 

He places his fingers along side her nipple gently, rubbing across and around to encircle the tip. She bites her lower lip moaning only to scream out from him suddenly, pinching her nipple hard as he can, pulling on them to lift them off her chest. He listens as her moans become growling sounds, as he places the clamp on her nipple, tightening it then moving to the other nipple to do the same to it. He growls deeply in his throat when he runs his fingers again between her thighs feeling the wetness she has dripped from his touches. He lowers his body between her thighs, smelling and licking on her thighs, as he bites down to leave his mark upon her body, as his hand moves up her thigh to find her heat, and her slick pussy, as he thrusts a finger inside. He places another finger inside of her pushing them in and out deeply, continuing to add a finger until he has all four inside of her, as he watches, licking the juice flowing from inside of her. She bucks against his hand moaning and whimpering from how much it hurts, yet feel so good she gets lost in the pleasure of it all. 

He knows how much she can withstand and he proves it by adding his thumb into her pussy,watching as it slides right in, opening wide for him. His cock reacts by twitching under him, needing to be buried deep inside of her. He eases up as he feels her body trembling ready for orgasm. She whimpers when he pulls from inside her, waiting for her to relax as he rubs his fingers lightly up and down her pussy lips. He hears her breathing settling down, knowing she thinks the worst is over. She thinks he will stop for awhile when he brings his hand back and re inserts his fist inside of her, widening her more than she was. She has relaxed so much that he was able to get his fist inside her all at one time instead of by individual finger insertion. He moves his fist within her tight sheath slowly and gently, as he turns her over to where her ass is in his face and his fist is still inside of her. He nibbles on her ass cheeks then bites down, leaving his mark upon her, as he brings her body up to have her ass higher in the air with his hand still deep inside of her pussy.
