 Untitled 1

She groaned as he tongued her belly button. Her nipples still tingled, even though it had been minutes since he had stopped sucking on them to kiss his way down her tummy. She wondered how long it would take him to reach her pussy. She wasn't sure she could wait much longer. 

God, she wanted to feel his mouth on her pussy. She knew that her lips were swollen and that she was wet. Soon, she prayed. Let it be soon. 

His mustache and goatee tickled her bare skin as he moved lower. He licked the smooth skin above her pussy and she moaned and spread her legs. He was so close now. 

He kissed her inner thigh next to her pussy. She spread her legs a little more and her moist lips parted. She felt the tip of his tongue barely touching her skin as he licked all around her pussy. She was trembling in anticipation now. It couldn't be much longer, could it? She hoped not. 

She looked down as she realized that he was no longer licking her. He was looking up at her. She looked into his adoring brown eyes for a moment and then whispered, "Please. Oh, please." 

He smiled at her and then bent back down and with just the tip of his tongue he licked her pussy from the bottom up to her clit. She shuddered and groaned. Finally. 

He sucked on her swollen lips, pulling on them gently. When they slipped from his mouth, she felt him place his hands on either side of her pussy. With his thumbs, he spread her lips and then pushed his tongue into her. She moaned and arched her back. 

He pushed his tongue firmly against her pussy and licked her several times. She could tell when he really started concentrating on what he was doing. She smiled as she remembered the time that she had told him that he gave great head. He had laughed and told her his 'secret.' He told her that he 'wrote' the alphabet on her pussy with his tongue. He explained that it took a long time and that he just briefly touched her clit every now and then. 

She groaned again. She didn't care how he did it, just as long as he kept doing it. 

She was getting close now. Her body trembled and she arched her back to push her pussy harder against his tongue. He responded by pushing his tongue into her. She gasped and clutched at the sheets. She felt his tongue move rapidly around her clit in little circles; close, but not actually touching it. 

She cried out as she came. He kept licking her, gently now. He sucked on her lips again as she trembled. He kept licking her and then slipped a finger into her pussy. She groaned and pushed up against his hand. He lightly kissed her clit and slipped another finger into her. 

Little cries of pleasure escaped her. It felt so good. He pushed his tongue against her clit and slipped a third finger into her. She arched her back, desperate for him to finger fuck her. His fingers plunged in and out of her dripping pussy. She was close to coming again. 

He fingered her faster now. Her pussy made wet sounds as he did her. She felt him turn his hand and then his thumb was rubbing her clit. That pushed her over the edge and she screamed as she came and collapsed on the bed, exhausted. 

*

Untitled 2

She lay there, trying to catch her breath, as he kissed his way up her body. When he kissed her hard little nipple, she moaned. When he sucked on it, she groaned. When he bit it, she gasped. 

He kissed her mouth and she pushed her tongue into his. She could taste her pussy on his lips as she kissed him back hungrily. Tasting herself turned her on even more. She put her hands on his head and kissed him all around his mouth, trying to get every drop of her juices. 

She felt his hard cock press against her pussy. She wanted to feel him inside her. She needed him inside her. She felt him take his cock in his hand and rub the head between her engorged lips. He raised himself up over her and she looked into his eyes. 

As his cock slipped into her, she groaned and arched her back to meet his thrust. He held himself there for a moment, deep inside her. Then, he started to fuck her. Long, slow strokes. He would pull out until just the head of his cock was inside her before sliding back into her. 

She spread her legs as wide as she could, wanting him in her deeper. He moved his arms from her side one at a time and she lifted her legs. He trapped her legs inside her arms, lifting her ass up, exposing her pussy to his thrusts. She couldn't move. 

Slowly he picked up the pace, fucking a little harder and faster. She closed her eyes as he pounded her, giving into the pleasure. 

His balls slapped against her wetly. She was so wet. Moans and cries of pleasure escaped her. It felt so good to get fucked. He had been gentle as he ate her, but there was no gentleness in his movements now. 

She felt her orgasm building in her. Her pussy quivered around his cock and she tried to push up to meet him, but she couldn't move. She groaned and she felt him fuck her harder. 

Her pussy clamped down on his cock and she cried out as she came. His cock drove into her, carrying her on waves of pleasure. He slowed his thrusts slightly as she came. 

"Oh, God. Oh, God," she gasped. 

Her whole being centered on his cock in her pussy. She came again and this time she screamed. 

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," she chanted over and over. 

He let go of her legs and she wrapped them around him. She opened her eyes and looked into his. He was fucking her slower now, but he was still fucking her. She tightened her legs around him, pulling him into her. 

"Come in me," she whispered. 

He smiled at her. She reached up and pinched his nipples. He gasped and slammed his cock into her. She did it again and he groaned and slammed into her again. 

She knew he was close to coming and the thought of his come shooting into her made her moan. Her pussy tightened around his cock and he moaned as he came inside her. Feeling his cock jerk inside her, she came again. He collapsed on top of her, his cock deep inside her. They lay there, together, exhausted and sated.