 The girl sat next to me she was silent now, the tears of fear were gone. She fidgeted in the front seat of my car. Her short skirt kept riding up on her and she was pulling them down on a regular basis.

I had caught her doing drugs. She knew there was no way out for her. I was a cop, that was bad enough but I was also a good friend of her father. A prominent judge. She was 18 now I had watched her grow up from the age of 9. Since I was once a bailiff in her father’s courtroom. I had moved up from that duty and was now a detective. We had run a drug bust at a local dealer’s house. I was shocked to see her there. Not nearly as shocked as she was when I kicked in the door and caught her sucking off the guy we were looking for. I had to take a step back when I saw her. She instantly began to cry. As agents and cops swarmed the place, arresting the lot and sticking them in the truck, I quietly walked Ann out to my car, she was cuffed to begin with but I took them off shortly after we left the scene.

“So what are you going to do?” She asked me when we drove by the station.

“I don’t know I am making this up as I go.” I said angrily.

“Won’t you get in to trouble if you don’t take me in?” She asked shyly not really suggesting and not wanting to remind me that what I was doing was wrong.

“It could cost me my badge. More than likely a suspension with loss of rank.” I said thinking of all the things that could happen to me. None of them good, all the hard work I had put in was probably going down the tubes.

“Thank you.” She said meekly. I coughed up a laugh.

“Don’t think for one minute young lady I am doing this for you!” I said with exasperation in my voice.

“Then why?” She asked looking at me with tears in her eyes.

“I owe your father more than I can ever re-pay. If this keeps him in line for his federal judge seat, well then it is worth whatever they do to me.” She bowed her head.

“So you are going to tell him?” She whispered her tears falling again from her eyes onto her hands that were folded in her lap. I looked at her in disbelief. We were at a red light waiting for it to change.

“Yea! I would say that is a safe bet!” I said laughing at her for thinking I wouldn’t. It was more of a frustrated laugh. I truly didn’t want to tell but I cared for her father, he was a good man. I also cared for her. I was 21 when we first met, I watched her grow into the woman seated next to me. I remember running checks on her boyfriends for her father, quietly of course. I remember going to basketball games she cheered in. I cared for her. I never knew the deepness of my feelings for her until I saw her on her knees that day. Her hand wrapped around that man’s shaft, her face reddened with passion and heat as her head bobbed on his cock as her hand worked the bottom of his shaft. When our eyes locked after I kicked in the door, gun drawn, rage filled them then jealously replaced it. It was all I could do to keep from beating the man.

“Any way I can convince you not too?” She asked when the light turned green and I went back to driving. I slowly turned my head to look at her. Her tear streaked face turned to me. Her blue eyes glittering with tears. She was truly scared. I reached out with my right hand and cupped her face. My thumb brushed the tears from her cheek.

“I can’t. I am sorry but your father needs to know. What kind of friend would I be if I betrayed him?” I was torn! Her eyes pleaded for my help, me with my morals defying what my heart wanted. I took my hand from her face and she began to cry again.

“They will never let me go to Florida State for sure now.” She cried. “They will make me go to State College here in town now. It only took me this entire senior year to convince them to trust me!” She was trying to convince me.

“I guess they were right not to trust you.” The statement hurt to say. An acid on my tongue. It was a bomb to her as she began to sob. We were silent the rest of the way out of town to her house. A sprawling home with six bedrooms, billiard room and more room than most police stations I was in. I had spent some time there early in my career, renting the guesthouse out behind the enormous structure. I moved out later when I was on my feet and began to make more money as a detective.

We went in but no one was home. It was getting late and they would be home before too long. Ann collapsed on the couch in the family room as I took to one of the soft chairs across from her. We were silent. She was shamed and now she would be trapped here for another four years until she finished her college. We sat silent the only sound was the tick-tock of the antique grandfather clock in the room. After about 20 minutes she got up and started toward the staircase.

“If you are thinking about leaving, don’t.” I said not looking at her. She stopped and with her back to me said,

“Would you believe I wasn’t there for drugs?”

“No.” Was my short hard reply. She shook her head and came back to me and kneeled at my feet. I slowly looked to her. Her eyes pleading for help.

“I was there for a friend.” She said not turning away.

“Looked to me like you found one.” The words slapped her harder than I could have with my own hand. She winced at them.

“I was there for Joyce.” She said regaining her composure.

“Joyce wasn’t there.”

“I know, Joyce owed Jimmy money. I was there to pay him.” I looked at her in shock.

“No not like that!” She pulled out a wad of cash and handed it to me. 

“Why didn’t she pay him?” I asked. I wanted to believe her, I was begging in my mind for her to be half the litigator her father was and to sway me as I was a jury.

“Well, he beat her up really bad. She was afraid. I was just supposed to pay him and leave.” She said looking into my eyes again. I shook my head in disbelief.

“That doesn’t explain why I found you the way I did.” I said delicately.

“When I got there he told me it wasn’t enough. He said he added interest. I told him I would get more, but he said no. It had to be paid then and there. He gave me options. That was the best of the three.” She looked to the floor shamed.

“I don’t know.” I said wanting to believe. Jimmy had a reputation for doing just what she had described.

“Have I ever lied to you?” With that she I felt the last of the air leave me. She hadn’t to my knowledge. I was the one she confided in when she did a shoplifting as a dare. I was the one she called when a guy she really liked wanted to go farther than she did up at lover’s lane. He had dumped her up there and she walked two miles to a phone. She told me everything about what happened.

“You said you would do anything for a friend. You are putting you whole life on the line for my father. Do you think you are the only person who would do anything for a friend? Are you the only one who knows of loyalty?” Damn she was good. I let out a small smile of approval. She saw it and smiled back a little.

“Are we friends?” I asked her.

“More than you know.” She looked away.

“You are telling me the truth then? Because you know I can find out.” She looked at me. Her eyes strong.

“I have never and will never lie to you.” Her eyes never wavered.

“I believe you. But your father still needs to be told. There were reporters there. He needs to be prepared if someone asks.” I said.

“Let me tell him then. I will of course leave out the part of how you found me.” She said. I stood, she sat there on her knees. “Tell him tonight. Have him call me and talk to me after. Don’t make me tell him tomorrow. Because I won’t change anything!” She looked up at me then nodded. I left her there crying on the floor as I left for the station. No one asked about my prisoner. I pulled Jimmy into the interrogation room.

“Who was the girl I found you with?” I asked point blank before he had a chance to sit.

“I want my lawyer!” He began to sit down in a chair, but I ripped it out from under him, he fell to the floor and gave a curse, my foot went across his face pushing it to the floor.

“Who was she?” I asked again.

“Just some bitch who owed me money, she was short on cash so she made up for in services!” He said clawing at my foot.

“SHE owed you money?” I stressed.

“Well no, her friend did.” I pulled my foot off and left the room. I made my way out of the station and went home.

I heard a soft knock on the door shortly after nine. I was watching a ball game and barely heard it. Ann was at the door she had been crying.

“Don’t you dare tell me you didn’t tell him!” I began. She held up an envelope with her father’s handwriting. I took it from her and stood to the side so she could enter. She shook off her coat and threw it to a chair. She had showered recently and the smell of strawberries filled the room.

“What did he say?” I asked her.

“He didn’t say anything, he said he was too mad to think. Told me to get out of his sight, he was too mad to even look at me. I heard him and mom yelling for over an hour. She came up and gave me the keys to her car and that letter and told me to give it to you. She also said not to come back until she has called.” I nodded.

“What about school?” She shook her head.

“I don’t know.” She turned to me and we were so close I could inhale her perfume. It was alluring. She looked up at me.

“I want to thank you.” She said looking up holding my gaze.

“For what?” I asked.

“For believing.” With that she gave me a light kiss on the lips. A kiss that made my knees weak.

“You’re welcome.” I didn’t tell her I checked out her story. No need to spoil the moment.

“No, thank you!” She placed a deeper kiss, this one with lips slightly spread. Her tongue touching my lips, causing them to open. Her tongue slipped in. I could taste her. The kiss deepened as my body began to respond. My mind raced! Finally I pushed her gently away. Her lips flushed from the passion in our kiss.

“You don’t have to do that!” I said turning away from her embarrassed at my erection. I turned to flip the TV off. She moved in behind me and turned me around.

“I want to!” She pressed into me and I know she felt me. “After you left I spent the better part of the afternoon thinking. And the only thing I could think of was the look on your face when you saw me there. It was the same look you had when I told you what happened two years ago at lover’s point. The look of jealously.” I lost my breath.

“I don’t think…” She cut me off with a finger to my lips.

“It is ok, I know how you felt. Didn’t you see the way I looked at you when you brought that woman to the Christmas party? I have cared for you for so long, but I never thought you would ever care for a ‘little girl’ but you do. I know it now.” She began to walk away from me, towards the bedroom. She looked back one last time her eyes inviting as she worked the buttons on her shirt. She disappeared around the corner. My heart beat like a jackhammer in my chest. My heart fell for her completely then and there. 

I followed her into the bedroom, I saw her discarded shirt on the floor in the hallway. The bedroom light clicked on I continued on, her pants were on the floor just inside the doorway. She stood at the side of the bed pulling back the covers. She stood in a blue matching panty-bra set. She looked back at me. She stood and I drank in her beauty. Her blonde hair back in a ponytail. Her tanned skin perfect. Her breast lifting quietly with each breath. Her flat stomach chiseled from her workouts, the lacy blue underwear that hugged her tight ass. I moved to her and brushed her arm with my fingertips. My hand burned from the heat her body was generating.

“Ann I don’t know about this, I want to but…” I was standing outside myself watching this man blubber in front of an angel.

“Shut up.” She said quietly. “I want this.” She placed a hard passionate kiss on me. The fire leapt from her lips and ignited me. I was consumed in seconds with uncontrolled passion! Our hands fumbled with my clothes, she took my gun from my belt and placed it on the nightstand. I pushed her to the bed and my body pressed against hers. Our lips met again and our tongues wrestled. Her breathing became erratic as her passion ate away at her. Mine slowed as I began to kiss down her body. My lips stopping at the clasp in the front of her bra. I undid it slowly as exposed her breast to me. They were small, firm and perfect! I slowly kissed each nipple taking turns on each one. I continued on, downward I went, across her flat stomach, slowly hooking her underwear with my fingers. I looked up at her, my eyes checking to see if she wanted to stop. She lifted her hips in response to my questioning eyes. I slipped them over her shapely hips, my eyes fell upon her love nest. It was neatly shaved into the shape of a “V” so that it would accommodate her bikini underwear. I slipped her underwear all the way off. I gently pushed her legs apart, she watched me with hunger in her eyes. I gave one last look before kissing her warmth. The dampness confirming her desire. 

A soft moan eased from her lips as she closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. Her hands pushed the back of my head her hips lifted as I pushed my tongue into her. The musky smell of her excitement was intoxicating as I brought my hands into play. I gently pulled her lips apart and exposed her to my hunger. I licked slowly and passionately. First darting in and out. Bringing sharp gasps from her on each entranced. I then sucked gently on her clit. She brought her hips up sharply. I continued to lick away at her. My tongue probing her, the heat her body was producing was that of a blast furnace.

Her fingers tightened in my hair as her hips began to meet my tongue. I slid my hands under her buttocks as I gripped the firmness of her ass cheeks one in each hand. I lifter and held her at the mercy of my tongue. She was silent now as I looked up at her, her face one of pure pleasure, it was bright crimson as her mouth was open emitting a silent scream, and her body was tense as a board. Each muscle staining against the skin holding it in place. Her voice finally emitted a primal scream as her body shook, and her juices flooded my mouth catching me off guard. 

For the first time in my sexual life I made a woman squirt her own cum as a man would, it came out in force and sprayed my face, coating it with a sticky residue as I continued to lick her. She was screaming with every gush, my tongue ached but I continued on. Finally her body collapsed her muscles twitching from the rigidity as her body rocked in orgasm. Now she lay there, panting, as I licked slowly, her breathing was deep and fast. Like that of a person deep in strenuous exercise. She gasped for breath. Slowly I made my way back up her body, lingering on her nipples once more, taut from the excitement of her orgasm. They stuck out hard, like small stones. I moved up and sucked and nipped at her neck, it turned red from it. 

Finally she grabbed my head and brought my lips to hers. Her tongue was wild and probing. Not gentle as before. It searched in utter abandon. As was mine. The room filled with the noise of our kisses. She rolled me over onto my back. She back off her kiss slowly, the look in her eyes was one of pure hunger! She rocked our hips rubbing her lips across my cock still covered with my underwear. It was no time before her heat and wetness had coated and soaked through them. She began to bite and nibble her way down, she was gentle yet passionate. She struggled to control herself, she got to my underwear and wasted no time, her primal passion not allowing for time, she ripped them down. 

My cock sprung to full view, she slowly wrapped her hand around it. It’s size not allowing her to grip it completely, she engulfed it as a starving man would a hot dog, she took as much as she could, and I was shocked at her ability. I looked down at her as she peered up at me with her baby blues. They were animalistic. I watched as she slowly began to move her tight lips around my shaft. She pulled her mouth almost completely off holding just my head inside her mouth as her tongue swirled around it. My cock glistened in the light from her saliva. 

Her eyes never left mine. I moved my hands to sides of her face and began to tug her upward, toward my face, she resisted at first allowing her mouth to come off only long enough to lick the entire shaft with her tongue. I finally coaxed her up to my face where we locked in another kiss, my mouth moving from her lips to her cheek, over to her ear and down to her neck.

I rolled over onto her, my legs forcing hers apart. I lowered my face to kiss her gently again, slowing the pace. If I had maintained my passion’s own breakneck speed I wouldn’t last more than 30 seconds inside of her. I pulled back from her and gently placed the purplish head at her entrance. I looked deep into her eyes and saw a little fear. I stopped a look of concern washed over my face. She read it perfectly.

“I’m ok!” She kissed me. Softly, with love.

“If we do this, things will be different.” I said. “I will stop if you want.” I gave her an out, but I hoped with all my being she wouldn’t take it.

“You would stop?” She asked her eyes tearing up “Even though I have you all worked up?” I nodded. She was going to stop now. I kicked myself for giving her the opportunity to stop.

“No I want this. I need this. I want you! But…” She kissed me again. “I have never had another. You will be my first.” She looked down as if she was embarrassed to say it. I tilted her head up.

“I will go slow.” She smiled and nodded. Slowly I moved within her, she closed her eyes and her mouth came open in a gasp as my cock filled her, slowly I pressed into her, her tight warm lips gripping my shaft as I entered her. I felt my head at her hymen. I paused. Her eyes opened with a flutter.

“If there was a way to do this without hurting you I would.” With that I eased passed her hymen. I felt it tear inch by inch. She closed her eyes and tears of pain were forced out. I kissed her lips capturing her cry of pain as I did so. I continued on slowly until I was fully in her. Her body was rigid beneath me. 

Fighting the pain that was burning in her love nest. Slowly she began to relax around my motionless cock. I watched her face, waiting for her before I moved on. Slowly she opened her eyes and locked with mine. There was pain in them, but I could see the passion still. She opened her legs farther hoping to alleviate the pain. She let out a deep breath, then nodded for me to continue. She winced again as I pulled slowly out, then pressed in again. I could tell the pain never really subsided but passion was beginning to overcome her as she began to lift her hips slightly to meet me. We got a slow rhythm going. 

And that was good, I would last longer if we went slower. It would allow me to enjoy her fully. I began to kiss her again and she devoured my tongue when it entered her mouth. My cock never pulled more than half way out and she began to gasp as I drove into her. Burying my cock in her each time. I did pick up the pace after about 20 minutes. Her body responded as well, her muscles were tightening again. She was close to another orgasm.

“Oh god you feel so good!” I said to her. “I will pull out when the time comes.” I assured her.

“You don’t have to I am ok.” She smiled up at me. Love exploded that night between us. I began to thrust faster now, her own body met mine and soon the room was filled with her cries of passion and pain and our bodies meeting. She came again her body stiff as a bord, no longer meeting my thrusts. She lifted off the bed forcing me higher, her mouth clamped on my shoulder as she screamed and bit. She fell back to the bed and I kissed her deeply.

“I’m going to cum!” I told her. I was still torn about whether I should pull out or not, she wrapped her arms around my back and kissed me again, and with her lips still pressed to mine she whispered.
