 Ann and I sat on the plane waiting for takeoff. She was looking out her first class window seat as I gripped the arms of my chair nervously.

“This is going to be so much fun!” She said excitedly as she turned to me from the window. I could only force a grin.

“What is the matter?” She asked, concern filling her voice as her hand touched my arm. I looked over at her and took a deep breath.

“I don’t like to fly, I thought I could handle this but now I am not so sure!” I said, my voice wavering as fear crept in.

“What is it? Are you afraid of heights?”

“No, I am afraid of crashing!” I said almost a little to loud to where an airline attendant overheard me.

“Is everything ok?” She asked standing next to me.

“He is just a little nervous.” Ann sat smiling at my vulnerability.

“Sir it will be fine!” The attendant assured. I gave her a hard look.

“Don’t tell me that, I have already fallen out of the sky once!” I bit, a little sharper than I wanted. The attendant grimaced and beat a hasty retreat.

“You have been in a plane crash?” Ann asked me softly. I struggled to regain my composure.

“No, it was a chopper.” I said feeling the plane begin to move, my eyes fluttered closed. 

“Do you want to talk about it?” Ann asked softly, soothingly.

“No.” I replied but she looked at me with such caring eyes that I melted. “It is deemed classified.” I began. She smiled as if I was joking, or maybe trying to save myself some embarrassment. “I won’t tell anyone!” She giggled.

“No you don’t understand. It is classified by the US Government.” The smile faded from her.

“I was in the Army, 101st Airborne. I was a Ranger on a recon mission into Iraq before the Gulf War. It was hush-hush stuff. The chopper I was on went down carrying six of us. Something went wrong and we crashed. I broke both my legs everyone else died. I spent the last 6 months of my hitch in rehab. Never went back even though I was given the clearance to do so. The army covered it up. They didn’t want anyone to know that we lost men in Iraqi territory before the war started.” I was quiet as the plane pulled into position for final take off procedures. Ann held my hand leaned over and whispered to me.

“Once we are in the air, I will make you more comfortable.” She smiled and kissed my hand. I could only nod as I felt the plane move forward gathering speed for take off.

I didn’t quite pass out but things became dark. Once we were airborne the flight smoothed out, my heart began to beat a little slower. I wiped the beads of sweat from my forehead. The fasten seat belt sign went off and the announcement was made that we could move around.

“Are you ready?” Ann asked me undoing her seat belt.

“Ready for what?” I asked nervously looking around us.

“Give me two minutes and come to the bathroom, knock three times.” She got up and left without another word. I watched her move forward to the bathrooms, and disappeared into one. I looked around and everyone was either reading or in conversation. After the two minutes specified, I made my way forward to the bathroom. I looked to everyone around me no one seemed to notice anything was amiss. I knocked three times and the sign signifying occupied switched to vacant. I opened the door and Ann was smiling big. I made my way in quickly, she took me into her arms and kissed me.

“I guess I don’t have to ask what you are up to?” I joked as Ann moved her lips down my neck. I began to pull her shirt over her head, she was wearing a white lacy bra today. I quickly started kissing her available skin. Her hands went down to my snap on my blue jeans and undid them. Next the zipper came down and she pushed them and my underwear down to my ankles. The close proximity of the room didn’t allow for much movement, so with my back pressed against the door and her back against the wall she went down to my now hardening cock. She quickly took it in, sucking it gently, coaxing it to its full length. I stood against the door, the heat from her lips seemingly burning through my skin on my cock. She stood quickly letting a soft “pop” sound emit as she pulled her mouth off my cock. We were moving at a frantic pace as she placed a deep kiss on my lips her fire raging out of control. I could begin to smell her excitement. She dropped her pants and stepped out of them. Her pants and panties were soon kicked out of the way. I pressed her into the wall with a thud and began to kiss her as my hands made my way down to her willing lips. I slowly slid a finger in, she gasped at the feel. With my thumb resting on her clit and my index finger in her I began to thrust with my finger and rub my thumb on her hardening clit. Within a few minutes her breathing became more gasps than breaths. Soft moans began to fill the small compartment.

Next door to Ann and me a woman in her mid forties was applying her make up when a thud caused her to jump and smear her work.

“Shit!” The woman said, as she was about to turn around and bang the wall. She began to hear soft moans through the thin wall. She placed her ear against the wall and listened. The paper-thin walls separating the two rooms barely blocked the sound of the room next to it. The woman allowed a grin to form on her face as she began to hear the unmistakable sounds of sex. She heard the soft gasps from the woman and the low encouragement from a deep male voice. Part of her wanted to move away from the wall, but she remained there. Ear pressed to the wall, she could hear scratching on the wall. Was this the woman’s nails scratching next door?

Ann ran her nails against the wall then reached forward and took my cock into her hand. She began to stroke.

“Oh god!” I moaned. Ann’s eyes were closed and her face was turning red with excitement. I placed another kiss on her lips and she began to eat and my lips and tongue hungrily. Her hips began to move into my hand humping it. I began to thrust faster, her hips bumping the wall slightly.

The woman next door began to hear a soft rhythmic thumping against the wall, another smile crossed her lips. She began to picture the action going on next door, her own body began to react to what was going on. She looked around the small room she was in and undid her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She slipped her hose and underwear off next and the formed a pile on the floor, she moved them out of the way. She put one foot on the toilet, she placed her finger in her mouth wetting it. She then moved it down to her shaved lips, slowly she slid it in, laying her head against the wall with a soft gasp. She could feel the movements of the occupants in the room next to her on her face as she began to move her finger in and out of wetting, warm lips. She brought her other hand into play as she began to rub her own clit as she fucked herself with her finger.

Ann could not hold back any longer as her body came with a gush. I continued to thrust my finger in her. Her sticky juice covered my hand. Finally her eyes opened as I moved in front of her and lifted her. She was light as a feather as her knees locked into the crook of my elbow and her body hung against mine. She locked her hands around my neck for more support and I pressed her against he wall. We maneuvered ourselves until my cock was lined up against her soft pussy lips, I pressed and they gave in willingly. I pressed her against the wall with my first full thrust. Slowly I began to withdraw and return with a deep press burying my cock in her again. She pulled my head down into her breasts and I began to suck on them she jerked her bra down revealing a nipple for my lips, I devoured it without question. Rolling the hardening bud in my mouth, my hips began to move on their own as Ann’s moans became louder with each thrust. She was struggling to remain quiet. As our bodies bumped softly against the wall we were pressed against.

The woman next door was gasping at her own ecstasy, as her body became more rigid as a mini orgasm washed over her. Her finger was fine but what she needed desperately, to give her the monster orgasm her body really wanted, was a good size cock! She looked around her as the sounds of lovemaking from next door became more prevalent. She looked through her purse and pulled her hard leather sunglass case out. She had bought it to keep her glasses from getting broken at the bottom of her purse. Now it would pull double duty. She put her foot back on the toilet, slowly she pushed the case against her outer lips, and she worked it back and forth coating it with her juices. The case was nine inches in length with a snap on cap, but it measured at least six inches around and was oval shaped. She began to work it into her. Gasping audibly as the large size of the case filled her. Soon she had a good four inches in her and began to thrust in and out with it. She smiled as she felt her body begin to respond to this “dick”. Ann lowered her head onto my shoulder as I began to thrust harder and faster into her. Her body was stiff, as she was about to let go of another orgasm. She began to kiss my face and then deeply kissed my lips her tongue shooting in and then I felt the vibrations of her scream of pleasure ripped through my mouth. It wasn’t very loud but it could be heard. For my part I never stopped thrusting and soon Ann was hanging there exhausted. I rammed my cock deep within her folds my own orgasm fast approaching. Ann began to rake her nails along my neck and chest leaving light red lines. As she became more aggressive with her lovemaking to me.

The woman next door heard Ann cum. The sound of another woman’s screams pushed her over the edge as she thrust the case viciously into herself. Her body convulsed as she was overcome by her orgasm. She covered her mouth with her own hand to keep the noise down, but she could not fully suppress the scream of passion as her cum leaked out around the case and dripped to the floor. The room filled with the sounds of her gushing wetness, and gave a soft slurping sound as she slowed the thrusting of her glass case.

I continued to press into Ann as she aggressively kissed and sucked on various parts on my face. My eyes, ears, and lips were fair game to her. I could feel her thrusting against me.

“Come on Mark, fuck me! Fuck me like a slut!” I cupped a firm ass cheek in each hand and pulled them apart, my finger made its way to her tight anus. She felt my probing and closed her eyes. I took some of her cum that was coating the area and ran my finger through it, getting some lubrication on it I went back to her tight ass. Slowly I worked a finger up to one knuckle. I could feel her ass cheeks tighten so I waited. I watched her facial expressions, I could feel my finger press against he soft skin separating my finger and cock. I continued to press my finger forward going up as far as our position would allow. Ann winced from time to time but began to enjoy the slight burn my finger was giving her.

“Oh god yes Mark that is it, fuck both my holes!” I began to get a rythym and slowly increased it.

“Oh yes! Do it!” She began to call out. The cum was building in my balls I could feel it. I started to use my finger in her ass to pull her to me, the sounds of our body slapping filled the room. I felt my cum move upward and with one final hard thrust I buried my cock deep within her and at the same time shoved my finger as far as I could. This motion caused Ann to yelp with both pain and pleasure. My cock bucked in her and she felt the movement and knew my cum was filling her body.

“Oh god that feels wonderful!” She said to me as she closed her lips tighter around my cock. We kissed deeply as I slowly moved my finger out of her and when it was finally out she winced a little.

“Never have had that before, felt kind of good!” She said placing her feet on the floor. We broke our embrace as Ann moved to sit on the toilet and let some of my cum fall out of her. She could feel the ooze and then it would splash gently. I stood there and watched her, as her breathing came back to her she reached out and tugged me toward her by my cock. She began to lick it clean a feeling that made my knees weaker than before. She looked up at me when she felt she had sufficiently cleaned it. She gently stroked it.

“Thanks for fulfilling a fantasy of mine. My girlfriends and I would watch X-rated movies and fantasize. This was one of mine.” She said reaching over to the toilet paper, she wiped the excess of cum off her lips and stood. She began to dress, as did I.

“Do you have others?” I asked when we were dressed. She kissed me. 

“Lots!” She laughed. “Now you go and I will be out in a moment.” I slipped out of the room.

The lady next door struggled to regain her breathing as she listened to the occupants next door. The soft sounds of a woman’s voice urging her lover on, begging him to treat her like a slut and fuck her. She smiled at the thought of telling a man that. She cleaned herself up and waited for the door next door to open and the occupants to leave. She didn’t want them to know she was listening in.

Outside the door a man was making his was to the bathroom as I was leaving. I panicked he would see Ann and know what was up! I held out my hand to him. And he stopped, he looked at me quizzically.

“Look you may not want to go in there. I must have eaten something bad because it tore my ass up! Literally!” I blurted the first thing that came to mind. The man nodded knowingly. “Yea I have had those myself! Thanks for the warning!” He made he way over to the other side of the plane to an available toilet there. I made my way back to my seat. I watched Ann come out, her faced was still flushed from the excitement. She looked around nervously, as did I. No one seemed to be aware of our actions. As she began to make her way toward me with a smile a woman came out of the toilet next to her. They looked to each other and both blushed and looked away. The woman was also flushed as if she had been excited. Had she heard us? I could feel the heat rise in my face as both Ann and the woman made there way back to their seats. Ann sat down next to me and kissed my arm.

“Do you think she heard us?” She whispered looking at the woman take her seat.

“Maybe, I don’t know.” Just then the woman looked back at us and gave a nervous smile.

“Yea she heard us, but by the look of her it appears she was taking care of business herself!” I said embarrassed that we had been overheard.

“Oh shit!” Ann laughed excitedly. I couldn’t help but smile myself.