 Her name was Stefani, she was a training advisor, and she was German.

That much I could tell that from the name badge she wore, with the picture of a German flag over in the corner.

And she was extremely pretty, beautiful in fact.

That much I could tell that by looking at her as she patiently filled in the form in front of her.

I watched as she filled in the answers I was giving her in her neat and tidy handwriting, my eyes drifting upwards from the paper to her face, and then downwards again.

Her blonde hair, though tied up in a pony tail high up on the back of her head, reached a long way down her back. With her hair, apart from a few loose strands, pulled back from her face, I could see just how beautiful her face was. Her eyes were blue, a deep glistening blue. Her nose was pert, with just a sprinkling of freckles, her mouth wide, her lips surprisingly full.

As my eyes drifted back down to the form, they paused at the open neck of her polo shirt, at the hint of her tanned breasts encased in her sports bra, at the hint of nipple against the white material.

"Sign here please," she told me, turning the form around to face me. It was the standard release form for guests at the hotel gym.

Her voice was husky, perhaps exaggerated by just a trace of an accent. She smiled at me for the first time, offering a glimpse of her perfectly white teeth.

I signed the form quickly, and spun it around, pushing it back across the counter to her.

"Thank you ... Simon," she said, pausing as she glanced down at my name on the form.

"No problem ... Stefani," I told her, grateful for her help, especially as when I had arrived she was about to close up.

She smiled that dazzling white smile again, and then turned to reach down a towel for me from the row of shelves behind her. I saw for the first time that she was wearing shorts, black and white checked shorts that were slung low on her waist and which barely reached beyond the soft curves of her ass.

As she reached up for my towel, as she seemed to reach up to a higher shelf than she perhaps needed to have done, my eyes wandered again, taking in how shapely her legs were. As she reached higher, her shorts tightened across her perfect ass. My eyes followed them as they rose up her legs slightly to reveal an arc of paler, softer flesh on one side.

Was it my imagination, or did she pause then, just for a second, perhaps knowing exactly where I as looking?

"I'm afraid we do close soon," she reminded me as she turned, and put the towel in front of me, "but I wouldn't mind a few minutes in the gym after I've locked up, if you don't mind me joining you."

I smiled and nodded in agreement, before heading for the changing rooms that Stefani had already pointed out. I undressed quickly, catching sight of myself in the mirror as I stood naked. At twenty eight, I still looked pretty good – even if my tan could do with a bit of a top up, which was one of reasons I was there, in Fuerteventura.

The other reason was that I needed a break, to unwind for a week or two – and this was what the travel agents had come up with at short notice. The only problem so far was that the flight had turned into a long delayed saga, so I'd turned up at the hotel hours late, which was why I was now in the hotel gym, just as it was about to close, hoping to get a few minutes on the machines to help me unwind.

I pulled my gym clothes on quickly, and headed back out. Stefani was already in the gym, working on one of the exercise bikes that stood in two rows along one side of the room. I joined her, climbing onto the bike opposite her and quickly making some changes to the settings. A few minutes later I could feel the tension being washed out of me as sweat began to pour from my body as I worked my muscles hard.

My tee shirt was soon clinging to me. Glancing up, I watched Stefani for a moment. Her shorts had ridden up, and I could see the taut muscles of her suntanned legs, the damp patches on her polo shirt. I took in the way her shirt now clung to her, hugging her breasts, the line of perspiration along her top lip.

She looked up and smiled, catching me looking at her intently. I looked down, fiddling with the settings again, suddenly nervous, conscious of her eyes on me. I shook my head, laughing silently at myself, at my sudden nervy shyness. I looked over at Stefani again as I heard her exercise bike slowing down. She eased to a stop as I watched her for a few moments.

Her chest was rising and falling as she caught her breath, her face flushed and damp with perspiration. She looked at me openly, her eyes raking over my face, then lower. I watched as she walked across the gym towards a matted area. Her shorts had ridden up, leaving part of a pale creamy cheek showing. I felt my cock lurch in my shorts as I watched her ass rocking from side to side. She did a few stretches, then grabbed a towel and wiped her face.

"I'm done now," she called across to me, "but I don't mind waiting if you want a bit longer."

"No," I told her hurriedly, "It's okay – a quick shower and I'll be out of your way."

"There's no rush," she smiled, "You should try a sauna as well, you'll enjoy it, I do."

I peeled my tee shirt off as I crossed the gym, using it to wipe my chest. I looked up and saw Stefani staring at me. She dropped her eyes quickly, and disappeared into the Ladies changing room when she saw me looking across at her. In my changing room, I undressed quickly, and headed for the showers, pausing to switch the Sauna on as I passed. Five minutes later, after a quick shower, I stepped into the sauna, a towel wrapped around my waist.

There were two wide benches in the sauna cabin. I splashed a little water onto the hot stones, and then stretched out on the higher bench, the towel still loosely tied around my waist. I laid on my back, my hands behind my head, my eyes shut as I felt the hot air washing over me.

"Do you mind if I join you? It was so quiet being on my own."

My eyes shot open and I half sat up at Stefani's voice. I hadn't even heard the door open, but there she was, stood in the doorway, a towel wrapped around her.

"No ... no ... of course not," I told her, trying desperately not to stare, not to let my imagination run away with me.

The towel was tied loosely around her, and she had her arm across her chest. I could just see the soft swell of the top of her breasts. The towel ended half way down her tanned thighs. In between, it clung lightly to her curves, to her hips and belly, to the curve of her waist and the swell of her breasts. Her shoulders were sprinkled with water were she had showered, while other drips of water followed the contours of her legs. Her hair was held on the top of her head by a clip, leaving her face and neck bare for me to stare at.

It took only a few seconds for me to take all this in, but even then I could feel my cock rising. I rolled quickly onto my front, just catching her knowing glance as she lay down on the lower bench. I rested my head on my arms, turning to face her as she lay down. She looked over as she settled down, the towel still around her. I couldn't help but look down at the way it followed the lines of her back, the swell of her ass.

We talked for a few minutes. Stefani asked me about myself, what I did, how long I was over for, all the usual things. I found out that she was working in the gym for the summer, before heading back home.

After a while she wriggled, and began tugging the edge of the towel from underneath herself.

"You don't mind do you? It's just that it feels so much more refreshing have the heat on you," she said, as she pulled the towel away from her back.

She stayed laying on her front, but now as I looked down I could see the graceful lines of her back, the notches of her spine as they headed downwards. I could see her taut, firm ass, the perfect rounds of her cheeks, the tight cleft between them. I could see the way her body pinched in at her waist, the way it flared out over her hips before tapering back into her long legs. Her skin looked smooth and tanned, her ass just slightly paler than the rest of her. 

I stifled a groan as my cock reacted to her, as I gazed at her gorgeous ass. 

"Are you sure you don't mind?" she asked a little too innocently.

We chatted some more, but I couldn't concentrate, my eyes constantly drifting down her body.

The heat built up in the sauna, and I could see the beads of perspiration forming on her back. I watched as one appeared on her shoulder, and then ran slowly onto her back and down her side. She wriggled, making her head more comfortable. She was lying facing me, her head on her arms. As she moved, she lifted herself up a little, just for a second, just long enough for me to catch a glimpse of her full breast.

My eyes travelled down her back again, watching another bead of perspiration, this one travelling down the line of her spine. My cock was painfully hard now, squashed between the wood slats of the bench and my body. I knew she was watching me, but I couldn't drag my eyes away from her – and couldn't help myself from reaching out to her.

I wriggled closer to the edge of the bench, and reached out to trace a line down her back with my finger tip. I ran my finger up and down her back, watching as she shivered with pleasure at my touch. I reached up to the side of her neck, running my fingers down her back, reaching lower, reaching towards the tight cleft between her perfectly rounded cheeks. She sighed, wriggling her ass as my fingers reached lower and lower each time they travelled down her back.

I twisted my body around, my towel getting looser, as I reached over to her ass, her back forgotten for the moment. Her eyes were closed, a faint smile on her face as she rested her head on her arms. Her back arched slightly as she pushed her ass up to meet my hands. I slid the flat of my hand over one cheek, and then the other, my cock rigid under my towel. Her legs moved apart as I slid my hand between them, rubbing my finger tip across her tight puckered hole.

She groaned as I cupped her pussy, her juices flooding onto my hand. And then I was inside her, one finger, then two, reaching inside her warm, wet pussy. We both groaned as I slid my fingers in and out of her, as she pushed back to meet my gentle thrusts, her breathing ragged by now. She opened her eyes and watched as I got up and climbed over her, my fingers never leaving her pussy as my towel fell away, freeing my cock. She watched, her eyes wide, as my long, hard cock bobbed up and down in front of me, as I dropped to my knees at her side.

Stefani's face was flushed now, flushed with the heat and with her, with our, desire. As I knelt by her side, by fingers fucking her hot and willing pussy, my cock jutted out in front of me. With my eyes locked on hers, I reached for my cock, stroking my thick shaft with one hand while I fingered her with the other.

I could feel her pussy tightening around my fingers with every thrust. She sighed and wriggled, her ass lifting into the air and pushing against me, as I rubbed her clit with my thumb. I moved faster, one hand a blur along my cock, the other fingering her deeply. She whimpered as her orgasm approached, her breathing harsh. She cried out, almost sobbing with pleasure, as her climax washed through her. She clenched her thighs together, capturing my fingers deep inside her, my hand crushed between her strong legs.

Her body tensed as her pleasure ran its course, then she sagged against the bench, relaxed. Her eyes flew open, staring at my cock inches from her face.

"Yes," she hissed, watching my hand intently.

I rose up on my knees beside her, stroking my cock frantically as my cum boiled in my tight sac. I cried out as I came, as my cum erupted from my cock. The first thick jet flew out and splattered on the wall beside Stefani, but then her hand was on my hip, twisting me towards her, sending the next spurts of cum onto her face and neck.

We laughed afterwards, perhaps at our release, perhaps nervously. Stefani wiped her face and neck with my towel, and then wriggled across the bench to make room for me beside her. Before I could join her, she told me to "Hang on" then watched as she got up, switched the heater off, and pushed the door of the sauna open. Until then, I hadn't realised just how hot it had become. As the cooler air from outside began to wash over us, Stefani came and laid back down, beckoning me to join her.

In those few seconds, as Stefani moved around, I drank in her nakedness, the sight of her flat tummy, her full, firm breasts, her wide, dark nipples. As she lay back down, I stretched out beside her. We both lay on our sides, facing each other, our heads propped up on a hand. I leant forward and kissed her for the first time.

Her lips were soft and moist. I felt her tongue flicking against my lips, then sliding along them. Our tongues caught each other, then danced across each other as our lips pressed together. I felt her hand moving between us, reaching for my cock. She gasped against my mouth as she touched me for the first time, as she felt my cock hardening again already. I reached for her, cupping one breast and then the other, rubbing her nipples with my thumbs.

I dipped my head, easing her backwards a little as I reached for her breasts, kissing first one nipple and then the other, drawing her swollen, sensitive flesh into my mouth. She groaned as my tongue swirled around her, as I sucked harder, drawing her rubbery nipple deeper into my mouth.

After a few minutes, Stefani pushed me onto my back, sliding her body along mine as we kissed again. She straddled me, her hair hanging around us like a veil as she shook it loose. I pulled her to me, kissing her hard as she pressed her body down onto mine, her breasts against my chest, her pussy against my cock. I reached for her ass, caressing her, pulling her to me as she ground her pussy against me. 

I slipped a finger between her cheeks, feeling the dampness where her juices had been flowing. I fingered her puckered hole, feeling her tense a little and then relax and sigh as my finger slipped inside her. She clung to me, her face buried in my neck as she rocked her body against me, her pussy sliding along my hard cock, catching her rubbery clit, my finger just a little way inside her ass, matching her movements. She came quickly, gasping for breath as her climax rocked her body.

She sagged against me, almost embarrassed at how easily she had cum. I held her tight, kissing her, knowing there was more, much more, to come.

After she had got her breath back, she kissed me, a long lingering kiss that in turn left me breathless. As soon as our lips parted, she moved, her body slithering sensually over mine as she turned around. She dropped her knees each side of my head, her breasts dragging across my belly. I groaned as I felt her mouth on my cock for the first time – and then again as she spread her legs further and lowered her pussy towards me.

For the first time I gazed up at her pussy. Her neatly trimmed blonde hair did little to hide the delights behind. I guessed her lips where normally pink, but now they were red and engorged, swollen with her desire. Her clit stood up like a little rubbery button, begging for attention. My eyes moved upwards, towards her tight pink rosebud. I reached around her to rest my hands on her ass, and to pull her onto my hungry mouth and tongue.

She eased down towards me, sighing as I ran my tongue over her clit, then down her pussy and onto her ass, kissing and licking. She rubbed herself against me as I poked at her ass with my tongue, then at her pussy, sucking on her lips before pulling her tight to me and plunging my tongue deep inside her.

Stefani's moans were muffled as she sucked my cock into her mouth. She had been licking along my shaft while I had been licking her pussy, but now the harder I sucked her, the harder she sucked me. She slipped her hand past my balls, feeling for my ass just as I was feeling for hers. Her head bobbed up and down on my cock, matching the rhythm of my hips, her body moving to match the thrusts of my tongue, my sucking. 

I eased a finger tip back into her ass, just as she did the same to me. The sauna was heavy with the smell and sounds of sex. My face was drenched with her sweet tasting juices as they flooded from her as her climax built.

She cried out as she came, pushing herself hard against my mouth and tongue, her body rocking wildly as she ground her pussy against my mouth. I thrust my hips upwards, driving my cock into her mouth. She sucked frantically as my cum poured from me, filling her mouth in several strong jets. She turned quickly and kissed me, pushing some of my cum into my mouth with her tongue as our mouths locked together, as she pressed herself against my cock.

We parted breathlessly. Stefani rolled off me and we lay side by side on the bench, catching our breath. We rolled onto our sides and held each other, talking quietly. It seemed like hours before we moved again, but it couldn't have been. Stefani got up, and I watched her ass rocking from side to side as she left the Sauna, coming back minutes later with a wet towel. I could see that she had already freshened up, and now she knelt beside me and washed the dry cum and juices from my cock, smiling to herself as I started to stiffen in her hand.

She lay back down beside me, and we kissed, her hand reaching down between us for my cock. She stroked and pulled on me, my cock reacting immediately. She took my hand and held it to her pussy, already wet with fresh juices.

She started to climb over me, to get off the bench, but I grabbed her hips and slid down between her legs as she knelt up to drive my tongue back into her pussy. When I let her go, she pulled me to my feet, and then led me by my cock from the Sauna and back into the gym.

The gym was in semi darkness, with just a few lights still on. There were no windows, so we couldn't be seen as Stefani led me across the room, stopping only when we reached a bench that was set up at right angles to the wall. It was padded, and must have been a foot or so wide, and five feet long - the first three feet or so were flat, after which it sloped away to the ground.

Stefani let go off my cock, and quickly laid down on the flat part of the bench. She stretched her arms out above her head and grabbed hold of the rail running along the wall. With her eyes on mine, she thrust her breasts upwards, her back arching. She pulled her knees slowly up towards her chest, showing me her pussy and her ass, her juices already running between them. Her eyes locked on mine.

"Fuck me ... now ... fuck me hard ..."

I groaned and stepped closer, my cock jutting out in front of me. She pulled her knees even higher as I leant over her, my cock brushing against her leg. She gasped as my cock touched her pussy, her juices hot against me.

Her eyes dropped to my cock as I hesitated, and then reached down to stroke along my own swollen shaft. I squeezed a drop of pre cum onto my cock head, then leant forward and rubbed it against her clit. She moaned, and pulled her knees even tighter to her chest as I rubbed my cock up and down her wanton slit, down from her clit, then onto to pussy, before pressing against her tight ass.

I slid my cock back upwards, teasing her, almost entering her but not quite, allowing no more than the tip of my cock inside her before rubbing up and down again. She was wriggling under me, demanding more, moaning, her body tensing as I rested my cock against her pussy. She pushed her hips towards me, her back arching. I moved forward, my hands on her hips, the tip of my cock rubbing between her wet lips.

And then I drove my cock deep into her.

Her pussy was tight – gloriously tight. She seemed to hold me, and then drag my cock into her body as her pussy moulded itself around every ridge, every vein, every contour of my throbbing cock. I held my cock deep inside her, holding her hips and pulling her onto me as her pussy squeezed and convulsed around me.
