 PRELUDE

Maxine was sitting in my office in a side chair next to my desk. She had fished my cock and balls out through the fly opening in my trousers. She had that daring look in her eyes and her visits to my office had become more frequent every time her boyfriend Steve was out of town. My cock was rock hard and she was petting it with her soft hand. Up and down the shaft and then over the soft spongy mushroom head. 

"You like petting my cock?"

"I love doing this. You are my pet cock. I like having your cock for my pet."

"Are you sure that you don't want to save this for later?"

"We can do later too. You always have plenty left for me."

She then leaned in and began to run her tongue up and down the shaft. When she got to the head, she swirled her tongue around the ridge. Precum emerged from the slit and she licked that up just before she covered my cock with her mouth. She could not deep throat my 7+" but easily managed to take 5" in her mouth. I would cum in her mouth as always bit not before she rode my cock to achieve her orgasm. 

"God, I always get so hot sucking your dick. I need to sit on it."

Maxine lifted her skirt and pulled her panties to the side. She straddled me and lowered her pussy onto my rod. She cooed as she slowly descended onto it and it filled her womb. Placing her head on my shoulder she bounced up and down pleasuring herself. I didn't move and I didn't have to do anything. I held to her waist until she climaxed then I put my arms around her and held her tight against my body.

"Oh, oh, here it is." She whispered harshly and then buried her face in my shoulder muffling her cries of ecstasy. 

We stayed together for several moments and then she eased off of my rock-hard pecker. This time she dropped to her knees in front of me and took my cock back in her mouth. Her oral skills were second to none and soon she had me ready to blow my load. I always warned her that I was close but the result was always the same. She stayed glued to my dick and swallowed every drop that spurted into her mouth. She continued to suck me until every drop was drained from my cock.

She took her mouth off of me, looked up with excitement in her eyes and smiled. Next, she stood up and kissed me driving her tongue into my mouth. It was her way of concluding the oral sex. I kissed her back as always as she wasn't the first woman to ever to that. She pulled her panties back into place, smoothed out her dress and asked.

"What time should I be at your condo tonight?"

"I'll be home by 7:00. Come by at 7:15."

"I'll be there. Should I bring anything?"

"Just your lovely body." 

She smiled and left my office. Maxine had become addicted to my cock ever since the time we had an unplanned threesome with her and Steve. Now when Steve was out of town, we carried on with a discreet affair.

HOW IT GOT STARTED

Steve was divorced when he began dating Maxine. I never understood what she saw in him because she was a blonde bombshell and Steve was a bit on the frumpy side. Steve and I worked in the same department at the company. Maxine worked for the same division but a different department. The three of us got along well and sometimes we double dated. Steve and I also played golf together in a Saturday foursome and also paired up in golf outings.

I was 28 years old, 6'!" and a fit 200 pounds. I worked out at the fitness center every morning before work. The center was only minutes from the office and it opened at 5:00 AM. By getting there early I missed the rush hour traffic which could get very ugly on some days. I was active in other sports as well and played tennis after work twice a week; took SCUBA diving and skiing vacations.

At 30 years old, Steve was 5'9" and his only activity was golf. He was good at it but it was his only fitness outlet besides fucking Maxine. He had a little paunch but he was not really fat. Still he didn't fit the bill of someone who Maxine would date. He did come from money and that may have played into it. 

Maxine was a lovely shapely blonde-haired woman of 26 years. She stood at 5'7'" and weighed a flattering 135 pounds. She worked out at the same fitness center doing aerobics two or three times a week. Her 36-28-36 figure was toned and firm. She wore her silky hair down to her shoulders and those baby blue eyes were seductive.

As much as I admired her and would jump in the sack with her in a New York second, I did not hit on her. One day Steve approached me with a very unusual request. He wanted me to take video of him and Maxine having sex. I was floored by the request and at first thought he was joking. When I realized that he was serious, I immediately agreed. I was anxious to see her naked.

So, the date was set for a Saturday evening. After golf and getting cleaned up at my condo, I went to Steve's place. We had a cookout, a few beers and then it was time to get down to business. I was still nervous but also anxious to see Maxine naked. Steve handed me a digital video camera and showed me how it worked. It was very simple and easy to use. They decided to do the video in the living room as it would give me more room to move around. They put a comforter on the floor and then they both stripped. Maxine was drop dead gorgeous and my cock stirred in my pants.

They started out in a 69 position with her on top and I was mesmerized by her fantastic ass. I had seen Steve naked in a locker room before but never with an erection. His dick was slender and probably around 5" long, maybe a smidge more. Maxine looked fantastic and I focused on her sucking cock and then moved around and got her sitting on Steve's face. Her ass was amazing and my cock was stiff.

She then turned around and straddled Steve and this time I got to video her great tits as she rode him. Now they were lost in the moment and they were focused on sex. I kept moving around videoing them from different angles. My iPhone was in my pocket and I just had to capture her lovely body. Holding the camera in one hand and my phone in the other I continued to video them. After a few minutes I put my phone away but I had what I wanted, great shots of her tits and ass. 

Maxine tensed up as she orgasmed and she fell forward onto Steve. I couldn't help it and I had to relieve myself. I freed my cock through the fly opening in my pants and started to masturbate. I held the video camera in my left hand and jerked off with my right. Steve was still thrusting up into Maxine and she slowly recovered from her first orgasm. For some reason she looked over at me and saw me stroking my dick. Her mouth opened as if to exclaim something but no sounds came out. She resumed fucking Steve with are renewed fervor driving him toward his release. 

"Oh Max, here it comes," he bellowed.

He flailed his hips briefly and then went limp under her. Obviously, he had cum. Not moving off of him, using her index finger she signaled me to come closer. As if in a trance, I walked toward her holding my erection in my hand. When I was very close she took my cock in her hand and stroked it. I could tell she was impressed with it. She pulled me closer and then took it in her mouth. Steve looked up and saw what was going on and he flipped out.

"Jesus Christ Walt, what the fuck?"

I didn't move and Maxine went right on sucking my dick. I still had the camera going but then shut it off. I tossed the camera on a nearby chair and watched the angelic face as it worked its magic on my cock. Steve was struggling to get out from under Maxine but she didn't move and squeezed him with her strong legs. 

"Stop it, both of you. This is not what you're here for Walt. Max stop sucking him."

She took my cock from her mouth to respond to Steve. "Oh, get over it. He has a beautiful cock, look at it, look how big it is."

I didn't like her mentioning my size as it seemed to put down Steve. However, I kept my mouth shut and enjoyed the blow job. Maxine then decided to take it to the next level.

"Walt, take off your clothes and lay down with us."

Not getting a reaction from Steve, I did as she said and lay down naked on my back. She straddled me and lowered her pussy onto my cock. She moaned softly as she slid down on the thick shaft. Steve now could move and he was angry.

"Max, I don't want you to fuck him."

"Oh, stop it. You have been dying to fuck me in the ass. Well tonight is the night. Go get the lube."

I saw the expression change on Steve's face as he hurriedly left the room. Apparently, he had been trying to get her to engage in anal sex but she had been putting him off. Now she was using her ass to win him over for a threesome. Steve back in short order and he had a tube of something. I couldn't see him from my position but I sensed that he was lubing her anus and his pecker. 

Looking over her shoulder, I saw him move closer and it was obvious he was entering her ass. I looked at her face and watched as she grimaced briefly and then relaxed. Steve began thrusting in and out and I drove up into her pussy. Her lovely tits bobbed in front of me so I reached up and fondled them. I tweaked her nipples and kissed her breasts. She was into it now and Steve was lost in her ass.

"Oh my God, it's been so long that I did this. I love it. I love two cocks in me."

Her eyes were glazed and she had a distorted look on her pretty face. I sensed that she was close to another orgasm and I was also close. My ball sac tightened and I unleashed a massive ejaculation in her womb. She was right behind me and her entire body shook and trembled as she had a massive orgasm. She collapsed on me and pressed her fantastic tits into my chest. Steve was still moving but I could tell that he was close too. Then he exploded in her ass and leaned over on top of her. I was on the bottom with the weight of two bodies on top of me.

Steve moved first and backed up. Maxine rolled off of me and flopped over on her back. Her gorgeous tits looked magnificent. My cock was still hard and I knew that that I could easily go again as I often came at least twice occasionally three times with the right woman. Steve looked chagrined and he spoke.

"Walt, please get dressed and leave."

There was really nothing to say, so I got up, got dressed and left the house. It had been a wild and unplanned encounter. As I drove home, I wondered where things would go from here. Maxine clearly enjoyed my cock and I had a feeling that she would want more. However, Steve was still my friend and I didn't know how that would turn out.

On Sunday, I got a call from Steve and I agreed to meet him for a drink. I knew that he had to attain some closure. We met at a bar with a patio and sat outside. We ordered our drinks and then talked.

"Walt, first of all, you cannot say anything to anyone about what happened last night."

"Have you ever heard me talk about any women and my sexual encounters?"

"No, I haven't. It probably wasn't necessary for me to say that. I trust you."

"Okay then."

"The other thing is that I don't want you to fuck Maxine again."

"I didn't come onto her, it just happened."

"I know but I'm traveling on this project a couple of days a week. I'm afraid that she may try to hit on you again."

"Don't worry, it was a one-time thing. She's your girl." 

"I appreciate that but I don't think it is wise to double date in the future either."

"That's your call." 

"I knew you would understand but I just had to get it off my chest."

We had a second drink and changed the topic. Later we parted ways and I headed home. I chilled out in the condo with a beer and turned on the TV to watch the golf tournament. Minutes later the phone rang and it was Barb my 36-year-old neighbor.

"Hi what are you up to?"

"Just watching the golf tournament, what's up?

"You I hope, I thought you might be thinking of me and jerking off."

"Now that you mention it, that's not a bad idea."

"I picked up Chinese food for dinner, want to come over?"

"Sure, I'll bring the wine."

"See you in a few."

That was typical Barb, when she got horny she wasn't shy about asking for it. She was an attractive flat chested blonde with a fantastic ass. Insatiable in bed she was one of the few women who enjoyed anal sex. She was also one of the very few who could take my cock in her ass. It would be another impromptu night of sex but one where the same routine was always repeated. I would take good care of her pussy first and then I would get to fuck that marvelous ass. It was perfect timing to get my mind off of what happened with Maxine.

UNRELENTING MAXINE

For over a week nothing was said about the encounter between the three of us. To be honest though I still had the image of Maxine's fabulous body in my mind and on my phone. However, I made no advances toward her and things seemed to be getting back to normal. On a Tuesday at about 11:00 AM, I received a visit from Maxine in my office. I knew Steve was out of town at one of our other sites. 

She entered my office and I admired her figure as she was wearing a short mini-skirt and her legs looked fantastic. I was surprised when she closed and locked my office door. Then she sat in the side chair next to my desk and crossed her gorgeous legs. There was ample thigh showing and I could see the elastic tops of her hose peeking out below the hem.

"So, what can I do for you, Maxine."

"I think you know. I have been thinking about your cock ever since that night. I bet you have been thinking about my body too."

"Max, you are drop dead gorgeous with a marvelous figure. I promised Steve that nothing else would happen."

"He doesn't have to know."

"But I will know."

"So, we can be discreet. We'll just get together when he's out of town."

"That a shitty thing to do."

"How do you think he got divorced, he was fucking around with me. Now let me enjoy you."

She reached for my fly and I remained still. She unzipped my fly and then fished my cock and balls out through the opening. She stroked my rod and it sprung to life. There was no way I could turn down this gorgeous woman and I let her have her way. She played with my cock and licked the pre-cum from the slit. It turned her on and she needed to cum. 

Maxine stood up and pulled her mini skirt up to her waist, moved the panties to the side and straddled me while I remained in my executive chair. I held onto her shapely buns as she bounced up and down on my cock. She came quickly and buried her face in my shoulder to stifle her moans and groans. She stopped moving but I started bucking up into her to achieve my own release. She got off me quickly and dropped to her knees.

"I don't want you to cum in my pussy, not in the office. You can cum in my mouth."

Max proceeded to give me a fantastic blow job and it dd not take long for me to shoot my seed into her mouth. It was a huge load but she handled it and swallowed every drop. She continued to nibble of my dick until I could not take the sensations any longer and pushed her aside. She smiled at me and then kissed me. Not just a peck but a passionate kiss driving her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her back and she was thrilled that I did. She stood up and reorganized her clothing.

"Can I come to your place tonight?"

"Yes, of course you can. Are you absolutely sure you want to do this?"

"Absolutely," she replied and left my office.

I quickly put my dick away as she unlocked the office door to leave. Things had happened so quickly and then I had agreed to see her later. I was hooked and I knew it would be nearly impossible to resist her advances, even if I wanted to do that and I didn't. It was like a dream come true that such a beautiful woman could be such a sexual dynamo. 

The afternoon dragged that day as I kept thinking about the evening with Maxine. I stopped on my way home and picked up white wine. I didn't drink white but I knew Max did and Barb did too when I was with her. After arriving home, I chilled the wine and changed into casual clothes, very casual, shorts and a tee. Maxine arrived around 7:00 and she had stopped at home to change too. She was wearing tight shorts and a halter top. I could tell she had passed on the bra.

We had drinks and a few snacks I put out but it was obvious that Maxine was anxious to get started. She put her drink down on the end table, smiled at me and reached for my shorts. She pulled them and my underwear down to my knees. My cock was semi-erect by the time she lowered my briefs. "You have a nice cock," she told me again just before she slid down and took it in her mouth. I decided to take her to my bedroom.

I leaned back in bed as her very skilled mouth got me hard within minutes. I put my hands in her silky blonde hair as her head bobbed up and down. Satisfied that I was sufficiently hard, Maxine shed her clothes, mounted me and lowered her dripping wet pussy onto my cock. She looked me right in the eye as she started to ride me and I knew that she was in desperate need of an orgasm. I reached up and played with her firm tits and tweaked her hard nipples as she rode me. She was breathing hard and rapidly as she approached her release. I looked into her eyes and I could see the lust in them. Then it happened.

"Oh God, oh God, oh, oh, hold me," she screamed as an orgasm of a massive proportion rocked her body.

She rode me through her orgasm and I felt my cock swimming in her pussy. Maxine collapsed on my chest for several minutes until she composed herself. When she lifted herself off my cock I heard a distinct sucking sound as my cock was released from her pussy. We rested for several minutes, sipped our drinks and chatted easily. We began playing with each other again and when I found her G-spot she came again. She held my hand tight to her pussy as she humped it vigorously. She stiffened and screamed as another orgasm rocked her.

"No one has ever found that spot as quickly as you did," she gasped and then requested, "Fuck me from behind this time."

She rolled over on all fours, put her head down on the bed and raised her curvy ass in the air. I wanted to just drive my cock in her scrumptious ass but I knew it would be better to wait for another time. I still didn't know if she liked anal sex or she just let Steve do that night to appease him. I knelt behind her and slipped my cock into her pussy from behind. I fucked her slowly and then I began to play with her ass. I caressed the shapely globes and teased her anus with my finger. I scooped up some of her pussy juice and rubbed it into her anus. She wiggled her ass in response so I took it to the next step. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and ran it up and down the crack of her ass. Then I paused at her nether hole and prodded it gently with my rigid cock. 

"Oh, not tonight, not there tonight. I'm not sure I can take you there."

I didn't want to fuck up a good thing so I didn't try to fuck her ass. It was clear she might let me in her ass another time and I would look forward to that.

"I want you to eat my pussy now," she told me as she flipped over on her back. 

I moved my head between her legs to eat her pussy but first I kissed and licked around the area and her inner thighs. I breathed warm air right on her snatch and she grabbed my head and pulled it to her cunt. I pulled my head back off her pussy and let my fingers trail to her pussy. I lightly rubbed her outer cunt lips and she twitched with each touch. She moaned as her clit responded to the stimulation and slowly exited its hood looking for attention. 

I placed my fingers on her cunt lips and trapped her clit between them and it became engorged and stood erect. She squirmed in pleasure while I moved her cunt lips up and down on her clit and she shuddered from the extreme arousal. Still moving her cunt lips up and down, I bent down and kissed her clit. She jerked and bucked as my lips touched her upright nub. I drew my head back a bit and again blew air directly onto her clit as she writhed and bucked again, moaning with pleasure. 
