 Josh was pleasantly surprised to see a text from Kat as he was walking across campus. They'd broken up before the holidays after nearly a year, but over the last couple of months they were talking again.

Hey - want to meet up for dinner? Had something I wanted to run by you.

He immediately shot back, Sure. Usual place/time?

She said it was fine, and he bustled off to class. It was getting warmer every day, but the campus was always breezy. The crisp Colorado air really woke you up in the morning, even in mid-April.

The day was mostly uneventful, the usual succession of classes and coffees, mixed in with the new sensation of dread that was stalking him these days. He was graduating in less than a month, and the unknowns of that reality were like a sheer cliff that he was going to jump off after graduation.

He knew what he was supposed to do: get a shitty job to pay off his student loans, then maybe think about grad school. He figured the B.A. in English would leave a lot of doors open for him, but none of the options were particularly appealing. He wasn't a journalist, didn't want to write a novel, and he wasn't all that great at editing. Screenwriting sounded like a good gig, but the hell if he was moving to LA.

Maybe that's why he was so excited to meet up with his ex. Kat always took his mind off other things - it was hard to focus on anything else when she was around. Tall and leggy, she was model-gorgeous with bright Irish emerald eyes and long red hair. She was the Platonic ideal of a sweet, Irish lass...except she was born in Connecticut and went to synagogue every week.

When he showed up Venuto's that evening, she was already there with a bottle of expensive looking red wine on the table. She flashed him a radiant grin and stood to give him a hug. He tried (and failed) not to admire her cleavage as she got up. The freckles on her pert breasts were kryptonite to him.

"Hey, it's good to see you," she said, squeezing him close.

He leaned into the hug, smelling her light perfume, and gave her a peck on the cheek. "You too. We could all use a friendly face these days."

She snorted and sat back in her seat, much more at ease than he was. "Don't let the stress get to you. We're almost out of here."

He nodded and sat across from her. She poured him a glass of the wine, and he accepted gratefully. It tasted as good as it looked. "I've got a few last minute things to finish up, then I'm golden. At least, until the student loan bills start coming in."

She looked like she was considering something, but the waitress came by, and they busied themselves with the menu. Inevitably, he went with the chicken parm and she had gnocchis. It was a tradition for them.

As soon as the waitress left, Kat turned back to him and gave him another scrutinizing stare. "So what do you have planned once we're finished? I know you were talking about grad school."

He shrugged and grabbed a roll. "I don't know. What's the point? Maybe it's just the stress talking, but I honestly don't know what I want to be doing with my life. It's like there are so many options, I'm drowning in them. If someone said, 'Hey, you're doing this now', I probably would, just so I didn't have to think about it anymore."

Kat nodded along, taking sips of her wine. "I know what you mean. My uncle has always told me I could do anything, and I guess I can. I'm just not sure what I want to do."

Josh smiled sympathetically, but it was a bit forced. Kat's family owned some major conglomerate in Ireland, and she was basically heir to the whole company. Her parents died in a plane crash when she was young, and her aunt was running things now, but she didn't have any kids of her own. With that kind of background, it was hard to compare her career concerns with his own.

"Well, I'm sure you'll figure it out," he said. "It's not like you have to worry about the loan officers hunting you down."

That tweaked her a bit, but she didn't let it show for more than a second. "So you don't really have anything lined up," she said.

"No," he admitted. "I was going to go home for the summer and figure out what my next move is."

Kat took another sip of her wine and spun the glass between her fingertips. "I see..."

He wasn't sure what to make of her questions. She said she wanted to ask him something, and it seemed like she was trying to build up to it. Was she going to try and offer him a job? That didn't make any sense. What kind of job was he even qualified for?

He tried to put it out of his mind and just enjoy the evening. Her green v-neck sweater matched her eyes and showed off the tops of her freckled breasts. She was smiling and they made easy chit chat about nothing. He'd missed how easy it all felt. Why had they broken up in the first place?

After they finished their meals (and a shared tiramisu), they walked back to Kat's place in the cold night air. He always walked her home after dinner at Venuto's, and she pulled close to him for warmth. It was almost comfortable enough to forget why she'd asked to meet him tonight.

He pulled away from her as they reached her street. "So, what did you want to ask me? You said you wanted to run something by me."

She grinned and put her hands in her pockets. "Why don't you come inside, and we'll talk about it."

She walked ahead of him and up the steps to her house. She shared it with five other girls, and the lights were on. Still, some part of his brain recognized the signs, and his pants got a little tight. He didn't want to get his hopes up, but he'd been daydreaming about her since they broke up. Even if it was just a one-time relapse, he wouldn't give up a chance to run his hands over her ivory skin again.

Kat had the door open by the time he caught up to her, and she held it open with a mischievous glint in her eye. He was all too eager to get inside.

Her house was fantastic, which was to be expected given how much she was paying for it. Dark hardwood floors, marble counters, big fireplace - it looked more like a mansion than a dorm. She'd lived here the whole time she was in Colorado, but after freshman year, she'd had a few of her friends move in so it wasn't so lonely.

He could hear the sounds coming from the den towards the back of the house. "I guess your roommates are home?"

Kat nodded and removed her coat. "Yeah. Why don't you go say hi? I'm going to run upstairs for a minute."

He tried to object as she padded up the steps, but one of her roommates appeared at the other end of the hall.

"Hey, look what the cat dragged in," Mariana said as she came down the hallway. She was short, trim, and busty; the sort of girl who weaponized her Mediterranean sex appeal, then made men beg her for a taste. Helen of Troy, wielding Pandora's box. Josh usual tried to keep his distance.

"I was just walking her back after dinner," he said, trying not to sound defensive. "How have you been?"

"Partying," she said. "Sara and I are officially headed to New England for grad school in the fall. How about you?"

He shrugged; he was getting sick of that question. "Just trying to get through the next few weeks."

She laughed and waved him on. "Yeah, that sounds like you. Come have a drink with us."

Josh nodded, but he was starting to think twice about following Kat inside. A night with her and her five roommates was not what he had in mind.

As they entered the den, he tried to reorient himself to the house and its occupants. The other four girls sat around the den in chairs and on the sectional. Sara, with her smooth, cocoa skin and unruly tangle of hair sat next to Mariana's empty chair. They were both going to be medical researchers, and were determined to keep together.

Leslie and Hannah snuggled up on the couch together. Leslie was an aspiring journalist and blogger, and Hannah was her partner, in everything. They were fairly successful at it already. Leslie's blonde bombshell looks brought in lots of eyeballs and her writing kept them. Hannah was cute in her own right, but she was more modest about her appearance and preferred to keep herself on the back end of their website.

Finally there was Lin. Lin was a feminist activist and organizer with the body of a martial artist. She was brilliant and well read, and she was not his biggest fan.

"Hello, ladies," he said.

Leslie gave him a broad smile. "Hey! Josh!"

Hannah and Sara smiled and nodded, and Lin watched him from over her drink, like a jungle cat. He grinned back and took the seat that Mariana was offering him. The tone of the room had changed, and he realized that they were all looking at him. Something told him he wasn't here for a booty call after all.

Mariana poured him a glass of excellent whiskey; the distillery was one of Kat's family holdings. He took a sip and tried not to be nervous. He had no idea what this was about.

Kat reappeared and took a seat near Josh. "I had another case of your favorite shipped in," she said, indicating the whiskey. "My aunt says you're going to drink her out of house and home."

He blushed and looked down at his whiskey. "Sorry for the trouble, then. You didn't have to do that for me."

"She thought plying you with alcohol would be easier," said Lin.

Kat took his hand and beamed at him. "I have an offer for you...well, we all do. It's a little unusual, but I think you'll like it. Just, don't say anything until you hear us out, okay?"

Josh took another sip of his whiskey. Now he really had no idea. They were all looking at him intently. "Okay..."

"Right," said Mariana, leaning forward in her chair. "It's like this: we've all gotten really close here. Like, freakishly close. We've been talking for months about how we could keep the band together, you know, and it looks like we're all going to move in with Kat back in Connecticut."

There was a pause, and Josh felt the need to say something. "That sounds cool."

"Yes, yes it does," said Mariana. "Which leads me to why you're here. We'd like you to join us, as our resident boyfriend."

Josh laughed, but the girls looked serious. "Your what?"

"Resident boyfriend," said Mariana. "You'd come live with us in Connecticut and be our boyfriend, all of ours."

They let it sink in for a moment, and Josh's brain fought to keep up. What the hell was she talking about? This had to be some kind of prank.

"Look, I know this is a lot to process," said Mariana, "but take a second to consider the offer."

He let himself cautiously wade into the idea. "I'm not sure what you're saying. Is this some sort of cult thing?"

Hannah shook her head. "It's more like polyamory, though it's not quite that either."

"Let me break it down for you," said Mariana. She motioned to herself and Sara, who wasn't meeting his eye. "Sara and I don't have time to meet anyone, and having a significant other can be really beneficial to your career. You've got someone to bring to social events, the boss thinks you have a reason to stick around and keep earning that steady paycheck, and fewer of your coworkers waste time hitting on you or trying to set you up with someone."

She nodded to Leslie and Hannah next. "Those two need beards, at least until Hannah's mother is in the grave."

Hannah blushed and looked away. Kat had mentioned something about her religious parents, but he hadn't put too much thought into the matter.

"I'm just here because it sounded interesting," said Lin. "I'm not looking for a hireling partner at the moment."

"Noted," said Mariana. "And Kat...well, I just think she misses you, but a boyfriend would keep her aunt off her back for a while, so there's that."

He looked to Kat, and she was giving him a faint smile. He took another swig of whiskey; this was a lot to take in. His brain was trying to catch up, but when he opened his mouth, nothing came out.

Leslie leaned forward, hands held out to gesticulate while she spoke. "It would work like this: you'd live with us in the house, and each of us would get you one day a week. That means you'd have two days off, since Lin isn't taking part. Kat will hire you as her executive assistant, and you'll have a salary and benefits. All you have to do is act as our significant others."

"And move to Connecticut," said Hannah.

"Huh." It still sounded crazy, but it seemed like they were serious. He tried to imagine it, living in Connecticut with six women, acting as their pretend boyfriend.

He thought about Kat and the booty call he'd been expecting when he walked in the door. Whatever else, they'd be together under the same roof, and he'd have plenty of opportunities to be with her again. Still, that did lead him to a new question.

"Will I be expected to perform...other boyfriendly duties?"

Leslie blushed and looked away, but Lin said, "We aren't purchasing you dick, Josh. If Kat or whoever else wants a ride, that's between the two of you."

Sara smiled at him and patted him on the knee. "We don't expect you to do anything you're uncomfortable with. We've talked about the possibility of having sexual relationships with you, and we're all comfortable making those decisions privately."

He looked around at these six beautiful women and tried to come up with a reason to say no. Here was an opportunity to pay down his debt, live rent free, and work on his writing. All he had to do was keep these ladies happy.

"I guess I accept," said Josh.

Sara grabbed a bottle of champagne and popped the cork. Leslie and Hannah handed out glasses, and soon, they were all on their feet with champagne flutes held high.

"To Josh," said Mariana.

"To Kat," he said.

They all clinked glasses, and Josh downed his champagne in a single gulp. He had no idea what he was getting himself into, but he wasn't going to let that stop him. What else did he have going on in his life? This was his next step to something great.

Kat knocked hers back and set her glass on the table. "Alright," she said. "As financier of this endeavor, I call dibs. Josh is mine for tonight."

She snaked an arm around his waist, and he jumped when she squeezed his ass. They all cheered and laughed, and Josh let himself be dragged out of the room and up the stairs. Kat went up before him, giving him tantalizing views of her pale thighs from under her skirt.

She led him to her room, which used to be the study. It wasn't the biggest of the bedrooms (she gave that one to Leslie and Hannah, since they were sharing), but it had more character than the others. Her four-poster bed sat towards one side of the bookcase-lined room.

Kat let go of his hand and sat down on her bed, running her hands over the comforter. "Was this more like what you had in mind for tonight?"

He gave her a chagrined smile. "I think my head's still spinning. What did I just agree to?"

"You agreed to help us all out...well, except Lin, but that's her problem."

He laughed. "You don't need my help finding a boyfriend."

"No, but you needed my help finding a job. You'd go crazy living at home, trying to find something that will keep the debt collectors off your back. I can help."

He frowned, but Kat was slowly leaning back. He was hard as rock, and her skirt was slowly sliding up her thighs as she moved. "I would have figured something out. This just sounds crazy."

She smirked at him. "Yeah, but you'll love it. Now, you're mine tonight, and I think I'd like my boyfriend to come over here and fuck me. Think you can handle that?"

Kat spread her legs, and her skirt pulled all the way back to reveal her bright pink pussy and a thin trail of Irish red hair. She was already wet, and Josh knew there wasn't anything left to say.

He came up to her in two strides, wrapping his arms around her, and pulling her roughly into his embrace. Her breath was hot on his neck as he kissed his way down to her breasts. Then she pushed him further down, and he got to work.

He pushed her skirt up over her hips, kneeling by the edge of the bed. He pulled her pelvis closer until he was lined up with her aching pussy. "First day on the job," he said with a wink. Then he buried himself in her slit.

"Oooh, yes!" Kat squirmed against his mouth, pressing down against his tongue as it penetrated her. He wondered if she'd been warming up on her own while he was downstairs with her roommates.

He alternated between fucking her with his tongue and flicking her clit, and after only a few minutes, he felt his tongue being forced out by her powerful, pulsing orgasm.

"Oh my god, thank you," she panted. She ran a hand through his hair, her breasts heaving up and down inside her sweater. "I needed that all week. Now, come on. Don't start slacking already - I want that cock in me. Don't make me wait."

Josh grinned and they both stripped as quickly as possible. He had to pause and take in the sight of her, with her big, freckled tits and gorgeous legs. She was his Aphrodite, his perfect redheaded daydream. And now she was sitting up on all fours, her peach-shaped ass pointed right at him.

"Come on, Josh. Give it to me."

He obliged, moving up onto the bed behind her. He took hold of her hips and slapped her ass, and she pressed herself closer. She was on fire right now. He rubbed his cock along her slit a few times to wet the tip, then thrust inside her with one long lunge.

Kat grunted and leaned back, resting her weight against his hips. "Yes! That's it. Now fuck me!"

Josh pivoted and pistoned in and out of her tight, rich pussy. He was giving her full, grinding thrusts and he could hear the moans of pleasure rising off her.

This was the Kat he remembered; incredible, insatiable, and hotter than hell. She could go for hours like this, one orgasm after another, until she was completely boneless with exhaustion. Once, he'd given her ten orgasms in a row, and she couldn't even stand to get to the bathroom with her legs wobbling so bad.

Josh didn't have his old stamina anymore. His one night stands were usually a one-to-one kind of deal, and he couldn't keep up with Kat's frantic pace. When she closed in on her second climax, Josh felt his balls clench and release, and waves of hot sperm pumped into Kat's eager pussy. He could feel her own orgasm press against his cock, and it felt as good as he remembered.

When their climaxes subsided, Josh pulled out and Kat flopped forward onto the bed. She rolled onto her back, hand in her beautiful red mane, and his cum leaking down her milky white thighs. She was a goddess. Why had they broken up?

Josh landed beside her, drinking in the sight of her naked freckled form. "So is this what you had in mind when you concocted this scheme?"

Kat grinned and ran a finger down his chest. "Maybe, but not entirely. Lin and I came up with the idea, talking about dating and mating. It sounded interesting."

"I see," he said. "And I guess you're alright sharing me with five other women?"

"Four, and I guess we'll see. Besides, maybe you'll have to share them with me."

She winked at him, and Josh wished his dick would hurry up and get its shit together so he could fuck her again.

"Are you ready for round two yet," she asked.

"I don't think so. You're as good as ever; I'm going to have to get back into practice for you."

Kat shrugged and pulled him in closer. "Oh well, I suppose it's for the best. I wouldn't want to wear you out before anyone else gets a chance to try you out."

Josh raised an eyebrow at that. "You think the other girls will want me?"

She kissed him - a long, thankful kiss. "I guess you'll have to wait and see. There will be plenty of time to discuss it all later. Go and turn off the lights."