 "What a day" Craig thought to himself as he packed up his bag and turned his monitor off. Anything and everything that could have gone wrong, did go wrong. No hot water at his apartment? Check. Trains running late due to the storm? Check. Computer crashing just as he was finishing up his report? Check. Printer breaking down halfway through printing? Check. He thought it was a miracle that he even got everything done only two hours after the deadline. Of course the client wasn't happy, but they never were. The reaming he would get from his boss would have to wait until tomorrow. Right now it was time to hit the bar for a couple beers to settle his nerves and take his mind off things.

On his way out of the office he passed by Robin's cube to say thanks. She had been trying to help him all day, and without her efforts he would probably still be trying to finish the report. As he poked his head in to say goodbye he was pleasantly surprised to see her leaning back in her chair with her arms raised high, stretching her back. Her brown hair cascading down over her shoulders, her eyes closed in relaxation. His eyes immediately went to her chest, as they almost always did. With her back arched her ample breasts were even more noticeable, straining against the tight red top she wore that day. He tried averting his gaze before she noticed, and mumbled a quick thank you.

"Heading home for the day?" she asked with her usual perkiness.

"Yeah" he groaned, "with a pit stop for a beer or three, of course".

"Oooh, I could definitely go for a drink or two myself" Robin sighed. "Mind if I tag along?"

Craig was more than happy to invite her along, and for a quick moment he allowed himself to fantasize about putting the moves on his sexy, younger co-worker. He quickly shook that thought from his mind, knowing that a cute girl like her would want nothing to do with an average looking guy who was nearly 10 years her senior. But hey, he thought, a guy can dream.

As they made their way out, Craig mentioned that he was thinking of hitting The Green Street Pub since it was fairly quiet and on his way home. Robin agreed, and mentioned that her place was on the way so she would probably drop her bag off and change into comfortable shoes. Craig said he would meet her at the bar, but she said she would only take a minute or two so he should come along and they'd head over to the bar together. Craig didn't need his arm twisted too hard to be convinced, and 5 minutes later they were walking into her small apartment.

"Sorry its such a mess" Robin laughed. "If I had known I was going to be bringing a guy home I would have cleaned up a bit". As she bent down to pick up some magazines from the couch Craig couldn't help but check out her firm ass. Her tight black pants she had worn that day perfectly accentuated the sublime curves of her ass, and he noticed the red lacy underwear peeking up from the waistband. He could imagine how those cheeks would feel in his hands, his fingers flexing involuntarily at the thought. He was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't notice that Robin had turned to look over her shoulder at him.

Catching his eyes roaming over her body gave her a jolt of excitement, and she remembered the other times she had caught him checking her out. He was nice enough that she never got upset, and in fact she found it a turn on that an older guy like him would be interested in her. "Besides", she thought, "its been too long since I've had any fun". Looking down she noticed the slight bulge pressing against his khakis, and she absent-mindedly licked her lips and wiggled her hips ever so slightly.

Craig's eyes slowly moved from her perfect curves to Robin's eyes, and he saw her gazing at his hardening cock. Letting the better part of his judgement leave his mind, he reached his hand out and softly slid it along her ass. He heard her moan slightly and look up into his eyes, her desire matching his. His hand moved to her hip as he stepped forward, pressing himself against her ass. Neither of them said a word as he ground his hard cock against her ass and she pushed back into him. Slowly they rocked their hips together, dry humping as they stared into each others eyes. She moaned once again, reaching back to pull his ass into her harder. Craig's hand moved from her hip to her chest, his hand roughly groping at her breast.

Robin straightend up to give him better access to her chest, and her other hand reached back to hold his head to her neck. Craig took his cue and began kissing along the nape of her neck, nibbling and sucking at her earlobe. Robin moaned out again, her ass grinding back into Craig. Craig's hands slid down to the bottom of her top, eagerly pulling it up and over her head, exposing her ample breasts encased in a red lace bra. His fingers immediately went to the clasp in the back, unhooking it and allowing her tits to spill free from their confines. Robin moaned out louder as his hands once again groped and massaged her breasts.

Quickly turning around, Robin's hands went straight to his belt, undoing it with ease as she worked to get his pants off. Craig reached down to help, and soon his khakis were at his feet, his cock tenting his boxer-briefs. Robin reached down to rub his cock through his underwear, feeling his hard, hot cock straining to be free.

"Should we let him out to play?" she giggled as she dropped to her knees in front of Craig, her eyes twinking as she started pulling his briefs down. Craig almost couldn't handle the sight in front of him, the woman of his fantasies kneeling in front of him, about to pull his cock free of his underwear. With a tug she pulled the briefs below his cock and it sprang out, hard and throbbing. She was surprised at how big he was, and the only thought in her mind was how much she wanted to feel that cock between her lips. With a moan she leaned forward and engulfed the head of his cock, running her tongue all around it as her hand slid up to tease his balls. Slowly she pulled her mouth back, letting her tongue trail along the underside of his cock only to plunge forward once again, sucking more of him back into her mouth.

"Oh, fuck, that feels so good" Craig moaned, watching his sexy young co-worker go down on him. As he watched she continued to slide her mouth up and down on him, pulling more of his cock into her mouth with each stroke. His hands slid into her hair, guiding her head as she bobbed up and down. She pulled her mouth from his cock and looked up at him, her hand stroking his cock as she asked "do you like having your cock in my mouth?". He could only groan before she slid her mouth back over him, sucking him like nobody ever had. He could feel himself getting close to cumming, but he didn't want this to end.

"Oh God baby, I'm so close, you'd better slow down" he gasped, but she only stroked his cock faster and moaned around his cock.

"Cum in my mouth" she moaned as she pulled away from his cock. "Please cum for me baby, fill my mouth" she begged.

He groaned out at the thought as she went back to sucking him. Her words spurred him on and he felt himself so close. He pumped his hips forward and yelled "I'M CUMMING!", his hands grasping her hair and his muscles tensing. Robin moaned out and pumped his cock faster as she felt the first spurt splash into her mouth. She swallowed quickly, the second shot exploding into her mouth, the hot, thick cum coating her tongue and throat. Craig moaned as he pumped another load into her mouth, watching her trying to swallow it all down. A dribble of cum slipped from her lips as she continued working his cock. After a final spurt of cum escaped from his cock, Craig release his hold on her hair and staggered backwards, feeling as if his whole body had just been drained by this sexy young nymph.

Licking her lips Robin looked up at him, the stray line of cum running down her chin glistening in the light. She stood and walked towards him, her eyes burning with lust. She reached forward and fondled his slowly wilting cock.

"Think you can get this hard again to fuck my hot little pussy?" she asked, an evil glint in her eye. Craig knew this was going to be a long night, and he wondered if he could get away with calling in sick for a few days...