 My friend set me up on a date with his girlfriend's friend. I really hated blind dates and normally I would never opt as such. But, his girlfriend had really hot friends. As in see-smoke-emerging-from-their-breasts-hot. Plus, I was new in the small town and it was really hard to meet new people because the only bar closed half past eight. Yeah, it pretty much sucked. 

So I was supposed to meet the girl in the local brewery that fateful night. She would wear black and red and had dark brown hair. Finally, a girl matching the description approached me. 

'Hey stranger,' she said and smiled so seductively that my pants were suddenly sizes too small. 

'Hi,' I replied and shot a look at my watch to make sure of the time. On the dot. 

'So, can I have a seat or are you waiting for someone?' She went to take a seat without waiting for my response. 

'I am supposed to meet Constance?' I hoped it was her. All my fingers were crossed. 

She smiled again, 'Pleased to meet you,' she extended a hand. 'You can call me Con.'

We hit it off right away. She drank tequila like water and handled it surprisingly well for the amount she washed down. 

'Let's get out of here,' she suggested and stuck her hand in my pocket. She almost didn't grab the keys. 

I was stunned and I nodded along, following her out into the darkness. She clicked for my car and the lights flickered. She hopped into the passenger seat and threw me the keys.

'I'll give the directions,' she stated and then as if holding a gun to my head, she pulled off her T-shirt. 

'You don't mind do you?' She asked the question sweetly, as if she did nothing wrong - ever - and it was obvious she wasn't one to play by the rules. 

Laughing I answered, 'Not at all.'

I never had to concentrate on driving as hard as I did that night. Her breasts were big - she told me 36DD. Her nipples were small and almost invisible until you traced them with a finger and made them pop out into your mouth. 

'Luke,' she started when we almost reached our destination. 'I'm super horny. I'm going to start without you, okay?'

I just stared at her as her hand dove into her panties and her head full of brown hair fell back. 'We're gonna have so much fun tonight.' She laughed and it made her boobs jiggle even more than the heaving did. If my dick had an arrow there would've been a hole in my pants. 

Eventually after her having masturbated twice and me almost crashing for the seventh time that night we pulled into the bush and trailed along an unused path filled with thorn bush and grass. The car came to a halt in front of a grand oak. She opened the door and stepped out. She winked me over and I thought, Yup Luke, this is it. This is where you get slaughtered by a crazy bitch. At least promise me you'll fuck her once before she slits your throat. Okay, deal buddy. 

Once my eyes adjusted to the darkness and my ears to the nonchalant howl of jackals and owls, she led me towards a tree house. By then only clad in a panty, she climbed up the tree with her awesomely shaped ass right in my face. I could smell her sweet, spicy odor crawling from her pussy. 

We were finally inside the old shelter and she lit a few candles. It was clearly inhabited by some point or the other. She tossed me a beer and swallowed one down herself. The shadows danced on her round breasts and I couldn't look away - and for once I wouldn't have written off my car if I dared to stare. 

'Are they bothering you?' Her eyebrow lifted. 'I can always cover them up?'

I almost broke my neck as I shook my head. 'Please, no.'

She laughed. 'I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable, it just. . . well, we were going to see each other naked anyway?'

'I'm enjoying the show,' I managed to say. 

'Good, because it's over now.' She walked over to a heap and pulled a dress over her head. She took a stack of cards and walked over to the bed, jumped on it and waved me over. I followed sheepishly and chugged down the beer. 

'Go fish?' she asked and handed me the deck. I was confused. I started shuffling the cards in my hands. She crawled closer and whispered. 'I'm kidding, love.'

I won't lie, I was relieved. 

'Let's still play a game though?' She was so cool, I thought. Like, if been with pretty girls before, girls who loved themselves and adored to flaunt what they had. But Con was confident on a whole other level. Again, the dress flew off and those stunners popped out. I swear, if she was a wild thing and I a hunter I would mount those as a trophy on my wall. I would die a happy man. 

She divided the deck and the rules were as follows, 'We're gonna play distorted Snap. Whoever gets to a King first can tell the other what to do. But whoever gets a Queen before either one of us gets a King can use the Queen as a 'get out of jail free card'. Meaning if I suggest anal and you really don't want to you can use the Queen.'

She got a Queen and I - a King. Sex was inevitable so I demanded a BJ from her. 

'Lie down,' she said and pulled my trousers off. She took my stiff penis with both hands on a rope and yanked - I squealed. She was in control and she fucking knew it. She fondled my balls for a bit and then the great anticipation was over. She bent down and kissed my dick. She went in for a lick but before she could she said, 'Did I tell you I'm a vegetarian?'

I didn't care one bit. 'So?' I asked irritated. 

She threw a leg over me and squished her pussy against my cock. Oh my God that thing was wet. I groped her breasts, thumbing her nipples and making the flesh goosebump. She came closer and whispered, 'So . . . It means I don't eat meat.'

She used her Queen card. Damn. 

I tried to kiss her but she turned her head. 'Second rule: I don't kiss on the mouth.'

Then she bent and stood on all fours. 'Come my wolf, don't you want to feel my pussy?' 

I wiggled in between her soft thighs and started licking her protruding clit. Before I knew what was what I French kissed her cunt like a horny teenager. Still on all fours she grabbed my head and pushed me deeper into her. 

'Luke, fuck, you know what you're doing.'

After she came we just lay for a while, staring at the wooden ceiling. I took the time to investigate her body. Her eyes were blue. Her lips full and red. Her chest was round and firm and her areolas looked like teardrops. Her pussy was hairy - and that didn't bother me in the least - she tasted glorious. I wriggled my fingers over and into her lips making her laugh. 

'That is so ticklish,' she sighed and pushed me down. 

'Luke, baby,' she pumped my dick into utter hardness and slid onto my flesh. 'You're thick aren't you?'

I just nodded and held onto her hips. She stopped bucking. 'Will you do me a favour?'

'Sure?'

'Please keep your hands on my tits. When I bounce, they get sore.'

I really didn't have to get a second invitation. For hours we fucked and fucked and fucked. When I pulled out semen streamed from her onto the bed but none of us seemed to care. 

The next morning I awoke when the sun was already streaming into the windows. She was nowhere to be found. I climbed off the tree and saw my car was still in place - a good sign. Then she grabbed me from behind and folded her hands around my penis. 'Aren't you spent from last night?' I asked in shock. 

She turned me around and pressed our naked bodies against one another. 'I'll never be able to get enough of this,' and then she caressed my balls. I was hard again - or still, I wasn't quite sure. 

'Should I just pee like . . . in the bush?' I asked. She laughed and said, 'Yes.'

'Okay, I'll be right back.' I said and walked off into a direction. She hopped along and reached for my dick. 'I'll hold it up for you,' she said and did it. It was so fucking weird having this chick hold my dick while I peed. She shook it off like a pro though. 

'Let's take a bath,' she suggested while still holding onto my cock and she led me through the bush. 

At the river bank, rocks bathing in the sun held warm water. She climbed inside and so did I. She washed me all over, wiggling her fingers in every crevice and I collapsed in the pool with my dick sticking out above water like a sail of a ship. 

'Crap,' she said as she went to sit on top of me. 'I really didn't want to do this.'

I was still puzzled when she kissed me. 

'I thought the second rule stated-' and then she kissed me again.

'I can't help it, love. You make me want to do stuff I really never wanted to do.'

Then she had this shy look on her face - it was the first time I saw her vulnerable. 

'I want to try something,' she said still looking me straight in the eye.

Somehow I sensed what she wanted. 'You want to suck me, hey?'

She blushed and shook her head. 'Can I?' She asked. 

'Sure, Con.' Then I realized - she must've never sucked cock before - ever. 

She licked me like an ice-cream cone, paying extra attention to my cockhead. I didn't deep throat her in fear of ruining her first experience, but the suckling made me come anyway. She drank my semen expertly. 

'How was it?' she asked. 

'Great,' I said and kissed her. 'Thanks.'

After gathering all our stuff up in the tree house, we drove back into reality. As soon as we were out of the bush my phone began flaring up. It was my friend who set us up. 

'Hey dude, thanks -'

He cut me off midsentence. 'Not cool dude. Why did you stand her up?'

'Who?' I asked. 

'Constance.'

'I didn't stand her up, I'm still with her.'

'No,' I could hear his girlfriend screaming something in the background. 

'Constance is here with me and Joanne. She said you never pitched last night.' 

'What?'

'Where the hell are you Luke?'

'Gotta go.'

She sat next to me, clothed for the first time since our introduction hours ago. 

'You're not Constance are you?' I asked. 

'No I'm not.'

'You fucking lied to me. Who the hell are you?' I stopped the car and pulled off the road. 

'I never lied,' she smiled. 'I told you to call me Con. It's all in the name, love.'

'Con?' I didn't know what to do. 'You mislead-'

'I could've told you my name is M. Urderer but you would have still wanted to bang me,' she crossed her legs onto the seat and continued, 'Let's not pretend this was anything other than what it is.'

'And what is this?' I wanted to know. 

'An amazing fuck.' She opened the door. 'Luke, I'm sorry. I thought it would be fun with you - and it was. I'm sorry I'm not that girl, but it doesn't matter. Go out with her, get another chance. But call me when you need me -' and she left me a card and disappeared.