 We have just finished our early evening dinner and a few glasses of wine at a restaurant across town. Twilight is nearing, as we make our way back to the car. We walk past an alley and you pull me into it and forcefully pin me against the wall. I see desire, power, and a hint of darkness in your eyes that sends chills through my body. You lean in to me and kiss my lips, gently at first, then nibble at them roughly. I wince at the pain as you press me harder into the wall. You take my breast in your hand, kneading it, pinching the nipple and pulling at it. You moan hoarsely into my mouth as you assault my body with your hands, groping, pinching and massaging every inch that you can reach. I understand your desire and push myself into you, surrendering myself to your needs. You raise my dress to expose my bare, wet pussy, since you had already told to wear nothing underneath my dress. Your hand glides across my clit and down my juicy lips, and then you insert two fingers and shove them into me over and over again. Your control over me is exciting you almost to the point of orgasm. 

You pull back and look at me; darkness has clouded your eyes. "On your knees!" you tell me in a very quiet voice, one that I've heard only a few times. 

I do as you ask, as you drop your pants and push your hard cock towards my mouth. You watch as I lick the tip, and lap the glisten of precum waiting for me. "Mmm," I moan and it sends vibrations through your hard shaft. You smile approvingly and push your hips towards my mouth.

"Suck it!" you command, and I look up at you, opening my mouth wider as expected. I take your stiff cock slowly into my mouth and watch as you tilt your head back in pleasure. "Oh, yes!" you moan as I suck you in all the way to the back of my throat. I feel you continually pulsing with utter excitement, and I slowly take you in and out of my mouth.

"Faster, baby, faster!" you order, but this time I don't obey. You look sternly at me as I continue letting you slide in and out of my mouth so slowly, watching you cautiously. You push hard on the back of my head trying to get me to go faster, but I stiffen and continue my slow assault on your cock. I know how horny you are but I want this experience to last. I also know that my resistance will make your orgasm more intense.

Over and over I twirl my tongue around the tip as it reaches my lips then kiss it softly and suck you back in. I reach up and cup your balls, and you whisper in submission, "Oh baby, it feels so good!" as you tilt your head back again. Your hand relaxes on the back of my head as you let me take control; I smile, knowing it wasn't really your choice. 

I lovingly take you in and out of my mouth, feeling you touch the back of my throat each time. I close my eyes for a moment, enjoying how you're your cock tastes and feels in my mouth. When I open my eyes, you are looking at me, and I'm not sure if I like that look. You know how much I love your taste and I wonder at this moment if you will deny me. 

I pull lightly on your balls and reach under to press the soft skin underneath. I increase my pace, sucking you in a little quicker, while I reach up with my other hand to grasp you firmly and stroke you in unison, rotating my hand with each stroke. 

I feel you tighten and your breath is becoming labored. You thrust your hips at my mouth, holding the back of my head, while I pull harder on your balls, then knead them softly as I take you in faster and faster, sucking on your wonderful cock, lapping at the slit quickly as it comes to my lips only to be sucked in again. I am careful to keep my hand in place or you will choke me. Your hips thrust harder and harder at my mouth, fucking it violently, so I slow my pace to a near stop.

You thrust a few more times before you realize I have stopped. You look through me with black eyes, saying, "You better finish!" in a voice that used to chill my bones, "NOW!" I eagerly suck your cock back into my mouth and let you dictate the pace, keeping my hand in place, stroking you harder with each thrust. You think you have regained control, so the power you feel will fuel your assault on my mouth and promise me my prize of your hot cum in my mouth, guaranteeing that you will fuck me afterwards. 

You thrust faster and faster and I suck you eagerly into my throat, my muscles contracting around you, begging for your hot cum. I feel your body tense as you shoot your first load into my throat, but it slides down my throat before I even have a chance to taste it. I pull my head back a little so the next spurt will spill into my mouth. It does and I close my eyes momentarily to savor the taste more. I swallow every drop you allow me. 

You quickly pull me to my feet and push me against the wall with such force it leaves me breathless. You raise my dress, pull up one of my legs and slam your still rock hard cock into me. Still breathless from the push, I gasp as you bury it deep inside me. Your eyes, still black, sear through me, and I grab your head and pull you closer, taking your mouth with mine, biting on your lip, sucking your tongue into my mouth. I break the kiss and lick down to your neck. 

I look back up at you, whispering, "Oh, yeah, baby! Fuck me real hard!" You do, pulling out then slamming deep into me again and again. "Oh yes, that's it!" I cry out, breathless again but this time because of the delicious hard fuck you are giving me. I wrap first one leg around your waist and then the other and you hold me under my ass, keeping me pinned against the wall. You tear my dress aside, baring my breasts and then you bury your head in them, taking my nipple in your mouth. You continue to pound your cock into me as you nibble on my nipple. 

"Oh god, yes! Oh baby, yesssss, ohohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" My pussy tightens around your cock as my orgasm begins its onslaught. "Cum inside me," I beg you, and you thrust even harder, reaching new depths and suddenly your cock spurts its load inside me. I feel the spasms inside me as I squeeze tighter and my orgasm drains me. My breast falls from your mouth then you bury your head in my neck, thrusting deep and draining your balls empty of cum. 

You look up at me with those bright eyes and breathlessly say, "You are wonderful!"