 John stood by his car in among the dense trees listening hard for the sound of another vehicle approaching. Listening for the sound of the car he called little 'Spunky', the car belonging to his lover, Zil.

"Do you fancy a meet? He had asked her over the phone; just half an hour before, knowing full well she'd pause for what seemed like an eternity, before saying "Yes!" Adding in her inevitable breathless voice. "Give me ten minutes to freshen up and get ready."

He was fully ready in both mind and body, and begged her not to be too long.

She laughed that dirty chuckle of hers, and then enquired, "Up on the top, the usual place?"

"Yes, see you there." He replied before hanging up and starting to gather up some bits and pieces they might need.

Up on the top, referred to a large pinewood perched on the crest of a high hill. A small road ran through the conifer trees and there were many woodland tracks that led off this road deep into the dense trees. It was here he could drive his old jeep into the undergrowth, making sure it well hidden from any passers by. Zil would leave her car parked just off the roadside and then walk into the trees to find him.

Two cars had already driven past before he heard one finally stop and a car door being slammed shut.

His heart missed a beat as he said to himself excitedly, "She's here ... she's coming to be fucked!"

He loved the idea of her bringing her pampered pussy to him. Bringing it to him so that he could love it and fuck it for her, as if it was a real person, a dearly beloved and trusted friend. She had told him many times how she felt she was at foreplay the second he had asked her if she would meet him. Instantly she was on auto drive, on hold for a fucking. Her card, as the saying goes, was marked, and she was all his just for the taking. 

Zil had told him how she would always play with herself as she washed, and made herself ready. Tweak herself with her fingers as she went about her ablutions, adding greatly to the tension and the excitement at the thought of getting fucked again. She would also finger herself as she drove to the rendezvous, leaving wet sticky finger marks on the car's steering wheel whenever she had to stop her playful fingers teasing her dewy hole and either change gear, or turn a sharp bend in the road.

The drive to the meeting place was about three miles, but long enough to bring them both to a degree of high sexual tension, almost to bursting point by the time they met each other.

John watched Zil walk towards him down the grassy woodland track, floodlit amid shafts of hot sunlight, as it shone down through the canopy of the trees. She wore a long flared skirt and a blue tee shirt and a pair of walking shoes. Her skirt swung from side to side in perfect time to her bare breasts that swayed beneath the tee shirt as she approached him in that slow gliding walk of hers. Gliding down the track ever closer to his arms.

Impatiently he started towards her and when they met, they kissed deeply and hugged each other excitedly. He held her tall firm body to his, loving the feel of her, loving the smell of her, loving the fact that she had come to let him pleasure her, to fuck her as he had done so many times before.

He bent forward as they still held each other and lifting up her skirt slipped his hand between her hot parted legs.

"You not only look beautiful, but are very wet too, Darling!"

"It's thinking about this stiff cock of yours all the way here ... how could I be anything else?" She grinned at him wickedly and slipped her hand down to grasp his rampant throbbing flesh that stood proud from his already open trousers.

Zil was a born cocksucker. She loved nothing better than to suck cock, and John had never found a better lover of his cock than his friend Zil.

She fell to her knees and sank his shaft all the way down her throat with not so much as a blink of her eyes. She pumped her head back and forth, enjoying herself, only to let go momentary and utter some words of love and affection for him. 

John gasped loudly, and gripped her short hair tightly in both hands as he now took control of the situation and fucked her face, telling her how wonderful she was. Zil slurped and gurgled on his shaft, making no sense other than sounds of pure enjoyment as she knelt before him.

"I have some filth for you." He told her, not wanting to shoot his load as yet, down her throat. "Should we got into the trees and I'll read it to you?" 

Zil willingly agreed, and extracted John's slippery cock from her panting mouth. Together they gathered up a large rug to lie on from the jeep a small bag of goodies for them to play with.

After finding a suitable grassy clearing in among the thick undergrowth of the wood, Zil slipped down her skirt and stepping out of it, pulled off her tee shirt so that she was totally naked apart from her shoes which she left on, just in case a quick retreat was needed, before lying down on the rug. It was a gorgeous hot day and the only thing to impede their total pleasure might be the flies that had a habit of soon finding the smell of sex on the wind, like a bee to a flower's nectar.

Zil pulled John's pants off too and taking his cock back into her luscious mouth, sucked on it as he lay back and started to read the latest filth he had written for her.

They both had exchanged hundreds of letters and stories over the years. Hidden secretly under stones on their dog walk routes, and later picked up like spies using a dead letter drop. 

Wrapped in a small polythene bag to protect them from the damp or rain, the letters were secreted away like precious gems, to be admired over and over again. Only they knew where they were hidden, and the erotic contents were for their eyes only. Nothing was ever too dirty; nothing was taboo that they couldn't share with each other. And later at night over a secret phone call to each other, they would discuss the day's story and masturbate, making them feel just that little bit closer to each other. 

"Are you still with me?" He asked her, pausing for a moment.

"Mmmm ..." she muttered letting go of his cock and adding,"I'm with you all the way, hanging on every word. Go on!"

He did that every time he read to her, and it always made him smile at her resentment of having to let go of his cock to tell him what he already knew.

Zil was now fingering herself wildly and slurping around and around in her horny hole as he came to the conclusion of the filthy tale.

As he closed with the words "The end." He rolled on to her and forcing her legs open wide, fucked her hard and fast to make her cum for him. To let all that sexed up tension escape from her cunt and make her cry out loud.

Zil clutched at him and a wanton wild look filled her eyes as she spluttered and shook uncontrollably letting her orgasm flood over her while her creamy cunt blew itself up like a balloon only to crash down hard around his cock while it twitched and pulsated several times over as they both came slowly down from the first big high of the day. She kissed him lovingly and told him "You've no idea how I needed that!"

"I thought you had it only a couple of days ago?"

"I did, but you know how much I need to keep me happy?" 

John made Zil lie on her back now and relax while with the aid of a teaspoon he spooned some of the cool yogurt out of a carton he had taken from his goodie bag, into her quivering cunt.

It was very good for cunt's he had once told her, and he had loved to lick it out of her ever since. 

Zil lay back and enjoyed the feeling of his tongue flicking in and out of her puss, and rolling over her hard little bud and that constant lapping at her drooling lips as he pulled them open wide so as to go even deeper with his tongue into her hot hungry hole.

When she was fully cleaned out and spotless from all dairy produce, John reached into his bag again and passed Zil their old faithful Rubber Dick.

She laughed at him and took it from him knowing full well what he wanted to see. Sitting up with her legs wide apart she started to rub the head of the large rubber dildo around and around on her hard swollen clitoris, with great determination to please both of them.

John lay back, softly playing with his cock, as he watched with interest the expression on Zil's face as she worked the rubber dick ever so slowly into her hole. She loved to take her time; there was no rushing her when she did it just for him. Letting him see how she built up the desire to be fucked by this fuck toy of theirs. Soon she was starting to pant a little as she felt all those gorgeous cunty feelings flowing up over her body, from her toes to her head. Smacking her lips now as she got the calling deep down inside to just fuck the 'Dick' hard, and cum all over it.

She looked deep into John's eyes. Her face was hot and flushed with her total enjoyment for sex. She glowered at him with wanton lust. Lusting to do his biddings, to be his special spunk slut, to be his very own favorite fuck toy. "I love you, you fucking gorgeous man!" she hissed at him as she felt she was loosing it, on the point of no return.

"Fuck harder then!" he urged her.

She quickened her thrusting with the 'Dick', with it now as deep as it could go without losing it out of her hand.

"Yes ... that's it, cum Darling ... cum for me!" 

Zil rived on the rug and arching her back cried out "Oh fuck! ... Yes John ...YES!"

Bucking hard upwards onto her hand, she climaxed several times with the 'Dick' totally out of sight deep inside her cunt and only just gripped by her finger tips. 

John kissed her in long loving embraces as she trembled over and over with little after shocks from her massive orgasm.

"Now ride me Darling ... go on ride me!" He ordered, as she lay there still twitching and whimpering softly, not wanting to give her a moments rest to recover her senses fully.

Zil could be pretty rough whenever she rode him and straddled her cunt on top of his cock. Rubbing her clitty hard on the root of his cock, while leaning backwards slightly to make John's almost painful upright cock touch her in new places deep inside her cunt while she bounced up and down like a wild thing. 

It brought her off beautifully. Several times she came and hardly stopped before riding on for more orgasms. She was now purring softly as if slightly drunk, sexed totally out of her mind.

John ran his fingers up the crack of her arse as she sat on him and pulling her forwards to kiss him, stuck one finger up her tight little bum-hole.

"Do you want to?" he asked, as he wiggled his finger temptingly inside her.

"Oh yes!" she replied obligingly sliding off John and kneeling on all four in front of him.

He opened the goodie bag again and took out a packet of rubbers and a tube of lube. Softly applying the lube to Zil's arse hole, and working some on his fingers gently inside her ring, he passed the rubbers to her and she opened one from its sleeve and turned to peel it down the shaft of his cock. When all was ready and John thought her opened up enough for a bit of 'bum-buggery', she knelt again before him with her head down on the rug and he positioned himself behind her and ever so gently rubbed the knob of his cock up and down her exposed arse hole.

Zil purred like a cat, moving backwards and forwards trying catching that illusive knob up her hole. John held her by the hips and keeping perfectly still let Zil sink back slowly onto him.

She gasped and smacked her lips loudly as she felt that knob head pop suddenly into her sphincter. She was his. 

He kept very still and after a good minute had passed Zil started to move her arse around on him. Very slowly he slipped into her and Zil groaned and smacked her lips as she started to cum. Three times he let her cum with his cock hard up her arse and then with both of them almost out of their minds, he pulled out of her and tearing off the rubber condom thrust his cock up Zil's cunt for the final shoot out.

"Oh yes John ... Finish me ... Fuck me hard Darling!" she cried out.

Not a long drawn out seeing to this time, just desperate screwing till he could shoot his load in to her.

He rolled her over, still firmly up her, and with legs ago-go, she was on her back and now got those lovely legs of hers up over his shoulders and let him pound down into her just like she loved it. Pinned to the ground with nowhere to go except cum on his cock.

He looked into those smoldering eyes of hers' as she talked dirty to him, biting her bottom lip and begging him to knock her off! Finish her off ... fuck her off ... just so long as he shot it off into her.

"Soon Darling ... oh soon!" He gasped.

Zil felt it coming. Felt the tightening of his balls and his pounding cock growing even harder, as he nodded to her "Yes ...OH YES. NOW!"

They were both cut of in mid sentence as both their bodies climaxed together. One shooting it's hot spermy seed deep into the depths of a cunt, the other crashing down and milking that pulsating spunk spitting shaft for every last drop of joy it had in it.

The End