 Josh woke up in Kat's bed with his arms stretched wide. They weren't alone.

Leslie, Hannah, Sara, and Mariana were pressed in around him and Kat, all of them naked and covered in sweat. Mariana's face was plastered in dried cum. Sara's gorgeous ass was shoved right up against his cock. Leslie and Hannah were coiled together in sapphic perfection, and Kat stared back at him with ecstatic joy.

Josh tried to savor the vision before the dream ended. When he truly woke, Kat was shifting against him, and he could feel the wetness between her legs already.

"Pleasant dreams?"

Kat looked over her shoulder, wiggling her hips into place. She was radiant in the morning light, and Josh had no trouble maintaining his wet dream hardness while staring back at her.

"I was dreaming of you," he said.

She smirked. "Just me? Where's your sense of adventure, Josh?"

He grabbed her leg and lifted it in the air as he plunged his cock into her eager pussy. Kat gasped, and he pumped her cunt with rough, powerful thrusts.

"I think you're adventure enough for right now."

"Aaauuh! Stop talking and fuck me."

He did, moving one hand up over her firm breast and the other tangling in her long red hair. He kept up his heavy thrusts for as long as he could, and he felt her orgasm just as his own was coming. They were getting good at timing simultaneous climaxes, even if she usually preferred to have a few more before he finished off.

She slipped away from him and stood, cum dripping down her leg. She grabbed a pair of panties from her dresser and pulled them on, cum seeping into them already.

"Won't those be uncomfortable later?"

She looked down at the stain on her crotch. "Probably, but I can't go commando right now when you've made such a mess. I'll take them off later, after they've soaked up a little more of your cum. Then I'll be ready for more."

Josh smiled. "God, you're insatiable."

She shimmied seductively and rubbed herself over her wet panties. "I've often wondered why I didn't get five male roommates and have myself a gangbang every other evening. I could be covered head to toe in sperm right now."

Josh chuckled and lay back on the bed. "This place would be wrecked within a week with that many guys. I think this is a much better arrangement."

Kat grabbed her phone off the bedside table and scrolled a bit. "That's just because there's so much pussy and only one cock. Well, only one real cock anyway. Now sit still for a moment."

Josh raised an eyebrow as Kat's flash went off and her phone chirruped. He was completely naked on the bed, his cock still half-hard and glistening from being inside her. She scrutinized the photo for a second and then nodded before putting it away.

"What was that about?"

She smiled and leaned in for a kiss. "Nothing to worry about. Just something for my own amusement."

Josh pulled her face close to his and they kissed for a long moment before parting. "I guess I should get dressed. I told Leslie I would go for a jog with her this morning."

"Yeah? Good luck. She's going to run circles around you out there."

Josh grimaced. Leslie was really into her fitness routine, and he was going to have to fight to keep up with her, especially after the pounding he gave Kat. "At least I'll have a good view of her ass while I'm trying to catch up."

Kat laughed and pulled on a pair of loose shorts over her cum soaked panties. "Just ask Hannah before you start ogling her woman. Leslie might be an Amazon, but Hannah's got that girl on a leash."

"Hah! Noted. I'm sure I'll be too busy dying to do much ogling anyway."

Kat tossed him his clothes and left the room, still holding her own shirt in her hand. He wondered if she was trying to advertise their lovemaking to the rest of the house to scare the other girls off or if she was simply a shameless exhibitionist. With that dream this morning, he was really hoping it was the latter.

Leslie was waiting for him on the front porch, bent over stretching. Josh's hard-on came back with a vengeance. Her shorts were basically painted on, her toned ass and perfect cameltoe begging him to bury his face in their creases.

Leslie looked up at Josh with a smile, her head between her shins. "Pretty impressive, huh?"

"Wh-what?"

She stood straight, hands on her hips. She didn't look mad. "I'm not a gymnast, but I've got mad flexibility. I can show you some stretches that might help you loosen up a bit too, when we get back."

Josh's brain reasserted itself - she thought he was watching her stretch. He really had to keep it together, or he really would have to worry about Hannah coming after him. "Oh, yeah, sure. You look like you've got a lot to teach."

She slapped him on the shoulder and grinned. "Plenty. Come on, I'll race you to the stream, then we can take it easy."

She did not take it easy. Leslie was a machine when she ran, and Josh's prediction was proving all too true for his liking. He was barely keeping up with Wonder Woman, and by the time they reached the stream, he couldn't even remember why he'd been ogling her in the first place. Clearly, this superior being was beyond the pathetic thrusts of mortal men.

At least she was sweating a bit. Josh felt like he'd soaked through his shorts ten times over and his lungs were on fire. He didn't dare sit down, for worry that he wouldn't get back up. He just leaned on his legs and panted by the bank of stream.

Leslie returned to her super hero pose, hands on hips, wide grin, chest out defiantly. "You did well! I didn't know if you'd be able to keep up, but you've surpassed my expectations."

Josh wheezed in reply.

Leslie looked out over the stream and took in a deep breath, already returning to normal. Then her phone chimed and she pulled it out of its upper arm sheath. Josh couldn't see what she was doing, but he heard her breath catch. He looked up, and her eyes were bugged out staring at the screen.

"What is it?"

She blushed deeply and nearly dropped her phone in the stream before returning to her armband. "Nothing," she squeaked, totally incongruous with the powerful runner he'd just witnessed.

Josh caved and sat down. "Okay. Well, I think I'm going to just sit here for a minute and massage my legs. I'd like to massage my lungs back into shape, but that seems like a bad idea."

Leslie giggled nervously, then knelt down in front of him, taking one of his ankles and rubbing it. "Ha, yeah. Here...let me help you."

"It's alright, you don't have to do that."

She didn't look up at him, but shook her head. "Don't worry about it. It's just like rubbing down a horse. Your legs aren't used to that kind of running, so you need to yeah..."

Josh didn't argue. She clearly knew what she was doing, and it felt very good. Very, very good. He looked down and saw Leslie gazing intensely at her hands. She was working on his calves, but her eyes drifted up to the rapidly engorging mass at his crotch.

"Just like a horse," she muttered and licked her lips.

Josh was in an oxygen starved trance, his lungs still working to find equilibrium. He didn't object when she moved her hands up to his thighs and kneaded the muscles there. His cock was hard as rock and Leslie couldn't take her eyes off it, but Josh was thinking back to the house and to Hannah. A few more inches and Leslie would have her hands on him, and he'd be toast. He'd never be able to look Hannah in the eye and Kat's experiment would implode.

Leslie reached forward, ready to take the plunge, but Josh grabbed her hand before she could grasp his cock.

"Wait, Leslie, what are we doing? What about Hannah?"

Leslie pulled back, clearly shocked with herself. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I don't...I don't know what came over me."

Josh put a hand on her shoulder. "It's alright. I'm really flattered - you're completely out of my league - but I don't want to get between you and Hannah. I didn't even think you liked men."

She glanced back at his bulge and swallowed. "I'm with Hannah, but she's the first woman I've ever dated. She's my soulmate and we've got toys and stuff, but it's been a long while since I've had some real meat. We talked about finding me some playmates, but she always got jealous watching them fuck me, so we gave up on that."

Josh nodded, but he thought about her phone. Why him? Something about the timing bothered him. "What was that text you got?"

She blushed again, but she took out her phone and faced it toward him. Sure enough, it was the photo of him on Kat's bed, completely naked. Underneath was a text: it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission - K

Josh shook his head in disbelief. "I guess you've mentioned it to Kat before?"

"Yeah," said Leslie. "She was one who hooked us up with those other guys."

They sat there for a moment, not moving. He was still stiff and straining against his briefs. Leslie must have noticed, because she licked her lips again, her eyes bright with lust. "C-can I see it at least?" 

Josh was somewhat reluctant, but his cock was making the decisions now. He pulled down his waistband and let his dick spring free. Leslie gasped softly, fully engrossed.

"It looks bigger in person," she said. "It's almost the same size as Hannah's cock. Her strap-on, I mean."

Leslie was inching closer again, but he wasn't inclined to stop her anymore. His cock was throbbing with anticipation, and he wouldn't say no to a goddess like her. He'd been dreaming of her naked form in bed with him last night.

Her fingers wrapped around his member, squeezing gently. She leaned in, her open mouth hovering so close to his cock. "I...maybe if it's just my mouth..."

He watched as she fought her instincts, nearly drooling over his erect penis. He put his hand lightly on the back of her head, and she closed the gap without further protest.

Josh groaned as Leslie's lips worked their magic on him. She wasn't quite as skilled as Mariana, but she attacked him with the vigor of a Spartan soldier and the hunger of a starving man. The angle was awkward, but she still seemed so graceful, her muscular body pressing toward his.

She pumped him with one hand while she bobbed up and down, using the other to stabilize herself. Josh was enjoying the attention to his cock, but he was dying to see more of her. Her jogging clothes didn't leave much to the imagination, but he wanted to know first-hand just how firm her breasts were and how tight her pussy.

Leslie looked up at him, lips still wrapped around his shaft, and he could see that she wanted more. She backed off, her chin wet with saliva. They didn't say anything, but she pulled her top up over her tits. She had adorable little nipples, dark pink and protruding.

He reached in and felt them. He rolled the nipples between his fingers and she gasped with pleasure. Then he put his hands on her hip and helped her onto her knees. His heart was pounding, but she was just as excited as he was. He hooked his thumbs in her waistband and pulled her shorts and panties down to her knees.

She had a thick blonde patch of pubic hair around her pussy, which surprised him. She looked so smooth and lithe, he'd just assumed she'd be bald down there. Still, he wasn't complaining. Her lips were engorged with blood and hot as a bitch in heat. His cock was aching to bury itself in her.

Leslie looked back, eyes full of lust. "What are you waiting f-"

He plunged right in. She squeaked, and he worried that he'd hurt her, but when he tried to back up, she grabbed his wrist and pulled him back in.

"Oh my god, I've missed this."

Josh grunted his assent. She was tight - her pussy muscles were as toned as the rest of her body. She was squeezing down on him like a vice so that with every stroke he had to fight back the rising tide of his orgasm.

"Yes, yes, yes," she cried as she bounced against him. It was like she wanted him to crash into her with every thrust.

He kept his hands on her hips, trying to focus on stopping himself from cumming. Between the blowjob and the general excitement of their situation, he wasn't going to last long. If he came now, there's no way he'd convince her to go for a second round later on.

Just then, she stopped, resting against his pelvis. She turned and looked back to him. "Let's try it on your back."

He didn't argue. Pulling out gave him a few seconds to catch his breath and ease the tension building at the base of his cock. He lay back and his Amazon came and straddled him. She rubbed his cock against her clit for a moment before letting him slip between her folds.

"Oh, that's much better."

Leslie sank all the way down, taking him right up to the hilt. Then she went to work, grinding her hips against him with athletic enthusiasm. She was pressing into him hard enough to restrict some of his bloodflow, and he wasn't as worried about blowing early. Josh sat back and watched her extract her pleasure from him in gyrating arcs.

When she came, it rippled down her like an earthquake, and it felt like his cock was going to be crushed in her spasms. He fought to keep the discomfort off his face, and when Leslie looked down, he smiled to see the joyful relief spreading across her own face. She looked angelic, glistening with sweat and smiling ear to ear.

"Did you finish too," she asked.

"Uhh, I think I might have wilted, actually."

She sat up and pulled off him. His flaccid cock slipped out and plopped against his stomach.

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry! I didn't realise-"

Josh held his hands up. "It's okay. That was great. I'll be good again in a minute, if you want..."

She grinned. "Definitely, though it's probably for the best that you didn't cum in me. I'm not on birth control or anything."

Josh blanched. "Oh, well maybe we should stop then."

She gripped his cock and started working him back up. "Nah, it's alright. You can cum in my mouth instead. It's been awhile since I've tasted sperm."

He couldn't argue with that. Leslie repositioned herself again and sucked his cock into her mouth. She kept eye contact with him the whole time, even when she snuck one of her fingers back towards his ass. He jolted when she pressed up against his rosebud, and within a minute, he tensed up and said, "I'm cumming."

Leslie pulled up and clamped down on the head of his cock as it pulsed out thick ropes of sperm. She caught it all in her mouth, and when he was finished, she opened up and showed him the load. Then she swallowed it down in two large gulps.

"Wow, that was..."

Leslie licked her lips and grinned at him. "Still got it."

Josh let out a deep breath. "Yeah, you're pretty good at that for a lesbian."

She raised an eyebrow at him. "If you still think I'm a lesbian after that, I guess you don't want to go again."

Josh put his hands up in supplication. "You can be whatever you want to be. And not yet, but later? This was amazing."

"Let me talk to Hannah. This might be an arrangement she could get behind."

Josh pulled up his pants. "I don't want to mess up your relationship. This was just a little harmless fun, right?"

She nodded. "Exactly. Just let me talk to her."

Leslie put herself back together and they headed home. Kat and Mariana were there when they walked in.

"You were gone for quite a while," said Mariana.

Kat came up and gave Josh a kiss. "How was your run?"

Josh looked to Leslie. She winked at him.

"She's quick," he said, "but I think I held my own."

Kat grinned. "Well you can tell me all about it later. For now, it looks like you could use a shower."

Josh wasn't sure that he was ready to take up running as a hobby. Besides, he was going to be getting plenty of exercise, one way or another.