 On the way home from work Jamieson Fletcher strode into Sylvia's juice bar and seated himself on a stool at the counter.

As Mayor of Little Falls, Jamieson - or Jim to his friends - worked hard at his job, which he often felt was a thankless task. He stopped at Sylvia's juice bar every day on the way in to work to collect a shot of wheatgrass juice, which his wife insisted he take for his health. Personally, he felt he would do better getting down on his hands and knees and mowing his front lawn with his teeth, but hey, if the old lady said it was good, who was he to argue?

Sylvia spotted Jim from the back of the bar. She never allowed any of the younger girls to serve him - he was a VIP and she always saw to it that she served him personally. It was unusual for him to stop by at that time of day. She wondered if the Mayor had something on his mind.

"What can I get you today, Mayor?" Sylvia asked Jim.

"Ah, Sylvia," Jim replied. "I'm not sure there's anything you can help me with today. Just wanted to stop by and see a friendly face," he said. And arse, he thought!

At forty-five years old, Sylvia was dynamite in cotton-lycra gym shorts. Her juice bar was right next door the to local gym, and thanks to her personal trainer son, Alexander, she had made more than an impressive effort at fighting off the effects of age. As she leaned across the bar, Jim allowed his eyes to linger on the round tops of her breasts, which seemed impossibly more pert than they should have been. He imagined gripping those tits in his hands, squeezing them, slapping them, pinching the nipples until they turned purple.

"You're always welcome here Mayor," Sylvia said soothingly. "In fact, I've got a couple of things I wanted to go over with you. I wonder if you wouldn't mind coming upstairs?"

Jim's eyebrows rose. Upstairs? He was unaware there was anything upstairs of Sylvia's juice bar.

"What seems to be the problem?" Jim asked, curiosity starting to creep in around the edge of his voice.

"I'll show you," Sylvia said. She walked to the end of the bar then stepped out into the walkway. "Up here," she said, pushing a door open to reveal a steep staircase leading up and away from the shop.

Jim rose from his seat. He adjusted his belt and felt his cock twitch. He'd known Sylvia for years. If she needed help, he thought, he would certainly give it. He walked over to where she stood and allowed her to lead the way forward. Sylvia was dressed in a little denim mini skirt coupled with a skimpy white singlet and four-inch high wedge heeled slip-ons. As she sashayed up the stairs, he let his eyes drift up the long smooth line of her legs and was astounded to note he could see the round globes of her arse-cheeks just barely covered by her skirt. Surely she wore underwear? A g-string, he decided.

At the top of the stairs Sylvia pushed a black door open and indicated that the Mayor should follow her inside. Jim was two steps behind her - when he reached the open door, he was stunned to see the interior of the studio upstairs. It was not a dusty, dowdy office as he'd expected. Instead he was greeted by a room with walls painted entirely in black. A red carpet trailed from the door over to a black leather sofa which Sylvia stood beside, her left hand on her hip, her right leg slightly bent, her head tilted forward, her lips moist and parted.

"Come in," Sylvia said. Jim swallowed the saliva that had collected in his watering mouth. He stepped over the threshold and allowed the door to swing shut behind him.

"Sylvia." Jim said, entirely lost for words.

"I'll tell you about my problem, Mayor Fletcher," Sylvia said, stepping backwards and seating herself on the arm of the leather sofa.

"What is it?" Jim said breathlessly, his heart beginning to race, his cock beginning to harden.

Sylvia twisted her body on the sofa arm, pivoting on her hip then turning onto her stomach to lean over the arm, her arse thrust in the air, her buttocks wantonly spread, the blonde hair between her legs just visible, confirming to Jim that she was, in fact, not wearing any underwear at all.

"I've been bad," Sylvia said from where she bent forward. She reached around with her right hand, clasped the hem of her short skirt and hitched it up to her waist, revealing a brilliantly coloured Chinese dragon tattoo positioned high on the right cheek. "I wonder if you'd like to punish me?" She turned her head to look at Jim, and he returned her gaze, incredulous that she was offering herself to him like this.

"Sylvia. I," Jim spluttered.

"Please, Mayor," Sylvia begged. "I need it!" Jim looked at Sylvia's arse-cheeks, so smooth, so round, just waiting for his hand to make a mark. There was nothing for it. Jim walked straight over to the sofa, took off his suit jacket, tossed it on the floor and unbuttoned the cuff of his white cotton shirt.

"Tell me how bad you've been Sylvia," he said matter of factly.

"Very bad," Sylvia replied. "I've fucked two of the gym instructors already this afternoon, and I sucked another one's cock this morning," she said.

Jim rolled up his sleeve and raised his hand. 

"How could you?" he said coldly and brought his hand down, smack, against the soft underside of Sylvia's right butt-cheek. The sound echoed around the dungeon studio. Sylvia allowed a little moan escape from between her lips, but Jim did not pause to listen. He quickly delivered a blow to her left butt-cheek, then began alternating slaps in quick succession to Sylvia's arse, and watched with satisfaction as the white skin began to turn pink under his administrations.

All these years Jim had been coming to Sylvia's juice bar, ordering his daily juice, chatting to her about nothing in particular, never suspecting that she was hiding a fully fledged dungeon in the room above. He had always considered she was entirely fuckable, and had never bothered to hide the fact that his eyes freely feasted on her tits whenever she wore a revealing top - which was virtually every day of her life. He had never thought to proposition her - okay so he was married, but that was a given. He'd had little strumpets throwing themselves at him ever since the day he was elected to the Mayoral office. And he'd taken great pleasure in fucking every single one of them with little or no care about his reputation. He knew they'd keep their mouths shut - it went without saying. But Sylvia? He'd never in his wildest dreams thought he would get a chance to get his mitts on her tidy little arse. Spanking her like this, he knew he would go further, but he wanted to finish the job at hand first.

When Sylvia's moans turned to gasps, Jim paused and looked around the room.

"Have you had enough, slut?" Jim quipped.

"No, Mayor," Sylvia replied. "I'm a dirty slut and I should be punished for it!" she whimpered.

Jim spied a black double flex paddle hanging on the wall over near the window. He strode over to it, grabbed it from its hook and walked back to where Sylvia still lay prone over the side of the sofa arm. Her buttocks were entirely burnished now. They glowed red, but he knew she could take more. Jim angled the paddle just so and began to strike lightly on Sylvia's already tortured flesh. He watched as each blow impacted against the roundness, lifting it slightly, then falling away again when he drew back the paddle for another strike.

Sylvia had been leaning on her elbows over the sofa arm, but now it seemed she'd lost all control of her body and was lying limp, emitting little whimpering sounds with her eyes squeezed shut.

"Have you had enough?" Jim demanded.

"Yes, Mayor," Sylvia whispered. "Yes, it's enough."

"I don't think it is," Jim stated frankly. He stepped up behind Sylvia, grabbed her skirt and hitched it even higher. He pushed her legs apart with his knees, unbuckled his trousers and allowed them to drop to his ankles. Jim lightly clasped Sylvia's left arse-cheek with his fist and pried it away from the crack to cast his eyes on her tight little anus. It contracted as he looked, so he reached down with his right hand and slid two fingers along Sylvia's juice-filled trench, found her swollen clit, and tweaked it with one short sharp pinch. Sylvia gasped and Jim took his hand away. He dragged his white cotton shorts down to his knees and grabbed his burning cock.

"So slut," Jim said to Sylvia. "I hope your cunt isn't too sloppy from all the fucking you've done today. Because I'm going to fuck you now and I know you want it."

"Please, Mr Mayor," Sylvia moaned. "Oh, please. Fuck me!"

Jim dragged his dripping cock up and down Sylvia's trench, lubricating it in her cunt juices. She was wetter than wet. She wanted him - it was obvious. He positioned the head of his cock at the opening of her throbbing hole, and drove forward as she cried out in surprise.

"Didn't think it would be that big, did you?" Jim breathed in Sylvia's ear.

"No, sir!" she moaned, angling her arse upwards, welcoming the Mayor's invasion of her cunt.

Jim began pounding away at Sylvia at a furious pace. She might have fucked two pussy-whipped gym instructors already today, but her cunt still gripped tightly to his thick cock. That was why so many girls threw themselves at him - his cock, it was all about his legendary cock. They all wanted to try it - see if they could handle it.

Sylvia's hips made squelching sounds against the soft leather of the sofa as sweat began to build up from the hammering she was taking. Jim gripped her by the waist and held her still while he drove into her again and again, his breathing rapidly increasing, the tension in his balls building as he felt his orgasm approach. He was momentarily surprised when Sylvia's cunt suddenly contracted around his cock and her body went into delicious little convulsions. But he didn't care - his own climax was coming and he concentrated on clenching the muscles in his thighs as he reached the edge and pushed himself over it, never pausing, never missing a beat, ejaculating a mammoth load of hot cum within.

Sylvia's cunt throbbed from the Mayor's zealous penetration. Its warm twitchings slowed as Jim slid his spent cock out of Sylvia's over-extended hole.

"Sylvia!" Jim said grabbing her by the hips and turning her over on the sofa. Her arse sank onto the seat, her knees bent as she left her legs draped over the arm of the chair. Her face was flushed but she was smiling, her eyes hooded, her mouth moist.

"Thank you, Mayor," she whispered, her chest heaving for breath.

"No Sylvia," Jim said. "Thank you! Thank you very much."

Sylvia lay along the sofa on her back. Seeing her lying there like that made the Mayor forget all about the horrendous day he'd had at City Hall. He kicked off his shoes and socks, then dumped his trousers and boxers, leaving his ample cock dangling free under his white business shirt. He wasn't a sporto anymore, but careful diet had meant his body retained a relatively good shape. He was proud that his arse hadn't yet begun to sag.

Jim wandered over to the wall where he'd found the double flex paddle, and examined the other equipment hanging in a neat and orderly fashion on hooks and shelves. He reached forward and selected a slim riding crop then turned and headed back over to Sylvia who was still recuperating on the sofa.

"I don't think I'm done yet," Jim said. He grabbed the front of Sylvia's white singlet, bunched it up in his fist then tore it off her torso. Tossing the ruined shirt aside, Jim's eyes returned to gaze lecherously at Sylvia's extraordinary tits, which to his amazement, she hadn't even bothered to contain in a bra of any description. They were large - twice the size of his wife's - with neat pink nipples in the centre, the areolas puckered with arousal, the nipples themselves standing pointed and erect. Jim leaned over and grabbed Sylvia's left breast. He squeezed it ferociously, feeling its fullness, wanting badly to get his mouth on it. Instead he released it and watched it wobble back into place.

"Great tits," Jim said looking Sylvia directly in the eye.

"Thank you Mayor," Sylvia said. "Hurt them!" Jim's face broke into a leer.

"My pleasure," he growled then grasped Sylvia's left nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He watched her face as he began to pinch, applying more and more pressure to the delicate skin while dragging it up and away from Sylvia's chest. Jim continued to hold the pinch, his own skin going white with the effort until finally Sylvia released a little yelp.

"Ah!" Jim said, approval brimming over in his voice. "There's a good slut." He stepped back and away from the sofa, sliced the riding crop through the air twice to test its weight, then without warning, took a fierce side-on swipe at Sylvia's tortured tit, delighting to hear her squeal with pain.

"That's what I like," Jim said. He reached over and struck the other tit in the exact same way, then watched with pleasure as the blood rose in each and rushed to form a round circle of rouge where the crop had come into contact with the smooth white flesh. Jim dropped the crop then kneeled beside the sofa to clasp the top of Sylvia's left breast while he cupped the right with his other hand. He was salivating already when he bent his head and extended his tongue to tantalise the tip of one nipple. Sylvia moaned at the sensation - the saliva cool against her burning sensitive skin, Jim closed his mouth around the entire areola then and began to suck insistently, his lips massaging the outer ring of skin while his tongue tickled the nipple tip.

Then without warning, Jim closed his teeth around Sylvia's nipple and began to bite down hard. Already tense from the tit torture, Sylvia gasped for breath, the pain intensifying and becoming almost too excruciating to bear. And the more she moaned the harder the Mayor bit down until Sylvia was convinced he intended to bite her nipple right off.

She began to squirm on the sofa so Jim took his hand away from her right breast, trailed his fingers lazily down across her belly then drove them between her legs and deep within her cunt. He didn't need to say it - she knew what he meant: don't move slut. Immediately Sylvia forced herself to be still, her mind focused on the pain at her breast - white, burning, utterly unbearable. Finally Jim removed his mouth from her nipple and licked his lips.

"That's good," he said. "I like a woman who knows how to behave." Jim turned his attention to the fingers on his left hand, still buried deep within Sylvia's cunt. He rested his thumb against her already swollen clitoris and began to massage her g-spot within. Sylvia gazed up at Jim, her pupils dilated, eyes wide.

"Let me taste your cock," she begged. Jim was happy to comply. Still massaging her cunt, Jim threw a leg over Sylvia's head, raised himself off the floor and positioned himself over her face with his knees on either side of her head. His long fat cock hung against her lips. She opened her mouth and he lowered his cock into the warm wet cavity. Sylvia closed her lips around the shaft and began to slide them up and down the length of it, her mouth stretched, hardly able to cope with the breadth of the thing.

Thrilled to receive such a service, Jim slid his fingers from within Sylvia's slippery cunt and bent forward to bury his face between her legs. Her scent was maddening - a mixture of cunt juices and cum that he'd just deposited there. He ran his tongue down the length of her trench then tilted his chin forward to drag his five o'clock shadow across the sensitive swollen skin. Sylvia moaned with Jim's cock stuffed in her mouth. She continued to lave at the large vein on the underside of his cock, its head jiggling at the back of her throat, forcing her to produce even more saliva in her mouth.

Jim pushed Sylvia's legs open wider then lowered his head between her thighs and positioned his chin against her clit. He forced his tongue into the hot opening of her hole and nestled his nose against the skin below it then set up a steady licking motion, and was thrilled to hear Sylvia begin to moan uncontrollably under his administrations.

Her mouth on his cock was sensational. He began to thrust his hips and back forth and marvelled at how she never once gagged on his more than average sized member. Sylvia's lips continued to slide up and down the length of the shaft, almost to the base, the head of his cock lost somewhere in the depths of her throat. Jim returned his attention to his tongue work, his hands gripping Sylvia by the thighs, forcing her to keep her clit against his rough stubble, never once allowing her to relieve the pressure.

But Jim could feel his balls tightening and his knew his climax was close. He licked faster at Sylvia's cunt, wanting to keep her approaching orgasm in time with his own - he knew if he came first he'd entirely lose his focus and he wouldn't have her suck him off without coming at the same time.

Jim felt the flesh around Sylvia's cunt begin to contract - he licked and sucked and massaged, his face now entirely covered with the juices from her cunt. His breathing quickened as he heard Sylvia gurgle around her own saliva. Finally Jim could stand it no more - he clenched his butt-cheeks, tensed his thighs and thrust his cock deeper into Sylvia's mouth, giving her no chance but to swallow his cum. Sylvia banged her hips up against Jim's head, bucking uncontrollably, his chin scraping against her clit until finally she groaned with ecstasy and came all over Jim's face.

Jim lifted his head, took a deep breath and reached over to pick up Sylvia's torn t-shirt from the floor. He leaned back on his haunches and Sylvia released his cock from her mouth. Jim wiped Sylvia's cunt juices from his face with the shirt and looked down into Sylvia's eyes.

"Woman," he said, "you are one incredible fuck."