 I woke to find you naked beside me. We have slept like babies because of our lovemaking last night. Your warm and tender breast is pressing against my arm as you slowly stir in your sleep. The nipple hardens, or is it just my imagination? 

I gently touch your right breast and bend my lips to the nipple, nibbling on it with just my lips. Softly, gently, not wanting to wake you, I pay homage to your breasts taking my time and causing your skin to flutter from the stimulation. Your nipple hardens and elongates as my tongue slowly and gently wakes it from its sleep. Your breathing deepens and I look up to make sure I haven't woken you. You sleep on with a smile on your face.

I slowly inch myself away from your body and start slowly kissing my way down between your breasts, your morning doves. I lick the valley between your two breasts with feathery touches and work my way to your navel watching the fluttering skin as a slowly trace my way down your torso. I work my tongue around your navel and, as you awaken, you moan softly and then you gently push my face lower, urging me onward to greater efforts. I know what you want, but I resist your pushing, maintaining contact with your supersensitive navel, driving you wild with desire for me to get down to your pussy and lap the juices you have stored there just for my ravishing tongue. You start squirming as your passion grows. You push my face towards your pussy with even more force than before.

Giving in to your pressure, I trace the line of fine hairs downward from your navel towards the essence of your womanhood. My tongue encounters the first wispy hairs on your pubes and stops there savoring the smell and taste of last night's lovemaking. My nose encourages my cock to harden even more, my tongue gives my cock still yet more steel for our near future lovemaking.  Slowly, tasting you as I go, I lick further downward deliberately avoiding your pussy lips and your clit. I lick up the insides of both legs. I pay homage to the sensitive areas just below your labia. I slowly and gently lick and nip your legs as I begin to move back upward towards your heavenly pussy, already gleaming with your pussy juices which are leaking and drawing my tongue closer and closer with their musky smell. 

You reach down and find my cock hardened with desire and gently tug it towards you urging me to swing my legs around so you can pleasure me as I pleasure you. But I fake resistance knowing that resistance is futile and that you will have you way with me as I am with you. As I continue to lick all around your pussy making you squirm trying to put my lips on your labia, you start to tease the head of my cock, sticking your tongue in the slit in the end, tasting the remnants of last night's fantastic orgasms and my sperm. I am finally licking your lower lips and tasting both of us on them. The smell and the taste only act to spur me on and I attack your clit with a fervor that I find impossible to describe. You mouth covers the head of my cock and you apply a suction in hopes of eventually drawing my sperm from my balls. I moan aloud as your lips touch the base of my dick and your tongue gently washes my two sperm laden balls.

Not a word has been said by either of us. We are together in knowing what we want and how to get it. We have no need for spoken words. Our only signs of passion are our moans and the sounds of our tongues working on each other.

Abandoning your clit and your pussy, I drop my head lower and lick your ass rimming it over and over again until your body lifts itself off the bed trying to force my tongue ever deeper into this forbidden hole. By now, the smell and taste of your body has my cock harder than it has ever been before and the head is turning purple as you suck the blood to the end. I feel the urge to cum in your mouth and start thinking about anything but that feeling, not wanting to end our lovemaking this soon.  I have plans for that sperm. It is going to go deep into your womb. Gently I pull my cock from your mouth and turn you over onto your stomach. I lift your ass off the bed and position my erection at the entrance to your pussy, feeling the hairs tickle the head of my cock, feeling the moisture flowing from between your legs as your body tells me that it is ready to be fucked to orgasm after orgasm. Slowing I push my purple headed cock deep into your cunt. As I feel you pushing back against me, I pull back. When you realize that the only way you are going to get my cock balls deep inside your pussy is to let me do the work, you relax and let me enter you slowing and gently. My hands hold your hips as I gently push deeper and deeper into your love canal. I lift your legs up to your breasts and bottom out deeper and deeper with each slow stroke. I push in until I cannot go any further and then slowly withdraw until just the round head of my cock remains inside your cunt lips. Then I slowly enter again.

Soon, all of my cock is buried so deep in your pussy that I can feel your cervix with my cockhead and my balls are resting against your very hard, elongated clit. Then I start a slow pumping in and out, pulling out until just the cockhead remains between your pussy lips. Then relentlessly pushing deep inside once again pounding you into the mattress and forcing the breath out of you with each penetration . Your pussy feels so hot and wet and yet so tight around my cock that the feelings are unbelievable. Your moans tell me that I am hitting all the right spots in all the right ways. I dip a finger into the juices flowing from your pussy and probe your ass with it adding still more stimulation to this horizontal dance of love. 

I pick up the pace. A second finger finds its way into your asshole. Your moans are deeper and last longer as I begin to pound deeply into your pussy mathcing my tempo with my fingers. Then, I stop. You look at me over your shoulder. As you do, I push as hard as I can into your pussy while adding a third finger to your asshole. You scream as your orgasm hits you like a ton of bricks. I start pumping once again as fast and as deep as I can go. Your moans turn to screams for a second time before I give a loud bellow and with one last lunge into the deepest part of your pussy I spray my seed deep within you. You wiggle trying to keep my cock hard, knowing that it won't stay the way you want it, but you try. You gently massage my balls drawing every last precious drop or sperm from the tip of my cock. 

Eventually, my cock comes out with a soft plop and you quickly cover it with your mouth slurping up both of our juices and trying to put new steel in it. I swing around and taste my cum oozing from your pussy.  I lick like a man possessed gulping down our combined juices as you clean my cock. Then I swing around and plant a long, lingering kiss on your mouth. We are both spent from our exertions and lie in the bed in the wonderful afterglow of mutual orgasms.

"Good morning, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?"

"I only dreamed all night about your cock, but it was a nice dream and you fucked me eight days to Sunday--just like you did a few minutes ago."

"Well, my dreams were of your succulent pussy clamped around my tongue and cock. The taste and smell of you drove me wild all night. I knew I had to wake up with a hardon for you and I knew just what to do with that hardon, didn't I?"

"Yes, and between your cock and your tongue, you have made me very happy to wake up this morning. Hungry?"

"Only for you."

"We need to eat something. If we don't eat, we can't fuck each other silly."

We get up and without putting any clothes on we walk into the kitchen where I fix the morning coffee and you start breakfast.  Still naked, we eat our breakfast and drink our coffee while making small talk. After we are both done eating, we look at each other with renewed passion and strength. Without a further word between us, we go back to bed where we start our dance of love all over again.