 I sat on the train, my nose buried in a book, my body cloaked in every warm item that scattered the floor of my room that morning. The Chicago weather had just turned rigidly cold, a cold that had slipped my memory with all the hot summer fun of the previous year. Once again, it was time to bundle myself to bare the frigid Midwestern air that blew from Lake Michigan, whipping between each of the tall buildings to hit you like a freight truck, finding every nook and cranny in your full-body of winter armor. 

A look far from sexy, my full-length f aux down coat was zipped clear up to my mouth which was covered in a red scarf. I had pulled my hood over my gigantic knit red hat in hopes of fending off the piercing breezes old man winter flung my way. Somehow, winter still managed to slip its icy fingers between the teeth of my zipper and breathe its minty air between the spaces in my scarf. Entering the train was a blessing and the the perfect protection from the vengeful winter. I quickly grabbed the seat nearest the door, not caring who I pushed out of the way to sit down. With a sigh, I reached in my bag and pulled out my copy of Little Birds, transfixed by the exploits of the characters.

He entered the train in his casual thug style. Ear buds firmly implanted in the concaves of his ears, he nodded his head to the heavy bass that flowed from his black IPOD. He leaned against the pair of doors on the opposite side of the train, a practice seriously frowned upon by the CTA but giving me full view of his his urban warrior stance. 

His thumb beat in time to the house music issuing from an IPOD I hoped was stolen from some yuppie on the corner of Milwaukee and Damen as he scanned the train with his large brown eyes. My breath shortened as his muscular left hand holding the ipod caught my eye and the tanned muscles rippled as he turned the IPOD towards his face to change the song. Even the words of Anais Nin couldn't distract my thoughts of this urban Adonis. His muscular hands flashed in my mind, removing the outer articles of my clothing as his lips whispered dirty needs into my ear and I felt his breath on my neck. 

Realizing my bundled appearance was a poor representation of the hotness growing beneath its protection, I pulled the hood from head, along with my knitted cap and casually unzipped my sleeping bag-like jacket to mid chest. I loosened the scarf I had meticulously fixed around my upper torso and attempted to primp my appearance in hopes of looking at least half as appealing as the makeup ed blond girl sitting to my right, clutching her latest purchase from Marshall Fields. After my grand disrobing, I pretended to go back to my book in order to ogle my train crush over the pages of a book, the title of which I was too turned on to think about. 

Excerpts of fantasy raced through my mind as I gazed as my urban Adonis. His fictional hand lifting my bra, guiding my head, pinching bits of flesh and his lips tracing saliva in various crevices of my flesh. He felt my gaze and swiftly turned his head my way. A grin crossed his solid face and he nodded his head in acknowledgment of my heady gaze. My heart skipped and I nervously transfixed my eyes back to the page, wishing I had only imagined his acknowledgment to save myself embarrassment. I slowly raised my head once more to find him still grinning in my direction. 

Feeling more bold than I typically am, I gave a coy grin, emphasizing the sexual glimmer in my eye with a soft nod in his direction. 

The train doors opened and the rush freezing air jolted me out of the alternate universe where a gorgeous tan-skinned thug wished to caress the body of a bookish girl sexually aching to live the life of Anais Nin. 

"This is Halsted." announced the computer-like manly voice of the train announcement. "Doors open on the left at Halsted."

Realizing the train had arrived at my stop while I had been deep in fantasy, I jumped up, closing my book and rushed off the train and onto the frigid platform which was oddly uninhabited despite it being the middle of the day. I heard footsteps behind me as I made for the elevator to re-dress (put on, lace up, etc. look up) my winter wear and as I reached the threshold, I realized it was my gorgeous thug joining me in the elevator. I lost my breath and braced myself against the silver railing of the elevator as his sexy grin returned and he slyly pushed the stop button once the doors has shut. I had expected an alarm to sound alerting the cta workers of the stopped elevator but he must've known what he was doing for no alarm sounded and there was no cta worker in sight once the elevator was caught between the two floors. 

He said nothing as he approached me, his hands outstretched to place his hands on the bulge of my breasts. Through the padded jacket, I felt the electricity of his touch. He lowered his lips to mine and kissed me as deeply as I had imagined. I equaled his pushes as I grasped his hips and pulled his pelvis towards mine, lifting my lower rear onto the silver railing and opening my legs while he unzipped the zipper to my long jacket and roughly grabbed the underside of my thighs, lifting my knees to his shoulders and pushing himself between my legs. 

We stayed wrapped in this erotic position, rubbing our encased sensitive areas against one another, our breath exiting in soft white spurts against the cold air accompanied by moans of wanting pleasure. 

His lips traced the muscles in my neck and were quickly followed by his teeth, tasting my flesh as his hands lifted my bra and roughly kneaded them once they bounced out of their encasing. 

"We have to hurry." he breathed in a raspy en passioned voice. 

"Yeah," was all I could swiftly come up with, not wanting to waste the time with words. 

He undid the top button of my jeans and lowered the zipper as I did the same to him. He pulled off my pants and pushed my naked ass back onto the railing, lifting my legs and offering his exposed cock perfect admittance to my wet pussy. Without hesitation and before I could get a good look at it, he guided the hard tip of his dick to the entrance of my cunt and eased it inside, lifting my knees higher. The next second, he pushed his hardness deeper with a grateful groan. I could barely catch my breath in the dryness of the winter air and greatly enjoyed the freezing suffocation in juxtaposition to my wet heated longing being fed in rhythmic pace.

I came quicker than I had cum in months, the muscles of my cunt hugging his large erection and erupting as his pace quickened. He pulled himself out of me when I was done and pulled me off the railing. His hands grasped my hips and he turned me around, placing his left hand on the back of my neck, wordlessly instructing me to bend over. I placed my hands on the cold glass, bracing myself for his entrance which was as rough as I had hoped it would be. Without warning, he dove his entire erection into my dripping cunt, leveraging himself with the hand that constrained my upper back. The pull his cock had on my drying pussy made his cock rub roughly against my enlarged clit. His right hand pulled back and he smacked the right side of my pale ass, leaving a mark that grew pinker with the few smacks that followed. Knowing I had already cum, his intention was purely for his own subsequent explosion as he quickened the pace of his pounding, moving his hands from behind my neck to hold my hips in place. I looked over my shoulder to enjoy the ecstatic contortion of his features while he watched his cock go in and out of my wet hole. 

He let out a long grunt as his juice spurted into my pussy and I let out a moan myself, feeling my experience complete with his cum fresh in my cunt. 

We both quickly pulled up our jeans and fixed out clothing as our passion subsided into the satisfaction a good fucking can give. He pushed the button to the first floor and I smoothed my hair with my hands. I took a deep breath, enjoying the release of tension that follows getting off. 

"Thanks," he said in a deep voice as the elevator doors opened 

"Yeah," I said "You too." as I took my first step off the elevator. 

I looked back and waved while the elevator doors shut and he replaced the ear buds to his ears.