 One day while I'm out driving around looking for used cars I spot a white Chevelle with dark tinted windows. Being a classic car I decide to go take a closer look.

As I walk up to the car the first thing I notice is the red interior. Looks to be in good shape as I scan the front seats. Bench seating in good condition.

I walk around the car to get a better look at the back seats and as I walk around to the rear of the car I notice movement inside. I take a closer look and cupping my hands over the glass and looking in between my hands I see the image of a sexy blonde woman spread out across the bench seat.

She looks to be about 28 with blonde hair, a face so beautiful it makes you want to kiss it all day long, dressed in a type of lingerie set consisting of a red top with a black see-thru border and matching bottom. The bottoms are off but she is holding them in such a way that it barely covers her treasure as she sits with her legs parted bent at the knees. Being a leg and ass man I notice the high heeled red/white/clear platforms she is wearing, I can already feel myself starting to get excited as well as very aroused.

As I peer into the car I see she is looking directly back at me. She motions with her finger for me to approach. I open the door to the car as she asks me if there is anything I like about the car.

I answer back, 'yes I do very much, in fact I'm looking at what I like about the car and wonder if a test drive could be arranged'. She answers back with a smile and says, 'oh definitely, hop in'. Without a word I find myself in the car moving into the back seat with her.

I introduce myself as Michael and she answers with the name 'Angel'. As I reach out to shake her hand, she instead moves the fabric away from her shaved pussy and tells me to shake this. I waste no time before I'm moving down onto the floor board and between her smooth thighs. Placing my hands on her inner thighs as she runs her slender fingers through my hair.

I lower my face to her soft lips and kiss the swollen lips as they part with the touch of my tongue. I suck each lip into my mouth and taste her for the first time. She brings her fingers down between my tongue and her lips and slips her finger inside her folds. She pulls them out and feeds them to me.

Feeling the slickness on her fingers as I tongue the tips before taking them into my mouth and sucking them clean. She then pulls them out and places them on my head once more.

I lower my face closer and make a beeline straight into her. My tongue pushing past her moist lips and inside her walls. Moving my tongue up and down then to the sides swiping at the moist sweet scented pussy. Inhaling deeply with each lick she is so sweet.

I decide to get busy now and push my face deeper still. Suckling her clit and rubbing her thighs she begins to shift in her seat. I feel her fist close around my head as she grabs a handful of hair pushing me in deeper.

Hearing her moans and hearing her breathing tells me she will cum soon. I focus on her clitoris as I suck and lick the tiny nub, swollen with blood as her eyes are closed and her moans growing louder.

Feeling the car rocking under her movements brings to mind the saying that if the car is rockin don't bother knockin and we were rocking pretty good. For a little petite thing she could really move or squirm I should say.

As I licked and lapped at her sweet treasure my mind was filled the thought of sinking myself into her, holding onto her hips as I push my hard cock deep inside her sweet smooth walls. I lapped at her clitoris as I pushed my tongue deep into her just as she moaned out with one long and loud sigh.

Her body twisted and her ass lifted from the seat, she wrapped her sexy legs around my neck and thrusted herself into my mouth. I lapped and licked while at the same time holding up to my tongue. Her orgasm came suddenly and powerful. I could feel my tongue coated in her sweetness as the wetness escaped down my chin.

Still sucking, I cover her pubic mound with my mouth and move my tongue over her entire pussy. Licking and sucking up her sweet juices as my tongue swiped over her clit, lips and tight entrance.

I lower her down onto the seat as I move up to her precious face. Taking her face in my hands I plant a deep kiss on her face, moving to her mouth between gasps I share her wetness with her in a deep, long passionate kiss. Our tongues searching for each others as I wrap my arms around her. Holding her tight to me. I can feel my hardness pressing against her thighs.

I pull back and admire the goddess before me. Spread open with the look of ecstasy on her beautiful face. Her flower still wet from my tongue and her juices. I tell her that she tasted so sweet and that her man must be a lucky fellow. She smiles and tells me, 'let me show you why he is a lucky fellow'.

She scoots down on the bench seat and tells me to have a seat. I move up to the seat as she positions herself between my legs. She proceeds to unzip my pants and snakes out my hard cock. As she releases it from it's confines and holds it in her hands she tells me what a healthy size I am. She slowly pumps in her tiny fist while she licks her lips.

She moves her tongue to the head and flicks her tongue over the tip. She then licks a long trail down the shaft to the base then holds it down moves her tongue back up over the top. I watch her tongue moves over the head before she engulfs the thick head into her mouth.

She sucks the head and pushes down onto the shaft. Taking about half the length into her mouth I can feel her tongue running over and under the shaft. She brings her mouth back up so that only the head is in her mouth. I can see my shaft glistening from her saliva.

I watch her for as long as I could as she expertly takes me back into her mouth and starts moving her hand up and down my shaft as her mouth moves up and down my shaft. Her hand meeting her lips as her lips slide smoothly over the slick shaft. Her hand continually pumping as she stops and sucks the head. Her tongue feels so good as she circles the crown.

She then pulls me from her mouth and teases the tip. Squeezing her hand around the thick shaft she watches as precum oozes up from the tip. She passes her tongue over the tip and takes it from the top. I look at her and see that she is looking into my eyes as her hand starts pumping my shaft faster now.

She pumps my shaft in long strokes, running her fist from the base of my cock to the head. She licks at the shaft keeping it wet as her hand slides over it effortlessly. She begins to tell me how she would love to have me fill her mouth, her tongue licking the head between sentences.

She squeezes me again and sucks off the precum as before. She tells me to relax and cum if I want too as she works on me with deep thrusts of her hand. Her tongue sinking over and around the head as she sucks the tip like an ice cream cone.

Feeling the excitement in me growing more so than I ever thought possible I cup her sweet face and bring her up to me. I tell her I'm ready for my test drive now as I tell her that we will need to exit the vehicle.

As she scoot her sexy ass out of the door with me closely behind her, I take her hand and guide her to the rear of the car. I tell her to place her hands on the trunk as I move behind her.

As she does as she's told, I move behind her and taking my hard cock in my hand, guide it to her sweet pussy from behind. I press the head to her soft lips and feel for the tight entrance to her canal. Once there I gently push myself into her tightness.

Her legs part more as I ease myself into her. I hold onto her hips as I slowly thrust deeper inside her walls. Soon my entire shaft is embedded inside. I begin with a slow seductive thrusting inside her walls. Drawing my shaft out so only the head is left inside before easing back inside her fully. Her tightness is incredible as her hands slip from the hood of the trunk only to grasp the sides of the car.

I begin a more faster pace now as she has become accustomed to the size of me inside her. I pick up the pace and thrust fully and deep inside her walls. Her moans begin again as they did in the car when it was my tongue between her lips.

Faster and faster as her body responds to my actions as does her moans which fill the air around us. Pushing my hard cock inside her, feeling her slim hips in my hands as I take this woman as no other can even come close to taking. I am excited by her moans, the way her body moves under me, the way she sucks in her breath with each push inside her walls.

My left hand releases her left hip as I bring it up to her head. I take a handful of blonde hair in my hands and pull back gently as she turns to look at me. I press into her deeper as my body closes in on her and I kiss her lips. Her breath short but hard as my kiss smothers her mouth. Her moans muffled by my mouth on her.

I release her hair as she looks straight once more, placing my hand back onto her hips I begin pumping her faster and deeper. Feeling her body twitch under me as her contractions become more prominent. I can feel her orgasm as well as my own approaching rapidly.

I squeeze down on her hips and pull her ass back onto my hard cock with each forward thrust, she moves involuntarily and meets my thrusts as my cock slips and slides in and out of her wet pussy. Feeling her tightness constrict my shaft I feel my cock grow even more. She does too as her moans become screams as my hips thrust into her faster.

I feel her body go tight and steady just as she begins to orgasm. Pushing deeper and deeper inside her walls I feel her muscles pulling on my cock as her orgasm comes in long waves, between gasps of breath coming quicker and quicker mixed with the words of 'yes' and 'fuck me' repeat louder and louder.

I feel my balls begin to expand as my cock works in and out of her, pumping her so steady wanting her to feel her orgasm before she feels mine. Wondering if she wants me to explode inside her pussy or to pull out and jerk myself onto her back. I moan to her that I'm going to cum as well.

She pushes her sexy ass back against me as I hit rock bottom, feeling the back of her pussy bump against my cockhead she pulls off me and turns around and kneels before me. She takes my slick cock in her hand and jerks my first stream of cum onto her tits and nipples.

She strokes my cock in her hand as she guides the head to her lips and kisses and licks the head as another jet of cum shoots forth. Coating her face and chin now as she pumps me in her hand. Another ribbon of hot cum emits forth and she catches the remaining on her tongue. She takes the head into her mouth and pumps the shaft as she takes the remaining spurts of cum into her mouth and swallows. She moves my cock in and out of her mouth as she pumps me with her hand.

When my orgasm subsides, she sucks what she can from my cock as I look down and watch her. I see the remnants of my explosions across her chin and face, slowly dripping from her chin onto her boobs. As I look past her boobs I see small pools forming on her thighs.

She pulls my cock from her mouth and kisses the head, slipping her tongue across the tip before using her fingers to wipe away the cum on her chin and face. She uses her fingers to spread the white stuff across her nipples and around her boobs.

She looks up at me as she pushes what she can find from her chin into her mouth and swallows that. I take her hands and bring her up to me. I pull her close to me and give her a hug. I thank her for a wonderful test drive as she thanks me back.

I kiss her once again as she tucks my spent cock into my jeans. She dips her finger back inside her wet pussy and draws it out. She brings it to my lips as I tongue her finger. I tell her that I love the taste of her and hope to see her again.

She smiles and reaches into the car to retrieve her top and bottoms and blows me a kiss... she turns and says to me that the car is not for sale. I can only manage a smile back to her and nod an acknowledgment. She then walks away but before going thru the door of a home there, she turns once more then flashes me her smile and says that there may be a another car for sale next week if I'm interested.

She disappears into the house as I slowly walk back to my car... what an incredible woman this is.. I look forward to seeing her once more....