 Ah. They're gone. Wife and kids off for three weeks to her dad's the next state over. I am a solo businessman, and can't take the time off, altho I'll go down for a weekend. But now, even tho I'm going to the office to work every day, vacation having the house to myself, not having to answer to anyone, and so forth. Heck, in the past when I went with the family I took work and buried my nose into it for a few hours every day.

First day, go to the baseball game at the local minor league. Get home, sun is going down, I decide to swim in our big in-ground pool. Our next door neighbor hears me, and knows that Linda and kids are out of town. She is in her mid-40's (I'm 52) and attractive even if she's not a beauty queen. Not over-weight; not a model's figure, either. Breasts appear to be a small C cup; butt's all right; legs shapely. Tonight she's wearing shorts and a halter top which shows enough cleavage to attract interest, not enough to attract excitement even if the fabric is thin enough to show the nipple when it's astir. Anyhow, Debby comes on thru the gate to say hi.

"Enjoying the pool, Dave?"

"Yeah, Debby. With these 90 plus days, it's really great to cool off in here. Why don't you get a suit and join me?"

"Not tonight, Dave. But could I grab a beer?"

"Sure; help yourself. Linda took hers so you'll have to have one of mine (my wife drinks the "light" American horsepiss stuff; I prefer the German type in a green bottle) Debby grabs a beer from the deck fridge and sits down to drink it. We chat about work, how her case with her ex-husband is doing (Debby's been divorced for 6 or 7 years, and her husband is trying to weasel out of his support payments. Debby's first lawyer didn't handle her case well, and forgot to do the paperwork to get $200K of the ex's pension. I got her to a friend of mine who is making the sorry bastard wish he'd kept his mouth shut). Debby's had a few guys around - some for several months - but no long term relationships, and none at the moment.

Anyhow, after finishing her beer she gets up to go; I'm still in the pool hanging on the edge while we chatted. "See ya Debby. If you come by after dark, yell before you come thru the gate as I may be skinny dipping!!"

She chuckles, "That sounds like fun" and out she goes. I thought nothing further of it.

Anyhow I got out, dried off, and went in to fix something to eat. I did some paperwork and went to bed. Cable had a nice "R" movie on so I watched it and - feeling in the mood - jerked off to the nice naked babes frolicking on the screen.

The next day I get home from the office, change into swim shorts and a tee shirt, feed the dog and decide to fire up the grill for a burger. Debby hollers "Dave, are you decent?"

"I won't vouch for 'decent' but I do have clothes on, if that's what you meant" I holler back.

"Close enough" and she comes on thru the gate.

"Grab a beer; do you want me to put a burger or two on for you?"

"Thanks; sure" and gets a beer and sits at the deck table. She's wearing loose, thin jogging style shorts with a thin tee shirt, and it appears no bra as there is definite swaying movement of her boobs as she leans over to get the beer. Also, there's no VPL as I glance at her ass. We chat, and Debby goes into my kitchen to slice a tomato and get some other stuff for our burgers.

After we eat, we drink some moor beer, talk some and read the day's paper, exchanging sections as we finish them. After 45 minutes I grumble about the heat and announce I'm getting wet. "Sounds like a good idea, but I'm too lazy to go to my house to get my suit".

"Hell, why don't you just come in with what you've got on" I joke as I remove my shirt and jump in.

She must've had more beer than I thought (altho mine is more than twice the power of the horspiss stuff) because she considered my offer seriously. "Could I? But how about a towel . . . "

"Use one of our towels to wrap yourself when you go home, and bring it back next time"

"OK." And with that she jumps in off the side.

"What the hell!!" I thought to myself. And I definitely wanted to get a better look at this. Thank You God for inventing the wet tee-shirt. Debby's appearance in one was a blessed sight. For the first time since I've known her I got a good look at her tits as they clung to the thin wet tee-shirt.. Definite C cup, although not as small a "C" as I had thought, with a little sag. Nipples really stuck out like the proverbial pencil eraser, only bigger around, about the size of the toothpaste tube top - you could balance a pencil on one - and the aureoles were Silver Dollar size (the old ones, not the new things). Altho it seemed too long, and not long enough, I took all that in in a second or two as she surfaced next to me and brushed her hair out of her face. The hard part (excuse the pun) was not staring more.

"Hey, this water is perfect. I should've come in last night, also, but I had stuff to take care of" Debby said.

We stood in the pool partway into the deep end - standing so that we were into the water about half-way up our chests - and continued talking about stuff. She'd look away at something and my eyes immediately went to admire her chest. We moved to deeper water, and her tits became somewhat buoyant. I think she knew I was checking her out because of the grin on her pretty face, but she didn't say anything. Of course, she couldn't help but notice my biological reaction although she didn't comment on that, either.

I cracked a joke on something, and Debby splashed me. I splashed back, and we got into a splash battle. Debby dove into the deep end and I followed and grabbed her foot. She got loose, and grabbed me around my waist, briefly but definitely feeling my hard 7 inches as she did so. I grabbed her and accidentally (well, I tried to make it seem that way) felt one of those breasts. A little more horseplay and we settled back down.

After another ten minutes I decided to get out of the water - the prune effect was happening. Debby got out also and I had an opportunity to check out the shorts as well. They clung to her legs, ass and crotch area almost as much as the tee shirt clung to her tits. No panties: I was right. And obviously not much hair, if any, on her pussy either, altho I couldn't be sure. While she dried her head with the towel I got her I looked carefully but couldn't quite make out what was there. The Prune effect was over: I was fully engorged and then some - hadn't been this hard in ages. While she wasn't watching (I thought) I rearranged myself for more comfort. Debby had that sly grin on her face again, but didn't say anything.

We sat, drank a last beer each, and around 9:30 Debby got up to go home (with the towel as I had promised). Standing next to each other, she grabs me, gives me a hug and a "sisters" kiss on the lips (no tongue) and heads home. I hadn't put my shirt back on yet so as she hugged me I could feel her wet tits with the nipples poking out through her wet, thin tee-shirt as our chests made contact. Wow. Palm time again tonight, and I wasn't talking about an electronic gadget, either.

Later, having relieved the tension and gotten in bed, my wife calls. We chat about household stuff, the kids (my 12-year old son had pulled one of his usual stupid stunts) and so forth. Then she blew my mind with her question: "Is Debby helping take care of you?"

(What the fuckin' hell??) "Well, she's been over and we fixed some burgers together tonight." I answered. "She was telling me about how Tom (the lawyer I'd sent her to) is doing on her case." (Linda used to work as a paralegal in a domestic relations practice, so she'd been helping Debby and her lawyer assemble stuff).

"Sounds great" Linda said. "But hey, I'm going to be gone for three weeks, so I told her to make sure you were taken care of. Honey, rather her than you finding some strange thing . . . "

I couldn't believe it!! "Darling. I'm not going to do anything!!" (Unless I get the chance!)

"I know you don't intend to, dear, but the time is too much for you to be without. I've told Debby it's OK, and you've got my permission, too."

Holy shit!!. There's a Lord in Heaven after all. Controlling the trembling excitement in my voice, I say - in as serious a loving husband tone I can muster, "Honey, really, I . . . can't . . . I mean, I shouldn't . . ."

"Dave, don't worry. I love you, and Debby is my best friend, and she needs you. Don't push it, but don't refuse it." There was a squawk in the background. "Oops! The kids need me; gotta go. Love you."

"Love you" I said, with more emphasis than in other phone conversations. What was this Debby 'needs me' stuff? And Linda authorized Debby to 'take care of me'. Maybe that explains her swim attire this evening. This has some interesting possibilities. Damn! The 'tension' is back, and nothing 'stimulating' on cable. Oh well, there's always the VCR movies. . .

I finally got to sleep, fitfully. Woke up, fed the dog and put it outside, went to work. Managed to keep my mind on work and didn't think about Debby much. And if you believe that, I've gotta bridge for sale. . .

I left the office late. It was fully dark when I got home, and no moon. I walked into the kitchen, stripped, grabbed a towel, a beer, and went skinny dipping. I decided not to turn on the pool light since the house light was just enough for me to see my way. After floating away the day's hassles, and relaxing for twenty minutes or so, I heard a voice with a giggle in it.

"Hi Dave! I thought I saw you get home". DAMN! It was Debby. Between the noise of the pool pump and my relaxed state, I didn't hear her come thru the gate. "I see I should have yelled like you said the other night, but I thought you were kidding. 'Course, it's too dark for me to see much!"

Well, what the hell. Linda's call last night came back to mind. May as well see what happens. "Yeah. Nothing on, no elastic bands or ties, is really comfortable." And then in a joking voice (but not intent), "You wouldn't wanna join me, wouldja?" The answer almost made me mess in the pool.

At this she started to pull off her tee-shirt. No bra. "You know, I just might. Can I get a beer, first??"

I've never been stingy when an attractive woman is stripping. "No Problem. Help Yourself!"

At that, Debby went to the fridge, opened the door to get a beer, and the fridge light came on. Another view of those C's, dangling and swaying as she bent to get her beer. And I just realized I didn't have a suit to conceal the biological effect of blood rushing to stiffen things up. Not that my suit last night helped. I swam over to the side of the pool nearest the fridge to get the beer I'd left there, and took a good gulp. Debby chugged about half of hers and set it down near mine, those lovely tits swinging just thirty inches from the tongue hanging out of my mouth. Facing away from me Debby kicked her shoes off, and then pushed down her shorts - no panties, either - bending over to take them off. I'm normally a tit man: asses are nice but to me tits are the most attractive container for milk ever invented. Her ass, however, was really nice and worth a look. She turns, runs to the pool and leaps over me into the water. I catch a quick glimpse of her pussy lips passing inches from my nose.

Debby lands with a splash, goes under, and comes back up a foot or so away from me. She puts her arms on the edge of the pool next to where I am. "Hey, skinny dipping is neat. Thanks for the suggestion!" I'm holding as close to the pool wall as I can to conceal the raging hard-on I had, but said hard-on kept dropping down pushing me away from the wall. I was constantly (and discretely I thought) pushing it back up to lie against my belly. Anyhow, Debby and I talk casually about various things, and then she says that she had a conference with her lawyer, asshole's lawyer and asshole himself. She was really upset and pissed about it; I was sympathetic. Debby talked about how her first lawyer had screwed things up and some of what she should have received was lost. All of a sudden Debby tears up and starts crying. I'm next to her, and put my arm around her shoulders in a 'brotherly' fashion. That did it.

Next thing I know, Debby has both her arms around me and is bawling into my shoulder. I put both my arms around her to hold and comfort her. Bare skin against bare skin. Hairy chest against tits. And ole' faithful's down there, now sticking straight ahead between her legs and damn near out of control.

After a few minutes she calms down and regains her composure. But she doesn't push away from me, she looks at me with a loving/lustful look. "Sorry 'bout that, but thanks; I'd been fretting on that on and off all day, and lost control. You're a great listener and friend." With that she moved her head forward and curled my toes with a hell of a kiss that no 'sister' would consider. While we kissed, she squeezed my dick between her thighs, and I thought I'd lose it.

Suddenly she pushes away and goes under water, surfacing a few feet away. "Just wanted to get the tears and stuff off my face" she said as she came back to me. "Where was I? Oh yeah", put her arms back around me and started in on an even better kiss. This time she spread her legs and straddled one of mine. I could feel her pussy lips on my thigh, and she rubbed herself up and down on it. Of course, the contact of her belly with my dick was seriously affecting my thinking.

The kissing went on for several minutes, with breaks for air, so to speak. Then I felt her hand leave my shoulder, rub my chest as it moved down over my belly to my cock. She gently wrapped her hand around it and stroked me. Somebody pinch my left ball to see if I'm awake and not dreaming! Damn. Refusing this invitation is no longer part of my nature.

"I saw how aroused you've gotten around me the past day or so, and that I can do that is really exciting for me. Let's move to the pool steps and sit." So we went to the pool steps, and she sat me down and then facing me, sat on my knees with her legs spread on each side of me. Her tits were in my face, and I couldn't resist leaning forward two inches and sucking a nipple into my mouth. Debby groaned loudly. "Oh yes!! Kiss and suck them!! Hard!!"

I spent the next fifteen minutes worshiping her tits with my mouth and tongue. I'd lick the tender area under the tits, then move up between them in the cleavage area, then over the top to the side, down, across to the other one, then to a nipple and suck and nibble, and around again. The whole time Debby was moaning and writhing on my lap. I had my hands on her ass holding her close and fondling it. All of a sudden she stiffened up and a short, high pitched squeak came out of her mouth. After 30 seconds she collapsed against me like a wet noodle.

"God. Never has anyone treated my tits so great! That's the first Tit Suck orgasm I've ever had! Where'd you learn that?"

"Can't say where I learned it, if anywhere. Your tits are just so delectable and you're so responsive, I only did what I sensed you liked. Glad you enjoyed it."

"Enjoyed it! I'd like to patent it, bottle it, and do a Mary Kay thing with it. Hope you don't mind doing that again some time, and again after that!"

"A gentleman always tries to please a lady, m'aam" I drawled, giving her a hug and mashing her tits against my chest. "I've got some other pleasures for you if you want!"

"I feel one of them down here" she said again grabbing my cock. "Irving (the ex) never cared, and other guys might accidentally get me off. You did more just with your mouth on my tits."

"Sit on the edge of the pool, and I'll show you more mouth music." You would have thought Ed McMahon' s prize patrol rang her doorbell she moved so quickly. I casually moved over, spread her knees, and took a careful look at her cunt while kissing the insides of her thighs. Debby groaned and squirmed while I did that, and I wasn't even close to the promised land. Heck, I'll see how many times I can bring her off; payback will certainly be worth it!

I dipped my hand into the pool to get it wet, and while still kissing, ran my fingers up and down her outer lips. Debby's groaning and squirming intensified. I stayed out of the inner area for several minutes, and kept the kisses to the thighs. I then started brushing the inner lips and Debby convulsed in orgasm. I stopped for a while, crawled out of the pool and lay down next to her and kissed her tenderly. She just reached out and hugged me.

Ten minutes later, Debby was getting frisky again, so I slid back into the water and between her knees. I did the thigh kissing for a short minute or two, then moved closer to her cunt. Most of it was shaved, there was a little tuft over the top (which is why I was confused when all I had to go by was the wet shorts). I licked around the outer lips, then to the inner lips. Debby put both hands on her tits and rubbed the nipples, pinched the nipples, and generally adding to her pleasure. She squealed - getting louder the more I did - and grabbed my head and pushed it to her clit. I pushed my tongue as far into her glory hole as I could and wiggled it around, and then pulled back and flicked it back and forth over the clit nub. During this process she stiffened and let loose several times. Her wetness was raising the water level in the pool!!

Finally after another fifteen minutes she pushed me away. "Enough. At least for tonight."

(Tonight??)

"But it's your turn. Let's go inside where there aren't as many bugs."

I hadn't notice it, but there were some bugs getting past the zapper, and they were annoying. So I got up and reached for the towel but she beat me to it. Still naked, she turned to me and started to dry me off. She paid special attention to my damn near blue cock and balls. How I held off plunging into her and pounding away I don't know. But, as I thought, payback would be sweet.

Kneeling on my deck, me standing there, she took my cock in her mouth, swirled her tongue around the end several times, and sucked it as far into her throat as she could. I blew like a fire hose, and she gulped it down while groaning and fingering her own cunt.

Both dry (enough) we went in to the bedroom. Debby pushed me backwards onto the bed, I scooted back, and she crawled over me and hovered, tits dangling and swaying in front of my face. I grabbed her back and pulled a sweet tit into my mouth. "MMMMMM" she said, then sat up after a few moments of this pleasure. "Since you like my tits so much, let me do something else with them" she said as she moved down the bed and wrapped the tits around my cock. She fucked her tits over my cock and two minutes later I blew another load all over them. She scooped it up into her mouth, moaning some more.

52 years old and two massive cums in less than fifteen minutes. Damn! I couldn't believe it! Debby sucked me into her mouth and - to my utter amazement - I hardened up again.

"NOW for the grand finale" Debby said. "You've been so great for me tonight, third cum's the charm!" She put her cunt over me and slowly, gradually, agonizingly slowly lowered herself on me and me into her. It probably only took 45 seconds, but it felt like several minutes for the trip down. And was she wet!!

Debby leaned forward again and I reached for the tits, causing her to moan more. She rode up and down on me, and with two of my cums already in her belly, I lasted. Slowly we built up, feeling more and more pleasure and giving more and more pleasure. Finally we both yelled out, stiffened, came, and passed out on my bed until the alarm went off in the morning.

PS: Thanks, Linda, for your permission. I love you.