 Damm, it was cold. Snow on the ground. The wind had to be blowing at 30 miles per hour. My car wasn't running, which was probably a good thing with the snow. I promised her. Yeah, I promised her that whenever her medical boards, the USMLE, were, I would help her study and be there when it mattered. She worked so hard to get to this point. Late nights, no boyfriend at school No interests outside of becoming a doctor.

We met in a world history class. Neither of us wanted to be there and that was what we had in common. We sat there with 300 other people, making fun of the professor, and trying not to fall asleep in the dark. As time went along I discovered she was from a small town in Oklahoma, daughter of a farmer, who was very good at the sciences and wanted to be a doctor and go back home to serve the community. How could you not admire that?

We kept in touch after graduation. She went on to med school at the same university, and I started chasing my career, which at this point was being a weekend reporter for the local news station. It didn't pay much, but it was rewarding and interesting work, and as I found out later, Nancy was very proud of me as well.

We lived about ten blocks from each other, but didn't see each other very often because of schedules. But tonight, I was obligated. So on I went, trudging across the tundra as it were, hoping I got there before I froze to death. Finally, I got to her house, and pounded on the front door.

The door opened and Nancy stood there with her mouth open. "Oh, my God. She said. Look at you. You must be frozen stiff. Get in here right now." 

I walked through the door, not realizing how cold I actually was until I got indoors. Then, I actually started shaking.

"You lunatic. She yelled. I thought you were driving over. I was starting to get worried that you had an accident in that convertible of yours, but this is just as bad. You could have frostbite."

"Nah. I'm okay, I got out through chattering teeth. I just didn't realize how wet my clothes are, and besides, you said you needed my help. A promise is a promise."

"Sure. She said. But I didn't expect you to be my first patient. Now go to my bedroom, get out of those clothes, and I'll find something for you to wear."

So I went into the bedroom, stripped down and waited for a minute while I heard her rustling around. "Damm it. She yelled.There is nothing out here you can use. Go into the closet, and there is a wool robe of mine you can wear. It's girly, but it will keep you warm until your clothes dry."

Well girly didn't begin to describe this robe. Pink, with ruffles and flowers on the lapels, I looked like the poster child for the Cross Dressing Society of America. 

"You've got to be kidding me. I yelled. I can't wear this thing."

"Shut up and put it on, or no hot coffee for you." She said playfully.

I looked at myself in the mirror and laughed and then strolled into the living room lisping, "Well, what do you think?"

Nancy turned, took one look at me, and laughed as hard as I had ever seen her laugh.

"Well, that shatters the illusion. She managed to get out between laughs. All those tight tee shirts and Levis you wore to class gave me an entirely different impression."

"I never knew you noticed. I said."

I always worked out when I was in school, trying to keep off the food service fifteen. And I did a pretty good job of it. Nancy did too. She was about five seven, with a nice tight butt, smallish, but nice boobs. She had long straight brown hair, with jet black eyes that looked right through you. I felt like she was looking through me right now.

"I noticed. She said. I know you noticed me too, but we each had our own agenda. Too bad."

"Maybe. I mused. But I was an immature kid who didn't know his ass from a hole in the ground. I would have screwed it up."

"Maybe. Nancy said, looking thoughtful. Spilled milk. Lets get to work."

We sat down with our coffee, and for the next few hours did practice exams. We covered all the material as best we could and it was obvious to my untrained eye, that Nancy had a firm grasp of pretty much everything. After a while, we stopped. I went and refilled the coffees. Nancy stretched at the table, and yawned. 

"I think you're ready. I said. My clothes should be dry by now. I'll go after this last cup."

"No you don't. She said firmly. It's still really bad out and you're not going back out in this storm. Besides, I have to ask you a favor. "

"What's that?" I asked.

Nancy hesitated for a second, took a deep breath, and said. "They make us perform physicals on models as part of the exam. We have to check their anatomy, diagnose what is wrong with them, and then give a report to the doctors who are assigned to us. Each model is given a different ailment, and we have to figure out what is wrong. I was wondering if I could examine you and at least have some experience on a real human being?"

"Well, I said. That's the last thing I expected to hear from you, but I don't mind helping. How do we go about doing this? And where?"

Nancy said, while blushing a bit. "Lets go to the living room. That's probably best. Lots of room and I can set up my massage table."

"Massage table? I asked. I didn't know you gave massages."

"Therapeutic only. She said. I never gave any to students, because I didn't want them to get the wrong idea. Besides, I had to pay the bills somehow. A girl can't give up all her secrets."

And with that she went into the bedroom and when she returned, she came back with a folded table and a sheet. Pink of course. She had also changed into a pair of pink jogging shorts, and a pink tank top. She had me lie down on the table. She had her penlight, stethoscope, and reflex hammer. I took her robe off while she held up the sheet for modesty, and laid face up on the table. She covered me up, but I did catch her taking a peek at my package while she draped me. For the next twenty minutes. I got a head to toe exam. Heart and lung, reflexes, and vision. I could see her relax the further we got into it, but for me it was the opposite. I started to become erect, and there was nothing I could do about it.

"Don't worry. Nancy said. It's normal to have a reaction like that, and as a matter of fact, I'm not surprised."

When we were done, I sat up with the sheet over me, figuring that was it, and wondering what the sleeping arrangements were going to be. Nancy had different ideas.

"Bob, I can't tell you how much help you have been tonight. I feel so much better about the exams, and I want to do something for you. Let me give you a massage as a reward. You must be stiff from walking in the cold and all this work."

Well, I was stiff at this point but it had nothing to do with the cold.

"Sure. I said. How do you want me?"

"Face down on the table. Nancy said shyly. Let me grab my oils and a towel."

She came back in a minute, lit some candles, put on some music and started. The oil was warm, and comforting, and she really knew what she was doing. I started to relax and fell into a state of pure bliss and got lost in the moment. She slowly worked her way down my body, doing my shoulders arms and legs. Even my feet. I'm a bit ticklish and laughed a bit, but she kept going. Eventually, she raised the sheet and started working on my butt. It felt good but I was starting to get aroused again. I did the best I could not to move too much, but at one point I let out a soft moan.

"Like that, do you? she asked. I'm so glad. You deserve it. Now turn over and let me work on the front of you."

"Um, Nan, I said. I don't think that is such a good idea. I'm, uh, you know."

"I know. she said. Again, it's natural. Let me worry about that. Just close your eyes and enjoy."

So I turned over, draped myself which was ridiculous, because at this point it looked like a circus tent over my cock. To Nancy's credit. She was a pro. She worked my neck and chest, when all of a sudden she started massaging my nipples. She took one hand and reached under the drape and started massaging my balls. I couldn't take it any more, opened my eyes and saw Nancy had stripped down to her bra and panties. Pink of course. 

"My god. You're beautiful, I sighed. I can't believe this is happening."

"Pretty in pink? She asked."

"Perfect in pink, is more like it. I said." 

I kissed her deeply, our tongues dancing together like we had been doing this all our lives. She moaned into my ear, which got me even hotter. I undid her bra with one hand while pulling her tighter to me with the other. When I drew back her beautiful pink nipples (of course), were erect with lust and begging to be sucked. I did just that. I pulled her on top of the table with me and we made out with each other, pressing our bodies together and grinding our crotches against each other. Finally, I put her on her back and slowly slid her panties down her legs. They were soaking wet, and I held them up to my nose and mouth and inhaled her aroma, and tasted her arousal. I got back between her legs and started licking the inside of her thighs, working my way up to her pink wetness. At this point, Nancy was moaning so loudly, I knew it was time. I lined up my cock with her hole and plunged in right to the hilt. From then on it was pure lust. I pounded her as hard as I could, hoping the table didn't give way. I don't know how many times she came, but I knew I was going to soon, and hard.

"Nancy, I gasped. I'm ready. I've got to let it loose."

"It's okay. She screamed. I'm safe right now. Give it all to me. Fill me up with your cum. I want it all."

With that I put her legs over my shoulders, and drove into her like a man possessed. Finally, I felt myself ready to explode and started yelling, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming. I'm shooting inside you." 

And I did just that, letting loose an enormous amount of cum deep into her belly. I collapsed on top of her unable to move for a few minutes, but knowing we were both as satisfied as we could be. Finally, I stood up and looked at her, my cum dripping out of her pussy onto the table. Nancy looked at me, knelt on the table, leaned over and took my cock in her mouth, sucking all of our juices into her mouth. Without a word she got off the table, grabbing my semi-erect cock and led me into her bedroom. We passed out from exhaustion, and drifted into a deep satisfying sleep.

In the morning, I awoke to the sensation of my cock being sucked, and when I opened my eyes, Nancy had positioned her pussy and ass right over my face. I could think of no better breakfast, so I started to devour both holes like a starving man. Eventually, we both came, and Nancy surprised me by swallowing my entire load. The things you learn about your friends, lol.

Eventually, we got out of bed. Nancy went to pee, and I waited my turn, but I slipped on that hideous robe, just for laughs. When she came out of the can, she laughed her ass off, brushed by me and went to the next room. I peed myself, and went into the kitchen hoping coffee was on the stove. It was, and Nancy was sitting there with a very serious look on her face.

"Bob. I can't thank you enough for last night. All the help you gave me, and the sex..." She paused and blushed. "I'm still going to move back to Gu... when I become a doctor, and I know that small town life is not for you. I hope you understand how I feel and you're not hurt by this."

"Hurt? I said. This was one of the best nights of my life, and I completely get why you are going home. I'm so proud of you and privileged to have been a part of it. Just let me know the results of the exams, okay?"

"Okay." She said.

And with that, I got dressed, and looked out the window at what was going to be a beautiful day. I went back into the kitchen, took Nancy in my arms and held her closely, knowing this would be the last time we were in each others arms. We kissed each other gently, and I was on my way into the sunshine with a smile on my face.

About a month later, Nancy called me and let me know she passed with flying colors. I suggested we celebrate, but she didn't think it was a good idea. She was probably right.

About a year later, a tornado blew through a bunch of small towns in the state including Gu... I got assigned to the story, and when I got to the town, went right to the hospital. When I walked through the E.R. doors the very first person I saw was Nancy. She looked at me in shock, but then smiled, knowing that I was doing my job, and she was doing hers. We chatted briefly and she told me her husband Bill the lawyer was in town helping people who had to make insurance claims, and making sure all the paperwork was correct. She thought it might make a good story since he was doing it pro-bono. She was right of course, and I ended up winning a local journalism award for my coverage of the story. We never saw each other after that, but when I think of her, a smile always crosses my lips.