 A/N

This is my first story and I know there will surely be some errors. I hope you like it, but more importantly, I hope you will give me your feedback so that I may improve in future attempts. 

________________________________________________

My name is Angel, I'm 26, about 5'6". I have a slim athletic figure with auburn hair that reaches down to my waist and my eyes, although they are normally hazel, change from anywhere between dark brown to a light blue depending on my mood. 

I am a Controller at my job, which brings me to where I am now. I just walked into my office at 7:30 am, silently cursing that my vacation was cut short, before it even began, because an arrogant Superintendent took it upon himself to blatantly disregard not only company policy, but also the law. I groaned as I sat down at my desk and started making calls to the electricians and technicians who called me to voice their outrage that the idiot told him that they had to work overtime without pay this week to catch up for work that they missed last week because of the hurricane that hit the area where their current job site was.

Really, who does he think he is, I don't know how many times I have had to tell him to record the hours worked, but he wants his damn bonus and thinks that this is the best way to get it. Well, the jokes on him, I'm working with the payroll clerk right now to get the guys paid what they are owed and I called my boss on my way in to let him know just how serious the situation is. Right about now the ass should be getting escorted off the premises. I smile, serves him right, he's lucky it isn't worse. Of course he will be losing all of his benefits and he is sadly mistaken if he thinks he will be getting a severance package or any unemployment out of this.

Chase came down the hall smiling. I wonder, what does he think is so funny? He steps in my office and leans against the wall staring at me with that stupid grin of his. Narrowing my eyes and gritting my teeth, I ask "What do you want?"

He just shrugs and sits down on the chair opposite of me and starts playing with my stapler. I cross my arms, making my perky breasts stand even higher in my white cotton blouse. He looks up at me with a hint of amusement in his eyes and says, "You just couldn't stay away from us, just admit it, you love us. " I rolled my eyes at his comment and throw my hands up in frustration.

Chase laughed, and then frowned when he noticed how frustrated I really was. "I'm sorry you were drug back in here, I know how much you were looking forward to that cruise with your friends." Chase is a sweet guy, just like the rest of the guys around here; he is one of the Project Managers in the office that at least tries to work to make my job easier by actually doing his. He and a few of the other guys tease me all the time, but I wouldn't have it any other way. I really do love them, even if they are stupid sometimes; I know they do it because they really do care. The guys hate it when they say something that hits a nerve when all they are trying to do is get me to lighten up and stop stressing. 

I don't want him feeling bad, so I give him a small smile and say "Ya, you caught me, I couldn't stay away from your hotness." He grins and comes around and sits on the couch next to me, where I am currently working on my laptop. He puts his arm around me and gives me a side hug. I slouch into his side and release a sigh of frustration. He gives me a little squeeze and tells me how sorry he really is. I look up to him and say "Thanks, I don't know how I would survive if it weren't for you and the rest of the guys." He just leans down and kisses my forehead softly. This catches me off guard, as I stiffen slightly from the contact and I feel the heat rise in my core. I don't know if he noticed but he just moves to rest his chin on the top of my head for a moment before leaning back to look me in the eyes. His eyes seem to darken for just a second and he shifts slightly. 

All too soon, he looks away and moves to stand while saying "I'm going to get something to drink. Can I get you something?" 

I smile and ask "Tea please?" before looking back to my screen.

He came back in a few minutes later with my tea, extra sweet, and hands me a cinnamon roll that I take gratefully. He pauses as he is about to walk out the door and turns around. He takes a couple of steps toward me, looking like he is thinking something over. I raise my eyebrow and ask "What is it?" He opens his mouth then closes it, still thinking over whether he should ask or not. I roll my eyes again and smile, "Out with it mister." 

He smiles and looks down for a second before looking back up to say "I was just thinking, I was going to go camping this weekend, you know do some hiking, fishing, or swimming." I nod, waiting for him to continue. "I was wondering, since you missed the boat and all, maybe you would like to come with me. You know, so you can at least still get away for a bit, salvage some of your vacation." 

He seemed hopeful, like he really wanted me to go. I wanted to, but I didn't want to intrude, so I asked "Who all is going? I don't want to crash your fun". 

He smiled and said, "Actually, a friend of mine from college was supposed to go with me, but he had to back out so I was either going to cancel or have to go alone... I was really looking forward to it, but it stinks going alone." 

I thought it over for a moment and then smiled, this could be fun. "Sure, I would love to go!" 

His grin grew impossibly wide, all the way to his eyes. "Great! I actually had everything packed to leave after work when he called to cancel. How about you go pack once you get done straightening this stuff out today and I'll pick you up at your house after I get off?" 

I grinned back; he is acting like a little kid that was just handed the coolest toy in the world. I nodded and replied, "That sounds perfect Chase, thanks for this. You are amazing!" Before he left me to my work, I noticed his cheeks took on a pink tint and I thought 'oh my, he is actually blushing, that is adorable'.

I sorted out the problem right before lunch and I was about to head out when Kevin and Lance, a couple of the Engineers, asked if I wanted to go to lunch with them, Chase and Brad, another Project Manager.

I said "Sure" and grabbed my keys and purse we left my office and Chase and Brad came up to meet us while I turned off my light and locked the door.

We had so much fun laughing and joking at lunch, the guys really brightened my mood. When the waitress took our orders she openly flirted with all the guys, she gave me a dirty glare when I stifled a laugh and rolled my eyes at the amusing sight. 

As soon as she left the guys burst out laughing. Mid chuckle, Kevin said "Wow Angel, I think that chic is jealous of you for getting to be with four hot guys." 

I slapped him on the arm and said "You aren't that hot, besides, you are the lucky ones who have been graced with the presence of my complete awesomeness." 

Lance nearly choked on his water while Brad nearly started crying when he saw Kevin's pouty face. Chase laughed and stared at me while shaking his head before saying "Damn right we're the lucky ones, you are gorgeous." His eyes widened a second before his cheeks flamed red and he looked down, I guess he didn't mean to say that out loud. I felt the heat rise to my cheeks and prayed no one noticed.

The rest of the guys calmed down before Lance cleared his throat, "So, did you get the issue with Ron's team straightened out Angel?"

I shook my head clearing my thoughts of Chase's words and the reaction he stirred in me, "Ummm... y-yeah, we did an unscheduled payroll for the guys, he wasn't happy about being fired and they actually called the cops when he hit one of the guards who was escorting him from the premises. Terry should be there in the morning to take over his position." The guys all nodded and we continued on with light conversation through the rest of lunch.

When we got back the office, Chase looked at me nervously and started running his hand over the back of his neck. I couldn't help but think about running my fingers through his short black hair and caressing his neck and broad shoulders. He cleared his throat, effectively startling me out of my increasingly inappropriate thoughts, and asked "So, do you still want me to pick you up after work?" 

I stared at him a little confused about why he would ask, was he uncomfortable after what happened at lunch? Maybe it was the way I was staring at him, why am I thinking of my friend like this now? I tried to sound confident, hoping my voice didn't give away my previous lusty thoughts, "Why, are you having second thoughts?" 

He started and shook his head "N-no, I was just making sure that you still wanted to go. You do still want to, don't you?" He almost looked scared when he asked, hmm I wonder why? 

After a second I replied "Of course I still want to go, call me when you head over, okay?" He relaxed his shoulders, seemingly relieved, and nodded as he smiled down at me. I couldn't help it I walked up to him and gave him a hug and then raised up on my toes to give him a kiss on the cheek, noting how he tensed up. Pulling back, I bit my lower lip before saying "See you later" and turning to walk quickly to my car.

After I made it home, I quickly started pulling some of my clothes that I packed for the cruise out of my suitcase to put into my duffle. I made sure to grab a few bikinis, flushing when I started to wonder if Chase would like them. I packed some short shorts as well as a pair of jeans just in case the weather was cooler. I placed some tight tank tops in my bag along with a pair of hiking boots. I'm not sure why, but I made sure that I brought only my best underwear and my shortest pajama bottoms with a top that showed just a little bit of my toned stomach. I took a quick shower and changed into a black lace push up bra with matching boy shorts. I put on some tan short shorts and a tight green baby doll tee that accentuated my curves before blow drying my hair and pulling it into a high pony tail. I heard my phone ring from and grabbed it off the counter before answering. "Hello!"

Chase answered from the other end of the phone, "Hey, it's me, I'm leaving the office now, and I'll be at hour house in 10, mind if I change before we head out?" I paused, thinking about him changing, being naked in my house. "Hello? Are you still there?" 

I laughed, "Umm...y-yeah, I'm here, sorry. That's fine; I'll see you in a few." 

I took my bag downstairs quickly and I was pulling on my green converses when he knocked on the door. I shouted, "Come in, it's open". 

He opened the door as I stood up, his jaw dropped slightly and eyes widened, he quickly composed himself but his eyes were still darkened as they traveled across my exposed flesh. I cleared my throat and his eyes darted to my face. 

"Bathroom?" he asked. 

I pointed it out and took my bag to his car while he changed, wondering if he was as hard as I was wet after that exchange. Shocked by the direction my thoughts were taking I didn't notice that he had come up behind me until I turned around and bumped into his muscled chest. Oh God. The suits he wore really covered his muscles and that six pack but this tight t-shirt he wore now left nothing to the imagination. My hands lingered on his abs for a few seconds while the arm he had wrapped around my waist steadied me. I flushed and asked if he was ready to go and he just nodded. He released me and I reluctantly pulled away from his strong frame before getting into the passenger side of his car. 

We didn't talk much until we stopped for dinner. We both had chicken and shared a piece of pecan pie and ice cream. The mood lightened when he put the last bit of ice cream on his spoon and stared at me before offering it to me. I bit my lip before allowing him to feed me. When he pulled the spoon away he watched me lick my lips and I thought I heard a soft groan leave his lips. It excited me to realize that I might be having the same effect on him as he did on me. He insisted on paying for dinner before we left and slipped his arm around my shoulder while we walked back to the car. 

We made it to the campsite at about 8:30 pm and we quickly set up the tent and unloaded our gear. We took a short walk around and I made it a point to brush up against his arm occasionally down the path we took. I smiled when he stiffened each time. As we approached the site again I stepped out in front of him and swayed my hips more than I normally would. I heard him groan again. No doubt he was staring at my ass while I walked. 

I slowed down when I reached the tent and turned to ask "Do you mind if I change first?"

His eyes snapped up to mine and in a husky voice he said "Not at all, be my guest." 

I thanked him before bending down and stepping into the tent, when I turned to zip the flap he had turned around and was running both hands through his hair. He was definitely feeling tense.

I took off my clothes and put on my pink thong and matching pink tank top that stopped just above my belly button before slipping into a pair of white booty shorts and slipping on my white sandals. When I stepped out I saw that Chase had started a fire and was sitting on a rock beside it. He turned when he heard me coming and his eyes went wide as he took in my appearance, he seemed to like what he saw because the fabric of his shorts grew noticeably tighter. When he noticed that I was checking him out he cleared his throat and stepped toward me. 

He put his arms around my waist and looked down to me. I looked into his eyes as he asked "What are you trying to do to me?" 

When I bit my lip and scrunched up my nose, trying to decide how to respond, he groaned again and brought his head down so that his forehead rested against mine while closing his eyes. I stared up at him for a few seconds before deciding to make a move. I brought both of my hands up to his chest and slowly moved them up to his shoulders, around his neck. I ran my fingers through his hair and when his eyes opened he looked confused but the lustful glint in his eyes was undeniable. I lifted my chin and pulled him down to me for a kiss. At first, my lips barely brushed his; he tensed up for just a moment before relaxing when I started to kiss him more passionately. He nibbled on my bottom lip and ran his tongue across it, asking for entrance. I opened for him with a moan. He gently explored my mouth as he pulled me closer to him. I broke the kiss first to catch my breath. I leaned into him and rested my head on his chest. I heard him exhale a husky "Wow!" 

He held me close for a moment before lifting my chin with his thumb. He seemed to be searching my eyes for what seemed like hours, but couldn't have been more than a few seconds. When he finally spoke it took me off guard. "Do you have any idea how much I want you... how much I love you." 

Those words scared me for just a moment. This time, I searched his eyes to see if there was truth behind his words. When I saw that his beautiful chocolate brown eyes held nothing but passion, honesty, and hope I realized something. I was even more excited because, my sweet, caring, and wonderful friend was everything to me. I realized that somehow I had fallen in love with him, I'm not sure when it happened or how, but I loved him and all that mattered in that moment is that he really loved me too. A smile grew on my face as the words came out of my mouth, "I love you too Chase." 

His eyes widened along with his smile. He picked me up and spun me around in the air I wrapped my legs around his waist as we both laughed. He was holding me impossibly close and said "God, I've wanted to hear you say that for so long. The guys have been pushing me for months to tell you, I was so terrified that you wouldn't want me."

I pulled back so that I could look him in the eyes. I smiled as I told him. "Of course I want you, more than anything. You are perfect to me and I never want to let you go now." 

This time, when we kissed it was full of pure love and adoration. I begged against his lips, "Make love to me, please". 

He pulled back and asked "Are you sure?" 

I replied, "I've never been more certain about anything in my life. I love you. I want you. Please." He kissed me again slowly before taking us into the tent and laying me down on the sleeping bag. He closed the tent and stared down at me, his eyes traveled down my body and I squirmed under the scrutiny and from the knowledge of what my request meant. I was nervous about whether I would possibly be able to please him or not. Sure, I have kissed guys before; I've fooled around a little, but this. 

When he pulled his shirt off and leaned over me, my breath caught. I moaned when he started leaving a trail of soft kisses from my shoulder, up my neck, and to my ear. He sucked gently on my lobe before whispering in my ear "I love you so much Angel."

I exhaled softly and ran my fingers tentatively across his bare chest while kissing from his pecs up to his collar bone and letting my tongue softly lick across his neck. He shivered and moaned under my touch and I smiled while murmuring "and I love you, more than you know" into his ear. 

His lips crashed to mine with an intense passion and his hands moved to the hem of my shirt gently tugging it up, our kiss broke for only a second as he pulled it over my head and lowered me back down. My hands gently tugged his hair and pulled him closer to me while his hands explored my stomach and up to my breasts. He broke our kiss and moved down my body.

I heard him whisper "So beautiful" before taking one of my pebbled nipples into his mouth and sucking on it gently. One of his hands cupped my other breast while the other moved down to rub small circles on my hip. I let out a moan of protest when I felt his mouth leave my flesh before I felt his hot breath and moist tongue on the opposite breast. I arched my back, feeling the nearly unbearable burning between my thighs.

I moved my hands down his chest, savoring the feel of his rippling abs, before my fingers reached the top of his shorts. I unbuttoned his pants before slowly unzipping them. I felt his straining cock twitch when my hand brushed across it with nothing more than his black, silk boxers in between. He released my nipple and trailed hot kisses down my stomach before reaching my shorts. He smiled up at me before hooking his fingers into the waist and tugging them over my hips and down my legs. He groaned in appreciation of the small pink material that was the only piece of clothing still covering my body. He brought his head back down to kiss my stomach, my belly button, and my hips. At some point my hands found their way back to his hair and I was pulling gently on the silky dark brown strands. My back was arched up and I whimpered when he nudged my thighs further apart. He kissed down from the inside of my left thigh down to my toes agonizingly slow before repeating his actions in reverse on my right leg. I was shacking with need by the time he had returned to my core. My hands were fisted into the material of the sleeping bag now and all I could do was moan his name and plead with him for more when he stop at my middle and I felt his hot breath through the now soaked material of my thong. When he kissed me there, where no man had ever kissed me before and I begged him 'Oh God, please Chase, please, I need you." 

He brought himself back up my body and looked deep into my eyes before he kissed me once more with what seemed like all of the love and adoration that he had in him. While he allowed me to explore his mouth with my tongue, I felt him untying the strings that held the thong to my body before slowly pulling the material away. 
