 Ted and I had met back in 1982, I was living with a friend and her family in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

I was living there rent free. I worked for her cleaning business. One day her and I were sitting round and glancing through a local sales paper when she found the personal ads. So she dared me to answer one, I looked through them and found one that really caught my eye. 

I sat down later that night and wrote a letter and found a decent picture of myself and mailed it off, not really expecting to get a reply. A few days later I received a letter in the mail, I was very excited to get a reply. My hands were shaking as I opened the letter, inside there was a letter several pages long with an picture. Ted told me all about himself and I sat down and wrote him right back. We lived about an hour and a half apart, he lived near Williamsburg, Virginia. 

He would call me from his job on his lunch break everyday. We planned to go out to dinner a couple of weeks after we met. I was so nervous the day of our date. He said he would wear a suit and a tie, so I wore a dress, heels, the works. I had never went out with a guy who dressed so nice for a first date.

He said he would pick me up around 5:00, I was ready by 3:00 and paced the house for the next two hours. I knew this night was going to be very special. Finally I saw a Beige Mustang turn the corner, pull into the driveway and he got out of the car. I was at the door waiting for him, my friend Roberta told me to let her open the door. I told her "Nope, I've got this one." 

I opened the door as soon as he rang the doorbell, not that I was anxious or anything. I introduced Ted to everyone and then we left, he opened the car door and helped me into the car. We went to a restaurant called Bennigan's, it was very nice and romantic. We had a steak dinner, chatted and got to know each other. I was in Heaven. 

After dinner we drove around and listened to music, when Ted suggested we drive to his house. I said "Sure, sounds great." I knew he lived an hour and a half away so I might not get home until late.

He lived in a very small town on the James River, not far from Williamsburg. We took the Jamestown Ferry across the river. 

The house was a small two bedroom near the river, not a lot of neighbors around. We went in and sat on the couch and got comfortable. He went in and changed into a comfortable pair of jeans and a tee-shirt. We talked for hours, listened to music on the stereo, just enjoyed our time together. I finally took off my shoes, I wasn't used to wearing high heels. "It's kind of late would you like to stay the night???" Ted finally asked me around 2:30. 

I knew he had also worked that day too, and figured he would be tired. We were sitting on the couch and he suggested that I lay down and put my head in his lap. I did and he sat there rubbing my temples.

Out of nowhere he leaned down and kissed me, very gently. "I have been wanting to do that all night..." he said, looking at me. 

"So have I..." I admitted, wanting him to kiss me again...and he did.

I laid like that for awhile, and he kept rubbing my temples making me drowsy.

"I can't be responsible for my actions if you fall asleep..." he told me as he rubbed my back.

"Oh...I guess if I fall asleep I'll find out???" I asked, wanting him so bad but afraid to make the first move.

I was getting a bit sleepy, but didn't want to say so. I must have dozed off then I heard him saying "Let's go to bed..." I sat up and he stood up and took me by the hand and led me into his bedroom.

He had one of those old Iron bed's, he led me to the side of the bed and when I reached up to unzip my dress he stopped me.

"Let me..." he said as he bent down and kissed the side of my neck. That sent shivers down my back.

He unzipped my dress and pulled it off of my shoulders and down my arms. I reached up and started to run my hands over his chest. 

I knew where this was leading and I didn't feel shy with him. 

I wanted him very much, but wondering in the back of my mind if it was going to be a one night stand.

I was hoping it wouldn't be. He tugged my dress the rest of the way off of me, I grabbed the bottom of his tee-shirt and pulled it off over his head. All this time he is kissing and nibbling my neck. I reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. "Wait..." he told me as he reached behind me and unhooked my bra as he kissed me across the top of my breasts.

OMG! I had never had a man do that to me before, taking their time, most guy's I had been with had just wanted to get naked and do it.

Ted sat me down on the edge of the bed as he took my lacy bra off of me and dropped it onto the floor.

I was trying to pull his jeans down, I wanted him so bad. 

"Lay back..." he told me, I laid back on the bed and watched as he got undressed. "That feels better..." he said as he got on the bed next to me and took me in his arms and kissed me. We kissed and touched, taking our time, he reached for the waist band of my panty hose and tugged them off of me and down my legs. All I had on was a pair of silk panties to match the bra. I could feel them getting wet. I reached for his cock and could feel he was hard already. "Yes...I have wanted you all night..." he said kissing his way down my belly.

"Do you know what you're doing to me???" I asked him as I watched him moving slowly down my body.

He got down between my legs and gently spread my legs open, kissing the insides of my thighs, licking , teasing me. My nipples were getting hard and I just had to reach for them and pinch them. He reached up and slowly and gently pulled my panties off of me, dropping them to the floor."Hmmm...your panties are soaked..." he said as he tenderly spread my pussy lips open. All I could do was lay there and watch him, wanting him so bad. 

Then, he licked me so gently, barely touching me. It felt so good when he did that. 

"I want you so much..." is all I could say while he continued to lick me slowly. "Please..." I asked him.

He slipped his tongue a bit deeper inside of me, then flicking his tongue over my clit.

"Your pussy taste so good..." he said as he looked up at me and slid one finger inside of my wet pussy.

"Oooohhh...yesss..." I moaned feeling him add a second finger, in and out he gently fingered me.

"I want you." I told him as he gently sucked on my clit as he fingered me a bit faster.

I wanted to suck his cock, feel it in my mouth, feel him fucking me.

It felt so good with him touching me, making love to me. I had never had a guy treat me this way, concerned about my feelings. Most guy's I had been out with only wanted to get what they wanted, 

didn't worry if I was satisfied or not

"Please???" I asked wanting him inside of me. He was fingering me a bit faster and harder, I was moaning loudly not caring who heard me. 

"You like that baby???" he asked me watching me.

All I could do was moan "don't stop...please..."

"Am I hurting you???" 

"No, you're not hurting me...it feels so good..."

In and out he fingered me faster and deeper, he took his hand away and moved up next to me on the bed. I reached down and took his hard cock in my hand, stroking him gently. Without saying a word

he kissed me again. "Yes..." he moaned as I stroked his cock.

I moved down between his legs and spread his legs as I stroked him again. I looked up at him as I licked his cock from the base to the tip, slowly taking my time.

"Oh yeah..." I heard him say as I gently took his balls in my hand and rubbed them. I teased him a bit, before I took the head of his cock into my mouth. In and out I sucked his cock, stroking him at the same time. Wanting him inside of me, but wanting it to last. "Suck it baby..." he told me holding my head, fucking my mouth gently. 

We continued like this for a few more minutes when he reached for me and pulled me back up beside of him. He laid me back on the pillows, kissing me all over. He moved down between my legs and he spread my legs apart. 

This was it, I was going to have him inside of me. He gently pushed my legs back, leaned over me and I could feel him rubbing the head of his cock across my slit. Then I felt it, the head of his cock slipping into my pussy, slowly taking his time.

"Yesss...give it to me..." I moaned grabbing him by his arms, wanting him all the way inside of me.

"Hmmm...so wet and tight..." he said as he pushed deeper inside of me, in and out slowly, making it last. I wrapped my legs around his back and tried to pull him in deeper. I couldn't help but move with him, wanting him to give me his cock.

He moved faster and harder, finally giving me his cock. I was moaning and getting loud but I didn't care. "I can't believe how tight you are..." he said as he pounded into my wet pussy. I wanted to cum so bad but also wanted it to last.

He bent down nibbled on my neck as he whispered "I'm going to make you cum..." I couldn't hold him tight enough, I never wanted this night to end. 

"Do it...give me your cum...fill my pussy..." I begged him as he pounded me into the bed.

He leaned up and grabbed my ankles and put them on his shoulders, I loved the feeling of his cock so deep inside of me. 

"You're going to make me cum soon..." he said out of breath, fucking me hard and fast.

I reached down and rubbed my clit, feeling how sopping wet my pussy was.

"Oh yes...give it to me...fuck me baby..." I said loudly as I could feel my climax getting closer, just a bit more and I would cum. 

"Yeah...you like my cock baby..like me pounding you deep???" he asked as he pushed my legs as far back as he could. 

"I love your cock...don't stop, oh please don't stop...I'm so close..." I begged him, I could feel his cock getting harder I knew he was ready to cum. "Yes...yes...yes..." I moaned as he held me tightly in his arms.

"Yeah...awww fuck cumming..." he said as he buried his cock all the way inside of me, I could feel his cock throbbing inside of me as I climaxed.

I let out a loud cry as I came with him. We laid there for several minutes, just holding each other and kissing. I didn't want to let him go. Finally he pulled away from me and laid next to me. "Are you alright?" he asked pulling the blankets over us.

"Oh yes, I am very alright...are you okay?" I asked, wondering if I had satisfied him.

"That was so good...you're so tiny...I didn't think you had so much energy???" he said teasing me.

He stood up and grabbed his jeans off of the floor. "Be right back..." he said slipping his jeans on.

"Okay..." I laid there while he went into the other room, he was back a few minutes later with a couple of Pepsi's. "Now it's my turn." I said as I got up and made my way to the bathroom. I came back to bed a few minutes later to find him sitting up in bed.

"Are you sure you're okay?" I asked him again getting back into bed.

"Oh yes...I am very okay..." he said kissing me. "You know when you started to moan I thought I had hurt you..."

"No you didn't hurt me, I loved it. I just wanted to let you know it felt good." I told him, still wondering if it was going to be a one night stand.

"Well I never want to hurt you ever." I sat my empty glass on the table next to the bed and laid back on the pillows. "Come here..." he said pulling me close to him, I snuggled into his arms and we just laid there for awhile talking until we both started to yawn.

"Guess we'd better get some sleep...wonder what your girlfriend is thinking of you not home yet???"

"She's probably pacing the floor picturing that you've kidnapped me or something..." I said not really caring what she thought. This had been one of the best night's of my life and I wouldn't take anything for it. We must have fallen asleep soon after that because I awoke with him holding me tightly. 

"Well good morning...how did you sleep?" he asked me kissing me on the top of my head.

"I slept great...how long have you been awake?" I asked as he bent down and kissed me.

"A little while...I was watching you sleep..." he confessed.

"Oh no! Do I snore???"

"Naw...but you do mumble in your sleep..." he said teasing me. 

"Okay as long as I don't snore..." I didn't get a chance to say much else because he started to make love to me again, it was just as good as the first time. We took our time, I never wanted to leave him. After making love we got up and took showers and as I started to get dressed he stopped me.

"Here...you can wear these home..." he said handing me a pair of his jeans and a tee-shirt. "How would it look if you came home in the same thing you wore yesterday..."

"Do you think they'll know." I said as I pulled his jeans on, they were a bit big but it would be okay.

I bet my girlfriend was ready to call the police.

"Well...you're coming home the day after a date and wearing my clothes yeah I think they might know..."

"You know what I had a great time and I don't care if she is upset, she'll get over it." I didn't want this to end but I know I had to get home and he had a three hour round trip and he had to get ready for work the next day. 

We stopped at McDonalds on the way to Virginia Beach, grabbed a couple of burgers, fries and drinks. Soon we were pulling into the driveway and I knew it was coming to an end. 

My friend and her sister's were walking out the front door before the car even stopped.

"Where have you been???" she said loudly looking at Ted and then me.

"We had dinner last night then we went for a drive and then went to Ted's house..." I told her grabbing my clothes out of the back seat.

"Well we were worried, we thought you had been kidnapped or something." she said going on and on.

"No he didn't kidnap me..." I told her, they finally went into the house so we could say our good-byes.

"I don't want to say good-bye." I told him as he took me in his arms.

"I'll call you from work tomorrow I promise..." he said bending down and kissing me.

"Okay, be careful going home..." I said suddenly feeling like I wanted to cry. But I wasn't going to let him see me cry.

"Okay, be good...talk to you tomorrow Kiddo..." he kissed me again..."See ya..." he said as he got into the car. I was wondering if I would see him again. He started the car, waved and backed out of the driveway. I watched him as he turned the corner and then I went into the house. 

It was twenty million questions from everybody, my girlfriend, her sisters, her grandmother.

"Well, you're wearing his clothes, did ya sleep with him???" one of her brother's asked me point blank.

"That's between him and I..." I said trying to keep it all in. But I was dying to tell her and her sisters.

So we went upstairs and I told them almost everything, still wondering if I'd hear from him again.

He called the next day just like he promised and the day after that and on Wednesday he called and said "Pack a bag Kiddo...I'm on my way..." I didn't have to think, I packed a bag for a few days and then told my friend I wasn't going to be able to work for a few days.

"So he is more important than your job???"

"Yep he is..." I said as I grabbed my bag and went downstairs and waited for him.

So we dated like this for a couple of years, him picking me up on weekends and at times for a week or so at a time. I finally got tired of living with my friend and her family and had saved enough money to get my own small studio apartment at the beach. I found a job at McDonalds and was happy.

Then for some reason Ted and I grew apart and he had moved back to Ohio, I was heart broken, I thought I'd never seen him again. Then a few months later the phone rang one day and it was Ted. He had called my girlfriend and gotten my phone number.

We had a long talk and admitted we missed each other. We wrote letters, phoned each other. One Friday morning he called and said "Can you get this weekend off???"

I asked why.

"I'm packing my car I'll be to your house in about eight hours, that is if you want to see me."

"Yes, of course I want to see you, and I'll get the weekend off don't worry." I told him how to exactly get to my apartment and he hung up. I got dressed, went grocery shopping, went home and cleaned the entire apartment, then I paced the rest of the day, watching out the window. I could see when he turned the corner and he pulled up in front of my apartment. I lived on the second floor, I was out the door and down the stairs before he could stop the car. I ran into his arms almost knocking him down.

We had a great weekend, but it went by too fast and soon he was getting ready to leave. I didn't know when I'd see him again. So it went like this for awhile and again we lost touch for what ever reasons.

I got so depressed I packed all of my belongings and put it all into storage jumped on a bus and went to California. I cried for three thousand miles, I missed him so much and loved him with all of my heart.

Once out in California I tried to start a new life, met a man, thought I was in love with and got pregnant. I was four months pregnant the day I got married. I cried all day, everyone thought it was because I was so happy. I was miserable. I knew I was making a mistake, I didn't want to marry this man. I wanted to be marrying Ted and having his baby. But I went through with the wedding and it started many years of hell for me and my kids.

On my first anniversary I left my husband who had been in and out of jail my whole pregnancy.

I went back to Virginia and when I got back there with my six month old daughter I found out I was pregnant again. So like a dummy let the husband come to Virginia, tried to make it work.

I went on with my life as best as I could. Always wondering where Ted was, how he was.

We both went on with our lives, trying to make the best of them.

After 27 years, moving to North Carolina, many seperations and finally the death of my Dad. I moved to Tennessee.

I got to thinking about Ted a year and a half ago and decided to look him up on the internet.

I went to a business website and typed in his name and his profile was the first one that came up.

I wrote an email asking him if he remembered me and asking how he was. I sat for almost five minutes before I hit the send key. 

I sent it thinking he would do one of three things.

1. Ignore it, 2. Email me back and tell me to leave him alone. Or 3. Email me back.

I was on pins and needles after I sent it, praying he would answer me back. I checked my email later that day and he had answered. I was shaking as I opened the email.

He told me some of what had been going on with him and I told him about me. We started to email each other, every day. Finally after about a week we decided to start instant messaging.

We messaged every night after he got off of work for the next six months and then he came to visit me.

That weekend was the best, it was over way too soon. When he got ready to leave I told him I loved him and he finally told me he loved me too. 

So this is where we are right now, messaging each other at night when he gets off of work, seeing each other when we can but knowing we truly love each other. It's hard being away from him and things are complicated right now but the important thing is we love each other. When we first started chatting I told him how long I had looked for him and he admitted he had been looking for me too.

I mean, what was the chance I would find him on the first website I went too??? And that his would be the first profile that came up??? We both feel we were meant to find each other again. I know I never want to lose him again.