 A few years ago in August, my wife and I went on a vacation to visit some longtime friends who lived in Northern Utah. The vacation went well and when it was time to return to our home in southern California we headed down the southbound I-15. 

We were in the southern part of Utah when the air conditioning in our car decided to call it quits, so we stopped in St. George Utah. It was three in the afternoon, and the temperature was 112 degrees in the shade.

Our car was still under warranty, so we found a local dealer and arranged to get the air conditioner repaired. The service manager told us that they would have our car ready for us by eleven the next morning.

We had planned to spend the night in Las Vegas, which was another two hours away, but I had no desire to drive across the desert in over 100 degree heat.

The dealer loaned us a car, and we drove to a hotel that looked pretty nice. It even had a pool. We went to our room and turned the air conditioner up to the max. After relaxing for a few of hours we went out for some dinner. I remember when we left the restaurant at nine PM it felt a lot cooler. I looked up at a bank thermometer and it said it was 94 degrees.

My wife and I returned to our hotel room and went to bed. I turned on the TV and watched it for awhile. At about eleven I decided to get a cold drink out of a vending machine near the pool area. I slipped on my pants and went down to the pool area. After I got my drink, I turned and started to go back to my room when something caught my eye. Across the pool someone was sitting on one of the lounge chairs. I would have never known it, but the glow of a cigarette caught my eye.

I continued back to my room and watched TV for another half hour, then I decided to go out for a late night swim. I quickly changed into my trunks and grabbed a towel. I looked at my wife wondering if she would like to join me, but she was fast asleep so I left without her.

The pool area was dark and there was nobody in the pool. The water felt good as I stepped down into the pool and submerged myself completely. I swam for a little bit and then I climbed out and started to dry myself with my towel.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the glow of a cigarette. I turned and noticed a woman reclining in a lounge chair in a dark area about six feet away from me. She was wearing a bath robe and casually smoking her cigarette. 

“Hi, I didn’t see you there”, I said.

“Did it feel good”, she asked.

“What?…Oh the water? Yes, it felt great. It‘s a great way to cool off.” 

I walked up closer to get a better look at her. She was in her mid to late thirties with a nice body that was perhaps carying a few extra pounds, but it looked very nice to me. The opening of her robe revealed most of her right leg and I could not see any hint of clothing under it.

“Have you been in the pool?” I asked. 

“Yes, but much earlier. I was bored, so I came out here to enjoy the night air.” There was an awkward silence for a moment. I didn’t know what to say to her, but I really wanted to see what she had on under her robe. She took another drag from her cigarette. 

“You can sit down and join me if you like.” She said gesturing to the lounge chair next to her. 

“Thanks, it really is nice out here.”

I sat down next to her and watched her as she turned toward me. Her robe opened to reveal everything from her waist to her toes. In the dim light I could see her bare hips and her exposed pussy. My eyes had adjusted to the darkness well enough so I could even tell that her pussy was shaved clean. She was looking at me as she parted her legs slightly. 

“I bet you’re thinking that this is a lot better than sitting in your room watching TV”, She said.

I bet you’re right.” I replied.

She looked very sexy in her robe, and the way she casually smoked her cigarette made gave her a very sultry apearance.

“Very nice”, I said looking at her beautiful body.

She sat up and allowed her robe to slide off her shoulders and down her arms. Her whole body was exposed to the night air. 

“You are beautiful”, I told her. As soon as I said I felt like an idiot.

She leaned back in her lounge chair and said. “Thank you. It feels nice when a man appreciates you.” She put out her cigarette and looked at me again. “Would you like to do something for me?” She asked in a very sexy voice. 

“Sure, what would like me to do?” I asked a little excitedly.

She laid back even further on her lounge chair and opened her legs, “Would you please eat me?”

I didn’t bother to answer her. I got out of my chair, positioned myself between her legs and lowered my head to her pussy. I kissed her several times just above her pussy and around it on each side. She cooed with pleasure each time my lips touched her. 


“Oh that feels wonderful”, She whispered to me. Her pussy was open and very wet. My tongue probed her hole and I felt her body shudder with pleasure. “Oh God I love that feeling”, She said as she writhed in her chair.

I slid my tongue in and out of her hole and then moved up to her erect clit. I loved how wet she was and how much she was enjoying what I was doing to her. In a short time she had a wonderful orgasm. I continued to lick her pussy softly as she recovered from her orgasm. 

“Don’t stop”, She whispered to me as I looked up at her. I lowered my head back down to her pussy and began to lick her again. This time she lit another cigarette and lay back to smoke it while I ran my tongue in circles inside the opening of her pussy. “You do this very well. You must have had practice.” She said as I continued licking her pussy. I didn’t say a word, I just continued to lick her pussy.

“Oh yes.” She said as her next orgasm began to build. She put her hand on the back of my head as her orgasm grew closer. “Oh yes, keep doing that. Yes.” She told me. In a moment both of her hands were on the back of my head pushing my face into her soaking wet pussy. “Oh God here it comes.” She groaned as the orgasm overtook her.

After she relaxed for a few moments she let my head go and said. “Thank you, that was wonderful.”

“You’re welcome.” I said as I gave her pussy one last kiss.

“Now it’s your turn.” She told me. “Lay back on your chair and pull your swimming trunks off. 

I laid back on my lounge chair and quickly pulled my trunks off. My cock stood at attention anxiously awaiting her touch. She lowered herself down on top of me with my cock sliding easily into her pussy. “Umm, that feels good.” She said while moving her hips forward and back. I reached up and fondled her petite breasts as she rode me at an easy pace.

She put her hands on the arm rests of my chair and began to ride me faster. I watched as her fucking grew more intense. I could not believe my luck. I was having sex with a gorgeous woman who I only met fifteen minutes ago. Now my cock is deep inside her and she is riding me hard.

My cock started to spasm and my hot load shot into her. “Oh that feels good. I love the feeling of cum squirting into me.” She rode me for a few minutes longer and then stopped abruptly. 

“Thank you”, she said as she stood up. “I really needed that.”

“What is your name”, I asked, not wanting her to leave. 

“Does it matter?“ She replied, then bent over put her cigarette out and walked away. 

I sat there for a few minutes thinking about what had just happened and then I went back into the pool for another swim.