 "Thank you honey." Patti said as they drove through the Virginia Countryside.

"For what?" Ted asked looking over at her, he had to wonder what she had on under that dress.

Knowing her not much or nothing at all. He took her hand and kissed it.

"Surprising me yesterday, and this great vacation." she said.

"You're welcome Sweetheart, we needed some alone time." he said as he put a CD into the stereo.

"So are you going to show me what you have on under that dress?" he asked her teasing her. He took her hand and entwined fingers with her.

"I might..." she said as she pulled the hem of her dress above her knees, she reached down and slipped her hand under her dress. "Mm-mm." she said as she felt her damp panties.

"You are such a tease." he told her as he glanced back at the road, it wouldn't do them any good to get into an accident. He kept watching her as she rubbed herself, he felt his cock start to get hard. She was doing this on purpose. One thing he loved about her was her sex drive. She could never get enough.

Patti reclined her seat back a bit, so she could get comfortable. She lifted her ass off of the seat and wiggled out of her panties. She took them off, knowing Ted was watching her. She spread her legs, then she took and licked her juices off of her panties. " Yummy pussy." she said as she noisily sucked the crotch of her wet panties into her mouth. She knew it was getting him all horny, just like she wanted. She could never get enough of him. She liked making him all horny and turned on.

"Holy Fuck baby!" he could smell the scent of her pussy. "Fuck!" he thought "I've got to find a place to pull over." he said as he glanced in the rear view mirror. He wondered what she was going to do next. 

"Hmm." she said as she reached over and rubbed her hand across his crotch, she could feel his hard cock. "I think my lover man needs a blow job." she said as she turned around in the seat and got into a better position to reach his zipper. Patti unbuckled his belt,unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and she reached her hand inside of his pants. "I love your hard cock." she said as she pulled his cock and balls out. 

Shit, he thought they had always talked about her giving him a blow job as the drove down the road but he never thought she'd really do it. Thank Goodness the SUV sat up high, not so easy for people to notice what she was doing.

She rubbed and stroked his cock, loving how it felt in her hand, nice and hard. "Mm-mm." she moaned as she bent down over him and licked the head of his cock.

"Damn honey." he said as he tried to concentrate on his driving. She was really licking his cock going down the road. He reached over and rubbed her back as she took the head of his dick into her mouth. "Yes." he said as he felt her flick her tongue across the head of his cock. Ted glanced around making sure nobody could see them.

Patti glanced up at him, letting his cock slip out of her mouth. "I'm going to suck you dry." she told him. She stroked his balls, loving the way they felt in her hand. Bending down she licked them,sucking them gently into her mouth.

Dear God he thought as she sucked his balls into her hot,wet mouth. She is the best cock sucker he has ever had. She can't get enough of sucking his cock, making him cum and swallowing it. 

"Yeah baby, suck them." he whispered to her she did know how to make him feel like a man.

Patti continued to lick and suck his balls, stroking his hard cock,feeling him getting harder. She licked his balls, licking his cock. Moaning around his cock, she nibbled on the hard,wet shaft. Damn, she did love to suck his cock and feel him fucking her. She loved making him feel good, loved being his whore,his slut.

She continued to lick and suck his cock and balls, going back and forth. In and out of her hot, wet mouth she sucked his balls as she stroked his dick. "Ah-hh, yeah do it." he whispered as she took his cock all the way. Suddenly an 18 wheeler pulled up next to them and the truck driver blasted his horn.

Ted glanced over and saw the driver giving him a thumbs up. "Shit baby, that guy saw you sucking my dick." he told her as she flicked her tongue across the head of his cock. "Guess he got an eye full." he told her as he felt her take his cock as deep as she could. 

She was moaning around his cock in her mouth, licking and slurping making his cock so wet.

He didn't know if he could continue to drive with the way she was sucking him. He decided to find a place to pull off of the highway. 

Patti sat up a bit and let his cock clip out of her mouth, she stroked his cock. Damn! She wanted his cum so bad, feel it filling her mouth, taste it and swallow it. She would always be his little cum slut.

She bend down and took his cock back into her mouth, she would make him cum.

Ted saw a rest area up ahead and he decided to pull off, Patti glanced up to see where they were going. "Oh don't stop baby. Just finding a secluded place to park." he told her as he exited off of the interstate. 

Patti continued to lick his cock all over, flicking her tongue across the head of his cock. "Mm-mm" she moaned around his cock in her mouth.

Ted pulled into a parking spot away from other cars, hopefully nobody else would park close.

He reclined his seat a bit giving her some more room. "That's it baby, suck my cock." he told her as he glanced around making sure it was clear. He lifted up and pulled his jeans and undies down. Thank God the windows were slightly tinted.

"Damn!" he thought she does know how to suck a cock, he rubbed her back gently. "Suck the cum out of my cock." he told her as he reached behind her and pulled the back of her dress up. Feeling her soft skin, no bra he liked that. She was licking and slurping his cock. It was like it was her first time, she was hungry, couldn't get enough.

"Hm-mm." she moaned as she went back to the head of his cock and flicked the tip of her tongue across it. "Yummy." she said as she licked the pre-cum from the head of his dick.

"You are such a slut baby, but you are MY SLUT." he told her as he raised his hips pushing his cock back into her mouth. He was loving this, he had a feeling there wasn't anything she wouldn't try. He had never known another woman like her. She was a wild woman, hell she was HIS wild woman. 

Patti continued to lick his cock, stroking his balls. She loved to give him pleasure anyplace, anytime. From the first time she had played with herself when she was 12 years old, she had loved the feeling of making herself cum. She was his whore-slut and she loved it. She loved knowing she could make him feel good and bring him off, make him cum.

The sun was starting to set it would be dark soon. She was so fucking horny, she wanted to feel Ted fucking her. Feel him licking and sucking on her hard nipples, biting them. Maybe they could find a quiet spot for a quickie. She needed to get fucked. But this was for him. She wanted to show him how much she loved him, missed him.

"Ah-hh, yeah baby girl suck my balls." he moaned as she licked his balls, taking one into her mouth.

She stroked his cock, slowly, feeling the pre-cum dribbling down the shaft. 

She went back to sucking his cock. She loved the feeling of his hard cock in her mouth. Bobbing up and down on his cock. He grabbed the back of her head and held her down on his cock. "Take it, yeah, take it my little whore." he told her as she took it deeper. 

Patti loved the feel and taste of his cock in her mouth, she was his cum-slut and she loved it.

"Mm-mm." she moaned around his dick, taking it as far down her throat as she could. He was holding her down. Fuck, she was getting so turned on. In and out of her hot wet mouth she took his dick. The more excited he got the tighter he grabbed her hair, he fucked her mouth fast and deep.

"Do it, suck the cum out of my cock." he told her knowing he was going to cum soon. Damn this felt so good he didn't want it to end. "Oh you are such a good girl, yes, fuck my cock with your hot mouth." he told her as he glanced around the parking lot making sure they were alone.

"You are my little whore aren't you?" he asked her, all she could do was nod. He loosened his grip on her hair a bit. It made him so hot to watch her taking his cock in her mouth. In and out she took his dick, sucking hard and slow making it last. 

A car drove slowly past them but kept on going. Ted watched as they went toward the interstate.

"I'm going to have to come home more often baby." he told her meaning it, they needed more time together. "I miss you and I miss this, making love with you." he told her as he gently rubbed her back.

"Would you like that baby?" he asked her as she took his cock as deep as she could, putting pressure on his dick. She nodded her head, wanting him home all the time. She licked the head of his cock, flicking her tongue all over it, all down the shaft. Hearing him moaning and talking to her had gotten her so turned on.

Licking her way back to the head of his cock she took it back into her mouth. Sucking and slurping on it noisily she was going to make him cum. She needed to taste his cum, feel it filling her mouth.

"Mm-mm, mm-mm," she moaned as she fucked his cock like a mad woman. She wanted his cum, no, she needed it. Needed to make him cum.

"Fuck, oh yes, suck my dick." Ted told her as he rammed his cock into her mouth, in and out he rammed it as far as she could take it. 

Patti felt his cock getting harder, throbbing in her mouth, she knew he was going to cum soon. 

"Fuck my mouth." she thought as he grabbed the back of her head and held her down on his cock.

Faster and deeper he slammed his dick into her mouth, "Shit, gonna cumm," he moaned as he held her down on his cock. She took it all the way, "Hm-mm, awww, fuck baby girl take it! Take my cum you slut." he told her as he felt himself cumming, filling her mouth.

Patti loved the feeling of making him cum, filling her hot, wet mouth with his seed. Spur after spurt filled her mouth, she swallowed, loving the taste. She felt his cock throbbing as he let go of her hair. She pulled away from him for a second, getting some much needed air.

He pulled her up to him and he kissed her hungrily, slipping his tongue into her mouth. He could taste his cum on her tongue and he loved it. 

"Mm-mm cum, yummy." he told her as he pulled away from her. "You did it baby, you sucked me off in the car." he said amazed that she really did it. She was one hot woman and he was so glad she was his. 

"Did you enjoy it honey?" she asked as she pulled her dress down.

"Fuck yes I loved it." he told her as he pulled his jeans and undies back up.

"I'm glad, see I told you I was going to do that one day." she said as she reached into the back seat for her purse. "I'm going to go to the little girls room." she said slipping her shoes back on.

"Yeah, I think I need to go to the little boys room." he told her reaching into the glove box for his wallet. "I'll meet you outside." he said as they got out of the car and headed for the restrooms. He knew it was going to be a great vacation.