 You lay back against the pillows and watch every move I make. I'm taking my time and slowly teasing you, taking your balls into my mouth one at a time, gently sucking on them. "Hmmm...I've missed you so much baby..." I hear you telling me as I flick my tongue across your balls. "Yeah...just like that..." Stroking your cock I feel it getting hard in my hand, makes me hot knowing I can make you hard, and make you feel good.

I let your balls slip from my mouth, "Like that baby???" I ask as I glance up at you.

"Oh yeah...very much..." I lick my way back to the tip of your cock, stroking your cock as I lick the shaft of your cock, up and down. I nibble my way back to the head of your cock, taking it into my mouth. You grab handfuls of my long hair and hold me down as I take you a bit deeper in my mouth.

"Suck it baby...just like that..." I hear you moan as I suck you, in and out of my mouth. I love the feel of your hard cock in my mouth, I could do this all day every day and not ever get tired of taking care of you and satisfying you. In and out I take it a bit deeper each time, finally having it all. I come up for air and lick the head of your cock, tasting pre-cum. I look up at you, you're laying there with your eyes closed just enjoying the feelings. I continue like this for awhile, licking and sucking your cock into my mouth, fucking your cock. I have let you get close to cumming a couple of times but then I stopped, let you calm down and I started all over again. 

"You are making me moan baby..." I hear you telling me. I pull away from your cock and I move up to you, I straddle your cock. I want you inside of me now. I take your cock in my hand and I slowly guide it to the entrance of my dripping wet pussy. "Ride my cock baby..." you tell me, reaching for my tits, pinching my hard nipples between your fingers, feels good when you do that.

"I will..." I take just the head of your cock in my pussy, pulling away. I don't want to rush it, wanting to make it last. In and out a little deeper each time. 

I ride your cock, slow at first and then a bit faster. You feel so good inside of me, fucking up into me as you hold on to my hips tight. "You're pussy is so tight honey..." you tell me giving me your cock.

You pull me down on top of you and start to pound up inside of me faster and harder. 

"Oh yeah...that's it baby ride me..." you tell me. I sit up again and you grab my tits, squeezing them tightly as I pound my pussy on your cock. I want to make you cum, feel your cum deep inside of me.

Some how you hold onto me and flip me over onto my back, you're above me now. 

"No more teasing baby girl..." you say leaning down and taking my left nipple into your mouth and

biting it gently, flicking your tongue across it.

"Oh fuck baby..." Is all I can moan, you suck and lick my nipples as you suddenly ram your cock into my wet slit. You straighten up, grab my ankles and hold my legs up in the air as you fuck me. I pinch my nipples as you pound me. 

"Oh yeah...love your tight pussy baby..." you tell me as you fuck me hard and fast. "Not gonna be long baby...gonna cum quick this first time..."

"Yes...yes...yes...give me your cum baby...fuck me!!" I say loudly, I have missed you making love with me so much, missing you all of the time.

"Oh yeah...getting close honey...gonna fill your tight pussy..." 

You hold me tightly, pounding me as hard as you can, I am getting so close, I reach down and rub my clit fast and hard wanting to cum with you. You're going to cum, I can feel your cock getting harder. You go as deep as you can and I feel your cock throbbing in me. Filling my pussy with cum. "Awww...yeah...take it...take it..." you moan holding your cock all the way inside of me giving me your cum. You lean down and kiss me just holding each other. 

"Are you okay baby girl?" you ask looking at me.

"Yes, I'm fine..." I tell you as you pull away from me. You lay next to me and hold me close, trying to catch your breath.

"But you didn't cum..." you say looking at me.

"It's okay baby...I wanted to take care of you..."

You bend over and take my nipple back in your mouth, nibbling on it as you pinch my other nipple. A sigh escapes my lips as you lick my nipples.

"Just lay back and relax..." you say as you kiss me gently. I take your hand and put it on my pussy.

You caress my pussy, gently, making sure not to touch my clit, not yet.

Slipping your hand between my legs you spread my pussy lips open gently. "Hmmmm...yes..." I moan wanting to cum. You slip two fingers inside of my pussy and finger me slowly, taking your cum covered fingers you feed me your cum and my pussy juice. Taste so good baby, I suck your fingers clean. You move down between my legs, pushing my legs back you finger my slit as you lick my clit.

"Yes...oh yeah baby..." I moan as you finger me a bit faster, nibbling on my clit. Curling your fingers inside of me, you hit my G spot, I gasp as I grab the sheets. In and out faster and deeper as you suck my clit. I can't lay still it just feels too good.

"Don't stop baby...please..." I beg you reaching for my tits. I pinch my nipples hard, twisting them.

Fingering me hard and deep, I am getting so close. You can tell I am close as you finger me faster and faster. "Yeah...yeah...yeah...I'm gonna squirt baby...!!" I say loudly I start to cum...You move back and just watch as I cum and get our bed soaked. "Yes...fuck...yes...cumming baby..." I close my legs around your hand as my wet pussy is throbbing.

"Cum for me..." you tell me bending down spreading my legs open and licking up all of my pussy juice. 

You move back next to me on the bed, holding me close.

"So...did I make you moan baby???" I ask, looking at you.

"Yes...yes you did..." 

After a few minutes you get up and go to the bathroom and I change the sheets and blankets on the bed.

"That was fast..." you say as you walk in, noticing the clean sheets.

"Well we don't need to sleep in a wet spot."

I take my turn in the bathroom washing up and after I go into the kitchen and grab us a couple of cold drinks I return to the bedroom. You're setting the clock on your phone as I get back into bed and set the drinks on the bedside table.

"Here you go" I say handing you your drink. After drinking about half of mine I set the can on the table and snuggle down under the blankets.

"I thought we could leave around 7:00am maybe getting some breakfast on the way if that's okay with you." You tell me holding me close, "Just take our time, no rush to get there...how does that sound?"

"So get up around 6:00am will give me enough time to take a shower and pack."

"Sounds like a plan to me baby girl...lets get some sleep okay..." 

You kiss me good night and turn out the lamp.