 The following is a letter written to my wife, hope you enjoy it. We recently went on vacation, and one of the services provided at the all-inclusive resort was a 'couples massage'. We both weren't sure what to expect, but thought that we would indulge ourselves a little. When time came for the massages, they had a wonderful area where we were able to drink champagne, eat strawberries, and had access to a private hot tub and shower before our massages. This is the re-creation of that late afternoon.... 

But before I get too far, let me tell you a little bit about us. She is in her early 30's, and her hours at the gym have done well for her body. She is 5'9" tall, and weighs about 135. She has a gorgeous face, amazing shoulders and arms, 32B breasts, a taught stomach, and well toned ass and legs. She is much more on the conservative side though, when it comes to sex and sexual situations. I am a few years older than her, and several inches taller. My sexual imagination and ideas are a little more on the wild side than hers.

We will start by scheduling our massages, and going into our private area, drinking champagne and feeding chocolate covered strawberries to each other. We have each walked through the 'public' area in our robes, and I watch you as you start to remove it. You are wearing a white and pink string bikini, and have slid the strings so that the actual coverage of the bikini is as small as it possibly can be. The fact that we have been in Mexico for a few days, and your tan is better really makes a great contrast between both the robe, the bikini, and your skin. Your stomach looks so good, that I think I want to lay you down, pour some champagne on you, and work my way on licking it off. I think to myself, 'I'm the luckiest guy in the world, married to someone so sexy!'

We take the steps down into the hot tub, and start to kiss. Both of our hands start to wander a little bit, and my fingers trace along the sides of the top of your bikini, brushing along the sides of your breasts. Your hands have come around to the front of my shorts, gently running over my dick under the water. As we continue kissing, you sit up taller away from the side of the Jacuzzi, and reach behind you to untie your bikini top, then briefly breaking our kiss to remove your top entirely. We are in a private area, and we continue with our sensual kissing. I slowly kiss down your chin and neck, working my way down to your breasts, gently squeezing one with my hand, and licking/kissing the other one. You lean back and stretch, pressing your breasts out more as my mouth continues to work.

After a few more minutes, you tell me that you want to go into the shower area, so we get out of the hot tub, and walk over there. You still have on your bikini bottoms, though the back of it is almost a thong, as you have it set up to the smallest possible coverage (hmm... maybe next time we come down, we'll have to try to find a thong bikini for you... depending on where we go..) You walk under the shower, and turn it on. You do a little dance/strip tease under the water, and untie the side of your bikini bottom, then toss it over to me, as you dance naked under the shower. You reach down between your legs as you play with your clit with one hand, and continue to sway your hips. This lasts for a little while, then you bring your other hand to your pussy as well, and start to play with yourself by sliding 2 fingers from your other hand inside you. I can't take this much longer, and I take off my shorts as well, and come over to you. I walk around so I am behind you, and hold you in my arms, with mine on the outside both of yours, as you are still sliding your fingers in and out, getting closer to cumming. You tell me that you want to fuck for a little while before our massages. You bend forward a little, and I am easily able to slide into you. You are so wet, that I am able to slide all the way in on the first try. You push your ass back into me, and start to rock back and forth right away. Your fingers continue to play with your clit as I slide in and out. It doesn't take very long, as you were nearly at the point of cumming before we even started, and you start to cum. You slam your ass back into me, which almost makes me cum as well, but somehow, miraculously, I don't. 

Shortly after you cum, (coincidently, maybe? – or maybe the staff is able to see us in the shower area, and they watch us, and wait for us to finish before they decide to come in to give us our massages) the two massage therapists call out to us, and we scramble for our robes and swimsuits. They direct us to lay down, face down, between the sheets on 2 massage tables next to us. We are close to each other, but there is enough room for each of the therapists to walk between our tables. The music is relaxing, and at a medium volume, which makes it difficult to hear very much. The warming glow of the many candles throughout the room, and the faint smell of the nearby ocean add to the sensual/sexual energy that is in the room. 

You lay down, and your body just melts into the table. The masseuse comes up next to you, and lightly lifts the sheet from your shoulders and folds it down to your hip bones, just above your ass. He starts to work his hands along the base of your neck, along your shoulder blades, and down your spine, all the way to your hips. He then brings his hands slightly to the side, and glides them up your back, and repeats this cycle several times. Every time he works his way down your back, you relax just a little bit more and more. As he goes a few more times down your back, he brushes the edge of the sheet, which pushes it down just a little more, exposing the top of your butt. He also starts to bring his hands more out to the sides over the tops of your hips as he brings them back up to your shoulders. He slides his hands more along the sides of your ribs, then actually brushing the sides of your breasts as he comes up to your shoulders. You start to get a tingly feeling between your legs as he keeps up with his 'risque' massage, partly in anticipation/wondering how this will continue.

He then reaches to your arm, and, starting at your shoulder, starts to massage down your arm and into your fingers. He is directly on the side of you, with your arm hanging off the edge. His hands go in a circular motion over your shoulder, working around your biceps and triceps, then to your forearms, hands and fingers. He uses this circular motion on the way down, then a slightly lighter pressure as he runs his hands back up towards your shoulder. With your arms out to the sides, as he comes back up to the bottom side of your shoulder, he again lightly brushes along the side of your breast. You are not sure if he is doing this on purpose, or accidentally, but it feels really good, and that feeling between your legs continues to become more intense. He works a few more times with your right arm before trailing his hand across your back, then to the other shoulder, and repeats a similar massage to your left arm, again brushing lightly along the side of your breast with each cycle.

He then works his way down towards your legs, but rather than covering up your back, he simply slides the sheet over so it exposes part of the left side of your butt and your left leg. He starts down at your left foot, squeezing with just enough pressure, but not too much or too little, and again starts working in small circles around your foot and starting up your calf. Once he gets up you calf a little, he starts to use both hands in an alternating circular motion, which gently rocks your thigh muscle back and forth. This motion also starts to let the sheet slide a little more to expose your ass a little more, with the sheet slipping closer to your butt crack. You also realize that you are becoming really wet with his hands working on your leg, your thigh gently massaging your pussy, and realizing that you are continually becoming a little more and more exposed. You still aren't sure if it is happening accidentally, or on purpose, and even though it is very relaxing, it is also very arousing. 

He slowly works his way past your knee, then goes to more of an up-and-down pattern to slide along the back of your hamstrings. The first couple of times, he stops just short of your butt, and you aren't sure if you are glad that he stopped there, or hoping he would go just a little higher. He works his way back down your thigh, and to your calf again, and starts to repeat this whole process again. When he rocks your leg back and forth, your leg starts to spread away from the other one just a little bit, which now causes the sheet to go all way across your butt crack, and spread just a little bit. He again crosses the back of your knee and switches to the pattern of sliding his hands up the back of your thigh, again stopping just a little bit short of your ass. He goes back down your thigh, and repeats the process again, and your leg again spreads out just a little more. You continue to have a knot in your stomach, with anticipation and wonderment of what will happen next. 

This time, when he slides up the back of your thigh, he goes up to massaging your ass, kneading deeply into your left butt. He works up to the top of your hip bone, then across close to your crack, then works down towards your thigh again. He doesn't touch you inappropriately, but you realize that as he is kneading your butt, he is gently pulling your butt apart just a little bit, and the sheet is not really covering anything. Can he actually see your ass? Can he see how wet you are? The thoughts are driving you crazy....

He works on your butt a little more, and then works his hands back down your thigh and foot. His hands leave your body as you feel him start to slide the sheet from (partially) covering your right leg over to cover your left leg, though again it exposes about ½ your right butt cheek and your entire right leg. Your legs are still spread a little, as you haven't brought them together from your left leg massage, and he uses similar strokes on your right side, which has almost the same effect on the sheet, sliding it first right to your crack, then across to the other side, almost completely exposing your ass to him. Your legs are still a little spread, and you are almost certain that he can see everything, again not sure whether to be excited or nervous. 

After 4-5 times of going up the back of your thigh, he goes back up to your ass, and when he is on this side, the oil he is using starts to go closer to your butt crack, and he grazes one of his fingers down your butt crack. You tense up at first, but then relax, and he continues to go in a pattern where he goes from the outside of your right hip, across to the middle of your crack, and working down towards the top of your thighs. Every time he cycles through, his fingers venture just a little deeper into your crack, and a little lower. You are so wet that you are almost positive that he knows how excited he is making you. You unconsciously spread your legs just a little more, and his well-oiled hands actually graze across your ass and he goes down far enough that he also brushes across your pussy lips. You give out a quick gasp/moan, and his hands quickly move away from your most private areas. He works his way back down your legs, then covers you back up completely. You again aren't sure if you are relieved or upset that he stopped, knowing that it was naughty, but your pussy is soaked.

He then tells you that it is time to roll over to your back, and keeps you covered as you switch from your front to your back. As you lay down, he takes a towel and gently covers your eyes. Your are now completely covered basically from your shoulders down and essentially blindfolded. You can feel your nipples really poking into the sheet, as you are so turned on. You are sure that he is able to see this, but he still doesn't say anything, nor are you still sure whether all of this is being done accidentally or on purpose. 

He starts massaging your head and down to your face, and he comes to your cheekbones and temples, rubbing in small circles, with just the right amount of pressure. He goes down to work on the sides of your neck, lightly, very relaxing. As he keeps working up and down the sides of your neck, you again let out a little sigh/moan.

After about 30 seconds on your neck, his hands slide down to the tops of your shoulders, as he starts to rub the tops of your shoulders, and again you can feel the top of the sheet moving ever so slightly, which makes your nipples even more stiff, and exposing just the tops of your breasts. His hands keep working along the middle of your collarbone, gliding slightly down your chest, then out and across, and back up to the sides/top of your shoulders. He does this for a few more times, each time going a little further and further down, so you are almost sure the top of the sheet is just barely covering your nipples. Once you are just about sure that he will fully expose your nipples, he stops, and slides back out to your shoulders, and pulls your arm out to the side, working in a circular motion around your arm, kind of in a 'wringing' motion back and forth. He starts this with your arm down a little bit, but each time he goes up and down your arm, he raises it just a little more, which again causes the sheet to slip just a little bit down until your right breast is completely exposed. You know now that he can see your entire breast, and it is driving you crazy. You rock your legs just a little bit, as your legs come apart just a little under the sheet. Shortly after your breast is exposed, he places your hand back on the table, above the sheet, pretty much locking it in place just under your right breast. He runs his hands across your collarbones to the left side, and then works in a similar fashion on your left arm, wringing down towards your hand, then back up to your shoulder. With each repetition, he again brings your arm up just a little more, causing the sheet to brush ever so lightly, and ever so arousingly on your left nipple, until it, too, slides above the top of the sheet. He works up and down your arm a few more times as you feel the sheet slide completely down the bottom side of your left breast so it is also fully exposed. Just like the right side, he then places your arm back on the side of the table, above the sheet, which presses/locks the sheet in place, just below your breasts. 

He then starts to rub your rib cage, with one hand on each side, just below your breasts. He is over the top of the sheet, but it does slide a little as he glides his hands down your ribs, towards the top of your hip bones. You are still in a position where you could stop the sheet from sliding, but since he already has your breasts exposed, it doesn't worry you so much. You even lift your arms a little so he is able to slide the top of the sheet down over your hips, just above the few wisps of pussy hair that you have (you have shaved much more than you usually do, almost completely). He keeps sliding hands down, then up slowly, with his wrists just slightly touching the bottoms of your breasts, making your nipples even harder, and your pussy even wetter. He is pretty much driving you insane, whether he knows it or not, or is doing it on purpose or not. He keeps sliding his hands down your stomach and lower abs, and the more he does this, you actually start to match his rhythm a little bit and rock your hips back as his hands go lower to where he almost gets to your pubic bone before his hands trace back up your stomach and ribs. After a few minutes of this, he again has you on the verge of orgasm just from the sheer anticipation, and then he changes his focus.

He then goes down to your legs, and slides the sheet towards the middle, off your left leg, but still covering about ¼ of your thigh, angling out to the top of your hip. He starts at your left foot, working light but firm circles with his thumbs, again getting your leg to rotate just a little bit, almost too little to notice, but it works magically to massage your clit and pussy. He keeps up this similar pattern as he crosses the front of your ankle, and you can again feel the sheet start to move ever so slightly towards the middle of the table, off your left leg. He works up across your knee, and again changes from a circular pattern to more of an up-and-down sliding up your thigh, and towards the side of your left hip bone. His fingers slide just a little bit under the edge of the sheet, causing it to move slightly towards the right, exposing more and more of your 'front-hip' area. He slides gently across this down towards your thigh, and you instinctively contract your lower abs, which makes your pussy twitch and legs slide a little further apart. He works his way back down your thigh, then your shin before he repeats the same process. By the time he makes his way to your hip the third time, his hands slide in almost all the way to your pussy. Because you are almost completely shaved, every time his hands run across the area between your left hip and your pussy, it feels so good, turns you on even more, and makes you even wetter. 

Just when you think he is actually going to go all the way in to slide across the few pussy hairs that you have, he stops and moves over to your right side. Rather than cover your left leg, though, he simply slides the sheet towards the middle, again leaving about the top ¼ of your right thigh covered, angling towards your right hip bone. There isn't much covered, though, basically it is a small triangle that starts on the right hip, at the level of the hip, and ending just far enough to the left that your pussy is almost exposed. He again starts at your foot, working in small circles, rotating your leg just a bit. Once he crosses your ankle, he keeps up with the circles, which again starts to cause the sheet to slide a little further into the middle of your legs. Once he hits your thigh again, and works up towards your hip, his hands again brush a little under the small area that remains covered, sliding it ever so slightly towards your pussy from the right side. He goes back down your thigh again, and starts working up again, going a little more on the inside of your thigh, and across the inside of your hip. This time, he gets close enough to hit the area right at the top of your legs, and you let out a moan, and spread your legs even more. He works his way back down your thigh one more time, and by this time, you are completely in ecstasy. He comes back up one more time, along the inside of your thighs, and you spread a little further, this time causing the sheet to completely fall off of you. You realize that even though your eyes are covered, that you are on full display for him, and are soaking wet. He slides up the inside of your thigh, and this time touches your clit, and slides down the slit of your pussy. You again let out a moan, and bring your hands up to play with your nipples and tits, as he starts to put a finger inside you. He is easily able to slide two fingers inside you, and you cum almost immediately.

As you are cumming, he continues to keep his fingers inside you, working in and out. When you came, your hands went down to the edge of the table, and somehow, he ended up brushing his cock against the side of your hand. You instinctively reach out to rub the back of your hand against it, and you hear him start to moan a little and breathe a little harder. His hand leaves your pussy briefly, as you can feel him open up his pants. His hand returns quickly to your pussy, and you fish his cock out of his pants, and start to stroke him. You are still crazy turned on, as you are giving him a hand job as he slides his fingers in you soaked pussy. When he comes out, rather than go right back in, his fingers slide back just a little to play with your ass as well, which, surprising to you, turns you on even more. You know that what is happening isn't necessarily supposed to be happening, but he has you turned on so much that you just can't help it. 
