 This story is 100% true. Both of us are in our mid-20's and were at the time of the story.

*****

We were on vacation for a week with her family. Unfortunately, they're far more pious than we are so that meant sleeping in separate rooms. By the third day, I was craving her and couldn't take it any more.

She had gone upstairs for a shower. Attempting not to rouse suspicion in the house we shared with her extended family, I snuck up ten minutes after and went into her room, closing the door after me. I waited in the heat, the small ceiling fan doing little to cool my body or my nerves. I thought of what I was going to do; my 8 inches responded with little encouragement needed.

It seemed like forever before I heard her soft footsteps coming down the hall. The door handle turned and in she walked wearing nothing but a towel. She's 5'2", far shorter than my 6'6" and very slim. I walked over to her and pressed the door closed, then locking it. She knew exactly what she was about to get and I could tell from her heavy breathing she had been wanting it as much as I.

I reached to her, pulling at her towel. I watched as it fell around her ankles, exposing her 32DD breasts and her quarter-sized nipples, already stiff with anticipation. I grabbed her hair and roughly pulled her in for a deep kiss, forcing my tongue down her throat as far as it would reach. I reached down and grabbed her round ass, squeezing it and smacking it as hard as I could without making too much noise. I was finding it difficult to show restraint, but getting caught would mean I'd never again be invited and she'd be a paraiah in her family. 

She reached out, undid my belt and my zipper, dropped my shorts to the floor and grasped my now rock-hard cock, the purple veins bulging and the shaft pulsating with my elevated heartbeat. I released her from my kiss and attacked her breasts - she began to moan softly.

"I can't tell you how bad I've needed this. Fuck me. Hard and fast," she whispered in my ear.

I removed my hand from her ass and took her by her hair over to the foot of her bed. I shoved her forward. As her head went into the mattress, her ass lifted in the air, exposing her freshly shaved pussy and her tight little asshole. I couldn't help myself. I got on my knees and attacked her sopping wet cunt with my tongue. She came instantly, burying her face in the mattress and covering her mouth with her hand to stifle her scream.

I inserted a finger into her pussy and moved my tongue to her asshole, quickly darting in and out of her most private area. Her body shuddered with another orgasm and her pussy squirted into my hand.

I stood behind her, now completely ready to take my own satisfaction from our secret encounter. My dick bulged and looked enormous next to her tiny frame. I didn't wait for her to acclimate to my size. I plunged into her, my balls meeting her clit. She couldn't fully stifle her screams this time as she came.

I wasted no time. I grabbed her hair and yanked her up to me and whispered in her ear, "I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, little girl. You're not going to stop cumming until I blow my load all over you, understand?"

She simply whimpered and nodded, her brown eyes begging me to take her as she had wanted, hard and fast.

I began to pump her, slowly, deeply and roughly at first. One hard pump, then holding inside her as she came. One more hard pump, bottoming out in her pussy, my balls slapping her little clit. A third hard thrust - she bit her lip hard to keep from screaming bloody murder.

I quickened my pace as her pussy tightened around me. I squeezed her plump ass cheeks as I pistoned in and out of her. I could feel my own orgasm building. I fucked her faster and faster until finally I couldn't hold it any longer. "I'm cumming!" I groaned. This sent her over the edge into a mind numbing orgasm. I felt her pussy explode around me and her body shook uncontrollably. I pulled out of her and blasted 3 ropes of cum across her back up to the base of her neck. I targeted her ass with the final few droplets of her reward. 

I pulled her up, supporting her weight as she nearly crumpled to the ground. I kissed her deeply once more and then whispered in her ear, "Just wait till we get home."

I pulled up my shorts, zipped them, and left her collapsed over the bed panting, my thick cum covering her back and ass.