 In the 60s there were plenty of summer vacation jobs for students.

I was twenty two, just ending my second year studying biology on a teaching course.

It was also my second summer working on garden maintenance. It mainly consisted of mowing lawns, and a bit of weeding, and digging.

This particular year, I was to learn a lot more than gardening.

Every Wednesday I was dropped off with a trailer containing mower, petrol can, and edging shears at quite a 'posh' private estate in a south east London suburb.

The houses were modern, open plan, with big windows, and spaced apart. This meant there was quite a lot of grass.

By the time I'd been dropped off, and got the mower going, it was about 9am. Sometimes there was a dew on the grass, but I remember that summer it was great weather on most days.

The day it all started I was trundling the mower up and down, the sun was getting higher in the sky, and most people who worked had already left for work. 

As I passed one of the houses, I glanced through the large floor to ceiling window. It gave a view through the lounge to a similar window at the other end, looking out onto the rear garden. 

Halfway between the two, and silhouetted against the light, was the figure of a woman, a naked woman.

All I could see was her back, the slim waist, the rounded hips, and the long hair.

I let the clutch in on the mower, and stopped, staring for maybe four, or five seconds.

She turned, and saw me staring, and instantly, in embarrassment at being caught, I let out the clutch, and swiftly followed the mower on its way. My heart pounded. Partly through seeing a naked woman, and partly from being caught spying on her.

I was almost frightened to turn the mower round, and pass in front of the window again, on the return leg of my mowing.

I didn't know what to think, and then I saw that the blinds had been drawn. She had,obviously, been put out by the whole thing.

Anyway, I got on with my mowing, and tried to put the episode to the back of my mind.

It was something of a shock when above the noise of the mower I heard a voice, and turned to see the woman from the house beckoning me over. 

She had a glass of something in her hand, so after killing the engine, I walked over towards her. 

"I saw how hard you were working, and how hot it is, so I thought you might like a glass of lemonade," she smiled.

"Thanks very much," I said, unsure of what else to say. "Yes, it's scorching."

"And I also wanted to apologise for parading around in not very much."

Already flushed from my mowing, I must have turned even redder. 

"I should be the one saying sorry, I shouldn't have been looking into people's windows."

She smiled again. "Forget it, it's a natural thing to do. Anyway I'll be careful next Wednesday when you're back here. By the way I'm Norma."

"Thanks again, Norma, I'm Jack, and thanks for the lemonade" I said, handing her back the glass. 

Norma turned and walked back inside. I watched her every step of the way.

She was quite tall, I guess about 5' 10", I was 6' 3", and she was just a little shorter than me, in her pumps.

She had long blonde hair, blue eyes, but it was difficult to determine her figure beneath the flowing 'shift' dress that she was wearing. I guessed she was about forty.

As I sat under a tree eating my packed lunch, I pondered about Norma. Contemplating whether she lived alone. What her family circumstances were. 

In the afternoon I completed my mowing, but had to trim the lawn edges on all the areas I had mown. 

Part of that took me down the side of Norma's house, and round to the rear of the garden. It was easy to see into the garden, and as I progressed I saw Norma appear in a white bikini, and lay a towel on the grass. 

This time I was being careful not to stare. By appearing to look down at the shears, I was able to raise my eyes, and study her body. She was very sexy. 

Full breasts, and a largely flat tummy, with a wonderful round ass, and curvy thighs. 

And I gained the impression that she was putting on a show for me. Or was I fooling myself?

I peered, as she unhooked her bra, and held it in place as she lay on her front. It allowed the sun to tan her back without a strap mark. 

I was sure she knew I was looking, because almost immediately, she lifted herself up, exposing both breasts, with their pink erect nipples.

I left work that afternoon with that image ingrained in my mind.

The six days until the next Wednesday seemed like a lifetime. Several times I lay in bed, and stroked myself with the picture of her adding to my desire. When I came, it was difficult not to imagine her pussy squeezing my cock, and not my hand. 

Fortunately the weather remained hot, and I was dropped off at the usual time.

I topped up the mower and started my routine.

After about half an hour I got to the long stretches of mowing past Norma's house. 

As I got level with the window, I glanced right, and looking right through the lounge to the other end, I saw no one. So perhaps she wasn't at home.

On the return stretch it was the same, apparently an empty house. I remember feeling deflated.

Passing the lounge the next time I looked more deliberately, even slowing down. At that very moment Norma walked into the lounge, completely naked, and stopping, looked directly at me. 

This time I didn't move, and watched as she walked slowly towards me. I watched as her breasts swung from side to side, and looking me in the eyes, she reached up slowly, and drew the blinds. 

My heart was beating so fast, I had to calm down. The only way I could do that was to continue mowing. 

I wasn't sure where this was going. 

I carried on back and forth, as the heat of the day increased, and I thought that the whole Norma thing was largely in my mind.

Dripping with sweat, I stopped to drink some water from my water bottle. As I stood there, Norma suddenly appeared at the side gate with another glass of lemonade.

I walked over, and just as though nothing had happened, she passed me the glass, and said, "This is better than water. When it's time for your lunch ring the back door bell, and I'll get you some more." And with that she turned, and went back inside.

The whole thing seemed quite odd to me.

It was now getting to mid day so I did a bit more mowing, and decided that I needed a break.

I grabbed my packed lunch, and wandered over to Norma's.

She had said to ring the back door bell, so I pressed the bell.

"Come in, come in," it was Norma's voice.

Naturally I opened the door, and stepped inside.

My jaw dropped, and I couldn't believe my eyes. 

"Well, Jack, this is what you kept getting a glimpse of."

Norma was standing in front of the kitchen island, completely naked.

"Come closer, I know you can't believe this, but I'm all alone, and we both need lunch." It was said with an ironic smile.

I took two steps, and was taking in every inch of her body. I was also conscious that I was dripping with sweat.

Norma reached out, and ran her finger tips down the centre of my t-shirt. When she reached my waist, she pulled the t-shirt over my head. As it dropped to the floor, Norma pressed closer, and rubbed her breasts against my sweaty chest. Stepping back her nipples glistened with moisture. 

I remember that she had this incredibly mischievous smile, which always meant that something was about to happen. And it did. 

First the smile, then the kiss, and then her hand squeezing my crotch. 

She could feel me hardening, as her tongue flicked against mine. Then both hands released my shorts and Y-fronts, and as I stepped out of them, her hand closed around my cock. It was rock hard.

Placing her hands on either side of her, she hitched herself onto the work surface, and opening her thighs pulled me inside her. 

It happened so quickly, she was so wet, I was so hard.

We were both frantically moving against each other, the mixture of moans, sighs, the sounds of slippery skin against skin. I remember the perspiration from my face dripping between us onto her breasts. 

And then Norma started to cum. She thrust her hips against me, pulling me into her. Her eyes were closed, her head thrown back, and a long cry came from her mouth. 

As she relaxed onto me, I slowly pushed just a few more times into her, and with a stifled moan I started to cum too. She opened her eyes to watch my face expressing a pleasure that made her slowly smile.

I stepped back and Norma lowered herself to the floor, and we kissed again. 

"You'd better shower before you get back to work, young man," she said, pointing to the shower room.

"I don't really know what to say," was my reply.

"Don't say anything, when you've had your shower, you'll go back to work. But I do want to see you again."

I went, and showered, somewhat in a daze. I hadn't had many girlfriends, but what had just taken place had opened up a whole new level of desire.

Dressed again in my shorts and sweaty t-shirt, Norma seemed very polite as I held her, and thanked her. She kissed me and said, "There's a lot to be said, but not now, you must get back to work. My husband is in the Far East until next month, would you be able to visit me this evening?"

I didn't really care what else was happening that evening, I would be there.

"Yes, I'll be here around eight?"

"That's good, yes, now get back to your mowing," and with another kiss I left.

The rest of the afternoon flew by, and back home at my parent's house that evening, I showered again, and left for Norma's.

It was a half an hour bus ride, and I had time to contemplate the day. I had no idea about what Norma wanted out of it all. I knew nothing about her, except that she was married, and her husband was away.

I was greeted at the door by Norma, just a brief kiss on the cheek, and we went into the lounge, the lounge where I'd seen her naked through the window. She already had a glass of wine, and got me the beer I asked for.

"Ok Jack, after what happened today I think we need to know a bit more about each other. I'm excited by you, but I am a realist, and we should be honest about ourselves. Tell me about yourself."

We sat at either end of a corduroy sofa, half turned towards each other. 

Norma was dressed in a mini skirt, and blouse, unbuttoned to show her cleavage.

I explained that I was a student teacher at college, and working in the vacation.

I said that I'd not had a lot of experience with women, and had no girlfriend. I added bits and pieces about family and stuff, and sipped my beer.

All the while she studied my face, and at times my body. I found out straight away that she was an artist, quite a well known one apparently. She had been accepted regularly, by the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition. 

She said, "Come and see my studio." 

We got up from the sofa, and I followed her through two rooms, to a garden room/studio.

There were a couple of easels, and around two sides of the room, various canvases, and pencil sketches. The majority were of people. Nudes, portraits, both male, and female.

"They're fantastic," I said, "you're so talented."

"Thank you Jack, you're very kind. I'd love to draw you if you are willing?"

"Of course, I'd be flattered, but I'm not sure if I could be still enough for very long."

Norma smiled that mischievous smile. "We could do it in short spells, with breaks in between. But I haven't told you much about me."

I told her that she should only tell me what she wanted to, and that I wasn't a 'nosey' person.

"Let's go back to the lounge."

So I followed her, looking at her ass, and legs as I went.

I sat back down, and this time she sat right next to me, with our thighs touching. She began by telling me about her marriage. 

She had not been able to have children, and so both her, and her husband Alan, had thrown themselves into their respective careers. Alan was a civil engineer, so he travelled the world, and tended to be away from home for months at a time. She added that each of them was aware that the other might not be 'faithful.'

I didn't say much in reply, but just nodded to show I understood. 

"So when I've seen you mowing outside I must say that I was attracted to the way you moved. That was the first thing. Then I decided to tease you. I know that was unfair, but it excited me."

Norma moved closer and whispered, "Just as you excite me now. I want to make love to you now, and I want you to let me show you how exciting I can be."

I felt really, really at a loss as to what to say. But I didn't need to say anything, because Norma kissed me slowly. She had such full lips, and as they parted, her tongue flicked out, my mouth opened to reciprocate, and accept the passion of the moment. 

My hand went to her breast, and I fumbled, trying to unbutton her blouse. 

"Don't worry," said Norma softly, "Just watch."

Slowly, she stood in front of me, and looking into my eyes, she started to undress. It wasn't like a striptease to music, but it was seductive, deliberate, and suggestive. 

The blouse was unbuttoned, and cast aside. The bra unclasped behind her back, and slowly falling from the shoulders. Swaying her hips, she took both nipples between thumb and forefinger, and squeezed, until they became erect. And then sliding down her mini skirt and panties all in one motion, she stood in front of me with legs astride, totally naked.

"Now it's your turn, young man, my turn to watch."

Norma spread herself on the sofa, her blonde hair flowing across the cushions, and legs akimbo. 

I stood up nervously, and removed my shirt without too much delay. Looking down at Norma, she was smiling, and actually had one hand pushing down towards her pussy, and two fingers sliding between her pussy lips. 

I unzipped my trousers, and stepped out of them, leaving me just in my Y-fronts.

Norma's fingers glistened with her juices, as they dropped to the floor. 

My cock grew visibly, and as Norma watched, it became fully erect. 

"Jack, I want you to eat my pussy."

I went down on my knees beside the sofa, and Norma twisted slightly to expose her pussy to my mouth. I thrust my tongue into the silky folds of pink flesh. Hearing her gasp I worked my tongue both in and out, and back and forth. Stopping to suck her clit I could hear her giving little whimpers, and I heard her say, "Don't stop, Jack."

Redoubling my efforts I felt her lift up, pressing her pussy against my mouth. I could feel her cumming, and I was surprised how quiet she was as her orgasm overtook her. 

I felt her hands on my shoulders, and gently she directed me to take her place on the sofa. I lay back, and she straddled my hips, and sank down on my cock. She was so wet from her orgasm that I was totally enveloped. She started to ride me, tilting her upper body forward so that her breasts brushed my face and her nipples passing over my mouth and lips. I was able to suck them as she concentrated on squeezing my cock in her pussy.

She was an expert at that. I felt myself cumming and warned her. 

"Norma I'm going to cum."

"Yes Jack, do it, cum in me, please."

I let it all go, my cock erupted, pumping her full of my spunk. I must have jerked half a dozen times, and each ejaculation pumped more inside her.

The evening was sexually complete, but I wanted more. However, Norma didn't want to make too much of this first meeting.

I left, but before leaving, Norma had asked me to 'sit' for her the following weekend so that she could sketch me.

Saturday came, and as arranged I arrived at Norma's at 9am, and she greeted me at the door dressed in a T-shirt, and some loose fitting flannel trousers. We kissed briefly, and in a business like way, she offered me coffee, and showed me into her studio.

She explained that I would have to sit on a stool for about fifteen minutes at a time, being perfectly still, with 'rests' in between. 

I was vaguely amused by all this, but it was obvious that this was serious, professional stuff to Norma. 

"Right, strip off Jack. It's best to get a lot of this done in the coolest part of the day. It gets quite hot in here later," said Norma.

I duly obeyed, and it felt quite odd being naked in front of the woman I had had sex with several times that week.

As I sat on the stool, Norma instructed me as to the pose, having to push and pull my arms, legs and head into various positions.

Whether it was her touching me, or her perfume, or the latent memory of us making love, but I felt myself growing hard. 

Norma was walking back to her stool, and sketch pad, and it was then that she noticed.

"Jack!" she shouted, and the echo went round the studio. "For gods sake, do something, I can't sketch that thing in my work."

"I'm sorry Norma, I can't help it sometimes, and it's looking at you that does it," I replied sheepishly.

"Think of something else, like going to the dentist or something," she said quite angrily.

"Ok, I'll try." But try as I might, it seemed to get bigger.

Norma got up, and walked out of the studio, and was gone for five minutes. 

When she returned I was still erect.

"For fucks sake Jack, I can't sketch with you like this."

And with three strides she came over to me, and sinking to her knees, took my cock in one hand, and lowering her head down, she started to suck it, and rub it at the same time.

"Jesus Norma, there's no need..." My words faded away as she frantically worked away at my cock.

"Norma...god...oh please...oh god...ohhhhhhhh" and I started to cum. She didn't remove her mouth, and a few minutes later I started to cum. As I groaned out loud she just simply swallowed everything.

As she stood up all she said was, "I hope that solves the problem," and promptly walked back to her stool.

"Now let's get on"

I was shaking slightly, but I remained quiet, and resumed my pose. This was one extraordinary woman.

The rest of the morning passed without a lot of conversation, sketching, and relaxing for short periods, and a couple of coffees. My lower body managing to control itself.

Eventually Norma suggested we break for lunch, and immediately she became a different personality. She said that she was very happy with the mornings work, although she would not let me see any of the sketches. 

I put my shorts back on while we had some cheese and biscuits, and I remember some luscious grapes too.

After lunch we reconvened in the studio, but this time the poses were me on a couch. Again I managed to control myself, and for about two hours Norma became the professional again.

At about 4pm Norma said we should finish. She said to take a shower in her en suite bathroom, which gave me an opportunity to see her bedroom.

It was fairly untidy, with items of clothing and lingerie scattered about the room. It smelt divine with those perfumes that are a cocktail of a woman's boudoir.

I had my shower and came out into the bedroom with a towel around my waist. I was being nosey just wandering around the bedroom, and the surprise I got was on her bedside table. It was something new to me, although I had read about them, it was a long, fairly thin, vibrator.

I picked it up, and actually smelt it, which was a bit pervy i guess. 

As I felt it in my hand, I realised that Norma was standing behind me. 

"I'm so sorry, I shouldn't be in here, it's private, I'm so sorry," I stammered, placing the vibrator back on the bedside table.

"Don't be silly, Jack, it's absolutely fine." Norma chuckled as she tried to reassure me.

"Ill tell you what. You've obviously not seen one of these things before. I'll give you a demonstration."

I really didn't know what to say. This woman kept surprising me, and here I was about to be shown something that most women wouldn't admit to in those days, let alone give a demonstration.
