 Author's Note: 

Thanks for stopping by! Vacation Pains is a story about Lauren and Will, who meet while on a vacation in Mexico. This story is a bit longer and spends some time getting to know the characters before they get together.

Under the broad definition of Erotic Couplings, you can expect the following to be included:

Consensual sex, a burgeoning size queen, oral sex, intercourse, anilingus/ass eating, condom usage, shower sex, and gratuitous descriptions of sitting on a beach in Mexico.

Special thanks to Simone Lisbon for editing.

**

"Yes, I understand this is room 32, but aren't 32 and 34 in the same villa?"

"No, senora, 34 is over there." The bellhop pointed at a villa a bit down the path.

"Maybe we should go back to the front desk," my mother mused. "I'm sure we could switch with someone."

"No," I interrupted. "Mom. I'm 26. Believe it or not, I could be on vacation all on my own if I wanted to. I'll survive with my room being in a different building. You can still see it from your room." 

"She's got a point, Jackie." Dad hoisted himself off the cart and began unloading my bags. The bellhop scrambled to help him.

"Oh, alright." Mom pouted as I hopped out of the cart as well. 

"Ralph? Jackie? Is that you?" 

We turned to see an older couple bee-lining towards us on the path. 

"Fred! Angela!" Mom was out of the cart in an instant, rushing towards the other couple. She embraced the woman in a hug as they both shrieked. "Oh, it's been years! I'm so happy to see you."

"Good to see you, good to see you." Dad shook hands with the man, then clapped me on the shoulder. "Fred, Angela, my daughter Lauren came with us."

Angela turned to me, over-exaggerating the wideness of her eyes. "This is Lauren? It can't be. Last time I saw Lauren, she was only maybe ten, twelve years old. If this is Lauren, I must be getting old!" She clutched her chest dramatically as my mom hooted with laughter.

"Nice to see you." I said politely, though I had no real memory of meeting Angela or Fred before. 

She hugged me anyways. "Well, you're not the only one to tag along on our little reunion vacation." She turned to my mom. "John and Patty's son came along as well, but the poor thing was supposed to bring his girlfriend along. Turns out she broke up with him last month."

"Oh, I heard," Mom said. "That's too bad. Patty really liked her, I thought."

"Yep, she sure did." Angela turned back to me. "I met Will earlier, though, and let me say honey, if you're single too..."

"Single and ready to be a good, proper lady who will wait till marriage to jump into the sack with some man," my dad interrupted. 

I rolled my eyes as they laughed. "I'm going to unpack." The bellhop was waiting patiently in the small outdoor foyer, standing by one of the four doors on the ground level. I apologized and tipped extra for the wait. 

"Gracias, senorita, and no sorry needed." He grinned and left me in the room.

I reveled in the sudden quiet of the room. It was cool, a respite from the thick air that had surrounded us as soon as we stepped off the plane in Cancun. A bottle of wine and a glass sat on the coffee table, there was a cute swan towel sitting on the bed, and a set of patio doors overlooked a green, tree-filled area.

My parents and their high school friends had decided to have a mini-reunion in Mexico. After adding all their spouses, there ended up being 14 people. I had decided to go along as well, since the more people who used their group booking, the cheaper the trip would be. As a social worker, I didn't make a ton of money, and I was in desperate need of a break. It sounded like at least one other person had taken advantage of it, as well. I chuckled at Angela's comment and my dad's reaction. He was entitled to think what he wanted, I suppose, but the "waiting until marriage" ship had sailed in high school. 

I tucked my clothing into the drawers and withdrew the stack of books and magazines I'd packed. My vacation plans were simple: sit on the beach, read, sleep. All I wanted was some time to get my mind off the everyday stresses I had back home. I'd been looking forward to it for months. 

After a quick shower to freshen up and changing into a gauzy blue sundress, I left to meet my parents for dinner. We seemed to have been the last people to arrive, and it was already dark as we walked to the buffet. I took in the resort as we made our way there. It wasn't very large, but was well-maintained, and far enough from Cancun that the atmosphere was much less party-oriented. The rooms were all in villas scattered along the resort, and mine was one of the closest to the beach. 

My parents' friends had a separate section of the restaurant cordoned off. There was a ton of commotion as everyone greeted each other. Names were rattled off at me while I tried to keep up. I'm not the best with names in the first place, but was hopeful I'd remember most of them.

"Oh, and this is my son, Will," said Patty. She motioned to the man sitting beside me, the only one who was remotely close to my age.

"Hi, I'm Lauren." I shook his hand as he grinned.

Will was a couple of years older than me, maybe in his early thirties. Even seated, I could tell he was a big man. His broad shoulders dwarfed the chair he sat on. He wore a plaid shirt, the top buttons undone and the sleeves rolled up revealing heavily tattooed forearms. Beneath the trimmed beard on his face was a friendly smile to detract from how intimidating he appeared. 

While most of the table was busy catching up, I went to the buffet and helped myself to dinner. The trays of food looked delicious, and my mouth was watering as I filled my plate. After a long day of travelling, mediocre airline snacks, and a small bag of chips from the mini-bar in my room, I was famished. 

The conversation was in full swing when I returned and took my seat between Will and my mom. Well, tried to. Will was having a loud, animated conversation with someone I thought was named Gary across the table. I tried to catch his attention so he would stop swinging his arm while he talked. He didn't seem to notice, so finally I tried to slide into my seat in between the punctuations his arm was making.

"Excuse me!" I exclaimed as he knocked into me, nearly tipping my plate of food onto the table.

"Sorry!" He twisted in his chair and scooted it sideways. "My bad. Did anything spill?"

I shook my head and pulled myself closer to the table. "It's fine, thanks."

Will continued his conversation as I took my first bite of dinner. "So, she sends back the plate for the third time, and at this point I'm just baffled. I go out there and introduce myself, say 'Hi ma'am, I'm the head chef here. I'm sorry we're having some trouble with this order so I just wanted to make sure I'm getting it right this time.' And she's just a raging bitch, and goes 'what kind of chef are you that you can't make a steak well-done?' Which I mean, I'm biting my tongue already because she's wasted three pieces of steak making me cook it the worst possible way you can cook a steak."

"Ain't that the truth," said maybe-Gary. "Who does that to a poor, innocent steak!" 

"Right? So I say, 'well when you say well-done, what do you mean? What does the inside of your steak look like?'" Will's voice got very serious, and he leaned forward on the table, staring straight at maybe-Gary. "And she looks me dead in the eye, and she goes 'Well-done means the inside is a little bit pink! I can't believe you're a chef and don't know the origin of this! It's the best way to cook a steak so you can tell the chef WELL DONE!'" 

Maybe-Gary collapsed back in his chair, holding his sides. "Oh shit," he gasped. "She wanted it medium!" 

Will roared along with him. His laugh was loud, cutting through the general noise of the restaurant. "Right. Lauren knows what I mean, right?" He nudged me, causing some rice to spill off my fork and onto my lap.

I gritted my teeth, wiping it off. "No, sorry, I don't."

"Oh come on, you don't know what medium steak is?"

"I do," I replied, trying not to sound annoyed. "I don't like steak, though."

Will gasped dramatically, a hand flopping to his forehead. "Don't like steak! Are you sure? Maybe I need to cook you a steak, I make the best steak around."

"I don't like it," I repeated. "I don't eat meat."

"Aw now, you're not one of those vegans, are you?" maybe-Gary groaned.

"No." My voice was testy as I tried to eat while talking. "I'm vegetarian. I just don't like meat that much."

"She'll eat fish, sometimes," Mom cut into the conversation. 

"Oh no, am I going to get a lecture about eating meat?" Will teased.

This man was annoying me more and more by the second. I didn't respond, just hastened my pace as I tried to finish the food on my plate. 

"Well, it's not really vegetarian if you eat fish." Maybe-Gary looked at me as though he'd caught me in a trap. 

"It's not a big conspiracy." I chewed the last bite of food on my plate and swallowed. "I don't like meat, it's cheaper not eating meat, if I feel like it, sometimes I'll have fish, but only once in awhile."

"Here we go." Will nudged me again, his eyes twinkling. "I'm okay with it, just don't try to convert me, okay?"

"I'm not going to throw red paint at you and call it blood." I stood up. "Excuse me, I'm tired from traveling all day. I'm going to head back to my room." 

A few people tried to urge me to stay, including Will, but I excused myself as politely as possible and left the buffet. I walked through the resort slowly, trying to enjoy my surroundings, and decided to head towards the beach. I passed by my villa, then through the pool area, and onto the sand.

The beach itself was deserted. The night was still warm, and the wind caught my sundress and twirled the gauzy fabric around my legs. I wandered towards the water, my feet sinking into the sand as I inhaled the salty air around me. I didn't stay long - it was dark, and a bit unnerving to be there alone - but it was enough to calm me and make me look forward to the next day.

I was just unlocking my door when I heard Will's loud, booming voice behind me in the tiny foyer. "Did you get lost on your way back?" 

"Yep," I replied tersely. "Did you follow me or are we just lucky enough to be neighbours?"

"Looks like we're neighbours!" He grinned, unlocking the door to the right of mine. I had assumed he was tall when we were in the restaurant, but hadn't seen him stand up. I was right - he towered over my small stature. "Sure you don't want to come back? There's a show on tonight in the lobby."

"I'm good, thanks." I swung the door open and closed it before Will could respond. 

The bottle of wine was still sitting there. I poured myself a glass and wandered onto my patio to enjoy the warm evening air. It may have been an annoying dinner, but I wasn't going to let that sour the rest of my vacation. Travel days were always hard, I told myself. Tomorrow would be better.

**

I managed to wake up early enough to eat breakfast without anyone around to lecture me about not eating meat. My luck held out and I found a lounger on the beach next to a palapa. It was the perfect day: hot, but the breeze coming off the ocean kept it manageable, and there didn't appear to be a single cloud in the sky. I took off the flowing pink sundress I was using as a cover up and closed my eyes, listening to the ocean as I breathed in the salty air.

After awhile, I peeled myself out of the chair and took off my sunglasses and floppy sun hat. My hair tumbled out behind me, brushing against the bare skin on my back. I knew my curls were frizzy from the humidity, but it didn't really matter. I shook them out as I got up and walked into the ocean. 

The water was warm and inviting, and I dove under almost immediately. Coming up, I blinked the water out of my eyes and leaned back, floating against the waves as I looked back towards the beach. The rest of the loungers were starting to fill up as people finished their breakfasts. I watched idly as they searched for the perfect spot, settling into chairs and ordering drinks from the waiters already combing the beach. 

I saw my parents walking along the sand, my mom holding a large beach bag and my dad with a cocktail glass already in his hand. From my spot floating in the water, I waved. I flipped around and dove under the water again as I started making my way back to the beach, rising up once the water was shallow enough that I was brushing against the sand. 

"Morning, dear," Mom said. "How long have you been out here? I didn't see you at breakfast."

"I woke up early." I wrung the water out of my hair as we talked and walked towards the lounger I'd claimed.

"We were going to camp out by the pool with everyone else today, but if you want we can come join you on the beach."

"No, go with your friends." I picked up my towel and dried off, though it was really just my hair as the warm breeze had already dried most of my skin. "Really, Mom. This is your trip, I'm okay on my own. I just want to sit on the beach." 

"She'll be fine, Jackie." Dad wrapped an arm around her shoulders, tipping his glass to me. "You know where to find us if you need company."

"Right, next to the bar," I teased as they wandered back to the pool. 

I settled back on my lounger, opening the first book I'd chosen. Just as I started to get engrossed in the plot, a large shadow fell across me. I glanced up to see Will's towering form blocking the sun. 

"Morning!" he greeted, dragging a nearby lounger next to me and sitting down.

"Hey," I responded, trying not to sound aggravated. 

"So, everyone else is up at the pool, we were thinking of doing some water polo later. Or just chilling and chatting. Think you might want to join in?"

"Not really." I flipped a page in my book absentmindedly. "I really just want to sit on the beach and read."

"Really? I know it's our parents' trip and everything, but they're still a pretty fun group to party with." 

"Really. I'm not big on partying."

"Aw, come on. Not even a little?"

"A little. But not right now."

He grinned. "Later. I'm counting on you for water polo."

"Maybe." I hoped the non-committal answer would make him leave. "We'll see how the day goes."

It did the trick, and Will got up to head back to the pool. "I'm counting on you!" he repeated, walking backwards and pointing at me before turning and jogging away. 

I pursed my lips. Will was obnoxious. He didn't seem to take a hint that I wasn't there to party with my parents, but I had to admit that he was a sight to behold on the beach. The tattoos I'd spotted the previous night ran all the way up his arms, and scattered art was collected on his back, chest, and even his stomach. He looked more like a biker than a chef. I couldn't help but appreciate the view as he left, his swimming trunks hanging low on his hips. 

Shaking my head, I went back to my book. Good looking or not, he was an annoyance. 

The non-committal "maybe" worked for most of the day. I'd read almost half of my book, the only interruptions being frequent trips into the ocean to cool off. I ate some tacos from the grill set up on the beach and was just thanking one of the waiters for bringing another margarita when the loud tones of Will's voice returned. I tried not to grumble out loud and hunched back in the lounger, hoping the group he was leading would pass by.

No such luck. "Lauren, we're going to play beach volleyball!" called Will. "Come play, we have an odd number."

"No thanks," I called back. "Don't feel like it."

"Ahh, come on!" Gary was there too, as were most of the other men from the group. "You'll be helpful, even if you are a short thing!"

I shook my head, bringing the book closer to my face.

The "beach volleyball court" was an expanse of sand just to the left of me. After a few more pleading requests to come play, the men left me alone, and I was able to get back into my book. I tuned out the loud conversations and trash-talking for a decent amount of time.

"Lauren!" The urgent shout of my name distracted me. I glanced up just in time to have the volleyball crash into my lounger, knocking the book from my hands and tipping the margarita beside me into my lap. I swore in shock at the sudden slushy coldness spilling on my bare legs and bikini bottoms.

"Shit, I'm so sorry!" Will bounded over as the other men doubled over in hysterics. "Are you okay, anything hurt?"

"I'm fine." My voice was audibly aggravated as I tried to push the slushy mess off my legs and crotch. Will stooped down to pick up my book, brushing sand from the pages and trying to flatten out a crease that had appeared.

"Let me grab you another drink."

"I am fine, Will, thank you." My teeth were gritted. "I'm going to wash off in the ocean." 

I got out of my chair and snatched my book from Will's hands as he apologized again. Without responding, I tossed the book onto my beach bag and stomped towards the water. Inhaling deeply, I held my breath and dove underwater, staying under for as long as I could. 

I'm not a confrontational person. Without spelling it out to him, I was stumped on how to get Will to leave me alone. As I came up for a breath, I considered it, glancing towards the beach. I couldn't see Will, but the rest of the men were back to their volleyball game. 

It would cause drama, that was for sure. I knew Angela would gossip about it as soon as it happened. I frowned, frustrated. I didn't want to cause issues on the trip. Swimming back to the shore, I thought of going to Will's room that night and having a quiet conversation with him. Maybe that would be my best bet, all things considered.

When I got back to my chair, another margarita was sitting on the side table, along with some napkins. The slushy drink had been cleaned up off the chair and sand around me. 

I glanced up at the volleyball game. Will looked over. He made an apologetic grimace and mouthed "sorry" at me from his spot on the court. 

Some of my aggravation towards Will melted away, though I stubbornly tried to hold onto it. I shot him a quick smile and sat back down, resolving to continue enjoying the rest of the day on the beach.

**

Dinner that night brought a blessing in disguise.

"Come on," urged Mom. "It'll be fun! There's a tequila factory and we'll be going snorkeling..."

"Jackie's right," said Dad. "I think you'd enjoy it."

"No," I said again. "Really, I just want to stay at the beach."

The entire table was insistent. Everyone was planning on going on a tour the next day - everyone except me. When I found out that Will was planning on going too, I was even more committed to staying at the resort.

I finally wore everyone down, and the next day, I woke up after I knew they'd all left on their excursion. I took my time getting breakfast and sauntering down to the beach, finding a lounger at the far end. Even when they came back, I thought it'd be unlikely anyone would walk this far down to find me. 

The day was pure bliss. Much like the previous day, I read, swam, and drank margaritas. Unlike the previous day, no one hit me with a volleyball, and the creeping feeling of annoyance at the first sound of Will's voice hadn't appeared at all. 

That is, until the middle of the afternoon. 

"Hey, stranger." I winced behind my sunglasses and turned. Will was walking along the shore nearby. He looked as deliciously attractive as he was tiresome, wearing a casual white button-down rolled up to the elbows, the front undone and revealing his many tattoos. 

"Hi, Will." I tried to look on the bright side. I'd gotten most of the day to myself.

"How's the beach been?" He pulled a lounger up and sat down next to me. Will's voice and energy seemed quieter than usual.
