 It was dark and hot, the old house was stuffy with all the windows closed. After driving all day, sitting in traffic for hours, they'd arrived in the dark and found the electricity was still disconnected. Jacob ranted and swore, stomping around the house like a child in a temper tantrum. Still, in the end, he had to admit defeat. The lights weren't coming on tonight.

Women were infinitely more practical. April carried her own duffel bag into the rental house and set it inside the bedroom door. Or what she assumed was the bedroom in the dim moonlight. Since she was hot and sticky, she headed next to the kitchen and felt around in the cabinets until she found a glass. After a quick inspection in moonlight (who knew what might be in it), she filled the glass with cold water and soothed her dry throat.

She turned, saw Jacob leaning on the door frame, gently lit by moonlight, his day's growth of beard a shadow along his jaw. His dark hair was hand-tousled, his expression a crooked grin. April smiled. God, he was sexy.

"Sorry, sweetheart," he sighed, shrugged a little. Her once dry mouth watered as he curled his fists in the hem of his shirt, raising it enough that she could see the waist of his jeans where they hung low on his hips. It was a familiar gesture that never failed to arouse her. She could slide her hands under the denim...

"No biggie," she answered, slowly setting down the glass and crossing the room to him. She slid her hands around his waist, under his shirt, loving the warm strength of his back. April tilted her head as he lowered his, accepting and deepening the kiss he pressed to her mouth.

The taste of him was dark and sexual, stirring her as much as the teasing of his tongue against hers. Now, she thought, I want you now. Her hands slid under the denim at the small of his back, stroking the warm skin that curved to his ass. He was so tight, so warm, she made a soft sound of need. Her hips pressed forward as she leaned into his mouth, as he cupped her face with his hands and kissed her again. She felt the hardness of him, the bulge pressed to her belly, felt him jerk as her nails dug into to his ass.

"April...," he groaned, still cupping her face, eyes searching in the darkness. She pulled back, scraping her nails around his waist as she dropped to her knees before him. "Baby..." his groan came again as she tugged the buttons open, found him naked underneath and already half-erect.

One hand tugged the denim as she slid the other underneath, sliding fingers over the hot, smooth flesh of him, stroking down to his base, cupping his balls in her palm. Jacob groaned again, wordless this time, as she gently squeezed his balls, feeling them swell in her hand. Pulling her hand back, she dragged his jeans down to his knees, exposing everything in the moonlight. She loved his body. Her hands stroked his thighs as she leaned in to press a hot kiss to his belly. She trailed her tongue along his skin, to his hip, tasting the salt of him, smelling sweat and the flowery soap in her shower. He'd rolled his eyes when she'd bought it and blushed when she told him it made his cock smoother. Her man, she thought, biting his hip gently, feeling his cock jerk against her shoulder.

He was big, red, hot...Eagerly she stroked her hands up and down his shaft, feeling him swell and harden, loving the rasp of his breath as she aroused him. She loved the feel of him, the taste of him. Sliding one hand to his balls, she stroked them while the other hand firmly pumped his penis. Once...twice...he was almost fully erect, his hands fisting at his side, his hips jerking. Her hand was filled with the live pulsing rod of him and she felt wetness on her thighs as her own needs blossomed.

"Please..." His voice was a hoarse growl that made her shiver. She looked up at him, saw the dark hunger in his eyes, the way his jaw clenched with need, and just smiled.

April wrapped her hand around his base and leaned her head to slide her tongue around his head. The taste was different here, still Jacob, but stronger, deeper, more of his essence. She hummed in pleasure as she swirled her tongue around and around, savoring. The low groan grew as she pressed an open-lipped kiss to his tip, sucking his slit lightly. Her tongue slipped out and teased his slit, sliding up and down, catching the small droplets oozing from his head. 

His cock strained in her hand and she tilted her head to watch his face as she pushed her lips down over his head. Jacob groaned, his eyes locked on her, as she swallowed more of his length, slowly sliding him into her throat. When he was buried to the hilt, his head fell back and he groaned again, this time from deep in his gut, hoarse and desperate. April let him slide out as she smiled.

Down to his base. Again. And again. She ate him whole, scraping lightly with her teeth. His cock stood at full mast, thick and heavy, his body tense and rigid. April smiled to herself as held just his head in her mouth, sucking, rubbing her teeth just under the bulging tip, until his hand caught her hair. He remembered to gentle his touch and she smiled again before sucking him in again. A few more thrusts and she drew back, letting him pop free of her lips.

He started to reach for her, but she caught his bobbing cock in one hand, sliding it up, holding his cock to his quivering belly as she lowered her head more and sucked at his balls. She felt his groan throughout his body and sucked harder, his balls tightening, his cock jerking in her grip.

He was dying. Jacob couldn't believe the heat in his groin, the ache in his cock. He couldn't believe April was going down on him. Especially after he'd fucked up the vacation by not getting the power on. Oh, man, she could suck...hold it in, boy...He clenched his eyes, let his head fall back, and moaned at the feel of her mouth.

April sucked in, then popped his balls from her mouth, loving the way his breath caught each time. She stroked a thumb at the base of his shaft, pressing the throbbing vein to still his eruption as she continued to torment him. There was so much more she wanted to do...

He wanted desperately to push her away. He wanted just as desperately to cum. Jacob felt his body shake as she held him at the edge. As she wrapped her mouth around his head, his shaft, as his cock again sank into her wet, hot mouth...

He tasted so...manly. She sucked eagerly as she slid his erection in and out of her mouth. His precum was coming faster now, the taste of him in her mouth, in her throat, filling her senses. Each time she took him deeper, swallowing more of his length. Fully erect, his head stretched her throat. He was thicker now, thick enough to fill her mouth and she scraped her teeth along his hard shaft as she pulled back, taunting him.

He couldn't hold back...Jacob's hands slid into her hair, cupping her head, as his hips began to thrust. She released control, letting him fuck her mouth with smooth strokes, enjoying the taste of his arousal, the sound of his pleasure.

God, it was so incredible...he was so close...his cock was being enveloped by warm wetness, sucking at him, stimulating even as it soothed...Jacob grunted, pulled away, stumbled back against the doorjamb. "Damn it, April..." He'd almost cum in her mouth, almost wasted this opportunity.

Pulling her to her feet, he groaned. He was so ready. She...His hands slid her sundress up and found her hips bare, her pussy naked and wet. He groaned again, realizing she'd been like this all day. She'd sat next to him in the car, all wet and naked. The sundress was tugged away and he pulled her naked body to his, rubbing skin against skin as he struggled out of his own tee and jeans. Then he scooped her up, stumbled into the dark living area and tumbled them both onto the sofa.

"I want you inside me," April moaned as Jacob stroked his hands over her body. She shuddered as he cupped her, as his long fingers caressed her swollen folds.

"I can't believe you shaved here," he groaned, pushing her legs apart as he slid off the side of the couch. He draped her legs over his shoulders as he pressed hot, open-mouthed kisses up her inner thigh. She moaned again as he parted her with his thumbs and stroked his tongue the length of her wet slit. Her hips rocked against him as he laved and nibbled and savored every inch of her sensitive flesh, his tongue swirling around, dipping inside.

"Please, please...Jake!" April cried out, bucking as he closed his mouth over her and took a deep drag, the sucking made her core pulse and throb. Another suck and she was shuddering wetly into his mouth. "Fuck me, baby," she moaned, "I need you to fuck me..." 

Jacob was more than ready to. "Damn...condom..." He fumbled, pushed away, looking around for his pants.

"Now," April panted, clutching at him, "Damn it, Jake, fuck me now!" Unable to stop himself, he grasped her hips, planted his head at her opening and thrust, burying himself to the hilt with one hard stroke. April arched with a cry, her body fisting around him, tight and hot.

"Yes!" he groaned, pulling out and plunging all the way in again. Wet slurp after wet slurp, thrust after thrust, Jacob buried his penis inside her again and again. April pressed her hips up to meet him, her nails digging into his arms where she clutched at him. The couch creaked and groaned as they rocked together, the bulk shifting a little with the force of Jacob's thrusts.

They'd never had sex like this, April gasped, the friction so hot, the sensations enough to make her scream. She bit her lip, trying to hold in her cries, even as she tilted her hips to take more of him. He was so big tonight and rock-hard and she could feel each stroke all the way through her body, like he was impaling her. Each thrust built a pressure inside her until she thought she would burst. She rocked her thighs against his, urging him on. 

God, she was so fucking tight tonight, Jacob groaned silently. Each thrust was like fucking a virgin, except it was hot, wet April wrapped around him. Her body squeezed his throbbing cock hard so he had to push to get inside. And she was hotter than an oven. Every time he was buried to the balls, he wanted to groan at the intense heat that surrounded him, leaching into him, making him swell even more. He'd known the vacation house was a great idea. She was obviously even sexier here. Jacob grabbed her ass and plunged deep. 

The dark room filled with the grunts and groans of aroused male, the higher pants of a female in heat, the scents of animal sex. The already sultry night grew hotter, wetter, as they mated, their naked bodies slick with sweat. Jacob pounded his cock into her body, his balls slapping her thighs, everything hard, hot, focused on the piston motion in and out. April took every stroke, the inward surge an intimate caress, the outward slurp a teaser. More, she wanted more, she begged him with breathless moans. 

Jacob's hands tilted her ass, lifting as he plunged, and he hit the core just right...April screamed as she arched up in pleasure. A second time and she bucked, clenching around him. He grunted as he humped himself against her, unable to free his thickened penis from her tight embrace. His hips bumped hers as his cock twisted inside and she dug her nails into his shoulders as she arched, pressing her hips down, grinding him against that spot....

Her body gave way and he slid free on a gush of her pleasure. She shuddered around him as he thrust again, into the soft wet heat of her, into the rippling embrace. And again, as he curved his back, lifted his hips, tightened his ass and let her inner muscles milk his straining cock. "Ahh....." his groan rose as his balls drew up, as the bubble of climax swelled, shooting up, up...

Jacob roared as his cock pulsed and hot semen erupted from his penis. Again and again, the rush of wet heat. He ejaculated wildly, his body shaking as he clutched April's hips and ass, pumping his seed into her core. And, in that blinding moment, the lights came on...