 I was returning from a good friend's wedding. He and his fiancée had made off like bandits in the stock market and decided to get married in Paris. Although I absolutely hate the inconvenience of flying, who was I to turn down an all-expense paid trip to Europe when I was asked to be a groomsman? I had graduated from college a few months prior and had plenty of time to kill.

The only downside was that I now had this un-godly long flight back.

Alone.

My consolation came in the fact that the stewardesses (Ok, ok, 'Flight Attendants') in my section were very hot and very friendly. Marilia was Brazilian and drop dead gorgeous. She had dark, dark brown hair, gorgeous eyes, light brown skin, and simply an awesome body (from what I could see from her uniform). She was a few years older than me and the friendliest girl you could ever meet. She had a very sexy accent, too.

Sandy was pretty much the American-bred version of Marilia. Normally I'm not too much for blondes (I'm a sucker for a redhead, though!), but sandy was just plain hot. No two ways about it.

The first leg of the flight wasn't very full, and those two were just as bored as I was. I took full advantage of the 'call' button for individual items, grinning cheesily as one of them came back. We chatted and flirted and got to know each other pretty well.

The plane made a stop on the east coast and the next leg was fairly full, so I didn't get to see much of the ladies. Next I changed planes in Kansas City and bid them farewell. I was going to miss those gorgeous gals, although I knew they would frequent my thoughts and imagination...

I had a short flight to Texas where I would spend the night before continuing on the last leg home in the morning. After a short delay, I boarded and made my way back to my seat and had the surprise of my life. There, in the seat next to mine, was my Brazilian beauty!

Rather than her uniform, Marilia was now dressed in a pair of jeans and a fairly tight fitting shirt that showed a healthy amount of cleavage. She smiled and waved happily when she saw me, then asked if I was going to be sitting next to her. I nodded and her smile got even wider. I, however, was thoroughly confused. Delighted, but still confused.

"What are you doing on this flight?" I asked.

"That last one was the end of my shift. I'm going to my home in Texas for some vacation," she replied. (Somewhere in my jet-lag I had forgotten this.) She smiled again, "I never imagined I would have a cutie like you sharing the flight."

I grinned back at her. "I feel the same way>"

Although we were both a bit tired and jet lagged, we decided to wait until we landed to sleep, where it would be nightfall anyway. We spent the flight chatting some more.

"I usually don't like those fairly empty flights," she told me. "Guys usually use the time to grope me, hit on me, and try to get me to join the 'Mile High Club'. She smiled at me (I loved her smile). "You didn't, though. You were a gentleman. Me and Sandy really liked that."

I shrugged. "I try."

"So... do you have a place to stay yet?"

"No," I replied. "I was waiting until I got there. Any suggestions or places to avoid?"

"Well..." she started. "I get a pretty nice room courtesy of the airline... if you don't mind sharing a room with an old hag, I wouldn't mind the company." She finished with another smile.

I remembered the 'gentleman' comment. "As long as you aren't afraid of people getting the wrong idea about a gorgeous gal like you and a guy like me, I sure won't turn down the offer."

She laughed. "Any one who is important enough to matter knows how picky I am about guys I will spend any time around and what I won't put up with. I'm just trying to spend a bit more time with a cute gentleman."

"It's a deal," I told her.

***

We finally got out of the airport and arrived at the hotel. As we were checking in, we heard a familiar voice tease, "Oh, you naughty little horndogs! I should have known when I saw you two laughing on that last flight."

I looked and saw Sandy grinning at us. "Vacation as well?" I asked, and she nodded. I had seen her on the plane, but forgot about it when I saw Marilia.

"You're just jealous," Marilia told her. "I get to spend the night with this hot guy and you will be all alone."

We chatted some more and went to our rooms, Sandy next door to us. 

"Be sure not to wear him out... I might want some of him," Sandy said with a grin. Marilia stuck her tongue out playfully at her.

The room was pretty high class, and much, much nicer than I had ever spent money on. It had a queen-sized canopy bed, mini bar, plasma TV, and an actual closet. Quite a good sized room, too.

"Not bad... not bad at all," I remarked.

"It's a nice perk," Marilia replied. "You know, it's been two days since I had a nice, hot shower. It would be a shame to waste the double shower in there."

My eyes must have widened more than I thought. Marilia laughed sweetly. "Slow down, big boy. It's only a shower." I blushed.

"Sorry... gorgeous women don't usually give me that sort of invitation." I hoped she hadn't noticed my cock spring to attention at the thought of her naked.

"It's okay... I'll admit... my motives aren't entirely lady like. I know I wouldn't mind seeing a little more of you." Now it was her turn to blush.

"I sure wouldn't mind seeing more of your lovely self." I couldn't help my eyes quickly following up and down the curves of her body. To my relief, she was giving me a good looking over, too. She smiled and let her hair down from the bun it had been in. I watched it cascade down past her hips. 

It was a glorious sight.

Resisting a sudden urge to run my fingers through its silky smoothness, I instead pulled my shirt over my head. Marilia grinned and leaned against the bathroom door frame, arms folded over her full chest. "Go on," she told me.

As I unzipped my pants and readied to push them down, I said to her, "I hope you don't mind a little un-gentlemanly reaction you are giving me."

Marilia shook her head, still smiling, and motioned for me to continue. I removed my pants and boxers together and saw her eyes and smile widen as she gazed at my erect member. 

She licked her lips. "Even better than I imagined," she said, her eyes never leaving my cock.

"See something you like?"

She blushed. "Sorry... I guess it's my turn now, isn't it?"

She crossed her arms over her belly and slowly removed her shirt, revealing her smooth flat stomach and then full, luscious tits straining against the cups of her black satin bra.

I took the opportunity to admire them while she briefly struggled to get her shirt past her mass of hair. "Should have waited to let that down," she said with a laugh.

She then unzipped her pants and then watched over her shoulder as she slid them down over her firm, tight ass and shapely legs. This woman definitely worked out.

Next she slid her matching thong off, giving me a peek at her sweet pussy lips as she bent over. Then, with her back still towards me, she unclasped her bra and put her hands over her breasts, holding it in place. After turning back to face me, she slowly lowered the cups, letting me see her in all her gorgeous glory. Small, brown, pert nipples finished off firm, unblemished tits, perfectly proportioned. My gaze traveled down, noting the landing strip above her mound. She may or may not have showered in the past two days, but she had definitely recently shaven. (Not that this occurred to me at the time, mind you. I was far too busy noticing other, sensual, details.)

Smiling even more broadly, she turned and walked seductively into the bathroom, her hips swinging gently, my eyes glued to her perfect ass.

The bathroom was the size of my living room back home. Two sinks, huge whirlpool tub, and a shower that took up an entire wall. It did indeed have two fully adjustable showerheads.

We adjusted the temperature on our respective sides, each sneaking lustful glances at the other's back side, then faced each other and began to lather up. I watched as the water and suds flowed smoothly down her skin, from neck, through the valley between her tits, across her stomach, past the joining of her thighs where her pussy lay, and down her smooth, trim legs, then slowly worked my way back up.

When I had finally returned to her deep, brown eyes, she asked me, "Would you like to be ungentlemanly and give a lady a hand?"

I nodded dumbly as she turned and had me soap up her back. I caressed her soft, smooth, warm skin as I went, slowly working my way down. When I reached her ass, I couldn't resist squeezing a cheek in each hand, admiring their firmness. Marilia moaned ever so softly at this, so I reached around and ran my hands down her soap covered thighs and then back up along the outside of the 'V' they formed at the top.

She shifted and put her ass against my rock hard erection, slowly rubbing my shaft along the indention between her cheeks.

My hands went up along her stomach and I began kissing her neck as I held her against me and massaged her nice, round, firm tits. 

As I cupped and caressed them, her breathing deepened and the rhythm of her ass against my cock quickened slightly. I soon realized that she had a hand down between her legs and was playing with herself.

"Do you like this?" I whispered in her ear as I lightly pinched her nipples. She nodded and put her left hand over mine, encouraging my fondling.

I continued, alternating my focus between her breasts and nipples, enjoying the standing semi-lap dance I was receiving from her hips.

I moved one hand down to her ass and squeezed and massaged it, occasionally lightly raking my nails up and down the cheek.

Her moans became more pronounced and she began fingering herself faster. Suddenly she stiffened and gave a short, strangled, "Aaaah!" Her knees buckled slightly as I grabbed her and supported her against me for a moment while she recovered. Slowly I turned her towards me and we shared a long, deep kiss, our tongues intertwined for most of it. 

I then took her nipple in my mouth, sucking on it and teasing it with my tongue. As I alternated between that and gentle nibbling, she resumed her finger play, although slower this time.

"Mmmm..." she said. "Nibble... a little harder... there you go... like that. Right like that. Mmmm... that's good... right there."

After a few moments I stopped and went down to my knees and pulled her hips towards my face so I could taste her sweet juices. As my tongue neared her pussy, I could smell the rich, intoxicating scent of her arousal. She placed a hand on my head and stopped me before I could reach.

"No..." she said. "Not here... Let's go to the bed.... I want to taste you, too."

We got out and toweled each other off, Marilia briefly stroking my cock, admiring it for a moment before smiling and beckoning me to follow.

I lay back on the bed as Marilia straddled my face with her beautiful shaven pussy while leaning down to take my shaft into her mouth. I ran my tongue along her swollen lips and her hips rose briefly at the sensation. After that I slipped it in and began licking her clit with the tip of my tongue, tasting her sweetness as she licked around the head of my cock, teasing it with the promise of pleasure to come. I began licking harder at her clit as I felt her lick my shaft from top to bottom and back again. She then wrapped her lips around just the head, sucking and licking back and forth around the top.

Without warning she plunged her mouth down, sliding my entire length into her mouth and throat. (I was impressed.) She began fucking my cock with her mouth, occasionally licking and teasing again before plunging back down on it.

I started sucking and nibbling on her clit, Marilia's gentle moans feeling amazing on my shaft. As I slid my tongue into her pussy, they really intensified. I tongue fucked her slit until she was close to cumming, then pulled her hips down onto my face and gently bit into her clit as an orgasm exploded through her. I was close to shooting my load as she kept my cock deep in her throat, her moans vibrating along my entire length.

Before I could, however, she suddenly got up and swung around and laid her body on top of mine, panting. "I have never had a man make me feel like that with his mouth," she told me, catching her breath. I could feel her whole body quivering. That was only one time, too! 

"I wasn't doing anything special," I told her.

"It was amazing... I liked it, but now my pussy is ready for something more," she said, a hungry, lust filled look in her eyes. "I wasn't going to do this with you... you have been so wonderful tonight... building me up... I want all of you."

Now that she had apparently recovered enough, she lifted herself up enough to straddle me again, her pussy barely hovering above my cock. As she ran her hand along it to guide me inside her, I ran my hands back onto her hips, feeling the head of my cock slip between her warm, wet lips. I pulled her firmly down onto me, her hot pussy widening as I entered her. 

"Aahhhh!!!" she gasped as her pussy gripped my cock. She began thrusting her hips in a slow rhythm, enjoying the feel of me sliding in and out of her. "Mmmmm...." she said, her eyes closed in pleasure. "It feels sooo... much better than ...I ever imagined it... would." I kept my hands on her ass cheeks, pulling her down onto me each time she slid slowly to the top of my shaft. We kissed as we went, slowly at first, then faster and deeper as the rhythm of our fucking picked up. Soon was pulling her down hard and she slammed her pussy onto my cock. Stout as it was, the bed creaked as Marilia impaled herself on me, over and over again. 

She sat up, smiled down at me as she rode my cock, then closed her eyes as the moans of pleasure began. "Mmmm... I wish... I had found you....mmm.... a... long... time ago.... Mmmmmmm.... your cock... fits.... Mmmmm.... Perfectly inside.... Me... mmmm.... Aaaahhhh..... aaahhhh.... " She was now rocking her hips forward as she came down, forcing my cock as deep as it would go. I had my hands on her tits, squeezing them and pinching her nipples as we went. I could feel her juices flowing over my balls, between and over my legs. I had never met a girl who got this wet!

As we fucked even harder, her moans became louder and more frequent. "Aaahhh... aaaahhhhh.... Aaaahhhhhh.... AAAAaaaahhhhhhhh...... AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" I pinched her nipples and she began to scream, burying her face in my shoulder and biting it as she came, her pussy clamping down on my cock. Her body shook as I felt her pussy contract and loosen, then contract and loosen again. She sat forced against me, unable to move as wave after wave coursed through her.

Finally she unclamped her teeth and kissed me hard. Still panting, she said in between kisses, "Mmmmm... thank you... I'm done... now... I can't do... any more... put me how... you want... fuck me hard.... Finish off... I want to feel... you cum in... me...."

She slowly got slid off of my still unsatisfied cock, and sat on the bed waiting for me. I got up and stood at the end of the bed, rolling her over onto her knees. I looked in the mirror in the headboard and saw her smile as I lifted her hips up and guided my cock between her pussy lips again. I rammed it deep in her, feeling her pussy spread again. Marilia's eyes were closed and her mouth was a wide, silent 'O' as I gave the first few thrusts in and out of her. I pulled my cock completely out of her pussy, watching it close again in front of my head, then ramming it as far in as I could go. My balls slapped against her thighs as she rocked her hips back and forth in time with my thrusts. I fucked her harder with each thrust as we locked eyes in the mirror, Marilia smiling and making a kissing gesture before closing her eyes and biting her lip, a smile still on her face.

As I reared back and slammed each thrust inside her, she soon buried her face in the pillows, stifling her moans. Soon I felt her pussy tightening again in another orgasm. As it gripped me even tighter, her juices squirting out onto my balls as they slapped against her clit, I shot the biggest load of my life deep in her pussy. It took me five long, full thrusts to finish emptying my cum. Still slightly hard, I continued to slowly fuck her, not wanting it to end. Soon my exhausted cock had gone limp and Marilia and I lay together on the bed, both tired and in a pure state of bliss. 

I had nearly drifted off when she spoke. "That was... so.. wonderful... I am glad you... weren't a complete gentleman... and refused to fuck me..." She rolled over and faced me, running her hand through my hair. "With as picky as I am about the men I take into my bed... I don't get laid very often... You were well worth the wait... I have never screamed like that before... Very loud moans, but never screams..." She kissed me and smiled. "How would you like to stay with me on my vacation?"

I nodded and smiled back.

"Good," she said, then leaned in to whisper in my ear. "Because when I told you to take me however you wanted... I really hoped you were going to put it in my ass."