 Steve collapsed beside Jazmin at last, and wrapped his arms around her holding her tightly to him. When she stirred, she looked at him adoringly, and asked, "Did I pass out again? That was the most pleasure I have ever had. Oh my goodness,"

He ran his fingers down her cheek, giving her a sweet kiss, "Yes, my darling you did, I must say though, I came pretty damn hard myself. By the way, when were you going to tell me, we have a week of pleasure together?"

She blushed, thinking, (Of course his boss would have told him what was going on... Can't keep anything a secret from him) 

She looked into his eyes, and responded, "Well, it was suppose to be a surprise, I guess the cat is out of the bag. I have to make a killer presentation tomorrow though."

"You will do wonderfully baby. I hate it when you down yourself. You should know that. Now, let's go take a hot bath, and we can relax and you can get your sleep. I only worked us both into a frenzy for about 2 hours now." He gathered her close, and figured she couldn't stand right at the moment, so he carried her into the bathroom. 

He slowly removed the sexy teddy from her beautiful body, kissing all the way down her torso, then came up and kissed her lips. "I will try to be good, but no promises." He winked at her while turning on the hot water. 

She brought her legs over the side of the tub, and slid down the side of the large garden/Jacuzzi tub letting the water fill around her. "My legs feel like jell-o."

He slid in behind her and said. "I'm glad, we haven't had that much time alone lately, my love." Sliding his arms around her and holding her close, he kissed the back of her neck. 

She laid back against him feeling the warm water rise up all around her. She raised her arm up out of the water and reached back to pull Steve in for a kiss. 

Pulling back she looked in his eyes and said, "So, when did you get that lovely new toy? That was intense."

He squeezed his arms around her loving the feeling of her warm skin against his. He pulled her hand down from the back of his head kissing her palm and down her arm, in the same way Gomez kissed up Morticia's arm and said, "I bought it the other day after Matt told me that you had requested he find someone to take over my clients while we were away. He had said that if you were going to go out of the way and ask him for time off for me that I should do something to thank you. I just managed to get the idea from all the sites we looked at, you seemed to like the idea of the inflatable number so I bought it."

"You are too good to me, sometimes I just don't deserve you." She kissed him, just before she leaned forward to turn off the water of the tub, and started the jets. She reached over and grabbed the body scrubber and applied the body soap. 

Just when she started to start rubbing up and down on her arms he pulled the scrubber away from him and said, "No you don't, I haven't had the chance to pamper you in a while so just lay back and I will wash you off baby." 

She thought to herself, he always pampers me, but reluctantly she laid back against him and began to relax. She was normally the first one to leave the house and last to get home, so he would make her breakfast before work, and dinner when she got home. 

She heard music playing that she didn't notice before, and then remembered the CD player in the bathroom that usually had some instrumental relaxation music in it. They had gotten a few of those CD's because of her mother was a massage therapist as well.  

Feeling all the muscles in her body let loose and relax, she sighed up against her lover. He was moving the scrubber along her arms, and moved to her chest, Letting go of the scrubber to let it float, he began to massage her shoulders, and chest muscles.  

He watched her relax, kissing her forehead and nose down to her mouth. She laid her head back and kissed him back. The longer the kiss lasted the more passion she felt build up in her. 

She had been neglecting her lover's needs and her own and those needs were at the forefront of her mind at that moment. She rotated around keeping her lips locked to his, pressing her breasts against his chest under the water feeling his cock against her tummy. 

She opened her eyes and looked at him seeing the lust in his eyes that matched her own. She looked down and said, "What are you going to do with me. I can't get enough of a good thing."

He pulled her in for a passionate kiss and said, "Well lover, neither can I." He moved his hands down her back, over her ass, and grabbed the back of her thighs, pulling them so that she was straddling him. He pushed his hips up against her and made a low growl. 

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer to her, feeling his cock grow again between her legs. He placed his hands on each cheek of her round well-used ass. Pushing her down on his cock, grinding up against her under the water she moaned softly in his hear. 

"Baby, I want you again, but slow I want to feel every slow thrust of your cock go deep inside of me." She reached between them down to his fully erect penis and slid it right in to her pressing her body down on him. Impaling herself on his large cock. She started to slowly ride him making waves in the tub, Feeling the water slap up against their skin. 

She slid easily up and down his body, pushing him deeper inside her. They both began to moan feeling the heat and intensity compared to the fast and furiousness of the previous time. She squeezed her muscles tightly around him grinding her hips down on his cock. 

He squeezed her ass cheeks, and pulled them apart, laying his head back up, feeling her breast slide up and down on his chest while she was riding him. 

He pulled her down on his cock by her hips, pressing his cock deeper in her. Letting orgasmic feeling build up in him. He reached back and begins to press his fingers against her asshole. Feeling it hadn't totally snapped back to where it normally was he slid 3 fingers up the hole easily. 

She felt the fingers go up her ass and she started to press back on them, pressing the fingers deeper inside her ass. She began to ride him faster. Kissing up and down on his neck and on his ears. Breathing heavy and loudly against him, She pulled back a bit to feel his fingers go as deep as they could, while his cock is deep in her hot and wet pussy sliding in and out of her with a increasingly faster rhythm. 

She felt her orgasm begin, while she ground down on his cock, pressing her clit up against his pubic bone. She moaned loudly scratching on his back hard pulling him closer to her. The water making waves in the tub, slapping against the walls and the couple with each rise and fall of her on his shaft.

He felt the walls of her vagina squeeze tight around him milking his cock of the thick cream that is working up his shaft from his balls. With each stroke he got closer and closer till he couldn't hold it in anymore. 

Cumming with his lover, her body against his, quivering from her own orgasm, he growled out as his last shot was pushed from his body. 

They wrap their arms tightly around each other, not moving after letting him soften inside her till it slid out on its own. 

He felt her legs quiver from her multiple orgasms shake on either sides of his legs. Holding her close, he slid his lips up and down her neck nuzzling her, "Baby, I love you so much. Every moment with you makes me fall harder for you."

She breathed, "I love you too, I never want to spend that much time away from you, and this bliss ever again. That's why I'm taking the time off gladly, and I want to spend it all with you." Kissing his neck. She pulled away, and turned back to lie up against him to finish her bath rubbing the scrubber against him, and herself. Getting them both clean with the scrubber. 

They got out of the bath, and dry off to go to bed for the night. They laid down on the bed, with her curled up beside him on his chest, while he laid on his back, and his arm wrapped around her. They close their eyes for a good nights rest with the hope of the next week.