 Here it was the final day of high school. I worked my tail off to become the class valedictorian. I really wanted to get to college and escape the small town that I grew up in. The last two years I kept to the books and didn't go to parties or go dating. There was a big party the night after commencement. I wasn't going to go but my best girlfriend, Rachel, twisted my arm.

"Come on Molly, you can let your hair down just this one night," she told me. "You're eighteen now, enjoy this."

I guess I owed myself at least this one night. Rachel drove us both to the party. One of our classmate's parents owned a farm. The party was going to be in the barn and there would be plenty of beer, we were told. Once we got there everyone who drove had to turn over their car keys. You would have to stay until morning. The idea was that Rachel and I would hang out together. It didn't work out like that.

Once we got into the barn, Rachel had a bunch of guys hanging all over her. She seemed to forget me altogether. I stood there sipping my beer. I wasn't going to drink much because I knew a little bit of alcohol would get me drunk. It wasn't too long when one of the guys from school approached me. It was Eddie, one of the football jocks.

"I never thought I would see you here Molly," he said to me.

Well, Rachel dragged me along,"I told him.

"It looks like she is going to be busy tonight," Eddie said.

I knew he was right. We stood there and talked. Eddie said he wasn't going to go to college. Eddie's dad owned a number of businesses in town. Eddie was going to be groomed by his father to take over one day. I wondered about that. Eddie never impressed me as being someone who would one day run a business. Eddie seemed happy enough. He had it made, he told me.

All that talking and I realized that Eddie kept filling up my glass with beer. I was starting to get lightheaded. Maybe Eddie noticed I was getting drunk. He asked me if I wanted to take a walk outside the barn. I thought some fresh air might help, so I told him yes. The back of the barn led to the pasture. We started walking and Eddie asked me what my plans were. I told him I had a scholarship at a good university. I thought I had it made as well.

We must have walked a couple hundred feet from the barn. Eddie stopped and put his beer glass down. He came over to me and put his arms around my waist. He pulled me into his body and then kissed me hard on the mouth. I was taken by surprise, I guess. I hated to admit it but I was still a virgin. It wasn't like I was saving myself for 'Mr. Right.' I had put guys on the back burner these last two years so I could be first in my class.

The alcohol had loosened me up. What could it hurt to kiss a good looking guy from school. I probably wouldn't be seeing him from now on. Eddie decided he wanted more. His hands were wandering over my body. I tried to have him stop but he worked both of his hands under my shirt. He managed to pull my top off. Thank God it was nearly dusk. I hoped no one could see me like that. Eddie reached around and unsnapped my bra.

I was in a state of shock right then. Eddie threw my shirt and bra a few feet from where we stood. He didn't want me to go and retrieve them. I then watched as Eddie took his clothes off. I think I had my mouth open as Eddie stripped down. Before you knew it I was looking at Eddie's long cock. All I knew was that it looked long and fat to me. I didn't really know what to do. I was shocked but I was also getting excited. I could feel myself getting wet between my legs.

"I want to make love to you Molly, before you go," Eddie told me.

My mind was racing. I was still a virgin and I sure wasn't on any birth control. Eddie took me in his arms and the next thing I knew we were on the ground together. I tried telling Eddie we shouldn't do this. 

"I bet you're still a virgin Molly. You don't want to go to college like that."

I didn't know what I wanted. The beer was talking to me right then. Eddie got my pants and undies off of me. He began to rub his fat cock across my folds. I knew I was going to give into him. I told Eddie I was still a virgin.

"Don't worry," he said, "I will pull out before anything happens."

What did he think was going to happen? I soon felt Eddie's cock head pushing into my pussy. He was having trouble entering me. He kept thrusting against my opening. He finally broke my cherry. God, did that hurt. I must have been tipsy. I explained it to myself that it was better not going to college as a virgin. Once Eddie had his entire length inside me, he started to fuck me with his cock. 

Eddie acted like he hadn't had a girl in a long time. He took hold of my legs and pushed them towards my chest. I must have gotten into it after awhile. His thick cock was starting to feel good inside me. I let Eddie take me out there in the pasture. I could feel his balls hitting my bottom. I think I started to groan as he shoved his hard member all the way into me. I sort of shocked myself. I told Eddie to fuck me hard.

Eddie looked down at my face. He then lowered his mouth and took one of my nipples and started to suck on it. I threw my head back. I was feel these waves of pleasure going through my body. I don't know how long Eddie fucked me that night. It was getting dark when I heard Eddie starting to grunt. I told him he needed to pull out before he came.

It was like Eddie was in a trance. He kept pumping his cock into me and then he let out this roar. I quickly felt Eddie's hot seed shooting deep into my body. It was like an electric current flowing through me. My pussy gripped his cock hard and I ended up squeezing most of his cum out. Eddie didn't stop. He kept thrusting into my wet pussy until he finally was spent.

We were both panting after he finished cumming inside my pussy.

"I told you not to do that," I shouted at him.

"Don't worry," he said, "you won't get pregnant."

How he figured that out, I will never know. Eddie slid his cock out of my pussy. My mind was racing. I stood up and tried to push all that cum out. All those wads of cum came dripping out of my pussy and fell to the ground. Eddie looked quite pleased with himself. He had ended up taking my cherry and he gave me his baby seed as well.

"Tell me you didn't enjoy that, Molly."

I couldn't tell him any such thing. My pussy was still on fire from having Eddie's cock in me. Eddie got to his feet and he took me in his arms. I was stupid, I let him start to kiss me again. Not only that, he lowered his lips and took each of my nipples between his lips. My nipples were already hard and all that attention was making them stand out from my chest. Eddie kept it up for a few minutes. He stopped and gathered up our clothes. He made a pile of them and then he told me to get on all fours.

You probably wondered if I did as he asked. I must have been so far gone that night. I did as he told me and Eddie got in behind me. Eddie rub his cock up and down my ass crack. That seemed to get him hard again. I soon felt his cock entering me from behind. Eddie placed his hands on my shoulder and pulled me into his body. His rod was in me the whole way now. He kept driving his hardness deep in my tunnel. 

"I want you to remember this," Eddie told me.

I was sure I wouldn't forget the time I had my cherry taken. It was dark now. Only the light from the barn was showing. Eddie was grinding his throbbing cock into me. I know he gave me some orgasms. My pussy was quivering as he ended up cumming in me once more. It wasn't a lot but I felt him squirt his white cum into my pussy. After we got calmed down I emptied out again and got dressed. I walked back to the barn and Eddie soon followed me.

Rachel was nowhere to be seen. I found out later that she had been with a couple of guys. Yes, she told me one guy fucked her pussy as another made her suck his cock. I guess we both got used that night. I found someplace to curl up and I woke up the next morning with a huge headache. My pussy felt like I had been worked over. Rachel drove me home that morning. My Mom asked me how the party went.

I told her I shouldn't drink beer. I went into the bathroom and showered. All I could think of was trying to clean Eddie's spunk completely from my body. I was worried that whole summer. Thankfully nothing bad happened. I made it to college that fall and I was glad I was gone from my hometown. I did hear from Eddie. He somehow got my phone number. He texted me a few times. He hopes when I am home next that we can hook up.

That is never going to happen as far as I am concerned. I made a big mistake. I am not going to compound it. Eddie either needs a quick fuck or a wife. I don't plan to be either for him. I am trying to be good at school but a guy named Jeff asked me out. I haven't decided what to do yet. I do find myself getting the itch now and again. I wonder what it would be like to have Jeff making love to me. Maybe I will report back and tell you what happens.