 Vanessa smiled as she noticed the discomfort of the professor out of the corner of her eye. Tongue darting in and out of her red lips, she pretended to be taking her notes down as she saw Dr Tan trying desperately to adjust himself behind the desk. The rest of the class, as usual, were oblivious to this, as they dutifully copied down the text flashing across the screen. She had been teasing him for several weeks now, and he had to be at breaking point. She first saw him at the Freshmen Orientation Tea, and knew there and then that she had to have him. But it would be on her terms. Always, her terms.

The wedding band on his fourth finger didn't deter her – it never did. She noticed his intelligent eyes, easy manner with faculty and students and confident manner of speech, and couldn't wait to get started. It wasn't difficult getting him to notice her – in her short denim skirt which showed off her tanned legs to great advantage, and a fitted long sleeved white shirt with the top two buttons undone, she knew she looked good enough to eat. An added advantage she had over the bimbos fawning over him, and who wanted the same thing she did? She had actually READ Dr Tan's book on socio-cultural relations between Singapore and the United States, and so could engage him on level they couldn't. Ever.

One by one, the bimbos slunk away as she started talking about specific points made in his book. She monopolised him throughout the tea, and by the end of the half hour event, was grabbing his arm to emphasise her points, laughing, sharing private jokes; she also detected his eyes straying to her cleavage, where she knew he could just make out her white lace bra. Five times.

In the first month, she made it a point to sit right in the front row, where she could work on him directly without anyone else knowing what was going on. In a succession of short skirts and dresses, she flaunted herself on a weekly basis, making the most of the three hour sessions to drive Dr Tan to the point of distraction. She credited him for being to stay mostly on topic, though of course he couldn't help looking her way whenever she crossed her legs slowly right in front of him, and keeping her knees slightly spread if she was feeling especially naughty. Those were the times he stammered and lost his way.

She also (of course) visited him regularly in his office, to check on the inevitable queries she had. It was a game for her to scope his room, and imagine where they could be having sex (his table, sofa, and right up against the window overlooking the library compound) or where she could be giving him a blowjob (just about everywhere). In his office, with the door closed, she would always make her way to his side of the table, hair falling over her face and just brushing his as he tried to explain the finer points of his theories. Thigh pressed against thigh, she noticed with satisfaction his sharp intakes of breath when she unwittingly placed her hand on his leg, or when she moved in closer to take a look at a diagram. It was always just a matter of when.

It would be today, she decided. She had a four hour break before meeting her project group, and she knew that he had some time off on Wednesday afternoons. Besides, all the things she was doing to him had an effect on her too, and she usually found herself wet and horny after teasing the good doctor. She hadn't had a good fuck in ages – she knew it was imperative deny herself until the right one came along – from experience, the sex was that much better for the short period of abstinence.

Vanessa knocked on his door, and without waiting for an answer, walked right into his office, and closed the door behind her. He was typing away on his laptop, and, she knew, trying furiously to affect some sort of nonchalance at her arrival. She sat down on the sofa facing his desk, placing her things on the floor, and waited for him to acknowledge her presence. 

"Ah Vanessa, there you are. So what do you have for me today?" Dr Tan smiled at her. He pushed his laptop to one side, clasping his hands and, Vanessa thought wryly, tried to hide his erection behind his desk.

She returned his smile. "Dr Tan… I was wondering… in the last four weeks or so, how many times have you actually jerked off while thinking of me?" Vanessa found the most direct approaches often bore the sweetest fruit. Besides, she had waited long enough.


His smile disappeared immediately. "What…what do you mean?" She saw the sweat forming on his brow.

"I mean," she said, leaning back into the sofa, " that all this time, during the seminars, you've been enjoying an unobstructed view of my legs… and more." She slowly spread her legs apart, enough for him to see the black panties she had on. Unbidden, his eyes darted to between her legs, then back to her. "I just thought it was time that you get a proper look – for as long as you want."

She delighted in his speechlessness. As he stared open-mouthed at her, Vanessa brought her right hand down to between her legs, and started stroking herself lightly. "Do you want me to stop? I can leave right now, if you want. Or do you want to see the pussy you've been dreaming about for the last month? The pussy you really want to slide your cock into while you're fucking your wife? Hmmmm? It's your choice Dr Tan…." All the while she was speaking, Vanessa played with herself, caressing the black lace panties she had on.

"You… have to stop. Please. I can't do…."

"Is that what you really want? I've been thinking about you too, Dr Tan. How nice your cock would feel inside me. I get sooo wet in your seminars, it's all I can do not to touch myself right there and then in the room." Vanessa stood up, skirt falling back to cover her, and walked over to his side of the desk. She swung his chair so he was facing her, then bent herself so she was inches from his face. "Don't you want to see how wet I am now? Don't you want to touch me? Taste me?" She breathed into his face, biting her lower lip. She stayed there for a few more seconds, then got down onto her knees, between his legs.

Placing her hands on his thighs, Vanessa continued. "Are you hard right now? Do you want to show me? Do you want to feel me?" She unbuckled his belt, carefully unzipping his pants so his bulge remained untouched. Dr Tan groaned, but made no move to stop her.

"Please Vanessa, don't do this. The door – it's not locked. Anyone can co…"

"All you have to do, Dr Tan, is say you don't want any of this, and I'll just walk away. Just say the word. Otherwise…" Vanessa pulled his underwear down, watching hungrily as his erection sprang into view. It was a nice size, certainly not the biggest she'd ever seen, but it'd do. Just the thought of playing her lecturer like this would be more than enough to get her off. She moved her lips to within an inch of his cock, letting her warm breath flow over him. Her tongue darted out of her mouth, and the look in her eyes, staring straight at him as she lowered her head and stretched her tongue towards his cock was too much for him to take. Without actually having been touched by her, Dr Tan unloaded himself with a strangled gasp, hands gripping the arms of his chair.

Hips off the chair, he thrashed about spastically for some seconds, his cum spurting and flowing down his prick. Vanessa remained where she was, a little smile playing at the corners of her mouth. When his orgasm had subsided, cock still rock hard, she bent forward and beginning at the base of his cock, licked his cock in broad strokes, slurping up his ejaculate. The professor placed his hands on her head, only for Vanessa to move her mouth off his cock for long enough to say," No touching me unless I say so – or it's over," before applying herself to her task again.

Cleaning him thoroughly, she licked the head of his cock again, and, pursing her lips, slowly swallowed him inch by inch, all the while keeping eye contact with him. Through gritted teeth, Dr Tan found himself jerking his hips towards her hungry mouth, willing more of his cock into her warm, wet, wanton mouth, biting down his urge to scream in ecstasy as her tongue laved the underside of his cock. He had never remained this hard after cumming, this desperate to fuck someone. Then his mind went blank as he came for the second time in five minutes, this time unloading his cum into Vanessa's mouth and throat. Sucking greedily, she swallowed it all, keeping his cock in her mouth as he slowly grew flaccid.

Removing her mouth with a soft plop, she licked the sides of her mouth daintily before getting back on her feet. "Did you enjoy that? I did. I almost came just sucking your hard cock." It was a lie of course, but she found it was one that seemed to work for the men. She looked at his dishevelled state, a destroyed man slumped in his chair, and totally wiped out by her ministrations. "See you next week?" She adjusted her skirt, strutted over to the sofa, picked up her things from the floor, giving him one last look at her panties stretched tightly over her pert butt, and walked out the door.

A few days later, he took her on as his personal assistant, though given the amount of control she possessed over him, it was sometimes unclear who was the employee. She teased him unmercifully in countless ways, denying him release, and for three months, only, ever, gave him blowjobs or handjobs, even as he begged her for more. She was an efficient assistant, of course, and managed her work with aplomb even as she stroked him to orgasm while he was fully dressed in his office, or car, or lift; even as she brought him off under the table at the University's charity ball; and even as she made him cum in class when she discreetly lifted her skirt and spread her legs, only for him to see she was wearing nothing underneath.

When they finally had sex, it was at his house, when his wife was away on a business trip. In one completely decadent weekend, Vanessa made it a personal goal to have sex in every room in the house, christening every corner with the smell of their mingled sex. Dr Tan wasn't the best lover she'd ever had – he was competent enough, but hardly imaginative or forceful, the way she liked, even as she tried her best to change habits forty years in the making. But a decently sized cock was a decently sized cock, and the man knew enough to bring her to orgasm a few times, if not quite as many times as she'd like.

Six months into her University like, Vanessa liked what she had – her main lecturer twirled right around her little finger, sufficient thrills in the sack, and grades that were well on the way to getting her that valedictorian award she had her eyes on.

Til Jason came into the picture.

Jason Rodriguez was an asshole. Everyone knew that, but for all his attitude and cockiness, he was sometimes a lovable asshole. Of mixed parentage, born of an ex-singaporean beauty queen and an American telecommunications tycoon, he'd had it easy his whole life, in no small part due to his father's connections and money, and his good looks, which had gotten him into, and out of, trouble many a time.

To say that he was popular with the girls was an understatement. They flocked around him, cooing and fawning in a manner that Vanessa thought pathetic and disgusting. She could see where and how they found him attractive – physically, at least – but she couldn't for the life of her get him. What on earth did they see in him? If boys were stupid, girls could sometimes be worse. He had his pick of chicks, and it would be fair to say that in the six months she had known of him – he was a senior – he had gone through a good portion of his groupies, fucking and leaving them in equal measure.

Vanessa was no slouch herself in the looks department, of course – she knew the boys talked about her, she was told she appeared on a good many of their pitiable Top Ten lists (of Girls They'd Like to Fuck), and she'd had offers, both decent and indecent, but had ignored them all. She had caught Jason checking her out quite often, but for some reason, he'd never approached her. Chicken, she thought, though she would have loved to have him approach her, and shoot him down in front of everyone. 

She reviewed these thoughts of him as she saw him swaggering across the dance floor, panicking slightly as she realised Dr Tan – John – was at the bar getting her a drink. They'd become bolder in recent weeks, actually going on dates, albeit at slightly out of the way and secluded nightspots. The club they were in had a makeup of mostly expatriates, so they thought they'd be safe. But here was Jason, having arrived at their table the same time as an oblivious Dr Tan, who smiled nervously at him.

"Weee-ellll! Look at what we have here! How you doing, Dr Tan? Come here often? Didn't expect you to be here. AT ALL. Luckily I didn't go down to Zouk tonight!" He leered at Vanessa, who was dressed in a baby blue halter dress with a hemline that was two thirds up her thighs. Barebacked, she had chosen not to wear a bra, and was sorely regretting the decision now as she felt Jason's gaze lingering on her erect nipples poking through the thin material.

"Let me buy you two a drink? You've already got some? Ah – no matter, let me get you some more…" He signalled to the bartender, whom he obviously knew. A huge tray of drinks was brought to the table, and Jason made himself very comfortable, wedging himself in between Dr Tan and Vanessa. He chose not to notice or comment on their obvious discomfort and jitteriness, plying both the professor and Vanessa with alcohol. The professor wasn't a good drinker, and was soon a little high. He proved to be a quiet and sleepy drunk. Barely four drinks later, he was swaying and swooning, and more than a little unsteady. While Vanessa looked at him worriedly, wondering how on earth she was going to get him home, Jason started getting really forward with her, grabbing her by the waist as he chatted inanely.

He dragged her to the dance floor against her wishes, saying the professor would be in safe hands, as he asked one of the waiters to keep an eye on him. By that time, it was almost midnight, and the place was packed. He held her hand as they moved into the centre of the dance space, and pulled her close to him as the band struck up a rock number. The crowd ensured they were pressed against one another, and as much as she despised him, Vanessa had to admit that at least he smelled a lot nicer than most guys, and the firm, muscular body under the snazzy shirt was…. nice to hold on to.

She started trying to share the story she had come up with about how Dr Tan and her had come to be at the same table, when he shushed her, pushing himself against her even as his hands, clasped at the small of her back, pulled her to him. She felt a sizeable bulge against her tummy. Was that HIM?

"I know."

She looked at him, puzzled and fearful. "What?"

"I know – about you and him. ALL about you. And the good Dr Tan."

"There's nothing to kno…"

"SHUT UP." Jason spoke quietly, but with force and menace. "The two of you think you've been so discreet, yes? Huh. Well, I've known since the beginning about you two. I've got my contacts. Little birdies who perch on my shoulder and sing little songs in my ear. And who show me the little pictures they've taken." Jason grinned broadly as he felt Vanessa go stiff in his arms.

Pictures? She felt her knees go weak, and a slight nausea overtake her. Dr Tan's job; both their reputations; her future; her valedictorianship; everything. Gone. Just like that. Oh god.

"Need to sit down?" She nodded without looking at him, sparing her at least the smirk he had plastered on her face. She felt close to crying, and as she looked to the professor for comfort, found him slumped over the table in a stupor. The next half an hour was a blur: a mix of bills paid, people both strange and familiar talking to her, being led out of the club into fresh air that did little to clear her head.

When she gathered some of her senses, she found herself in the front seat of the familiar looking convertible that, she supposed, so many other girls had bounced around in. In the back, the professor was snoring. 

"I'll send you both back, don't worry. I just ah, need to get my car washed first. Have a wedding to help out with tomorrow. It'll just take ten minutes."

She nodded mutely, still stung by the turn of events, and scared to death as to what Jason might do to the both of them. He'd been nice so far, but with this guy, one never knew.

Jason pulled into the deserted station and waved to the two attendants. Good grief – was there anyone he didn't know? She slumped in the seat as the car was moved on the rollers into the wash area. She closed her eyes, hearing the echoes outside, feeling cocooned as the spray hit the roof of the car.

"I'm waiting."

Stunned out of her reverie, Vanessa opened her eyes and looked at Jason. "Waiting?"

"You didn't think I was going to let you get away with it, did you? The way you've been snubbing me, turning your pretty little nose up at me the past half year. And now I've got the pics to frighten your little ass off. It's payback time."

She stared at him, uncomprehendingly.

"I'm a fair man. Heh. You do what I want – it's a… challenge of sorts – and if you win, I'll give you the pics and negatives, and we're all square."

She sighed wearily. She knew it was too good to last. "What are you proposing?"

Jason grinned and leaned back in his seat. "You make me cum, right here, NOW, before the car finishes its wash, and we're done. Cross my heart"

A HANDJOB? That was what this was all about? A stupid handjob?

"Time's ticking."

Vanessa reached across the seat, and unzipped his jeans with some difficulty. Then she reached in and realised it wasn't that the jeans were tight – Jason Rodriguez had, hands down, the largest cock she had ever seen. It was easily one and half times the length of the professor's, and much thicker. She pulled him out of his pants, silently marvelling at its size – no wonder the girls kept going on about him in the restrooms. The bastard was fucking huge – he wasn't even completely hard yet, and already the monster was pulsing against his washboard stomach. She had her work cut out for her. Squeezing his cock in her right hand, she reached over with her left.

"Only with your mouth."

God he was an asshole. There was no way she could fit him easily into her mouth! Desperately aware of the time factor, though, she opted not to argue, and leant forward, gingerly licking his cock as he grabbed her hair roughly. The soap suds around the car meant little light came in, and Vanessa closed her eyes as she bent to her task. She smothered his cock with wet kisses, little licks, knowing that she was a good cocksucker, and that going by her prior experience, she had a pretty good chance of winning the challenge if she focused properly.

As the almond smell of his cock and sheer length and girth presented themselves to her, Vanessa got on her knees, feet in her seat while she stabilised herself, right hand on Jason's chest, left hand on his seat, between his legs. Jason was using his right hand to direct her head and lips, while with his left hand, he slid her dress up over taut ass, exposing her white thong. Despite herself, the combination of alcohol, the sheer illicit nature of the activity she was engaged in, and the simple pleasure she found in fellatio, all worked to get her wet. Extremely wet, which fact did not escape Jason's attention, as he ran one finger over her butt, and stroked her panties, causing her butt to squirm from the attention.

"My my, aren't we getting into this!" Vanessa winced as Jason smacked her butt, not hard enough to cause pain, but strong enough to feel the vibrations coursing through her body. Her cheeks burned as she thought of the field day he would have with this, knowing she had been turned on while sucking his cock.
