 I had been driving since early that morning. As I have been known to do in the past, I took an exit off the interstate, and drove the back roads for quite a way, enjoying the scenery, and stopping places that I wanted to. Finally, after getting back on the interstate, and reaching a larger city, I decided it was time to stop for the night, and get some rest. Turning off onto a main street in the city, I began to look for a reasonably priced motel. It didn't take long. I quickly produced my credit card, and paid for the room. I took my bag from the truck, and unlocked the door to the room. The room was clean, and appeared freshly remodeled. It was apparently meant to be a handicap room, as it had a larger than normal bathtub and shower at the rear of the room. Two queen size beds, a small table and chairs, a small sofa, and a table with the television made up the rest of the furnishings.

I unpacked what clothes I would need, hanging up a clean shirt, and left the rest of my stuff in the bag. No need to drag everything out. I realized now that I was hungry, as well as tired, and decided to find a place to eat. I stepped out the room door, and noticed that next door was a Texas Steakhouse. This looked good, so I decided to try it. Since it was in walking distance, if I wanted to have a drink or two, no problem with driving!

I walked over to the steakhouse. It was getting late, and there were very few customers left in the dining area. The staff was trying to get things cleaned up, so the hostess asked if I would mind sitting in the bar. I told her that would be fine. I had a seat at one of the tall tables, and ordered a drink, while waiting for my food. The bartender did good, using a large glass, and mixing the drink just a little strong. Obviously, he was hoping for a good tip. He soon brought my food, and asked if I wanted a refill. I said sure, and he soon returned with another large glass. It was also fixed the same way. I soon began to feel a slight buzz from the alcohol, which was helping to relax me after all the driving I had done earlier.

While eating, I looked around the bar. There were only four people left, and they were sitting at the bar. A young guy, appearing to be in his early twenties, maybe, and two women to his left, maybe in their forties or so, occupied three of the seats. To his left was a woman who appeared to be younger than the other two. She was dressed nicely, in a short black skirt with a slit on each side, and a silky looking black shirt, tucked into the skirt. The shirt clung nicely to her breasts, which stood out quite nicely. Black pantyhose encased a pair of very firm looking legs. She and the guy next to her were talking quite a bit, and I turned my attention back to my dinner, glancing her way only occasionally. The lighting was low, so I had not gotten a good look at her face, which was framed by shoulder length dark brown hair. Soon, the other two women and the guy paid their bill, and got up and left. I had assumed that she was with them, but now I decided that I was wrong. By now, I was finished with my meal, and my last drink was gone. I got up and took my check over to the bar so I could pay. I stood beside the seat next to her as I gave the bartender my credit card. I noticed that she was drinking a beer, and that her mug was almost empty.

I looked over at her, and taking a chance, asked if she was going to drink alone, or if she would like some more company. She smiled, and replied that she would welcome company. I sat down, and told the bartender to get us both another drink. He returned with them, and we sipped them as we talked. I now could see her face. She was pretty, and had soft eyes that were framed by her dark hair. I guessed her age in the late twenties, but she later told me she was 36. We talked about several things, my trip, and what I had been doing. She told me that she had 2 children, and lived in a town about an hour from the one we were in. She said she came down here now and then just to get out away from everything there. I told her I could understand that.

After another refill of our drinks, I asked her what her plans were for the rest of the night. She replied that she needed to call a friend of hers to bring her some gas money, as she had left her ATM and credit cards in her billfold at home. She had enough to pay for her dinner and a couple of earlier drinks before realizing that she did not have the cards. She also said that as foggy and rainy as it was, that she really hated to drive back, but that she had to be at work the next morning. I told her that I would be happy take care of the gas for her. She said she appreciated that, and called her friend, and told her not to come. Feeling a little braver, I told her that I was staying overnight, and that my motel was right next door, and my room had two perfectly good queen sized beds. I said that she was welcome to stay and use one of them if she wanted to. She replied that she still had to be at work in the morning, and that she probably better drive on back.

We sat and drank and talked a little more after that. We talked about various things that we liked. At one point, I mentioned that I liked short skirts with slits on sexy women. She asked if I thought she was sexy. I replied in the affirmative, and she smiled and said that I must like her skirt, in that case. It had ridden up to more than mid-thigh by this time, and as I glanced down at it, I said that things looked pretty good to me. We talked a little longer, then she asked if my offer of the extra bed was still good. I replied that it was, and she said that it would probably be better if she did not drive tonight. I said that I thought that was a good idea. I paid for our drinks, and we left the bar, carrying what was left of them with us. We walked across the parking lot to the motel, finally reaching my room. I unlocked the door, and we carried our drinks in and sat them on the table. We sat down, and talked a little longer. There was nothing good on TV, so I told her that I thought I would go ahead and take a shower, so I wouldn't have to the next morning. I told her to make herself at home, and I'd be out in a few minutes.

I went to the bathroom, stripped my clothes off, set the water at the temperature I wanted, and stepped in the shower. As I started soaping, my hand reached down and stroked my cock, which was already getting hard. Just being around her had caused it to begin to stir quite a bit. As it reached its full hardness and length, I heard a noise, and Amy stepped into the shower behind me. She smiled and asked if she could join me. I gazed at her firm, naked breasts, and said that I'd be happy for her to. She took the soap from me, and took over what I had started. With my back to her, she proceeded to soap and wash my back, and then pressing her breasts up against my back, reached and took hold of my cock with her soft hand. She remarked that it appeared that I had started without her, so she guessed she'd have to catch up. She washed my cock and my balls, then all the rest of me. I turned around, took the soap and started on her. First her shoulders. then her breasts, soft and firm, with very little sag to them. I made sure they got proper attention, especially her hard nipples. Then I moved on down, her belly, then to the smoothly shaved area between her thighs. She moaned softly as I washed her pussy, then her ass and thighs. Finally we both rinsed the soap away, and stepped out on the mat. With big bath towels, we dried each other, making sure not to miss any spots.

We walked out of the bath, and into the bed area, to the small sofa. She told me to sit down on it, and realizing that this was no time to argue, I did. After I sat down, she sat, facing me, and straddled my lap. Her arms went around my neck, as we started kissing, lightly at first, then more deeply, our tongues meeting and entertwining. My hands went to her breasts, cupping and caressing, my fingers lightly squeezing her nipples. She shuddered and moaned as I rolled them between my fingers, squeezing a little harder. One of her hands slid down my belly and found my cock, standing up hard between us. Our kisses broke, as she leaned back just a little, to stroke and play with my cock. Her hand moved up and down it, slowly jerking me off, as my mouth went to one of her breasts. My lips found a hard nipple, and sucking it into my mouth, I ran my tongue around it as I gently sucked on it. Gently I nipped at it with my teeth. She moaned a little more, and began to squirm around on me. I could feel her wetness on my balls as she moved against me. She took her free hand and slid it down to her pussy. She slipped her middle finger inside her wet slit, and moved it around a little. Then she slid it out, and presented it to me to taste.

My mouth left her nipple for a minute and she slid her finger inside my mouth. Her juices tasted wonderful, with kind of a sweet freshness. That, of course, made me hungry for more. I told her I wanted to eat her, but she said to wait, all in good time. She slid back then, down on the floor, and spread my legs. I slid down a little, so that my ass was right at the edge of the sofa. She proceeded to run her tongue from my knee all the way up my thigh to my cock. She took it in one hand and again slowly stroked it, as her mouth slowly licked the underside of it from the head all the way down to my balls. She then started on them, licking and sucking them, playing with them with her mouth and tongue. My cock throbbed a little in her grasp, and she looked up and said that I better not cum yet. I told her she better be careful what she was doing, in that case. She firmly squeezed the base of my cock with her fingers until I calmed down a little. Then she ran her mouth back up my cock and took the head in her mouth. She slowly took it all in until her mouth was at the base of it. She moved up and down it, gently sucking as her tongue did wonderful things to it.

Then I felt her mouth move off of it, and she reached for something. I felt her hands on my cock as she slowly rolled a condom down it. She stood up, and straddled me again. She positioned her pussy over the head of my cock, and slowly moved the head up and down the length of her slit, and then took just the head inside her. She moaned as she slid down the entire length of it. I gasped a little, too, as I felt the tightness and warmth of her pussy engulf my cock. She was tight, but so wet, that I moved easily inside her. She looked at me and said that she wanted to suck me again later, and eat my cum, but that right now she just wanted my cock inside her. I had no problem with that. She started moving up and down on my cock, letting it slide out just to the head, and then back down. My hands went to her waist, holding her, and moving with her as she slid back down all the way on the full length of my cock. 

She began fucking me in earnest then, moving up and down, not too fast, but steadily. I met her movements with my own, my hips moving to fuck her as she was me. She laid over on me, her head on my shoulder, breasts against me, moving her pussy up and down on my cock. She felt so good and tight. I told her I was close to cumming, and she said that was O.K., that she was, too. She raised up and put her hands on my shoulders, and moved to force her pussy as far down on me as she could. Feeling my release very close, I thrust hard up inside her. Just as my cock started throbbing, she let out a loud moan that was almost a scream. Her eyes rolled back a little, and I felt her cunt muscles squeeze my cock as she came. This triggered me, and my cum spurted up inside her, as I groaned with my orgasm. She rode my cock as I came inside her pussy. I felt her juices flowing down on my thighs as fucked against me while she was cumming. Finally we were both finished, and she again collapsed against me. We just sat there for a few minutes, enjoying the moment. My cock softened and slipped out of her. She got up, slid down, and removed the condom from my now softening cock.

She took it and went to the bathroom, and tossed it in the toilet. I heard water running, and she came back with a warm wash rag. She smiled at me and said she believed in cleaning up behind herself. She knelt, and took my now soft cock in her mouth, cleaning what remained of my cum off of it. She looked up and told me how good it tasted. Then she took the warm rag and wiped the rest of it off. She raised up, and leaned over and kissed me deeply. I could taste her juices and my cum mixed together. It wasn't a bad taste!

I got up and went to the bathroom to take care of a little personal business. When I came out, she had turned the cover back on one of the beds, and was stretched out on it, She looked good in the dim light, breasts firm and pussy shaved. I looked at her, and moved toward the bed. I told her I wanted to fuck her again, but it usually took a while for me to get hard the second time. She said that was no problem, but that she liked to cum, and did so real easily. She looked up at me, ran her hand down to her pussy and slipped a finger inside herself, then ran it back over her clit. She asked if I thought my tongue was up to the task at hand. I told her I'd sure try!

She gave me an evil look, and asked me how good I was at eating pussy. I grinned and said that I had never had any complaints. She said that it was her favorite way to cum, and that once she got started, she could keep cumming as long as I could keep licking! I told her I thought that I was up to the challenge. She crooked her finger at me, and said to shut up and get busy. Once again, who was I to argue with that logic? She moved up and laid her head back on the pillow, and stretched out and spread her thighs. Her shaved pussy glistened with dampness, beckoning me to it. I leaned over and kissed her again. Then I moved down her body with my mouth, stopping to suck each nipple, and then to run my tongue in and out of her belly button. I ran my tongue around it, then began moving farther down. I reached the top of her shaved slit, but bypassed it, and moved down between her thighs. With my lips and tongue, I worked my way from her knee all the way up the inside of her thigh. When I got to her pussy, instead of licking it, I ran my tongue up and down the area between her pussy lips and the joint of her thigh. This seemed to really get to her. She accused me of teasing her, but said she wasn't complaining. 

As my hands moved up and under her ass, she drew her legs up, and bent her knees, spreading her thighs wide for me. Using my tongue, I traced my way up her pussy lip on one side, across the top of her slit, then back down the other side. I teased her, not really getting into it yet, but making her squirm a little. Finally, I gave in. She had put her legs up over my shoulders, and my hands were on her ass. I moved my mouth to the base of her pussy, and slowly ran my pointed tongue up the length of her slit. She moaned as I repeated this, her hands going to the top of my head. She pressed my head down, as she told me to quit teasing her and eat her. I ran my tongue up and down her slit, this time parting her lips, and opening her wetness to me. I probed deeper with my tongue, opening her pussy to my mouth. I ran my tongue up and down her, from bottom to top, just brushing against her clit, and then back down. I kept this up, as her juices flowed, lapping at them with my tongue. Each time I brushed her clit, she shuddered and moaned. Then I moved to the base of her slit, and with my mouth pressed down on her, slipped my tongue as far into her pussy as it would go. I flicked it in and out, fucking her with my tongue. 

She moaned even more, begging me to eat her harder. I then ran my tongue back up her pussy, and found her clit again. I put my mouth and lips over it, and began to suck at it as my tongue worked it. I moved one hand to her opening and slid my middle finger inside her. She clamped down on it with her cunt muscles as I moved it in and out, fucking her with my finger as my mouth and tongue worked on her clit. Licking and sucking, I kept at her clit and she moaned loudly now, pressing her pussy up against my face. She pressed hard against my mouth, and I could tell she was close to cumming. Sensing this, I moved my mouth and tongue a little faster, helping her along. Suddenly she clamped her pussy down really tight on my finger, and she let out a near scream, and loudly moaned that she was cumming. Her juices flowed freely as she thrust harder against my mouth. I didn't let up as she thrashed and ground her pussy against my face, cumming again. I kept eating and sucking her, working her with my finger. As soon as one orgasm seemed to subside, another would start. 

I kept on, finger fucking her as I sucked at her, until she finally reached down, and pushed me away. She said that was enough, she didn't think she could handle another one right then. But she was right, she kept cumming as long as I kept eating her. I didn't count, but I guessed later, probably seven or eight times. I gently lapped at her pussy now, licking up her juices that had flowed while she was cumming. I moved up beside her, and we kissed, both of us ready for a break. She kissed me, licking my face and cleaning her wetness from face. Then we stretched out for a few minutes. She ran her hand down my stomach, finding my cock, which was at its full hard length again. She said that we would take care of it again as soon as we rested a little while. This was fine with me, and we propped back on the pillows and just relaxed for a while.

Seemingly, her idea of resting was not the same as mine. We had laid back on the bed, but soon turned on our sides toward each other. We talked about this and that, but the whole time we were talking, our hands were casually roaming around. She had a great body, and I was really enjoying touching her. Her breasts were firm, with long nipples when they hardened. We laid there, our bodies almost touching, and slowly explored each other as we talked. We discussed things that we liked and disliked. We found that we both extremely enjoyed oral contact, among other things. My hands continued to caress her breasts and nipples, making her moan softly at times. I let one hand wander down to her belly, running my fingers in and around her belly button. As my hands wandered, so did hers. She ran her hands down, and took hold of my cock. With one hand she played with the head, running her fingers around the head, gently squeezing it. The other hand found my balls, and gently caressed them, softly kneading and playing with them. My cock was again at full hardness. As my fingers wandered lower, and found her clit, she began stroking up and down my cock with her hand. She squeezed a large drop of clear precum from the tip. Using a finger, she took it from the head of my cock, and then raised her finger to her lips, and licked it off. She grinned and said she loved the taste of it. By this time my finger had slipped inside her. Her pussy was already wet and slick with her juices again. I leaned over and we started kissing again, as we continued to play with each other. My mouth moved to a breast and nipple, sucking and gently biting. She moaned and then moved lower, taking my cock again in her mouth. With one hand still on my balls, she engulfed my entire length, then slowly pulled back off of it, leaving it wet with her saliva.

Remembering how much she liked being eaten, I reached and pulled her around into a sixty-nine position. She lowered her pussy to my waiting mouth as she continued to suck on my cock. I parted her lips with my tongue, and started licking and sucking her again, my tongue licking every inch of her slit. I worked her clit as I had done before, my mouth over it, sucking gently, as my tongue flicked against it. I could hear her groaning as she kept sucking and licking my cock. 
