 I had a special surprise planned for my girlfriend, Jane, on one particular Valentine's weekend a few years ago. Valentine's Day fell on a Monday, so people were spreading out their special get-togethers over the weekend before. Friday night was our planned date. We both took the afternoon off to have plenty of time to get ready.

I bought Jane a special outfit to wear on our date. I left the Macy's gift box on her bed after she had gone to work that Friday morning. I wrote her a short love note, put it on the box, and left. I would be picking her up at 6:30.

I went to work on the rest of the plans.

***********

At a little after 6:00 there was a knock at my door. It was the limo driver. His black stretch Town Car was behind him in my driveway. He looked the part. I put the studs in my white tux shirt, splashed on some cologne and left. 

He opened the door for me revealing a rich, deep blue interior with thick, plush carpeted floors, dark leather seats and soft lighting. Very nice. There was a bottle of bubbly chilling in an ice bucket to the side.

"What kind of music would you like?" the driver asked.

"Smooth jazz"

The car glided forward as the smooth sounds of Kenny G's saxophone filled the car. I closed the privacy barrier and settled in my seat taking in the luxurious feel of my surroundings, imagining the steamy romantic evening I had in mind. 

We pulled in front of Jane's house. The driver rang her bell and waited. I watched from my private viewing area. She came to the door wearing her new black dress. It was clingy and came down just below her knees. It had a high vent on one side rising to just below her hip. Her legs, highlighted with the sheerest of black nylon, were teasingly visible as she walked toward me. I could hear the click clack of the heels of her ankle-strapped black pumps. Yum...too classy.

The driver opened the door and Jane poured herself next to me. Her vented dress fell away revealing the sensual curves of her legs. My heart skipped a beat.

"Nice gift." She purred as she caressed her hand over her hips and down her thighs, stroking her stockings. I popped the cork of our champagne and filled our glasses.

We toasted our relationship and settled into some heavy petting. Jane's body was easy on the eyes and a pleasure for the hands. We embraced passionately as our tongues probed deep past each others lips. I caressed her perky breasts as my left hand settled firmly on the back of her neck... fingertips lightly caressing her hairline and behind her ear. 

I slid my right hand under the scooped neckline of her dress making contact with her heaving chest. The dress was a tight, clingy fabric so she went sans a bra - very nice. My fingertips stroked softly around her firm breast. Her breathing deepened as she turned toward me. I stroked soft little circles around her nipples. They perked to attention. 

We continued kissing and stroking for a few minutes... 

deeper breathing... warm tingles. 

I eased my hand out of her dress and stroked my fingertips over her curves... caressing my way down her hourglass waist... slowly over her hip... our tongues rolling around each other.

I made contact with the hem of her dress and slid my fingers sensuously under. They made contact with the smooth feel of her stockings on her upper thigh. I caressed her leg with long, slow strokes... making contact with her knee... forming light circles around the back of her leg... 

slowly working higher... 

meandering around the bottom of her ass to the front of her upper thigh... slowly caressing higher still to her mound.

My fingers made contact with her soft tufts of hair through the sliced open cotton panel of her stockings. She moaned deeply as I dipped a fingertip in. She was oozing with excitement. 

I brought my wet finger to her button and messaged it slowly, using firm small circles. She breathed deep and ground her chest into mine. I eased my finger back into her wetness and eased out. I dipped a second finger in and probed deep messaging her g-spot. She writhed in pleasure.

I eased my well-lubed fingers out of her and brought them to her lips. She kissed them as I messaged her juices into her lips. I slid them into the warm recesses of her mouth... she moaned as she licked and sucked her own horny nectar from my fingers. My cock was throbbing hard as I watched her work on them...I could only imagine what she may want to do with my cock.

Just then the limo stopped. The driver opened the door and we were at our first destination. Jane looked quizzically at me. 

"Italian" I grinned as I got out first. I watched Jane's sexy legs pour out of the limo followed by her petite curvy body. Mmmmmmmmm... Jane took my arm as the driver closed the door behind us. 

We entered the restaurant and went to the lounge. Reservations were in 30 minutes. We sat in a corner booth that offered a little privacy. Jane slid in next to me.

While waiting for our drinks and a table, we noticed lots of couples mingling throughout the lounge. We turned our gaze to each other. My hand slid under the table and made contact with her thigh through the vent in her dress. The feeling of silky smooth nylons on her legs was driving me to think of nothing but licking her pussy through her stockings. I couldn't get the vision from my mind. I gazed in her eyes with increasing desire. We kissed as I made contact again with her exposed mound. She was oozing wet. I eased my fingers into the folds of her pussy and lubed my fingers.

While still lightly kissing her, I brought my wet fingers up and caressed lightly behind her ear... meandering around her jawline... slowly turning my fingers down her neck. The glisten of her juices followed the trail of my fingers from behind her ear to just above her cleavage. The scent of arousal. She moaned lightly in pleasure as I retraced the path back to behind her ear.

I eased back and surveyed the lounge scene. Jane's hand was rubbing high up my thigh... brushing against the bulge straining against my black jeans. I could tell she wanted to get her hand around it. 

We noticed a couple at the end of the bar. They were making out. While they were kissing, the woman was watching us out of the corner of her eye. She didn't see me spotting her, but I could tell she enjoyed the suggestive show.

By now the waiter was at our booth uncorking the wine. After pouring our glasses, he left. I glanced back to the couple at the bar. The man had his hand firmly planted between his date's thighs. I saw her eyes close as he pressed his fingers into her. It wasn't obvious - the woman was wearing a fluffy full-length skirt and the man's hand was well hidden by her jacket on the back of her barstool. 

I glanced back to Jane. She was watching, too. 

"Voyeur" I whispered in her ear as I put her hand into the opening of my pocket. I pressed her wrist forward to go further. She was puzzled at first, then her face gave way to a grin of delight as she discovered I had completely cut out the pocket. Her hand slithered immediately to my stiff cock. She started a slow stroking action with her fingers. No one could tell what was going on because of the dim lighting and my dark pants (or so I thought).

I glanced over to the pair at the bar. The guy was gone and the woman was by herself looking our way.

I got up to use the men's room. As I entered, the guy from the bar was coming out. He held the door open.

"Thanks."

He nodded and went on his way.

On the way back I checked to see how long before a table would open. 

"Well... a lot of couples want to wait for the dueces. It'll probably be another 30 to 40 minutes... but, we can seat you now if you don't mind a larger table. It's more private..."

I glanced back to where she was pointing. 

"Perfect..." I said. 

It was toward the far end of the dining room with candle light and subdued lighting. The section was for larger tables. There were high plants arranged in a manner that added to the privacy of the seating.

I went back to the booth. Jane was gone... "ladies room" I thought.

I sat and sipped on the last of my wine. The couple at the bar were leaving to be seated. They had their hands all over each other. Handsome couple with nice bodies.

I went to wait at the hostess station to catch Jane on her way back to the lounge. 

"Hey you..." she said as she tapped me on the shoulder.

"Where did you go?" I asked

"Oh... just seeing what kind of trouble I could get into" she purred as she nestled up to me.

Hmmmm... 

We were seated at the table in back. The other couple were seated at a table to an angle from ours. We were the only people in that area... not as private as I thought, but better than planned. The tables were large with two lit candles and flower arrangements on top. A deep red table cloth draped seductively to the floor. Nice for privacy I thought as I held the chair for Jane. I gave her ass a nice stroke as she sat down... my fingers gliding over the fabric of her dress. I noticed the other couple studying their menus.

I sat next to Jane at an angle to the other couple. 

The ambiance was seductively romantic. 

By the time we were well into our appetizers and bottle of wine, Jane had her hand in my pocket stroking my cock. I was caressing her legs enjoying the feel of silk stockings... stroking higher and messaging her button. She squirmed her ass in the chair as I messaged her button... oozing wet. A couple of times I brought my fingers to my tongue and seductively licked her juices off. I then leaned forward to kiss her with passion. Her chest heaved with deep breaths as her excitement increased. She had the look of sultry arousal. 

I occasionally glanced over to the other couple. They were totally enjoying each other's affections, too. I would catch them spying on us every once in a while. I could only imagine what they were doing under the table. The arousal was increasing as we fed off each other's voyeurism... driving us to higher levels of excitement.

About that time the other woman got up and left. Jane thought she would go to the ladies room as well. I watched them both walk away... lost in my erotic thoughts of what I would love to do to excite her and pleasure her fully. Perfect legs. I was beyond horny for my woman. I could tell the other guy was, too. It was obvious we were aware of each other's intentions with the perfect setting to indulge.

A thought entered my mind. 

I waved the other guy over. He pulled up a chair. 

"Sultry woman you have..."

"Yours is smokin', too... "

"Thanks... care to join us?"

He motioned for the waiter to move their settings to our table. Ours was more private.

We spotted the girls walking back together. They were chatting and laughing. As they got to our area, they were amused by the new setting.

"Funny... we were just talking about the same thing."

We sat down and refilled our glasses. Dinner came shortly after and conversation settled on Valentine's Day and relationships. As we talked, I had my hand on Jane's lap. My fingertips were at her mound. My little finger was lightly messaging her opening through her stockings as we talked to the other couple. I continued the small caressing movements for a few minutes. Jane was breathing heavier... trying to concentrate on what we were saying. Her chest was heaving a little as she lightly rocked to the rhythm of her clitoral massage. The look on her face was one of indulgence... the other couple sensed it too. 

Jane let out a labored sigh and turned her legs away. "Anyone want a refill?" she asked as she reached for the bottle in an attempt to regain some composure. 

After dinner, we got desserts. By now the other couple was as playfully aroused as we were. He had his hand under the table and so did she. He kept checking out Jane. I left to go to the men's room. I was so stiff... my cock was wet with the slick nectar of precum. Mmmmm... Couldn't wait to ease it into Jane's tight, wet love tunnel...

I went back to the table. The guy was gone but the ladies were there looking a bit flushed. Fresh coffee with brandy and whipped cream was poured. The other woman captured my attention and held it. She had deep brown eyes and full, cupid-bow lips. They glistened in the candle light. Long brown hair fell past her shoulders. She looked directly in my eyes...keeping me fixed. 

She slowly pulled at the top snap of her blouse... 

click... 

then another... 

click... 

I was mesmerized as I gazed at her slowly heaving cleavage... click... 

she fondled her hair giving me a coy smile.

I glanced back at Jane. She gazed at me with a slightly distant look. Her breathing was deep. She was leaning back slightly in her chair sitting on the edge. Her right leg was pressed against mine. I leaned forward to kiss her. She plunged her tongue into me with horny abandon. Mmmmm... She had that distinctive horny taste that excites me...

Just then, I felt a hand at the opening of my right pocket... it eased in feeling its way to my cock. It throbbed to attention at the touch. I reached down and felt the hand of the other woman slowly stroking me through my open pocket. I moaned and looked over at her. Jane must have mentioned our secret... bad girl. 

She licked her lips and winked at me while leaning toward me. She reached behind my head with her other hand and pulled me forward. Before I could react, she had locked her glistening lips onto mine... her tongue plunged deep to the roof of my mouth. I glanced over to Jane. Her eyes were half closed... she was rocking slightly in her chair. Beads of sweat were on her forehead... breathing deep... I reached my hand under the table to her lap. I felt the hair of the other man nestled tightly between Jane's thighs. He was giving her a thorough tongue fucking through her pantyhose... and she was loving it... 

Very nice.

I turned my attention to the other woman. By now she had my cock free and had a nice stroking rhythm going. I eased my hand under the table and worked it under her skirt. I stroked her legs... 

she kissed me close... heavy breathing... panting... 

My fingers slid easily on the silky texture of her nylons. I stroked higher... reaching her inner thigh... caressing the soft fabric...

higher still to her opening... 

I stroked my fingers up and down her slit through the flimsy fabric of her pantyhose. She moaned with pleasure as I probed in... feeling her steamy wetness... the heat... sensing her arousal... she met my touch with a forward rocking of her hips. I stroked little circles around her button as her wetness made things slippery. 

I pushed harder on her button...

her tongue continued to plunge deep in my mouth... 

heavy breathing... 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw our waiter making his way to our section. I stopped and turned away from my consort. I poked at Jane in warning. She let out a frustrated sigh and gained her composure somewhat.

"Will there be anything else?" he asked, looking around.

"Another round of coffee and brandy." I said.

"We really shouldn't," the other woman said with a slight slur, "we have a long drive".

"Don't worry, we can give you a lift... we've got a limo, driver, and plenty of room."

The waiter left and the man joined us from under the table. He looked me in the eye, "Lucky man you are" he said with a glisten on his nose and lips

"Thanks... so are you" I said as I glanced at the cleavage peeking out from the mostly unsnapped blouse of the woman I was groping. 

"Your turn?" He asked as he pushed a clean steak knife to me.

"Don't mind if I do." I said as I grabbed the steak knife and slithered under the table. I knew what he wanted.

I surveyed the scene. Two pair of sexy women's legs covered in the sleek sheen of stockings. First stop - Jane. 

I settled between her knees and eased her legs apart. I could see the wetness oozing down her slit from the licking she just received. I slowly kissed and licked my way up her inner thighs making my way to her opening. The scent was of deep arousal. I darted my tongue out to her pussy and licked at her juices through her stockings. She was wet and slick. I could taste her horniness. I probed deeply into her and nibbled on her button for a while... just to keep her on edge. I eased back and pushed her legs together then turned to the other set of curvy legs behind me. 

***********

I position myself in front of her knees... placing my fingertips at her ankles caressing my way up her calves. I lean forward and kiss the area just above her knees while my fingertips make light, circular motions with the sensitive area behind them. I ease her legs apart and work higher. Her stockings are a sheer buff with a thin tan line racing up the back. 

I ease forward, hiking her skirt up. Licking... sucking... kissing... as I make my way... 

taking my time... building her anticipation... 

her excitement. 

I eventually reach her mound... I lean forward. My nose picks up the scent of a sweet perfume. My lips make contact with hers... I kiss her wetness through the thin covering of her stockings... I press my tongue onto her clit area and suck lightly... 

increasing the pressure as I try to probe... 

my tongue licks down... 

then up... 

eventually working its way up and down the full length of her opening. Her nylons are getting wet as I taste her oozing arousal. She eases her hips forward and spreads her legs wider, allowing for easier access. It actually tightens the fabric and makes it harder to probe deep.

I bring my fingers up and insert them into her as I continue to suck and lick on her button. She's rocking toward me to meet my every thrust. 

I probe deeper... 

feeling her wetness... 

probing one finger in... 

then out... deeper... 

flimsy nylons tugging, pulling. 

A second finger... 

pushing... messaging as I enter... 

tugging against the stockings... 

in a little... out a little... 

deeper... 

pushing...

She pushes back... soft moans. 

I push harder. Three fingers now. Tips at her opening... 

stockings soaked... 

pussy puffy and ready... 

oozing wetness... 

I start to push with my fingers... sucking harder on her clit... 

squeezing it gently with my teeth and lips... 

fingers twisting and turning... working their way in... 

easing out... 

screwing in again... a little at a time... 

I pull out... then twist in again... getting deeper... 

struggling against the nylon... 

I pull my fingers out and pinch a piece of her stockings between my fingers. I pull it away from her opening and push the steak knife through the fabric. The fabric gives way to the blade.

I drop the knife and probe my tongue into her wet opening through the small hole. I hear sound of fabric tearing as I pull the hole wider... sliding a finger into her... massaging her g-spot...

Fabric giving way as the hole tears larger. Two fingers messaging her slick opening... I ease in... probing deeper. I spread her apart sucking and licking her exposed button. I lick lower on her... my tongue meandering around the soft, delicate folds of her opening. I work my tongue in and out of her... alternating between the soft folds and the stiff pink button... she grinds towards me writhing in pleasure. She reaches down and pulls me tighter into her.

I hear the waiter and freeze.

He leaves. I come up for air. The other woman has a glazed look in her eyes. She reaches over and pulls me towards her. She locks her lips onto mine and kisses me feverishly. I can't wait to leave and have some privacy. The other couple feels the same. 

The ladies hit the bathroom and we left to wait outside.

Completely dark now. Cool breeze. 

The limo driver sees me from across the lot and pulls up just as the ladies are coming out. I watch the women pour their legs into the car. It's an arousing vision.
