 Valentine's Day is usually the day that my baby caters to and pamper me, but this year it's all about him. Valentine's Day is going to start for him from the moment I wake up until I put him to sleep tonight. He is going to have an awesome day!!!

It's 6:30 am, 30 minutes before my love has to get up for work. I have a big smile on my face as I fix a huge breakfast for him (eggs & cheese, oatmeal, waffles, sausage, bacon, home fries and orange juice) that will hold him over until lunch time.

As I take the tray with all of the food to the bed, I take a moment to watch him sleeping. He is so freaking sexy... even in his sleep! I feel a twinge start in my belly and end in my pussy but I shake it off; it's not about me today. I put the tray on the nightstand and crawl under the covers heading down to his already piss-hard dick. His dick is just amazing!! It is the most beautiful ...

"Calm down girl!" I say to myself. I gently lick the tip of his dick and I feel him stir. I take the head completely in my mouth and just hold it there while I leisurely run my tongue around the underside of the cap. His hands come down and rub my head as I start going up and down on his shaft. I hear him groan deep in his throat and I know he needs to go pee, but OMG it's so good! I finally peep out from under the covers and look at him in his sleepy eyes.

"Good morning, baby. I made you breakfast," I tell him, smiling.

He gives me the most loving lopsided smile and pulls me up to give me a tight good morning hug as a thank you.

I whisper, "Happy Valentine's Day" in his ear and he cups my bare bottom.

"No, baby. You need to eat and get ready for work," I jokingly rebuke him. He gives a little whimper and then dives into the tray of food that I put in his lap. While I watch him eat, my mind goes back to how he dove into my pussy last night and ate it like a man starving. Um, um, um, good times!!

As My Love takes his shower, I make some last minute phone calls to finalize my plans for his day. As I'm finishing up my last call, he comes out of the bathroom dripping water on the floor in his full glorious nakedness. I wonder how did I get so lucky to have this sexy ass man all to myself. I am far from fit and in shape, but this hunk of a man with a body like a Greek god loves me and loves my body.

I watch him move about the room getting dressed and feel my nipples getting hard. I open my legs and run my finger down my slit. I am soaking wet just from watching him. He looks over at me and tells me to take my t-shirt off so he can see my whole body. I take it off and lean back in the chair. I notice that there is a bulge beginning in his slacks. I tell him to pull his dick out so he doesn't leak on the inside of his trousers. He comes and stands directly in front of me with his dick sticking straight out the fly of his pants, right at eye level. My finger moves slowly around my pussy getting the lips and the clit extremely wet.

He reaches over and tweaks my nipple sending shockwaves through my body. My nipples are like little rocks and he rolls them between his fingers. My eyes are locked on his cock floating right in front of my face. I lick my lips but I restrain myself from engulfing it in my hot mouth. My fingers are plunging in and out of my pussy so fast and so hard that I can hear my juices making loud squishing noises. When he lifts my 40D tit and shoves the nipple in my mouth, I can't hold it back anymore. My finger brutally rubs my clit and I scream around the nipple in my mouth, pulling on it like I'm trying to rip it off.

I see his hand move to his dick, but I push it away as I'm calming down. I kiss the tip of his dick and tell you, "No touching today, Love. You can only touch it to shake it off after you pee."

I lean back in the chair wiping sweat off my forehead. He pulls my hand to his mouth and licks my juices off, sucking on my fingers. I hear him moan as he looks at his watch and backs away from me, struggling to tuck his still hard cock back in his pants. There is one drop of clear moisture sitting on the tip and as he wipes it off with a finger, I crawl over to him with my mouth open so he can feed that sweet nectar to me.

When he finally leaves, I get my phone and take a picture of my still hard nipples and send it to him with a caption that says, "More to come tonight". I start my day with a smirk on my face, thinking about the torture I plan to subject him to today. But in the midst of torturing you, I will be torturing myself as well. The only difference is that I can relieve myself as often as I like today.

I get dressed to go out and pick up the things I have ordered for him today. My first stop is Frederick's of Hollywood. My baby loves seeing me in the lingerie I get from this store. Usually he sees it after I get it home, but today is his special day.

My girl, June, greets me at the door. She is my best friend and we have been through a lot together. She is 4'11, new 36C boobs and a little compact body that she always pours into all of her clothes. June has agreed to help me "try on" my new Valentine outfit. I get my things from the saleswoman and we head to the dressing room, which is big enough for the both of us to go in and the fun begins.

As I take off my clothes June says, "I didn't realize your tits were that pretty. Can I touch them?"

My mind starts working ... my love has always wanted to see me with another woman but I have always refused.

"Ok", I reply, "but you have to take a picture of your hand on them so I can send it to My Love."

June places her hand on my bra-covered breast gently squeezing it and then takes a picture with my phone. I push her hand away and grab the phone. That is a nice pic so I send it to his phone. I can just imagine the look on his face when he sees a woman's hand on my tit. I take my bra off and I heard June suck in her breath. When I look at her she is staring at my large nipples with her mouth open.

She says, "I'm not gay or anything but I have the sudden urge to suck your nipple. Can I?"

She reaches out and touches my nipple with her finger and I say, "Take a picture."

She snaps a picture of her fingers pinching my nipple and again I send it to him. She asks again, "Can I? Please?"

I think to myself, "Well, that can't hurt anything" and I say, "OK".

Without taking her eyes off my tit, she slowly sticks her tongue out and flicks my nipple. Let me just say that I love having my tits played with, especially my nipples, so when she touches my nipple it instantly stands up. I take a picture with her tongue touching just the tip of the nipple and send it to him.

June then starts sucking on my nipple and I begin moaning. There is a knock at the door and the saleswoman asking if everything is ok. June and I giggle and say everything is fine and the lady walks off.

We laugh some more and I try on a lacy outfit that shows off my nipples and my ass. I have June take some more pics and I send them to him. June then suggests that she take a pic of me sitting on the bench in the dressing room with my leg up. We take a few pics in that pose, then I stand and lean over with both hands on the bench and looking back over my shoulder.

June pauses in taking the pics and I ask if something is wrong. She says no and goes back to snapping. At one point I feel June push my panties to the side showing my ass hole. I get real still wondering what she will do next. Then I feel her finger run down my crack to my pussy and back. I whisper to her to take a picture of that. She quickly complies. I wonder just how far she will go but don't have to wonder long as she slowly sinks a finger inside my wet pussy. I must admit, it feels really good. She takes another pic of that and then whispers that she wants to lick me.

Before I can say anything, my phone rings. When I answer my Love says, "I could cut diamonds with my dick right now! What are you doing and whose hand is that?? Who's taking the pics?"

I just give him a sexy laugh, tell him to have a good day and hang up. I look at my watch and realize it's his lunch break. He should be receiving a fruit bouquet right about now with a sexy note explaining what I want to do to him. Shortly thereafter, I get a pic from him with the fruit bouquet in his lap beside his hard naked dick. That puts a big smile on my face.

Still in my new lingerie, I look back at June and tell her I can't let her lick me because I have to save all of my energy for tonight. She understands and as we go to lunch, I describe her the night I have planned for my lover. She says I'm getting her even more excited than she already is and needs to go release some tension.

When I get home, I begin to get ready for the evening ahead. I take a nice hot shower to relax myself from the tension June has built up inside of me. When I get out of the shower, I grab my phone and take a picture of my naked body in the steam-covered full-length mirror. The picture shows just enough of my body so that my love will have to use his imagination and memories to fill in the blanks.

I send the picture with the caption, "I will be waiting for you outside your office just like this."

My love sends back, "You are killing me."

The limo I have hired picks me up. I'm wearing a trench coat and red 4" heels. When we pull up to his office building my Love is just walking out. I open the door and open my coat as I start to get out of the car; he rushes over looking around and pushes me back inside. He can't believe that I was about to get out of the limo in just my new lacy lingerie and my heels. I laugh at him as we pull off from the curb.

I crawl across to him straddling his lap and kissing his neck and face. He is concerned about the driver seeing us and I tell him that is what I want. I capture his lips with mine and I can feel him getting hard in his pants. His big hands roam up and down my back as I push my tits into his chest, feeling my nipples getting hard again. He starts kissing down my neck and I lean back as his hands cup my ass. He kisses across the top of my breasts and places his hands at my waist pulling my chest into his face. I run my hands through his curly hair loving the feel of his mouth on me.

He unsnaps my bra and pushes the straps down my arms releasing my tits for his pleasure. The overhead light in the car comes on and he stops. I tell him not to worry, that the driver wants to get a better view. He looks at me funny and then looks at my nipples, realizing that he can see them better now; he sucks my nipple into his mouth causing me to yelp in surprise. Then he pushes my tits together and takes turns sucking on each nipple until he puts both in his mouth at the same time. I watch him play with my breasts and it makes my pussy juice up.

Then he pushes me away from him and directs me to get on my knees on the seat, facing the back of the car. I hear him talking to the driver about the way the panties hug my ass and go up my crack. When he asks the driver if he wants to see my pussy, of course he say yes. My love pulls the lace to the side and I feel the car run off the road a little. He and the driver talk about how pretty and how wet my pussy has gotten. My Love tells the driver how tight my ass is and how my pussy grips his dick. The more they talk the wetter I get.

He finally touches me with his finger and I bury my face in the leather seat, smelling his cologne where he has been sitting. He puts his hand on my backside, covering my pussy and ass with his fingers and rubbing my clit with his thumb. I suddenly come out of my stupor and remember that this is his day and he almost turned the tables on me.

I get up and tell him to sit back down. I get on my knees between his legs and pull his rock hard dick from his pants. I put my ass in the air so that the driver can have a good view through the rear-view mirror. I tenderly run my hand up and down my Love's manhood, savouring the sweaty smell of him; he can feel my breath on him and tries to push my mouth onto his cock head, but I'm not ready for that yet. I want to tease until he begs for my mouth.

I kiss all around the base of his dick and then up his flat belly unbuttoning his shirt on my way up to his chest. Once I open his shirt, I place one hand on his balls and use the other to play with his nipples while I suck on his lips. I then kiss back down, my lips and tongue replacing my fingers on his nipples. This makes him squirm in the seat and groan deep in his throat.

After a few minutes on his nipples, I move back down to his groin. Placing my lips on his balls I ask if he likes it.

He says, "You know I love everything you do. Why don't you suck it a little, baby?"

I continue to suck and lick on his balls, sucking them in my mouth one at a time. Again he says, "Please baby, put it in your mouth."

His hips are humping the air involuntarily. I smile and slowly kiss my way up to the tip of his dick and lick back down the other side. He moans and grabs my head. I open my mouth and he stuffs it full of his dick, holding my head still as he slowly pushes inch after inch down towards my throat. I feel myself about to gag and he stops, letting me get used to the feel and then starts pushing again until the whole 7 inches are all the way in my throat.

He slowly pulls my mouth off of him until just the head is in, then he pushes my head back down. This time he only lifts my head a little and starts pumping his dick in and out of my throat. I try to swallow and the contraction of my throat makes him grip my head even tighter and pump even faster. I feel his dick swell in my throat and I swallow again.

This time it is too much for him, with the morning tease and the pics I have been sending all day. He shoots his cum in my throat and I feel his dick pulsing as his balls empty. I can't swallow because his dick is in my throat, so his cum bubbles out of my mouth and spills down the sides of his dick. He starts to soften and I pull off of his dick. I lick up as much of the cum as I possibly can from his dick and his balls.

I notice that the car has stopped and realize that we are in front of our house. I look at the driver and his softening dick is hanging out of his pants as he is cleaning up his cum. I smile at my baby and tell him this is not the end of his special night. There is more to cum.