 I was stranded! And I couldn't believe my luck. The entire morning had been rush rush rush...and here I stand beside a man who had already rubbed me the wrong way on several occasions, yet he was still practically a stranger. Yes, I had seen him at other meetings throughout the past few months, and with each encounter I came away feeling that I would dearly love to get him alone one day and tell him exactly what I thought of him. Well, needless to say that old proverb of "Be careful what you wish for" popped into my mind, for here I stood with the most arrogant...and the most good looking man I had ever had the misfortune to run across. Why did this have to happen on Valentine's Day...of all days!

It had been raining as I parked my car and ran into the fifteen-story building. The meeting was to start promptly at nine-o'clock. I nearly dropped my briefcase and my whole week of preparations to present. I panicked as I grabbed it and dashed into the building literally running across the lobby to catch the elevator. I felt like a drowned rat as I breathed a sigh of relief knowing that I would make it in time.

The elevator was crowded and seemed to crawl through each floor slower than what I remembered from this building...one, two, three...and finally stopping at the sixth floor leaving just me and one other person. I looked over and couldn't believe it was 'him'! 'Of all the luck' I thought to myself. It would have to be the one person I could not stand. As usual he had an arrogant air and I could feel myself bristling as a cat arching it's back. He acted as though I were not even there.

Suddenly, as the doors closed and the elevator started to move on its way up to the ninth floor...it jerked several times and finally stopped...no movement now at all. I know the sheer horror must have shown on my face. My eyes widened as I looked over at him. I could see the sudden alarm on his face as well

I hated elevators to begin with, actually I hated any type of confinement. I have always been this way and now I could feel myself shaking as I leaned against the metal wall and held onto the rail. He watched me and then spoke. His tone surprised me for he was not the egotistical and usual disgusting person as in the previous meetings. He showed genuine concern.

"I'm sure this is temporary. Things like this happen all the time." He tried to smile but it didn't quite reach through my fear.

"Ummmm do...do you think we should use the phone...you know...to call for help?"

He continued to smile and said, "Yes, that's a good idea."

I held my briefcase even closer to me as if it could somehow save me from this situation. Instinctively I backed away from his closeness, although there really was not far to go in the confines of an elevator. He smiled at my discomfort of his nearness. I couldn't help but think...'If you only knew how I felt about you.' He was once again the 'take charge' guy as he attempted several times to use the phone that hung securely on the wall in the box. But for some reason it was not working. He tried and tried and slammed it down with a few expletives about "damn equipment".

He turned to look at me and calmed down a bit. "Guess we'll have to wait to be rescued."

I nodded at him and as he reached out to take my briefcase, I could feel myself physically shaking with tears threatening.

"My name is Lance," he said pointing to the top of the elevator..."Just like the name of this broken down piece of shit. I know I've seen you at meetings before but we've not been properly introduced." He smiled and suddenly he seemed like a totally different person than he did standing before an entire room of people expressing his opinions.

Although I couldn't quite smile, I took his extended hand... which was so strong and warm.

"Hi back...I'm Elaine."

He set my briefcase down beside of his and he could still see the fear and my discomfort.

"Afraid of elevators...or is it me?"

I was stunned at his question making me even more aware that he knew I had found him quite offensive in the past.

"I, ummm I..." What was wrong with me? I couldn't even seem to talk to the man. His effect on me was different from the past...or was it? For I had always found him attractive but then, I had never been quite 'this' close to him either. He had the most gorgeous looking eyes that made me want to melt. Yes, the elevator situation definitely had unnerved me, but not nearly as much as being this close to a man that I abhorred only to realize that the 'fine line' between not liking and liking someone had been so thin. I was attracted to him and never would admit it to myself.

When I looked back up into his eyes, it was if he could tell all the emotions that were going on within my head. His smile said a lot. What I didn't realize was that he too found me quite attractive...and he was looking at my trembling lips now. I would start to speak, and then stop. He took a step closer to me and reached out to hold me. I welcomed his arms for I was scared, but now, as he held me...everything felt 'right'. And I realized that the only real thing to be afraid of ...was myself...my feelings and what he brought out in me. My heart was beating faster and faster. I was still shaking, but not from fear. Did he know 'why' I was so nervous?

His arms continued to hold me and then I felt his hand rubbing up and down my back making me relax and welcome his touch. I had my eyes closed as I leaned against him never realizing that he was watching me in the reflective metal as he soothed and comforted me. He pulled me with him as he took several steps backward and leaned against the wall. I did not see his face ...but his hands began to move up and down my back...moving to my hips. I moved slightly as one hand began to play with my hair. Did I moan? Or was it my imagination?

He began to caress and touch my face...my lips...as our eyes met and held. His smile disappeared as he looked at my lips and began tracing them with his index finger again. He still looked deep into my eyes. His voice, so soft that I barely heard him whisper...

"You have no idea how many times I've thought of holding you like this."

I know the surprise showed on my face as I parted my lips to speak. He held his finger on them as if to say "shhhhhh". I continued to look into his eyes, and unable to pull away from him my eyes shifted to his lips again. My eyes deepened then, realizing that he too had felt similar emotions.

He continued to talk...almost as if to himself ..."You always seemed so aloof, untouchable. As if, if I had done something to offend you. And I hoped for the day, to finally come...to show you that you were wrong about me."

I didn't need to say anything...for he was right and knew it. I lowered my head at this for I think it had hurt him for me being so judgmental of him. 

He smiled as he lifted me by my chin to once again meet his eyes. I blushed and he chuckled and pulled me close again. His lips kissing my hair while his hands moved against me telling me he was okay with the past...all that mattered was the present.

His lips moved closer and closer to my own ...and the moment they touched my arms went around him invitingly...welcoming his touch even more. No longer was I afraid as he kissed me...exploring my warm mouth with his tongue...gently biting on my lower lip...causing me to moan for more. He slowly pulled his lips from mine and looked into my eyes...which were deep blue with desire.

"You know I want you...here...now," he slowly whispered. 

I did not hesitate as his hands began to roam over me once again while he held me firmly against him...his leg slowly separating my own as I balanced upon his leg...his hands began to unbutton my blouse. He looked into my eyes...and I could sense that if I had asked him to stop...he would have. But I needed him at this moment as much as he needed me...wanted him...for the passions that had lain dormant for this man had now been unleashed. As he pushed my blouse open...he moaned and whispered ":beautiful". And then he bent his head to begin kissing my breasts while still firmly holding me close. My head arched backwards as I enjoyed the pure bliss his kisses brought... his tongue teased its way to my nipples...tasting them through my sheer lace bra...as they hardened against his warm mouth and tongue.

"Ahhhh baby, exquisite beauties..." he softly moaned as he slowly removed my blouse. He turned me around in his arms as he pulled my back against him and leaned close to my ear. "Look my luv," he motioned and I was surprised to see how much of a reflection the walls allowed. I watched his hands begin again to caress my breasts ...my body... and then sliding inside my bra. "ahhhhhh yessssss" I moaned as I watched him teasing me. "mmmmmmmm". He smiled...as did I. He felt soooooo good...teasing me like this while I watched...seeing the way my body was reacting to him.

He unhooked my bra and pushed it off my breasts. His hands quickly began to tease my bare skin...causing goosebumps and making my nipples incredibly hard. His fingers teased for the longest time...pinching...gently pulling...causing me to moan louder. I could feel the effect all this teasing was having on my pussy for I was so wet now. And my legs were beginning to weaken.

He then moved from behind me...and pushed me back against the cold wall. I watched his tongue begin to circle my breasts...my nipples..."Ahhhhhhhhhh"...how could I help but moan for he was bringing me to such a point of release that I began to move my hips with need for more. I watched his reflection...the way he kissed...fondled...teased... building my fire to a raging inferno. 

"Tell me what you want baby...what you need..." he hoarsely whispered. 

I could not speak...for I was gasping...moaning...

And then I felt his hand began to caress my leg...moving higher and higher up my short black skirt. Finally his fingers found my silk thong panties...easily moving around to caress my bare ass. I heard him moan as his fingers moved lower and slid inside panties. I was so wet now...on fire and so close to cumming. He continued to suck on my nipples while his fingers teased my smooth nether lips...my engorged clit...and he was literally holding me up against the wall as he pushed my legs open further and his fingers found the warmth they sought.

'Tell me...what...you...want..." he again whispered as he teased and teased. 

"I...I,,,ooooooooooo...pleassssseeeeeeee...I...need..."

"You need what baby...this?" he asked as he inserted another finger inside my throbbing pussy.

"Yessssssssssssss," I screamed "yessssssss ahhhhh pleaseeeeee..."

He quickly moved down on his knees and lifted my skirt...as I moaned encouraging him more. His tongue quickly probing inside my hot wet pussy...caused me to begin cumming within minutes. He then moved up and begun sucking on my clit...while he moved his fingers back inside...teasing the very depths of my pussy...causing more sweet sensations to begin. I moaned and moved my hips against his fingers as I begged him ...for...more...

He teased and teased me until I was cumming again...that familiar tightening around his fingers and still he sucked on me while his fingers continued their in and out motion. My pussy lips were now swollen as well as wet. I still had my eyes closed as he spoke softly...

"Here baby," he said as he reached for my hand and guided it to his pants. He was so very hard...and all I wanted ...was to suck on him now...give him the very same pleasure he had just given me.

I rubbed him through his pants...feeling him grow harder. As he moaned, I began to unzip his pants, while at the same time turning and pushing him against the wall so he could watch. My nipples were still so sensitive ...and he reached out to caress them while I pushed his pants all the way off his hips...instantly releasing his erect cock. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned as I looked at how enormous he was. I looked into his eyes and back to his cock.

"Suck it baby..." his voice was hypnotizing but I needed no encouragement as my hand wrapped around him...stroking and caressing him. I moved closer and bent over to rub my breasts and nipples over his cock...and was rewarded by his moans of pleasure once again. I teased him just as he had done...taking my breasts and slowly rubbing it back and forth, back and forth...moving my nipple around the head of his cock. He grew even harder!

I felt his hand reaching under my skirt while I continued to play with his hard cock... bending over to taste him now...gave him better access to my pussy. He watched as I sucked on him...taking him slowly in my mouth...as his cock disappeared further inside. He moved ...wanting me to take more of him...but I wouldn't ...not yet. I wanted to drive him as crazy as he had done to me. His finger teased my ass down to my pussy...causing me to wiggle against his finger...and was soon joined by another finger. He felt...so...good. 

"AAahhhhhhhh" I moaned as my hand began stroking and pumping his cock while my mouth continued to take more of his huge cock...deeper and deeper his cock disappeared. He watched in the reflection as he fingered my pussy...my hand slipping to caress his balls...and ass...and the other hand pumping his hard cock. I moaned around his cock making vibrations while my tongue teased around and around...then I started an in and out pattern alternating with sucking him in... while at the same time I was pulling him out of my hot wet mouth. 

"Mmmmmmmm," he moaned ..."Yesssssss ohhhh baby that's good...yesssssss do that more...ahhhhhhhhhhh..." 

His hips began to buck against my face as he swelled. I was now devouring his cock as deeply as possible...feeling him so far in my throat...I heard him as if through a haze as my lust filled brain guided my body the he wanted.

"Yesssss oh baby, down on your knees...yes that's it ...now suck me...I'm ...ahhh baby I'mmm so close...yesss, I'mmm ..."

He didn't say another word as I pulled away from him...he stood there with his hard cock jerking...needing release...but I wanted him to wait...I had to feel him inside my hot pussy...

He looked quite stunned as he realized what I was doing...why I pulled back...what I needed. I know I had to look a sight to him...standing before him panting... my breasts heaving from the fires that were raging in me. Tears even covered my eyes for I had never needed anyone as I did him at this moment. I could not even speak...I opened my mouth, but no words would come out.

"You want my hard cock inside you...don't you?" His voice was so deep...with need... with desire...with lust. "Then turn around...give my you glorious pussy baby."

I turned and held onto the rail as I bent over while he lifted my skirt. He rubbed my pussy slowly with his fingers and moaned as he felt how hot I was...how wet. He looked at me in the reflection while he continued to work his fingers over my pussy... I moaned more and pushed against him...oh how I wanted him to fuck me. 

"Pleaseeeeeee..." Was that 'my' voice begging him again? As he moved behind me...I moaned and closed my eyes...he felt so incredibly huge as he pushed his hard cock in me slowly...very very slowly as he held my hips and still watched my face. I opened my eyes and looked into his...as he began to move in...and...out...in...and...out. 

"Mmmmmm you feel so good baby..." he murmured as his hands came around to hold my breasts...thumbs teasing both my nipples...while he continued to fill me only to pull away and hold himself back...just barely allowing the tip of his cock inside my swollen pussy. 

He was driving me wild...and he knew it...I could see it in his eyes. Without warning he plunged his hard cock in me completely...and again...was still allowing me to feel his entire length...ahhhhh yes he felt so good.

He pulled me up against him...while his hard cock was buried in me. He whispered...

"Slide your legs further apart baby..." and I did. My high heels allowing ample height. Then he didn't move as he continued to talk to me softly...coaxingly...

"You look absolutely stunning...breasts bare...nipples hard...wanting to be teased... .legs open...wide...mmmmmm...as my hard cock is buried deep in your pussy."

He lifted my skirt in front while he teased my clit..."Watch baby...watch how your body reacts..."

The walls reflected all he said...and made me not only 'feel' how alive he made me... but also allowed me to 'see' my reactions fully...see what he saw...how much of a turn on it was for him to watch me react to his sensuous touching. He continued talking while he teased me...

"See how hard your nipples are...how they ache to be touched?...Feel my hard cock in your pussy," he reached further...spreading my pussy lips open more and yes...seeing his cock inside me ...made me moan...and he reached to kiss my shoulder ...then suddenly pushed me against the wall while he began to fuck me harder...harder...and faster. 

My hands rested on the walls as his hips plunged against my ass...his moans now matching my own...our sounds of "yesssss mmmmmmm ahhhhhhh's" bounced off the walls... as we both reached that pinnacle of release at the same moment...I could feel his cock spurting deep within me as I cumm hard...so hard that had he not been holding me...I would surely have collapsed. 

He continued to hold me close for a few minutes as our breathing began to return to normal. He kissed my shoulder again and when I looked up...I saw that he was as flushed as I.

"Ahhhh my dear...absolutely awesome."

Then we felt the elevator jerk...which immediately brought us back to the realization of where we were as we scrambled to dress. He was dressed before me and he reached to help finish buttoning my blouse...giving me a quick passionate kiss. As he smiled into my eyes...he spoke...

"Guess we've missed the meeting...but it was well worth it."

The elevator began to move again. As the doors opened, he slipped a small business card in my hand. 

"Call me later...we need to continue this...somewhere a little more private. Happy Valentine's Day." 

He winked at me as I watched him walk quickly down the hall, and I headed in the opposite direction.