 Note: This is the third story in the Lockwinnock trilogy. It is suggested that the reader read the other two stories in order to fully understand the story context. The author hopes that these fictional stories have provided entertainment and comments are invited.

A sweet smile had convinced the bus driver to let her off at the round about. The ride down from Paisley to Glasgow had taken longer than she had expected. The bus had stopped at every nook and cranny. With only two short blocks to go, Beth extended the handle on her wheeled overnight bag and started to walk.

The dampness of the sidewalks glistened in the light from the streetlights. The raw wind that blew in from the Clyde brought a hint of weather to come. Arriving at the front door of the apartment building, she was chilled. Beth pushed the buzzer to his apartment and waited. The wind tugged at her overcoat, her nose began to run, and she desperately needed to pee. She forcefully pushed the buzzer again and waited. She stamped her feet and rubbed her nose with the back of her kid glove then assaulted the buzzer with a staccato of pushes. "Aaron. Aaron McGregor, where the fuck are you?" She angrily muttered to herself as she began to rummage through her purse. "Where are those fucking keys?" Her impatience grew. The keys were finally found. She entered, wearily climbed the three flights of richly carpeted stairs dragging her luggage, trudged to the end of the hall, and opened the apartment door, only to be greeted by the flashing light of the phone pulsing through the darkness.

Beth turned on the hall lights, discarded her coat and gloves over her suitcase, and hurried down the hall to the bathroom. She grabbed a handful of Kleenex and plunked herself down on the toilet. She blew her nose, sighed, felt relief and flushed. Beth washed and dried her hands and then looked in the mirror. Her cheeks were flushed and puffy and her eyes teary. Her hair was wind blown. Beth tried to straighten her hair with her fingers and patted her face with her fingertips. She realized that she was agitated and most of all hungry. She left the bathroom and headed to the kitchen.

Her hand found the switch and as the light flooded the kitchen, Beth's eyes went immediately to the counter wine rack. Minutes later a half glass of Merlot sat on the counter while Beth searched the cupboards and fridge looking for something to eat. Twenty minutes and two glasses of Merlot later, Beth departed the kitchen for the living room with her gourmet meal. The kitchen was left disarray. The microwave door was ajar, the cutting board was covered with crumbs and morsels, and a dirty corning ware dish was on the counter by the cork and corkscrew. She turned on the television and sat back in the sofa to enjoy her meal of tomatoe soup, rye crisp crackers and cheese, Peak Fream shortbreads, and wine.

The television had been watching Beth for a couple of hours when she awoke to the sound of the 11 o'clock news. She was disappointed to find herself still alone in the apartment. She rose from the sofa and carried the dishes to the kitchen and placed them by the sink. Leaning back against the counter, she finished the remaining wine in a series of large gulps. Beth dejectedly placed the glass on the counter, wiped the dribble of wine from the edge of her mouth and walked into the hall. There the impatiently flashing phone once again caught her eye. She had forgotten about the message. Now she picked up the receiver and pushed the message button. 

"Beth, its Aaron. How dumb of me, of course you know who it is. Look, luv, there's been a problem with the plane. They say it's a warning light or something. Anyways we have been diverted to Gander, Newfoundland. BA is putting us up for the night. They hope to have the plane fixed soon and I should be home sometime on Friday. I'll phone you as soon as I know the time of arrival. Miss you lots."

"Shit," was all Beth could say as she put down the phone and turned to walk towards the master bedroom. She had arranged a four-day weekend with Friday and Monday off from work. Now everything that was so carefully planned was about to collapse into shambles. Beth brushed against her coat. She realized that she had not hung it up. Quickly stuffing the gloves into the pockets, she grabbed a hanger, and deposited the coat in the closet. The travel bag followed her down the hallway, tugging in protest as its small wheels dug into the deep pile carpet. She entered Aaron's bedroom, turned on the lights, and began to cry. 

Tears trickled down her cheeks as she pulled the travel bag into the large closet dressing room area. Beth unzipped her suitcase and pulled out her make up bag. As she was about to enter the adjacent ensuite, she noticed that Aaron had left open the bifold doors, which normally hid the washer and dryer. Hung over the edge of the washing machine was one of Aaron's heavy plaid shirts. She instinctively reached for the shirt to dry her tears. The faint smell of Aaron filled her head.

She left the bathroom clad only in Aaron's open shirt. Turning out the lights, she walked slowly towards the bed as her eyes became accustomed to the pale light the streetlights provided through the bedroom window. She pulled back the covers and curled up in the pillows. As she pulled a pillow into her chest and pushed down into the bed, Aaron's scent once more invaded her. Hugging the pillow forced the shirt to scrape across her breasts. She liked the tantalizing feel of the buttons and cloth edge against her skin. She reveled in the sensuous smells of the shirt and the bed. She enjoyed the sound of her own breathing. Her nipples hardened. The pillow became redundant, replaced by the soft teasing of tentative fingertips. 

The tips of her nails traced the sides of her breasts and tickled her navel. She squeezed and rubbed her nipples and gently caressed her pubic hair. Her palms rubbed her thighs. Her fingers began to explore her pussy.

Beth spread her legs to provide greater comfort and access for the fingers she no longer controlled. All Beth could feel were the sensations on her pussy lips and hood and the pressure on her nipples. The sensations increased. Her fingers were bathed in wetness as they penetrated and probed and rubbed and squeezed her clit. Her nipples were pulled to elongated hardness. Warm colours flashed though her mind. Gasps, pleeaassure, and reeleeaase consumed Beth as she collapsed in a wave of heat and light.

The flight attendants had been great. They had prepared everyone for a rough landing and for emergency evacuation. The woman beside him had asked if she could hold Aaron's hand when they assumed crash positions. However, it was all really anticlimactic. The plane made the gentlest landing Aaron had ever experienced and rolled to a stop by the fire trucks at the far end of the field. An hour latter they were being transported by bus through the rain and sleet to hotels in Gander. The couples and groups had been assigned to one of the major hotels in the Gander while the singles had to make due with a three storey walk -up near the airport. 

The passengers were only allowed to take their carry-on luggage and each clutched at the toiletry bags supplied by the airport staff. Aaron's seat companion from the plane was on the bus too and they sat together. Aaron learned that she was a 28-year-old PhD graduate in immunology who was traveling to London to take a job in a pharmaceutical lab. Her name was Sandra. After checking in, they discovered that their rooms were opposite one another on the third floor. Hungry, they agreed to meet in the hotel restaurant for dinner.

Aaron entered his room. It could only be described as starkly functional. It was in sharp contrast to the Toronto luxury suite in which he had spent the last 3 weeks. Throwing the bags on the bed. He began to undress. He needed a shower to relax. He stripped, grabbed his underwear and new toiletry bag, and headed to the washroom. He shaved, showered, and washed his underwear, which smelled of fear sweat. He dried the underwear first in a towel and then hung it over the room heater and pushed the high button. Dressing he felt somewhat apprehensive about eating with Sandra. 

There were butterflies in his stomach as he headed down the hall to the restaurant-bar on the first floor. His gray, zippered turtleneck chaffed against his nipples. The seams in the jeans rubbed against his balls as he walked. He had not "dated" another woman since he had met Beth. Was this cheating?

The restaurant-bar was dark and noisy. It was filled with a combination of plane passengers and airport employees unwinding after a day's work. Along the far wall opposite the entrance was a small stand-up bar and next to it an undersized dance floor with a low stage. On the stage were a drum set and a jukebox, which was playing country and western music. Two couples were dancing and several more couples sat at the tables at the edge of the dance floor. The kitchen service entrance was at the far end of the room. A series of booth-like tables separated entrance area from the dance floor. Aaron selected a booth not far from the entrance and sat down. Soon Sandra joined him. It was obvious that she had showered too. Her curly brunette hair was pulled back into a damp ponytail. She was braless. The boat-necked jersey T-shirt outlined the edges of her small breasts and her nipples were clearly visible. 

An older waitress soon approached them. As Sandra ordered, Aaron looked at the profile of the waitress and drifted off into his own world. Her bleached blond hair and stained white blouse brought to mind the phrase "...ridden hard and put away wet..."

"And what would the gentleman like?" The words startled Aaron.

"I've ordered beer and nachos," remarked Sandra helpfully.

"The nachos are a huge order. There' more than enough for two. What would you like you drink," queried the waitress?

Aaron was taken aback. "What do you have on ta..?"

He never got a chance to finish. "You know what you need after a day like today? You need some screech. That'll straighten you right out. Besides, BA's paying," she continued as she turned her back and walked away without giving him a chance to reply. Bemused Aaron fell into conversation with Sandra. Soon their food and drinks came. 

The screech, Aaron decided was an acquired taste. It was raw rum that burned all the way down. It had a sharp kick but the taste definitely mellowed after the second glass. The nachos, on the other hand he thoroughly enjoyed. The nachos disappeared and so did three bottles of beer and three glasses of screech. It was apparent that both of them had a good buzz going as they negotiated the stairs to their rooms. 

In front of her door, Sandra fumbled with her key and dropped it. Aaron picked it up, threaded the key into the lock, and opened the door. Aaron stepped back to allow Sandra to enter. She lunged forward, wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a hot smoldering kiss on his lips. Her weight drew him inside and he pushed the door closed. The kiss continued and their tongues intertwined.

She stepped back. Slurring she said, "You're a good kisser, but I need to piss and brush my teeth. Don't go away." She stumbled into the dark bathroom. Aaron flicked on the light for her. "Thaaanks." Sandra made no attempt to shut the door before she pushed down her jeans and sat on the toilet. Aaron felt voyeuristic and turned away from the scene. 

The room was a carbon copy of his. There was a single queen sized bed bracketed by two nightstands on one wall and a chest of drawers supporting an ancient TV on the other. The light on the nightstand, where Sandra had left her purse, illuminated the room. 

Aaron felt a hand brush across his shoulders. "Its your turn, Scottie," she slurred. Sandra walked in front of him and stopped with her back towards him. She was wearing only the red T-shit. Slowly the shirt was pulled over her head. With a wiggle of her bum, she placed it over the TV. "You can use my toothbrush," she giggled as she hugged herself. "Don't take too long."

As Aaron left the bathroom and turned the corner to enter the darkened room he heard, "Leave the bathroom light on. I like to see my men." He obliged. "You know," she asserted, "size does matter." Aaron's confidant six inches sagged a little. 

Aaron retorted, " You know sweetie, it's the artist not the paintbrush that makes the picture." What he really wanted to say was "Your 34 A's are barely a mouthful," but he kept silent and continued to approach the bed.

Sandra laughed. "I am a good girl scout, I'm always prepared. But these may be too big!"

"Bitch!" he thought. Aaron saw that the contents of her purse were now spilled over the nightstand and that she held up two wrappers between her fingers.

"Let's find out if you're are Picasso or a simple house painter."

"Oh Christ, " said Aaron silently to himself. "I don't need this shit!" He turned to bolt. However, he never got the chance. Sandra pulled him forcibly down onto the bed and inhaled his lips. Her tongue went deep into his mouth. As their tongues fenced, Aaron's fingers found her nipples. They were hard and protruding. 

Sandra felt Aaron's fingers work her nipples. He squeezed. It hurt but it felt good. His breath and tongue gave them new sensations. Then almost her whole breast was consumed and sucked into his mouth. Each breast was given equal time. The feelings built in her head and flowed out in muted gasps as his fingers roughly rubbed her navel and began to explore her pussy.

Sandra's bald pussy yielded easily to Aaron's fingers. Its warmth and moisture invited penetration first by one finger then by two. He curved his fingers and worked them rapidly over the thick area at the front of her vagina. Aaron continued to suck on her nipples while his free thumb began to massage her clit. He shifted his kneeling position and his tongue snaked down to join his thumb. 

Sandra arched her back. Her arms were raised and her hands pulled at her hair. Her head was turned, her mouth agape, and her breath was coming in short pants. Aaron's tongue titillated the tip of her clit and his fingers vibrated over the front of her vaginal wall. "Oh FUCK ME!!" she screamed as her body shuddered and bucked spasmodically. Her pelvic bone collided with Aaron's nose. Stunned, he drew back. "Don't fucking stop, that was wonderful!" A hand pushed at the back of his head and Aaron's tongue returned to her clit. It flicked and darted across her hot hardness. Her body shook in a series of shuddering convulsions.

The telephone rang harshly at 2:30. "Hello" sputtered Aaron. A confused voice on the other end of the phone announced that that a bus would be at the front of the hotel in an hour to take them to the airport. There was a request to be on time and a click. Aaron replaced the phone and noticed on the tabletop the two used condoms and their wrappers. He smiled and chuckled to himself. "For this whole bloody trip I've been selling myself. Fuck, this was no different." He twisted and planted his feet on the floor. He stretched. There was movement behind him. Turning to view the still sleeping Sandra, he mused to himself, "That wasn't sex, old man, that was salesmanship. You wowed them in Toronto, you've obviously convinced this young lady, now there's only one more sale to make."

Smiling, he rose and walked to the bathroom. The light was still on. He dressed quickly and returned to the bedroom. Sandra was now awake. She was twisting and stretching. "Come on, get up, lazy bones. There's a plane to London to catch. We have to be in the lobby by 3:30." She reached up and pulled him down to her lips. He plucked at her nipples with one hand while the fingers of the other explored her bald cleft. He was surprised to find her pussy warm and wet. She jerked as his middle finger found her clit. Then he forcibly drew back. "No time, to start another painting now," he laughed as he headed for the door. 

"Bastard," she yelled and threw a pillow at his retreating form.

Morning light woke Beth. It streamed through the window. Oh what a wonderful day she thought. Then thoughts of Aaron and where he was clouded her mind. The sharp ring of the bedside phone shocked her out of her funk. "Hello, Aaron?"

"No luv, its only me Charlotte. I take it, Aaron is not there yet..." Beth, while disappointed that it was not Aaron, was pleased to hear Charlotte's voice. The two reviewed the plans for the Saturday Valentine's Party. Charlotte informed her that while she was at work now, she was only going to stay for a couple of hours and then head directly to Lockwinnock. Beth said that she wanted to do some shopping. She wanted some lingerie. She was pleased when Charlotte recommended a little shop not far from Aaron's apartment. The girls gabbed for nearly an hour. 

After showering and dressing, the pangs of hunger forced Beth to think about breakfast. A quick trip to the kitchen convinced her that her cravings for food could not be met there. Grabbing her purse and coat she headed off to Lindy's.

Lindy's was a small local restaurant located about two blocks from the apartment. It featured a wide variety of home-cooked food and great coffee. It was a family owned business and always seemed to be open. Aaron and Beth ate there often.

She entered the restaurant. The warm blast of air and the friendly greeting did a lot to dispel the bite of the cold, damp wind and the gloom of the heavy black clouds overhead. "Good morning Miss Beth," came the cheery, heavily accented greeting. "You like coffee this morning?"

"Yes, please, Ahmed," replied Beth as she sat at a vacant table by the kitchen door. She ordered a three-cheese omelet and toast to fortify her for shopping. 

Beth enjoyed shopping. It took her mind off the fact that Aaron was late in returning. She found the few extra things Charlotte had asked her to get for the party. She also found a red negligee with a matching robe. That was to be Aaron's Valentine's present. As she returned to the apartment in the late afternoon, snow began to fall. By the time, she was climbing the steps to the building it was apparent that Glasgow was to be hit by a full-blown blizzard. Entering Aaron's apartment she was greeted by the flashing light of the answering machine.

During the flight to London Sandra and Aaron talked little, choosing mostly to stretch out in the reclined World Sleeper seats and catch up on their much missed slumber. When the plane prepared to land in London, Sandra began to stroke Aaron's left hand while he held a magazine in the other and pretended to read.

In the terminal, everyone was quickly ushered through customs and into a special reception area. Passengers milled about waiting for instructions. Aaron felt Sandra's presence at his side and his name being called. "Aaron McGregor, Mr. Aaron McGregor"

"Aye, here. I'm here." A bubbly British Airways representative approached him.

"Oh thank heaven I found you," she gushed. "Please come with me. We have a limo waiting. It will whisk you off to your connecting flight and you can be in Glasgow by 4:30. Hurry, please hurry!"

"But my bags..."

"They're all taken care of, sir. Come, please."

Aaron turned to follow the young woman. A pleading came from behind him. "Aaron, Aaron, wait just a moment." He turned to see Sandra hunched over frantically writing on the back of what appeared to be a business card. He took a step towards her and she thrust it in his hand. "Aaron, if you are ever in London..." she reached up and touched his cheek. 

He kissed her fingertips. "Take care luv..."

"Mr. McGregor. Come on, we have to catch your plane!"

The attendant's call cut through the moment. Aaron started to pull away. His hand rose in a final goodbye and their eyes met. "You're the best artist I know," she said and returned the wave. Instinctively he shoved the card in his overcoat pocket just as the attendant grabbed his elbow and ushered him quickly to the door and the waiting limousine. The flight to Glasgow was uneventful until the final twenty minutes.
