 Wednesday dawned bright and sunny. As usual, Dawn was already up before Tom was. He got up in a cheerful mood. "I wonder what she has planned for today?" Tom said to himself as he went about his morning routine of getting ready for work. His shower today went uninterrupted, as did his breakfast. Dawn did seem to be in a good mood too, but she didn't drop any hints about what sexual adventures she might have planned for them today.

Tom was about to walk out the door for work when Dawn came up to him and kissed him goodbye. "Don't forget it's Wednesday, honey. I'll meet you at your office at lunchtime, ok?" Dawn said.

Tom and Dawn had a weekly lunch date every Wednesday. It had been their routine for a few years now; they would try different restaurants, returning to their favorites whenever they could.

"I'm looking forward to it, sweetie," Tom said as he kissed his wife goodbye.

Tom's morning went pretty uneventful. He talked to a few clients, arranged for some face to face meetings the following week, and caught up on some paperwork. Before he knew it, it was almost noon, lunchtime. "I wonder what restaurant she's chosen this week," he thought to himself. He laughed, "Wherever it is, it can't be as good as breakfast was yesterday!!"

Tom was sitting at his desk, lost in his thoughts when Dawn walked into his office. She was dressed beautifully as always. She was wearing a light blue skirt with a white blouse. Tom could see she was wearing stockings as well to go along with the stiletto heels on her feet. He was a little confused about the picnic basket she was carrying; it was a little too cold in the middle of February for a park lunch.

"Hi honey," Dawn said, walking to his desk and setting the basket down on it. She leaned down to kiss him. "I thought we'd skip the restaurant and just have lunch here in the office today. Ok?"

"That's fine with me, what have you got in there, I'm starving!" he said.

Dawn opened up the basket and started pulling food out. There were crackers and cheese along with some freshly cut fruit, and Tom was surprised to see, a can of whipped cream.

"It's just a light lunch today," she said.

"That's fine, dear," Tom said. 

As they ate, Tom and Dawn talked about their respective mornings, about how the day was going for them so far. They playfully fed each other morsels of food, while exchanging kisses every now and then. Most of the fruit was gone when Dawn pulled the strawberries out of the basket. "Oh," Tom thought. That's what the whipped cream was for.

Dawn grabbed the whipped cream and sprayed some on a strawberry. She took half of the piece of fruit between her lips, and leaned forward so Tom could take the other half at the same time. Their lips met as the fruit was devoured. Dawn leaned back, licking the cream from her lips seductively.

"Ok, now it's time for the real desert!" Dawn said. "I want you to stand up, take your pants off and sit back down in your chair. Now!"

Tom looked at Dawn questioningly. "What about my secretary?" he asked. "Cindy could walk in here any second."

Dawn smiled. "Don't worry about Cindy. I left clear instructions with her that we were not to be disturbed; plus I locked the door on the way in here. Now strip, mister!"

"What the hell, "Tom thought. "You only live once, right." He stood up and undid his belt, unbuttoned his slacks, pulled the zipper down and slid his slacks and boxers down to his feet. He managed to get the pants and boxers off his feet without taking off his shoes, and then sat back in his chair.

Dawn smiled and knelt at his feet. Tom couldn't help noticing she still had the can of whipped cream in her hand. Dawn brought the can forward and sprayed some of its contents on her husband's dick. Tom jumped a bit as the cold cream covered his member.

"Oh, is it too cold for my baby," Dawn cooed. "Don't you worry; I'll warm you up again real quick."

With that, Dawn leaned forward and took Tom's dick in her mouth, licking all the whipped cream from his now gradually stiffening cock. Tom looked down to see her grab the bottom of her skirt. As she pulled it up to bunch around her waist, Tom got another surprise: no panties! Dawn was wearing just a garter belt that was holding up her silk stockings. 

As Dawn was sucking on her husband's now rock hard cock, she slipped a hand between her legs to rub her hairless pussy. The visual of her lips stroking up and down his cock, along with her fingering her pussy was almost too much for Tom to take. He didn't want to cum too soon, so he leaned back in his chair so he was now looking at the ceiling. 

Tom sat there enjoying the feeling of being in his wife's mouth. She was an expert cock sucker. When they first got together, she really wasn't into blowjobs; she had had a few bad experiences with former boyfriends. But Tom was patient and gentle with her, and she soon developed a passion for sucking his cock.

Dawn looked up at her husband, his head back and his eyes closed, enjoying what she was doing. She smiled to herself. "I would do anything for this man," she thought to herself. She continued sucking and licking his cock as she slipped first one, and then a second finger inside her dripping pussy as her thumb rubbed circles on her clit. She could feel her pussy getting tighter around her fingers as her orgasm approached. She looked back up at Tom to see him looking back down at her with lust in his eyes. He could tell she was getting close to cumming, he could see it in her eyes.

"That's it baby, cum on your fingers! I want your pussy nice and wet when I bend you over the desk and fuck you from behind," Tom said.

Dawn moaned when she heard Tom say that, and Tom knew it was just a matter of seconds then till she would be cumming all over her fingers.

"Do it Dawn, cum for me, make that pussy wet for me," he said.

That was all it took. Dawn pulled her mouth off Tom's cock as she let out a silent scream, her fingers a blur as she fucked herself. Her body was convulsing and her quivering legs gave way as she fell back onto the plush carpet as the explosive climax washed over her. 

Tom watched in amazement as his wife shuddered on the floor. Slowly her breathing returned to normal as she lay there, recovering.

After a few minutes, she opened her eyes and looked up at Tom. "Damn, that was good!" she said.

"I noticed," Tom said, stroking his hard cock. "Do you think you have enough energy to continue?"

"You're damn right I do! That was just the appetizer, I want your cock in me now!" she said

Tom stood and helped Dawn up from the floor. They exchanged a passionate kiss, their tongues dueling against each other. Tom started to remove Dawn's skirt when she stopped him.

"No, this time I get to keep all my clothes on," she said.

She leaned over the desk; her skirt still bunched at her waist, and wiggled her ass at him. 

"Come and get it, sweetie," she said looking over her shoulder at him.

Tom looked at the gorgeous vision before him; Dawn had the most beautiful ass he had ever seen. He wanted to fuck her so bad, but he couldn't resist the vision in front of him. He knelt on the floor between her spread legs. He reached up and grabbed her ass cheeks in each hand, spreading them wide open so he had complete access to her puckered asshole and dripping cunt. He leaned forward and stuck out his tongue. Starting at her clit, he licked up, savoring the taste of her pussy. He stopped briefly at her dripping hole, and shoved his tongue deep inside her cunt, collecting as much of her juice as he could. He then licked farther up, stopping at her asshole. His tongue made lazy circles around her puckered opening. He loved playing with her ass, but tonguing was as far as she would let him explore. He longed to do more; he desperately wanted to fuck her ass, but she was still holding to her guns on that one. He really couldn't complain too much, she was pretty liberal despite that.

Tom stood up and positioned himself behind his wife. His cock was dripping pre-cum as he lined the head up with her open pussy. He pressed forward until he could feel the head of his cock nestle just inside of her pussy. He held still for just a moment, then shoved slowly inside till he was completely buried inside her. He started pumping slowly in and out of his wife, but she soon let him know that she wanted more.

"C'mon Tom," she said. "You can fuck me harder than that! Fuck me hard!"

Tom grabbed her hips and really started to pound her. Dawn moaned with pleasure as she felt Tom's balls slap her clit every time he slammed his cock into her.

"That's it, that's what I want! Fuck me hard baby. Fuck me, fuck meeee!" Dawn hissed.

After her wonderful blowjob, Tom knew he wasn't gonna last long. His thrusts got more erratic and his balls tightened up against his body. 

"I'm gonna cum," he moaned.

He slid his cock into her one last time as the cum left his balls and travelled up the shaft of his cock. The head of his cock swelled as he shot jet after jet of cum into her receptive pussy.

Tom collapsed onto his wife's back as his orgasm waned. He pulled the hair back from her neck and he kissed the exposed flesh.

"God, I love you babe," he said. "You keep this up and I'm gonna be dead before the Valentines actually gets here!"

"Oh no you won't," she said. "I'm gonna keep on sucking and fucking this cock for years to come, so you better stay in shape for me!"

Tom fell back in his chair as Dawn went to his office restroom and got some warm, wet washcloths and a few towels so they could clean each other off. 

By time Tom got himself re-dressed, and Dawn had smoothed out her skirt, lunchtime was over. Tom kissed his wife as they headed for the door.

"Thanks for the lunch, honey," Tom said as Dawn left the office. "I can't wait to see what's for dinner!"