 "Honey, I'm home," Tom called out as he walked in the door. He took off his coat and hung it up, setting his briefcase by the small table in the entryway. Dropping his keys on the table, Tom picked up the days mail and leafed through it. "Nothing but bills," he muttered, dropping the mail back on the table. He walked through the entry way and into the living room, wondering where his wife was.

"Dawn, where are you?" He called out again.

"I'm upstairs in the bedroom, honey," Dawn answered back. "Don't come up here, just stay down there, make yourself a drink and relax. I have a surprise for you!"

"Great," Tom thought to himself. "I bet she went shopping and bought some new expensive dress or shoes and wants me to get a little buzzed before she springs the bill on me."

He went over to the bar and poured himself a tall whiskey and coke on the rocks, sipping it as he made his way to the sofa.

About fifteen minutes later, a pleasantly buzzed Tom sat on the sofa, a half empty glass of alcohol in his hand, still wondering what the hell was going on. 

"Ok honey; are you ready for your surprise?" Dawn called from upstairs.

"Whenever you are sweetie," Tom said. "You've got me curious as hell down here."

"Ok. Do me a favor honey and turn on the cd player. I've got it set up just how I want it," Dawn said.

Tom picked up the remote from the end table and turned on the cd player. Smooth R&B emanated from the stereo as Dawn lowered the lights from the switch at the top of the stairs. 

Tom looked up and nearly dropped his drink as he saw the vision of pure sex that was coming down the stairs. Dawn had definitely been shopping. She was wearing a new black satin babydoll from Victoria's Secret. It was see thru except for the cups that supported her 36B breasts. As Dawn got to the bottom of the stairs, she gave a quick twirl, showing Tom the view from the rear. The bottom of the babydoll was so short it barely covered the bottom of her ass cheeks, not that it mattered as she was wearing a matching black g-string. To top of the outfit, Dawn was wearing feathered satin slippers with 3 ½ inch stiletto heels.

Dawn looked with amusement at her husband as he sat there with his mouth comically wide open.

"I take it you approve," Dawn said with a smile.

"Approve is an understatement," Tom said. "This is a great surprise honey. What's the occasion?"

"Well Valentine's Day is coming up on Saturday, and I was wondering what to give you this year when I got to thinking; why should I wait all week for one day to show how much I love you? So I decided to make it a week long event. I have a number of things planned for you this week. Tonight is just the start!" Dawn said.

"I like the way you think," Tom said laughing. "Why don't we head upstairs and let me take that lingerie off you and we'll make love all night long."

"Not so quick tiger," Dawn said. "The lingerie is just the beginning. Remember those fitness classes I was taking at the health club every week? Well, they offered a class that used stripper moves as the basis for the exercises. And let me tell you, those moves are harder than they look! I was pretty sore after every class, but I think all the hard work payed off, as you are about to find out."

Dawn leaned over tom as he sat on the couch, letting him get a good look at her cleavage as she took the glass of whiskey from his hand and set it on the end table.

Dawn moved to the middle of the room and gave me a shy smile as she began to gently sway to the music. Tom sat mesmerized at the sight before him. As Dawn twirled for him, the bottom of her babydoll swirled up giving him a great view of her gorgeous ass. Dawn dropped to her knees facing Tom. As she looked deep into his eyes, she slowly pushed each strap of her lingerie off her shoulders, the top of her babydoll dropping away until her tits were bare before his eyes.

Dawn licked her lips as her hands cupped each tit and, holding them up for Tom to see. Dawn lifted her left breast up towards her mouth. She lowered her mouth and stuck out her tongue. She was just barely able to reach her nipple with her tongue and she slowly licked her own nipple while her other hand squeezed the nipple of her right breast.

Tom thought he had died and gone to heaven! 

Dawn sat up on her knees and slowly removed the babydoll, sliding it down until it pooled at her feet. She stood and kicked to lingerie to the side, standing there in only her g-string and slippers. She turned to face away from her husband and spread her feet as she slowly bent forward till she was looking at Tom through her spread legs. Dawn grasped her left ankle with both hands and slowly caressed her way up her leg till she reached her thigh. Still looking back at Tom, she grasped each ass cheek in her hands and spread her cheeks wide open, revealing the thin string separating her cheeks. The string and crotch of her panties were skimpy enough that they barely covered her asshole and wet pussy.

Dawn reached for the thin string and pulled it to the side, revealing a completely shaved pussy for Tom to see. It was another surprise for Tom; he had been trying to get his wife to shave for him for some time now and had almost given up all hope of it ever happening.

While holding her panties to the side, Dawn reached between her legs from the front and ran a finger over her pussy, wetting her digit. She reached up and gently massaged her puckered asshole for a few seconds and then moved it back down to her clit, rubbing it in gentle circles. She reached up once more and ran her finger over her bare lips and into her wet pussy, slowly sliding it in and out.

Sitting on the couch, Tom could barely believe what was happening. He had always thought of his wife as sexy, but this was way beyond sexy. Tom could feel his cock getting hard as he watched his wife transform herself into a pure, sexual being right in front of her eyes. He reached down and rubbed his cock through his pants. 

Dawn saw what her husband was doing and stood up and turned to face him. "Is your cock getting hard honey?" she asked with a teasing voice. All Tom could do was nod. "It better be babe," she said. "I want to see it Tom. Unzip your pants and take it out so I can see it how hard you are. I want to see how hard your cock got while you were watching me strip for you."

Tom took another long drink from his whisky and reached down and unzipped his pants. He reached inside and pulled out his cock. It was hard as a rock and already dripping pre-cum from the tip. Tom grasped the shaft in his hand and stroked it while watching his wife sway to the music.

Dawn reached for her panties and slowly slid them down her hips until they were at her feet. She stepped out of them and dropped to her knees again. She slowly crawled over to where her husband was sitting and rested her arms on the sofa between his legs. 

She reached out and removed Tom's hand from his cock. "Here, let me do that baby," she purred at him.

As she knelt there before him, Dawn caressed his cock in her tiny hand, gathering some of his pre-cum from the tip to help lubricate her stroking. Tom's cock was now nice and wet as Dawn stroked up and down, gently twisting her hand as he jerked him off. After a few minutes Dawn leaned forward to lick the shaft as she concentrated on jerking the sensitive head of her husband's cock. Dawn licked up the shaft and as she removed her hand, she looked Tom right in the eyes and lowered her lips over his cock as she took it deep in her mouth. She took as much into her mouth as she could and then pulled off, leaving Tom's cock to bounce back against his stomach.

"Are you ready to fuck me baby?" she asked.

Tom nodded and was reaching for his belt when Dawn stopped him.

"No," she said. "I'm the only one allowed to be naked tonight; I want you to fuck me with all your clothes on."

Dawn stood and straddled Tom as he sat on the couch. As she raised her hips above his lap, she reached down and grabbed his cock, positioning it at the opening of her wet pussy. When she felt the tip of her husband's cock nestled in the entrance of her cunt, she swiftly lowered her hips, taking him deep inside of her body.

"Oh my God," Dawn screamed as she felt Toms' cock hit the deepest part of her pussy. She sat still for a moment, getting used to Tom's cock inside her tight pussy, then she started to move up and down. Husband and wife moaned as they moved as one, the wet sounds of their fucking filling the room.

They fucked like this for a few minutes, Tom holding Dawn's ass in both hands, guiding her up and down on his cock.

"Oh, yes baby. I can't hold back much longer," Tom warned.

"Cum when it feels good honey," Dawn answered. "Don't worry about making me cum, tonight is all about you. Cum in me, fill me with your juices!"

"Ohh yes Dawn, I'm gonna cum," Tom groaned as his cock began shooting cum deep inside his wife's pussy.

"Yes, yes, yes, oh Tom, I can feel it," Dawn moaned in his ear.

Eventually, the two lovers collapsed on the couch, both totally exhausted.

After a few minutes Dawn looked her husband in the eye. "Did you like your surprise honey?" she asked.

"Do you really have to ask?" Tom said teasingly. "That dance was terrific."

"Really?" Dawn said. "It would have been better with a stripper pole though."

"Well maybe we'll have to look into getting one installed," Tom said laughing. "What's the plan for the rest of the week?"

"Well if I told you, you wouldn't be a surprise now would it?" Dawn said. "Let's just say that a few fantasies, yours and mine, might just get fulfilled in the next few days."