 From an idea by Dalhia57



In the following days, Mukherjee and Rohini had to attend receptions offered by his friends, customers and family. It was a nice way to have Rohini put on the most beautiful sarees he could buy. He especially loved to see her wear such an epitome of Indian classical beauty. He resented deeply the western look that Vanessa preferred but she was his daughter and he had to recognize she made all possible efforts to meet her father's requirements. She had business meetings with his staff at least once or twice every day. It had been quite surprising for most of his male circle to discover Mukherjee had a daughter and that she would soon become their boss.

The most mind boggling for them was to discover that Vanessa had a perfect knowledge of the basis of their different trades and was able to compare their machines with the most advanced ones you could find in Europe or in the USA. They soon tended to consider her, not as a girl but as a colleague and a shrewd one at it. Some of them discreetly nicknamed her "Sir". At a tea party, it was always a pleasurable moment for Mukherjee of chatting with some friend, watching his wife showing off her limited knowledge of Indian customs, enticing commiserate looks to him and, just a few minutes later, his daughter and his wife entering into a hot discussion about some technical innovation, leaving the other people completely bewildered.

As soon as his daughter was completely accepted by his stakk, Mukherjee started to invite his wife to some of the most important meetings. His employees soon realized that the daughter may be surprisingly shrewd but his wife had nothing to envy her. He felt quite proud of having two personal advisers that were together highly skilled on the technical side, extremely shrewd and exceptionally beautiful! Maybe he would have a problem finding a suitable mate for his daughter as the guy should be of the finest stuff not to be overburdened by her superior mind! Most men would never agree to be dominated by their wife and a guy able to challenge Vanessa would be a great asset for his company! But that was not so urgent! His daughter was the same age as his wife but she didn't have his offspring developing in her womb!

Mukherjee announced he would take a sabbatic leave of six months for a honeymoon trip. Vanessa would be his deputy with total delegation for thye management of the company. He had total trust in her wisdom!

They left soon after for the first leg of their journey : London! Mukherjee had a very close business associate there, one of the most powerful CEO in the country. His name was Peter and Mukherjee wanted to present Rohini to his friend's wife, Leena.

-  You'll see, darling! Leena is an English girl but she is fascinated by India, wearing Indian clothes, most of the time, eating Indian food and speaking hindi better than you speak English or French! She is also an avowed slut, ready to fuck any Indian guy coming her way!

-  Did you ever fuck her, dear?

-  Of course, each time I went to England or they come to India. She is rather submissive, ready to indulge into my darkest whims!

-  My god! Do you intend to fuck her again?

-  In fact, I intended to share you and Leena with my friend Peter. I'm pretty sure you'll like him and his wife ; they are very high society but they are deeply addicted to sex!

-  What if I don't want to share you with this Leena or offer myself to your friend Peter?

-  I will be deeply disappointed but I will respect your decision, be sure of it!

Peter picked them up at the airport. He was rather old bu quite smart with an aura of calm assurance. His piercing eyes assessed quietly Rohini. She felt just like when she passed the final graduation exams. There was no doubt for her that Peter was a very successful businessman. He was balding, frail compared to Mukherjee but sinewy. She would never have admitted it but she was seduced by his innate authority! The girl who was at his side amazed Rohini : Her face and complexion were typically European with just a bit more tan than the people around but she was wearing a richly embroidered saree that outshined her wedding dress. She seemed quite at ease with the garment, just as if she had always lived in India!

The two men shook hands and formally presented their spouses to one another. There was immediate sympathy between the two girls. Needless to say that two stupendous girls wearing weird looking garments stirred intense curiosity among the crowd in the airport. Rohini would have preferred to walk unnoticed but Leena clearly relished being the center of attention of so many men! The silk of her saree tightly hugged the attractive curves of her body and her hips were swaying provocatively as she walked toward the exit and the parking. Rohini saw several men with their mouths gaping open frozen in place while their furious wives tried to coax them to walk on by!

Peter's car was a luxurious Bentley. He took the driver's seat and proposed Mukherjee to sit in the back with Rohini on his left and Leena on his right. He seemed delighted by the arrangement, especially when they reached several roundabouts that pushed Rohini or Leena's breasts against him. Peter explained Rohini that their main home was in Birmingham but he was taking them to their penthouse in London. Rohini was flabbergasted when she saw the luxury of Peter and Leena's house. There was a guard in livery at the underground garage entrance and a direct lift to the top floor. An electronic card was necessary to enter and operate it! The interior of the lift was covered with ebony wood.

The flat itself was even more extraordinary with ornamented doors and decorations. You could have thought you had been transported into the palace of some Indian maharajah. Even the staff, a butler and two waitresses were of Indian origin, wore Indian outfits and spoke only hindi. A soft background music welcomed them. Rohini wasn't surprised at all to recognize genuine Indian music! Rohini could imagine she was back in New Delhi and not in the heart of London. Peter told her that the doors were copied from a real palace not very far from New Delhi.

-  The owner is a very important politician you have certainly seen in the news : Prince Kyrhan Singh. He is one of my best friend! He and his wife Kira often come to visit us unless it's the other way around! You should pay them a visit!

A remainder of Rohini's innate shyness led her to object :

-  He must be very important : I wouldn't like to disturb him!

-  Don't fear anything, Rohini! Kyrhan loves to receive guests and especially pretty girls like you!

Peter had never complimented Rohini so far and he had said it in front of her husband! She blushed horribly and cast her eyes down in shame. Mukherjee, Peter and even Leena considered her with surprise before laughing aloud together. Leena whispered to Rohini's ear :

-  No need to blush that hard, dear! Mukherjee is a close friend and you'll soon become accustomed to our special relations!

Rohini didn't want to understand what Leena meant.

-  I will be quite direct with you, dear! I may shock you if you are as prude as you pretend but you have to know that on his last visit, two months ago, your husband shared me with Peter. Yes, he fucked me many times and in whatever way he wanted and Peter wasn't adverse to it, on the contrary! They double teamed me all the night and I couldn't have enough of them!

Rohini was amazed Leena spoke of her intimate relations so openly! These people were perverts, degenerate! What puzzled her was that Mukherjee, her beloved husband in whom she had absolute faith smiled encouragingly to her. She turned to him, hoping for a signal. He took her by her arm and led her to the wide sun deck. Peter joined them. He talked to Rohini :

-  Yes, dear, we are a close knit group of friends and we lead what you would call a very libertine life. We share our wives, our girlfriends and they share their husbands quite freely! Our experience had a very strong influence on our couples : we are close accomplices, trying to offer our mates as much pleasure as we can! I've heard of people considering we are debauched, degenerate. For them, we are ultimately soiling our karma but they never realized that India is the land of fulfilled carnal desires. Open sexual affairs are frowned upon but as far as it stays in our private life, we are totally free to indulge in sexual pleasures!

Rohini's head was spinning out of control. She had been quite aware that the Indian society was very formal and shy with not even kisses being filmed in movies but that restraint seemed so much at odds with the Kama Sutra book Mukherjee had offered her among other things when she had accepted to marry him. She pressed against her husband's chest. She timidly lifted her eyes to watch him and coyly asked him :

-  Darling, I want you to be proud of me. Just tell me what you want me to do!

Her husband kissed her and it was the first time another man could watch her kiss openly her husband! Mukherjee took her by the waist and led her toward the large settee in the boudoir and signaled to Peter to sit down there. He encouraged Rohini to sit next to him.

-  Just relax, Rohini and leave Peter total leeway. Obey to his wishes just as if it was me who asked you to do it!

-  But, you, darling! Where will you be?

-  Don't be afraid, dear! I will lie on this divan just in front of you and Leena will accompany me. I will be just a few feet from you and nothing will be imposed upon you I would have endorsed!

-  But...

-  There's no But, darling. It's just my will and afterward we will be even more a couple!

Rohini abandoned her resistance. Mukherjee was so much more experienced than she had ever been : if he wanted her to cheat on him in his presence, as he had pushed her into Vanessa's arms, it was his decision and as a dutiful wife, she was ready to obey her husband's whims!

Peter nuzzled the lobe of her ear, covering it with kisses and nibbling at it with his teeth. She tensed once more before remembering her husband wanted her to comply to any moves by Peter. The Englishman was quite deft at it and she soon closed her eyes in bliss as Peter's constant nibbling started to really arouse her. Her breath got slowly quicker. She was drowning into an ocean of guilty pleasures with the benediction of her husband. She opened her eyes to discover Leena straddling her husband and offering him her mouth for a very sensual French Kiss! His hands were running under her pallu and even under her choli. Leena moaned as Peter was squeezing her breast. Far from resenting it, Peter's wife freed Peter's cock out of his pants and bunched up the lower part of her saree. She then expertly aimed his cock toward her pussy and impaled herself on the rigid shaft. She threw her head back and soon started to bounce on his cock furiously.

Rohini got instantly jealous : she really disliked Leena enjoying so quietly her own husband! She decided to show him how she could pay him back. She turned toward Peter and opened her lips in an enticing smile. He fervently kissed her on her full lips. She immediately kissed him back, not like many of those slutty bimbos she had seen in movies in France. Peter snaked his hand under the hem of her saree and he started exploring her offered skin underneath. She had parted her thighs wide, offering him total leeway with her. She placed her hands around his neck and drew him to her. She had the satisfaction of thinking she was taking an active part in the events of that night! Under her saree, she was wearing a wide shorty. It was not a very efficient protection against Peter's fingers. He reached quite easily the lips of her pussy and started to caress them, adventuring progressively a finger between them. Her pussy was warm and lively under his touch. She was perfectly shaven. He could feel her very smooth skin and a revealing little bit of moisture.

Peter was surprised by this stunning woman. She was shy like a young bride but she was also quite eager to please and it made a hot mixture! He wanted to hold her in his arms, to touch her, to fill her pussy with his cock that already throbbed mightily. He couldn't decide what to do next, he wanted to take her, to use her like the lowliest slut, to worship her, all at the same time.

Leena had broken away and grabbed the hem of her saree. She smiled lewdly to Mukherjee and started to dance lasciviously in front of him. She rocked her shoulders and slowly pulled out of her saree, letting her pallu fall down to the floor. She was dancing on, offering to Rohini's husband some sort of strip tease! She moved slowly and gracefully, smiling coyly. Rohini and Peter had stopped to watch the show. You couldn't imagine a more exciting feminine sight that this statuesque girl dancing out of her saree with the bangles on her arms chiming happily nd her gold jewelry shimmering. She managed to undo the knot of her petticoat without stopping her lewd dance. She wiggled out of her saree which uncoiled from around her body.

Peter, meanwhile, was fondling Rohini's breasts, caressing expertly her nipples. She was now quite at ease with a stranger cupping her breasts in his hands. He had pushed up her bra and her breasts were completely offered to his view with the large areolas and the taut nipples an easy target for his kisses and caresses. Peter stripped her of her last garments and she was soon as naked as Leena. He made a great fuss of rolling down her knickers to her feet. He slipped them into his breast pocket.

- I don't think your husband will allow you to wear undies any more during your honeymoon trip, Rohini!

He bent her backwards until she lay naked on the settee. Her tits were quite full, mouth watering udders that Peter immediately try to milk with his lips. Her nipples were now high and prominent. Her bald, almost virginal pussy was so attractive that he dove in. She loved the attention so much that she placed both of her hands on his head and sighed happily. Her taste was utterly delicious. He explored her as completely as he wanted, pushing his tongue deep into the folds of her pussy and flicking her clit with his tongue. She screamed almost immediately.

-  Aaaargghhhh! Againnn! Ooohhhh! Deeper. Yessss! Faster, please!!!! No! Slow down! It's toooo muchhh!

She buckled like a wild horse under the suave caresses. She squirmed helplessly across the bed with Peter's tongue pushing her into her deepest recesses. She cummed once, then a second time, then a third with very little rest time in between... Peter was tireless. She screamed aloud each time she came, the long, piercing, lustful, primal scream of a woman fucked thoroughly by an expert lover!

Peter moved his mouth upward, kissing her neck. He covered her body with his. She turned toward her husband for reassurance when she felt his cock probing at the entrance of her pussy. Mukerjee was licking Leena's pussy and she was openly deeply enjoying his ministrations. Rohini arched her back in order to facilitate Peter's entry. He entered her straight forward and very deep and started pumping slowly. He rotated his hips, trying to give her more pleasure and she was quite glad for the attention!

A piercing scream from Leena made them jump suddenly. Mukherjee had lifted her legs on to his left shoulder. Her feet were madly swaying toward the ceiling. Mukherjee had not chosen her pussy but her arse for his initial penetration and Leena seemed not to have any objection to it!

- Yes, Mukherjee! Fuck my arse! Fuck me like a whore in front of your wife! Please promise me to fuck her in the same way tonight, with your big cock!

Rohini was shocked. Leena was quietly telling Mukherjee to bugger her during the next night! She was about to object fiercely but Peter chose that moment to suddenly increase his pace. It was so pleasant that Rohini's resentment against Leena suddenly became much less important to her own eyes! Peter gently pulled back until his cock was sitting between Rohini's legs and just touching her pussy mound. He started to rub it against her very wet slit. The fluids oozing out of her pussy were adding to her already effusive lubrication. He could see a wet trail of pre cum on her skin along her crotch. Surprisingly, Rohini had become very quiet, all her attention focused on her pussy and the big cock about to penetrate her!

Rohini was perfectly aware that she would need no encouragement to impale herself on Peter's big shaft. Mukherjee was actively fucking Leena and she had to prove that she could be as bold as he was! She hesitated for a moment then shuddering her shoulders, she raised her bottom up and reached down to aim Peter's cock against her pussy lips. The tip og his shaft buried itself inside her without difficulty. She remembered how Mukherjee had proceeded with her and she repeated the same procedure : Once he was safely in place she started to rock her hips slowly, taking care not to pull back. The head of his cock was moving and rotating between her pussy lips with almost no friction. She then started to push very slowly forward. The cock drilled it self into her until he was lodged deep inside her.

Peter was almost of the same girth as Mukherjee and there was no pain for her! An old reflex from her student years in France activated. She had never done it herself but many of her friends had warned her, inscribing it in red letters in her brain : Peter was a stranger and he should have put on a condom! Then she realized that Mukherjee had made all possible efforts to impregnate her. If he hadn't succeeded and pushed her to fuck Peter bareback, it was his problem. She was a dutiful wife and in this moment ready to obey her husband's orders! Rohini once more shrugged : it was no more her problem! She bore down, taking as much of his shaft inside her pussy as she could. The whole mushroom shaped head was now inside her pussy and she perfectly knew that the rest would be easier. He wouldn't have to be stretched out this time!

It finally felt so easy to work herself down his shaft! She felt somewhat disappointed. Peter noticed it and he whispered to her in order not to be heard by Mukherjee :

-  Don't worry, pet : my cock and your husband's are just toys for babies: Wait until you'll share Kyrhan's bed! That will be the most momentuous event in your life, you may be sure of it!

He continued with a louder voice :

-  Don't be afraid! Your husband has done a nice job with you I want you to enjoy it now!

She valiantly worked her lithe body up on Peter's cock. Her mate helped her a little by putting his hands under her ass cheeks and lifting them up but he let Rohini work it inside her pussy at her own speed. She was soon totally impaled on his cock. Peter leaned back and drew her to him. She followed with no resistance and he covered her mouth with his. He started to really fuck her, lifting her in the air before slamming his cock into her pussy as hard as he could! She was soon delirious with pleasure but what amazed her was when Mukherjee cheered loudly, congratulating to have let herself go and enjoy the moment! She was getting more and more at ease as her husband seemed to approve her acts and she was deriving from them indescribable pleasures! Peter was astonishingly gentle with her and she wanted nothing but allow him to continue in the same way!

When Rohini had impaled herself fully on Peter's cock, she resumed the rehearsing of her husband's lessons : she rotated her hips above Peter and she worked her pussy muscles on his cock. To her intense satisfaction, the English man started to groan then moan almost plaintively. She now knew why her husband had introduced her to geisha balls! She wanted to make her husband proud of her : she kept moving her pussy around and along Peter's cock in order to keep him on a high. When she was sure she could maintain the same rhythm for a long time, she leant forward so that he could lick and suck her tits!
