 I've been watching you for weeks. From the kitchen window, from the bedroom, from the garden. When Rita next door said she was having her patio rebuilt and her garden landscaped, all I could think about was a summer filled with noise and dust and hideous leery old builders demolishing any chances of sitting in my garden and peeling off a layer or two. The day you first arrived though, was a revelation. I heard your van arrive and the sound of Rita's shrill voice issuing the first set of directions. I pulled the blinds aside in my bedroom and all 6 feet 2 inches of you assaulted my senses. I couldn't help but think what a massive improvement you were on Rita's choice of other visitors to her home -- the ugly window cleaner with his aversion to shampoo and the geeky gardener with his endless list of fashion faux pas. Yes, you really were a pleasure to behold, and the fact that you would be there all day, every day for the next few weeks was a beautiful thought. 

You may have already noticed that my life could do with being a bit more interesting. I'm married to Brian, the most boring man on planet earth. I'm a kept woman, not something you want to easily admit to in the 21st century but there you have it. I cook, clean, go shopping a lot and I'm a 'lady who lunches' with her girlfriends. My friends call Brian 'the stiff in the suit'. It would be even funnier if it wasn't such a contradiction in terms. Stiff isn't something Brian is very often. He likes sex to be like most other parts of his life -- clean to the point of sterile, and well ordered. When we do have sex, he "encourages" me to shower first before he'll even consider going down on me, and even then, it's frustratingly brief. I long for him to lick me when I've been turned on for hours, the delicious internal dripping tap of a woman fuelled by lust, concealed just inside her body until the moment she chooses to reveal to her lover's fingers or tongue the extent of her desire for him. I want him to swallow me, drink in the lust and allow it to consume his body as it has mine. Brian prefers sex in the missionary position with the lights down low but I long for him to grab my hair, fuck me from behind and talk dirty to me. But Brian is more likely to restrain me with his handkerchiefs than handcuffs. One of his favourite weekend delights is to go into M&S, whereas I harbour very secret desires to get into S&M. To get where he has in his career, he leaves every day for work dressed in a suit and goes off to metaphorically lick the arse of his latest client. In my life, I long for him to dress as an airline pilot, push me down on the bed and literally, not metaphorically, lick mine. 

Yesterday Rita and her third husband left for Grenada. She asked me as she always does, if I would look after the house and Maxi, the largest cat you've ever seen. I kept an award winning straight face as I agreed, took in every little detail of the arrangements and became Rita's new best friend. All the time I was thinking it would bring me a step closer to you. Well before they left, you and I had locked eyes over the fence. I was watching you and you sensed it and glanced over. Your instinct was to turn away, after all you were working and that patio slab was very heavy. You did look away but you looked back again and you held my gaze for way too long Mr Builder. I fantasised about what you were called. Maybe you were Paul the Paver or Clint the Construction Worker. But you were alone, there was no-one with you to call your name. I found out what it was on the day they left. It was 28 degrees and you were working so hard. I called you over by the fence with a "Hiya!" and passed you a bottle of cold beer. Your smile was disarming and you said 

"Oh you life saver, that's exactly what I needed. Cheers. And I'm Rob by the way." 

Your voice was rough round the edges, a bit like you Rob. 

"You're very welcome Rob, I'm Joy." 

And when you replied, with an answer which just came out almost before you thought it, that's when I knew what could easily happen here. 

"I bet you are" you said, your voice overtly sexy and my body responded with a deep down ripple of thrill. I smiled back and walked away, your eyes burning into me from behind as I sashayed down the garden into my house. If you were hoping to catch a glimpse of my knickers through my dress, you'd be sadly disappointed Rob -- I don't wear any.

And so earlier today, I let myself into Rita's house with the key, tidied up her mail and watched you working outside for a while. I called for Maxi outside several times but the lazy cat didn't answer. You came in Rob and you made us both a coffee with the milk and sugar and everything Rita had left for you. We chatted about the patio and the heat but all the time my eyes were all over you and my body language was embarrassingly giving me away. Right on cue, Maxi appeared in the doorway and jumped up on my lap for some attention. 

"Don't you think Joy" you said very slowly "that Rita has the most beautiful pussy?"

I raised an eyebrow and you continued 

"but not quite as beautiful as my imagination says yours is." 

I raised my eyes to yours and we held them there, pupils dark with lust, the silence feeding the attraction. And then it was shattered by the sound of the doorbell. I leapt up, Rita's pussy disappeared and I opened the front door to find the ugly window cleaner standing there, his even uglier mate at the front window with his bucket. I groaned with irritation but he had already started. The moment ruined, I decided that even though they wouldn't be home for nearly two weeks, now would be a good time to go shopping for Rita's coming home essentials I had promised to pop into her freezer. I couldn't think about going home feeling this defeated. You looked irritated too, and I heard you banging about outside as I got in the car. 

An hour later I was back, ugly and his mate had gone and as I reached the kitchen I could see you on the patio, shovelling sand into the cement mixer, concentration ingrained on your face. You looked even more mouth watering than earlier, your blond hair messed up and streaked with dust. You were wearing stone coloured long shorts and work boots with the laces tied loosely, your legs were golden brown from the sun, streaked with blond hair. Since I left, the sun had become even hotter and you were working strip shirt now, your back tanned dark brown from the sun and glistening with your sweat. Oh just the look of you, watching you silently while you shifted the sand with the shovel, your muscles rippling under your skin, and wiping away the sweat with the back of your hand. I could feel my body responding to you, every inch the real man I craved, wanting you to just have me now, and the drip inside started. 

I walked through to Rita's utility room, it was huge, carpeted, the size of most people's kitchens and kitted out even better. I opened her chest freezer and popped the bread and milk I had bought from the shop inside. My eye was drawn to the box lying on the top and a smile spread across my face. This wasn't exactly what I'd imagined Rita would have in her freezer, and so easily to hand too, the dirty bitch. 'Frozen Illusions.' I'd seen these advertised on TV as new and just out for summer. It was an ice lolly for grown ups, of sorts, but it was shaped like a large slightly curved banana on a stick, tasted like a banana, but it wasn't actually a banana, it was iced banana flavoured water and coconut milk. Designed to quench even the largest of thirsts. An oasis in the desert of a hot summer's day. Because it was almost transparent, it was a bit like a mirage in the sunlight, now you see it, now you don't - and some bright spark had invented the name Frozen Illusion. I took one out of the box for a closer look and shut the freezer. When I saw the advert I'd wondered how a whole design team had missed how phallic and pretty huge these things were. It reminded me of a sort of summer iced rampant rabbit. I smiled to myself and the image of you flooded into my mind. I leaned against the freezer and the faint vibrations made me want to lean against it harder. I pushed my body towards it, lifted the hem of my summer dress and pressed my fingers against my underwear free pussy. I closed my eyes, my finger brushing my clit and I lost myself for a few seconds in the fantasy of you fucking me, and when I opened them again you were leaning against the doorway watching me. You made me jump.

You walked silently towards me, stopped and I looked up at you, standing tall above me. You took my hand and raised it to your lips, inhaling deeply and allowing my scent to flood your nostrils and my pheromones to mix with yours. As if we hadn't realised it during that first long lingering look in the garden, nature had just declared us compatible. Your eyes became driving by longing and animal lust. One by one, you took each of my fingers in your mouth, sucking them and licking my liquid from them. You reached for my other hand, still holding the Frozen Illusion. 

"What's this?" you asked "What exactly Joy were you thinking of doing with this?" 

I said nothing. Your body pressed against mine, pressed against the freezer and I could feel the vibrations buzzing through my body. Instead I removed the wrapper and brought it to my lips, flicking my tongue across the tip before taking all of it deep into my mouth until the frozen tip brushed the back of my throat. I gripped the iced pole between my lips and slowly withdrew it from my mouth, swallowing the sweet cold juices and allowing you to watch my every move. You were pressing your body harder against mine now and I could feel the rock hard bulge in your shorts grinding against the natural groove of my body. I lay the Frozen Illusion down next to me on top of the freezer and you leaned forward to kiss my mouth. I could smell faintly whatever you had sprayed your body with fresh from the shower this morning, mixed with the sweet smell of your sweat and the slight stubble on your chin scratched against my mouth. My hands moved down over your chest, covered in golden hair and your stomach was hard and tanned. As your chest disappeared and your stomach began, the hair lessened and formed a straight line down to and beyond the waistband of your shorts like a billboard sign beckoning those who are interested to come this way. 

I unzipped you, my hands trembling at the thought of how good this was going to be and the sight of this rugged man up against me. Your hands came up around my waist and you gestured to me to lift slightly and sit on the freezer. Pushing me down so I was laying flat on my back, my knees resting on either side of your hips, you stood between my legs. Quickly your hands undid the buttons on my shirt dress and I thanked God for two things today -- that this year's most sought after dress had buttons down the front, and that Rita had not only the world's largest cat, but the world's largest chest freezer as well. Your hands were all over my naked skin, caressing my small breasts in your huge hands and visually taking it all in. I felt so vulnerable, laying totally exposed to you and I don't know you at all. But at the same time I'm so turned on by you, so excited by where we find ourselves, that I don't care. You could do whatever you liked and right now I felt I could take it. Your head moved between my breasts , kissing my skin, your tongue seeking out my erect nipples. I gasped as you suddenly covered one with your mouth and began to suck and bite at the same time. Your hands were all over me, one under the small of my back and the other stroking between my breast and stomach. You began to move your head down my body and excitement pulsated through me. You lifted my legs so my feet are resting on the edge of the freezer and push my legs wide apart. You stood for a few seconds just looking at me, gazing at my wide open pussy and then you said 

"Mmmm, just as I thought, so much more beautiful than Rita's." 

For a second my mouth dropped open in surprise as I tried to take in the suggestion that you might have actually had my 60-year old neighbour, and then I realised you meant Maxi and smile with relief. You were still standing there looking, and I'm burning up with desire for you. I realised you're waiting for something. I looked questioningly at you and you said 

"If you want something Joy, you're going to have to ask." 

It's almost as if you knew my mind. I've longed for such a long time for Brian to talk dirty to me or to have the courage to shock him with it. And here was the chance, you were actually asking me to do it. 

"Lick me," I said. You raised an eyebrow. Not enough. Not dirty enough. You wanted more.

I continued. "Spread my pussy wide open and lick me, flick your tongue across my clit and fill me with your fingers. I want to feel your chin scratching against me, your saliva trickling down my slit. I want you to moan if you like it so I feel the hum of your lips vibrate against my wet skin. Lick me Rob... make me come." 

You smiled, "That's better. You know what you like Joy don't you?" "Well, you asked for it love, now I'm gonna lick your pussy until you come in my mouth, and then I'm gonna fuck you until you beg me to stop." 

It turned me on so much to talk dirty to you, but hearing you do it back was even better. Your head disappeared between my legs and as your tongue began to lap at my clit, I gave in, arched my back and moaned loudly. The luxury of living in the country where your only neighbour is away on holiday is that it doesn't matter. I was so lost in the absolute joy of your tongue, I didn't notice you reach for what I had laid down beside you earlier. The shock of the ice cold against my pussy made me scream. With pleasure, and with a little bit of pain at the same time. The Frozen Illusion had replaced your tongue and the feeling was incredible. You moved the frozen pole up and down against my clitoris while I gasped and writhed around on Rita's freezer. Gripping the stick with one hand, you used the other to pull the lips of my pussy wide apart and swiftly and firmly pushed it inside me. I screamed and cried out again. Every nerve ending was numb from the cold but strangely heightened with pleasure at the same time. You began working it in and out of me, leaning back slightly to watch yourself at work. How delicious must this look I wondered? The melting coconut milk dripping from my pussy, my lips bright pink from the cold, my body writhing around, my face twisted in delicious pleasure and a continuous stream of "ohhhhhs" escaping from my mouth. You gestured to me to lift my legs in the air and I held them, ankles crossed high above my body and thanked God I'd kept up the yoga classes. You crouched down on the floor, your face now against my pussy while you continued to pump my wide open hole with the frozen dildo. Now a new sensation took over as I felt your warm tongue against me, licking the juices from the Frozen Illusion mixed with mine and swallowing all the time. Your head moved from side to side, your tongue all over the place and you licked me, all the way from the tip of my clitoris, down past my entrance, your tongue darting in once or twice on the way, all the way down to my arsehole. Your tongue was circling around this most illicit of places, such an alien feeling to me, but my reaction told you I liked it. 

"Do you like it when I do that Joy" you asked, the dirty talk I'd learned today I loved poised on the edge of your lips. 

"Do you like it when I lick your arse? Want me to do it again?" 

"Mmmm" I breathed back and he did. 

"So I'm guessing you'll like this then?" he said and pushed his juicy finger into the puckered darkness. With what was left of the Frozen Illusion still gripped tightly in my pussy and your finger up my arse you returned the attention of your tongue to my clitoris. I cried out with the intense sensations flooding my body and deep inside, the Queen of all Orgasms began to burst out. You murmured from deep between my legs in eagerness and my clitoris exploded in your mouth, squirting my pure pleasure over your tongue. You swiftly pulled out the iced pole and your finger at the height of my orgasm, the sudden feeling of emptiness enhancing the rhythmic contractions, and those sensations which I had never felt before, would stay with me forever. 

You stood up, grabbed my ankles and lowered my quivering legs back down, placing my feet once again on the surface beside your hips. My head was still thrown back against Rita's freezer, my hands gripping the sides in a vain attempt to find some stability. I opened my eyes and looked forward. No, not dreaming. Gorgeous tanned, muscular blond-haired builder still there, still smiling. Glimpsing his sizeable and beautiful cock springing from his cement splattered shorts, I had time to think just for a second how it too seemed to be tanned like the rest of him, a delicious beige colour, like caramel ice cream, before my breath was removed from my body as you pushed my legs apart and slid it deep inside me. Every thrust from you delivered everything I imagined it would. I raised my body from the waist upwards onto my hands and shuffled forward so I could take some control of thrusting down onto your cock. I wanted to get you as deep into me as I could. 

"Fuck me and fuck me hard" I ordered and you thrust harder into me, slamming your balls against me. "Faster Rob... oh yes... oh God!" You were fucking me faster and harder than I had ever been fucked in my life. I couldn't speak now, anything I tried to say just came out as a long moan, verging on screaming, as my body and yours pumped and slammed into each other. 

I saw you slow and begin to take deep breaths. You were trying to hold yourself back and take it a little easy. This was too good a session to end too soon. I eased my pussy backwards and you slid out of my soaking wetness. I grabbed your waist and pushed you back a couple of steps and then slid downwards with my back against the freezer until I was crouching on the floor in front of you. I cupped your balls in my hands and buried my head against your thigh, breathing in your dirty scent and allowing the possibility of your orgasm just yet to subside. A few moments later I let my tongue wander around the base of your shaft and lick you from top to bottom, as you had done to me not long ago. I could taste your scent, mine and the Frozen Illusion all mixed together, a potent cocktail more powerful than any drug because within seconds I had the overwhelming urge to eat you alive and my tongue was all over you. I took you deeply into my mouth, your cock sliding across my tongue and hitting the back of my throat. I gripped you hard and you held the back of my head, pushing me backwards and forwards against you, using my mouth as an airless vacuum to suck the very life from you. When your moans grew a little too loud, I softened my grip and covered your cock instead with faint flutterings from the tip of my tongue. 

It seemed my mouth had an energising effect on you Rob and you withdrew and pulled me to my feet. Turning me around you bent me forwards across Rita's freezer, spread the cheeks of my arse wide and thundered back inside my pussy, forcing a deep groan from my throat. I turned my head behind to look at you, my face etched with pleasure, silently begging you to finish off my hunger. You swept my hair backwards from my face and twisted it into a ponytail behind me and then tightened your grip and fucked me hard from behind. The power was all yours now. I moaned loudly, telling you over and again how well you were fucking me. Deep inside, the faint memory of a G-spot orgasm stirred. It had been a long time but it was coming, it was definitely coming. Surges of screaming ecstasy engulfed my body like flames and I pushed back hard against your cock. You delivered a stinging slap to my arse which both shocked and excited me. As another one rained down, your fingers moved across and spread me wide and I watched your face as you watched yourself sliding in and out of me. 
