 It was not long before Thursday rolled around. I was looking forward to seeing Brooke's sexy young daughters and spending time with them. I secretly hoped to get closer to the girls at this time, as I had Brooke. After work, I found myself walking casually up to the front door and rang the doorbell. I was dressed as usual in my work attire: dark slacks and casual green shirt.

Brooke's husband Mark opened the door and let me in. Mark and I had always gotten along and he was happy to see me.

"Hey Ken, thanks for coming over to look after the kids."

"Not a problem Mark," I replied as I walked into their spacious living room and gently sat down on their nice couch as he went to put their luggage in their convertible. Glancing around I noticed that the kids were nowhere around.

"So, where are the 'little ones' anyway?" I asked when Brooke came out from the bedroom dressed casually in tight jeans and a t-shirt, doing nothing to hide her hot body.

"Well, Angela is actually getting ready to go on a date while Kristina should be getting home soon, she had cheerleading practice after school today."

Mark came in after getting the luggage in the car. I told them to enjoy themselves and watched them drive off in their fiery red convertible, slightly jealous that Mark and not I were riding off to be with Brooke for the weekend.

Not long after Brooke and Mark left the driveway, Kristina walked through the door, saw me and smiled sweetly. At 19 and currently a senior, she looked very fetching with her crimson sleeveless cheerleader uniform. This sight instigated my prick into rising within the tight confines of my quickly constricting jeans as I returned her cute smile.

"Hey Ken, mom and dad must be already gone, huh?" she asked as she came up to me and gave me a warm hug.

"Yeah, they just left honey, so it's just you, me and Angela tonight", I replied as I returned her embrace, wrapping my arms around her lithe teenage body, caressing her smooth back through her uniform top. I was surprised when she lowered her hands down my back and gave my ass a tiny little squeeze through my jeans, one that sent a thrill of electricity through me when I recognized it for what it was. This young girl was flirting with me! Moreover, I had to admit that I loved the attention.

I reluctantly let her slip out of my embrace and she gave me a seductive smile as she bounced sprightly up the stairs to her room so she could change out of her sweaty cheerleader uniform. Just that was enough to start my cock responding, I had to get my thoughts off sex so I started making dinner for Kristina and myself.

As I began to get dinner ready for Kristina and I, Angela came down the stairs and I gasped in shock as to how astonishingly beautiful she looked. At 18, and a year younger than her sister, she was dressed in a short tan miniskirt that showed of her well developed sleek legs, combined with a tight pink long sleeve shirt that did nothing to hide her budding breasts and her shiny brown hair was flowing around her angelic face. The sight of this enticing beauty was enough to get me hard again. Being around these wanton girls was sheer torture!

While she ambled through the kitchen, I could not stop myself from looking appreciatively at her petite, yet sexy body.

"Well, well. Angela you look amazing sweetie."

She flashed me a smitten smile her eyes sparkling, "Thanks Ken."

"So where are you going on this date of yours tonight?"

"Oh, just to a movie with Steve." Steve Johnson was a kid in her class that Angela said she had a crush on for quite a while.

"Well, he's a lucky kid to be with an intoxicatingly beautiful girl like yourself. Have fun and enjoy yourselves. But be careful, you know how boys can get."

"Oh, don't worry I don't do anything I won't want to, 'dad'." Angela chided me playfully. "Besides, I'm waiting for someone a little older and wiser, like you." She responded seriously as she walked over to me and gave me a kiss on the mouth. Her lips inviting as I could not help but respond and I wrapped my arms around her lithe frame and lowered my hands to her skirt-covered ass. Before things could get to far the doorbell rang and Angela broke our kiss and whispered, "Maybe when I get home later I can take care of this for you." With that she gave my crotch a playful pat and rushed out the door as I gazed at her tight skirt covered ass as she bounded out the door leaving me horny and frustrated, but with Kristina still around I didn't dare relieve myself.

After a while, Kristina came down and we enjoyed the meal I had fixed. Kristina had changed into a comfortable white blouse and light lavender Capri pants that highlighted her sleek and shapely well-toned thighs. She had also put her shoulder length blond hair into a tight ponytail, giving her a sweet innocent look. As we ate, we talked mostly about school and sports, and as we were eating dessert, the inevitable topic of boys came up.

"Well are you seeing anyone Kristina?"

She frowned and averted her gaze from mine, "No, the guys in my school are all idiots. I've been out a few times with some of them, but they don't give me what I really want."

Surprised that she did not have a boyfriend and intrigued by her blunt answer I asked a question that had risen (along with my steadily stiffening cock). "What exactly are you looking for?"

"Sex," came the surprising answer as she brought up her head and smiled directly at me as her silky smooth teenage legs brushed up against mine and she leaned over the table and said slowly to me, "I want to be fucked by an older, more experienced man...like yourself."

I was shocked at her sheer wantonness and bold behavior, but before I could respond to these declarations, the phone rang and jarred our connection. Kristina jumped up and gave me a smile and a seductive wink as she bounded to answer the phone. I couldn't help but look at her sexy butt, thinking to myself what I wouldn't give to fuck that gorgeous ass.

As Kristina chatted on the phone, I cleaned the dishes and cleaned up the table, hoping to clear my head a little. She was still chatting when I went into the living room. She was relaxing lying on the couch with her Capri covered legs up in the air as she talked quietly to her friend.

I sat down in the chair across the room from her and picked up my book that I brought to keep me company for the evening. I could not keep my thoughts off the nubile teenager that was sitting across the room from me however, especially after her sexy declaration at the dinner table. Not to mention the way Angela had behaved earlier all but throwing herself at me. These circumstances caused me great discomfort as my slacks were almost painfully constricting my bulging prick.

I looked over my book occasionally sneaking a peek at her beautiful teenage body and eventually she noticed and gave me a swift smile and started speaking louder so I could her what she was talking to her friend about.

"Yeah Holly, Josh is cute, but I'm looking for someone a bit older. In fact, my parents' friend Ken is over tonight and he's really cute...what I wouldn't give to have him touch and ravish me..."

I swallowed, trying to contain my increasing desire towards this horney teenage beauty.

"Oh...I'd love to have him hovering over me doing anything and everything to me. I want him to fuck my pussy so bad; I am getting so wet just thinking about him. I wish he would drop his book right now and screw my wet cunt and maybe I'd even give him my ass," she moaned into the phone as she gave me an eye-sparkling smile.

Listening to this explicit talk from a horny teen was agonizing in and of itself, but having her talk about me as I was right across the room really got my prick rising in anticipation. I couldn't keep my eyes off her flawless skin and her concealed breasts.

"Well, I need to get going, Holly. My pants are getting soaked just thinking about this. I'm going to change into something a little more comfortable. I'll talk to you later, 'k? Bye." With that she hung up the phone and bounded up from the couch and I noticed a wet spot in the crotch of her capris. The little minx was genuinely getting off on this! While she went up the stairs, she looked back at me over her shoulder. Catching me glimpsing at her nubile body she smiled, "I'll be right back, Ken. I'm going to slip into something more comfortable."

Still reeling from the astonishingly effective seduction techniques emanating from this nubile teenager I just about came at that moment in my snug jeans. I remained in apprehensive agony in anticipation of seeing what Kristina was going to do next.

I put my book down as Kristina came down the stairs leisurely and the apparition of the young nubile woman descending the stairs mesmerized me. She had changed into a form fitting gray sleeveless dress that was amazingly short. Her stunningly beautiful legs sheathed in light black panty hose with black high heels on her cute feet. She had removed her ponytail and let her shoulder length blond hair frame her gorgeous adolescent face.

She ambled seductively across the room, reclined gracefully back on the couch, and smiled seductively at me asking, "Well Ken what do you think, stud? Do I turn you on? Do you want me?"

I rose weakly from my chair, stumbled over to her in a lusty haze, and placed my hands on the top of the couch so that I was partially hovering over Kristina. I lowered my face and gave her a soft kiss on her sweet lips. She responded by aggressively kissing me back and wrapping her thin alabaster arms gracefully around my neck and pulled my shirt off over my head. I let her remove my shirt and I gazed into her warm auburn eyes.

"So little Kristina wants to be fucked huh," I asked as I smiled down at her striking young face.

"Yes", she whimpered as I took her breasts in my hands and began to caress them through her thin dress.

Rising up, I stood in front of her angelic youthful face and let her unzip my tight slacks to release my hardened cock. It jumped out in front of her as my pants fell to the floor. I kicked them away as Kristina kicked her high heels off.

She smiled up at me wickedly, "Now this looks quite tasty."

She took my hardened rod in her small hands and I thrust forward slowly so she could wrap her hot little mouth on my rod. I could tell that this was not the first cock she had ever sucked, but I did not care at this point. The feel of her mouth and talented tongue on my hard member was pleasant enough to expel any other thoughts from my mind.

"Mmmmm," she moaned happily as her mouth went up and down the length of my bloated prick. Having this hot young petite teenage girl giving me fantastic head, I did not last long, quickly depositing a hot load down her young throat. Kristina surprises me yet again, by taking all of my hot spunk and swallowing it all in one gulp.

As I removed my spent cock from her exquisite mouth, I climbed up on the couch and lowered my self over her thin body. My hands caressing her firm agile legs, her silky skin feeling incredible in my hands. I reached under her thin dress and slowly removed her soaked panties over her smooth, silky legs and tossing them to the floor. I then took her tiny ass in my hands and lowered my head, dipping my tongue in her hot teen snatch.

"Oh, god Ken, suck my pussy," Kristina yelled loudly as I repeatedly penetrated her saucy slit with my agile tongue. Her hot pussy tasted sweet and reminded me a little of her mothers intoxicating cunt. However, Kristina was a lot more vocal about it.

"Fuck! Lick my pussy, Ken! God, this is amazing!"

It was not long before her body she shuddered in my arms with her first orgasm, shrieking loudly in a passion-filled orgasm. Her juices coated my face in the sweet tasting nectar of a teenage goddess.

After licking her sweet pussy juices up I rose from her drenched cunt, and gave her a hard passionate kiss on her sweet cherry lips and Kristina responded by passionately wrapping her athletically toned legs around my waist. Our kiss deepened, as she tasted herself on my lips.

My prick quickly reinvigorated by this intoxicating young lady. I eventually broke our kiss and stared into her warm brown eyes that reminded me that she was not her mother.

"Ok Kristi, are you ready to do it?" I gasped, as our sweat mingled in the air of the living room, "Are you ready to get fucked?"

She responded bluntly, "Fuck me Ken, fuck me like you do my mom, fuck me silly like I've always wanted you to, and cum in my cunt pleasssee...."

With that, I slid my rock hard cock slowly into her vice-like pussy, surprised to find that she was not a virgin.

"God, Kristi you've got such a tight, hot cunt..."

"Yes, Ken...mmmm...your prick feels so good in me! Fuck me!"

I repeatedly stabbed her hot cunt aggressively. Her thin teenage arms wrapped around my back as I continued to hump her tiny pussy. Her pussy felt exquisite clamped tightly around my throbbing erection. I grabbed her ass to get my prick deeper in her hot cunt. Kristina responded with a blissful moan, wrapping her athletic legs tightly around my waist. Her hair spread out underneath her and our fluids soaking her parents' couch beneath us.

Her hot cunt felt so good on my stabbing cock.

"Fuck! Kristi you feel so damn good on my cock. Your pussy is so hot, you slutty bitch!" I gasped to her.

Kristi responded by bucking up to me harder, trying to pull me deeper in her pussy.

"Yes, yes! Keep fucking my cunt...mmmmm."

Feeling my orgasm rushing forward, I kissed her hotly on the mouth and came deep in her unprotected young cunt as she gushed all over my penetrating cock as we embraced our orgasms simultaneously.

Basking in the glow of our first shared orgasm, I broke the kiss and smiled down at Kristi's sweat covered face. "Was that what you wanted?"

"Gods, yes." She responded trying to catch her breath, "I wanna keep doing it. Angela won't be home for a while yet, and I want more of your hot cock in my pussy. Could you fuck my ass later too?", smiled Kristina naughtily.

"I think I can arrange that." I replied as I picked up where I left off fucking her slick pussy with my reinvigorated prick as Kristi threw her snug pussy back at me, her smooth legs still wrapped tightly around my waist pulling me deeper into her teenage snatch.

I rolled us over so that she was on top and I gently removed her wrinkled dress. This gave me access to her lovely petite tits and I loved the feeling of her pussy grinding itself on my engorged cock as she rocked happily on my penetrating dick.

"MMmmmmm...Now this is nice. I've never been on top before. God, I love you!" She exclaimed as I drove my cock up into her pussy. Meanwhile my hands massaged her tits softly and I pulled her down as we fucked, sharing a searing passionate kiss.

I gently pushed her off my hardened cock, positioned her so that she bent over her parents' couch and I began to knead her plush ass. She looked over her sweaty shoulder at me with her smoldering auburn eyes, moaning to me in anticipation.

"Oh yes, Ken. Fuck my ass. Do it now!"

I knelt behind her glorious asscheeks and lathered up her bung so it wouldn't hurt as much. I quickly rose behind my blond lover and started fucking her hot pussy some more to lube up my hard member. Kristi grunted in passion as I plowed her tingling cunt.

I reluctantly disengaged my dick from her velvety cunt, grabbed her butt and guided my prick into her tight ass. It was tighter than her cunt, and felt wonderfully hot. She could only moan her satisfaction.

"Oh God, Ken! This feels awesome! Fuck my ass! Fuck it hard!" She looked back at me and begged me to continue. I rammed the rest of my cock into her hot ass as she bucked wildly back at me, throwing her body at me. The sounds of my balls slapping at her cunt reverberated through her parents' house as I continued to fuck her ass with my penetrating cock. Suddenly I felt her pussy contract through her ass and I deposited my hot load right up her warm rectum.

Kristi collapsed onto the couch and gave a satisfied sigh, turning around to kiss my mouth.

"Thank you Ken, I couldn't have asked for a better teacher, or lover. We'll have to do this again." With that, she bounded up to bed leaving me speechless and spent as I leaned back on the couch and quickly fell asleep.