 This is a joint effort with Rayvyn and myself. If the feedback is good, it will be a continuing series, with the two of us alternating the submissions. We hope you enjoy.

*

Charlie:

When Andi told me that she was being transferred by her company, I didn't think too much of it. After all, I can work anywhere, so it really wouldn't have that much of an impact on me. When she told me where she was being transferred to, though, I started to have my reservations.

We are a very open-minded couple, and we were moving to what is basically a very conservative community. I wasn't sure how, or even if, we would fit in. Especially in a town where they boast having more churches per capita than anywhere else in the country. However, I love my wife dearly, and she is very good at her job, so off we went.

Andi's company put us up in a very nice hotel until we found a house that we wanted to buy, which was a great convenience. That allowed her to settle in to her new job, while I went out and looked at houses when I wasn't working on getting my contractor's license.

One of the first things I did was to find a good real estate agent. Andi and I knew what we wanted in our new home, so it was simply a matter of finding an agent who could find us the right prospects.

Being a small community, we didn't have that many options to choose from, so we decided to call the first agent listed. I went into the agency and was met by the owner, a pretty, petite woman named Kathy.

My first impression of Kathy was that while she was indeed very pretty, she also seemed very reserved. She was all business as we discussed what Andi and I were looking for, although I did manage to get a smile or two as I tried to charm her.

After taking down all of our info, we made an appointment for Kathy, Andi, and I to see some houses, the following Saturday.

Meanwhile, Andi and I checked out our new town and the surrounding community. While it had a couple of good restaurants, they were mainly the big national chains or small family type places. The only place to have a real drink was the steak house, and the closest place to have Mexican or Asian food was over an hour away.

Being that we both came from a large city, where we thrived on the available variety of foods and people, it wasn't long before Andi and I started calling our new town "Vanilla Village".

Andi, being half Japanese, was probably the closest thing to a "non-white" person in the area. We met in college and both felt an immediate attraction. At 5'5", and at about 140 lbs., and having a 38DD chest, she caught my attention right away. After only our second date, we wound up in bed together neither of us getting any sleep that night, and our sex life has only gotten better since.

During our years together, we have discussed and explored many of our fantasies. We have done threesomes, both FFM and MMF, light bondage, and Andi has discovered that she loves taking my thick cock in her ass. Andi also found that she likes the taste and feel of women.

As we got to know our new area, we both figured that those days were in the past, with rare exceptions.

Andi:

What would I have done without my darling husband, Charlie! I uproot the poor man from his home, his job, his family, our town, to make a move with my company for a better position and more money.

When I told him where the move would be to, he got concerned because of what I like to call our "fun life style". We not just left our neighbor and good friends but left our "sexual community" of friends where we were able to be ourselves and fulfill lots of our fantasies. I know that Charlie will miss a couple of my girl friends that he got to know pretty well as I will miss some of his friends.

My company was going to cover our hotel until we found the house to call home so that took a lot off our minds but trying to acclimate myself at my new job and new place, Charlie took the burden of going to real estate agents while he obtained his contractor's license. I think I owe him something special for that.

Our first week there, we had a chance to walk around town one evening, familiarize ourselves where everything was and find all the restaurants. We find the local grocery store, a national chain, so we knew we would get all the foods we like and also located a major drug store, so we felt a little comfortable about being here.

While we were walking, Charlie tells me that he found a realtor and had made an appointment for us to see her this Saturday and look at houses. Being so new to town, I noticed that people tended to stare at us or maybe it that because I didn't look like your typical "white" woman, being that I was half Japanese.

I was starting to get self conscious and told Charlie. He smiled at me and say, "Maybe it's because your tits are so big, honey; not many women seem to be as endowed as you, or so I've noticed. Don't worry about it. I will take care of you when we get back to the hotel," he said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"I have to wait that long?" I asked, as I leaned across and kissed his full on the lips, slipping my tongue inside. We had stopped under a tree, as our kiss deepens, bringing more attention to us as I hear a hiss from a woman who walks by us.

When we pull away, Charlie and I noticed that people were shaking their heads in disgust and I think to myself, "What did I get us into?", as we head back to the hotel, hand in hand.

As Charlie closes the door to the room, I turn around, hug him hard and look into his beautiful light green eyes and sigh. He is slightly taller than me at 5'8", so when we hug, I can lean comfortably on his shoulder, which I find I do when I am stressed out.

With his arms around me, I ask him softly as I nibble his neck, "Sweetie, did I make a mistake in bringing us here?"

"What do you mean, Andi?" he asks, as he pushes us towards the couch, his arms still around me.

He sits on the couch and I sit on his lap and find my comfortable spot. Leaning sideways his wide chest, I start to unbutton his shirt and kiss his skin as more and more are exposed from opening his shirt.

"I mean, all I did was kiss you and the people looked at us like we were perverts. Can you imagine if they found out what I like to do to you?"

Charlie chuckles and I take his face into my hands and look at him straight in the face. "Honey, I am being serious!"

"What we do in our own home, once we find one, is our business. We can always invite our friends over for a weekend and still have our fun," he reassures me.

I feel his hands glide up and down my arms and feel the goose bumps start from the sensation. I love when he touches me, the feeling of electricity running through me and it causes some sensation in my pussy, too.

As I kiss his lips and face, I feel his cock hardening under my lap and know I am about to have that fun he is talking about. As tired as I am from working all day, I love sex with Charlie as he makes it creative, fun and I always have the best orgasms.

He may not be as tall as most men but he is good looking, nice and generous and would drop what he is doing to help out a friend. As he used to play football, his body is still pretty strong and solid even though he hasn't worked out in a little while.

One of his best attribute, though, is something that cannot be seen. His cock; oh my god, that beautiful thick, long and hard cock of his; and does he know how to use that huge muscle, to please a woman the way she wants and its all mine, though I do share from time to time.

Charlie nudges me to get up, which I do, stands next to me and removes all my clothes as well as his own clothes. He pushes me to the couch, spreading my legs wide as he kneels between them; because he is so huge he has to plunge his cock slowly in.

Reaching over my body, I kiss and lick at his lips, as he glides his cock deeply into me. Moaning, I lift my hip to meet his thrust and he gives a final shove and I feel him in my completely in my slick pussy.

He starts to pump in and out, slowly at first, then gaining speed as I buck my hip to meet his, my back arched. Groaning now, I tell him. "Oh, god, baby, feel so good! Oh yes, yes! Fuck me hard, Charlie."

"Oh, babe, your pussy is so tight and I don't think I am going to last long. I'm close to cumming, Andi!" He groans his eyes closed as he concentrates on keeping his orgasm at bay until I am able to cum.

I feel my orgasm so close and reach down to rub my clit to take me over the edge and scream out loud as his cock jabs into me harder and harder. "Oh, fuck, baby, I'm cumming!!! OH GOD YESSSSS!!!" I scream.

Charlie watches me cum and I feel his body tense and know he is about to cum himself so I lift my hip and lunge onto him faster as he thrusts in, hear him groan he shoots his load deep inside me as the waves roll over him.

Once we both come down from our orgasms, he sits on the couch next to me to he remind me that Saturday we have the appointment with Kathy.

I look at him, ask what she is like and he smiles and says, "You'll see," leaving me wonder what this woman looks like that Charlie is acting so coy. Shaking my head at him, smiling, we stand up, grab our clothes and head for bed.

Charlie:

I knew that Andi was probably as shocked as I was at the reactions of some of the people we passed on the streets, our neighbors, at a basically harmless display of affection. I made a mental note, that if these people got that offended by a simple kiss, I probably shouldn't grab Andi's ass as we walked down the street, either!

When we got back to the hotel, I think that we were both trying to reassure each other that things will be alright when we attacked each other in a frenzy of sexual energy.

It had been almost a week since the last time we had a chance to even knock out a quickie, and I know that Andi had to be as pent up as I was. That is a VERY long time for us! As we lay in bed that night, I hoped that the walls in this place were built well, or some people may hear a little more than they want to.

Andi amazes me sometimes when we are in bed. Not many women, over my lifetime, have been able to get me off orally, but she can do it almost every time. Her ass is nice and tight and she orgasms almost every time I can squeeze my thick cock up there, and her pussy is as tight as her ass! (She won't admit it to me, but I know she has to be doing Kegel exercises.) To top it off, she has a 38DD pair of tits that are as fun to watch as they are to play with!

We had adopted a "lifestyle", as Andi calls it, back home. While never the orgy types, we still managed to do a bit of swapping, including a semi-annual "Key Party" with a group of like-minded friends, who's attitudes were very laid-back and open. Casual sex was basically a way-of-life for us and our friends.

Knowing that we could always go back for get-aways, or have them come out here, along with knowing that I wasn't losing anything having Andi's talents to rely on, I decided to concentrate on the present.

All week, since I told Andi about our appointment with Kathy, she has been asking a lot of questions about Kathy. If I didn't know better, I would think that Andi was missing the taste of another woman's pussy even quicker that I was! Hell, it was only a couple of weeks ago that four of Andi's girlfriends tied her down to our bed and gave her a going-away party that none of us will ever forget!

At breakfast Saturday morning, over breakfast, I told Andi everything I knew about Kathy. "Baby, we're going to meet her in an hour. Remember, she needs us more than we need her.

"I know, honey," she said. "But this will be our first chance to actually talk to somebody for a period of time since we've been here. It will give us both a better idea how people think around here."

"I know that, but what does that have to do with what the woman looks like?" I asked her, laughing.

"Feminine curiosity, that's all," she responded, trying to look innocent.

Kathy was just parking in front of her office as we walked over there. She was climbing out of a high-end SUV, and she was not dressed for a casual Saturday. While she was dressed a little differently today than she was when we met the first time, she was still all business today.

She had on a beige suit jacket, with a matching skirt, and a pair of white nylons and heels. Today, though, her skirt was higher, a couple of inches above her knees, a little tighter, and her white blouse was sheer enough that I could make out the lace on her bra underneath, although it was buttoned to her neck, even in that morning's heat. As we walked into Kathy's office, I caught Andi checking her out. As I said, Kathy was attractive, but originally seemed too reserved for my tastes. Andi seemed to see something, though, because she smiled when she knew that I caught her watching Kathy's ass.

At about 5'3", and very thin, with what appeared to be a smaller chest and long blonde hair, I knew that Andi was reminded of Barbara, our neighbor back home, who was one of Andi's closest friends, who's talents and energies we had both enjoyed, together and alone, many times.

Joking with Kathy as we sat at her desk, I said, "I'm sorry, Kathy. If I knew that we were dressing up today, I would have worn one of my better Hawaiian shirts." I was dressed in my normal weekend wear of a Hawaiian shirt, shorts, and sandals. Andi was in a summer dress and sandals, and knowing her, probably not a pair of panties.

Kathy looked at me, emotionless, and said, "I ALWAYS dress for work. How you dress is up to you."

"You will have to excuse me," I told her. "I work in construction, and we tend to dress down a bit more when we work." All the while, I was thinking to myself, "Oh this is going to be BUNDLES of fun!"

If I didn't know better, I would have sworn Kathy gave me the once over when I said that, including a gaze at my crotch, as she responded, "Yes, I believe that you mentioned that in your papers."

Motioning that she had the papers that she needed, we all walked back outside to Kathy's SUV. Holding the door for the women as we walked outside, I also thought I caught Kathy checking out Andi's ass as she walked in front. "I must be going through withdrawal," I told myself. "I'm starting to hallucinate!"

Over the next couple of hours, while Kathy showed us five different houses, I did notice her paying a bit more attention to Andi than she did me, although she did seem to brush up against me quite a bit.

As Andi and I rode in the back seat of Kathy's SUV, on the way back to her office, Andi smiled at me, stroked the insides of my legs; I knew something was on her sexy mind, and I also knew that it meant I was in for a good time tonight!

Telling Kathy that we would let her know which ones we wanted to look at further, Andi and I went back to our hotel. As we walked, I asked Andi, "So you talked with Kathy quite a bit. What did you think?"

Andi:

"She seems to know what she is doing, but a little reserved, don't you think?" I asked Charlie, as he pulls me into his arms. I look into his eyes and lean close to kiss him on the lips. He turns me around and pulls me in close again, his hands covering my tits, pulling and tugging my nipples through my shirt. He kisses me on the neck, his teeth nipping and nibbling up and down, lightly licking my ear with his tongue as he rubs his hardening cock against my ass.

"Yeah, she does, but what did you two talk about for so long?" he asks again as he slides his hand under my summer dress and finds that I am not wearing any panties and glides a finger between my swollen, moist pussy lips, rubbing back and forth as my hips move with the rhythm.

Knowing my Charlie so well, this is his form of torture to get me to talk, so as he slides a finger into my pussy and starts to pump in and out, I breathlessly tell him that she wondered why we had moved here from the big city and if I was finding everything that I needed.

"I jokingly told her that all I needed was a nice home to be comfortable in, some good food, good drink and good company from time to time and always have your huge cock to satisfy me in every way possible. She was kind of shocked to hear me say that but I think it got her curious about you, honey. Not that she said anything but I noticed she was more attentive after I told her you had a huge cock and she listened to everything I said. She seemed to know where you were in the room at any given time, too."

"I don't know, babe, she seem to be more into you," Charlie answered. "She would not take her eyes off of you and if she only knew that you were there panty-less, she would have dived in and lapped you up," Charlie chuckled as he slid another finger into my already dripping wet pussy.

Pushing my ass against his rock hard cock, he lifts my dress in the back, spanks my cheeks lightly, knowing it turns me on. He knows how much I love his cock and how much I loved being pleasured by it, so thrusting it against me through his shorts is driving me crazy.

"Oh, honey, I need to feel that cock inside of me!" I tell him, moaning as I feel it rub against me again.

Charlie pushes me to the dining table and pulls my dress off and removes my bra, letting my tits bounce as he lifts me onto the table and casually sits in the chair, pulling my hips to slides me to the edge.

His hands move up my stomach to my tits and he gently caresses them, pinching my nipples, watching me move my hips towards him. With a smile, he spreads my legs, watching my face and says, "I missed my afternoon snack," and plunges his tongue into my pussy, lapping at my juices as he sucks on my swollen lips, licks at my clit and then down to my ass.

My hips are bucking wildly as the sensations are so intense and incredibly sensual. I can't keep quiet and hear myself moaning out loud as he continues to lick and suck at me.

As he sucks on my hard clit, he slides a couple of fingers deep into my pussy and starts to gently fuck me, slowly at first, then as if he was possessed, he starts to slam his fingers in and out fast and hard as he takes my clit between his teeth and nips and bites at it, knowing it will take me over the edge.

With his other hand, he slides a finger into my ass, which he knows will produce an incredible orgasm for me. With the juices from my pussy dripping down to my ass, he is able to slide it in easily and matches the tempo of his fingers in my pussy.

Bucking wildly, I feel my legs start to shake and my body tense as I feel the start of my orgasm. Charlie smiles as he feels his fingers caught in a vice grip, knowing that I tighten my body up before I cum.

"Oh, yeah, baby, this one is going to be good, isn't it?" he asks, as he pumps his fingers in and out, dropping his lips over my clit and sucking it hard.

I buck the instant my orgasm hits against his face, screaming out loud, "OH, GOD, CHARLIE!!!! YESSSSSSSS!!! I'M CUMMMMINGGGGG!!!" I feel my juices gushing out all over his face and feel his tongue licking away as his fingers continue to plunge in and out of my pussy and ass.

When I start to relax and calm from my orgasm, Charlie pulls his fingers out, stands up and removes his short and boxers. He likes to plunge in fast while my pussy is still twitching as it sometimes causes me to have another orgasm quickly.

He grabs his huge, hard, thick cock and places it at the lips of my pussy, smearing my juices all over the tip of his cock. He knows he is big and has to go slowly and easily, at first. He pushes it in allowing my lips to stretch and as he feels my pussy open to wrap around him, he starts to drive it in faster and faster, as the wetness of my pussy lubricates his cock.

Being so big, he hits every spot there is to hit inside my pussy and I start to feel the building of another orgasm as he begins to really ram his rigid dick inside me, spreading my legs as wide as it can go, lifting them over his shoulders.
