 This is another joint effort between Rayvn and myself. Please let us know what you think about this series. We hope you enjoy.

Charlie:

The day of the BBQ finally arrived, and the yard was looking perfect, if I could brag just a bit. I finally had the lights just the way that I wanted them, the stereo sounded great, and I was comfortable with my new grill.

Andi, knowing that I had everything under control, was in our room getting ready. She had been in there for a while, but I knew that she was going to be well worth the wait.

She was very secretive about what she was going to wear, only telling me that I would approve.

Kathy was the first to arrive, and came straight out to the deck. Even though I had seen her in business suits and completely naked, I was surprised by how she was dressed tonight. She was wearing a short skirt, an almost shear blouse that showed every detail of her lacy bra, and a pair of heels.

"Where's that beautiful wife of yours?" she asked as I handed her a drink.

"She's still upstairs getting ready," I told her.

"Well, maybe I should go and see if she needs any help," she responded.

"You just stay right here," I told her. "If you head upstairs, you two may be up there for hours."

"Party-pooper," she joked, sticking her tongue out at me.

"Hey, this is your party," I said. "I just want to make sure that you're here for it."

As I said that, Andi walked out of the house. She looked incredible! She was wearing a halter dress, which showed off her big, bouncy breasts. The dress had a short skirt, showing off her smooth, firm legs which ended in a pair of sexy low-heeled sandals.

"Wow!" was all I could say as I looked at her as she turned around for me.

"Do you like?" she asked.

"Amazing," I told her. "Between the two of you, I may not be able to function much tonight. All of my blood has rushed out of my head to points south."

"Oh, honey, you just wait to meet Sheri and Bridget," Kathy told me. "There is a reason that Sheri makes more in tips than everyone else in her salon, and Bridget is the most popular teacher in the school district."

Almost on cue, the doorbell rang. I answered the door with Kathy and Andi right behind me, and I was surprised. Doug and Sheri reminded me of Ken and Barbie, while Alex and Bridget could be cast as a modern day Mike and Carol Brady, from The Brady Bunch.

Doug was about 6 foot-even, clean cut and good looking, nothing like most of the construction workers I was used to dealing with. Sheri was about 5' 6", with long blond hair, long legs, and a gorgeous firm body. Her breasts seemed to be an average size for her build, I guessed a large "B" or small "C" cup, and a beautiful ass, all encased in a flowery summer dress.

Alex was tall, around 6' 2", and very thin. Bridget, however, was about 5' 2", with shoulder length, strawberry-blond hair. She was also very thin, I guessed no more than 120 lbs., but half of her weight must have been in her chest. I'm sure it was an optical illusion due to her small frame, but she looked like her breasts could rival Andi's in size.

She also had a beautiful pair of legs. Like the other women, she was in a short dress that showed all of her assets.

After all of the introductions were made, we headed out to the deck, where I started making drinks, and soon fired up the grill. We had some great conversations while we dined on our steaks, and I had a hard time not staring at all four ladies.

Soon, though, dinner was over, and we continued to talk. It was obvious that Andi and I were getting comfortable with our new friends, and I could see her sizing up both men.

Andi:

I noticed that Doug and Alex kept eyeing me but not in a friendly neighborly way and I wondered if their wives were ok with that, since this was such a conservative town. Doug kept glancing at me any time I got up and I realized that he was looking at my legs. And I especially noticed Alex eyeing my breasts during dinner over and over with a sly smile. It got my pussy thinking about what I would love to have both men do to me but then again, I had to watch myself and not scare these mild townspeople. But the thought of having Doug and Alex double team me has me so horny, I can't keep my mind on the conversation. Kathy better stay late tonight because she, Charlie and I are going to have a marathon sex session as I need to suck on pussy and have my pussy and ass fucked but good.

To get my mind off the men, I turn to their wives but it makes it worse and I would love to spread Sheri's beautiful legs and lick away at her pussy, making her cum like no man can do. Just to see her reaction if I did would be worth getting kicked out of town.

Giggling to myself, I looked at Bridget and knew that I wanted her so bad. Her tits were almost as big as mine, she was so pretty and I wanted to see her naked, on her hand and knees with her pussy spread wide for me so that I could thrust my huge strap-on hard and deep into her while I grabbed her nipples and tortured her, hearing her moan, grunt and groan until her orgasm hit her. Then turn her over, spread her legs and lick her pussy juices until she came again. I also want to lick and suck on her nipples and my mind started to wander about how big her nipples were. My one turn on was a woman with huge nipples that I could suck and get a reaction as I was told that I could do a better job than most men.

I look over at Charlie and he realizes that I am turned on, smiles gently and shakes his head, which Kathy notices and smiles secretly.

I get up to clear the table so I could bring out the dessert and Doug also gets up to help me, though I insist that I am ok. Following me to the kitchen, I place the dishes in the sink and turn to grab the rest of the plates from him. I noticed that Alex had also come in and as I turn back to the sink, I feel hands on my ass and hear Alex tell Doug how horny he was looking at me.

I turned back to the guys and see that Doug is rubbing his crotch area up and down as he smiles at Alex. Alex reaches to my breasts and slides his hand in and pulls me close with his other hand. He leans down to my ear and nibbles as he says, "We would love to see that body of your naked and those spectacular legs spread wide for us."

At first, I thought I heard him wrong but as his glides my hand to his crotch and feel the hard bulge, I know that I didn't. 

I look up and him and then to Doug and say, "I think this might not be a good idea as your wives would be upset at us."

Doug looks past me at the table on the patio and responds, "I think your husband is keeping them busy with his cock."

Turning around, I see that Bridget is on the table with her legs spread with Charlie between licking at her pussy and Sheri is on her knees with his cock in her mouth, while Kathy is sitting next to them watching as she slides a finger in and out of her pussy.

"You... you are all players, too?" I stutter, not believing my luck. I am going to get these two to double team me? I think to myself.

"Yeah, we kind of trade wives or ask Kathy to join in for some fun. We've been doing this for some time now and find it enhances our sexual lives with our spouses," Alex answers.

"So how 'bout we go to the living room and see that body of yours, sexy girl?" Doug says, pulling me towards the living room.

Doug takes his clothes off and has a beautiful cock standing at attention. He sits on the couch and starts to stroke himself as he looks at me. I only have my short dress and heels on, so I pull the tie off and my dress slides down off my body and I kick off my heels. I get between Doug's legs and start to suck and lick on his cock. Not as thick as my husband's, he still had a nice cock that showed all the veins from being hard and he was a little longer than Charlie, so trying to suck it all into my mouth was hard but I was willing to give it a try. By the sounds coming from him, though, I was doing a pretty good job.

I could hear Alex behind me as he undressed and was stroking himself as he watched me blow Doug. He pulled on my hair, telling Doug that it was his turn as he turned me around and had me suck him hard as he held on my head, thrusting his cock into my mouth, moaning as I took him all in, down my throat. As I sucked him, I noticed that he was almost as thick as Charlie and as long as Alex and the thought of his cock in my ass, got me so excited and wet.

"Fuck, Andi, Kathy said you were amazing but she didn't tell us that you could suck cock this good." Alex moaned. I continued to suck Alex for a little while when we heard some laughing coming from Doug.

"Hey, I need some attention here, you know," Doug jokingly says out loud. "Andi, come here and straddle my cock so I can fuck that tight little pussy 'til you scream."

Alex started to complain that he wouldn't get any attention and I told them both to wait as I walked to the kitchen and grabbed my massage oil and returned to them.

I handed the bottle to Alex and straddled Doug, letting his cock slide into my pussy. As I rode him, I turned to Alex and told him to pour some on his cock and fuck my ass at the same time; this must have been a new experience because his eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. He opened the bottle and started to rub the oil on his cock then poured some on my ass and closed the bottle, throwing it on the floor and spreading my ass cheeks. I felt his cock at my asshole and knew that I would finally get to have some fun that I hadn't had in a while. I felt him slide his cock in and then groan as he plunged in deeper and deeper.

Matching the tempo Doug was fucking me, I had both men's cock deep inside and I wanted to scream, it felt so good. I started to move my hips around, up and down, faster and faster, wanting to feel all that hot cum explode in both my sex holes. As Alex grabbed my hips, to pound me hard, Doug was pinching and rubbing my tits as his lunged into my pussy up and down. My hips were moving in circles as they pounded me good and I felt my body start to get hot and tighten, ready to explode into one of the hardest orgasms I had.

I was moaning and groaning, telling them both to keep fucking me hard and deep. I was so on fire and needed to cum that I was shaking. As my orgasm started to hit, I heard Alex say he was cumming and Doug was grunting as he plunged harder and harder into me, his breath getting shorter as he was close to cumming.

There were loud groans and grunts as the guys came and I couldn't hold back as I screamed out that I was cumming so hard, my body shaking and convulsing as my orgasm hit every muscle in my body.

As we came down, I heard giggling and looked up to see my husband and the other three girls watching us.

Charlie:

During dinner, I noticed that Doug and Alex were spending most of their time talking to Andi, and that Sheri, Bridget, and Kathy were paying more attention to me. I caught some sly smiles from Sheri and Bridget, and Kathy had a big smirk on her face most of the time. I also couldn't help but notice that my wife seemed to be as intrigued with the women as she was with the men.

When both of their husbands went into the house to help Andi with desert, I offered the women another drink. Sheri shocked the hell out of my by responding, "Forget the drinks for now. I want to know if your cock is as big as Kathy told us it is."

"Excuse me?" I responded, throwing a look at Kathy. Up until that point, I wasn't sure what she had said to her friends about Andi and I.

"I've told them all about you and Andi," Kathy told me. 

"Define 'All about us', " I responded.

"She told us that you have a wonderfully thick, long cock," Sheri answered, "and that she can't decide whether you or your wife have a better tongue. Now Bridget and I want to se if it's true."

I threw a quick look into the house, to see where Andi and the other men had gone, when Sheri told me, "Don't worry about her. Our men want to see if what Kathy told us about HER is true."

I could see Alex rubbing my wife's ass while Doug was rubbing himself, watching.

"Well, ladies, " I started, "I've always believed that in a situation like this, there is only one way to find out the truth. Sheri, since you started this, which are you more curious about?"

She answered by walking towards me, grabbing a cushion from one of the empty chairs, and getting down on her knees. She then told me to stand up. Never one to deny a beautiful woman her desires, I did as requested. She reached up, unzipped my shorts and pulled them down around my ankles. Grasping my hardening shaft through my boxers, she looked up at me.

"So far, it looks like she wasn't exagerating," she said.

She then pulled my boxers down, and my cock sprung up, still not completely hard, and almost hit her in the chin. I heard Bridget gasp, and looked at her, sitting next to Kathy.

Both women were sitting in their chairs with a hand up under their skirts.

Kathy looked at me and said, "You might want to sit down. Sheri has an incredibly talented tongue herself."

As I sat, I looked at Bridget and told her to place her cute little ass on the table so that she can decide whether Kathy had told the truth about my oral talents.

Smiling, Bridget walked to the table, lifting her short skirt as she climbed on top. As she settled herself on the tabletop, I looked down at her, skirt around her waist, lace thong quickly moistening, as she looked at me while she opened her blouse, pulling out her huge tits. It was no optical illusion, her chest really was that big.

I sat back in my chair and reached for her warm pussy while I watched Sheri examine my hard cock as she stroked it. Finally, as my fingers slid over Bridget's wet panties, I watched Sheri as she lowered her head, her hot, wet mouth wrapping itself around my thick shaft. I watched as her head started to bob, sucking and stroking my hardness.

I watched as she took my cock in as deep as she could while she applied the right amount of suction and tongue action. Once again, Kathy told the truth. Sheri was indeed a very talented oral magician.

I sat back for a couple of seconds, sliding my fingers under Bridget's thong and spreading her moisture around, while I enjoyed Sheri's talented and inspired cock-sucking.

Finally, I leaned in and lifted Bridget's ass off of the table as I started sliding her panties down her firm legs. After I set her back down on the table, I readjusted Sheri so that she could continue, while I started working on Bridget's wet pussy.

Taking a quick look at Kathy, I saw that she was enjoying the show. She sat there with her skirt around her waist, panties bunched up around one ankle, blouse open, and bra hanging open. She had one finger sliding in and out of her pussy while her other hand was squeezing her tits and pulling on her nipples.

I leaned in a little, took Bridget by the hips, and pulled her into me. She gasped as she felt the sudden movement, and then moaned loudly when she felt my tongue sliding around her hot, moist mound. I kissed and licked her inner thighs, and around her shaved pussy lips, avoiding her wet hole and her hard little clit. 

I had a hard time concentrating on Bridget, with the work that Sheri was doing on me. As I looked down at her for a second, I saw that as Sheri was taking my hard shaft as deep into her throat as she could, she was rubbing herself with a hand she had slid under her skirt.

I pushed Bridget's legs back, almost placing her knes to her chest, as I leaned in and placed my tongue at the top of her ass, then slowly licked and flicked my tongue the length of her crack. Bridget gasped as my tongue payed homage to her cute little asshole, and then proceeded to continue working my way up. As I reached her pussy, it was soaking wet. 

"Oh, my god, that feels nice!" she whispered she played with her huge tits.

Again, I slowly flicked across her moist hole, spreading her juices, and teasing her. After a couple of seconds, I started to patiently slide my stiffened tongue into her pussy, until I was face deep, with my nose just tickling het clit. I tongue-fucked her for a minute, and then I flicked along the top of her pussy, causing her to gasp, moan, and stiffen her muscles for a second.

As I continued sliding my tongue up her wet slit, I placed a finger at the mouth of her seeping hole. I slid my finger in just a bit, wiggling around, as my tongue flicked around her clit and the shaft, still not making contact with it.

Bridget was moving her hips a lot, trying to get me to lick her wanting clit. My finger was already making splashing sounds in her pussy, just flicking back and forth, and Sheri was doing her best effort yet to swallow my cock.

I could feel her throat muscles working on the head of my cock, and I started to sit back. "Oh, my god!" I moaned, having never felt anything like that before. Before I could get too comfortable enjoying Sheri's throat, though, Bridget reached down and pulled my face back to her mound. 

"You're not stopping now," she told me. "I was almost there. You just get right back here."

As she pulled my face into her wet pussy, I slid two fingers into her hole, and flicked my tongue along her clit. I used my other hand to spread her lips apart, giving me better access and making it even more sensitive for her. I started sucking softly, but firmly, on her hard little bud as my fingers were sliding in and out of her pussy.

"Oh my god, yes!" she cried as I increased speed with both my tongue and my fingers. "Oh , yes, I'm gonna cum!"

When she heard that, Sheri started sucking and stroking on my cock, trying to get me to cum, too. However, I had other ideas, and concentrated on Bridget, instead. 

Sheri was sucking, stroking, and slobbering all over my cock as I worked to get Bridget off. I switched back and forth between sucking on her clit, and flicking my tongue across it quickly, as my fingers slid in and out of her pussy, sloshing juices everywhere.

As Sheri increased her efforts, so did I. I found the sensitive spot to lick, along the right side of her clit shaft, as my fingers flicked along the top wall of her pussy, searching for her other sensive spot.

I knew that I had found it when she almost jumped off of the table and yelped, and then collapsed, moaning and moving her hips.

"Oh my god, yesssss!" Bridget moaned loudly as she writhed on the table. "Oh god, I'm cumming! Oh, shit! Oh my god!!!"

Sheri swallowed my cock as Bridget came, loudly, gushing juices all over the glass tabletop. She reached down and held my head firmly in place, and bounced her hips, sliding my tongue through her copious juices, and flicking her clit.

I sat back for a second as Bridget came down and caught her breath, and enjoyed Sheri's efforts on me. Popping my cock out of her mouth, she looked up at the table and said, "Wow! I don't think I've ever seen her gush that much before."

When I could stand, I placed myself between Bridget's legs and raised them. Placing her knees back at her chest, I slid my cockhead along the length of her wet slit. Sheri climbed out from under the table and reached out to Bridget's Full tits.

As sheri pinched and pulled on Bridget's nipples, I started to slide my cock into her pussy. I was soon balls deep and placing the soles of her feet on my chest. After I knew that she was ready, I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of Bridget's hot, wet, still spasming pussy.

"Oh, my god, that is so good!" she moaned as I slid just the head in and out. Sheri was switching between sucking on Bridget's nipples and squeezing them, watching us fuck. "Oh, damn! I think I'm cumming again!" Bridget gasped.

"Hey, that's not fair!" Sheri playfull pouted. "She's gonna get to cum again, and I haven't even cum once!"

"You're right," I told her. "You did such a good job sucking my cock, you deserve to have a good cum."
