 Setting: Night club, downtown Vegas. Summer, warm, near midnight.

I walk out of the casino after just losing my ass at the poker tables. I wander into the dance club to get a drink and hopefully change my luck. Bartender hands me my beer and I flip him my last $10 chip with an "Oh well, easy come, easy..." when I notice that he is not even looking at me. I turn to see what has his attention but catch nothing but a mass of bodies gyrating on the dance floor. I turn back to the bar and take a long swig when I notice her. Just a glimpse, in the mirror behind the bar, a flash of brunette tresses and gorgeous red lips. I snap my head back around and again and am blinded by a forest of bodies packed too closely together. I think to myself, I must be losing my mind as fast as my money as my eyes scan the crowd. 

The music stops briefly as the DJ changes up records and the fickle crowd starts to disperse. I see her, I think, as people keep moving across in front of me as I try to move forward onto the dance floor. I spot her standing at a table at the edge of the dance floor, sipping a straw through ruby lips. She's talking with apparent girlfriends, laughing and disappointingly, kissing the neck of some guy who seems to be more interested in the television then her. She tries to pull him on the dance floor to no avail, and playfully pouts as she is dismissed. She turns her back to him, chewing on her drink straw, when she notices me standing in the middle of the dance floor, watching her. 

She smiles as she averts her gaze and then slowly looks back again. I smile, nodding towards her with a small wave. She laughs and turns back to her table, unintentionally giving me a delicious view of her tight round little ass wrapped in baby blue fleece shorts. Then the unmistakable beat drops as Freek-a-leek starts to play. She reaches for her date's hand, trying to pull him to the dance floor with her, even playfully shaking her titties at him to pry his attention away from the TV. With a flick of the wrist, and a look of "your loss," she begins to move into the crowd that is quickly filing back in. 

She has her back to me, her hands holding her hair up off her neck before letting it cascade down to ther shoulders, her ass swinging side to side with the beat as she steps backwards towards me. I move to her, gliding through the crowd, before coming up behind her quietly. She spins towards me, slinging her hair around as her barely contained tits end up against my chest. She looks startled at first, but then grins as she starts to bounce to the beat, rubbing her fleece top against my open shirt. The crowd now packed around us, she looks up at me, mouthing the words "how ya like it daddy" as we begin to grind against each other to the pulsating rhythm. 

My hands dropping near her waist without touching her as she spins and backs her gorgeous ass up against my bulging crotch. She bends over to the front, glancing back over her shoulder at me through the strands of hair draped across her face, my hips thrusting forward against her perfectly rounded ass. She turns back to face me, her hands now on either side of my waist as she grinds down my leg slowly. She licks her full luscious lips as she works her way back up as the song ends, before smiling slyly and saying "bye, bye." 

I watch as she turns and heads back through the crowd towards her table. Dumbfounded by what just happened, I head back to the bar for a much needed drink. The bartender slides me a beer saying this one's on him as he chuckles. "Nice work out there" he tells me, apparently having enjoyed the show. I thank him and take a drink as I feel a hand brush across my back. I look over my shoulder only to see my latina princess walking by, glancing back, and motioning for me to follow her. 

I slide away from the bar, picking my way through the crowd, my eyes glued on her swinging hips. She pauses as she reaches a door marked employees only, and nods her head for me to follow her through. I catch her hand before the door closes and pull her back to me. She pivots towards me and our lips meet immediately. Our kiss, hot and passionate, hungry for each other. I nibble and suck at her pouty bottom lip, before slipping my tongue into her warm wet mouth. Her head tilts back as I begin to lick the soft sweaty flesh of her neck, finding her earlobe with my lips, sucking firmly on it. 

Her hands slide down my smooth chest, working their way to my bulging crotch. She begins to stroke up and down the rock hard protrusion threatening to burst through my pants, before grabbing at my belt, undoing the buckle. I look behind her, seeing an employee bathroom, and guide her to it, my pants halfway opened by her eager hands. We enter the single stall as I grab her hands and hold them above her head against the wall, kissing her open mouth quickly as I tease at her lips. 

She pants and gasps for air as she tries to kiss me back, as I hold her wrists with one hand. My free hand reaching down to lift her top over her absolutely gorgeous tits. She moans as my hand grips her firm breast, mashing her nipple with my thumb. I lean down and place my mouth over her rock hard nipple as my hand lifts her tanned tit. She moans and struggles to free her hands from my grip as my hand slides down between her thighs, rubbing against her heated pussy. 

I pull the strings holding her shorts up on the sides, dropping them to the floor. The cold metal wall against her warm cheeks sends a shiver up her spine. I spread her thighs with my hand before undoing my pants and dropping them around my ankles. She lifts her foot, placing it against the stall door, opening herself for me as I use my hand to guide my cock to her already soaked pussy. Her eyes staring straight into mine as the head of my throbbing cock pierces her velvet lips. Her eyes widen as my thick cock stretches her and she rises up slightly, only to ease herself down slowly as I thrust up inside of her fully shafting myself. 

I finally let go of her hands to grab under her thigh, lifting it up farther as I plunge deeper and deeper into her. Raw, animalistic fucking is my only thought as her hot pussy pulls and sucks at my dick. The walls of the stall shake from the force of my thrusts as she bounces down on me, undulating her hips with mine. Her eyes close as her arms wrap around my neck, her breathing stuttered and gasping. My cock pushing so deep inside her, the pain increasing her pleasure as she rides me, grinding down on my thick swollen dick. 

I hear her moan, and cry out as her pussy floods me, her juices dripping down around my sac, coating both of our legs. I lean back as my cock releases up into her, my cum spurting deep inside her soaked pussy, before dripping down my shaft and running onto our already sticky wet thighs. I bury my face into her hair, her neck, spent. Her legs shaking from the force of her orgasm as she holds me tightly against her. Our breathing slowing as the rush passes, I whisper in her hear softly "I knew my luck was going to change tonight, just never dreamed it could be this good."