 Chapter one

The trip to Vegas so far was uneventful, just a long hot drive through the desert. I just pulled into the gas station to fill up on fuel for the last leg of my journey. You see, I'm off to celebrate the new me. Having just gone through a divorce and all, I feel the need to escape. What better way than to return to my birth place, Las Vegas, a little spot of excitement in the middle of nowhere. Not that I'm much of a gambler, but after 23 years of marriage....... suddenly single....well....I'm exploring the daring side of myself. The tops down, the wind whipping through my hair and good old rock 'n roll is blasting on the radio. I haven't felt this free in .....well.....never. Now if I can just be as confident in real life, it all seems so easy in my head.

As I drive down the main strip, all the lights twinkle and shine. Every color flashing. Neon signs enticing you to enter their lavish establishments. What a sight! I pull into my motel parking lot. Nothing fancy, just a place to store my suitcase. I plan to take full advantage of this decadent little city, explore all my inner desires, where ever they might lead me. 

I get out of my car and stretch.......hands raised over my head, back arching, breasts thrust forward.......man does that feel good. Just as I turn to collect my purse, a man catches my eye, he winks at me. Embarrassed at being caught in such a personal moment I blush, but smile back. A tingle of awareness rushes through my body. WOW, tall, dark and handsome....yummmmm. He winks again, I look away shyly still new to being single. I turn and enter the lobby, a grin on my face, maybe there's hope for me after all.

The rooms not to bad, at least it's clean. I unpack my clothes. Looking at my watch I realize it's getting late. But then again, that's probably early here, things are most likely just getting started. I head to the bathroom to shower, getting ready to start my new life. I quickly unbutton my blouse and toss it aside. Next go the jeans, underwear and bra. Those last two items are gone forever, thrown into the garbage never to be seen again. I packed new sexy panties and bras and plan to indulge in my feminine side. No more plain, boring stuff, only silky sexy lingerie from now on, even if I'm the only one that knows.

Spirits lifted I enter the shower. Oh man does the hot water feel good as it cascades down my body. I've always loved the water, even if it's only the shower or bath. To my surprise the shower head is the massaging kind. I change it to a pulsing spray, alternating hard and soft.....uummmmm heaven. I lather up my hair with shampoo...uummmm the light floral scent smells so good. After I rinse my hair out, I reach for my favorite body wash, it has a soft, spicy, musky scent. I pour some on my scrubby and start to wash my body.....what a wonderful invention these scrubbies....they create so much lather. It just slides all over me. I scrub my arms and legs. The soft sensuous smell of the body wash permeates the bathroom. The steam swirls around creating a misty cocoon. I begin to caress my body......sliding the scrubby over my breasts, my nipples pucker into tight hard peaks......ohhhhh, ummmmm. It's been awhile....even cleaning myself turns me on...I moan......I really need a man...this is just crazy. I continue to run the scrubby down between my voluptuous breasts and over my stomach, lower still....between my legs......so much lather...it slips so smoothly back and forth....back and forth. I moan again, a little louder this time. I have got to find a man and soon! Frustrated at the building sexual tension I am unable to completely finish myself. I rinse off and end my lonely shower. I'm tired of this kind of satisfaction. What I really want is a man....hot......hard.....and willing.

Chapter two

It's kind of strange walking into a restaurant al alone. I have never really had to dine alone before. This new life will take some getting used to. Well, here I go, head up, shoulders back. "Table for one please."

The hostess leads me through the maze of tables. Glancing around I see that I'm not the only single one here, not that it helps much. She seats me off to the side, in a quite corner. I can observe the room from this vantage point while feeling less exposed myself.

"Help yourself, it's buffet," she says.

"Thanks," I reply. 

"Would you like a drink?"

" A beer, Guinness if you have one."

"I'll be right back with you beer, the line for the buffet starts there," she points across the crowded room.

"Thanks." Famished, I head over to the food and select some items. I return to my seat and eat. 

Looking around the large room, I can see a great variety of people. It's amazing just how many people come to Vegas. One reason I suppose, it that they're all hoping to hit the big one. That one chance to make their lives a little easier. For me, it's liberation. To be able to do what ever, when even and with whom ever strikes my fancy. I suppose there are as many reasons as there are people. All I know is that I need to find some fun! I passed a bar on the way to dinner, seems like a good place to start, but I think a trip to the ladies room to freshen up is in order.

The reflection in the mirror hardly resembles me. It's a little weird seeing this new face. The dark auburn hair looks good short and sassy and the soft natural make-up really brings out the rich chocolate brown of my eyes. And the red lipstick makes my mouth appear ripe and luscious, Not bad! I step back to view the whole package. My cream colored crocheted dress hugs me in all the right places. Nice and curvy, nothing like those skinny, anorexic models the fashion magazines seem to favor. Being voluptuous does have it's benefits. The deep vee of my dress enhances my soft, full breasts, exposing way more cleavage than I'm used to. I turn to see lots of bare skin. The back of this dress is even more sexy than the front. I twirl and the fringe at the hem line gently sways and brushes my lower legs, creating an enticing flash of tanned silky flesh. Again I gaze at my reflection and smile, revealing twin dimples. "You go girl," I say to myself, ready for some action.

As I stroll into the bar, I feel a shiver run up my spine, as though someone is watching me. Not a scary sensation, but rather warm and tingly. I turn around to see if anyone is there, but everyone seems to be involved in their own conversations. "Silly girl," I mutter, as I walk through the packed room. I weave my way through the array of people to claim the last open bar stool.

"Is this seat taken?" I ask.

"It's all yours," a pretty woman answers.

I sit beside her and introduce myself. We exchange pleasantries. 

"Are you alone?" She asks.

"Yes," I respond.

"Me too, Why don't we join forces, I really hate being alone, especially in a place like this."

I laugh, "Yeah, me too."

"Don't look now, but I think you have an admirer"

I swivel slowly around, "Where?" Just then I see him. The man from the parking lot. He looks even better than before. His tall muscular body is encased in tight blue jeans and a black satin shirt. He winks. I blush. Thank God the lighting is to dim for anyone to notice. What is it with that wink? I've never experienced such a rush of pleasure when a man flirts. It must be all my pent up sexual desires. I give him a huge smile, a silent invitation, he acknowledges it with a grin of his own. 

"Humm, what a stud," my new friend says.

"Shhhhh, not so loud"

"Don't worry, he's to far away to hear anyway," she giggles. "I think the night might just be looking up for you."

I peek again, but he's gone, "maybe not," I sigh. We quickly return to the process of getting to know each other. It's nice that I now have someone to hang with. 

After a while it gets to difficult to continue our chat because a band has begun to play.

We look around the room to see if there are any prospects, me I'm looking for my mystery guy. I'm not much of a dancer, but I do like it. I'm just a little rusty. A slow song is about my speed, close, feeling a mans arms warped around me would top off the night before I go to bed. There it is again.....that prickle of awareness...tap...tap...tap I feel on my shoulder.

I swing around and there he is. Right in front of me!

"Care to dance?" He asks in a low husky voice.

I can hear the beginning strains of Wicked Games. "Umm, sure," I say. Boy that was brilliant. One look in those sensuous dark bedroom eyes and I can't think of anything to say. He leads me onto the dance floor. We squeeze among several other couples. I'm a little shy and keep some distance. He gently grasps my wrists and raises them up and around his neck, then wraps his arms behind me, resting low on my back. I keep my head up, away form him, but he leans close.

"Relax," he whispers.

Little does he realize that when his breath blows across my ear, shivers surge through my body. It just happens to be a very sensitive spot. Any breath or caress drives me wild. Deciding to just go with this wonderful feeling, I loosen up and enjoy it. He nuzzles my neck. We sway and move to the music. This song has got to be one of the most seductive ones ever written. He gradually pulls me closer, my breasts now touching him. The contact is electrifying. I run my fingers through his dark silky hair. My fingernails lightly scraping his neck and scalp. I can feel his desire. A soft, quite moan escapes, letting him know that I to am effected by this instant attraction. He pulls back just enough to look me in the eyes.....he leans forward......Oh my God...he's gonna kiss me.....I don't even know his name. I lift my head to accept. Needing no further encouragement he lightly brushes his lips against mine. Warm, sweet lips caress mine......I sigh at the wonderful sensations. I open just a little and his tongue slips inside. The once innocent kiss turns very erotic as I suck his tongue inside my mouth. I begin to suckle it. I softly bite his lower lip. I run my wet tongue over his bottom teeth. My hands roam across his broad shoulders, squeezing. I press light kisses down his neck and gently bite...a combination of sucking and kissing. My nipples get hard and I can't get close enough. I press up against him rubbing my breasts back and forth across his chest, hoping to release to tension. The already warm room just got a lot hotter. I am so turned on. I could jump his bones right now. His hands drop and cup my ass. He brings my body into full contact..... his sex noticeably hard, hot. His cologne fills my head, making me dizzy with desire. The song fades into the background as we continue to devour each other. 

I realize that a new song has started...and it's not a slow one! Just a tad embarrassed by my uncommon behavior, I leave the dance floor. He follows behind. I am so confused by what has happened that I have a hard time looking him in the eye, but I do anyway. He smiles. I relax. 

He clears his throat, " WOW, what just happened?" He says.

"Beats me, this a first for me, I have never done anything close to this before, but if this is what desire fills like well ..... enough said."

He softly laughs, " I'm ready if you are."

I'm not sure what to say, my body is so sensitive and turned on right now that just one more look or touch will send me over the edge. I look into his eyes and just melt. I could eat him up. But now is not the place.....

Chapter three

One of the things I told myself when I started this trip, was to be daring, push the envelope of my comfort zone. I now am presented with the opportunity to do just that. Although I'm somewhat nervous, I'm excited too. I grab my mystery guys hand and pull him from the bar, not that he resists much. When I reach the elevator I turn and engage him in a deep open mouthed kiss. Our tongues tangle, dueling for possession.

"PING." The elevator door chimes. It's empty! We walk inside. I can feel the heat of him as he steps close behind. He lightly rests his hands on my shoulders, softly caressing, sending shivers of excitement through me. I moan softly. His fingertips lightly draw minute circles over my upper chest, getting wider and wider. At last he slips them under my dress, underneath my lacy bra until he reaches my tight nipples. I lean back, resting my head against his shoulder. I press my ass into his lower body. I can feel his readiness pulsing against me. He tweaks my sensitive buds, pinching and rolling them between his thumb and index finger. He cups my breasts in his palms, testing their heavy weight. I pant and moan a little louder. Oh God, this feels so wonderful. He squeezes my tits massaging them. He removes his hands and traces a path towards my ribs, down over my stomach, lower to the core of my raging desire. I'm so aroused, so wet, so ready! He cups me through my dress. I grind my ass against him. He pulls away suddenly. I groan, disappointed. I turn to see why. 

He pushes the red stop button. "Just in case." He grins and returns.

I reach up and unbutton his shirt. The need for skin to skin contact is overwhelming. I smooth my hands over his lightly haired chest. I find a nipple and take it into my mouth. I gently bite, rolling his hard nub between my teeth, sucking. My hands roam all over his lean hard body. I can't seem to get enough of him. I'm on fire. I rub my hand down his body and cup his penis. He's so big, so rock hard. I gently squeeze his balls. I reach for his belt buckle, fumbling in my haste. Once open, I undue the snap and slowly draw the zipper downward. His sex is so swollen. It tents his sexy boxers. I reach inside the slit needing to feel his hardness in my hand. I need to touch his pulsing shaft. I push his jeans and boxers down. They puddle at his ankles. I grasp his satin soft penis in my hand and tighten my grip just a little. I gently pull. I knead up and down his long shaft, slow at first, then I begin to quicken my stroke. He moans, I feel his tremors. I kneel in front of him, wanting a taste. I lick the head of his penis, lapping up a small drop of juice. I swirl my tongue around, teasing the tip. I draw him into my mouth and suck. My hand cups his balls and tickle him with light feather touches. I suck harder taking him deeper into my mouth. In and out. His moans excite me to a fever pitch. Encouraged, I flick my tongue all around his long, pulsing cock. When I reach the root, I suck his balls deep into my mouth loving their silky soft texture. His breathing is hard, irregular. He moans quietly. He urgently pulls me up and turns me towards the wall. He pushes me up against it. He places my hands on the cool surface above my head. He grabs the hem of my dress and gathers it around my waist. 

Eager to caress me he whispers, "hold this."

I grab hold of my dress. Now both his hands are free. He cups my damp pussy. He pushes my panties down. I step out of them. He draws his finger between my wet lips. He inserts one finger deep inside, teasing me. He grinds his hips into my ass. He spreads my legs farther apart for better access. His enormous dick teases my cunt. He pushes into my opening. Slowly he sinks inside. He retreats then thrusts forward again, going a little further, driving me crazy. I wiggle my bottom trying to get closer. I want his huge cock all the way inside. He plunges it deep in one sure thrust. Oh God, this is so incredible. He pumps harder and harder. His hand finds the wall for support. Faster and faster he pumps. He reaches around me and with his free hand and plays with my pussy, pinching my swollen nub, driving me wild. I can feel myself begin to climax, I can only hope he's right there with me. It's been so long. I don't want this glorious feeling to end, but I'm spiraling out of control. I can feel the increasing rhythm as he speeds up. He's close too. Harder and harder he drives into me. Faster and faster he thrusts. Oh God I'm cuming! My whole body explodes. Tiny electrical currents race over my body. The aftershocks tingle and roll throughout my entire being. His release is simultaneous. We sag into the wall, breathing hard, gasping in the wake of our powerful orgasm. His breath is hot on my neck. He nuzzles my ear. I shiver. He kisses my ear, gently suckling my earlobe, igniting my desire again.

He smoothes my dress back into place and redresses, making us presentable. Although I'm sure one glance and anyone will know what we just did. I look at my watch surprised that only fifteen minutes have elapsed.

"Mustn't forget these," I say, as I put my panties in my purse. He winks. I blush. He restarts the elevator.

"My room or yours?" We ask in unison smiling at each other. The night has just begun.