 The heat hit him like a furnace blast as he walked out the automatic sliding doors of the airport. Looking around his eyes fell upon the shuttle bus that would take him to the car rental place. Thirty minutes later he stood in front of the door to his hotel room and he swiped his key card and stepped inside as it opened. 'Not bad,' he thought to himself while eyeing the king sized bed and the two-seater couch in the corner next to the window that overlooked the Vegas Strip. With a shrug of his shoulder he dropped his backpack to the floor and pulled his rolling suitcase up on the small rectangular table in front of the couch.

After removing a few of his electronic devices from the bag he sat down on the edge of bed and fished his phone out of his pocket. Quickly finding her number he opened a new text message and typed out 'Just got to the hotel, still on for tomorrow?' Laying the phone down he rummaged through his luggage again and carried all his shower and teeth cleaning items to the bathroom. The sound of a dying phone ringer had him rushing out of the bathroom back to his phone to read the incoming message.

'Yes, breakfast or lunch?'

'Breakfast. The earlier we hang out the better =)' A big smile spread out across his face as laid the phone back down and picked up the remote to the TV. Flipping through the channels he settled on a show about remodeling and saving bars from bankruptcy. Ten minutes passed before another text came to his phone.

'Ha ha. Breakfast only, no funny stuff. I'll text you when I'm on my way'

We'll see about that he thought as he typed 'Great, see ya in the morning.' A few minutes passed as he stared at the screen re-reading her messages. With a sigh he laid his phone down and watched TV for a while longer before heading down to one of the many restaurants the hotel offered to find some dinner.

The next morning he woke up a good two hours before the alarm even thought about going off, the time difference throwing off his internal clock more than he expected. Ten minutes passed of him laying and staring at the ceiling with thoughts about breakfast and meeting her for the first time after eighteen years of online friendship. Before the butterflies were able to fully encompass his insides he managed to fall asleep for another hour. 

The alarm woke him up and the tightness in his boxers made it hard for him to stay laying on his stomach. The butterflies had turned into dreams about her and the end result was as expected. Sliding to the edge of the bed he stood and removed his boxes and walked into the bathroom. Quickly steam from the shower filled the room and he pushed the curtain to the side and stepped under the hot water. Luckily the warmth relaxed his entire body and made his cock soften. "Don't worry buddy," he told it, "I'm hoping you'll be really happy in a few hours." Thirty minutes after he finished dressing his phone notifications went off.

'on my way, meet you in the lobby in 10 min.'

Grabbing his wallet and key-card he left the room in a hurry and walked to the elevator.

Fifteen minutes later she walked through the lobby door. He smiled and visually soaked in every bit of her. Her red hair that fell past her shoulders, long tanned legs that disappeared into the loose sun dress that hung down to the middle of her thighs, the tightness of her body and fullness of her C sized breasts that were in danger of coming out of her push up bra. He waved at her as he stood up from the bench and walked towards to her. 

Pulling her into a tight hug he said, "It's nice to finally meet you. You look amazing." His hand lingered on the small of her back, loving just the feel of her finally after all this time. 

Hitting him playfully with her fist she replied, "Whatever. You look nice though. I Told you that you should smile more."

He rolled his eyes, "Yeah whatever. Thanks." He made it a point to smile at her.

"Where do you want to eat?" she asked while smiling back. 

"Doesn't matter to me," he replied, "One of the restaurants here is fine."

"Okay, lead the way," she said waving her arm in front of her. 

"Nope, beauty before age," he said as he pushed against the small of her back to encourage her to walk ahead of him. His fingers lingering as long as they could until she stepped out of reach. With a glance down he watched the back and forth sway of her dress as she walked. A genuine smile filled his face as he wondered how her ass looked uncovered and which style of panties she had wore today.

Breakfast was uneventful. They chit-chatted back and forth about what each had been up to the previous week. Before either had realized it an hour had passed. 

"Crap. An hour already gone. What do you want to do now?" she asked, "Anything out here in particular you want to see? A casino? The pawn stars building?"

"I don't know," he said looking at his plate, "This is your town. What do you recommend."

"You know you've barely looked at me since I got here, so I recommend you do that. Or am I that hard to look at or something?"

Quickly he raised his eyes to hers and smiled, "No, quite the opposite actually. Your amazing to look at. I just don't want you to think I'm staring or get caught looking at your chest."

With a laugh she said, "Whatever! Not like they are even worth looking at. It's more the magic of the bra than whats inside it. Besides, you have nice eyes. Maybe THAT'S what I want to see."

"Careful, that could almost be taken as 'funny stuff'.' Plus mentioning your bra is unfair, because now I'm wondering what it looks like and how magical it really is."

"You're right," she replied with a frown. "Totally unfair of me to mention a bra that you won't get to see. Lets just go drive around a bit, I'll show you the day version of Vegas and maybe if your lucky I'll come back later and take you out to the night version."

"I hope we do spend that much time together. Before we leave though I want to go back to the room and get my iPad, it has my work emails and stuff on it."

"Sounds good."

Pulling some cash out of his wallet he paid for breakfast and they walked to the elevator that led to the upper floors. 

The elevator doors opened once it reached the 40th floor. They stepped out together and walked down the hallway to his room. A quick slide of the card the door opened and he held it for her. She walked to the window she gasped. "Wow. What an amazing view. I've not been this high up in a long time."

Yes, he thought, what an amazing view as he looked at her standing at the window, the bright desert sun shining around her and through the thin material of the sundress, perfectly outlining her body. Before his brain even registered what he was doing he felt his arm wrapping around her waist and turning her around to place his lips on hers in a long soft kiss. 

Shock ran through her body and she tried to pull away until the softness of his lips melted all her resistance. Her hand went to his face to feel the thin stubble covering his chin and cheeks. After what seemed an eternity their kissed ended. She turned back around and faced the window, gazing out over the other casinos. 

"What was that?" she asked softly.

Stepping up behind her he wrapped his arms around her midsection and held her. "I couldn't resist. You looked so beautiful standing in the window, the sun outlining you. I don't regret it and I'd do it all over again."

"Oh you think you would huh?"

"Yes," he replied softly. He brushed her hair away from her neck and over her shoulder so it fell down her chest. Softly he pressed his lips against the left side of her neck and began kissing it as his right hand caressed the other side, the finger tips lightly sliding up and down.

She leaned against him, moaning softly, her neck was one of her weak points. "Okay, you win," she smiled, "No funny stuff though..." Whatever else she was going to say was lost as he turned her around and placed his lips back on hers. A few minutes pass before she pulled away, "Wow. You really good at that," she said breathlessly.

He smiled. "Thanks, you're not so bad yourself. I do hope to kiss a lot of places on you before the day is over."

She raised her eyebrow, "Oh? You do huh? Just full of plans aren't you? Dare I ask what the next part of this plan is?"

"This," he replied as he unhooked the top few buttons of her dress and pushed it down her shoulders and let it fall to the ground. A red lace bra that did barely contain her breasts awaited him. Shaking his head he said, "Its not the bra, its all you. Amazing from head to toe." His gaze flowed down her body, her tight stomach, the cute belly button sitting just above the red see through boy short panties that left little to the imagination with two long legs completing the package. 

Her face went red with embarrassment. "It's not that great, I'm no super model."

"You look super to me," he replied kneeling down to kiss her knee. First the top of it, then slowly he moved up her body placing little kisses all over her leg until he reached the bottom edge of her panties. Sliding his head to the side he kissed the middle of her panties, teasing her pussy through thin fabric. Moving his kisses upward he kissed the bottom of her belly, then her belly button, up the middle of her stomach and chest until the bra barred his way. A quick kiss on the tip of each lace covered nipple before he stood and placed his lips on to hers for another deep kiss. 

Her hands wrapped around his neck and held him close as she enjoyed the feel of her lips on his, their tongues meeting then retreating. Her fingers ran through his hair and pulled it as she kissed him deeper. She pulled away smiling. "I love the feel of your lips. No one has ever kissed up my body like that." She laughed, "Too bad you were lip blocked by the bra. Lets fix that." Her hands went behind her so she could unhook the bra and let it fall to the floor. 

His eyes grew wide as her hard, bright pink nipples stuck out a good half inch from the even darker pink areola's of her gravity denying breasts. Twisting her shoulders slightly she made them sway back and forth a little in a mesmerizing dance.

"Well?" she asked.

His answer was to lean in quickly, his mouth latching on to her right nipple, kissing the tip before taking it in his mouth to nibble it softly before sucking it greedily. His left hand went to her left nipple and softly caressed it with his thumb, moving the hard nub in circles as his tongue did the same to the other one. Swirling around it, sucking more and more of her breast into his mouth, sucking and licking it all over. 

Her moans escaped her softly at first but became louder as he pinched her left one between his thumb and finger. Her knees began to shake and weaken. "I need to sit down," she whispered out of breath.

Finally releasing her nipple from his mouth he stepped out of her way and allowed her access to the couch and had her sit down. With a wild smile on his face he kneeled down between her legs and pushed them wide with his hands and leaned in to kiss her belly button. Looking down at the top of his head she ran her fingers through his hair, loving the thickness of it attempting to curl around his fingers. 

Without pausing, he ran the palm of his hands up and down the outside of her legs, just enjoying the feel of her smooth skin against his entire hand. Sliding his fingers under the elastic of her panties he began to slide them down. Her hips raised off the couch to accommodate him. Down her thighs and over her knees the fabric slid until her feet were free of them.

She laughed to herself seeing the big grin on his face as his eyes locked on to her pussy. "Well from that expression I assume you like what you see?"

"Oh my god yes," he whispered. In a louder voice he said, "I love the bareness except for that little strip showing me where to kiss."

"Oh, planning on kissing it are you?" she asked as she coyly she closed her legs. 

"Definitely," he said as he put his hands on her knees and slowly pushed them back open. "You can't hide that from me," He laid a kiss on the inside of her knee before kissing his way up her inner thigh, the small licks in between the kisses sent shocks up her spine. Just as she anticipated the kiss on her pussy he skipped over it and moved to the other thigh and began kissing and licking it. 

With a sigh of disappointment she said, "Your so mean. Finish what you started. Kiss it deeply." With a whisper she added, "Please..."

"Who am I to deny the request of a beautiful redhead?" he asked as his thumb slid up and down the small strip of hair, causing goosebumps to appear on her skin. Leaning in he kissed her bare lips. Soft kisses up and down her pussy, covering every inch of it. Slowly his tongue flicked out and he licked her opening lips. Her wetness soaking his tongue. His hands went around her to wrap around her waist, rubbing her lower back and pushing her against him. Minutes pass as his tongue worked up and down her pussy, licking the outside and pushing in to lick her deeper and deeper. Her moans drove him to lick harder and faster, her hips rising to meet him, her hands on the back of his head, pushing him against her.

Moaning loudly her head rolled back as her thighs began to quiver, her pussy aching for more. His hands disappeared from her body and the licking came to a stop. Gasping she opened her eyes and asked, "Why did you stop?"

With a laugh he replied, "My jeans are getting too tight. I need to undo them before I really hurt myself." 

She laughed with him and stood up. "Wait! I get to unwrap you like you did me." She pulled him up to his feet and her hands find his belt. Nimble fingers had it unlatched quickly along with the button at the top of the jeans. Slowly she pulled the zipper apart and pulled the jeans down, the outline of his hard cock straining against his boxers. As he stepped out of the jeans she grabbed on to the bottom of his boxers and yanked them down to the floor. His cock bounced out of its confines fully erect. 

"Wow. Very nice! And thick." She let out a small laugh. "I love how the tip is redder than the rest." Reaching out she wrapped her fingers around the shaft, and began pumping up and down slowly. She sat back down on the couch and pulled his cock so he had to step closer to her. Pulling it to her mouth she kissed the tip, flicking her tongue around it and gathering the tiny bit of cum that peeked out the tip to taste before taking more and more of his cock into her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down on it, her tongue rolled around the tip every chance she got while her hand slid and up and down. Her other hand reached out and cupped his balls and softly rubbed them while continuing to suck his cock faster. 

Looking down he watched his cock disappear over and over into the ecstasy that was her lips and mouth. The pressure pulling his hips forward with every suck. After a few minutes of her intense sucking she pulled back and stared as his cock. "You have the best cock I've ever sucked." She pushed the bottom of it with her finger so it pointed up and licked the shaft from base to tip over and over, just running her tongue up and down before taking it back in her mouth and sucking it. Many minutes passed until she can feel him tense up, pulling him from her mouth she said, "You can cum in my mouth, I want to taste you."

Not needing any more encouragement then that his body convulsed once as his orgasm hit and his cum flooded into her mouth. Wasting no time she began to swallow it all as the first bit hit the back of her throat, taking all that came from him and kept up her suction and hand pumping until he was dry. 

"Wow... That... Was amazing," he replied in a daze. He took her hands and pulled her to a standing position. Her arms went around him and wrapped him in a hug. 

With a giggle she said, "I agree, very nice."

He kissed her forehead. "I'm glad we met up today for breakfast."

"Me too."

He led her over to the bed and laid her down. "Scoot to the middle and lay on your back."

"Okay," she said as he laid down between her legs and pushed them open again. With no hesitation he began licking her pussy. No knee or thigh teases this time. His tongue lapped up and down the middle of her now soaked lips. His hands pushing her legs wider and higher, opening her pussy to his probing tongue, pushing between her outer lips to lick the wetness inside. His tongue darting to her clit to swirl around it and lightly suck it. 

Her moans began softly, but his aggressiveness and the first lick of her clit she became louder, pushing her thighs against him, her hands grasping the sheets on the bed. His tongue never let up on her swollen pussy, each firm lick of his firm tongue sending chills down her spine, her pussy throbbing more and more. Soon she felt a finger sliding inside her, his tongue twirling her clit as his finger slowly moved in and out. First barely the tip, then half his finger, until she felt the whole thing inside of her. Slow constant strokes in and out of her until his finger slipped all the way out. Her breath was heavy, her chest heaving while his tongue still moved around the outer lips. Then two fingers slowly slide inside her, her tight pussy barely making room. "Oh my god that feels so fucking good. It's not used to all that attention."

"I'm not even half way done yet." He opened his fingers as wide as he could, pushing against the tightness of her pussy Her moans became even louder as the thumb of his other hand begins to rub her clit firmly, first in a slow circular motion, round and round as his fingers went in and out of her. His thumb went faster and faster as both fingers matched speed inside her. Within minutes her body began to shake. 

"Oh my god, I'm close..."

Her word encouraged him to rub faster until her hips raised off the bed, forcing his fingers deeper, "Oh... Oh... OH!!" Her pussy tightened around his fingers and soaked them even more as her entire body shook from head to toe.

Her body gave one last shiver before she laid back breathing hard, her breasts bouncing from side to side with the deep breaths. "Wow. I've never came from just someones fingers."

He crawled up the bed and laid beside her, his hand going to her breast to cup it with his palm and rub her rock hard nipple lightly with his thumb. "That's just round one."

"I don't know if I can take another round. That was very intense."

"I'm sure you'll do fine," he replied as he leaned in and began to kiss her again. His hand roaming down her body from her nipple to her belly, jumping to her arm he took her hand in his. They kissed and held hands for a few minutes before he guided her hand to cock. She took it in hand and began to stroke it up and down slowly, coaxing it back to full hardness. 

"What should I do with this?" she asked with a smile while squeezing her hand around it.

He rolled on to his back so it stood straight into the air. "Straddle and ride of course."

She gave him a look that seemed to say 'Alright' and swung her leg over his waist and sat upon her knees. With right hand she guided his cock to her waiting pussy. Slowly she slid her body down on it. "Oh my god that's tight," she gasped. "You're so thick."

He just lay there gazing up at her body, loving her breasts hanging above him, the nipples protruding from her body, letting her fill her pussy with his cock own pace. His hands rested on the tops of her thighs, squeezing and rubbing them softly.

With a loud moan she sat down fully, pushing his entire cock deep into her. Up and down she slowly began to ride on it. Her breasts bouncing in motion with her body. Soon he began to thrust against her on each down bounce of her body, pushing his cock deeper inside her. Harder and harder she bounced up and down on him before slowing and stopping. She looked down at him, his cock still deep inside her. 
