 This is a work of fiction inspired by women with open minds – and open legs. They are sexy, fun, and like to have sex. I hope you like, Deb.

*****

I woke up in our hotel room and saw that the clock said 2pm. I remembered where I was. Vegas, baby. My friend Laura and I had decided to spend a few days in Vegas. It was mid-May and the weather was warm, but the heat was not intense yet. We were going to drink, party, get some sun, and – oh, yeah – maybe find some guys. 

Well, that part certainly worked. Laura, knowing I had a submissive side, immediately picked up two guys, Dave and Bill, in a club. She realized they had just made some money in a tech company startup and were in Vegas to party. We went back to their place where Laura turned me into their personal cum dump. Yep, they even called me that once. My nickname was given as cum slut. Laura let Bill fuck her and spurt onto her pussy right over my face, sat on my face with her cum-covered cunt, then had Dave fuck my tits and cum in my mouth. She then had me lean against the headboard and teased my pussy while Bill fucked her from behind. After she had an orgasm and since he was still hard, I got to suck his cock for another load of cum. Then Laura sucked me to my well-earned orgasm. That was just the first round. 

After some recovery time, which Bill and Dave didn't need much of since they took some Viagra, we went at it again. This time Laura made me lube up her ass and Dave's dick so Dave could fuck her in the ass and pull out to feed me another load of cum. Shit! I swallowed more than my share of cum last night. Then Laura made me lie down so that they could all push my legs back and let Bill fuck my ass. As he did, she sat on my face again. I made her cum, she got off my face and when Bill was ready to cum, he pulled out and Laura had him cum in her mouth. Of course, she then turned and snowballed me so that I would swallow another load of cum. I couldn't even keep track of how much cum I swallowed any more. 

At this point, I was so fucking horny and ready for another orgasm that Laura had them tease me while she made me promise to do whatever she wanted for the rest of the weekend in order to earn my orgasm. I promised, naturally, because she knew how I was when I was that fucking horny. I would do anything to get my orgasm. So she sucked my clit and made me cum. Fuck, it was the best one in a long time.

But now as I woke up, I realized what I had done. Laura knew I had a bit if a submissive side where sex was involved, but now I had given her free reign over my body. This was not good.

I rolled out of bed and looked over at the other bed. Laura was awake and looking at me. Her hand was between her legs, rubbing her pussy.

I decided to be nice. "Good morning."

Laura decided to make use of her power. "You remember what you promised yesterday?"

I blanched and froze. "Yes." Shit, I promised to be her slave for the weekend. What was I thinking? Oh, yeah, at the time I wanted to cum really badly.

"Good, I'm horny, so get over here and eat my pussy, you little cum slut."

Damn it! Cum slut again. I was not going to be able to get rid of that nickname with Laura around using it all the time. I sighed. "Okay." 

I went over to her bed and Laura lay back and spread her legs wide. I crawled up between them. She didn't exactly smell all fresh and wonderful. 

"We had a good time last night, eh?"

"Yeah." I said it, but although I enjoyed it overall, I wasn't sure about giving up control to Laura this week, and she seemed to be pushing harder than usual.

"Just eat my dirty pussy and make me cum, slave." She grinned and so I got to it.

I parted her lips with my hands and leaned in for a lick. She was definitely a little raunchy after last night. But I licked and sucked and pretty quickly got into making her scream. I made her scream pretty well when I buried my face in there, reached up around her legs to grab her tits and pinch her nipples, and sucked on her clit. She came pretty hard. 

I sat back and looked at her as she relaxed and caught her breath, feeling proud that I could make her cum so well.

Laura lifted her head up. "You are really good at eating dirty pussy, Deb. I think I'm going to like having you around this weekend, doing whatever I want."

I looked at her seriously. "Okay, but nothing that will hurt me or get me arrested, okay?"

Laura sat up. "Never. I don't want anything to happen to my little cum slut." She grinned and pinched my right nipple. 

"Fuck!" That turned me on, but I didn't want to admit it to her.

"Okay, you made me cum. Now let's get cleaned up, dressed, and get something to eat. I'm starving."

"Me, too."

"Are you sure? Didn't you get about 5 loads of protein last night?"

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, you slut. You made me swallow four or five loads last night."

"Well, we'll just have to see about keeping you on that protein diet."

"Whatever!" I rose and headed for the bathroom.

"Just a second."

Laura stood up and came into the bathroom with me. "I'll start the shower and get in first. You, as the slave who will do whatever I want, will get in and wash me. Then you can wash yourself."

"Okay." I sighed. She was really going to make me regret that rash decision I made last night.

We got into the shower and I washed her. She especially made sure I washed her big pierced tits, her pussy, and her ass. She enjoyed every second of it. I was getting turned on, too, but had to ignore that. When she finished she got out and I washed and then we dressed so we could go out for something to eat.

Laura was wearing a nice pair of jeans and a fairly tight blouse. It showed off her great tits. Laura picked out my outfit when I was in the shower, so she put me in a light spring dress. It was colorful and nice.

We walked around the strip and ended up at Mon Ami Gabi. Its right next to the Paris Hotel and it looked good. We had a leisurely lunch sitting outside and watched all the people passing in front of the restaurant. There were also a couple of street performers in the large open area just to the south of the restaurant. It was relaxing and I forgot about my agreement with Laura for a while. 

Then, after we had a decent meal, Laura leaned over to me. "I know you have panties on. Take them off and give them to me." I started to stand up to head to the ladies' room, but she put her hand on my arm. "Right here – right now."

I looked around. I could be fairly inconspicuous if I wanted to be and I had promised to be Laura's slave for the trip. Fuck! 

We were sitting back along the front wall of the restaurant in the outside seating area. There was a tablecloth over the table, so I should be able to do this. I scooted forward in my seat a little to where I was sitting on the edge. I reached up with one hand and started working my thong down. It wasn't as easy as it looked without using both hands and raising up. I was trying to just lean a little each way as I worked it out from under my ass, but it was proving difficult. Finally, I got them past my thighs and they slid easily the rest of the way. I slipped them over my feet and brought them above the table in a little ball. Laura held out her hand. I looked at her and then around at the other diners and then put them into her hand. She grinned.

She put them in her lap and then waved the waiter over. She asked for the check and I wondered what she was going to do with my panties. When the check came, Laura put her credit card in there and then started talking about what we wanted to do that night. I was starting to relax when she got the bill back. She signed the receipt and then pulled my panties up. She folded them nicely without drawing any attention and then put them in the folder with the pen and credit card receipt. I stared at her.

"Hey, those were expensive!"

She grinned. "Well, good. For that meal we needed to leave a nice tip."

She stood up. "Coming?"

I stood and followed her. She led us to the big open area to the south and stopped so that we could see where we had just had lunch. "Let's see what kind of reaction we get from the waiter."

We waited a couple of minutes and the waiter came by. He started to just put the folder in his apron and worry about it later, but then he wondered why the folder was thicker than expected. He opened it and looked. It took him a second to recognize my thong for what it was. Then he slowly put his hand in the folder, wadded the panties up in his fist so they wouldn't show, and took them out. He closed the folder and stuck it in the front of his apron. He looked around briefly, but didn't spot us. Then he surprised us both. He took the fist he had the panties in and brought it to his nose. He took a deep breath, smelling my scent, and then put the panties in his pocket. Laura almost alerted him to our position by the laugh she let out when she saw him sniff my panties. I just slapped her on the arm. 

"It probably didn't smell like anything since we just showered."

"Yeah, but I love that he had to smell them." She turned toward the street. "Now, we need to go back to that club where we met Dave and Bill. Right?"

"Why?" I didn't really want to see them again.

"Because they are expecting their personal cum dump to return." She pinched me on the ass.

"Hey!" I jumped and several people noticed. At least a couple had seen the pinch and were snickering at us.

Laura headed off in the direction of the club. It was still pretty early, so I don't know why she wanted to go there so early. 

We got to the club at about 6:30 and there was hardly anyone there. Things didn't start getting ramped up in there until about 9-10pm from what I had seen.

Laura led me to the ladies' room first. She went into a stall and peed. I did, too, although I didn't have to go that badly. When I was done, I exited and Laura noted that there were no other women there. She headed back into a stall. "Come in here." I hesitated. "Come in here, slave." I sighed and entered after her. She closed the door and sat down. "Pull up your skirt and spread your lips. Show me your clit."

I slowly reached down and grabbed the bottom of my dress. I pulled it up and as I moved my hands for my pussy, I saw her pull out her cell phone. "What are you doing?" I stopped lifting my dress.

"I'm letting Dave and Bill know that we have arrived."

I groaned and spread the top of my pussy to show her my clit. Laura put her phone close to my pussy and took a photo. Then she sent a text and attached the photo.

"Okay, let's go, slut."

"Hey, you're the slut with the dirty mind, making me do these raunchy things."

She got close to my face and reached up to pinch my nipples. "And you love it, don't you?"

I stared back at her, refusing to answer. Laura grabbed my right nipple and pinched hard. "Admit it!"

"Yes, okay, I love it!" I tried to stare at her, but I hung my head and sighed. Fuck, she just knew me too well.

Laura softened a little. "Okay, let's go. Just remember that I'm going to push you. You know you want to submit. I won't do anything to put you in danger."

So Laura led us back into the club. We found some seats near the outdoor patio but still inside to watch the crowd form and see people as they moved to the one bar. We were only there a couple of minutes when Dave and Bill came in. 

"We just got that text." They both turned and smiled at me, leaning closer so they didn't have to talk very loudly. "Nice pussy, cum slut."

Fuck! That was going to be my name forever the way it was going. They did know that my name was Deb, right?

Dave and Bill then turned and chatted with Laura for a couple of minutes. They completely left me out of the conversation. Finally, Laura turned to me. "Okay, let's go. Dave and Bill are having a party up in their suite."

I stared at her. "Already?"

"Don't worry, it's a business thing."

I looked at her suspiciously. "Yeah, right."

We headed back to Dave and Bill's and got there around 7:30. The hotel had three people there setting up a couple of tables and some food and drink. Nice! They had it catered. They must have done really well with that start-up company.

We waited for the hotel personnel to leave and just as they did, a couple showed up. Dave stood and introduced us to John and Barb. John was the third member of their team. He was tall, about 6'1", and in great shape. He had dark hair, not quite black, with light skin and blue eyes. His wife Barb was hot. She was pretty tall, probably about 5'8" without the short heels she had on, and she had a nice shape. Her tits weren't quite as big as mine and Laura's, but she was probably a nice c-cup. She had nice legs and she was showing them off in a short skirt. They were a great looking couple.

I got a glass of champagne and was sitting there eating an appetizer when Laura came over. "Guess what?"

"What?"

"I just got off the phone with Wendy. She's here in Vegas with some friends who are here for their bachelor and bachelorette parties. She's got some free time so she's coming over."

Great! Just fucking great! Wendy was a friend from back home and whenever we were together, Wendy always had a way of making sure I knew how hot her nice tight ass was. I think that was because I had great tits and could show them off and she didn't. She was a bit of a bitch about it. I'm sure it was tit-envy.

I wandered around and was talking to everyone when I noticed that Laura and Barb were laughing and looking over at me while I talked to Bill. I wondered what was going on, so after a few more minutes, when Bill went to get some more drinks, I walked over to them. Barb was smiling at me and Laura was giving me a big evil grin. 

"What?"

Laura leaned over and whispered in my ear. "I told Barb about last night and how you have to be my slave for the time we are in Vegas."

I was a little shocked, but not overly so. Laura does this routinely to try to embarrass me. "And so I have to do what?" I knew that something was coming that I was not going to be comfortable with, but would have to do.

"Well, it's like this. Barb has written everyone's name, except yours, down on pieces of paper and put it into a bowl. You are going to go into the bedroom and wait on the bed. Barb and I will draw a name every 20 minutes or so and that person will go into the bedroom with you and use you for sex."

I stared at her and looked around the room. Three guys and three girls besides me. Well, that wasn't too bad. I sighed heavily. "Okay." I knew there was no getting out of it.

"There is one caveat. The guys cannot fuck your pussy and you can't cum until it's all over."

I groaned. Not that again. I relished the anticipation of an orgasm and the buildup, but too much denial made me too ridiculously acquiescent. That's how we got here in the first place. I stared at Laura for a few moments and she stared back with a shit-eating grin on her face. Finally, I relented. I mean I wouldn't mind having sex with all these people and at least they would all be paying attention to me, right? "Okay, let's do it."

Laura turned to Barb. Barb turned toward a bowl and pulled out a name. "Bill."

I headed to the bedroom and closed the door. I slipped off the dress and bra, no panties since I had donated those to a panty-sniffing waiter, and lay down. Not 30 seconds later Bill came into the room. He was grinning and almost trotted over to the bed.  

"Hello, cum slut."

Jesus, that name! "Hi, Bill."

Bill didn't take his shirt off, just his shoes, pants, and underwear. No foreplay necessary, I was just there to get him off. He climbed up over me and straddled my chest. "I want to fuck your tits." I hadn't noticed when I came in, but there was a bottle of lube strategically placed next to the bed. Gee, I wonder who placed that there.

I watched as he knelt over my chest and rubbed the lube onto his cock. It was actually a pretty nice cock. He poured a little lube on my chest and pushed his dick down against it. I pushed my tits together and Bill slowly started sliding back and forth.

"I saw Dave do this and I wanted to try it, too." He kept sawing back and forth and I watched as his cockhead would poke out the top when he thrust forward and then disappear between my fleshy tits when he pulled back. "It's not as much fun as I thought. Visually stimulating, but I need something more." I guess he finally realized that it was not as good as fucking or sucking. But he kept it up.

"Don't you like my nice, big tits?" I teased him, hoping he would get done faster. "I have nice, big tits for a nice, big cock like yours to fuck."

Bill grinned. "I love your tits, but I think I love your mouth more." And with that he pulled out of my tits and shuffled forward to feed me his cock.

Of course he loved my mouth more. I was pretty good with it! 

It was a little bit of a tough angle, but he managed to point his cock down, and I raised my head enough, so that he could push it into my mouth. The lube had a slight strawberry taste.

"That's it cum slut. Suck that big cock and swallow my load."

I looked up directly into Bill's eyes and he stared at me as he thrust into my mouth. I kept sucking and swirling my tongue, but he was basically fucking my mouth now, so I closed my mouth around it and kept the pressure around it with my lips. Bill kept fucking.

"Oh, yeah. I'm going to cum. I'm going to fill your slutty little mouth with my cum. Fuck! Yeah!" Bill kept talking about doing it until he finally erupted in my mouth. I kept sucking and swallowing until he finally let up and sat back on my stomach. His rapidly softening cock was drooping toward my belly. 

"That was great, cum slut." 

I rolled my eyes. "You're welcome, Bill." I said his name a little sarcastically, but he ignored it.

"Okay, got to go. You need to get ready for the next person."

"Oh, Bill?" He turned back toward me as he fastened his pants. "My name is Deb."

"Got it. See you later, cum slut." He grinned at his verbal poke.

I didn't say anything, just got up to get a towel for wiping my mouth and my chest. I didn't get to the bathroom before Laura came in.

"And where do you think you're going?"

"I need to wipe off the lube and some cum."

"Stay there." Laura went and retrieved a towel. She came over to me. "I'll clean up some of this mess." And so she wiped off the little bit of cum on my chin and then proceeded to clean my tits and chest. Only she didn't just clean them, she made sure she tweaked my nipples and rubbed and played with my tits as she pretended to just clean me. 

"You are such a fucking tease."

"You have no idea."

Just then the door opened and in came Dave. Number two of my possible six sex partners, although I wasn't sure about the married couple. He grinned and watched as Laura played with my tits. By now I was just starting to feel real horny and my pussy was wet. Nothing else had really gotten me going. I mean a blow job is fun, but giving one like I did to Bill really doesn't make me wet.

Dave went over, took off his pants, and lay on the bed. "Come and get it cum slut."

Laura laughed and whispered to me. "These guys are so easy to train." Then she turned me toward Dave and swatted me on the ass. "Get on all fours on the bed and suck his cock."

Dave laughed. "Yes, exactly. Suck my cock and you'll get your reward cum slut."

Jesus, how many times could they use that name?

So I did as I was told. I went over, got on all fours, and grabbed Dave's cock. It, too, was a nice cock. Around 6" and decent girth. But I could handle that, so I went to town on it, hoping to get him to cum quickly. I licked from the bottom of his cock to the top, enjoying his moans as he enjoyed my tongue. I put my mouth over his cock and bobbed up and down a couple of times then wrapped my hand around the base and started to bob and jack his cock to get him off. He was so horny, he wasn't going to last long. 
