 We were just three guys that hunted and fished on the Chesapeake Bay. For years, we had thought that Kent Island, just West of Annapolis, was the home of a nudist colony. While fishing, we had often used our binoculars to observe the naked men and woman sunning themselves, or playing volleyball on the beach. Then, last November during Goose season, we learned the truth. A storm had come up. Instead of returning to the marina, we landed on the island. "Velvet Acres" was closed for the winter. Wondering what the accommodations were like, we had wandered around. 

What we found, was a main club house, 6000 square feet in size, with dinning, dancing, kitchen, and lounging area. A row of twenty six small cabins, just large enough for a bed, sink, and small toilet were lined up to the rear of the building.

The area was all of two hundred, and twenty five acres of woodland. We found footpaths that weave through the woods to small clearings, containing cabins which had more elaborate decor; picture windows, full sized overhead mirrors, king sized beds, Jacuzzis, plus kitchens.

Me, I'm Marty Edmonds. I discovered a cabin with an unlocked front door. An instructional packet had been left in the rack behind the bathroom door. Johnny Cole, and Frank Bither looked over my shoulder, as I read about "Velvet Acres Leisure Club." This is what was I read.

"WELCOME TO THE 1999 SUMMER SEASON OF THE WORLD'S FOREMOST SWINGERS CLUB."

There was a rules section, then a listing of the events scheduled for various weekends during the summer. We all whistled when we read what was planned for the weekend which ran from June 30 to July 5. "The Annual Games!"

"WEEKEND OF THE GAMES - June 30 to July 5. 

As you know, each year we are booked to capacity during this weekend, with two hundred and fifty couples, fifteen single ladies, and seventy five single men.

For the new members, the games are a random, and exciting way for you to explore your sexuality. Here is the format:

The Games run from 8 PM until 2 AM. The woman pull a cabin number out of a bowl. Without telling anyone, she proceeds to that cabin and waits for the man, or men to appear to be with her.

The men draw papers out of a bowl. It will instruct them to compete in some sort of event, either alone, or with up to four men. Each event will have rules to explain what entitles the man, or men, to be "Winners." 

Example: Basketball. First team to make 12 points is a winner. At that point, the four man team draws a cabin number out of the bowl, and they run to that cabin to have sex with that woman, or women. As soon as they finish, they return to the main cabin to draw another sheet of paper, which may place them on another team, or into a solo event.

The loser in each event, must draw a new piece of paper, compete, and win for the right to draw a cabin number.

Other events are horseshoes, tug of war, arm wrestling, poker, darts, and scavenger hunt, riddles, blackjack, volleyball, and touch football. Rules may be reviewed at the main clubhouse."

We sat looking at each other. Each of us had a smile on our face, as our imagination played out the events that we had just read about. In my mind, I pictured; "Fifteen minutes of all out, half court basketball, ended by a eighteen foot three pointer. As the ball goes "Swish," four men run to the bowl, grab a cabin number, and begin a jog of up to a quarter mile, using flashlights to see the way, to a cabin with their prize. Sweaty, out of breath, they enter the cabin, and pounce on the waiting woman, dissolving into a sweaty mass." 

"Damn!"

"I'll say!"

It was Frank that first saw that this was an opportunity for some high adventure. "Are you guys thinking what I'm thinking?" he queried. "If I get this right, there will be one hundred, sixty five women out here in the woods, that will fuck any man that comes in the door?"

"You got it," Johnny intoned, as he tossed his hat up into the air.

We talked of nothing else, when together hunting or fishing during the winter. It became a matter of how to, not should we, try for some wild pussy. It was decided that we would select cabins that were the furthest from the main lodge, and closest to the small bay on the North side of the island. With a normal South wind, it would be calm in that bay.

Marty said, "As I see it, we should each stake out a cabin. When a woman arrives, we wait eight minutes, go in, and fuck her good. If another guy come in while we are there, we hop off, and say - She's yours buddy. He won't know if we won some other game before him, won't even care, or will she. Each of us will carry a "Two way radio." If someone says, "Condition Red," they need help to get away. If we say "Condition Five," we run like hell to the boat. Got that?"

Saturday, July 1, 2000, was a normal hot summer day in the Maryland area. There was the normal scattered thunderstorms. From a half mile off shore, we could see naked people everywhere at "Velvet Acres." At twenty to eight, Marty eased his boat close to the South shore, dropped the anchor. We all stripped off our clothes. Carrying a bag with our shoes, and radio, we waded to shore. We were in position by our chosen cabins when the women begin to arrive. 

At Marty's cabin, when light came on, Marty examined his woman intently, from his position forty feet away in the woods. She looked to be about forty, was very pretty, to weight one hundred and sixty pounds, with a large ass, and full C cup tits. She was out of breath from the walk to the cabin, but was soon standing in front of the mirror, cupping her breasts, and sucking in her tummy. 

Marty begin to talk to himself. "Whew, guy, in six minutes, you are going to walk into that cabin, pretending to be out of breath, and start to kiss and fondle those jugs of hers. Her twat must be getting wet thinking of a man, any man, that will follow the path to her. She is as hot as you are, guy." 

A rumble of thunder broke his thought train. The wind picked up, and rain suddenly begin to pour, soaking his naked body in seconds. "Are we in luck, he thought. This will interrupt the Games, so there will be more time before the Winners filter out to the waiting women." 

As the time reached eight minutes, he walked through the door. Without a word, he went over to the woman, who was now sitting on the bed, and rolled her backward onto her back, as he slid her to the middle of the bed. 

Her hand reached out to feel his ridge pole, which bent to the right, with a small uncut head. She stroked it and ran her fingers around the head. then her eyes raised to his, with an inviting smile on her face, she said, "Hi, I'm Betty, and I'm glad to see you, Sweety... Come on, Baby, light my fire!"

She moaned as he opened her legs and ran his tongue across her slit. A kiss on the tummy was followed by his putting his head between her joyous melons, which covered his face, ear to ear. 

Her ass was firm, and smaller then he first thought. His hands grabbed both cheeks, and he rubbed her man to woman, to savor her body. 

The breeze brought the scent of pine to his nostrils. His hands kneaded her breasts, which rewarded him by becoming engorged, as the nipples swelled. Her eyes were closed, with her face turned away in the ecstasy of being ravished. A long low moan eased from her, without any conscience effort.

His cock, seemly on its own, found her slit, and slid into her passage, hastened by her lubrication. The fuck was on. 

Marty had only had his wife during the last six years. She was a tall, trim, tit less woman that he adored. This woman was, as the sailors say, "Built for comfort." The cheeks of her ass lifted her pussy to just the right position for Marty to pump every last smidgen of himself into her, again, again, and again. 

She bucked, grabbed the sheets, moaned, tossed her head from side to side, yet did not clamp her pussy onto his now throbbing hot cock. She wanted this to last, and last. He pumped on and on, and then she clamped down with that vagina of hers, and he shot his jism into her as she moaned louder, and froze in her orgasm. As he rolled off, she sighed, "I hope they all as good as you are?"

"Thanks, Betty."

"Wow, wonderful," Marty said to himself, as he ducked out the door. He had just entered the woods when a man came jogging down the trail to take his "Winnings." 

"Happy sloppy seconds," Marty thought.

Johnny, of course, had a different adventure. At five after eight, a tall thin girl. that he guessed to be twenty two, entered the cabin, and turned on the light. A better look revealed her tits to be just big enough for an A cup bra. One hundred and ten pounds at the most on a five foot seven frame. You could see her ribs. 

"Bony Bitch. Well, I'll enjoy burying my bone in her twat," Johnny mused as he let three minutes pass before he too entered a cabin to get some hot sex.

Get some, he did! Did he ever? She was a wild cat. She was on his cock before he had cleared the door. When he was good and hard, and she was satisfied he was hard enough, she dragged him to the bed and rolled him onto his back. Mounting his cock, she fucked him, as he had never been fucked before. Her little ass was a whirlwind of action. He lay there trying to separate all the sensations that he was receiving from his cock, the sight of her, with her eyes close, teeth clamped shut, and sweat running off her as she used his upright member to stir her "Cunty."

He was aware of three orgasms she went through, and saw her tighten for a forth, as his cock erupted. He thought that his balls would follow his jism into her "Cunty."

As he tried to get out from under him. she held him and ask him to stay until someone else came so that she could maintain her "High."

"Well, Okay," Johnny said, while thinking to himself, "No one, no one will ever believe me if I tell them this." Her tongue went around his soft cock. Her finger eased into his ass. She took his whole pole into her mouth, and licked it like a Sugar Daddy" sucker. As it got up to fight again, Johnny knew that he may never see her likes again, so he savored every moment.

She was on him again, and seemed to be tireless in her quest for more orgasms, which she had, one after another. The lightning flashed, the thunder shook the cabin, and the rain beat a steady patter on the roof. She was in tune with it all. It all seemed so right to Johnny as she fucked him.

Last, but not least, is our boy, Frank. Now Frank has only one cock, as you might suspect. Normally, that is not a problem, for most men. But tonight, for poor Frank, it became a problem, indeed. For you see, when Frank entered the dark cabin behind the woman he saw climb the stairs into the cabin, he failed to see the woman in front of her. With the flip of a light switch, our Frank went from being the Hunter, to being the Prey... 

These gals were big. One was one hundred and eighty pounds, five foot two, sporting DD tits, and the other was five foot six, one hundred and seventy pounds of woman sporting nice C tits. Both were horny, a little drunk, and each wanted Frank to have her first, when he was "Long and Hard." "Long and Hard," being the operative words here.

He was pulled to the bed. His cock was pulled and yanked. The woman argued about who he should fuck first. When he ran it in the first one that guided it to her cunt, the other begin to spank him and run her finger into his ass. 

"I'm being fucking raped," Frank said, half aloud. They both heard him say it, and in unison, they replied, "Yes, you are, Man, that is what you are here for." The next twenty five minutes were the fasting fucking, longest minutes, of Franks life. 

"Push your Cock, harder, harder. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Push your Cock, harder, harder, harder."

Frank begin to sing the "Song" in his head, to their rhythm of their chants. He exploded with his second load of cum in the second woman's cunt. With her thrashing around like she was having a baby, the screaming and pounding, he felt that he was ready to become a professional wrestler. When he rolled off one woman, and the other was rolling off the far side of the bed with her back to him, he scooted out of the door, tossing over his shoulder; "There are more guys coming, ladies."

He limped quietly into the underbrush.

Once on the boat again, Marty quietly ran it around the Island to where they could watch the "Games" in progress, now that the storm had passed. 

Sipping on his beer, Johnny brought on three erections with the comment, "We have the second, third, and forth of July to go! Does it get any better then this?"