 Weekend Getaway

It was a sad day 2 years ago when Emily moved some 1200 miles away. We knew it was coming though. It's part of the military lifestyle, eventually you're going to move. Even with several months notice, Emily and I were unable to work out time for a final rendezvous before she left. Add to that the near 18 months since our quickies and you have what amounts to sexual torture. Well, maybe not torture but you get the idea. 

"Guess where I'm going!" I texted Emily. We've been making jokes about meeting up in Vegas for a couple years now. Mostly for the irony of it being Sin City. 

"Hell. That's not a hard question for anyone who knows you." Came the reply. 

"Well, true. I was referring to something a bit more local." I texted back. 

"Nudist colony?" 

"You're not very good at this game. I have a medical conference in Vegas in April!" I shared. "You should join me."

"Hahaha! Yes and the excuse I'll use to make a solo trip to Vegas is...?" Emily inquired.

"No idea but I have faith you can figure it out! It's been twelve THOUSAND years since I've seen you." I sent back. 

"Not happening but maybe you can find some new vixen to play with and tell me about after." Emily teased. 

We went back and forth for a while longer without any success on my part. I knew it was a near impossible prospect for her to meet me there. With a working husband, two kids, and coaching crossfit it just wasn't feasible. 

Since we started this affair, Emily and I "talk" just about every day. Most of those days are just general chit chat with the occasional sexting or sexual fantasy conversation thrown in. One of the ongoing conversations we've had involves swinging. Unfortunately, it never materialized. 

Shortly after me asking her to join me in Vegas, Emily sent me a note telling me to read "Soft Swing pt 2" on Literotica. She described it as "EXACTLY" how she thinks our first swing would go. 

Holy fuck! Talk about being spot on. Well, spot on as to how I feel it would go as well. The back and forth emotion, the intense sexuality along with being written from the female perspective made the story just incredible. The entire time I was reading it, I felt like Emily was the author. I'm pretty sure I masturbated 2-3 times a day for a week. 

We had several more swinging conversations over the next couple weeks and were about 2 months out from my trip to Vegas when Emily texted me "Busy this morning?" 

"Not really. Mostly housework. Folding laundry at the moment and watching Vikings." I replied. 

A few minutes later, I got a Facetime request from Emily. When we first started our affair we exchanged a few videos of each other but hadn't done anything of the sort in several years. When I saw the Facetime request I really had no idea what was going on and thought something was wrong. 

To my pleasant surprise, when I answered it opened to a view down Emily's naked body. "Holy Fuck!! That's not what I was expecting." I said. 

"No? What were you expecting?" She asked as I watched her free hand move rhythmically between her legs. 

"Umm...thought maybe something was wrong. This is much better." 

"Oh good. I was a little nervous to try it." Emily admitted. 

"Nervous? Don't be! I can't put into words how turned on I am right now." I said as I moved toward the bedroom. "Just a sec, I need to get naked" I said with a grin as I set the phone on the bed. 

I quickly stripped off my clothes and laid on the bed, turning the camera to show Emily how hard she was making me. 

"God I've missed your cock." she said as I watched her push her fingers inside herself. 

"And he misses you. Fuck, I want to be inside you right now" I said as I start stroking my cock. "Fucking you slow and deep...watching your face as I bottom out with every thrust." 

"Fuck yes" Emily encouraged "Harder" I heard her say as I watched her rub her clit faster. 

I could see how wet she was as moved her fingers in and out, up to rub her clit, and slide back down between her wet lips. I love listening to Emily as she gets close to cumming. Her breathing speeds up, she starts with soft moans moving to small audible "ohs" that get louder and louder. 

I was mesmerized watching and listening as Emily worked herself towards her climax. "Oh fuck, yes! Fuck me hard!" She blurted as she finger fucked herself faster. 

"Fuck! I'm not going to last long!" I confessed as I found myself working my cock harder and faster. 

"Oh YEEESSS!" Emily cried as I watched her legs clamp down on her hand and her body convulse in ecstasy. 

Watching Emily's orgasm was more than enough to push me over the edge. "Fuck!" was all I could manage before shooting load after load. 

By the time I gathered my post orgasm senses Emily had flipped her camera around and I could now see her beautiful, flushed, smiling face. "I don't think you realize just how fucking hot you are" I told her. 

"Thank you" she said with a grin. 

"That was awesome! What brought on that idea?" I asked. 

"I had a dream about it a while back. Been wanting to try it for a while but I was nervous." she admitted. 

"Nervous? You know you don't need to be nervous about anything will me" I said. 

"Yeah well I was" she said as she stuck her tongue out at me. 

"I'm just glad you got past the nervousness because that really was amazing." I said "Like holy fuck amazing. I'm going to have that amazing foggy head thing for the rest of the day now."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." 

"I did. I enjoyed it a whole lot. I can only imagine the dreams I'm going to have tonight" I said. 

"Good. Ok, I'm off to nap." Emily said

"Later, Sexy" I replied. 

I ended up laying there for a while thinking about that sexy body of hers and what I just watched. It didn't take me long to get hard again so I decided to take a shower and have a second round of my own. 

Things continued as normal over the next couple months. I made the occasional comment about how I still wanted her to join me in Vegas. Despite my best efforts, the answer was always no. 

Finally the day came for me to hop on a plane and make my way to Vegas. I was encouraged by the thoughts of "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" hoping I would find some sexy vixen to have my way with. Medical conferences have a high level of debauchery so I figured my chances were high. 

Emily and I often talk and fantasize about hotel sex and what things/places/ways we'd like to have sex. So it was no surprise we talked about where I was staying and what sorts of things my hotel room would have. We always joke about how I should use my disabled veteran status to get a handicap room with one of those big showers with the bench and chairs. 

I finally made it to Vegas and found my way to my hotel. The conference was Friday and Saturday so I flew in Thursday afternoon and was set to leave early Sunday morning. 

The conference was being held at the MGM Grand. While we didn't have to stay at MGM, I got my room there to keep things easy. I made sure to take a picture of the hotel as we drove up and send it to Emily to rub in the fact I was in Vegas. 

I made my way up to my room on the 21st floor. It was an impressive room with a king size bed, small sitting area with a couch, chair, work table, and TV. The room also had a large, wall sized window looking out over the strip. 

I threw my suitcase on the bed and made my way over to take a look out the window. It was about 4 o'clock so I decided to look on my phone for a place to eat. Randomly, I was in the mood for sushi. I had just reached the window when there was a knock on the door. 

Well that's interesting I thought as I made my way to the door. Did I forget something downstairs? Was it some weird person from the conference? 

As I peered through the peep hole it took me a minute to register what I was seeing. There, in all her incredible, gorgeous beauty, stood Emily. 

"How..er...I mean...What are you doing here?" came stumbling out of my mouth as I opened the door. 

She just stood there, holding her rolling suitcase, with a big grin on her pretty face. "Ummm...I'm here to see you, genius. Going to invite me in or what." 

"You're such a smart ass" I complimented her as I reached down to grab her luggage, pick her up, and kiss her all at the same time. I pushed the door shut with my foot as I dropped her luggage by the door, carrying her to the bed as we continued to make out like the long lost lovers we were. 

As I laid Emily on the bed, I had to step back to take it all in. I couldn't believe we were in the same room together. I was totally blown away. 

She must have noticed the look of total disbelief on my face. "What's the matter, Scott?" Emily asked. 

"Nothing! Absolutely nothing. I...I just can't believe you're here." I replied as I laid on top of her, my lips meeting hers. 

The passionate make out session didn't last long as Emily pushed me off to her side, rolled on top, and went directly for my belt. She had my belt and pants undone and pulled down with impressive efficiency freeing my rock hard cock. I watched as she took me in her mouth, looking up at me with gorgeous, lustful eyes. I've had my fair share of blowjobs but no one comes close to Emily's skill. Her mouth and hands are like sweet, silky, passionate music on my cock. I have no choice but to lay back, relax, and enjoy it. I love watching her suck my cock but I know right now that if I do, our first round will be over way, way too fast. 

Emily sends shivers through by whole body as she pauses at the top to pay extra attention to the head while working her two handed magic on my shaft. "Fuck I've missed you" I manage while trying not to explode in her mouth. 

I'm not sure how long she continues. It feels like both forever and not long enough. As Emily takes my cock out of her incredible mouth, she stands at the end of the bed and quickly sheds her clothes as I watch and remove what little I have left on. 

When we're both naked and done quickly admiring each other, Emily works her way on top of me, kissing me as her face reaches mine. I moan as she starts to rub her wet lips up and down the length of my cock. I find myself torn between wanting to bury the full length of my cock deep inside her and tasting her sweet juices with my mouth as she sits on my face. 

I go with the latter as I grab what I can only describe as one of the most incredible asses I've ever seen and pull her whole body up so she's straddling my face. I look up to see her watching me as she lowers her glistening wet pussy down to my mouth. 

I slowly start working my tongue up and down her lips, just barely parting them. "God I love the way you taste" I manage between passes. 

"I've really missed your mouth" she moans in response as I start sliding my tongue farther inside her, pausing to lick and suck on her swollen clit. I can feel Emily getting wetter as her juices mix into my beard, my hands squeezing and caressing her ass. 

As Emily really starts breathing harder and faster, I see her hand start rubbing clit in rhythm with my tongue as I work it as deep as I can inside her. She's obviously ready for her first orgasm as she starts crying out "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!" 

"Yeeesssss!!" Emily cried as she suddenly collapsed forward, clamping her legs around my head. 

As Emily lay on her stomach recovering from her orgasm, I got up behind her and started deeply massaging her ass. As her breathing slowed, Emily started moaning and pushing her ass up to meet my hands. I watched as she slid her right hand down between her legs and started rubbing her clit. I took that as a sign she was ready to continue so I lowered myself down on top of her and easily slid by cock inside, burying myself completely in one full stroke causing Emily to cry out in approval. 

Emily started crying out "Yes! Yes! Yes!..." every time I bottomed out. I barely got through ten strokes before Emily hit her second orgasm. Driving her ass up against me, I could feel her clench down around my cock. It was more than enough to push me over the edge. I took one last thrust and buried myself as I exploded deep inside Emily's sweet pussy. 

I rolled over next to her, breathing heavily. "Oh my fucking God, I've missed you" I said. 

"I can't remember the last time I came that hard" Emily said as she rolled over and put her head on my chest. I kissed her on the top of the head as we both drifted off to sleep. 

I woke up to Emily running her hand through my chest hair. "Well hello there, beautiful" I said. 

"Hi" came her response with a big grin on her face. "I hope you don't mind that I joined you in Vegas."

"Seriously. I can't believe you're here. I think this is the best surprise I've ever had in my life." I confessed. 

"I aim to please" she said with a smile. "Now lets go get something to eat. I'm starving." 

We quickly got dressed while we decided what we wanted to eat. Emily wasn't down for sushi so we decided to try the Wolfgang Puck located there at the MGM. 

After we were seated and waiting to order our drinks, I really could stop staring at Emily. "You look like a star struck kid on Christmas" Emily observed with a smirk on her face. 

"You could say that. I'm still in disbelief you're here. How did you make it work?" I asked. 

"Come to find out, Crossfit Max Effort is having a gymnastics seminar tomorrow so I told the hubby I really wanted to go. Vegas is only 4 hrs away so travel costs were nothing and my gym said they'd pay the cost of the seminar. It really worked itself out. It helped that I got my mom to fly in to watch the kids. Plus I REALLY, REALLY wanted to surprise you. " She answered grinning. 

"Smart and beautiful. I like it" I said. 

We had a great dinner catching up, eating some great food, and having a few drinks. After Emily's bottle of wine and my numerous beers, we were both feeling pretty good so we paid the bill and made our way out of the restaurant. 

As we made our way into the elevator and the doors closed behind us, the lust that had built during dinner took over. I picked Emily up and held her against the wall of the elevator as we made out like teenagers. Luckily, the elevator didn't stop on the way up so it didn't take long for us to reach our floor. 

I carried Emily the rest of the way to the door where she got the room key out of my back pocket and unlocked the door for us as I explored her neck and ear with my mouth. 

As we made our way into the room, I decided to take her over to the desk on the right side of the window. The sun had set but the room was illuminated pretty well from all the Vegas lights. Emily was wearing a small, super sexy flowery summer dress. As I set her down on her feet, I grabbed the bottom of the dress and pulled it up over her head in one motion. I took a second to take in her stunning body and realized she wasn't wearing any underwear. "Were you naked under that dress the whole time at dinner?!" I said a bit shocked. 

"I was" she said with that sexy, sly grin as she hopped up to sit on the desk. 

"That's fucking hot. We're going to need to get a booth next time so we can take advantage of that" I replied as Emily started undoing my pants. 

I pulled my shirt over my head as Emily finished with my pants. I leaned in to kiss her as I bent over to take my shoes off and finish taking off my pants so we were both completely naked. 

After spending some time on her gorgeous breasts and nipples, I continued down her belly causing her to shiver and get goose bumps as I tickled her with my beard. I felt her hand on my head encouraging me to continue my journey south. 

I made my way to between Emily's thighs, using the light from the strip to admire her gorgeous mound. I started slowly flicking and sucking on her swollen clit as I listened to her moans get louder. I usually LOVE spending time between Emily's legs, teasing her with my mouth but I really wanted to bend her over the desk in front of the window and fuck her from behind. 

As I stood up, I could see the curiosity on her face as this was different from our norm. I quickly pulled her off the desk, spun her around, and slammed my cock inside her. 

"Oh fuck yes!!" Emily cried as I buried my cock all the way inside her. 

Following our dinner where I was hard the whole time, the buzz from the alcohol, and discovery that Emily hadn't been wearing any underwear the whole evening, I was INSANELY turned on. I didn't feel like I could fuck her hard enough. I had my left hand on her hip and my right on her shoulder pulling her back hard into each thrust. 

I don't think I've ever heard Emily get so loud! She cried out "Oh fuck!" again and again as I fucked her hard from behind. It's hard to remember a time I was so turned on. It was like I was enraged with lust. 

Without even thinking about it, I reached back with my right hand and gave a solid smack to Emily's gorgeous right ass check. We've had a conversation or two about spanking but we'd never actually tried it. 

"Oh Fuck yes!! Spank my ass!" cried Emily. Not one to argue, I spanked Emily's ass again as I continued fucking her hard. 

"Harder! Fuck me har...Ooooohhhhhh FUUUU..." Emily cried as her orgasm hit her like a truck. Watching her grip the desk, listening to her cry out in ecstasy, feeling her amazing pussy clamp down around my cock...I, agian, made one last deep thrust as I exploded deep inside Emily. I felt wave after wave of orgasm consume me as I shot an unknown number of loads deep inside that incredible pussy.

As I collapsed on top of Emily as she lay over the desk, both of us still breathing hard and trying to recover, I said "I've had some incredible orgasms in my life, most coming from my time with you. However, I'm quite certain that was the best orgasm of my life."

"Get off me, Fucker" Emily teased as she pushed up off the desk. We made our way to the bed and collapsed in each others arms. We both laid there in our post orgasm fog. 

"Where did that come from?" Emily asked finally breaking the silence. 

"Which part?" I said.

"All of it. The spanking, the control. It was fucking hot and just what I needed" she responded. 

"Ummm...I'm not really sure. I just wanted you sooo fucking bad. It really felt like I couldn't fuck you hard enough" I said. 

"No kidding!" Emily responded emphatically. "I was totally caught off guard by that first smack. It seriously sent an orgasmic like wave through my body. The second one...wow. I haven't had an orgasm like that since we were at the hotel at the beach I think." 

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure that was one of the best orgasms of my life, if not the best. It felt like multiple waves shooting through me" I said. "I'm going to get a shower before I pass out for the night. Join me?" 

"I do like showering with you" Emily said with a grin. "But no funny business. I feel all hypersensitive right now." 

"Haha! I'm not sure he'd be up for it right now" I said as I gestured towards my obviously soft cock. 

As we made our way to the bathroom, Emily grabbed her hair brush from her purse and hopped up on the bathroom counter to brush her hair as I turned on the water. 

The bathroom was impressive. Big stone and tile shower with the full glass doors that swing out and two corner benches on either side of the shower. 

"It's impressive how sexy you are" I said as I stood there feeling the water as it got warmer, watching her brush her hair. 

"Thanks, I sure try" Emily responded with a genuine smile. 

Once the water was hot, I stood under the waiting on Emily to join me. 

As she finished brushing her hair, she hopped off the counter, grabbed the shampoo and conditioner, and made her way into the shower, closing the door behind her. 

Following a quick kiss, Emily turned her back to me and snuggled up under the water. I wrapped my arms around her as we stood there with the water running over us. 
