 "I'm gonna take a walk," Vanessa yelled over the music to her friend Sarah.

"Don't get lost," Sarah yelled back, taking a sip of her apple cider.

Vanessa just forced a laugh and turned away from the bonfire into the darkness. It was the last weekend before finals, and graduation was so close she could taste it. The stress was getting to Vanessa, and a bonfire with everyone on campus was the last thing she needed right now. She looked back over the last four years at her small, Midwestern Christian college with mixed emotions. She had made a lot of friends, and had some unforgettable memories. On the other hand, it felt like she had been cheated out of part of her college career.

Her time at Vent Moon Run Nazarene University had been lived under very strict rules. Three days per week the students attended a chapel service, complete with worship and preaching. Opposite genders stayed in distinctly separate dorms and apartments, only visiting one another in common areas and during certain times in apartments, under constant supervision. Alcohol and tobacco were strictly forbidden, as were R rated movies or revealing clothing of any sort.

Vent Moon Run was not known for its progressive tendencies. It was only in Vanessa's junior year that shorts became permitted in classrooms. While the overall experience was a great one, she felt something was missing.

As Vanessa walked away from the fire, she crossed the bridge toward the library, taking a right toward the Student Union. The full moon was out and almost dazzlingly bright as she walked through the grass. Vanessa suddenly had the urge to kick off her shoes and walk barefoot as she went to the Union.

As she entered the building, flip-flops in hand, the air conditioner stood her nerves on end, stiffening the nipples on her sizeable breasts.

"Oh boy, I wish I could have found a clean bra," Vanessa thought to herself, knowing her white shirt and short shorts would hide very little.

She went to the counter and ordered a pina colada smoothie. As she turned around, she saw through the large window into the game room. There, playing pool with some friends, was her old friend Brendan.

Vanessa had known Brendan since she was a freshman. He had been a year older than her, and had left after his junior year to study at a state school. They had been good friends, having been in the ballroom dance club together and sharing the occasional video game and suggestive conversation.

"Brendan!" Vanessa shouted, having not seen him in over a year.

Brendan looked up from the shot he was about to take to see who had called his name. "Vanessa!" he said, "I hoped I'd see you while I was in town."

He hugged her tight, as she tried in vain to keep her smoothie upright.

"Holy shit!" he cried as the ice ran down his back, causing him to flail his arms about with chills. As his arms waved, his left hand gently grazed Vanessa's breast, causing a shocked pause from both of them. They simply stared at each other for a brief eternity.

Brendan broke eye contact first, looking back at Erica and Amanda.

"Hey guys, I have to go change," he said. The game was all but lost anyway, with most of the striped balls still on the table.

"You coming back?" asked Erica, a short girl that walked with a limp and spoke with a sharpened wit.

"Eh, I don't think so. I'll probably head down to the fire."

"Loser! Fine, just abandon me here to lose all by myself." It was Amanda, Brendan's blond pool partner with a Valley Girl voice.

Vanessa didn't know why Brendan hung out with Amanda, she was a bit of an airhead. It must be because she's cute, or because she's Erica's best friend.

"OK. Don't stay out too late," said Erica. "You have a long drive tomorrow."

With that Brendan turned from the game room back toward Vanessa.

"Want to walk with me to get a spare shirt?" he asked.

"Sure. I need a walk anyway," she replied.

As they left the Student Union the heat of the night was all but solid in the air. "Oh my god," Vanessa said, breathing heavily from the change in temperature. She then breathed a sigh of relief as her nipples relaxed without the cold air.

Brendan was relieved to be out of the Union. The heat soothed the icy pain in his back from the smoothie, and the darkness hid his reaction to seeing Vanessa.

He had noticed her well before she had yelled for him. Having not been able to get in touch with her for several days, he had been looking for her around campus. He would have yelled for her when she walked through the door, had he not noticed her immediate reaction to the air conditioning. He was instantly trying to hide a rather sizeable bulge in his shorts, hoping Erica and the others didn't notice. He had always had a bit of a crush on Vanessa, and seeing her aroused and scantily clothed left him breathless.

Vanessa's voice snapped him back from his instant replay. "So what are you doing in Vent Moon Run?"

"Well, I heard you were graduating and had to see you before you fell off the radar," Brendan said.

"Ha ha," Vanessa replied. She wondered what his real reasons could be.

"I figured I should meet up with everyone and say goodbye while you're all in one place."

A slight tinge of disappointment eased over Vanessa, as she could no longer pretend his first answer was true. "What the hell," she thought silently, "Where did that come from?"

Vanessa had never had romantic feelings for Brendan while they were together at Vent Moon Run, but she could recognize the disappointment for what it was: jealousy.

"So what have you been doing with your life?" she asked.

"Well, I graduated from Penn State about a month ago, now I'm looking for a job."

It was then that they reached Tim's apartment, where Brendan had been staying for the past few nights. "I'll be right back," Brendan said as he opened the door and ran up the stairs.

When he returned, Brendan was wearing a new shirt, and carried a flashlight.

"I figured we could take a walk on the trail," he said.

"Awesome!"

As they walked down the back entrance to the campus, the lights from the campus grew dim.

"Tag, you're it!" shouted Vanessa as she slapped Brendan in the shoulder and ran away.

"Oh no you didn't," Brendan said as he began a slow trot in her direction.

Vanessa ran full speed toward the softball fields to the left of the road, hoping to call safe when she reached the fence.

"Got you!" Brendan huffed as he caught up to her just before the fence.

As he turned to run the other direction, Brendan tripped on a small hole in the ground, falling face down into the cool, damp grass. Vanessa lunged at her opportunity, and Brendan. She landed on top of him, pinning him to the ground.

Brendan caught her off guard with a swift tickle to the ribs. Flailing about Vanessa rolled onto her back and away from him, while Brendan moved to pin her down.

Straddling her stomach, he pinned her arms above her head. "Oh god!" she screamed as he began a full scale tickling assault on her ribs with his free hand. She tried to scream, but the laughter left her short of breath and panting underneath him.

Brendan could see Vanessa's reaction to his tickling went further than just the shortness of breath. Her nipples were showing through her shirt again in the moonlight.

An instant erection appeared in his pants as Brendan watched her struggle underneath him. There was no way to hide it, as he was pressed into her stomach while he held her down.

"And what is that?" she asked as she regained her breath. Knowing he was caught, Brendan froze, and then leaned down to kiss her.

As their lips grazed, they could both feel the bliss of a first kiss. Vanessa raised her chin for a better angle as her lips parted slightly. Brendan could feel this, and slipped his tongue between her lips, relaxing his hold on her wrists.

As their tongues danced, Vanessa could feel the dampness in her shorts growing. When she felt his hand on her left breast she knew they had crossed a line. She moaned into his mouth.

Brendan peeled his lips away from hers slowly and gazed into her eyes. For a brief moment, they looked at each other.

Then swiftly his lips were on her neck, and her other breast was in his palm.

Gasping, Vanessa rolled her head back and thrust her chest to the sky. She could feel his hard member still pressed against her belly button, driving her crazy. She simply wanted to reach down and grab it.

Brendan ran his fingers over Vanessa's cotton covered nipples, making them even stiffer. When she arched her back, his hands slipped under the hem of her shirt, lifting it above her breasts. Now exposed to him, Vanessa moaned as his lips found her sensitive nipples.

"Oh god!" she moaned.

With his lips still on her chest, Brendan raised himself off of her slowly, spreading her knees and moving to lie between them. He groaned as his member pressed against her shorts.

With a quick pull, he removed Vanessa's shirt completely, followed by his own. She was even more beautiful than he could have imagined. 

Switching to her other nipple, Brendan bit down lightly, eliciting a stifled groan. Vanessa's hands were in his hair as she slowly pushed him downward. Brendan kissed down her breasts, over her navel and finally reached the waistband of her shorts. They were cool and silky, the type worn by cyclists. As his lips caressed her waist, he looked up at her eyes, only to see them closed. He was so close to her that he could smell her arousal.

Slowly he lifted her knees and reached to pull on her shorts. As they slid away, her thin cotton panties came with them, leaving her totally exposed beneath his eyes.

Brendan inhaled deeply, savoring her scent and admiring the tufts of hair that covered her mound. "You are so beautiful," he said as he lowered his lips to her dripping pussy.

"Oh god, Brendan!" she shouted, a little too loud. His tongue probed the edges of her folds, moving slowly from bottom to top. When he reached her swollen clit it grew even further as his tongue enveloped it. Vanessa quivered at the sensations coursing through her body.

Slowly Brendan inserted a finger into Vanessa's dripping cunt, spreading her open to him. When his second knuckle disappeared, he moved his tongue inside as well and probed her body to its depths, eliciting another squelched moan.

Vanessa was trying to be quite, knowing how exposed they really were. Anyone wandering by could easily see their passion, as she was being devoured by her long time friend. "Oh god! Eat me" she said as she ran her fingers through his hair, pulling him tighter into her body.

As he continued to eat her, Brendan inserted a second finger into her cunt, causing Vanessa to buck her hips. Finger fucking her in the moonlight, he moved to bite down lightly on her clit, flicking his tongue over her engorged bud. When his pinky finger brushed ever so lightly against the ridge of her sphincter, Vanessa squealed.

He could feel the walls of her pussy clenching his fingers, pulling them deeper inside. As Vanessa's orgasm passed, Brendan moved to kiss her. When he reached her mouth, he covered her lips with his, as her body relaxed in a gentle numbness spreading from her center.

"Brendan, fuck me," she whispered in his ear.

Vanessa reached down to the waistband of Brendan's shorts, sliding them down. As the shorts bunched around his knees, Brendan's eight inch cock sprung loose. Vanessa quickly had his shorts around his ankles where he could kick them off.

Brendan lay forward on top of Vanessa and kissed her again. As he did, the head of his cock pressed against her opening. Grabbing the base of his dick, Vanessa ran the head up and down over her wet folds before spreading her lips to allow him access. As she did, Brendan pushed forward, slowly at first, then thrusting to the hilt.

"Oh God! Fuck me!" Vanessa moaned, wrapping her legs around her lover's waist. Brendan was happy to oblige. He pulled out so only his cock head was inside her, then plunged in again, finding a rhythm.

Biting down on Vanessa's ear lobe, Brendan thrust his entire length into her, grinding his pelvis into her clit. Vanessa's legs pulled him in with each thrust, meeting him with thrusts of her own.

"Oh God, you're so tight!" Brendan whispered; Vanessa just moaned. 

As they fucked on the grass, Brendan felt the surge begin in his balls.

"I'm going to come, baby," he said. "Shoot it inside me!" Vanessa managed to gasp.

With no more encouragement necessary, Brendan moved his lips back to Vanessa's neck and plunged his cock into her as rapidly as he could. The surge rose into the base of his cock and he shot load after load into Vanessa's womb. Suddenly Vanessa began to quake, her orgasm rushing over her as well.

"OOOOOHHHHHhhhhhhhhhh!" Vanessa yelled as she arched her back, showing her tits to the sky. Brendan slowly pulled out and lay down beside her. As he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close, he whispered, "You're an amazing young woman."

Vanessa jumped from fright when she heard it. "Good show," said Amanda.