 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

***

"Check it out," the guy seated next to Briana said. He leaned way into her personal space and tapped his paper with the back of his fingertips. "The Ice Queen gave me a C minus. This is crap." 

Briana hurriedly stuffed her A minus paper into her leather portfolio. She wouldn't want to piss the guy off any further, by letting him see her grade.

"Sorry dude. I guess we all have to work harder." She climbed from her chair, getting ready to leave the hall. She headed toward the podium at the front of the room where Jessica, her roommate stood waiting for her.

Someone grabbed Briana's arm. She turned to find the guy with the C minus looking down at her hopefully. Handsome and neat in his green shirt and Dockers, he raked a hand through his sandy brown hair. "You know what can make me feel better? Join me for coffee?"

"No, thank you."

"A movie? Dinner?"

Her eyebrows drew together and she rubbed her temples tiredly. "Uhh... Taylor right?"

"I've sat next to you for almost two months and you're not even sure of my name? Yes it's Taylor."

Well, lots of guys sat next to her. She couldn't be expected to remember their names when she had zero interest in them.

"Sorry Taylor, but I am not interested. Okay? Now run along like a good boy and go chase a willing ...pretty face."

Taylor winced and covered his heart with one hand. "Ouch. The beauty has claws." He chuckled. 

"Sorry." Briana said with a laugh.

"Know what? I'm not gonna give up. Seriously. You haven't heard or seen the last of me Sweet Briana." Taylor blew Briana a kiss and turned to go.

"No you haven't." He shouted whiles walking out making Briana laugh.

"What was all that about?" Jessica asked meeting her at the door.

"Well that guy wouldn't take NO for an answer."

"Hmm...he's hot!" Jessica said batting her lashed at Briana.

"Yeah? You're welcome to him Jess." Briana howled with laughter. "Come on let's get out of here."

"What did you expect Bri? This is virtually an all-male class so enjoy all the attention. Already more than half the class has hit on you right? My own class...full of uptight wanna be lawyers is not this fun."

"Yeah what do you say we swap? Then you can make all these Engineering guys your bitches. What do you think?"

By the time they made their way to their room, they were in stitches from too much laughter.

"I am so tired. Thank God there are no lectures tomorrow." Briana threw herself on her bed with a groan.

"Yeah tell me about it." Jessica responded with a yawn. "Any plans for tomorrow? Going to spend time with my crush?"

Briana gave a small laugh. "I don't know Jess. He seems to be pretty busy these days." 

Jessica could hear the worry in Briana's voice and didn't like it.

"Come on Bri, we all know Cole is a very busy person. He must b...why don't you pay him a surprise visit in his office tomorrow?" Jessica said jumping up as if that is the most brilliant idea ever. "Think about it Bri. When was the last time you saw him?"

"More than two weeks ago Jess. And I'm missing him so much." She added wistfully.

"Well you're going there tomorrow and that is final guuurrrl. And you know why it's called a surprise right? Don't tell him Bri. Trust me on this. Have I ever steered you wrong?"

"Nope Your Highness." Briana giggled.

"Good. Now let's go find something to eat and have fun."

Briana laughed and stood to follow Jessica out. She never thought she could become this close with the 'black queen' as everybody called her on campus. But she couldn't have asked for a more perfect roommate. She was hot, beautiful, fun and most of all, a good friend. The two girls had become inseparable. Jessica's dad, Patrick Walcott, owned a number of investment banks and it was rumored that his net worth was about twenty-seven billion dollars. But Jessica Walcott was a very simple girl, who had beauty and brains. Briana loved her roommate to bits. Jessica got along perfectly with Cole, calling him her crush all the time. She always joked that anytime Briana got tired of Cole, she should simply hand him over. She was the best roommate ever!

That night Briana lay in bed restless after Jessica had gone to sleep. She didn't want to come across as a whining girlfriend so tried her best to give Cole his space. But she really did miss him. She missed his touch, his smile, his caring nature...everything. God, how she wanted him. Just the thought of him was enough to get her horny. What she wouldn't give for a...

The sudden ringing of her phone in the silence of the room startled her. But on hearing the tone, which was reserved for only Cole, her heart jumped with joy.

"Cole" She answered breathlessly.

"Hey darling, what are you up to?"

"Cole, I miss you so much. I'm..."

"Hey baby calm down." Cole said picking up on the agitation in her voice. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing is wrong. I was just lying here, thinking about you."

"Uh-huh. Anything good?"

"Just wishing I were in your arms right now."

"Horny are we?" Cole said with a chuckle.

"It's your fault. I wasn't that way before I ..."

"Yes you were." Cole cut her off with a chuckle. "You just didn't know it."

Cole was with some pals so excused himself and went to sit in a quiet corner. He heard Briana laughing softly.

"You've corrupted me, you know." She said quietly.

"Why, what did I do?"

"You've just got me thinking about being naked and having sex with you all the time."

"The feeling is mutual Babe. But let's see what we can do about your current..erh...situation. Where are you? In bed?"

"Yeah. Where are you?"

"At Queen's Tavern with some colleagues. Where's Jess?"

"Asleep."

"Good. Take off your nightdress Bri." He knew she always slept in a nightdress but no panties.

"Cole..." He could hear the hesitation in her voice.

"What're you embarrassed about? I just wish you were naked in my arms so we could fuck each other's brains out but you are not. So come on, work with me here. Now take it off. I know you have masturbated before so this shouldn't be... "

"Well not whiles my boyfriend's voice is in my ear." Cole could hear rustling and the creak of the bed as she moved around.

He laughed softly. "It will be even better. Trust me on that. Is it off now?"

"Yes."

"Good. Now I need you to lie on your back with your head on a pillow."

"Done."

"Are you comfortable?"

"Yes."

"Great. Are your nipples hard?"

"Any harder, and I'll need surgery."

"Baby, don't make me laugh. Get serious." He said laughing uncontrollably.

"Ok ok. Are you done yet?" She asked smiling to herself. She loved hearing Cole laugh.

"Ok I'm cool. Now I want you use you left index finger to run circles around your nipples. Just barely touch them." He gave her a second, she said nothing.

"Are you doing it?"

"Yes."

"Does it feel good?"

"Umm Hmm. Not as good and when you do it."

That made Cole smile. 

"Now lick your fingers and squeeze your nipples between your thumb and forefinger. Remember what I did to them on the balcony three weeks ago?"

"Oh God yeah."

"Now imagine me there with you, doing that. Picture me in the room, sitting at the foot of your bed."

"Oh yea," she replied. "I have a very clear mental picture of you. You are totally hot."

"You're hotter." Cole was breathing harder now and had to gather himself to go on. 

Briana could not believe a mere touch to her own nipples could generate this much sensations. She could feel every touch within her very core. And Cole's voice was making it even more exquisite. A loud moan tore out of her helplessly.

"You better be quiet," Cole said teasingly. "Unless you want to get caught, which might be kind of...hot."

'He had absolutely no shame.' Briana thought. 'No shame at all.' But she didn't care. She loved him to bits.

"Describe what you're feeling, what you're doing, for me sweetie. Can you do that?" His voice reached out to her. He was so hard he wish he could touch himself too.

"I...I don't know if I can" she stammered.

"I want to hear how you feel, every moan, every gasp. You don't get to be quiet. I want to hear it all."

"God this is embarrassing. Okay here goes...My nipples...they are extremely sensitive right now."

"Mmmmm...I want to see that, uh, I mean, yes, I can see that." He caught himself, trying to stay in the moment for her. "Your breasts are so beautiful. Your nipples are so firm."

"Ohhhh" she cried out. "It...feels so good."

"Yes, I know. Now, move your hands lower, past your stomach. Run them over your thighs. Now, I want you to spread your legs wide for me. Remember, I'm right there, at the foot of your bed, and I want to see and hear everything. Show yourself to me. Tell me what I'm seeing."

"I can't believe I'm doing this...but...I'm lying on my back and my nipples are hard as rocks. I have my legs spread apart and they're trembling. You have me so excited I can hardly stand it. My hand travel around my body and it feels so very good."

"Good. Now, I want to see more. With your one hand, reach down and spread yourself open for me."

"Oh!" she said.

"Are you doing that for me?" Cole asked.

"Yes" she whispered.

"Tell me what I see." He said.

"Cole..."

"Please, I need to know."

"What are you saying?" she asked. "Are you excited too?"

"How can you even ask that? I have a mental picture of you, lying down naked, holding yourself open for me. I'm hard as a rock. Are you wet sweetheart?"

"Very wet," she purred into the phone. 

"Describe for me what you are doing Bri." 

"I am running the tips of my fingers over the inside of my thighs at the moment. Slowly moving upwards now, lightly touching my pussy lips."

"Nice. Tell me everything your hand is doing."

"Now, I am running one finger up my slit."

Cole groaned softly. He wanted to crawl through the phone and bury his face in her sex! He missed her taste so much. 

"Run your finger softly over that swollen clit for me." He told her softly swallowing hard.

"Ahhhhh..." He heard her very audible gasp.

"Not too quickly, Baby, make it last."

"Oh my God it feels so good Cole. I wish you were here so I could suck your cock. I want your tongue my clit right now." 

"Imagine your finger is my tongue." Cole smiled. Briana was obviously too far gone she didn't know what she was saying. This uninhibited Briana was refreshing.

"I...I'm getting close..."

"Hold it off as long as you can sweetie."

"Ok. God it just feels so good. My clit...it's so swollen...my nipples are so sensitive! Cole what are you doing to me? I...I...don't think I can hold...off..."

The incoherent gurgling from her throat indicated to Cole she'd begun cumming. She was obviously trying very hard not to make any sound that would wake her roommate up.

Cole was so painfully hard he was gasping for breath and felt all hot and sweaty. He felt loads of pre-cum escape the tip of his cock. All of his body was tensed like a bow and arched. 

"You don't know how much I want you right now." He told her, a low moan escaping his lips.

A few minutes of silence went by.

"Bri you there?" He queried.

"Umm hmm, I needed that." She replied sleepily making Cole laugh softly.

"Feel better now?"

"Very much. Thank you." she said sounding shy.

"My pleasure." Cole said. "Now, sleep well beautiful and dream of me. I'll see you on Sunday okay?"

"Okay. I love you." She hanged up and fell asleep with a smile on her face.

Cole sat alone for a while trying to compose himself. How the fuck was he going to be able to wait till Sunday to...

"Cole?" He heard Tyron, his very good friend and a fellow lawyer shouting his name. He stood up and walked towards him. "Dude, what happened to you? You need to come listen to the crap Matt is spewing out. Hey, you okay? You look flushed." Tyron added looking at his friend closely.

"I'll live." Cole muttered with a deep sigh. He went to join his friends thinking of how to make time to see Briana before Sunday.

***

"What?" Cole bellowed into the phone. Kayla, his executive assistant knew better than to interrupt him at this time of the day. This was the time he did what he called, strategic thinking.

"There's a lady here to see you. Claims it's very important she sees you. Says she's Lisa and that you don't know her."

"And she says it's important?" 

"Very important." Drawled her mischievous executive assistant.

"Ok send her in. And Kay, you know what to do after ten minutes..."

"I do Cole."

Cole looked up when his door opened and his mouth fell open.

"What are you doing here Bri?" He managed to get out.

"Well hello to you too. I missed you. Wanted to surprise you." Briana said with a laugh, happy she had successfully managed to put that look on Cole's face.

"Well I am surprised. And damn you're a sight for sore eyes. You look amazing baby." Cole gushed out, standing and coming around his desk to stand in front of Briana. He took her hand and twirled her around slowly so he could get a better look at her. 

Briana couldn't help but blush at the blatant lust and admiration in Cole's eyes. She knew she looked hot in her chic white dress that stopped mid-thigh. It had spaghetti straps with rows of ruffles along the bodice and an empire waist with center front ties. She had on a five inches high turquoise heel which had lace ties along the front that revealed a hint of skin, with a turquoise clutch to match, giving her a look of classic elegance. 

Cole stopped twirling Briana around and simply started at her. He stood riveted, rocked by desire so fierce he could barely string two thoughts together. He felt his cock thicken and lengthen with rousing appreciation.

Goddammit... She was hot as hell. Full-lipped, blue-eyed, long silky black hair. A fucking walking wet dream. He'd had a lot of beautiful women, but only Briana made him feel like he might die if he didn't get inside her.

His fingers sank into her hair, tilting her head back. He stared into her eyes until she thought she would die if he didn't kiss her.

"You are gorgeous". He whispered. He lowered his head and claimed her mouth in a kiss so passionate her knees went weak. He pulled back and raked his eyes over her. Then he was kissing her again. They devoured each other's mouths, hunger building fast. Cole's mouth was hot and wet, claiming Briana's for his own, then moving down to her jaw and neck, harsh sounds of want and need spilling out. Briana moaned helplessly.

His hand moved down her hips and under her dress. She shuddered when his fingers pushed into her panties and found the moist heat between her thighs. 

"You are wet," he said, as if awed by the discovery. 

Briana thrust into his hand, her own mouth hungry at his throat. "Oh God Cole please..." 

Cole felt like he was starving, needing more and needing it now, his cock impossibly hard in his trousers. He turned and pulled Briana around the desk. He knew one thing for sure. If he didn't have her now, he was going to go out of his mind.

"I need you." His mouth was sliding over her cheek and down her throat. "I need to be inside you..."

"No. My God come on Cole. Not here." But her protest sounded weak even to her own ears. She wanted him anywhere, anytime...

"It has to be here," he muttered, dropping into his chair. "It has to be now." He pushed his open laptop aside and seated her on the edge of his desk.

Cole took off her panties without taking her shoes off and his hands smoothed up her thighs, bunching up her dress. He lifted her onto the desk and stepped between her knees, working his belt without taking his eyes from hers. With desperate movements, he freed his cock and flicked his fingers over her clit drawing a gasp from her. He captured her lips in a searing kiss, slowly rubbing the tip of his cock against her wet pussy, lubricating his cock in the process and building that anticipation with every brush against her slit. He watched her eyes glaze over as he rubbed the head over her clit. She squirmed closer, impatient. Her pussy throbbed in protest of its neglect. She wanted him inside her so bad. His big, beautiful cock pounding her fast and hard. She couldn't take any more of this torture. She had to have him. 

"Take me, Cole," she said shakily, her breathing, erratic. "Now." 

Leaning back slightly he shifted his hips allowing only the crown of his cock to rest directly against the tight pink opening making her whimper in anticipation. His eyes watched hers as the swollen head slipped into the tight ring of muscle of her pussy. As he filled her body with his, he gasped brokenly as if he were already near orgasm and Briana wrapped her legs around his waist, locking her ankles behind him.

Her head fell back in ecstasy. "That feels so good." 

"Yeah," he said, resting his head against the side of her face. "Uh, God." He thrust into her gently, rotating his hips to intensify their pleasure, his breath leaving him in primitive grunts. "Feels fucking fantastic." 

Feeling the thickness of his cock stretching her open, she almost begged for him to pound his cock into her, but she knew he was waiting for her to get used to his size before doing so. Glancing at him she met his eyes for a second before he moved forward, pushing more of his cock into her tight pussy, his head falling back in pleasure. He picked up his pace and soon there was nothing but exquisite sensations as with each movement, he pushed even deeper. 

A handful of strokes later, he dropped his head to her shoulder as he gasped her name, his hips rolling to stir her into a frenzy. A trembling moan left her and she tightened around him making him curse. Closing her eyes she met his powerful thrusts enjoying the feeling of the thick long cock filling and stretching her open for his coming assault.

"Oh Christ, Bri," Cole gasped into her neck. "I've got to warn you, I won't last long."

Moving his hands from her thighs, he held her arse in a firm grip, rocking her back slightly, her legs fell over his forearms keeping her spread wide open for his slamming thrusts, his cock coming to rest at her womb with each forward motion. She gasped loudly feeling as if she'd been struck with lightning.

She sought his mouth with hers, kissing him deeply. His strokes increased in tempo. He groaned into her mouth. She answered him with a moan. His thrusts grew faster now. He'd completely lost control. She grabbed his head, fingers digging into his scalp as her excitement began to peak. He tore his mouth away from hers. 

"God, please tell me you're close Baby. I can't hold it." 

He leaned away from her enough to reach down between their bodies. When his fingers found her aching clit and flicked it, she exploded. Knowing the wail of pleasure that was bound to erupt out of her, Cole leaned his head down and captured her mouth in a scorching wet kiss swallowing her cries. He grunted softly, thrusting into her harder and harder. A convulsive shudder wracked his powerful frame, followed by an agonized sound of ecstasy. His cock jerked inside her, once, twice, and then he was coming long and hard, spurting hotly into the clutching depths of her body, his body trembling with satisfaction.

Briana watched Cole with awe and pure female triumph. She could do this to him.

"Damn," he said, stroking her cheek, "do you have any idea what you do to me?" He murmured holding her tight. Oh she did alright. He pulled out slowly, making Briana moan. She felt Cole using a soft fabric which she knew must be a handkerchief to clean her up and she suddenly felt embarrassed.

"Let me do that myself Cole." She said trying to close her thighs but Cole prevented her from closing up and finished cleaning her up.

"You should know by now that I love taking care of you Briana Scott. Oh and that reminds me...Lisa?"
