 It was six o'clock. I'd just watched our minor-league baseball team win a day game and I was headed toward the bus stop. The panels on the side of the shelter usually have advertisements in them. On this particular Saturday, I couldn't see any of the text, but I caught a brief glimpse of the model's silhouette, and she was a knockout. I jammed my foot against a bump in the sidewalk where a tree root had pushed the cement up. I didn't fall, but when I looked up, I realized that there was no poster at the bus stop. The beauty was actually standing there.

I didn't rush to get to the bus stop, but once I was there I had to introduce myself. She was standing up, wearing a black scoop-neck T-shirt and denim shorts that looked like they'd been painted on. Her skin had me wondering if she was Latina, biracial, or just a slightly tanned white lady. I'm 5' 10", and she was only a couple inches shorter than me. I shook a little as I said, "Hi, I'm Kevin."

She seemed annoyed, but she answered, "I'm Venus."

"Wow," I said. "That's a perfect name for you, 'cause you're--you--"

At least she didn't sound like I was bothering her. "I'm what?"

"Venus. The goddess of love. And, well, when I first saw you standing here, I thought you were a model. Not just a model standing at the bus stop." I pointed to the empty space on the side. "Usually there's a poster here, and I thought they were using you to sell something. Whatever it was, I would've bought it."

Venus giggled. "That's sweet," she said.

I had an epiphany and snapped my fingers. "I know what it is. You look like the kind of woman they use in ads for hard liquor."

She laughed again. She stood in front of the empty display case and leaned her arm against the back wall. "Like this?" she asked.

I was mesmerized. I wanted to put my hands around her, but I held back. "Yeah," I said nervously. "Your body. Venus. The goddess of love. I can't help myself. You make me want to--Wait, that sounds like the excuse some creeps use when they don't take 'no' for an answer, but I don't mean it that way."

Venus stood up straight again. I put my arms on her hips and waited an instant. She didn't scream, or punch me, or kick me in the groin. She didn't even push me away. She looked up at me and prodded me. "I know you don't mean it that way. So, I make you want to what?"

I looked into her green eyes. "Oh, God, those eyes. I was going to say I wanted to love you from head to toe, but your eyes are as beautiful as the rest of you. I just want to look in your eyes while I melt into you." I moved my hands from her hips to her upper arms.

Venus put her hands on my hips this time. "Spit it out," she said. "What do you want?"

She ran one hand down my spine, and I couldn't hold back. "I want to fuck you. And suck you. And lick you. Anything else that you'll let me do or want me to do."

She raised herself and rubbed her crotch into mine. "I haven't gotten any in a while. What are you doing tonight?"

I couldn't believe it. I had the dumbest pick-up line in recorded history, and it was working! "I just left a baseball game and I was headed home."

She pointed to a wheeled basket on the other side of the shelter. "I was headed to the grocery store, but I can wait till later."

"So you live around here?" I smacked my head. "Of course you do."

"Follow me," she said. We walked around the block to a one-story apartment complex. As I turned the corner, I could see that the units were small. I could tell by the design that it was an old building, but it was well taken care of. When we got to her door, she stopped. "Give me your driver's license," she said.

"What?"

"You said anything I want you to do, didn't you?"

"Yeah, I did," I sighed. I pulled out my wallet and pulled my license out.

Venus took a picture of it with her cell phone and sent it to someone. "If anything happens to me, Gina will know you were the last person to see me." She put her phone back, got her keys out and let me in. I picked up her basket while she opened the door.

Her apartment wasn't dirty, but it didn't look like she was expecting company. There was a book on her dining room table, and a couple dirty dishes were in her sink. She closed the only curtain that was open and reclined on her couch. "Tell me more about my beautiful body," she said.

"Your skin. I know it's not important, it's what's inside that counts, but are you Latina?"

"On my mom's side," she said.

"I couldn't tell by sight, but I thought you might be when I heard you talk. You've got that--I don't even know if I'd call it an accent. There's a certain way that I hear a lot of 'em talk, and it's only women, never men. It's sexy as hell 'cause it's just ... real."

"Thanks," Venus said. "I can imitate a TV Hispanic accent, but it doesn't sound any more authentic than my Russian accent. Before you ask, I don't speak Spanish. Now tell me more."

"Well, I told you how beautiful your eyes are. I wouldn't be able to stop staring at your figure if they didn't entrance me."

She turned so her back was against the back of the sofa and pushed her chest out. "You like my figure?"

"I saw you in silhouette at first, so the first thing I noticed were your mammaries."

"Mammaries?" she repeated with a laugh. "We're not in an anatomy class!"

"I know," I told her, "but, well, I told you you're like your namesake. I can't call 'em 'tits' while I'm picturing a clam shell behind you."

Venus laughed again, but not in a ridiculing way. "I knew there was a reason I liked you. I saw that painting on a trip to a museum when I was twelve. In eleven years, you're the first guy who's ever mentioned it when he was trying to seduce me."

"I couldn't even tell how big they were when I saw you in silhouette, but I'll bet they're really firm."

"See for yourself," Venus said. She sat up and pulled her shirt off. She was wearing a tan, seamless bra. She put my hand on the left cup. I caressed her breast through the fabric.

I leaned in to kiss her, adding, "Your lips are beautiful, too."

Venus leaned forward as well. I put my other hand on her right breast. I reached around with my right hand and didn't find any clasps in the back. She moved my right hand to her bra strap. I did the same to my left, and I pulled them both down to her forearms. She pulled one arm back and told me, "Keep pulling." I did, and soon her bra was gathered underneath her breasts.

"They say more than a handful is a waste. I say two hands full isn't too much, and you're probably close to that." She picked my hand up and put it on the side of her boob. She moved back toward the arm of the couch and leaned on it. I caressed one breast and then the other. Her nipples were a little hard. Her left breast was just large enough that I needed both hands to cup it. I kissed the nipple.

"Suck it," she said. I did, but not before flicking my tongue across it. "Now tweak the other one."

"Sure!" I said. I put my thumb and index finger on it.

"I didn't say to let go of the first one!" she said. I took it back in my mouth. Her hips writhed underneath me. "Now switch," she told me. I moved my mouth to her right breast and pinched the left one that I'd just left behind. She moaned and held me close. "Take your shirt off," she instructed. I sat up and did as I was told.

"Yeah, I'm a skinny white boy," I sighed.

"Like you said, it's what's inside that counts," Venus said. She moved forward until she was on top of me. I thought she was going to feed me her tits again, but she kissed me instead. I put my hands on her back and we shared an open-mouth kiss that seemed to last forever.

"Oh, God, you have the most talented tongue," I told her.

"You have no idea," she said with a grin. I smiled back, and I couldn't stop myself from getting a hard-on. "Yeah, that's exactly what I meant," she assured me. "I give as good as I get." She got off me and motioned for me to stand up. When I did, she unbuckled my belt and pulled my shorts down. She pointed back and said, "Lie down." I did. She knelt in front of my face. She kissed me and rubbed my crotch. Just when I didn't think my underwear could hold it any more, she pulled the elastic back and freed my cock. She let it bounce once or twice before she wrapped her hand around it. All this time, she never broke eye contact with me.

"No comment about it being the biggest you've ever seen?" I quipped.

"It feels like plenty big enough for me to enjoy," she said. "That's all that matters." She kissed my chin, my Adam's apple and my chest, stroking me slowly as she descended. She glanced down and added, "I was right about that!" Once she said that, it stood up so proudly that she didn't even have to hold it. She licked it from base to head on the top side and then back down to my balls. She held it back so she could suck each ball into my mouth. I had my hand on her neck, but I wasn't pushing. I waited for her to take the head into her mouth, but she stood up and turned around slowly. "Do you like what you see, Kevin?"

"Oh, yeah!" I exclaimed. "That ass. I'm not sure what I wanna do, but I wanna do it hard."

As Venus turned around, I sat up. She peeled her shorts and thong down just far enough that I could see where each of her thighs met her torso, along with the very top of her pussy hair. She covered her breasts with her arms and asked, "How's the front view?"

"Fantastic," I answered. "I mean literally. When I fantasize about fucking a beautiful woman, that's the kind of hips and pussy I picture."

"Well, sure, I'm proud of my hips, but how do you know about my pussy? You can't see it."

"I meant the shape," I clarified, "but if that's an invitation, I accept!" I pulled her close and kissed her navel. I kissed a line down to the top of her thong, stopped and looked up at her.

She sighed impatiently and answered my unasked question, "Yes, it's an invitation already."

I took the sides of her thongs between my fingertips and slowly revealed what I supposed was the top half of the most beautiful pussy lips I'd ever seen. "It's as wonderful as I imagined," I told her. I flicked her clit with my tongue and zigzagged across the exposed part of her labia. Just as I got to the hem of her thong, I pulled it the rest of the way down, but slowly. I licked the rest of her labia as I exposed the flesh. Her landing strip was short but covered most of the area, like a V inside a U.

"That's torture," she said with heavy breath.

"Sorry," I told her.

I pulled her close, planning to suck her pussy flesh into my mouth, but she corrected me. "No, I like it!" She moved her knees so I could pull her thong the rest of the way down. I put my hands on her buttocks and licked a line up and down the line that her pussy lips formed. She moaned her approval the first few times and then told me, "Get back on the couch." We both took our shoes and socks off (and she took her bra off while she was at it), leaving us both completely naked. I correctly guessed that she meant for me to be on my back again. She climbed on top of me in a 69 and put two fingers around the base of my dick. I felt her lips surround the head. She took about an inch into her mouth and then let go. "What are you waiting for?" she asked.

"I was waiting for you to come all the way down so I can give you my full attention when I start on you," I said.

I could see the back of her head as she nodded. "That makes sense."

No longer distracted by her mouth, I surprised her by putting my fingers over her pussy lips and separating them. I pulled her butt down to get my tongue inside her. She brought her head down at the same time and took my cock back in. Once I'd wiggled my tongue, she brought her mouth all the way down and moved her jaw so that I could feel it rubbing my balls. I pulled her hips back a little so I could reach deeper into her pussy and rub her clit. As a bonus, I ended up moving her head so that the underside of my shaft was rubbing the roof of her mouth. I also felt her teeth, just enough to tease me, not to hurt. She came right back. I pulled my tongue out long enough to say, "Damn, you got the whole thing in!"

"It's not that huge," Venus assured me.

"I know, but no one's even tried before," I told her. Instead of putting my tongue back in, I just lapped all over the area, making occasional stops to focus on her clit again. Then I opened her lips and put my index finger inside her.

After I pistoned it a few times, she moaned, "More!" I added my middle finger and then my ring finger. "Yeah! That's perfect," she groaned. "Oh, God, Kevin. Your dick may not be the longest I've had, but you've sure got the longest fingers!" Inspired, I went even faster. She ground her hips toward my hand, and I had an idea. I reached around with my other hand and tried to find her asshole. I guess I found it, because she said, "Not yet. Later!" She resumed going up and down on my cock.

I could feel my balls start to close in. "I'm gonna come," I warned her.

She mumbled something that sounded like, "Me, too."

I could feel her juices flow onto my tongue. "Where do you want it?" I asked. She got up and sat with her butt on the cushion. She pointed my cock up and got my cum on her tits and chin.

"Sorry I didn't give you the same choice," she said.

"That's okay. Long as I get to taste it, I'm good."

Venus moved up until she was on top of me. I could feel my cum transferring from her chest and belly to my chest, and a little bit of hers on my thigh where her pussy ended up. She didn't seem to do anything deliberately, but I could feel her tits rubbing my chest and her belly running over my cock. I put my hands under her buttocks. She came up to kiss me, and when she did, I could feel moisture near my cock head. She moved her hips back and forth, and I could tell the very base of her pussy was teasing the tip of my dick. I took my hands off her buttocks, and she moved her hips back down a little. I wasn't positive, but I thought she got just the head inside her cunt. "Are you ready?" I asked.

"Yeah, but not like this," she said, and she got off me. "I wanna be the one who lies back for this."

I got up so she could lie down. "Good. I like it more than one way, but this way I can see your whole body while I'm taking you." I got on the couch. "Yes," I said. "This is what I wanted to see. Your beautiful face, your awesome breasts. Even your belly is beautiful." Venus brought her legs up. "Maybe sometime I'll even fuck your legs. But that pussy is like a shrine, and I'm going to worship at it!"

"Do it," she said. I lined my cock up over her pussy and ran it back and forth. "Don't tease me this time," she insisted. I pushed down on my cock until it was right at her opening and slid in. "Oh, shit," she moaned. "Is it what you hoped?"

I moved in and out, getting a little further in each time. The first time I got all the way in, Venus tightened her muscles. "Even better," I answered. She loosened her grip and I pulled back. I was harder this time, so I got even further.

"Oh, yeah," she said. "Fuck me. Fuck your goddess!" We'd barely started, and I could already smell the sex sweat. Her voice and the aroma urged me on. I went harder than I'd ever gone before. Other than the goddess bit, she wasn't saying anything I hadn't heard before, but that Latina accent made it sound even sexier. "Oh, fuck, your dick's getting wider," she told me. "It's spreading my cunt in new directions."

I pulled her close to me and kissed her on the mouth. She put her hands on my butt, which enticed me to go even harder. I could feel my balls contract. "Are you ready?" I asked.

"Ready for what? Oh, that. Yeah, come inside me! Come in my shrine!"

I held her tighter. "I'm coming, Venus! I'm filling your holiest of holies!"

"Give it all to me," she urged. The next two minutes were filled with incomprehensible cries of pleasure.

When both our orgasms had subsided, I asked her, "So, why'd you bring me back here? I'm just some guy who came up and told you you're beautiful. You must get that all the time."

"I'd be lying if I said that there aren't a lot of guys telling me I'm hot, but they all try to hide what they want. You were honest with me. I like that." We were both silent for a couple minutes, and then Venus spoke again. "So, you like my ass, huh?"

"Hell, yeah. I was hoping you'd stay on top when we fucked so I could see it wiggle."

After an awkward minute of silence, she asked, "How 'bout dinner?"

"Love to," I told her. "Where did you want to go?"

"Nowhere," she said. "If I wanted to eat out tonight, you wouldn't have seen me at the bus stop."

"Which ironically already led to us eating out."

"Damn it, I walked right into that one," Venus said. We were still in the kitchen, which was also her dining room. (Again, small apartment.) She looked into her refrigerator and observed, "I've got some sausage--Don't say it!--eggs and cheese." She turned around and asked, "Do you like omelets?"

I said, "Absolutely," and laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"This has to be the most beautiful sight in the world. A sexy naked woman, with my cum already inside her, asking me what I want for dinner. 'Make me a sandwich,' my ass." I walked toward one of the chairs.

She looked at the chair and added, "Uh, speaking of your ass, ..."

I hadn't even started to sit, but I said, "Sorry." I left and came back with my underwear and her thong.

Venus had already turned on the burner and broken the eggs. She was opening a package of sausage when she saw me. "Damn," she said with that Latina voice. "You just keep scoring points."

"How do you mean?" I asked.

"Look, you're not the first guy who's been naked in this kitchen. But most guys I've known would've gotten their own clothes and left me naked."

I held the thong up and said, "I'm not sure there's much difference."

She put her hand on my dick and said, "There's a world of difference. If I weren't so hungry myself, I'd pull you to the floor right now for another round." She turned around and broke the sausage up into the egg yolks.

I could hear something sizzle and had an unpleasant image of the fat splattering onto her tits. "Um, you know what would be sexy and practical?"

"What?"

"I hate to say it. Do you have an apron?"

She turned around and said, "Stir this until I come back." She returned in a couple minutes with a smock like the one I wore when I worked in a pizzeria. The smock and her thong were all she had on. She stood in front of me and then turned around. I stepped aside, and she stood in front of the pan. I kissed her on the neck from behind. Then I couldn't help myself. I reached under the knot in the back and behind the hems of the smock until I found her hips. "You're making this hard," she said.

I ground my crotch into her ass and said, "So are you."

She returned my motions as much as she could without spilling the shredded cheese. "Mmmm," she said.

"Is that because of me or the omelet?" I asked.

"What do you think?" she replied. I pulled the back of the thong off to the side and ran my finger between her buttocks. "Move to the left," she said. She moved in front of the sink, and I went with her. "It's obvious neither one of us can wait, so just do it."

I untied her smock. I kissed a line down her spine until I got to the top of her ass. I found her asshole and got a finger in as gently as possible. "Wait," she said. "This is perfect. Give me your finger." I pulled it out of her. She hadn't put the lid back on the Crisco. She took a little out with her finger and rubbed it onto mine. I used it to lube her ass, and I got my dick in with practically no effort. "Oh, yeah! Fuck my ass!"

I couldn't hold back. I thrust back and forth. "Oh, Venus," I moaned. "Oh, God. This is the best day of my life."

