 Vernita and Shirl were the best of friends. They had known each other for years. Vernita was a gorgeous light skinned black woman with luminous eyes and a full figure topped with breasts that drew the eyes of men and women alike. Shirl was also attractive, but in a quieter way. She was dark skinned, fairly petite, but with a fully formed figure, just one on a smaller scale than Vernita's. 

Vernita was engaged to be married and was very much in love. One night when she and her fiancée, Derrick, were sharing some post-coital bliss they got to talking about each other's fantasies. He had a rather typical male fantasy, which is having sex with two women. But he assured her, she would be one of the two as she was his love and the object of his lust. But, still, if he could...... 

The conversation didn't last too long as they were both sleepy after some intense love making. But Vernita didn't forget. She talked about it with Shirl as they shared everything. She knew that Shirl wasn't into men but she had a good head on her shoulders when it came to how they think. Actually, she thought, it was too bad she wasn't into men. Derrick had commented more than once what a shame it was that Shirl was a lesbian. So she knew he would enjoy having sex with her. For that matter, she was one of the few women Vernita would feel comfortable letting her Derrick have sex with. 

So she said "You know it's too bad you aren't into guys. Derrick thinks you're hot. Besides, I can trust you not to try to steal my guy. Not like some of the other women we know."

"Yeah, well. You know I've never been into guys. I mean Derrick is handsome and all that. But guys just don't do it for me." 

"Yeah, I know you're weird. But I like you anyway." Vernita said with a grin. 

"Does Derrick really want to have two girls to have sex with? Or does he want to watch two women get it on?" 

"I don't know, now that you mention it. Guys do seem to get off on watching both. I'll ask him. Say, what happening with you and the girl you were dating?"

"Oh, we were just fooling around. She wasn't really my type."

"I didn't think so. She was kind of a dyke. You seem to go for more feminine women."

"Well, yeah. But I do like them bigger than me. Nothing better than getting my hands on some big titties like yours."

Blushing, Vernita said "Like that's ever going to happen." 

The two women just laughed. They had had some version of this byplay ever since they were teenagers. It was familiar territory. Vernita knew that Shirl wanted her, at least physically. But the two had always stayed away from any serious discussion, preferring not to disrupt their friendship. 

That evening over a glass or two of wine, Vernita brought up the subject of sexual fantasies again with Derrick. "You said that you wanted two women sometime. Did you mean, to make love to both or to watch them make out? What is it that really excites you?"

"Baby, I, well, I. Oh, you know. I can't believe we're even talking about this. Why are you bringing it up?"

"I don't know. Just curious, I guess. So which is it?"

"I guess my fantasy is more to watch the woman I love get it on with another woman and with me. I really am not interested in other women for myself."

"So it is watching me get it on with a woman that excites you? What about with another guy?"

"No! Not another guy. You know I'm the jealous type. I just figure that a woman is not the same as a man. I don't really know how to explain it."

With that, Vernita changed the subject by reaching over and rubbing his cock inside his pants. She had seen it get hard as he talked about it seeing two women, so now she planned to make use of it and get some pleasure. As she started unzipping his pants, he let out a low moan. It was clear that he wanted her as much as she wanted him. His hands reached out to fondle her breasts, sliding her blouse up so he could get closer to them. As she pulled his cock from his pants, he popped a breast out the bra. Then leaned over to take the nipple in his mouth. He began to suck on it hungrily as if he was going to get milk from that luscious orb. 

Vernita's head went back and she let out a moan as the feeling in her nipple moved magically down to her pussy. She began pumping his hard cock, her thumb running over the tip where it smeared the pre-cum over the head. Then he took his hands and lifted her blouse over her head before reaching around to unfasten her bra. Her breasts spilled out of their confinement to bounce gently on her chest. He took them in his hands and held them as though weighing them before reaching down to suckle the other nipple. 

"Mmmm, it tastes as sweet as the other one. I love your breasts baby."

"I love it when you suck on them. You know, you aren't the only one that likes my breasts. Shirl has always wanted to get her hands on them."

Since she still had her hand on his cock, she could feel it twitch when she said that. This just confirmed what he said earlier about wanting to see her with another woman. While she was processing this, his hands moved down to her hips. He unzipped her skirt and began to pull it down her legs. She obliged by lifting her hips and soon she was nude except for her red thong. He began rubbing her pussy through the thong before moving it aside and plunging two fingers inside that warm, wet honeypot. His thumb began to play with her clit as his fingers pumped into her pussy. 

Then he slid her thong off and slid down further on the couch so that he was looking directly as her pussy. It was a nicely trimmed pussy with full lips begging to be licked. He succumbed to their siren call and his tongue slipped out of his mouth to lick the full length of her slit. Then he began to lick and suck in earnest, taking her clit into his mouth to suckle it as he did her nipples a few minutes before. The feelings were bringing her to an orgasm but when he slipped two fingers into her pussy, she was overwhelmed with sensations. She came so hard that she squirted juices all over his face. But he didn't stop his ministrations and she continued to cum again and again. 

Finally he stopped and she pried her eyes open to see him looking up at her, his face covered in her juices. She reached her hands down and guided him up to face her. As his face neared hers, her tongue snaked out to begin licking the juices off his face. She did not stop until his face was dry once again. 

The whole time she was licking his face, she was aware of his cock prodding her belly. Knowing that he needed some relief, she slid down the couch until his cock was pointing at her mouth. She opened her mouth and he slid his cock inside. It kept going in until his balls were resting on her chin. She has learned to deep throat long ago and enjoyed the feeling of his cock as it slid in and out of her throat. She swallowed a few times, her throat muscles massaging his cock. Then he began to pump in and out, his thrusting getting harder as he neared a climax. 

But then he stopped and withdrew his cock. He grabbed her by the hips and flipped her over. Then before she knew what was happening, he plunged his cock into her pussy. Her pussy was still so wet that it met no resistance as it bottomed out inside her womb. Once again, he began to pump in and out before unleashing a torrent of cum inside of her. The whole action brought her to another climax, a climax that brought her juices squirting out around his cock to drench both of them and left a puddle on the couch. 

Because it was a weeknight and they both had to be up early tomorrow. He forced himself up and then pulled her up before leading her into the bedroom. She was so out of it from her orgasms, that she was barely aware of his actions. In fact, she did not even remember getting into bed and was surprised the next morning to find that she has slept without putting on her teddy. He was already up when she awoke and was taking a shower. 

Smiling, she rose and went into the bathroom where she joined him in the shower. He was pleasantly surprised by the feel of her warm body as she cuddled up to him. He bent his head to kiss her fully on the mouth, his cock rising in desire. She felt it rise up between them and decided to get the snack she had missed last night. So she slid down his wet body to kneel at his feet. There, she appraised her coming treat for a second before engulfing it in her mouth. This time she took control, licking and slurping it until he came in her mouth. She savored the taste before swallowing her treat. Then she rose to her feet to kiss him, giving him a little taste of his cum. Then they proceeded to soap each other up in a slow, sensual way. Leaving them both sexually aroused but knowing that they did not have time to indulge until after work. 

After their shower, they hurried through their morning routine and left for work, sharing a lingering kiss before they parted. When Vernita got to work, Shirl was already there and said "Girl, you glow. Must have been some morning. So tell, tell."

"Oh, we had some great sex last night. I actually passed out from it, it was so intense! Then this morning I gave him a blow job in the shower before we soaped each other up. I can't wait to get home. I need some more of my man!"

"Yech! I can't understand how you can take a guy's cock in your mouth. But to each her own. Did you find out what his fantasy was?"

Blushing, Vernita looked away for a second before saying "Yeah, he wants to see me make it with another woman."

"Will you do it for him?"

Vernita whispered, "Yes, I will. I would do anything for him. I love him so much and this would make him happy."

"Who?"

"Oh, god. You know who. It is hard enough even thinking of doing it with another woman. But doing it with a stranger. No way."

Shirl just stood there. She could not believe what she just heard. She had wanted Vernita since they were kids but never thought she might have a chance to enjoy that gorgeous body. Finally she said "It's ok. I know you don't go that way. We will take it easy."

"I know. I trust you. Hell, you're my best friend. Oh, god. I can't believe this is going to happen."

"When were you thinking of?"

"I just want to get it over with now that I've decided. How about Saturday night? You can come over for dinner."

"Will you tell him before, you know?" 

"No, this will be a surprise. Oh, I better get some wine. I will need it. Lots of it."

"Oh girl. It will be special. Don't worry. We will take it slow and sensual. But I have admit, I can't wait to taste those luscious breasts of yours." Shirl didn't say it, but even more than Vernita's breasts, she wanted to get a taste of her pussy. She had seen it a number of times over the years when they were changing or something. It was the most delicious thing she had ever seen. Nice full lips and a clit that stood up like a little cock when she was horny. 

They parted company and went off to their jobs. The rest of the week went along too slowly for Shirl but too fast for Vernita. But finally it was Saturday evening. Vernita had prepared shrimp linguine and opened a nice bottle of chilled chardonnay. She drank about a third of the bottle while making dinner and was feeling a little tipsy when Derrick came up behind her in the kitchen and wrapped his arms around her from behind. He began kissing her neck and fondling her breasts saying "Why do we have to have Shirl around tonight? I was planning on some serious lovemaking tonight."

His actions were making her hot too and she almost slipped up. But she held her tongue and just said "Honey, I promised Shirl we would have her over sometime. Tonight is the night. Don't worry. I am sure you will enjoy the night. Now go get the door. I think that is Shirl now."

Reluctantly, he let her go and went out to greet their guest. But when he opened the door, he was stunned by how good she looked. She had on a short skirt that accented her legs and showed her ass off as the wonder it was. But the best thing was her blouse. It was skin tight and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. It plunged down to her cleavage, leaving little to the imagination. In fact, now that he thought of it, her skirt was also tight and he bet she didn't have any panties on. 

He stammered "Uh, come on in Shirl." 

Grinning at his obvious discomfort, she sashayed in, swinging her tight little ass as she walked. At that moment, Vernita came in the room and noticed him practically drooling at her. Then she looked at Shirl, I mean really looked at her for the first time in years. She had not realized just how sexy her friend was. Perhaps this wouldn't be so bad after all. But first, she needed to get Derrick's chin off the floor. 

"Honey, why don't you get us some wine? I left my glass in the kitchen."

As Derrick shook off his sexual daze, Vernita moved over toward Shirl. "Girl, you look fine tonight!"

"Well, I wanted to look good for you. But let me take a look at you. Come on, turn around."

"Mm, mm, mm, don't you look good enough to eat." 

Vernita caught the real meaning of her words and blushed so hard that it was obvious even through her honey brown skin. But strangely enough, she felt a little tingle in her pussy at the same time. 

At that moment, Derrick brought their glasses of wine. Vernita gulped hers down as she tried to hide her embarrassment. 

"Honey, don't drink that too fast. We have all night."

Knowing that he really meant that he really wanted her sober enough for some lovemaking after Shirl had left, she just handed him her glass for a refill. He would not have to wait that long to claim his prize and she needed the liquid courage for what would come after dinner. 

She took Shirl by the hand and led her into the kitchen to help her get the food. Then they sat down. The table was cozy and Vernita sat between the two. They chatted away and soon Vernita felt a hand on her leg. Thinking it was Derrick she just enjoyed the sensations as fingers lightly brushed her skin before beginning to play lightly with her pussy. She was getting wetter and wetter with the touching. He had never touched her that way before; his touch was always great but a little more forceful. This new touch was very nice. But then she realized that she could see both of his hands. 

She gasped but did not remove Shirl's hand. Derrick didn't notice her gasp and just continued telling his story about something that happened recently at work. Vernita was having a hard time listening to him and covered her growing arousal with a large sip of wine. But he sensed that she was getting hot and was frustrated that Shirl was there so they couldn't make love right then and there. He wanted her so much. 

Instead, he suggested that the girls go into the living room. He would clean up. It was that or sit there frustrated with Shirl. So the girls went into the living room and sat on the couch side by side. It was not long before Shirl's hand was playing with Vernita's pussy again. Before Vernita knew it, Shirl was kissing her on the lips. It was strange kissing a woman but very pleasant. So different from kissing a man. She grew more and more aroused as Shirl's hands began to wander over her body. Before long, Shirl was unbuttoning Vernita's blouse with one hand while playing with her pussy with the other. 

Between the wine and the sensations, Vernita was lost in a world of sexual arousal. She did not hear Derrick come into the room. He stopped dead at the sight that greeted him. He could not believe what he was seeing. His cock grew hard so fast it almost hurt from the blood pumping into it at warp speed. He began to rub it as he watched Shirl take Vernita's blouse off. Then she removed her bra and began to suckle at those magnificent nipples. He had dreamed of seeing this for years but never, ever expected to actually see it. 

Shirl was aware of his presence, in fact had counted on him walking in on them. She looked up at him as she was sucking on one nipple. She took the other breast in her hand and held it up as though offering it to him, which she was. He walked over as in a daze and sat on the couch on the other side of Vernita. She was so lost in a sexual haze she was not aware of his presence. But she became gradually aware of another mouth on her breasts. The feeling of two mouths sucking on her breasts was so intense that her pussy began to leak, making a puddle once again on the couch. But what brought her to climax was when she realized that two hands were playing with her pussy. One was gently rubbing her clit and the other was pumping three fingers hard in and out of her pussy. 

She moaned and then screamed as an orgasm washed over her. But it was not just one orgasm; it was a series of them, leaving her numb and only partially aware. She felt hands removing the rest of her clothes and then someone picking her up. The next thing she was aware of was the feel of the bed under her naked body. Then her thighs were being gently pried apart, something she willingly complied with. 

She looked around through eyes barely open. She saw both Derrick and Shirl hurriedly undressing. They were not looking at each other; instead their gazes were fixed on her as she lay there open and waiting for whatever they wanted to do. Soon she became aware that Derrick was kissing her deeply. His tongue snaked into her mouth, playing with her tongue before licking her lips. Then he began to kiss her face before moving down to kiss her neck, leaving a trail of kisses as his mouth once again sought out her breasts. 

She thought it was his tongue that was probing her pussy before her sex befuddled brain realized that his mouth was busy at her breasts. She reached her hands down to feel the top of Shirl's head as it was buried in her pussy. She pulled her head into her crotch, wanting Shirl's tongue as deep as possible in her pussy. Then she did something she never thought possible, she came from another woman's ministrations. She felt so incredible that she knew this would be the most intense sexual experience of her life. 

But then she felt the mouth leave her pussy. She was mildly disappointed until she realized that Derrick's cock was sliding into her wet, hot pussy. It felt so good to be filled with his manhood. He continued to thrust in and out of her, making her cum and cum and cum. But then she felt something covering her face. Opening her eyes, she realized it was Shirl's pussy. Then she performed another first, she opened her mouth and licked that waiting pussy. She was surprised at how good it tasted. She had tasted her own juices and they were not as sweet as what she tasted tonight. So she began to lick and suck in earnest. She sucked Shirl's clit into her mouth and began to nibble on it. 

Derrick was treated to the most incredible vision as he fucked his love. The sight of her licking another woman. It was too much for him. He shot his load up inside her pussy. This caused Vernita to cum once again. Her screams of passion were muffled by the pussy covering her mouth. The vibrations from her friends screams were too much for Shirl and she came explosively. Her juices gushed from her pussy and covered Vernita's face. As this was happening, Derrick collapsed in exhaustion on top of Vernita. His collapse was soon followed by Shirl's and they formed a mound of sexually sated, sweaty bodies. 

But soon, Derrick has enough presence of mind to push himself and Shirl off of Vernita. They lay there together for a while before both Shirl and Derrick slid up to begin licking the juices off of Vernita's face. It was strange having them both lick her face but it was incredibly erotic at the same time. Soon she was sharing kisses with both of them. Sometimes one at a time and sometimes as a threesome. 

But then Shirl slid down to feast on her pussy again. For the first time she tasted a man's sperm as Derrick's cum was still leaking out from where he had deposited it. The taste almost put her off, but she had waited too long for a chance at this gorgeous pussy and would not let anything get in the way of one more taste. Derrick was still kissing Vernita and his hands were playing with her breasts. He seemed to sense that Shirl was not for him that evening but that was fine with him. He had the woman he loved and that was all he ever wanted. 
