 Having just returned from her trip to the Dominican, Veronica did a self evaluation of her life. Was she happy? Was she fulfilled in her career and social life? Were her eyes opened to new experiences while on her trip? The last question was a definite yes! As to her others, she needed more time.

It wasn't long after her return she was single again and enjoying the freedom that being single brought. While it did have it's pitfalls, the ability to just go wherever she wanted and do whatever she wanted was liberating. 

She sat on her front porch one day enjoying the warm sunny weather as she drank her morning cup of coffee sifting through photos on her phone. She had saved a few from her trip and wondered how the couple she met were doing. Her experience with them had remained on her mind constantly. The unbridled sex, the openness of their relationship made her wonder how they kept it together.

Her fingers sifted through her phone contacts, finding the one she was looking for. 

"Just looking at photo's from the Dominican and thinking about you two. We should do it again sometime."

She let the text sit there for several moments before she hit send. Much to her surprise the response was almost immediate. 

"Hey there sexy woman. Kaz and I were just talking about you. Call me."

Veronica sat stunned just a little as her thoughts returned to the rendezvous she had with the striking couple. Joann was almost six foot, with short cropped white hair. She reminded Veronica of a thin Amber Rose. Kaz was a little taller, salt and pepper hair, with a matching Vandyke style beard.

She thought of how they got together, how they looked, smelled, tasted. Never had she thought she could be attracted to another woman, and as a rule she wasn't. She just got caught up in the heat of the moment she reminded herself. Yet, she found herself thinking of Joann and how sexy she looked. So confident with her own body that no matter what, she was going to enjoy herself and whoever she was with.

Veronica was envious of that. She picked up her phone and hit dial.

"Hello?", answered the sultry voice of Joann.

" Hi! Joann. It's Veronica. From the Dominican?"

"Hi Veronica. I was just thinking about you"

"Really? That's amazing. So, how've you been?" 

"Horny!" 

Joann laughed as she said it. Little did Veronica know that she was lying on the bed naked while planning the next vacation. 

"How are things with you and..." 

Joann let the question trail off. Partly because she wasn't sure how Veronica would react, but mostly because she forget his name.

"Not happening. I have you to thank for that"

"Oh? Um, is that a good thing or bad?"

"Good! After we left the Dominican, he started to become needy and controlling. I don't want that. At least not from him. Especially the needy part. The controlling, well, that's something I've been wondering about"

"So. Tell me. Do you like boats?"

Joann had been looking at chartering a boat and sailing from island to island in the southern caribbean. Something she and Kaz had been talking about doing for a few years. They could have fun by themselves of course, but three is more fun.

"You mean like cruise ships, or just boats in general?"

"Like sailing ships. Not ships, but big boats. Kaz and I were thinking about chartering a small yacht in the southern caribbean and going to some of the smaller islands. We'd like to have a third or fourth person to come with"

"I might like that. When are you thinking?"

"Early December. Before the Christmas rush and after the hurricane season. C'mon. It'll be fun. I promise"

Veronica could just feel the sexy seduction oozing from the phone. She knew she was going, she just hadn't said yes yet. She was picturing the tall woman with very short blond hair in her mind. The seductive way she She remembered how she smelled. How she tasted. She thought about Kaz and his dark hair and tanned body. He was every bit the seducer Joann was, probably more and Veronica thought about his hard cock inside her. She became flushed.

"Ronnie? You still there?"

"Oh. Um, yes. And Yes! I'm in!"

"Great. I'll tell Kaz. He might have a friend come along. Would that be okay? I can tell you he's gorgeous. And well hung too."

"Okay, okay! You don't need to sell me anymore. I'm in. Send me the details."

They exchanged email addresses and ended the call. Veronica was horny after speaking with Joann and decided she needed a release. She went to her bathroom, turned on the faucet for the tub and drew a hot bath. While the tub filled up, she grabbed her favorite vibrator and had two fantastic orgasms. Afterwards she soaked for an half hour.

The weeks flew by and the time care to fly to the Caribbean where she met Joann and Kaz. To her disappointment, there was not a fourth meeting her.

"Hi guys!" she greeting them each with a hug. Joann, held on just a little longer than Kaz did. 

"Hi. Let's grab your bags and we can get this party started." said Kaz as he walked through the small terminal towards the baggage claim area. Veronica held up a large carry on and told Joann that was all she brought, thinking she probably didn't need much more than a few bathing suits and pull overs.

"Kaz! C'mon. Ronnie's got her bag right here." shouted Joann. The women walked arm in arm and talked like age old friends. The drive from the airport to the hotel where they were staying for a couple of nights was short. 

It was a cute little complex of buildings, each building having two units. Each unit having one gigantic king size bed that sat up off the floor high enough that a shorter person would have to use the step stool to climb into bed. As Veronica was just tall enough, she could sit her butt on the bead and swing her legs up.

There was a casual restaurant on the premise that served whatever the cook caught from the see earlier that day. Today, he just happened to catch a few lobsters. At dinner that evening, Joann and Veronica talked, laughed and generally caught up on events since their first meeting months before in the Dominican Republic.

As the reminisced, she felt a familiar sensation course through her body. Joann simply placed her had on top of Veronica's and her panties became moist. Without saying another word the two women stood up and walked away from the table. Kaz waiting for the waiter to pay the tab and soon followed.

Once behind closed doors, Veronica and Joann embraced in a passionate kiss. Just like they had before in the Dominican. She forgot how much she liked it. Something about this woman made Veronica forget all her inhibitions and she felt herself let go and give in to her carnal desires. The two women spent the rest of the evening exploring each others bodies and bringing each other to multiple orgasms before Kaz joined in. They all slept in the huge bed that night.

The next morning the two women went shopping at the local market. Veronica got her hair braided and bought a new pair of sandals and a hat. Joann found a skimpy bathing suit and some new sunglasses. When they returned, they met Kaz.

"Everything's set. The boat is available today. Let's go sailing!" 

They each checked out of their rooms, uncaring they had another night at the hotel. At the marina, Kaz led them to the boat they would be using for the next seven days. Mystic Moon was the name painted on the stern of the fifty-seven foot catamaran. Built by Mystic Yachts in Southampton, UK, she was designed for providing performance, comfort and reliability.

An ocean cruiser designed to sail and cross seas while accommodating up to 8 guests in comfort and style, the 3 Double and I twin cabins, each had ensuite facilities. She was set up for shorthanded sailing if required and a very 'sea kindly' vessel whilst underway. 

Her saloon was exceptionally spacious and luminous with seven and one half feet of headroom under the pilot house and all round visibility via the wrap around toughened glass windows. A generous galley and aft main stateroom made her truly a pleasure to be aboard.

Somewhat in awe of the vessel before her, Veronica didn't notice the two men and one woman already on board, not until she almost fell over and into the arms of a man a few years younger than herself. 

His dark hair and ocean blue eyes captivated her. His strong physique kept her from falling with ease.

"I'm sorry. How clumsy of me." she said to him.

"Don't worry about it. I'm just glad you didn't fall and damage such a pretty face." 

Veronica smiled knowing a pickup line when she heard one, but she was enjoying the attention just the same. 

"Steve!" shouted Kaz as the old friends gave each other a firm handshake. Kaz was older by ten years, but the age difference didn't bother either of them. They had known each other for nearly twenty years and considered each other one of their closest friends.

"Glad you could make it. This is Veronica and she'll be joining us this week."

The two smiled at each other and shook hands.

"Yah. We've already met. Sort of." Steve replied.

"Cool. Captain? Looks like we're ready to shove off." Kaz said.

The foursome went through a quick safety course as required. Captain Sean and his mate, a tall, slender raven haired beauty who was later introduced as Cammie, short for Camelia, would be their chef and housekeeper. The Captain was a man in his early forties, well tanned body, scruffy facial hair and shoulder length blonde dreadlocks.

She thought that if this were a couple of hundred years earlier, he'd be exactly what a pirate would look like. Well maybe not the Captain, but some sort of scallywag. She laughed at the word. Scallywag. Veronica was already having fun and she hadn't even had a rum punch yet. Must be something about this ship she thought.

As the Captain droned on, she found herself daydreaming about life on a sailing vessel. Not the hundreds of years ago, but now. Today! Could she live on a boat? Time would tell she told herself, they hadn't even left the marina yet. 

Joann saw the dreamy look in Veronica's eyes and leaned over to her and whispered in her ear,

"Someone catch you eye?"

"What? Oh. No. Well, maybe." she said with a smile. 

Once Captain Sean had finished his required safety check, he pulled anchor and motored past all the boats in the marina and headed in a southerly direction, leaving behind the beauty of the British Virgin Islands. 

Captain Sean eventually turned the ship towards the island of Anguilla. The tiny island is home of the Moonsplash Reggae festival, or so Captain Sean was telling them. 

"A chill kind of music festival. Exclusive to a limited number of people each night. It's not going on this time of year, but it's a cool event. You should come down in April when it's going on. However, we will be topping at Crocus Bay Beach."

While he was talking, Cammie came out with her version of a Hurricane. One part Light rum, Lemon juice, Half part Over proofed rum, Passion fruit syrup, One part Dark rum. 

"Shaken, not stirred." she said laughing as she poured everyone a drink. 

They all relaxed on the deck of the spacious ship. The tradewinds blowing, the sun shining, and Raggae music over the speakers put the group in a festive mood. It didn't take long for Joann, to strip down to the new bikini she had purchased. The top was a knit fabric, spaghetti string with matching bottoms. 

Veronica wasn't as tall as Joann's six feet, but she was still tall for a woman. Her long torso made it hard to find a nice one piece bathing suit, so she too wore a bikini. Bright notice me red top that barely covered her ample breasts, the bottoms featuring black trim, and just enough material to be slightly more than a thong. 

Steve and Kaz wore tropical print trunks, not that either gave much thought to fashion. They were in the wheelhouse with Captain Sean and the girls were sunbathing on the deck. 

The ship sailed over calm Caribbean waters with ease and before long, Veronica fell asleep and dreamt. In her dream, the man with the ocean blue eyes laid down beside her, kissed her passionately, caressed her shoulders, trailing his hands down her body, his lips following his hands. 

His touch gave her body a warm, comfortable, and familiar sensation. She could hardly wait for him to remove her clothes. He scooped her off her feet and carried her to his bedroom and gently laid her on his bed. While she lay there, he took off his shirt and was about to remove his shorts.

"Ronnie? You sleeping?" asked Joann. 

"Who's asking?" came back the reply.

"The boys want to make a quick stop and do some diving. I guess Captain Sean knows a spot that's perfect. You in?"

"Scuba diving? I don't know how." 

"Well, we can teach you or maybe you'd just like to snorkel?" 

"Are there sharks?" 

"Probably!" chimed in Kaz. "But you're both much to pretty for a shark."

"So says one of the biggest sharks around here." Joann quipped.

"I think I'll stay on the boat if that's okay?"

"No worries sweetie."

Joann went into the main cabin and grabbed some fins, a mask and regulator and a tank with a dive belt. She strapped a diving knife to her ankle and jumped in the water feet first, holding onto her mask. Steve and Kaz followed behind her. Captain Steve was the last one in.

"Don't you dive?" Veronica asked Cammie.

"I have, but I wanted to get started on preparing lunch for everyone."

"Oh. Do you need help?"

"No. Not really, but thank you. Did you want another Hurricane?" Cammie asked.

"Yes! Please. Those are delicious."

Cammie handed Veronica another drink and went about prepping a charcuterie of meats and cheeses to pair with them. After a short time she joined Veronica on the bow.

"They'll be down for a little while. I'm going to get some sun. Hope you don't mind, but I bath in the nude."

"No. I don't mind." Veronica said.

She couldn't help buy notice the voluptuous figure of Cammie. Her raven hair was long, well past her shoulders. Her breasts, while not large, were still impressive. Her waist slim and her butt was nearly perfect. Veronica guessed her to be mid-late twenties.

"How long have you and Captain Sean worked together?"

"About five years. Thats when I moved to BVI. He had already been there for a couple of years. Dad was rich and left us a sizable amount of money. Sean bought this boat and we've worked together ever since."

"How nice. Wait! Did you say Dad? Captain Sean is your brother?" 

"Step brother. His Mom married my Dad. We've been lovers ever since."

Veronica's head was about to turn completely around. She assumed they were lovers, but never expected them to be step brother and sister.

"Wow. That's incredible."

"We're not exclusive. He does what he wants and I do what I want. I'm into all things sexually." Cammie added.

The two women laid on the lounge chairs that were set out. Cammie closed her eyes and didn't say another word. Veronica tried to go back to sleep and finish up her dream, but sleep didn't come. Instead her mind couldn't help but think about Cammie's cavalier attitude towards her step brother and sex in general.

Veronica didn't have any brothers, but even if she had a step brother she didn't she she could have sex with him. But then again, Captain Sean did have a certain charisma about him.

She rolled onto her side and looked at Cammie's naked body. While not afraid of sex with a woman, she and Joann had already been together, she did prefer the male body. The rugged muscles, the scruffy beards, the confident, even cocky attitudes. But mostly, she loved their cocks. 

They way they felt inside her, the way they made her feel and knowing that a man can't fake an orgasm like a woman can. She loved to make a man cum. Maybe more than she loved to cum herself. 

Lost in that thought, she lay back down and closed her eyes. Before long, she was dreaming again, this time, she had a firm cock in her hand, stroking and sucking on it. She looked up but couldn't see the face the cock belonged too. It didn't matter, she wanted nothing more than to make this cock cum. She stroked it, licked it, took it in her mouth as deeply as she could.

She continued until the massive member exploded it's cum high into the air. She awoke to a wet pussy. Cammie still lying naked on her lounge chair, Veronica slipped into her cabin and rubbed her clit. She wasn't surprised at how wet she was after that dream, and she came quickly. Her hands and fingers holding her pussy as she pressed herself against her hand and wildly bounced her hips until she came again.

Catching her breath, she put her suit back on and returned to the bow of the ship. Cammie was up and walking about, having put her own suit back on, she gave Veronica a smile, but said nothing.

One by one, the divers returned. Joann was first, followed by Captain Sean and then Kaz and Steve. As Captain Sean stored their gear, the other three talked about what they had seen and shared with Veronica about what she missed out on. She simply smiled and thought about the dream she had instead. 

Before long, the magnificent ship hoisted anchor and continued it's trek across the sea to their destination. As they approached the island, each person took out their phones and started taking photo after photo. Selfies, group shots, couples, anything and everything was photographed. 

Pulling into the harbor, the ship dropped anchor offshore and Captain Sean lowered the dingy to transport everyone to shore for some quality beach time. They found themselves in front of DaVida's Restaurant. The excellent wait staff served them drinks while they lounged. They drank and laughed, and even though Veronica was the outsider of the small group, they made her feel like she was a old friend.

Eventually, Kaz and Joann rented some stand up paddle boards and paddled around the calm bay waters, leaving Veronica and Steve to continue to get acquainted. 

"Are you glad you came?" he asked her.

"Yes."

"Have you known them very long?" 

"No. Not really. We met while I was vacationing in the Dominican last year." 

"Well, I'm glad your here. Steve is a very old friend, almost like a big brother. But! He's also like a big brother, if you know what I mean."

"I don't have any brothers, and I'm the oldest of my sisters." She laughed as she said it seeing Steve's reaction to being the older sibling.

She felt comfortable with him. She didn't know why, probably the alcohol she thought, but she didn't care. She's old enough to take care of herself and had enough experience with men to know how to shut them down if she needed too. She didn't think she needed too though.

"Ah. The eldest of the clan. I should be careful of what I say then."

"Yah, better watch out. We tend to look down at you young'ins." her Alabama accent accentuating the word young'ins.

"Another drink miss?" the waiter from DaVida's asked politely. 

"Yes. Please." 

"Sir? Another drink?" 

"Not if I want to keep my composure. If I have another drink, who knows what I'll say to the pretty lady." he nodded in Veronica's direction as he spoke.

She had just enough alcohol in her to remove her inhibitions. She looked at the waiter and said,

"He'll have another drink so I'm not drinking alone. Besides, I'm trying to get him drunk so I can take advantage of him later." 

With no surprise showing on the waiters face, he simply smiled and replied,

"Very good miss. Sir?" he turned his attention to Steve once more.

"You heard the lady. I guess I'm having another drink please."

"Very good sir. The same?"

"Yes please."

Veronica took notice of the polite way Steve interacted with their waiter. Not only was he attractive, he had charisma and was polite. She thought about her dream from earlier in the day and hoped he'd prove to be as good in person as she imagined he was in her dream.
