 Veronica’s Thong

Another beautiful Monday morning and it was time to go shopping for more lingerie, and another new thong for the beach. My wife Veronica showered, putting on a light white summer dress. Her skin shone through as the sun crossed her path giving a silhouette of naked skin beneath the dress, a remarkable sight, heads turned as we walked arm in arm along the main drag of the city, as she walked into the different shops along the way I could hear the audible sound of her duo-balls clicking together as she walked, and her sigh when she stopped as the duo-balls would do a little double-dance to the steel ball inside them.

We walked around a few shops until we found a rather nice looking lingerie shop and walked in to look. After approximately 10 minutes of browsing at the latest fashions, the store manager walked over and asked if he could help. He was a young man with a deep tan & looked very fit. I introduced Veronica & myself to the young man, (Rob) telling him what we were looking for, he replied that the stock were looking for was in the back room, would we follow him, Veronica said yes & off we went following.

We walked into a larger air-conditioned room that had row after row of lingerie; there was a larger selection than in the front of the shop. I asked him why all his good stuff was here, he answered that the front shop was the cheaper range, for the cheaper people, those with more expensive tastes asked as we had, only to be shown this inner sanctum, it offered a more delicate range, or should I say a larger variety of quality garments along with everything from a selection of whips, chains, shackles, Row upon row of huge dildo’s, vibrators, butt plugs. Blow up dolls, Hand fuckers (Rubber pussies), and penis pumps for the men. CD’s, DVD porn racks, all great quality movies from Whore fucking, Anal penetration, Cum shots, Gang Bangers with a few interracial movies. There were store dummy’s all dressed up in Sexy uniforms, latex Nurse, police officer, maid, schoolgirl, secretary with every known fetish clothing in that room. One store dummy that stood out was a male reclining on his back, resting on his elbows with a massive erection. Wow this was heaven, Veronica was visibly excited, looking at me as if she had walked into a candy store.

Rob walked a few rows ahead of us, then stopped, picking something from the rack saying this would be perfect for the beach, he held a what looked like a piece of Yellow string, asking Veronica if she would you like to try it on, as we came closer we could see that it was a little yellow thong with nothing but string, Veronica’s eyes lit up; she grabbed them kicking her high heels off to start stepping into them. Rob’s eyes nearly jumped out of his head, thinking that she would have gone to a changing room to try this piece of string on, instead of standing in front of him trying to pull this thong on.

I stood a few feet away looking at the Dildo selection thinking that the big black dong would suit nicely rammed into her soft moist pussy. While a few feet away Veronica was trying to step into this piece of yellow string, she fumbled again and Rob went to help, looking at me as if to say, may I help her, I nodded at Rob and went back to looking at the selection of Dildo’s.      

Veronica held the thong this way and that way trying to work out how the put it on, until Rob slowly took them saying try this way, holding the thong out as you would for a lady to step into. Rob nearly died when Veronica lifted her dress and angled her foot up to step onto the side he had presented. Rob had a noticeable bulge in his pants by then and it became more prominent as he realised that Veronica wasn’t wearing anything under the dress. She stepped into the first leg of the thong. Rob let out a sigh as his hand brushed her thigh. He then opened the other leg for her to put her right foot and leg in, standing a few meters away you good see him praying to the pussy gods that he would see more of her mound.

Rob helped Veronica step into the right leg, then took a step back as she pulled them up into the normal position; though the thong didn’t fit. Veronica just stood there not moving; Rob didn’t know what to do until Veronica suggested he help her pull them up as she hadn’t worn this brand before. Rob looked at me as if to say please let me help her. Again I nodded yes continuing to find better Vibrators, dongs and another pair of duo-balls that were larger, each holding two steel balls instead on one.

Rob was in it in flash helping to pull the thong up as Veronica spread her legs and lifted her dress higher, Rob was presented with a clean shaven pussy and those   pouting pussy lips. Veronica was still unsure as to where the front three strings went asking Rob to show her, he leaped at the chance, as he pulled them up into position he deftly moved one elastic string to the left side of her flange the second string slipped into her mound disappearing and the third string went on the right hand side of Veronica’s flange. Veronica turned showing me this amazing sight of two swollen lips.  Nice bit of gear there mate, I said to Rob. As he stood there with a bloody big grin.

Veronica whipped of her dress and started to walk around this inner shop, her nipples standing proud. Others in the shop looked on admiringly, lustfully.  Veronica’s looked sensational with her CFM shoes, her pert tits and thonged stretched pussy, those pussy lips seemed to grow larger or maybe it was just that the middle string had completely disappeared into her now proud mound.  Poor young Rob was all eyes as she asked if he had a mirror, Rob took her to a corner of the shop where the dressing rooms were located, and opened a door, Veronica stood outside the door looking at her self in the mirror, sideways, front and back and was very happy with what she was wearing. Veronica strode back to me to get the final approval; then decided to walk around the shop one more time just to watch everyone’s reaction to her. 

She walked back to Rob and grabbed him by the shoulders, came in close to his face asking if she could   borrow the reclining dummy, Rob nodded, not knowing what she wanted with the dummy, but soon realised as she walked over and stood astride the reclining dummy as she started to lower herself onto the massive erection, she called Rob over, placing her duo-balls into his hand. I noticed Rob glance around the store and take a quick lick of one of the ball, and then he did the same with the other ball, this time savouring the taste of pure sex.

Veronica had lowered herself onto the huge store dummies erection, slowly moving up down up down as she became used to it’s inflexibility, she lets out a moan sliding onto the full length pressing her hands onto this dummies chest for leverage.

Rob had lost all thought of me by now and his bulging pants had taken over his brain, he walked over to Veronica listening to her soft moans and unzipped himself and pulled out one of the biggest cocks I have seen, Veronica’s eyes lit up like a Lighthouse beacon, immediately grabbing his massive cock wrenching it towards her mouth.  This I had to see so I moved in closer only to find 4 other men had taken positions closer to watch the action, their wife’s-girlfriends-lovers shocked by the sight but somehow overtaken by the lust in themselves. As I neared Veronica, I could hear lust in the others voice as they spoke softly to each other, all complete strangers who had been thrust into instant friendship while watching Veronica ride the dummies erection. As I look back up to Veronica there she was with Robs huge cock half way down her throat, giving Rob what looked like the best head job he had ever received. 

One of the other men broke free from his wife, walked straight over and lifted her off the store dummy, Veronica bent to take Robs cock fully into her mouth while the married man  instantly expertly inserted his penis into her wet Cunt, there was no going slow for this man, he pushed with all his might entering her from behind in one forceful thrust, Veronica let out such a moan of delight it could have been heard out side this inner sanctum, all around this visual explosion of lust could see Robs cock was starting to explode into Veronica hungry mouth, Rob pulled out and just started to spurt hot cum into Veronicas mouth, not a drop was wasted, every single glob of cum entered her mouth, and she swallowed it all with moans of delight, and the last glob of cum had been sucked off Rob’s cock and swallowed, she looked up at him smiling a lustful smile.

The married man was spent, he had forced his way in and pumped his load deep inside her, one of the girlfriends has stripped off and was licking sucking the oozing cum from her hungry twat, another man was standing in front of her asking her to lay down, as Veronica did so, as she stripped with flair by another of the onlookers with a fair sized erection in his hand, I cannot tell if his wife – girlfriends- lover was complaining or just sighing at the site of this man about to enter my wife wet pussy, Veronica let out a yep of desire and pleasure as the next male entered her Cunt with ease thrusting softly, the floor was cold bare concrete and Veronica expertly turned over and was atop the male never losing his erection from deep within her.

Rob’s massive cock was still in Veronica’s hand, it had reanimated it self, looking twice the size, She guided him around to the back entrance and pulled him closer, Rob didn’t need any words to know where to put his cock and started to shove it up her tight bum, The male on the concrete was in heaven, he could not feel the coldness of the floor not could he hear the sighs of his wife – girlfriend – lover as he rammed, bucked and fucked her glorious pussy. Rob had sunk his massive cock deep within her and was just out of synch with the male below causing massive waves of pleasure for Veronica, the girlfriend who had licked her twat clean was now kissing Veronica in a deeply passionate way, both moaning with pleasure. 

The other two men looked, while stroking their cocks as they watched this amazing scene, Slowly walked over leaving their partners standing still mouths agape, not truly understanding what was happening, The men approached Veronica thrusting their cocks at her, the girl stood up, backing away to watch as Veronica was being reamed hard from behind by both Rob an the other male. Veronica started to pull both the two new members sucking one by one taking theirs cocks fully into her slutty mouth, Rob yelled he was about to cum as Veronica climaxed so hard her back arched into the most unusual position, Thus allowing the male of the bottom full penetration, his eyes were bulging, his ball sack had tightened into a small blue sack, he let go of every thing he had at the same time as Rob did, both filling her fantastically tight twat and arse with loads after load of hot cum, she squealed with pleasure as each thrust she could feel more cum being shot deep inside her, at the same time the men she was sucking off let go and both in turn filled her mouth with their jism, Veronica drank greedily, so as not to waste a drop of their precious fluids, buggered, spent, drained each man let veronica suck the last drops of cum from their now spent cocks. The girl reappeared slipping behind Veronica, bending low to suck lick drink the spent cum now dripping from her gapping holes. It was my turn lowered myself behind the girl softly fingering her arsehole before pushing my manhood deep inside her, The men stood and watched as Veronica smiled and started to climax again with the soft sucking of her holes, while I pounded the girl from behind, dear god another female had left her husband; bent down to lick my balls as I started to cum in this unfamiliar Cunt. I could feel the lady behind move deftly to catch my sperm as it started to drip from the warm moist Cunt I was fucking.

As I stood up, the wife followed me to suck drain clean my cock before going back to finish the girl who was still eating Veronica. Veronica looked around with a big grin on her face; all the men were spent and had started to re-dress. Slowly the wife, the girlfriend stood up and as Veronica stood up the men applauded, came over kissing her softly saying thanks, they started to depart. Veronica put her white summer dress back on, going over to Rob, grabbing his still expose cock again, whispered a thankyou, started towards to door looking back smiling she said see you next weekend.   Holding my hand we walked through from the inner sanctum into the shop and out into the bright sunny day.