 That evening he went to Muthusamy’s house as usual. Sitting under the neem tree in front of the house, Muthusamy and Ramu talked about this and that, while Ponni went about doing her housework, giving sly looks at Ramu once in a while. As dusk set in, Ramu excused himself, and went home. Ponni was waiting for him just outside the gate by the hedge. Pretending to walk past him, she whispered, “Come to night after 10.00. I will leave the back door unlocked,” and went into the house.

Ramu was amazed at the courage of this woman. He sensed danger, but was tempted to go to her that night. He had many doubts, but her sexual attraction was overwhelming. So it was that Ramu, after a good bath and wearing a fresh dhoti and shirt was at the backyard of Muthusamy’s house at 10.00 sharp. He listened and waited. There was no sound within, but the door was half open. There was a faint light from an oil lamp coming out.

“Come in Ramu anna,” he heard Ponni whispering. She appeared from within and led him inside, to a second room where there was a mattress with two pillows, spread out. Ramu asked her about Muthusamy. 

“He sleeps early, and when he is asleep, not even an earthquake will wake him up. But still we must be quiet” she warned.

She brought the oil lamp into the room and silently closed the door. She approached Ramu who was standing in the room and hugged him. 

“This morning I really enjoyed it although we did it in a hurry. Now I want to enjoy you again slowly.” 

Ramu nodded in agreement, “ I too want to taste you fully. This morning I was full of lust only.” He held her closely and rubbed her back. He kissed her on the lips as he unhooked her blouse. He removed her bra and then proceeded to remove her saree. She let him. He untied the strings holding her inner skirt and let it drop to the floor. She was totally naked now. He took a step back and admired her beauty. Though she was large by nature, she had a firm and well-structured body. Her breasts were large. They hung with a dignity, but did not sag. He turned her round slowly and admired her large buttocks and her fleshy and well formed thighs. 

“You are really beautiful,” he told her softly. He pulled her to him and hugged her tightly. By this time his prick was hard and was poking her in the groin. She rubbed her groin against it, enjoying the pleasant sensation.

“Now let me,” she said and removed Ramu’s shirt. Rubbing his hairy chest, she yanked his dhoti away making him equally naked. As she hugged him, she could feel his erect hard prick against her lower abdomen. She continued rubbing her body against it. She felt its warmth penetrating into her abdomen. She then slowly kneeled before him. His long hard tool was only inches from her face. She took it with both hands and peeled his foreskin to expose the rounded reddish bulb. Kissing it lightly, “What a lovely organ you have! So strong and hard! Look at him jumping! Oh! How I have longed for one like this! This is god sent!” she mumbled. She rolled Ramu’s tool in her palms and squeezed them firmly but gently, feeling its’ hardness and warmth. She rubbed her cheek against the erect prick and kissed it lightly again. Ponni saw his large balls hanging between his thighs. She took them both in her hands and weighed them. 

“What lovely areca nuts you have! They are big and full. I have to empty them soon,” she said jokingly. She licked them and then sucked Ramu’s one hairy ball after another. She was so gentle with her sucking that Ramu was tingling all over his buttocks. From his balls she then went to his cock. Holding the tip of his prick wither fingers, she ran her tongue along the length of the shaft. She slowly stood up. 

Ramu touched her breasts, with none of the urgency of that morning. He felt them to appreciate their form and firmness. He took one breast in each hand and weighed them. Her sexual excitement had made then firmer. Her nipples were erect. He bent to suck them, but Ponni stopped him. She lay down on the mattress and beckoned him to suck them now. With both her hands Ponni pushed her breasts from the sides. Ramu cupped them with his hands and began to massage them. They grew harder under his touch. He started to suck them alternatively, taking as much as possible of them in his mouth. He licked and sucked them as Ponni pressed them with her hands. Her ecstasy was slowly building up. She crossed her thighs and started rubbing them together. Noticing this Ramu brought his hand to her cunt. He twirled the luxuriant growth of her pubic hair with his fingers. He slid his fingers gently into slit. He rubbed her lips which were by now wet with her juices. He found her seat of love, that hard sensitive piece of flesh guarding her dark cave of lust. Catching the clit between his thumb and index finger, he pressed them to the joy of Ponni. She began to mutter sweet nothings. She pulled his face and kissed him, forcing her tongue between his teeth and tasting his sweet saliva. Ramu sucked at her tongue and then her lips. His finger then entered her cunt. Oh! That warm wet and slippery feeling! He tickled her cunt hole. She gripped his hand with her thighs and wriggled her hips. She moved her hips up and down. 

Ramu turned, spread her thighs with his hands and examined her cunt closely. He spread her cut lips to see the reddish flesh within. He inhaled deeply the musky aroma that came from within. He licked her clit, took the rubbery piece of flesh into his mouth and sucked it. Ponni spread her fat thighs wider to allow him to proceed. Ramu now climbed on top of her now and began to lick her cunt with real earnest. Spreading her cunt lips wide apart, he thrust his tongue deep into her love hole and began to taste her juice from the source. 

Ponni now took his long prick in her mouth and began sucking it. Catching hold of his buttocks with both her hands she raised and lowered her head letting his cock slide in her mouth. She tried to swallow the whole length, but simply could not. Her salivating mouth was making loud slurping noises. She rolled Ramu over and came up. She pressed her cunt to his mouth to make it easier for him to explore with his tongue. With his cock in her mouth, she sucked it like a child sucking on a lollipop. 

Ramu continued exploring her cunt. With her hairy mould parted to reveal the fleshy interior, he caught one lip and sucked hard. Then he shifted to the other lip. Both the lips became swollen and sensitive. Ponni was bucking hard and nearing her climax. She let out a loud groan and slammed her cunt on Ramu’s face and shivered. Ramu could feel her sweet juice flowing in large quantities. Like a hungry dog, he lapped her cunt of all that she secreted and soon made it dry. She rolled over and flopped by his side.

“That was the best cunt lick I ever got,” she said stroking his cheeks. 

“And your cunt juice was the sweetest I have tasted,” Ramu said.

Although Ramu had not shot his juice, their relaxation had made his penis semi hard. Ponni teased it slowly back to life. Soon it was hard again. Ponni squatted on his prick, holding it with one hand slowly lowered herself on it. She bent and watched it being swallowed by her cunt. She could feel it knocking against her womb, sending electric shocks throughout her body. Planting both her hands on his abdomen she raised and lowered her pelvis, gently till her cunt was moving smoothly. Ramu reached out to her breasts and began to knead them nicely. Ponni increased her speed. She rammed herself hard on Ramu’s long thick rod. The thick cock filling her tight cunt was a heavenly sensation. Exhaustion soon set in. She panted and fell on Ramu. Ramu made her kneel on all fours. He then kneeled behind her and entered her cunt from behind. Ramu kneaded her buttocks well as he fucked her. For each thrust of his cock Ponni let out a little grunt. He increased the speed and vigour of his thrusts. He was on the verge of shooting his juice. He sensed Ponni too was nearing her climax by the way she was wriggling her backside. Faster and faster he fucked her till, reaching his climax he shot spurt after spurt of his juice into her cunt. Ponni just fell forwards on the mattress with Ramu on her back.