 Chapter 1

Moving In

Vicki - the most recent of my 'adventures' and in many ways the most memorable of them all. She only left the flats a few days ago and I admit that I'm already missing her special brand of love-making. No - let's be honest, with Vicki it was sex!!!  

Probably the most sexually aware - and adventurous - woman I have ever met.

Vicki could see and find sexual connotations in just about everything and every situation. She thought about it more than most women that I have known too. Kept herself available for it and didn't simply look forward to it - Vicki planned for it!

I don't know whether it was this obsession with it that caused her particular, sexual preferences or whether it was the other way round - not that it mattered - whatever their cause, her preferences were certainly different!

She moved in, initially on her own, about six months ago and I just happened to meet her the day she arrived. I had been having a brief and fairly casual fling with the two nurses who had previously lived in the flat and was actually helping them to move the last of their things out, when Vicki turned up with some of hers. Her furniture was coming in a couple of days but she had decided to bring over some of the more breakable things herself, a few ornaments, a couple of very delicate lamp-bases and other stuff like that.

The nurses, Kay and Lauren, introduced me as 'John - he lives upstairs... most of the time!' The final comment was unnecessary - but, under the circumstances a useful introduction, particularly as the inflection in her voice left no doubt as to its meaning. As it happened I was just turning to greet Vicki as Lauren spoke, so saw her unconscious reaction - her eyes dropping directly down to my crotch! As I discovered in the weeks to come, it was an almost unconscious habit of hers. 

While I helped the three of them to move - out and in, I had plenty of opportunities to study Vicki and to confirm my first impression - she was a little beauty!

Quite short, compared with Sue anyway, but built in proportion. Slim, well-shaped legs, a nicely rounded arse, a quite tiny waist and more than generous breasts. But the first thing that really struck me was her face - 'Spanish' was the word I immediately thought of when I first saw her - and given some of the hot-blooded things she was to do with me later, she may very well have been!

Long, very thick dark brown hair that she wore pinned up most of the time. Wide-set eyes that usually seemed hazel but that, as I was to find out, took on a greenish haze from time to time. And beneath them a wide, full-lipped mouth - a mouth that started all sorts of thoughts in my mind, and activity elsewhere.

The nurses furniture had already left at this stage so the flat looked strange, as all empty places do, but sensibly they had kept a box with the necessities for tea and coffee and after we had finished moving the assorted plants, lamps and bric a brac out and Vicki's few things in, we sat around on the floor having a cup together.

Kay and Lauren were both very down-to-earth sorts of women and their manner and odd comments made it all the more obvious that there had been some sort of 'arrangement' between themselves and me. So, when Sue's name came into the conversation Vicki looked across at me quizzically. 'The lady in my life Vicki, we live upstairs - together.'

'And as he works mainly at home and Sue's away a fair bit - he's handy, if you're feeling randy!' Lauren interjected with a laugh. 

'So, how does Sue feel about that John?' Vicki asked.

'We have what I suppose you would call, an unspoken agreement. I don't ask her what she does while she's away on business, she doesn't ask me what I do - we both know that the other comes first, regardless of what else we might get up to.'

She nodded and remained quietly thoughtful for some time but I felt her watching me closely for the rest of the time we were there. Weighing up my attributes - I thought, hopefully.

It was around lunch-time the following day when there was a knock on my door - it was Vicki, dressed in tight T shirt and jeans.

'I don't want you to think I'm going to be a perpetual nuisance John but, I'll be staying over in the flat tonight and all the lights seem to have blown - I don't even know where the fuse box is - can you help me please?'

'Sure - hold on just a minute while I get my gear. It happens quite a bit in this place, it's all very old wiring. Next time I'm up at the shops I'll get you a little kit, for when it happens again, in case nobody's about. It's easy to fix - I'll show you how to do it.'

The fuse box is high on a wall near the laundry and to reach it I have to stand on a rickety old chair that's kept in the laundry for just that purpose. Having got the fuse out I started to show Vicki how to go about fixing it, at the same time explaining the difference between light and power fuses.

There's not much room in that passageway and with both of us and the chair it was very cramped. I could smell her perfume and almost feel the warmth of her body. Her T shirt was sticking to her still lightly perspiring skin, making it very obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra underneath it ad as I talked I found that my eyes were drawn magnetically to the full swell of her breasts and, after a few minutes, noticed that the outline of her nipples was becoming more sharply defined. Their sharpening tips beginning to poke against the thin, damp cotton.

Was she too was getting turned-on by our closeness?

At the thought that she might be, I felt beads of sweat pop out on my face and a slowly increasing heaviness between my thighs.

'I'd better get this back in again.' I said, noticing that my hands were beginning to tremble slightly.

When I climbed back up on to the chair to replace the fuse it wobbled beneath my weight and Vicki grabbed at my legs to steady me.

'Careful, please be careful!'

The feel of her hands around my knees gave further impetus to my growing arousal and - as she looked up at me there was no way she could miss seeing the tell-tale bulge in my jeans. When she saw that the fuse was safely in place she relaxed her hold a little - but instead of completely letting go of me, slid her hands slowly up the front of my thighs.

'I like that John.' she said, 'I like to see the evidence of how a man feels about me.' She paused a moment, pushing her hands higher, one slipping round to the inside of my thigh, the other continuing on up until it pressed gently against my now rapidly thickening cock. She continued, her voice now lower, slower. 'There's nothing quite as exciting as the sight of a man's sex responding to me. His balls slowly filling, getting tighter. His cock - growing, swelling, hardening. Knowing it's me that's causing it - my body, my sexuality - that's incredibly exciting!'

It was almost as though she were talking to herself - but what her hands were doing while she was talking, was definitely to me!

Her eyes looked up into mine and I had my first glimpse of the greenish haze that, I learned later, indicated her level of sexual arousal. As our eyes remained locked, her hand curled around the now hard length of me and she squeezed and fondled it, asking. 'Would you like that too John? Would you find it exciting to have me watch you, as you get aroused?'

The increasing pressure in my jeans and the images that her words had triggered in my head made it difficult to find words to say. 'Mmm - yes! Yes, that sounds very exciting Vicki!' I managed to answer.

'I'm feeling sexy too.' she went on, almost ignoring my reply. 'Look at my breasts, you can see my nipples - they're feeling swollen and tender. They need kissing and some gentle fondling. Would you like to do that for me John?'

It had been difficult to tear my eyes away from the almost mesmerisingly sexual look in her hot eyes - but mention of her breasts reminded me of her other delights and I followed her eyes down to the firm curves that stretched tight the thin, cotton fabric. The pointed tips were more sharply outlined now and, as she continued her rhythmic squeezing of my cock and balls, they seemed to swell even as I watched, becoming still more sharply defined.

'I'd love to!' I finally answered. 'You know I would - and that would be just for starters!' I added.

She chuckled, a low gurgle really, coming from deep down in her throat. 'We'll have to see about that - maybe soon! But -' she went on, as her hands stopped their activity and slid slowly but firmly down my legs, 'this really isn't the place for it, is it?'

Though her actions now had my balls tightly full of churning semen and I ached to release it, anyhow, anywhere, I had to agree with her. Not only was I still balanced precariously on the rickety chair but at any moment someone could come through the passageway - shooting my load under those circumstances was not really my idea of excitement.

'You're right there too Vicki. Even though there are parts of me that are disagreeing, violently!'

I heard her gurgling chuckle again, then she stepped back and helped me down.

'I think I had better check that the lights in your flat are O.K. now.' I said. Lights being the furthest thing from my mind at that moment - the swollen length of me and the aching balls beneath were demanding attention and I figured that once in her flat they would get taken care of, one way or another. But her response this time was a full-throated laugh, accompanied by a wickedly knowing look.

'Don't worry John, the lights will be just fine. Now's not the time for us. Soon! Very soon, I promise you. Just let me know when your Sue is going to be out of town - we'll plan for an evening, one that we'll both remember!'

With that, she simply walked away, just leaving me standing there, my thoughts and feelings whirling.

*

Chapter 2

Coffee With Cream

As things would have it, Sue told me that very evening that she would be away for two nights, later that same week. I had a bit of trouble keeping my response to the news as casual as I normally did. But, for the rest of the evening my thoughts kept flitting to Vicki and the promise of a new 'adventure' - one that sounded as though it would be excitingly different. What was it she had said?

'There's nothing quite so exciting as the sight of a man's sex responding to me. The balls slowly filling, getting tighter. The cock, growing, swelling, hardening. Knowing it's me that's causing it - my body, my sexuality - that's incredibly exciting'

Her voice, those words and the look in her eyes as she had spoken them, haunted me all evening and when Sue and I made love later, it was Vicki's face and eyes that were in my brain, her hands on my cock and what she might have planned for the promised evening together that swamped my imagination.

As a result I was almost ferocious with Sue and brought her to a series of screaming climaxes with my seemingly inexhaustible cock. Somewhere at the back of my mind was the thought that Vicki might well hear Sue's cries of pleasure and, in perhaps some way know that it was her affect on me that Sue was getting the benefit of.

The following day I made sure that I didn't miss the arrival of Vicki and her furniture. It was easy to take her on one side while the movers grunted and sweated with one of her larger pieces - her bed, I was thrilled to see that it was an enormous one, at least Queen size, if not a King!

'Sue's away Thursday and Friday nights Vicki - don't forget your promise!'

'Will you have fully recovered by then?' she asked with a sly grin. 'After last night I mean!' she added knowingly.

I weakly grinned back at her - so she had heard us after all.

'Don't be silly - I'm ready now! If you are.'

She laughed quietly, her eyes sparkling with pleasure. 'Bragging? I hope not.' she paused momentarily. 'O.K. - let's say Thursday evening. Ring me at about seven, I'm sure you know the number, I haven't changed it. We'll take it from there.' She squeezed by hand. 'Let's see how we actually 'click'! I must admit,' she continued confidingly 'that I'm already looking forward to it - my flat-warming party, a party with just the two of us.'

Again she paused, longer this time and I thought I detected just a hint of green seeping into the corners of her bright eyes. 'Now, would you give me a hand with moving some of the smaller things, there's so much - I can't believe where it's all come from!'

How could I refuse?

I must admit that for the first time since Sue and I had been together I found time dragging, I thought Thursday would never come. My work output dropped. I found time and again that I was just sitting there, staring at a blank screen. Fingers idle, my brain only capable of conjuring up images of Vicki and, more importantly, whatever it was she was planning for us, for me!

Thursday itself was, if anything worse. Sue left early to catch her flight, the flat seemed more empty than usual and I really don't know how I whiled the day away, other than a short trip to the shops for some flowers and wine for Vicki. In the early evening I showered and shaved more carefully than usual, then tried to decide what to wear. Vicki had given me no clues as to what sort of 'party' she had in mind, other than the overtly sexual overtones - but I finally decided that, as I wanted to make a not to be forgotten impact on her - I would go fully formal.

Part of Sue's public relations work often involved attending various functions and dinners and, from time to time I was invited too. Early on it had become obvious that it would be more economical to buy a dinner suit, rather than pay hiring fees every time. Up until that time I hadn't worn one since my end of school Formal and I was pleasantly surprised at the effect it had on Sue whenever I wore it to go out together. Maybe, I thought, it would have the same kind of impact on Vicki! It was certainly not the kind of dress she would expect me to be in - so, if nothing else, I would be contributing an early 'surprise' to our evening.

I rang her promptly at seven - and she must have been sitting by the phone, waiting for the call because she answered it instantly. 'Hi John! You haven't changed your mind, I hope.'

'No way - just my underwear Vicki!' I replied, hearing her laugh spontaneously.

'That's nice to know. I'm just about ready for our 'party' - are you?'

'All dressed up and rarin' to go.'

'Well, you may not stay 'dressed-up' for too long - but I suppose it would be a bit risky coming down the stairs as I want to see you - naked I mean!'

That was a dress option I hadn't considered and the tone in her voice indicated that she wasn't being entirely flippant. I suddenly felt stupidly over-dressed - but it was too late now, all I could do was to put the thought, of being a naked caller, into a mental file, for some other time.

'So, why don't you come straight down - you'll find I have left the front door open for you.'

I didn't mention that I still had the key that the nurses had given me, just said - 'O.K. - one minute then.' And put down the phone.

I admit I still felt a bit silly - dinner-suit, flowers, wine - all just for a walk down one flight of stairs - but, 'What the hell! Let's see what she has in mind.' I thought, as I closed my door behind me.

Pushing open her door I heard music and smelled a heady perfume. I went straight through to the lounge-room and stood in the door-way.

Vicki had done wonders in just a couple of days. Kay and Lauren were eminently practical women and their flat had reflected those characteristics - no frills, no fripperies. Vicki had changed all that!

Gone was the single, bright, overhead light - replaced by a series of warm pools from carefully placed lamps, complemented that evening by candles, flickering here and there. Gone were the starkly functional settee and chairs - now a single sofa, set low and full of inviting cushions. Added, in place of coffee table eating - was a small but elegant, glass-topped table, already set with cutlery, glasses and napkins. A variety of framed prints and groups of photographs covered large areas of the previously bare walls. A small sound and TV system took up part of an otherwise book-filled wall unit opposite the sofa.

Add to that the scent from the candles, that filled the room and you will understand the immediate feeling of 'welcome' and 'at-homeness' that came over me.

But, when Vicki came in from one of the bed-rooms beyond I could have been in a cold, damp cell for all the difference the surroundings made. She was, quite literally - breathtaking!

A dark green negligee - fold upon fold of it - that contrasted spectacularly with the whiteness of her skin beneath. In the moments before its swirling movements stopped, I glimpsed, between the split that ran from high above her waist, down to the hem, the pale length of her thigh and at its very top the merest hint of minute panties, several shades lighter than the filmy stuff that covered them.

The top was cut deep and wide from her shoulders and gathered beneath her breasts, lifting their natural fullness invitingly and allowing me a clear view of their softly, swelling curves

Her make-up was as dramatic as her gown.

Green eye-shading, matching the colour of the panties I had had a fleeting glimpse of, set off with tiny sparklets, extended beyond and exaggerated even further the size and width of her eyes. Her face was left as pale as the skin below. Contrasting sharply was the dark, plum-red gloss of her lips, glistening wetly in the light from a nearby flickering candle.

I felt my cock responding almost instantly, twitching as it began to fill and lengthen, merely at the sight of her.

'God! I want you already Vicki!' I gasped. 'You're stunning!'

She smiled. 'And you look a real stud! A very elegant stud John. I like that.' she said, as her eyes took in my outfit and the flowers and wine in my hands. 'Class. Elegant class. Believe it or not,' she continued, 'I picked that about you when I first saw you. Even in just a skivvy and jeans I could see the 'man about town' - and now here he is standing in front of me.' She paused for several long moments, her eyes still roving up and down, finally saying, in an almost hoarse whisper - 'And tonight, he's mine - mine to thrill - mine to please!'

Even from my distance and in the subdued light, I thought I could detect a change in the colour of her eyes, slowly shifting to more closely match the colours of her negligee, I took a step towards her but then saw a tiny flicker of a smile playing at the corners of her mouth and she held up a hand to stop me.

'Patience John, patience! It will be worth it eventually - I promise.'

Then she moved - but with a different purpose to the one I had in mind.

'Now, let me put those lovely flowers in water. You could pour us both a drink - I'd like a vodka and tonic, lots of ice and some lemon please. You'll find a reasonable selection over there on the sideboard, behind you. Then, after a quiet drink, we'll eat dinner - O.K.?'

I nodded silently, handed her the flowers and was rewarded with a light kiss on the cheek, that gave me chance to take a quick peek down into the lush, enticing valley between her breasts. Too quickly she was gone and I found it difficult to concentrate even on the relatively simple task of pouring drinks. But I did and when she returned just a few minutes later we actually sat, sipping our drinks slowly - and talking.

What we talked about was of little consequence other than we found some things in common, others not so. After some little while, I think I had poured us each a second drink at that stage, she said. 'The idea of dressing formally is terrific John. Apart from the fact that you look absolutely great in a dinner suit, which is nice for me of course, I like the imagination it shows. I suppose imagination is vital to a writer - but to me it's even more important in a lover! Don't you think so too?'
