 I'd been having some problems with erectile dysfunction. But after a lot of nagging from my wife Kathy and an embarrassing visit to my doctor I'd been prescribed Viagra, and now Kathy and I were enjoying the pleasure of my Viagra-stoked tool doing its work at full power.

One evening our friends David and his wife Julie were with us. I'd had my eye on Julie. She was about Kathy's age, mid forties, she was quite a beauty with her dark hair always perfectly styled, and on beach days with David and Julie her swimsuit had made it obvious she'd kept a shapely figure. Before I'd started taking Viagra, thinking about Julie was something that rarely failed to give me a decent erection, even during sex with Kathy. I saw Julie chatting to Kathy in the kitchen, and I realised to my horror that I'd left my latest prescription pack of Viagra out on the kitchen work top in full view. You can imagine how embarrassed I felt!

A few days later Kathy was out with some girl friends at a concert in town and I knew she wouldn't be back till gone midnight. I'd planned to put my newly recovered ability to raise a rock hard boner to good use in an evening of porn and masturbation. I'd taken a Viagra tablet about an hour before Kathy left to allow it to have its full effect of giving me the kind of steel hard near vertical erection I used to get in my teens and twenties. As soon as Kathy was safely out of the way I was up in our bedroom on our bed, stark naked wth my erection straining hard, in my favourite masturbation position of kneeling wide legged so my muscle was pulled really tight. My laptop was on my bedside cabinet scrolling through my collection of hardcore pictures of naked women and I had a couple of porn magazines open on the bed. I'd put on one of Kathy's briefest black lace panties borrowed from the laundry basket. The sight of her tiny panties bulging over my erect cock and the feel of the soft material around my erect penis turns me on! I was gently fingering my cock to maximum stiffness and sensitivity through the thin black lace when the doorbell rang.

After uttering suitable expletives I peeped through the gap in the bedroom curtains. There on the doorstep was Julie! I hastily threw a bathrobe over me, intending to say I was just about to take a shower, and went down. I hoped Kathy's panties were constraining my rock hard erection so the bulge didn't show, as the Viagra was making sure it wasn't going down in a hurry.

I opened the door to Julie and she came in. She looked flustered, as if something was on her mind. She was wearing a tight pink top that showed every curve of her big breasts and the outline of her bra, and a grey skirt ending just at her knees. Her legs were bare and she was in sandals.

"Kathy's out till late isn't she?" Julie said, but without waiting for my reply she continued. "I saw your Viagra. Kathy told me it gets your cock up big and hard." Julie breathed hard as if she was fighting back emotion. "David's got the same problem but he won't see his doctor. ... It's been ages since we've had sex ... oh please!" 

As Julie spoke those last words she reached down to her side, unzipped her skirt and undid its clasp, and let her skirt drop round her feet. She was wearing white cotton panties. She kicked her skirt aside, spread her legs, hooked her thumb over the top hem of her panties and pulled the front down far enough to show her dark bush of cunt hair.

"Please!" Julie gasped "It's been ages. I want sex with a big hard cock."

I reached down and cupped my hand over her furry sex mound. Her pubic hair was already moist with juice and she moaned softly with pleasure as I ran my finger tip along the lips of her vagina. As I held my hand over her cunt she pulled the cord of my robe undone. I stepped back to let her open my robe and slip it off my shoulders so it fell behind me, leaving me naked except for Kathy's black lace panties. My Viagra powered erection was pushing the thin material far out from my body in a big black lace cone with my lust swollen purple helmet showing clearly through the lace. Julie's eyes bulged with incredulity.

"They're Kathy's knickers! You dirty pervert!" Julie gasped, but her face lit up with a grin! "Mmmmm..." she purred, and the look on her face said "I like dirty perverts with big hard cocks!"

The thought suddenly came into my mind that this was the perfect combination: Viagra stoked guy meets sex starved frustrated woman! 

Julie squatted down in front of me so her face was level with the bulge of my cock. She pulled Kathy's panties down round my thighs. Released from constraint my cock sprang out, arching up. I spread my legs as far as Kathy's panties round my thighs would allow. Still in her squatting position Julie kissed and licked my penis head while her fingers caressed my balls and ruffled my thick pubic hair. She felt my shaft as if inspecting it for stiffness and length. At that moment I couldn't have said whether it was the Viagra or Julie straining my cock more! I slipped Kathy's panties off and stood there naked with my legs wide for Julie to play.

Julie slid her moist lips and tongue slowly over my penis head. Squeezing her lips gently around my penis, she slid her lips slowly down my hard shaft till my pubic hair brushed her nose, then equally slowly and deliciously back up again, sliding even more slowly over my corona ridge round the base of my helmet, then she tickled the tip of my penis with her tongue. As I stood there gasping, fighting not to squirt my load over her face, she looked up at me under her eyelashes.

"Ooooooohh! I love it when I know a man's cock is up hard just for me! Lets go up to your bedroom!" There was an edge of excitement in her voice!

Up in our bedroom Julie gasped at the sight of my porn magazines. 

"All this filth! You were going to wank over this stuff and Kathy's knickers when I interrupted you, weren't you? You dirty pervert!" But again she gave me a big grin.

She picked a magazine up and began to leaf through it, gasping at the pictures of naked girls in raunchy poses. But I fondled her bottom through the thin white cotton of her panties and slipped my hand down inside to tickle her in the valley between her bum cheeks to let her know I was far more interested in real naked female flesh. She put the magazine down on the bed.

"Go on, undress me," she said softly.

I lifted Julie's pink top off. She looked good with her big breasts slung in the cups of her white bra and her brief white panties taut over the bulge of her mound and showing a wet patch over the line of her vagina slit, but I didn't leave them on her for long! She looked even hotter, and her boobs, bottom, legs and cunt felt even more penis straining delicious in my hands when she was nude! 

"Does seeing women like in that magazine get your cock up hard?" Julie asked, with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes.

The magazine was open at a centrefold of a big boobed, bushy cunted blonde girl barely out of her teens kneeling nude on a rug with her knees so wide she was all but doing the splits. The picture was certainly having that effect on me! I wondered if Julie was storing up ideas for getting David's cock erect if he wasn't going to use Viagra. She got on the bed and repeated the pose, arching her back to thrust her big round breasts up like the blonde in the picture. Her spread legged pose pulled her vagina open and her pink, juice wet aroused labia peeped out through her wet cunt bush. Julie's big mature jugs looked much tastier than the young blonde's grapefruit half breasts.

"Do you like seeing me like this? ... Oooohhh! It feels so good! Touch me on my cunt!" 

I hardly needed her invitation! I fingered her pussy, stroking her wet labia from the front, and from behind, fondling her bottom then tickling her down her bum valley and reaching right under her to her cunt the way Kathy likes. I made sure I gave her breasts lots of attention too, stroking her big soft globes and tickling her nipples with my fingertips and tongue till they were sticking up like red-brown wine corks from the peaks of her deep pink areoles.

"Bring me on!" Julie gasped, straining her legs even wider.

I knelt on the bed next to Julie, close enough that my penis head rubbed against her thigh and left a smear of pre cum on her smooth flesh. I pleasured her with my fingers, caressing the inside tops of her thighs, stroking her vagina lips, running my fingers right under her between her vagina and her arse, moving my finger into the top of her vagina to circle her clit when her whimpers and gasps got more and more frantic telling me her climax was rising. Suddenly she cried out incoherently, thrust her sex mound against my cupped hand and shuddered spasmodically with her breasts bouncing as her orgasm exploded. She stayed kneeling for a minute or two with my hand cupped over her juice sodden cunt mound, panting and whimpering with sex pleasure as she enjoyed her afterglow. 

Then she smoothly flopped back onto the bed, spread her legs wide and folded them up so her knees were near her shoulders, and reached her arms up toward me. 

"Oooooooh! Want! Big hard cock! It's been so long!" Julie gasped.

I was frantic, my erect cock was so hard it was almost painful, and I wanted release inside a tight wet juicy vagina every bit as much as Julie wanted big hard cock up her. I didn't waste any time playing with her body, but simply got between her spread legs, leaned over her and shoved my shaft into her tight, arousal juice soaked love slit till my bush met hers. She wrapped her arms and legs over me. I'd discovered that though Viagra gives me rock hard boners with my penis exquisitely tight and sensitive I still take just as long to come. I pumped Julie with my penis for ages, fondling her thighs and breasts with my hands as I fucked her. 

Julie climaxed while I was still pumping her vagina for all I was worth. When I have sex with Kathy under me she's usually got her legs spread out flat with just her arms round me, and she just cries out and quivers under me when she comes. Julie was much more spectacular! She grunted like an animal, her hips thrust up against me, her fingers clawed my back and her heels pressed hard against the backs of my thighs with each pulse of her orgasm as she involuntarily tried to pull me deeper. I kept going, smoothly, rhythmically, full depth, enjoying her soft mature body under me, letting my orgasm rise slowly till my muscle jerked with all the exquisite pleasure of Viagra tightened muscles and pumped my sex cream into her. I stayed on top of her for a couple of minutes, panting as I recovered, with Julie's hands and legs now gently stroking my back and thighs. Finally I slid my cock back out of her and rolled off her. She gave a deep sigh and gasped:

"Ohhhhh! ... that was so good! Ohhhh! ... Hard cock inside me!"

Julie had had two orgasms, but my cock was still largely erect. I normally manage two wanks in a Viagra session, though the second one is sometimes hard (though rewarding!) work. Julie was laying beside me nude, leafing through my porn magazine, making comments like:

"Oh boy! If only I was twenty again like her! I'd love to do that for David! He never wants to do anything exciting."

Julie had my magazine open at a picture of a big boobed long legged bushy cunted brunette squatting on a coffee table naked but for black high heels with a well hung guy standing naked in front of her with the head of his erect penis between her breasts. Her one hand was wrapped round his shaft to hand job him and her other was tickling him up between his spread legs. Julie was looking thoughtful.

I was laying beside Julie with my erect penis arching up over my belly. At the thought of Julie doing that for me, whether she was twenty or forty, my straining shaft was making it obvious it wanted to go again. I wrapped my thumb and forefinger round my shaft and began to gently stroke hoping Julie would get the message. She did!

"You're still up hard after you've fucked me!" Julie said, with a little giggle. "If only I could get David to take Viagra!"

Julie put my magazine down open at the lucky guy and his hand-jobbing brunette, and ran her fingertip slowly up and down along the length of my shaft, tickling my pubic hair, my corona ridge and that so sensitive spot on the underside of my penis where my shaft meets my helmet. Julie laughed. 

"Shall we carry on from where you left the matter in hand?" 

Julie picked up Kathy's panties from the floor where I'd left them, and as I lay there on the bed she tossed them on my belly just above the head of my penis. There was a jar of hand cream on Kathy's bedside cabinet and she used it to lube her hand. Then she knelt beside me with her legs wide, perfectly positioning her naked body for me to run my hand over her thighs and bottom, slide my hand between her legs to play with her pussy and tickle her bum crack, and for my hands to play with her breasts hanging heavily above me. 

Julie hand jobbed me with her whole fist wrapped round my shaft, squeezing just right, catching my corona and frenulum, with her breasts swinging above me with the rhythm of her hand stroking my penis. As Julie wanked me I stroked her bottom and thighs and ruffled her cunt hair with one hand and stroked her breasts with the other.

"Oooooh! So big and stiff! I love big hard cock!" she purred over and over as she wanked me. 

As my cum started to rise, even with my porn magazine open beside me, my eyes locked hypnotically on my cock sticking up between my spread legs with Julie's hand sliding up and down its length, smoothly, rhythmically, full length from my pubic hair at one end of her stroke to her fingers sliding right up over my helmet at the other end till the lust swollen head of my penis, glistening with lubricating cream, peeped out of the ring formed by her thumb and forefinger. She knew how to make me wait and how to edge me to the brink and hold me there, with me frantically arching my hips up and gripping her bum with my penis feeling agonisingly tight enough to snap. Finally exquisite relief came when she Iet me cum, splashing a huge dollop of my semen over my chest and Kathy's black lace panties. I guess even the guy in the picture with his cock between his girl's tits would have envied what Julie treated me to! 

Julie left me soon after that. She said she'd told her husband David she was out late night shopping and she had to get back. I tidied the bed, checking carefully for semen splashes, hid my porn magazines away and stuffed Kathy's semen soaked panties back in the laundry basket. I surfed porn on the web for some time collecting pictures for future use, then it was late and I went to bed.

I was still awake when Kathy came home. I heard her undress in our bedroom in the dark then she crept into bed next to me. I gave her a kiss and fondled her bare thigh to let her know I was still awake.

"Good concert?" I asked.

"Wonderful," she replied. "I've always loved Rachmaninov. Sorry I'm so late. We went for a meal afterwards."

"No problem," I said.

There was silence for a while then I felt Kathy's bare leg brush against mine, her soft breasts press against my arm, and her light fingers on my thigh. Then her fingers brushed through my pubic hair, over my balls, then slowly along the arching length of my erect shaft. 

"Your cock's up hard. You're in the mood aren't you?"

I grunted as her light fingers tickled my knob. 

"Mmmmmmm!" she purred. "It's not too late is it? Can we? I'm feeling so horny. Aren't you glad I got you to see the doctor and he prescribed that Viagra?"

"I sure am, sweetheart. It's transformed my sex life."

In the darkness Kathy didn't see my grin!