 "Come on," Mick said again, "It'll be fun."

I suppose I just gave up in the end. He'd been going on all night this "Vicars & Tarts" party he reckoned he'd got us invited to. All I'd wanted was a quiet drink, but he just wouldn't stop going on about it. As always, Mick claimed that this was a "sure thing", and there'd be loads of women there. 

But that's what Mick always said. He was a good mate, but he did go on at times! I'd had a crap week, and would have been quite happy to go home and crash out. But, as I say, in the end I just gave up to keep him quiet. After all, nothing would come of it, would it? It never did with Mick.

"All right then," I told him.

He stared at me, not sure he'd heard me right. I laughed at his reaction, and finished off my drink. Standing up, I spoke to him again.

"Come on," I told him with a laugh, "lead me to all these women."

I walked out of the bar laughing quietly to myself, knowing that Mick was all talk. Glancing back, I could see him trying to finish his drink before following me. I waited outside for him to catch up with me before hailing a cab. We clambered in and Mick gave the driver the address. This time it was me who was surprised – both because Mick actually had an address, and because of where it was in a pretty smart part of town. Maybe things were looking up.

Ten minutes later we were there – and things were definitely looking up. 

Mick paid the driver while I looked around. We were in a cul-de-sac of smart, detached houses – all nice gardens and big cars. I was about to ask Mick how he had managed to get an invite when the door of the house of front of us opened. A couple came out. They were both young and good looking – and were all over each other. But it was the lady showing them out, and giving them both lingering "farewell" kisses, that really made me gasp.

She was gorgeous – early twenties, long blonde hair, cute face, and a body to die for. And all she was wearing was a set of black underwear – a low cut bra that left her breasts bulging out of the top, knickers that were cut high and skimpy, black stockings held up on her long, long legs by a lacy suspender belt.

I just stood and stared, my mouth hanging open as I drank in the view for the few seconds it was available to me. As she turned to go back indoors, I caught a tantalising glimpse of her naked ass, the thin ribbon of her thong disappearing between her firm, young buttocks. My mouth felt dry – and my cock hard. Very hard.

"Suzie."

She turned as Mick called out, and walked straight past me and across the garden to the door.

"Mick! You came." Her voice was low and husky.

Now I stared at him – as he hugged Suzie to him and kissed her quickly, his hand sliding down her back. It turned out that they had met a couple of weeks ago, and that she had invited him to the party. It seemed that while her parents were away, Suzie was determined to have some fun.

"Come on, Simon," he called out, a huge "I told you so" grin on his face.

I followed them into the house, trying hard to drag my eyes away from Suzie's gorgeous ass. Once inside, I could hear loud music from one room, and chatter from another. I wandered around while Mick went to get us some drinks. I found myself in a large lounge, and grabbed a seat at the end of a long couch.

There were about a dozen people in the room, mainly couples. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I realised that while the men in the room had largely ignored the "Vicars & Tarts" theme for the party, the women definitely hadn't. Most of them were dressed in incredibly sexy clothes, and looked raunchy to say the least.

As my eyes adjusted further, I quickly realised what else was going on. At one end of the room, a few couples were dancing, very slowly, very sensually. Each couple was clinging to each other, their mouths locked together, their hands running over each others bodies.

Elsewhere, couples were openly touching and caressing each other. At the other end of the couch to me a couple were practically having sex, while at the other end of the room a guy was openly undoing his ladies blouse as she sat on his lap, his hand reaching in to caress her more than ample breasts. 

Mick eventually brought me a beer – and promptly disappeared as he went off in search of Suzie. And that was the last I saw of him.

As I sipped from the bottle of beer, I looked around again, my eyes drawn to a couple standing talking on the opposite side of the room to me. I took one look at her, and instantly forgot what was going on around me. To me, she was quite simply beautiful. Perhaps not in a conventional way, but she looked it to me in a very sexy, open sort of way.

She must have been about my age – I'm in my mid thirties. She was about five feet and a few inches tall, with shoulder length brown hair. The blonde highlights streaked through her hair glimmered in the subdued lighting.

She was wearing a dark coloured Basque, with a white see through blouse over the top. The blouse was only done up by a knot at her belly button. Her breasts bulged firmly out of the tight Basque, her nipples barely covered. Her legs, which were encased in black, disappeared into a tight, black miniskirt that only just covered her fit looking ass.

As I stared at her, she glanced my way and smiled. The bloke she was talking to took her glass from her just as she glanced at me. As he turned to put their glasses down, she looked me up and down and smiled again, the wet tip of her tongue sliding across her red, lip stick covered lips. My cock was bulging now as the bloke turned back towards her.

She pulled him to her, and they kissed as I looked on, her tongue clearly thrusting into his mouth. His hands were running up and down her back as they kissed, squeezing her firm ass, and pulling her to him. She rocked against him, pushing herself onto the hard bulge in his trousers. As they broke their kiss, she reached down and ran a fingertip over the bulge in his trousers.

And then he led her out of the room. I watched them leave, my face green with envy.

"Her name's Chloe – and it looks like she's busy."

I looked up towards where the voice had come from. I hadn't even noticed anyone standing next to me. She was young, around nineteen. I watched as she walked across in front of me, from the side of the settee where she had been standing, to nestle down on the settee beside me.

"But I'm not," she continued, as she snuggled up to me, holding my arm in her hands, her breasts snug against me, her legs crossed to show off an expanse of warm, tanned thigh below her very short skirt.

She moved her hand, and ran a fingertip across my thigh, and along the hard ridge in the front of my trousers.

"You do like her, don't you," she said with a laugh, moving her hand back onto my thigh.

She snuggled up closer to me, throwing her leg across my knees, before asking me my name.

"Simon," was all I could gasp as she moved her hand back into my lap to give me a gentle squeeze.

"Feels like you've been enjoying the view," she murmured her mouth now very close to my ear. 

I turned my head towards her, and her lips sank down onto mine. She tasted wonderful as her tongue slid along my lips and into my mouth, thrusting quickly and deeply as I pulled her to me, as she squeezed my cock again, as my hand ran instinctively along her silken thigh.

She broke our kiss just as quickly as it started, smiling a delicious smile at me before snuggling up close again, her hard nipples pressing into my arm.

We chatted idly, occasionally glancing around, talking about what we could see, what we would like to see. After a while, all we were doing was filling in time, teasing each other, until we were ready for what now seemed to be inevitable.

While we talked, I stroked her thigh gently, savouring the warmth of her smooth, sexy flesh. She left her hand resting in my lap, my cock hot and hard under her, her other hand stroking lightly along my arm.

We kissed again, a long, lingering kiss. As we kissed, she moved easily onto my lap, and then twisted so that her knees moved each side of mine so that she as straddling me. I reached around her to her ass, my hands now slipping inside the back of her skirt. We kissed again, our tongues thrusting wetly into each others mouths, hungry for more, lots more. My cock was throbbing, eager for release.

I squeezed her ass as she sat up, and unashamedly eased down the front of her strapless top. Slowly, so sexily, she uncovered her large, soft breasts. She smiled down at me as I gazed at her breasts, at their size, their firmness, their shape. 

She pulled my head to her, urging me to suck on her dark, taut nipples. I licked and nipped at her rubbery flesh, and then sucked harder, pulling her nipple, her breast, into my mouth. I reached for her other breast, only to find that her hand had got there before me, and that she was tugging and tweaking at her own nipple.

I moaned into her breast as she pressed her hungry cunt down onto my cock, grinding herself against me. I was aware of the couple on the settee next to us watching as I devoured her breast, as she held me tight, as her body moulded itself to mine.

For long minutes we enjoyed each other, oblivious to the others around us, turned on by them watching, by what they were doing, by what we were doing. I pulled away from one breast to lick and kiss her body, her cleavage, her other breast, leaving wet trails and red marks on her silky soft flesh.

I reached under her to find her hot, wet pussy. She wriggled back onto my hand as I slipped one, and then two, fingers inside her. Her wetness gushed onto my fingers, my hand, as I slowly slid my fingers in and out of her, as our passion, our need, rose.

"I need your cock," she eventually gasped into my ear, pulling her top up before quickly standing up and pulling me to my feet.

She led the way to the far end of the room, past the few dancing couples. Two girls were dancing, both topless, their breasts pressed together, while another girl was openly stroking her man's cock as they danced slowly.

Beyond the dance floor was a door leading to a dining room. We went in, kicking the door closed behind us. Once inside, we fell on each other, kissing, biting, feeling, wanting. We broke apart, gasping for breath, looking at each other.

She went across to the table and perched on the edge, her breasts heaving as she looked at me, her rock hard nipples threatening to rip thorough the thin material of her top, a look of sheer lust in her eyes.

"Fuck me," she said, before lying back on the table, her arms above her head, her body stretched out, her feet up on the edge of the table.

I stood between her legs, her skirt wriggled up to her waist, and looked down at her, undoing my trousers with one hand while I reached out with the other to touch her belly, to feel the wet front of her skimpy knickers.

My cock sprung out from my clothes, long and hard, pre cum dripping from the end. I ran my hand over the front of her knickers again, feeling her heat, her wetness, hearing her gasp as I pressed the flimsy material into the folds of her pussy. She pressed against my hand, her mound pushing up to me. 

I yanked her knickers to one side, the material ripping easily, to expose her pouting lips, her erect clit, her smooth, shaven mound. She gasped again, her body writhing on the table, as I rubbed my cock head over her pussy lips, and then between her lips before pressing it down onto her clit.

She arched her back, her breasts bulging against her top, as she pushed her hips up, pressing herself onto my cock, demanding that I fuck her.

And then I plunged my cock into her tight body, her cunt wrapping itself around me as I drove deep inside her with one thrust. I held her hips, holding her tight to me, my cock buried inside her, feeling her pussy throbbing around me, her hot flesh moulded around every ridge, every contour, every vein, of my cock.

And then I eased out of her, before plunging back in again, my cock reaching deeper inside her hot, wanton body as she pushed her hips up to meet me.

I reached forward and dragged her top down, reaching for her breasts, for her rock hard nipples, as her pussy sucked and pulled on my cock, as she wanked herself on me, as she moved swiftly towards a climax. I drove into her repeatedly, each time reaching deeper inside, each time holding still for a few long seconds as she pleasured herself on my cock, as I used her body.

I held her breasts, her pebble like nipples pressing into the palms of my hands, her wonderfully sexy flesh digging into me. I pinched her nipples as she came, her cunt convulsing around my cock, her head shaking from side to side, her eyes shut, her mouth open, as her orgasm flooded her body, out from her pussy, out from around my cock, and through her.

I held still, gazing at her as a red flush rose up her body, as pleasure washed through her, my cock still buried deep inside her, rock hard against her soft flesh.

As she came down from her high, I pulled out of her, and rolled her over, quickly pushing her skirt up and over her tight ass before driving back into her hot cunt from behind. She cried out, swearing, as I grabbed her hips, and slammed my cock as deep into her as I could reach. I fucked her hard, pulling her back onto my cock to meet my thrusts.

Her cunt was tight around me as I plundered her body, both our cries filling the room. My balls felt tight and full, my body crying out for me to cum. But I slowed down, wanting this to last.

I slid into her more slowly, her juices pouring out of her onto her thighs and the table as we moved together. I slid a hand over her ass, caressing and holding her firm young flesh. I ran a finger into the tight gap between her cheeks, moving from the top to scratch lightly over her puckered little hole, and then down to her sopping wet pussy.

I moved my fingers back up, rubbing the ridges around her tight bum, feeling the wetness where her juices had run down between her cheeks earlier, feeling her shiver under my touch. Slowly moving my cock inside her pussy, I eased the tip of my finger into her ass. She sighed with pleasure, holding still as I pressed deeper into her, before pushing back, wanting more. 

I fucked her slowly in both holes, my cock long and hard in her pussy, my finger in her ass, feeling one against the other inside her hot body. Her body wriggled under me, wanting more, her excitement building again.

I pulled my cock from her, and quickly pressed my throbbing cock head against her ass. I wasn't sure of her reaction, but I knew what I wanted. But then she gasped "Yes", and pushed her ass up towards me. I leant forward, one hand on her hip, the other on my wet, slippery cock to guide me.

At first all I felt was resistance, but then she opened up to me, and with a "pop" my cock slid easily into her ass. We both moaned loudly as I entered her, as the tiny ridges of hard flesh rubbed along my cock. I held still for a few moments, and then pressed harder, deeper, into her, as her ass came up to meet me.

I fucked her hard in the ass, feeling her finger rubbing along my length as she finger fucked herself. She cried out as she came again, from my cock in her ass, from her fingers in her cunt, from the pressure of the rough table on her sensitive nipples. As she came, I carried on pumping into her, making it last.

Again, my balls felt ready to burst, but I knew exactly what I wanted. Again, as she came back to me from her high, I pulled out of her, my cock bouncing in front of me as I rolled her over onto her back. I pushed back into her cunt again, her juices still running from her. I drove hard into her, my cock relishing the wetness of her pussy after the tightness of her ass.

Her pussy sucked me inside her, as I reached for her, and pulled her to me. As she sat up, our arms went around each other, our mouths locking together as we kissed, as our tongues explored. She pulled my shirt apart, a button flying off, so that she could press her naked breasts against my chest, her nipples digging into me. She dipped her head to suck and bite my nipples as I fucked her, as I held her.

My balls were on fire as I drove into her. This time I couldn't stop, and with a loud cry I came. My balls contracted and drove my torrent of thick cum out of my cock. I buried the first spurt deep in her cunt, before pulling out and wanking my cock, sending thick arcs of it over her breasts, her face, her hair. She opened her mouth, taking some cum there.

As I wanked, she pushed her fingers into her cunt, bringing herself quickly to another orgasm as my cum ran down her face, down her body. She licked around her lips, drawing more of my cum into her mouth.

I looked around and spotted some tissues on a side table. I grabbed a few and passed them to her, watching while she wiped the rest of my thick cum from her face. I rubbed some from her hair for her, and then from her breasts, sliding my hand slowly over her curves before giving each nipple a soft, lingering kiss, tasting my cum on her.

We looked at each other, suddenly laughing at the state of our clothes. We helped each tidy up, and then held each other, our kisses unhurried. We then turned to the door, only then realising that we hadn't closed it properly in our rush. We laughed again, before I suddenly remembered something.

"Sorry," I told her, my face reddening, "but I can't remember what you said your name was!" 

Now she laughed.

"I didn't," she replied, kissing me one last time, her tongue exploring my mouth slowly and very erotically before giving my cock one last squeeze and heading for the door.

She stopped by the door, and looked back.

"Amanda," she told me, and then she was gone.

By the time I got to the door, she had disappeared into another room.

As I looked around, I realised that it was much quieter. Looking at my watch, I was surprised that we had been gone for almost an hour. In that time, quite a few people had disappeared.

I sensed her next to me, even before she spoke.

"It looked like you were having fun."

Her voice was soft, almost teasing.

"Bet you could use this," she added, passing me a beer.

She held out her own drink and clinked her glass against my bottle in a silent toast. She took a sip of her drink before speaking again.

"I'm Chloe," she told me.

"I know, " I said with a grin, before adding "Simon," by way of an introduction.

We stood in silence for a few moments. She really was beautiful, and I felt that familiar lurch in my cock despite what I'd been up to only minutes earlier as I let my eyes wander over her.

Her blouse had gone, leaving her shoulders and arms bare. Her Basque was tight around her, her breasts high up on her chest. She openly looked me up and down, and not for the first time I was glad that I'd persevered with my visits to the gym. We looked at each other frankly, openly.

We talked about different things as we sipped our drinks and found out about each other, letting a sense of anticipation develop. As we finished our drinks we looked at each other. Chloe looked around the room.

"Looks like it's just about over," she commented, before asking "Walk me home?"

My mouth suddenly felt dry.

"Okay," I croaked, tongue tied.

Outside, Chloe linked her arm in mine, seemingly oblivious to her state of dress, my cock rising to the touch of her hand on my arm. Before I could ask where we were heading she stopped. 

"We're here then." 

She lived next door!

She grinned at me, a delicious, mischievous grin, before standing on tip toes to kiss me softly on the lips.

"Thanks for seeing me home," she said, heading up the drive, her ass swinging from side to side.

I watched her open mouthed, my cock shrivelling rapidly.
