 Vice Cop: New York

* Previously on Vice Cop, we met Hudson Banach, a rookie cop in New York City who gradually becomes a star cop on his force. He is irresistable to women saves the day when he thwarts the attack of a psychopath on a subway train and meets the girl of his dreams when his friend and mentor,

Professor Ezra Goldstein introduces him to the gorgeous Lexa O'Neil. He later discovers that she is a new police officer in his force. The year is 1985......

It bothered him. It really did. Hudson could not believe that the very sexy and elegant Lexa O'Neil was now a fellow officer on the force. He felt somewhat betrayed. The Professor had not told him that she was a cop. Perhaps his anger had no real foundation and it was possible the Professor was not even aware that Lexa was with the NYPD. Outwardly, and when she was out of uniform, she looked ravishing, like a super model from Vogue. She was so feminine and like a goddess, that Hudson figured she could be the lady love of his dreams. For the longest time he wanted to find a perfect girlfriend he could later settle down with and marry. He would retire as a cop and have children as his Italian genes decreed and he envisioned a happy life with a woman who was good and stood by him. He'd be the envy of every cop in New York.

But from what he could see, Lexa was not at all a vulnerable, helpless beauty. Since her arrival at

the police force, Hudson did his best to avoid her. That first week they had nothing to say to each other and although she made eye contact with him and at times appeared as if she wanted to talk to him, he would walk away, letting her know

he was not comfortable around her.

Kyle Lennox, Hudson's best friend and fellow cop, noticed that there was something very fishy going on between them. He was in the dark about

them but sensed that Hudson was not ok with a woman being in the force. He had seen how they looked at each other and also noticed a tiny spark. He approached Hudson who was drinking by the water cooler at the station. It was early in the morning and Hudson was about to start his day and go on duty.

"Hey, Hud, you mind telling me what's going on with you lately?" Kyle said to him, point blank.

"What do you mean?" Hudson said, his eye brow raised.

"I mean about how you and Lexa look at each other. You are acting like you're in high school and you are sweethearts who are quarreling with each other."

Hudson laughed, and then became quiet so that others would not hear.



"Man, you gotta be kidding me," he told him, "are you implying that I like this girl? That's crazy. She and I barely know each other."

"I would not have guessed. By the looks of you two, you could pass as a couple who have been together for years. Is there something you're not telling me? Did you two do it already and you never called her and she's mad and now you're freaking out that she's a cop and working with the same force as yours?"

"You're way off. I never went to bed with her and

we just happen to know each other through an old friend of mine. He introduced me to her at his home and we were to attend a concert together. I'm just surprised this same girl is a cop."

"No one else has an issue with her being a cop. We've never had a female cop on this force but she's really good, man. She has done so much already. I heard the Chief say the Mayor himself wants to talk to her on public television.

She seems to have time to do little extra stuff as a public servant of the city and is always saving the day or something. Does it bother you that she's as good as you?"

"Hell no. Look Kyle, I'll appreciate it if you don't talk about it. You're jumping to a lot of conclusions and they're all untrue. I don't have a problem with her being a cop."

His friend gave him a funny look. Next to dark and handsome Hudson, who was decidedly more Italian in his features, Kyle Lennox was a blonde, very pasty of skin and with a slim, but strong build and yet a "softie, guy-next-door" type of face. Kyle also knew his friend better than he did himself.

"Look, maybe I'm a little worried about her. She's doing alright now and she is being praised and credited for terrific work but sooner or later she's gonna break. She's got to. She's a woman. Being a cop is tough and there's a lot of stress and pressure for those who can't really handle it. She knew what she got herself into. It's like getting herself into the army and being sent to oh, like Vietnam all over again."

"Hud, you sure can be pretty full of it sometimes," Kyle said and walked away................

    TWO

Neither of them had wanted to go to the concert at Carnegie Hall. Professor Goldstein had planned it for months and Hudson and Lexa felt an obligation to please the old man and go for his sake. In New York City, the world was bigger. All kinds of people from all over the world and from every walk of life lived in its expanse, often encountering one another and at times interacting.

If Hudson had discovered that Lexa was a doctor, he would have been ok with it and his feelings for her would have not changed as much. But she was a cop and he felt somehow emasculated. How could she be his partner for life if she was as

tough a cop as he was? As he dressed for his night out, he was spied on by his small sister Alyssa who found it amusing that he had his hair slicked back so neatly and how it glistened like a jet. She also found it just as amusing to see him not only out of uniform but in a penguin suit. Professor Goldstein had bought him

a tuxedo, much to Hudson's annoyance. He had only worn formal suits that looked like business suits but never a tux, except for the night of his high school prom. The tux was uncomfortable as he felt it did not fit him well and his muscular frame

could hardly be contained within it.

"You look like you're gonna get married, Hud," Alyssa said, joking,"who's the lucky girl?"

Alyssa had just turned thirteen and was already a smart-aleck. She was attending a local junior high and often joked about becoming a cop herself. Hudson did not like her joke and hoped to God she was not serious about it. It was enough

that Lexa was a cop. He would die of a heart attack if he knew that his own kid sister was a cop in the dangerous Big Apple.

"It's a date, silly," Hudson said to her, "and a blind date at that. A friend of mine hooked us up. We're going to Carnegie Hall for a piano concert."

"Why do they call it a blind date? I never got it. You're not going out with a blind person."

"It's a "mystery" date. You don't know who you're going out with until it's too late and I pay for dinner."

They both shared a laugh.

"Well I think it sounds like fun. I can't wait to go on a mystery date and pray it's Robby Benson, Patrick Swayze or -"

"Boy crazy already are ya? Well I don't want to hear about it. Go tell a girlfriend. Hey, weren't you supposed to be at a slumber party? At Myra's?"



"Myra's not my friend anymore so I wasn't invited and I don't care."

"Women," joked Hudson.

After putting on some cologne and preening one last time in the mirror, he was ready. He patted Alyssa's hair as he walked out the door.

"You take care of Mamma Banach," he said to her, "and hey, don't use the phone tonight. You're going to run up the bill and Dad will find a way to make you pay for it. You know how dad is. Before long, he'll stop giving you an allowance -"

"Well, I want to get myself a job at the mall," Alyssa said to him, " my best friend Vicki is doing that already and she's just starting high school."

"I think you should wait until you can drive first and focus on school, then you can find yourself a job that suits you."

"Well, Dad has not said anything so I figured it was ok but I guess I'll take it up with him. And Mamma. Well, you better go. Your mystery lady awaits."

    THREE

Hudson knew it was going to be a mistake and he prayed that time would fly and the night would be over soon. He was certain the date would not go well and that something will flash like a sign that he and Lexa were not meant to be together. He would be a perfect gentleman, of course, as he was raised to be one but he hoped that Lexa would see that he did not approve of her being a cop without hurting her feelings and that a relationship would only make things difficult at work. 

He was waiting for her, seated in his car with Professor Goldstein just outside his apartment, looking at his watch. The Professor had also given

him a gold pocket watch to compliment the tux and again Hudson felt he should not have done so. He was uncomfortable being showered with gifts. Goldstein was wearing a tweed jacket and slacks and for his usual attire for a symphony or opera, he was considerably underdressed. Hudson figured he had dressed in a hurry and at any rate, this night was not for him alone but for Hudson and Lexa.

"She is not the type of girl who is always late for something like this," the Professor said, "I know her. I'm sure something must be wrong and causing a delay."

Hudson was reflecting on his words "I know her."

"Professor, if you don't mind my asking, just how do you feel you know this girl? A pupil is not always going to be a professor's friend. I know we are but that's a different case."

"Is it, Hudson? You don't think I can make friends with other pupils of mine? Actually, there's a bit of a story to how I know Lexa."

"Do you mind telling me?"

"Not at all," the Professor said and began to speak in "storytelling" mode, "Miss O'Neil's mother was a great singer but unfortunately very underrated and never made it big in the world of opera. Her name was Katrina O'Neil. She was a beautiful black woman, statuesque and possessed the most beautiful voiceI've ever heard. Her lungs were iron. She had sung the Ring operas of Wagner by the age of twenty two and that's quite an accomplishment. She had studied in Europe and sung at La Scala, triumped at the Paris Opera and Covent Garden in London and she was all set to conquer the Met here in New York City when -"

He paused. He was speaking with a lot of emotion. Hudson wondered if he had at one time loved and had feelings for Lexa's mother Katrina.

"She ruined her own career with an affair with a married cop. She made it very public, too. It was considered very scandalous at the time. She fell in love with him and I have no idea why. From what I recall, he was a rather rude and arrogant Irishman. Lexa was the product of their affair. She had to take care of the girl and so her singing days were over, just when she was becoming famous. I don't approve of cops because

although they protect and serve the public, they are often arrogant because they wield authority, think they know better than everyone and they can be pretty -"

Hudson made a sad face.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you were a cop for a moment."

If he only knew that Lexa, too, was a cop, Hudson thought. Like magic, she was there, her silver sequin gown glistening in the moonlight. Her

hair was arranged in a high French twist, showing off her beautiful neck and because the gown was sleeveless, her tan skin was exposed and looked so

delicious. She had on crimson lipstick and diamond teardrop-shaped earrings. Hudson's heart quivered, like the first time he saw her at the Professor's home. Instantly, he opened the door for her. She went inside and sat next to him

in the front passenger's seat.

"Good evening, Professor," she said to him, her voice once again tinged with that classy sexiness he had heard from her when she was "off duty".



"Good evening, Mr. Banach," she said to him without looking at him.

"My dear, you look absolutely beautiful," Goldstein said, smiling, "that gown looks like something your mother wore when she sang Tosca."

"Well, as a matter of fact it is. She loved the gown so much she was allowed to possess it. I altered the gown. Turns out my mother and I have the same build. Of course, she's much bigger now."

"How is your mother?" the Professor inquired.

"She is doing very well. She is teaching singing lessons privately and not that she has too but she enjoys doing it."

"And how's your father?"

"He just retired from being a cop," she said, and she looked at Hudson when she said that, " the NYPD has been good to him and he's done so

well for so long. I only wish that -"

Hudson looked at her then, briefly, but noticed a gleam in her eye.

"Wish what, my dear? Don't tell me you have a thing for cops like your mother had?"

The Profesor burst into a cheerful laugh. Hudson and Lexa looked at each other again. In their feelings of annoyance and perhaps even some

sense of competition, there was a slight sexual undercurrent. They both felt it but did not want to show it so they tried not to stare at one another for long.

"I don't care for every cop I see, Professor," she said, while looking directly at Hudson, "I think you're very right that some are full of themselves. They think that all women are helpless and need them around all the time.

I have experienced the toughest neighborhoods in New York City but I've learned that with good moral support, family values, and a sense of direction, one can do much on their own. It helps to be in fantastic physical shape and to

know how to defend one's self from assailants."

"My dear, you sound like a cop already."

"Well, Professor, it's something I have not wished to tell you because I know how much you dislike cops -"

"Tell me what?"

"Professor, haven't you figured it out?" Hudson interjected, somewhat angrily, "she's a cop! She is a cop like me. We're on the same force."



Lexa looked at him with a stern eye and then looked out thewindow of the car as they headed downtown where the lights sparkledlike myriad jewels in the night. The Professor did not say a word and no one was in the mood to say anything so they drove to the concert in awkward silence.........

   FOUR

On the program on Hudson's lap was wine he had spilled during intermission, which had been the most uncomfortable few minutes of his life. The Professor had not liked that Lexa was a cop, but for different reasons. While Hudson disliked that she was doing what had always been a man's job, the Professor hated that she, a student of his, a music lover, a beautiful and classy girl, had also become a cop, a field of work he did

not admire or appreciate. The intermission was filled with polite but deliberately superficial conversation. The night was warm and they spoke of the weather, which Hudson knew was the biggest sign that they were bored or trying to avoid talking about the issue of her being a cop. They spoke of how they were enjoying the music. The pianist was an Asian man and he had expertly played the Mozart Piano Concerto No. 21 in C Major

and nocturnes, waltzes and polonaises by Chopin. The Mozart piece and the lively Chopin dance tunes on the piano had lifted Hudson's spirits but

only for a fleeting period of time. After intermission, he knew that the night was going to feel longer than he had wanted it to be.

He had been sitting next to Lexa because ostensibly they were on a date so he could not sit anywhere else. He sat in the middle between

Lexa and the Professor. Lexa had not bothered to stare at him except during intermission and only a few times, as if to pass the time by just

glancing into his direction. Her face was expressionless. There was no way of knowing how she was feeling. She had a cold yet beautiful distant look about her, as if she was a princess visiting New York City and not giving away much about where she had come from. Hudson felt awed by

her beauty. Her breasts, especially, showcased in the low-cut neck line, were gorgeous and pert. Her body was so beautiful, so strong and yet so

feminine. He wanted to grab her by the hips, squeeze her hot ass, touch her breasts, arouse her, get her excited, get her to moan and fill her eyes with a gleam of passion. But he did not want her to know he was thinking these things so he did not look at her directly for long. 



Just what could she be thinking? If only he could read minds so he could read hers. She seemed more relaxed than he was, but she was clearly feeling something that he was sure pertained to him. The last part of the evening concert was under way. The Asian pianist, after receiving applause and took his seat, began to play Tchaikovsky's grand romantic First Piano Concerto with full orchestral accompaniment. After the great sweeping opening theme came a slower piece. The whisper-like and wistful slow movement had made Hudson drowsy. As he slipped into a state of brief slumber, he envisioned Lexa in the nude.

Her sequin gown had fallen to the floor in slow motion and a fire was burning behind her, softly but gradually increasing in force. Her tan skin

was glowing and matched the glow of the firelight. Her breasts were so perfect, her eyes were suddenly more vibrant and her face was finally legible. It was filled with distinct sexual desire.

"I want you," she said to him and she moved her index finger inthe come-here gesture, "come to me, Hudson. Come to me."

He saw himself in a sort of sexy pirate's costume, something he'd never even think of putting on even for fun; a puffy white shirt with long sleeves and dark tight slacks which apparently was turning her on and then he saw the costume disappear as if by magic and he was in the

nude. He felt as if he were watching a softcore porn movie. His back wasin front of the camera, and his great, high, round butt was showcased as

he approached Lexa. A close up of Lexa's eyes, then her high heels, which she apparently still had on. Closer he came, with sexual hunger gnawing

at him, his eyes with a fierce glow, his heart pounnding. 

Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto was now in the final movement andsomehow, the music became the soundtrack to his erotic fantasy. The brilliant waltz theme, fast-paced and exciting, filled his ears. He was now gently lowering her on to her back by the fire. Her legs were spread wide

and she wrapped them around him, pulling him toward her. He mounted her and reached down to cup her bottom and began to thrust into her.

As if really watching a film, they changed positions soon afterward and he was thrusting into her from behind, her body shivering and her orgasm finally achieved as he plunged his cock into her pussy from behind, while he cupped her breasts and kissed her neck fiercely. The hot flames was suddenly raised very high as they both orgasmed. 

"Hudson," she moaned, "Hudson, Hudson -"

"Hudson," said Lexa, snapping her finger to get him to wake up.

Hudson opened his eyes. He was staring at Lexa and the Professorwho regarded him with a puzzled expression. He noticed the music had stopped and people were already leaving their seats. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, I must have dozed off," he said.

"You were also saying "Hudson, Hudson," Lexa said to him, "it was pretty funny and weird. God, how full of yourself are you?"

"That's not funny, Lexie," he said to her, " I'm just so tired. I made four arrests today and my feet were killing me earlier and -"

"I understand. Professor, if you don't mind, I'll walk home. My new apartment is actually not too far away from here."

"O, my dear, are you sure about that? Hudson can take you home after he drops me off at my apartment", the Professor said, agitated.

"No, really, don't worry about me. That goes for you Hudson. After all, I'm a big girl. And a New York City cop. I can take care of myself."

   FIVE

Lexa lived in a minuscule apartment in Queens. She was proud of it. She could not afford expensive furniture, a full bar (she loved alcoholic beverages), or even hope of inviting a guest since it was only one-room, but she embraced her independence with gusto. She loved that she was her own woman, making it as a cop in the big city. It was true that her parents
