 Shawna was riding his dick cowgirl style. She loves the sensation of grinding down on a big hard cock. Her partner, Art, is savoring the attention his cock is receiving and is passionately groping Shawna's breasts. Shawna begins to scream continuously until the heart-racing fucking was over with. She lifts herself off of his lively dick and kisses him on the mouth.

"How was that, Art?" Shawna says. "Do you want some more?"

"Fuck yeah," starts Art McKendrick. 

Shawna Taylor begins to lower herself until she is in full view of his stiff cock, ready for insertion into her mouth. She licks around the head of his dick when the phone rings on the nightstand adjacent to the bed. 

"This is Art." McKendrick says when he picks up the phone.

"Hey Art," replies the voice on the other end of the call. "This is Chief Kurt Crewe."

"Hey Chief. What's up?"

"We got a murder down at the station. Name is Kat Dawson. She was murdered at the hotel she was staying at last night. Looks like her room has been dug through. I want you to check it out."

"All right Chief. I'm on it."

"And by the way, I've been trying to reach Shawna, but her phone ain't picking up at her house. Maybe she's out and about with her cellphone. You call her and get down here to the station and take over from there. Got it?"

"Got it boss." The phone goes dead.

Art replaces the phone in the cradle. Shawna eyes him sheepishly.

"Was that Crewe?" Shawna asks.

"Yeah," replies Art. "He wants us down at the station immediately. We're assigned to the murder of Kat Dawson."

"Well, Crewe can wait. Because from what I can tell, we haven't finished what we started."

Shawna crawls over to Art and grasps his cock while he cups her breasts and begins to suckle them, causing her to shiver with delight. With the delightful sensation being performed to her breasts, Shawna grabs a tighter hold of the dick in her hand and starts to work her hands on it with skill. Shawna's handjob causes Art's cock to stiffen out while she moans due to the throbbing sensation her breasts are receiving.

"Ooooh," Shawna moans. "I want to suck your dick and make you cum!"

Shawna removes Art's face from her breasts and lowers herself onto her knees. With his hard cock in her hand, Shawna sets her mouth around his dick and continues his sexual pleasure. She hears his gasps amid being concentrated on soothing his cock. Shawna pumps Art's cock deeper into her mouth causing him to ache in pleasure.

"Shawna," Art screams. "I'm going to cum in your mouth. I'M GONNA CUM!!!"

"Go ahead," replies Shawna. "I want to taste your warm cum in my mouth."

With that expression, Art's cum shoots from his dick spraying her mouth top to bottom. Shawna removes Art's member so she can continue to swallow his semen. Art grabs his dick and starts to rock it until some more of his cum comes spurting out, this time on Shawna's flawless face. 

"Lick that shit up." Art yells.

Shawna licks her face trying to clean all of his cum off of her face. Getting most of it, Shawna turns around and gets on her hands and knees, extending her ass in Art's face.

"You want me to fuck your ass, Shawna?" Art asks.

"Oooh, yes," Shawna says. "I want you to fuck me hard and cum inside me."

Art lowers himself so he can insert his dick into anus. He spits in her opening so his member can easily slide in her ass with relative ease. Art slips his cock deep in her ass before he starts to make her quake. He hears her moans, but continues nonetheless. He rocks her ass into his cock as it goes deeper inside her. Shawna shrieks.

"Ahhhhh," moans Shawna. "That feels sooooo good. Fuck me harder...harder...HARDER!!!"

Art obliges to her request. He pounds her harder as he goes deeper and deeper into her ass. Art feels the sensation flowing within his dick and he knows he's about to explode. In a matter of seconds, he pumps her full of cum and quickly withdraws.

"How was that, Shawna?"

"Excellent."

They both resume to get their clothes on for another day of work as a detective under Police Chief Kurt Crewe. They soon arrive at the station with Crewe in an agitated state of mind.

"Where the fuck have you two been?" Crewe yelled.

"Well," responds Art. "She wasn't picking up her cellphone. Finally twenty minutes ago she answered it. I told her what was up and we got here as quickly as we could."

"Well, did you tell Shawna about the victim?"

"Yes Chief."

"Good. It's a shame to what was done to her. Bullet in the head. What a way to die. She was a beauty. Red hair. Probably a great fuck. I want you two to search her hotel room right now. Question anybody who may have known her. Now go!"

Art McKendrick and Shawna Taylor left as quick as they entered. They were on assignment to find the killer of Kat Dawson.