 There was a tingling in the pit of my stomach. I realized this was the next step, but I was nervous. I re-adjusted my blouse and sat on the couch. If I could maintain total control of the situation, I knew everything would be all right. His requests were respectful and delivered in soft and encouraging manner. The click of the camera, the burst of the flash, and his gentle tone soon lulled me into a sense of calm. My thoughts began to drift and I remembered the first time I heard his voice.

It was a hot early April afternoon and the city traffic was moderate. My cell phone beeped and buzzed on the passenger seat. The pause at a stoplight allowed me to quickly look at the screen before the light changed. It wasn't a blocked call, but did not recognize the number. I answered warily. "Hello."

"Good afternoon, may I speak to Vicki, please." The soft polite voice at the other end of the phone intrigued me.

"Speaking"

"I would like to inquire about your availability and your rates." Disappointment clouded my interest. Just what I needed I thought to myself, another lookee-loo. I started into my spiel, but he interrupted me. 

"Would you be available Wednesday morning?"

The immediacy of his question took startled me. "Just a moment and let me check." I already knew the answer to that question but did not want to appear eager. "Hold on for a moment will you please," I said as I steered the car into a side street and parked. Rummaging through my appointment book I replied, "Sorry to keep you waiting, just had to pull the car off to the side of the road; safety first you know. Yes, I'm available. Would 10 o'clock be OK?"

"Sure, sure," came the eager reply. "By the way do you like wine and chocolate?"

The question was disarming. I burst out laughing and exclaimed, "Oh I love them both..."

The knock at the door was firm, but polite. I glanced through the security peephole and was pleasantly surprised. I opened the door. "Hi, Vicki. I'm Jim. Pleased to meet you." A firm hand greeted me. Before me stood a fit, grey haired gentleman in his fifties. He was dressed in blue slacks and a pale short-sleeved dress shirt. His smile was infectious. I invited him into the foyer and closed the door. "Where should I put these?" he asked holding out a gift bag that contained a bottle of wine, a package of my favorite chocolates, and an envelope. His demeanor put me immediately at ease. 

We soon found ourselves, on my living room couch, sharing the white wine and chocolates, pleasant conversation, and the panoramic view of the local vineyard and lake. He was shy and nervous. I had to make the first move. A lingering kiss emboldened him. His fingers tenderly traced down my neck and across my collarbone. I liked how they delicately explored teased my exposed skin and then tentatively dipped into the V of my white silk blouse. It demonstrated that in spite of his apparent bashfulness, he was there for more than just comfortable conversation and passive sex. He wanted to participate and I was very willing to acquiesce.

I slowly closed the bedroom door behind us, turned to face him. To my surprise he was already quickly undressing. As he neatly piled his clothes on one of the bedroom chairs, I caught his eye. Holding his naked gaze, I began to strip. My blouse, long black skirt, and lacy white bra soon found their place on the arms of the other bedroom chair. My hands ran sensuously over my breasts and hips and I saw my actions were having the desired effect. Directing him to the bed, I cooed, "Let's start with a massage." Straddling his legs, I spread the oil over his back and buttocks. I enjoyed the fact that I was in control.

He liked my touch. I could feel him relax as I rubbed his shoulders and lower back. Our conversation was enjoyable. It was not the usual babble about the weather. Instead, it was an intelligent conversation about business ethics. He rolled over under me and I began to rub his chest, stomach, and to tease his cock. His grin encouraged my actions. My fingers traced over a scar in his left groin. The smile faded, as he told me about an operation that had repaired a severe muscle tear, but had damaged several nerves in the process. As a result, he told me with a twinge of sadness, he often had problems with erections and some lingering discomfort.

A brief, humorous discussion about the current mess of our current medical system followed and then it was Nurse Vicki to the rescue. The taste of his precum was sweet and captivating. His cock stiffened against my tongue. My fingers encircled his shaft and manipulated his balls. I could feel his erotic tension building. I timed my sucking and squeezing to match his breathing. 

My own excitement increased. Dampness and warmth was building in my pussy. I quickly wrapped his cock in a condom, discarded my now soaking panties, and straddled Jim. I ground myself against his pelvis and rocked back and forth. His face contorted in ecstasy and his body stiffened and quivered. I closed my eyes and made all the fitting groans and gasps while bucking appropriately.

The tender touch of fingers on my nipples stilled the movements of my performance. The single word "Sorry," poignantly said in a disheartened tone came from Jim. "Let me make it up to you," he continued as he pushed me down onto the bed. I used some tissues to clean him up and glanced at the clock. There was still time left and I lay back against the pillows. 

Jim tenderly spread my legs. His fingers began to trace curving patterns on my inner thighs and over the pouting lips of my pussy. I could feel his hot breath against my kitty as I melted around his penetrating fingers. My wetness increased as they rubbed with slow deliberate movements against the thickness at the front of my vagina. My breath quickened. Then his tongue found my clit. He stopped for a moment, looked up, and said, "You taste wonderful." I smiled and gasped as he continued his actions. His tongue explored my hood. He kissed and sucked my clit. It became wonderfully engorged and sensitive. The sensations he was creating filled my body and my mind. They blotted out all other consciousness. When his teeth raked my clit, I went over the edge. I fell into a paroxysm of ecstasy. My body quivered and danced as his tongue continued to titillate. I heard myself scream, "Don't stop! Oh fuck, don't stop!" and everything melted into a warm erotic blackness.

The red digital image of the clock came slowly into focus. I had been asleep for about an hour. Jim's arms enveloped me and I could feel the prodding of his dick against my buttocks. He adjusted his position and his cock rubbed against my clit. An electric flash of pain and pleasure flooded over my body. I literally jumped out of bed. "...Sorry, I'm hypersensitive now...Sorry..." I breathlessly pleaded. Then, despite the time, I knelt beside the bed, took his cock in my mouth, and sought a reward of a different type.

Over the next few months, Jim became a regular. We would meet once or twice a month and gradually my relationship with him morphed from one of simply a client to that of a friend. He became my confident and my confessor. We communicated regularly on MSN. We often met just to talk. Yet, whether it was out of guilt or something else, Jim always insisted, at the end of each visit, on leaving behind an envelope. 

That summer, while Jim was on an extended motorcycle trip, I dabbled with the domestic straight life. I allowed my boyfriend to move in with me. The result was a disaster. It took me nearly six months to get the bastard out of my life. In the end, I lost most of my business, could barely pay my rent, and became emotionally bankrupt. Through it all, Jim kept in touch with me. He was there through the tears, the screaming fits, and the angry tirades. Jim continually provided the encouragement and support necessary for me to get back on my feet. He even helped create a website for me. "The world needs to see you as I see you," he explained. "They need to see the classy and sophisticated lady I know."

Everything that had happed over the past few months lead to this photo shoot. Six outfits, 2 bottles of champagne, and over 150 photos later, we sat on the kitchen stools before my computer. Giddiness and anticipation filled my head. I was exhausted and leaned against Jim's shoulder as he downloaded the pictures from his camera. He kissed my cheek, nuzzled my neck, and asked, "How are you feeling? Are you ready?"

"I'm tired," I sighed "but horny as hell and can't wait to see what you did." I hugged his shoulders and his hand snaked down my back and cupped my buttocks. The silky material of my robe transferred the heat of his hand to my nakedness beneath. I could feel my nipples harden and brush sensually against the lapels of the robe. "Let me see, let me see them!" I pleaded impatiently. Jim clicked the mouse and the pictures sequentially filled the screen.

While I didn't know exactly how Jim earned his living, I did know that he was involved in merchandising and marketing. I watched with fascination as he selected about a half dozen pictures. The images he chose made me look graceful, erotic, and sophisticated. "Now you choose some pictures," he challenged in an encouraging tone. "After all you have to know how to use this."

While I laboriously selected some photos, I caught him glancing at the clock. It was now after 12 and we had been working for nearly four hours. "Do you have to go soon?" I inquired. 

"No. No, not right away. I have an appointment at three this afternoon with a client at the mall. It's just a short drive, so we still have some time. Finish your selections. However, before I go, I would like to show you how to load some of the pictures onto your website and create a photo album."

Some ninety minutes later, I sat before my computer screen looking proudly at the photo album on my website. The operation had taken longer than I had expected, it always does where computers are concerned. Nevertheless, the time was well spent. Jim had helped me improve the layout and wording on several of the pages. The site was beginning to look very effective and what was more important; it made me feel good. 

"There, how is that?" he asked with a smile. "Are you pleased with what we have done?"

" Oh, wow! It's great! Oh Jim, you have made this so easy," I gushed. "I was scared when we started, but I've had fun and the site looks terrific! You need a reward. Would you like some coffee and a sandwich or something? I could make you..."

"Not really the reward I had in mind," he announced as he planted a passionate kiss on my lips and pushed me towards the bedroom. 

I tossed his shirt on the chair and began to undo his belt and pants. They fell to the floor and Jim hugged me as I slipped my thumbs under the waistband of his underwear and began to work them over his ass. Momentarily, his briefs hung up on his erection. I pulled down sharply. His cock sprang free and we both convulsed in laughter punctuated with a passionate kiss.

Our tongues entwined and I enjoyed the feel of his hands through the material of my robe as they massaged my shoulders, outlined my spine, and massaged my bum. My urgency was growing. The picture taking exercise had been a sensual experience. It had stimulated my libido and now I needed release. I pushed back from him and said, "I need you now...Let me get rid of these." I tried to bend down to help him step out of his clothes, which now encircled his ankles, but he stopped me. His hands found my waist and pulled on the belt of my robe. It fell open and I reveled in the feel of his hands against my bare skin.

My nipples hardened under his touch. Jim kissed my ear and nibbled on my ear lobe. He turned me around. I enjoyed the feeling of his cock slipping between the cheeks of my ass. His hands stroked my belly and his fingertips investigated my pubic hair. I gasped and shuddered as a finger brushed against my clit. "Oh, oh...no not yet," I playfully squealed and pushed back against him. Jim lost his balance and fell back onto the bed. Quickly I turned and deftly removed the underwear, pants, and socks which bound his dangling feet. Then I jumped on the bed beside him and began to smother him with kisses.

A rousing game of slap and tickle ensued. Jim finally subdued me with a move that would bring any girl into check. His fingers penetrated my wet pussy and feverishly worked in and out while his tongue played fast and loose with my clit. One orgasm flowed into another. All I could do was scream "Don't stop...oh fuuuuck doooon't stoooop!" Nevertheless, despite my urging, after a few furious minutes, his pace slowed and then he finally stopped. 

Jim rolled over onto his back to reveal his very erect and hard dick. "Beat that, if you can?" he challenged with a sigh. I could not resist a dare. I fought to regain control of my breathing as I reached for a condom from the bedside table. 

I took delight in the feeling of his hardness against the roof of my mouth and tongue. His taste was exquisite. I sucked hard and bobbed feverishly allowing my teeth to scrape against the sides of his cock. His hips rose to meet my motions and I enjoyed his gasps and groans. I could feel his tension growing. When I felt his leg muscles begin to tighten, I stopped. My thumb and fingers encircled the base of his cock and squeezed. His urgency subsided. After quickly rolling on the condom, I straddled him. I briefly savored the feeing of his cock inside me and then I began to buck wildly.

Jim's eyes met mine and I held his gaze. His hips thrust up to meet my downward movements. My pussy juices gushed. His cock felt great. It seemed to touch my very heart and soul with each thrust. I ground myself against him in an attempt to have him fill me totally. My body tingled, hot colors flashed before my eyes, and I felt him cum. His cock continued to pulse and throb as we rocked together before I finally collapsed into his arms.

The sound of my cell phone, as it chimed and danced across the top of the night table, woke me. Through blurry eyes, I peered at the clock and saw that the time was shortly after two. Realizing that I was alone in bed, I answered the phone. After a brief conversation, I headed towards the sound of running water. I stumbled into the ensuite to join Jim in the shower. "Mind some company, I need to wash off," I said as tied my hair up, stepped around the shower curtain, and into the tub. 

A warm, slippery hug and a deep kiss greeted me. I enjoyed the combined sensual feel of Jim's hands and the hot shower water on my back. I pressed my breasts into his chest and felt his hardness grow against my belly. I broke the kiss and used my hands to reach up and frame his face. After lightly kissing his chin and neck, I slowly traced his facial features with my fingertips and then ran my palms down his chest and pinched his nipples. During all of this, I maintained eye contact. I loved looking into his grey-blue eyes. 

My excitement grew as my left hand continued down his belly to fondle and caress his hardness. My other hand traced patterns over the small of his back. Then my fingers sought out the crack of his ass and slowly proceeded to map out its valley. I could see the anticipation increasing in his eyes. I squeezed his cock and ran my thumb back and forth over its bulbous end. The tension was building within both of us. I relished my power over him. 

His pelvis tilted towards me when the index finger of my right hand found his anal rosebud. I increased my pressure against the puckered muscle. Jim gasped. The rhythm of my cock teasing increased as I forcibly pushed a finger against his sphincter. He gasped and winced. I planted a soft kiss on his lips and quickly pulled away from him. "There that gives you something to think about until next time," I teased and quickly left the shower, grabbed a towel from the rack, and scampered from the bathroom. 

"Hey!" came a bellow from behind me, "That's not fair!"

"Well the fair on comes in the fall. You can wait until then or our next session or you can finish the job yourself," I said with a laugh from the bedroom. I quickly dried myself. Then in short order, I slipped into my lavender jump suit and matching high heeled slippers, straightened up the bedroom, and left Jim to his own devices. 

On my way back into the kitchen, I dropped the towel off in the laundry area, plumped the cushions on the sofa, and picked up the champagne glasses. A quick tidy-up of the counter, the placing of Jim's envelope in the ice cream pail in the freezer, and I was ready. I turned away from the refrigerator just as Jim entered the kitchen.

"You look fantastic! I like you in that outfit," he said admiringly. "It really suits you." The jumpsuit was a favorite. The soft velvet clung to my slim frame and emphasized my curves. I always wore the zipper so that it revealed a modest amount of cleavage. My hair was still up, but I had pulled a few strands free and they framed my face. He approached and reached out and tenderly played with the tendrils with his fingers. "My God you are a magnificent woman. I really..."

I didn't let him finish. I placed my fingers on his lips and cooed, "I had a wonderful time too. I truly enjoyed the photo shoot and I really like what you did to my website. But I don't want to make you late for your appointment." With that, I ushered him towards the door making sure that Jim had his camera and coat. 

When we kissed at the door, I let him play briefly with my nipples through the soft material of my jumpsuit. Then with both hands, I gently pushed him out onto the veranda, encouraged him to call me soon, told him I loved him, and closed the door. I glanced at the kitchen clock as I heard his truck start and head down the driveway. A sense of relief passed over me. It was only ten to three. There was still plenty of time. No cars would be passing in the driveway. 

Author's note: This story resulted from a challenge by a female friend. I would really like to hear your comments and criticisms. I would especially like to know if you think the story should be expanded into a series. Odlum