 I was already standing by the door when the bell rang. The fantasy that had been floating around in my head for two months was finally coming true. I was excited — even a little nervous — as I reached for the doorknob.

She smiled when I opened the door, making an already beautiful face framed by blonde curtains all the more stunning. The rest of her was just as wonderful. The low-cut white top she was wearing revealed ample cleavage, and the cloth clung to her curves, leaving little to the imagination. Her short black skirt likewise showed off gorgeous legs.

"Mr. Reynolds?" she asked.

"Yes, but please call me Seth."

"Seth, then. I'm Vicki from Natural Clean. I believe you have an appointment."

I held the door open and stepped out of the way. "Yes, please come in."

Vicki grabbed the handle of her cleaning cart and pulled it inside after her. I openly admired the sexy way she moved, because there was no reason not to. The sound of her high heels clicking on the floor sent a shiver up my spine.

She stopped at the center of the front room and pulled a clipboard from her cart. "If you'll just sign this and have a seat, I'll get started."

There was a great deal of text, but the only thing I was concerned about was the line on the bottom. I signed and dated it without reading a word. When I handed it back to her, she gestured toward the couch. I took a seat and prepared for the show.

She was still wearing that stunning smile when she grasped the tail of her top. The dream I'd had ever since reading an online article about nude maid service was finally coming true. I drank in every moment as the cloth slid upward. The fair skin of her midriff appeared below the line, and then her navel. When the rising top revealed her lacy white bra, I had to adjust my hardening cock.

Her top pooled into a basket atop the cart, and she wasted no time reaching behind her back. I saw the band go slack, and throbbed in anticipation of what was to come. I wasn't disappointed.

I'm sure that by cup-size, she wasn't particularly busty, but on her trim frame, her tits looked huge. They were firm and perky as well. The rosy circles surrounding her nipples contrasted her skin tone to good effect, and I was mesmerized by every jiggle.

Next came the zipper on the back of her skirt. I let out a quiet groan as I heard it sliding down. She then hooked her thumbs beneath the waist of the skirt and turned around. The black of her skirt gave way to the white of her panties as she pushed down. The cotton barely covered her round ass at all. She bent low to slide the skirt down her legs, and I swear I saw a slightly darker spot in a very interesting location.

Two clicks from her heels sounded one after the other as she stepped out of her skirt. She didn't straighten as she did so, letting me admire the play of her muscles with her butt still thrust toward me. I gave my raging hardon a squeeze.

When she stood back up and faced me, her eyes dropped to my hand between my legs.

"Do you mind?" I asked.

"That's not going too far, I suppose," she answered while dropping her skirt in the basket. Then she slipped her thumbs beneath the cotton of her panties.

I took in a slow, deep breath as she pushed them down. A thin line of hair emerged, culminating in a downward pointing triangle. I certainly didn't need the arrow to draw my attention, but I appreciated it anyway. The cotton continued its journey past her thighs, and down her legs. As her panties neared her knees, she had to bend, giving me a fine view of the top of her breasts. Then she stooped down and pushed until the cotton dropped to her ankles.

I got my first peek at what the arrow was pointing at when she lifted her foot and twisted it, deftly extracting it from her panties. The next peek was a little longer when she lifted her other foot, bent her knee, and plucked the last garment from her ankle.

"Would you like the shoes off or on?" she asked while dropping her panties in the basket.

I answered, "On is fine," but the truth was that having her walking around stark naked in those high heels made her look even sexier.

She nodded, and then pulled a long-handled duster from her cart. "Well, let's start at the top then."

Heels clicking, she strutted across the floor until she was beneath the ceiling fan. I had to moan when she stretched her arm over her head, lifting those magnificent breasts. Her smile broadened at the sound.

Vicki moved in a circle beneath the fan, dusting off each blade, and giving me a view of her from every possible angle. I felt as if I were going to blow the zipper out of my jeans. She glanced my way as she worked — always smiling and seemingly confident in her nudity.

"I'm impressed," she said when she finished with the fan. "The ceiling fan is one of the places where you usually find the lapses in housekeeping."

I said, "My wife actually seems to enjoy cleaning."

"Wife?" she said while walking back to her cart.

"Is that a problem?"

She shook her head. "Of course not. I'm here to clean, not judge. It could be rather awkward if she came home while I was here, though."

"No chance of that."

"You're sure?"

I nodded and said, "Positive."

The blonde's smile changed to a crooked, mischievous one while she swapped for a duster with a shorter handle. "Well, I'll see if I can find anything Mrs. Perfection missed."

"Think I'm getting my money's worth even if you don't."

She struck a pose, holding the duster out to her side and said, "Thank you. I aim to please."

She was certainly doing a fine job of that.

Running her duster over the lamp and table next to where I sat on the couch didn't accomplish much. There was little in the way of dust to pick up. What it did accomplish was to make me sigh when she bent to reach the back of the table. Her breasts hung quivering from the motion of her arm, only a few inches away. I could see every bump on her areolas, and it looked as if her nipples were erect.

"Well, nothing here," she said as she straightened. Her eyes brightened and she held up a finger before saying, "The bottom of the coffee table."

"Only one way to find out," I said, and then gave my aching cock another squeeze.

She glanced between my legs before pointing at the table and saying, "Let me have a look."

My naked maid stepped in front of me, bent down to put a hand on the coffee table, and then looked at the shelf below. Her ass was as close to me as her tits had been earlier. She subtly wiggled it back and forth before bending even lower, putting a hand on the floor. The effect of that was anything but subtle. I slouched down an inch or so to get a good look at her pussy — a line of pink that glistened in the light of the lamp.

I couldn't handle the pressure any longer. I popped open the button on my jeans and released the zipper with a sigh of relief.

"I don't really see anything," she said.

What could I say while staring at her ass and pussy almost in my face? "I do."

She looked back over her shoulder and smiled before standing up. As soon as she turned, her eyebrows lifted, and there was no mistaking that she was looking at the bulge in my underwear.

"Is that okay? I was feeling a little restrained."

"Yes, that's..." Her gaze darted back between my legs. "That's just fine."

I didn't miss the look, or the catch in her voice. I'd been holding back on my fantasy, but that was enough to encourage me to push. "If you don't mind me asking, are they real?"

"You mean these?" she asked while cupping her right breast in her hand. "Yes, they're real."

"I thought they looked real, but you can't tell just by looking."

"I suppose that's true, but..." She trailed off and shrugged. "There are limits to my service. Company rules."

I looked to one side, and the other. When our eyes met again, I said, "I don't see anyone here to enforce those rules."

She put a hand on her hip and asked, "What are you suggesting?"

"I suppose I could offer you a little something extra to know for sure."

"How much?"

Now we're getting somewhere, I thought. "What do you think of ten?"

"You want me to break company rules and risk my job for a ten?"

"For one little squeeze, I think that's fair."

"One squeeze?"

"Both, of course, but yes."

"Show me the money."

That's what I had been hoping for. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my wallet. I had a large chunk of my recent bonus inside, and it was bulging as much as my underwear. I made sure to put the fat stack of bills on full display while thumbing through them for a ten. When I held it out, she bit her lower lip and blushed. She only hesitated for a moment before taking the bill, though.

She leaned in, and I reached up. I groaned as I felt the weight of them in my palms, and then again as I squeezed. I slid my thumbs over her nipples, causing her to gasp. My earlier observation was right. Her nipples were pebble-hard.

"So?" she said.

"They're certainly real."

I reluctantly let go when she pulled away to say, "I told you."

After a nod of agreement, I said, "Your nipples are hard."

"It's the air conditioning," she responded.

"Either way, I'd love to suck on them."

"You're certainly not doing that for ten dollars."

"How about twenty?"

She hesitated for a second, so I pulled a twenty out of my wallet and let her have a good look at Jackson. That seemed to push her past some barrier.

"Twenty for one minute."

A drop of pre-cum widened the dark spot on my underwear. I held out the twenty and said, "Done."

Vicki deposited it and the ten I'd given her earlier on the coffee table before sitting down next to me. "One minute," she reiterated.

I ignored her and dived straight in.

A whimper escaped her when I locked my lips on her left nipple. I sucked it hard, and smiled when she rewarded me with a gasp and a shudder. Then I moved to the bud on her right breast, giving it equal treatment. After the first hard suck, I teased it with my tongue.

Back and forth I went, sucking and licking. It was pure heaven. Though she seemed to be trying to hold the sounds back, she whimpered and moaned the whole time.

"Your minute is almost up," she said in a breathless voice.

"I can keep going if you'd like," I said.

She pushed on my chest and said, "Your minute is up."

I purposely held on as I backed away. Her nipple left my lips with a pop, and she gasped.

"You seemed to enjoy that," I said, "Did it make you wet?"

All pretense of resistance vanished when she immediately said, "You can find out for another twenty."

"How many licks do I get for a twenty?"

"Twenty for a finger. It's fifty if you want that."

That's when my dick decided it was done playing around. It was throbbing like mad, so I leaned back, pulled it out, and asked, "How much to find out with this?"

Her eyes locked onto my manhood and her mouth dropped open. Almost as soon as it happened, she caught herself and blurted out, "Two hundred."

"For how long?" I asked, standing my cock up straight so she could get a good look at it.

"Five minutes, if it takes that long, and you have to wear a condom."

I came right back with, "How much without a condom?"

"I'm not on the pill."

"How much?"

"I..." She took a deep breath and said, "Four hundred for five minutes, and you can't come inside me."

"Four hundred, five minutes, and you swallow."

She nodded.

I pulled four Benjamins out of my wallet and tossed them on the table. As they landed, she lay back and parted her legs. That answered the question I'd asked, because I could see she was undoubtedly wet. I tore off my shirt while kicking off my shoes, and then jerked down my pants and underwear together. As soon as my legs were free, I moved between hers.

"Your five minutes starts as soon as it's in," she said while I pushed my erection down with a thumb.

"The five minutes starts as soon as it's in. That's the deal?"

"Yes. Come on."

"As soon as it's in. Done," I said.

With that, I ran the head up and down the parting of her lips. After the first stroke, the tip was coated in her juices. She wasn't just wet; she was soaking wet.

"Stop wasting your time," she said, lifting her hips up from the cushions.

I moved the slippery head to her clit and rubbed it back and forth. "I'm not wasting my time. It's five minutes after I put it in. You agreed. It's not in."

"You know what I meant," she argued.

"It doesn't matter what you meant. That's what you said. It's a business arrangement. A contract." I pushed down harder and rubbed my cock against her clit faster.

She trembled and gasped. "F-fine. You won't be able to resist anyway."

"We'll see about that," was what I said. The truth was that I wanted to jam it in her balls deep that very instant. This was the full-blown fantasy I'd daydreamed about — not just the half-measures I'd hoped for. Since I'd found a loophole, I was going to get everything I could out of it.

Her breasts rose and fell at a quickening pace as I teased her clit. I dipped my cock down and smiled when she gasped in anticipation. As soon as I had it nice and slippery again, I went straight back to her clit, and she scowled at me.

"Oh, come on. It feels good, doesn't it?" I said to her.

She kept her lips tightly pressed together and refused to answer.

A flash of inspiration hit me, and I grabbed my wallet from where it was trying to slip into the crack of the couch. I pulled out a ten, tossed it on her tits and asked again, "It feels good, doesn't it?"

"Yes."

I put even more pressure on her clit, and a whimper fought to get past her lips. After another couple of seconds, she was lifting her hips toward me again, and the next whimper escaped.

I dropped another ten on her chest and asked, "Do you want it?"

"Yes, I want it."

I couldn't find a ten quickly enough, so I flipped a twenty at her tits and said, "What do you want? Say it."

"I want you to fuck me!"

That was the limit of my resistance. I dipped my cock down and pressed it against the entrance of her canal.

"Please, fuck me," she begged.

A long, loud groan from her filled the room as I battled my instincts to slowly sink inside her. I joined her with a growl for the last couple of inches, until I was buried to the root. Then, I put my fingers to work on her clit.

"Yes. Fuck me," she cried when I pulled back to drive my cock home again.

She felt unbelievable with her satiny walls squeezing tight around me. I don't think I'd ever been inside a hotter, wetter pussy in my life. The only thing that kept me under control was concentrating on slowly pumping my hips while I rubbed her clit at a furious pace. After only a few strokes, she surrendered to give full voice to her pleasure. Yelps and whimpers tumbled from her lips with every deep penetration.

Soon enough, I was growling with every thrust, too. I closed my eyes, because the sight of her currency-decorated breasts quivering and the ecstasy written on her face was too much. My fingers were making eight back and forth circuits to every stroke of my cock. I know because I started counting to distract me from my mounting pleasure and Vicki's ever-loudening cries.

It did the trick, because it startled me when she screamed, "God, I'm going to come!"

I popped my eyes open just in time to see her throw her head back and scream to the ceiling above. Her back arched. Her pussy clamped down on me like a vise. Fingers curled into claws dug into the cushions. I froze in place, bottomed out in her depths, as a second squeal followed hot on the heels of the first.

Somehow I held back while Vicki yelped and lurched through her orgasm. I was sure that I was going to unload inside her for a few tense seconds, but the desperate urge mercifully subsided. Breathing hard, I was able to watch her spiral down from her peak.

"Holy... Holy shit," she gasped between aftershocks. "Made me c-come... Come so hard."

"My five minutes isn't up," I growled to her.

"Oh god!" she exclaimed in a squeaky voice.

"How much to come inside you?"

"No!"

I snarled, "How much?"

"Another four," she forced out in a squeal as another wave of orgasmic energy tore through her.

I grabbed my wallet, pulled out the four hundred dollar bills, and scattered them over her sweat-beaded breasts. Then I grabbed her thighs and slammed my cock inside her.

"Give it to me!" she cried as our flesh collided.

The hundreds fell from her bouncing breasts as I gave her everything I had. Sweat had saturated the smaller bills enough to cause them to stick to her skin. The sound of my heartbeat pounding in my ears drowned out my growls, her screams, and the loud smacks of our flesh colliding. As I drew near the point of no return, I saw her eyes widen. Then suddenly, she loosed an ear-piercing screech.

She was coming again, and that was it for me. I plowed through the resistance of her clenched canal one last time and roared as my semen rushed up. An eruption harder than anything I'd experienced since I was a teenager filled her full of cum, and it was only the first. My hips jerked of their own volition as blast after blast coated her walls in the seconds of sweet agony.

I don't even remember falling forward as the last few dribbles leaked into her. I have no idea how long I was gasping for breath and dripping sweat atop her, either. The next thing I remember was when my wife dropped the act and said, "Oh, Seth, that was amazing."

"God, baby," I muttered, still slack-jawed and exhausted.

"I don't want you to go, but I'm so hot."

"Uh huh."

She sighed at my feeble joke and said, "You know what I mean."

I'd drooped inside her, but pulling out still sent shockwaves through both of us.

"I think this one's going to take," she said as she lay there with her legs up, trying not to let any of my seed escape. The bonus and my promotion finally put us into a position where we felt comfortable starting a family.

"I hope so. I don't think I'll be able to come for a week. I used it all up. Thank you, baby. That was so fucking hot."

She chuckled. "You're welcome. It turned me on, too."

I closed my eyes, and after a minute or so, felt the couch shift when she got up. I opened my eyes a crack to see her gathering up all the money.

"Just put it back in my wallet," I said.

"Oh no. I earned it," she countered while fanning herself with the fistful of bills. "Besides, I need something to pay the plumber with when he comes to clean my pipes."

I reached for her, but she spun away from my weak grasp and laughed as she absconded with the money. If I wanted it back, I was going to have to earn it by fulfilling her fantasy.

I had no problem with that.