 It was a bleak, cold day on campus, and being up on a hillside, the wind whistled and wound its way through the buildings and trees, almost as if it was a herd of cattle being corralled. I walked as fast as I could while trying to keep my ears and hands warm inside my coat. The wind stung like a thousand needles through my layers of clothing, which included a thick Ralph Lauren sweater. I passed a sign advertising the campus name, San Andes State University, which was coated in a thick layer of ice complete with icicles, remnants of rainfall early that morning. A few other students were out braving the winter frost, some making their way to the next class in quick stride, and others hanging around socializing as if it were a sunny 80-degree day.

I made my way into the English building for my final class of the day. It wasn't much warmer in the hallway. The building was older and probably didn't have a very good heating system. I navigated my way through the yellow, aging hallways to my classroom. When I arrived, it was still twenty minutes until class was supposed to begin, but I wasn't about to try and be hip and wait outside. I entered the small, high-school-like classroom and took a seat in a rickety wooden chair. English was one of my stronger suits, so I popped a novel out of my backpack I'd been reading and picked up where I left off, awaiting the rest of the class and the instructor.

A few minutes later, I noticed with my perspective vision that another student had entered the room, but I didn't notice any significant identifying features because I was lost in my novel. I heard the feet of a chair scrape across the floor and creak with the weight of the classmate applied to it. The sound of rustling through personal items continued, and by that time I had lost concentration. I tried to read on anyway, hoping I would regain my focus and remember what I'd just read. Just then, I heard a female voice from the general direction of the rustling say hello in a soft and shy tone.

Since I had no chance of reading on any longer, I closed my book, looked in her direction, and replied with a shy and simple "Hi."

"What's your name?" she asked.

"Derrick, and you?" I replied shyly.

"Victoria."

"Lovely to meet you Victoria."

She smiled, and then continued her polite conversation with, "It's freezing out there!"

"Yes I know. I had to walk from the commuter lots in it this morning" I fired back. As introverted as I was, I became interested in this conversation. The fact that a young lady of her beauty was actually speaking to me was a warm feeling in itself, so I decided to milk it and stay warm as long as I could.

Victoria lit up when she learned I was a commuter and her sparkling brown eyes widened as she said, "You commute? So do I! Where from?"

"Lawton" I spoke brokenly, knowing that my one-horse town wasn't a great conversation piece. As I spoke I decided to give her a once over, which became a twice over, then a thrice over. Victoria was gorgeous. Even with her thick gray winter fleece her features stunned me. She had long, straight, dark-chocolate hair that extended about halfway down her back. She was simply flawless in the face; her matching brown eyes complimented her hair nicely with a general cuteness that any straight man (maybe gay as well) would love to kiss and nuzzle. 

Her breasts were quite large, and even though they were snug and warm inside her turtleneck, I could tell they were near perfect examples of natural tits in every way. A quick thought raced through my head of her tits squeezed together in that turtleneck, held in by a bra a few sizes too small, probably a few beads of sweat in-between them. I had to break my concentration by stepping on my own foot so I wouldn't get a hard-on in front of her and anyone else that might walk in.

"Oh my God! Lawton? That's where I'm from! I can't believe this. How come I've never seen you at school there?" She was now in that hyperactive schoolgirl mode, high-pitched voice and all. I shuddered a little, but decided I could bare it.

"Well my dear," I started with a tone mocking that of an old man, "I graduated about four years ago, and so you were probably a freshman at the time. I'm a very slow starter with this college thing." I couldn't help but grin and hope she took my cynical humor well.

Victoria smiled which acknowledged to me that she could handle my brand of humor, so I knew she wasn't all girly to the core. Then she spoke, "Oh okay, I thought that you looked older than most of us fish."

"But not that much older" I smirked. We both laughed. 

Just as a few other students began to enter the room, our conversation was upended by Victoria's cell phone ring. She took the call since class hadn't started and I decided to try not to eavesdrop and focused my attention on retrieving class materials from my backpack. Though I wasn't listening to what was being said, I could tell that she was in some kind of distress. But I did not want to impose, it was none of my business, so I continued to ignore her chatting. Just as the instructor entered the threshold, Victoria ended her call and powered her phone off. She seemed to be very upset as she pouted for a moment. Class began shortly afterwards.

After the full day of classes, I was worn out. I dreaded the long, desolate walk back to the parking lot, but at least it would be all downhill. I was one of the last to leave the classroom as usual; I tend to take my time reloading my bag. Victoria had left as one of the first, so I figured whatever little thing I had with her was over. I suddenly felt cold again, which became worse when I exited the building and began my daily return to my truck in the stiff, frozen wind. 

Just as I reached the far end of the main campus, I heard fast-paced footsteps approaching from behind. Someone was trying to catch up to somebody, but I didn't think it would be me, so I kept walking. But then I heard Victoria's familiar voice yelling my name.

I stopped in my tracks and turned around to face her. She was out of breath and hunched over trying to breathe in the dry, freezing air with no avail. "I'm glad I caught you," she told me in-between breaths.

"Well that's a first" I responded sarcastically. 

She smiled and continued to explain her situation to me, "The phone call I got in class was my friend. I carpool with her to and from school everyday. Anyway, long story short, she's decided to ditch me and drive her loser boyfriend out around town. So I have no ride home, and no friend it looks like."

"Well that's no good" I responded with a genuine concern.

"Yeah, she's totally off my A-list. Bitch!" I laughed.

She continued, "Anyway, I don't mean to be a mooch or anything like that, but I tried everyone else and there's no one who can get me back to Lawton. Is there any possible chance you can give me a ride home?"

"Victoria," I said with a proud and a tad sarcastic tone, "it would be a privilege for me to get you home." It sounded funny, but I meant it. I hadn't been with anyone since high school, and just her company alone was infinitely better than the norm (of course I wouldn't mind fucking her either).

"Oh thank you so much Derrick, I appreciate this." She was now jumping up and down and seemed quite taken with me. She wrapped herself around my left arm and we began walking the rest of the way to my truck. I was a bit uncomfortable with this at first, but I decided to roll with it, and eventually it became enjoyable having some arm candy.

As we walked through the beautiful hills covered with oak and cedar trees down into the tiny valley where the clear river was, we had a wonderful conversation, talking about everything that crossed our minds, much like we'd been long term lovers. About every guy we passed was looking at me with envy, or at least that's what I was imagining. We crossed a busy intersection then over the river bridge and finally arrived at the parking lot. 

"So which one's yours?" she chanted.

"That one." I pointed to my little blue truck. It was a small, two-seater, four-cylinder I'd been driving since high school and it was getting old. The paint was beginning to chip, but I was proud of it. I figured I could squeeze a few more years out of that truck.

"Cute" she laughed. 

"It's not the size of the truck, it's what the truck can do" I assured her with a raised eyebrow.

"Riiight" she said sarcastically, rolling her eyes.

I ran in front of her to unlock the door. Nothing was automatic about my baby; standard locks, standard windows, standard transmission. "How can you live with this?" she asked as she took her seat in the tiny cab space.

"What's wrong with it?" I muttered.

"Nothing's automatic. How do you manage to drive this hunk-of-junk?"

"Hey, I drive a standard damn well, and personally I prefer them over automatics."

"Okay, whatever. I just figured you might want to get with the times, but I forgot you're older than me" she tried to retain her laughter.

"Don't start that shit again" I rolled my eyes.

"Old timer! Grandpa!" she teased.

"Look," I got in her face, pretending to be angry, "you're pushing your luck for mooching a ride off me. Get in, shut up, and hold on."

Before she could fire back, I slammed her door and ran around to the driver's side and got in. When I started the truck to try and get us warm, I looked over at Victoria, whom was now sitting with the angriest face she could force and her arms crossed. "Pushing my luck, eh?" she stated, "You know you couldn't throw this hot ass bitch out if you tried." She continued to pose her body in a sexy stance, licking her finger and touching her thigh, making a steaming hiss sound. 

"A little full of yourself there, aren't you?" I bantered back. 

"Admit it! You want me. You know it. You're a dirty old man and I'm the little schoolgirl across the street, and you want to ravage me, don't you?"

"Fuck girl, you watch too much porn!" We began laughing hysterically. 

Warm air finally made its way through the vents and I backed out of the space, and then exited the parking lot. As I navigated through the town of San Andes, passing the university and all the wonderful features a large city has to offer, an eerie silence fell upon us. Victoria gazed out the windshield for a while, then through her door window, taking in the sights, but obviously thinking about something in her mind.

As the town of San Andes faded in the distance, Victoria turned to me in a more serious manner and asked, "So have you ever had a girlfriend?"

That was a subject that had haunted me since high school, as I'd had a few sexual explorations, but never anything like a steady relationship. I wasn't sure what the underlying cause of her asking the question was: an honest inquiry to my past real relationships, or just asking if I'd been fucked before.

I decided to answer it in a manner that would answer both situations, "Well I've been out with a few girls a couple of times, but I've never gone steady with anyone before."

She smiled and laughed at my gone steady remark, "Gone steady...that's cute. Such an old phrase. You really are an old fart."

"Only in the head" I smiled back.

Victoria decided to change the subject as she could see it was a bit of a sore for me. "So how am I going to pay you back?" she asked.

"Well, you know the old saying: Ass, gas, or grass -- no one rides for free. But you can hold the grass and replace it with cash." We both laughed at my quirky humor, but I was half serious about it. I was aiming for a few dollars or some gas money, but I'd gladly accept ass too.

"Hmm" she pondered, "well, I don't have any cash on me, so I guess that's out. No gas card either. Damn. Looks like I'll have to pay you in ass."

I laughed at her response because I didn't believe for a second that she was serious, but she was. For a few moments I glanced over at my driver's side mirror to take a look behind us, and when I looked back Victoria's way she was on her seat on all fours, crawling ever so slowly my way.

"Holy shit! What the hell are you doing?" I freaked.

"Relax. I have to pay you for the ride somehow, so just sit back and enjoy it, and try not to kill us while I'm doing this" she spoke in my ear.

I became a bit nervous and managed to stutter, "You -- don't have to, uh, pay me, I was just joking."

"But I want to pay you" she said as she sat in the middle seat, placing the stick shift in-between her legs, "I think a handsome gentleman such as yourself deserves it."

"Uhh, oh-oh-okay," I mumbled, "what, wha-what are you going to do?"

"I'm going to get your rocks off, what else would I be doing?" she said as she reached her left hand for my crotch. Right on cue, my cock sprung up like a flagpole. She saw the bulge appear in my pants and she moaned in approval. It was becoming increasingly difficult to keep focused on the road. 

I adjusted myself in the seat so that I'd be in a more relaxed position. As I leaned back some, this allowed Victoria more hand room to play. I wasn't going to resist. A beautiful woman was going to give me a hand job while I drive. I'd never experienced anything nearly that exhilarating. 

Her hand rubbed around my bulge for a few moments, feeling my shaft, then down to the cavern of wonders, and back up again. Her fingers moved so smoothly as she unbuttoned and unzipped me, almost in a simultaneous motion. Victoria began to slide her hand loosely up and down my cock through the thin wall of my boxer shorts. I didn't recall ever being that hard before, and the road was becoming more of a blur. 

"Oh yeah," she said in approval, "that feels so nice. Fuck!" After that, she couldn't resist any longer and went for the gold, helping my johnson find his way out of the flap in the boxer shorts. "Oh God! That's nice!" she moaned almost in disbelief, staring at my rod.

"Oh come on," I said, unbelieving, "it's not that big. Just average I guess."

She snapped her eyes at mine and said sternly, "You focus on the road, and I'll focus on the load."

"Yes, ma'am!" I quickly regained composure of my driving (for a moment anyway). 

She began to stroke me very slowly, enjoying it immensely it appeared. So was I, of course, and I could already come if I'd wanted to, but that would prove embarrassing so I resisted for some time. I'd beaten off so much in my young life that I was able to last for long periods of time with hand action. I knew that probably wasn't the case with any other kind of action though.

As we gradually made our way towards Lawton, Victoria began to stroke faster and harder. It was almost like she was playing with a cock for the first time and was finding it as some sort of fucked up lab experiment in Biology class. I could tell that she'd had some experience though; simply by the way she enjoyed my cock so much and handling the strokes. 

By the time we entered Lawton, I was ready to burst. I could tell she sensed that as well because she'd reduced her stroking speed and told me, "Hang on baby, we'll be there shortly. My house is the big red brick one on the left."

"Okay" I sputtered.

As we pulled into the driveway, Victoria had removed her hand from my crotch and gathered her things. As she exited the truck, she told me, "Wait here, I have to check something. Keep your thing warm, have it ready to come."

"Oh, I don't think that will be a problem" I chuckled. She closed the door of the truck silently as I shut the engine off. As she crept towards the house, I couldn't help but wonder what we were hiding from, or who. I didn't care though; I was about to splatter my steering wheel and was doing everything I could to keep from making a mess. 

A few minutes passed and I'd been keeping a steady stroke on my member, just to keep him ready to squirt as Victoria had requested. Finally she exited the house in a regular manner, so I assumed the coast was clear. She came to my window and motioned for me to roll it down.

"Okay, are you ready to come baby?" she asked. I looked down at my crotch and she knew the answer without me saying a word. "All right," she continued, "zip up and meet me around the back of the house. It's just up that way and through the gate." She pointed in the direction she came from.

Victoria ran towards the back yard as I somehow managed to pull my pants back over my cock and zip it up. I jumped out of the truck and walked around the corner of the house. I found her squatting on her knees against a brick wall of the house, topless. Her breasts were as beautiful as I'd assumed. They were perfectly rounded and her nipples stood erect in the bone-chilling cold. 

"Fuck!" I said, looking around as if we were being watched.

"Well, what's the hold up old man? Erectile dysfunction?" she teased.

"You damn well know my peter works fine. I think I proved that in the truck."

"Well get with the show then. Come all over my chest and warm me up."

"Fuck your kinky" I said as I pulled my pants entirely off. I walked over and stood directly above her, her brown eyes looking up at me contently. My dick was still erect, though it'd lost a little of its previous muscle in the cold and all the running around. 

"What the fuck?" she said after a quick rub of my shaft, "You're not ready to come. Oh well, I can fix that." Victoria began to stroke me again, and then without warning she put my cold stick into her warm, wet mouth. It was heaven. It may have been freezing outside, but I was warm all over with this luscious mouth working on my cock. I lost touch with all reality over the next few minutes as I felt warm saliva create an in and out suction against my cock. I don't know how long she sucked on me for, but I felt the burst feeling return to my balls, then find its way to my shaft. I was going to soak her in it.

"I'm gonna come" I managed to say as she sucked away. She spit it out and I stroked myself using her spit as lube to the final seconds. When it was go time, I aimed my stick right at her tits. I felt it work its way to the very tip of my cock, and then went for it all by stroking as hard and as fast as I can. I was moaning loudly, hopefully there were no neighbors around. My warm breath produced a lot of steam from my mouth and nose, and I was getting so hot down there that I could feel some coming off my bare ass.

Finally I shot my load, drenching almost every inch of her squeezeables in come. She started moaning wildly along with me, "Oh yeah baby! That's it! Soak my tits! Yeah, that's so warm and good. Oh, fuck!" She held her tits up so that she could absorb every last drop of what I had. When I finished, I was almost in shock so I sunk down to my knees in front of Victoria. She was basking in my creamy goodness, fingering herself with one hand and licking come from her tits with the other. I nearly passed out and almost fell asleep right there. When she'd had enough, she invited me into the house. She put her top back on over all the come, which was now drying into her skin. Then, she helped me back into my pants and I used her as a crutch to make my way into the house. As the door closed behind us, she said, "I'm not done with you yet."