 I dropped my note onto my desk and settled into the very comfortable red seat in the lecture hall. My boyfriend Victor sat next to me fiddling with his phone - probably texting one of his 1000 friends on Facebook. I rolled my eyes at him and nudged him to get his attention. The class hadn't started yet as the professor was late and I was getting seriously bored. 

"Sorry babe. Here check out this article I was reading. The benefits of swallowing semen," he said showing me his cell phone.

Feeling curious I read the article. Apparently semen is a natural anti-depressant, anxiety reliever and it improved memory, concentration, alertness and energy.

"It is fascinating! I should test it out don't you think?" I replied coyly, my fingers toying with the top button of his light blue shirt. Victor's cheeks tinged pink at that comment. I guess he never really expected that response from me. We have been dating for two weeks and we really haven't moved past second base. I was tired of waiting but Victor seemed to be a little shy. I wondered if he was still a virgin. His soft silky brown mop of hair was sticking up at the sides. I patted them down and ran my fingers through his hair, messing it up again. Victor's breath hitched and his warn brown eyes bore into mine with desire and a hint of hesitation. 

"I...," he stuttered for a reply. I cut him off by pressing my lips to his. He tasted like coffee which he drank before coming to class. His lips moved against mine and ran his hand through my hair and settled on the nape of my neck pulling me closer. His other hand was exploring the exposed skin at my waist. I shuddered as his thumb ran over my belly button. I moved over and sat on his lap deepening the kiss. I could feel his hardness rub against my thigh and I moaned softly into his mouth.

"Good morning class!" said the professor standing on the podium with his presentation displayed on the screen. I groaned in frustration, feeling incredibly horny right now. Thankfully we were sitting in the last row and no one was paying attention to us other than a few nosy classmates. 

"We'll finish this later," Victor promised. I smiled at him as I crossed my legs over to ease my discomfort.

"Today we will be discussing the Anatomy of the Male Reproductive System," said the professor Dr. Samuel cheerfully earning titters from the audience.

Dr. Sam smiled at that, "Yes I know you are excited about this topic and I am sure a lot of you are a lot more familiar with this system than I am," this earned him a lot more giggles in return. I glanced over at Victor and saw his cheeks flushed. I glanced down to see the very prominent bulge in his pants. I ached to run my hands over it and cause him to moan but Victor had already opened his note and uncapped his pen to start taking notes. I sighed in annoyance and glanced at the projector screen. We were starting with the anatomy of the penis and I nearly yawned at the boring 2D image of the male penis. 

Suddenly I had an idea to make things interesting. I caught Victor's eye and gave him a sly smile.

"What are you planning Carly? Whatever it is I know I'm not going to agree to it. So stop it!" he hissed at me.

"Don't worry Vic, I'm going to make things interesting and I promise it will be an enlightening experience!" I said and slipped under the desk before he could say anything. The desks were large enough for me to sit comfortably between Victor's leg and nobody could see me underneath it. It was the perfect cover. My hands rubbed the slightly deflated bulge till it was at full mast.

"What are you doing?" Victor whispered furiously at me though his body told a different story. I ignored him and concentrated on unzipping his pant and pulling out his cock and balls.

"The length of the average human penis is about 3 - 4 inches in its flaccid state and about 5 - 6 inches in its erect state," I heard the professor say.

I examined Victor's cock and estimated it longer than 5 1/2 inches. I tentatively touched the tip of his cock and felt the precum leaking out of it. Victor hissed at my touch. I smiled at that and looked up to see him watching me and trying to listen to the lecture at the same time.

"The penis can be divided into the root, body and head or the glans. The glans is one the most sensitive parts of the body," the professor continued. I studied Victor's thick and fleshy cock and ran my finger over a vein. His head or glans was dark reddish purple and throbbed under my touch. 

"This is a fun way to learn Anatomy, isn't it?" I asked him smiling wickedly as continued to stroke his cock.

"No...," he moaned softly in pleasure. 

I brought my face close to his cock and licked its head. Victor inhaled sharply at that, "Don't" he feebly protested but I could see his pupils dilated in desire. 

I took more of his cock in my mouth and Victor's hips bucked as he tried thrusting his cock further into my mouth. I groaned softly and saw his breath speeding up. Soon my nose was near his pubes and I inhaled his musty scent feeling very turned on myself. My panties were dripping wet. I felt overpowered having control over my boyfriend like this. I moved my mouth back and forth over his shaft which was now slick with my saliva.

"The perineum is the place between the scrotum and the anus. It is an erotogenic zone in certain individuals," I gleaned this valuable piece of information from the professor and fondled his balls squeezing them lightly and touched the perineum. I felt Victor's thighs trembling under my touch. I continued tormenting him, simultaneously sucking his cock and squeezing his balls. Victor's face was now flushed red. 

"I'm cumming!"he suddenly whispered to me and I could feel his abdominal muscles clench tightly before he shot his sperm into my wide open mouth. I swallowed it after all I would've been stupid not to after learning all the health benefits of semen. I licked my lips and wiped my mouth and slowly came out from under the desk and settled back into my seat. Victor watched my actions in a daze. The class was over everyone started to leave. Meanwhile Victor and I were heavily breathing after that incredible experience. 

The class soon emptied and Victor seemed to be in a fugue state. To shake him out of his reverie and to relieve myself, I slid my hand slowly over my chest lightly pinching my nipples through fabric of my chest. My other hand was furiously rubbing my clit and I moaned. Suddenly my hands were pushed aside and I found Victor attacking my mouth with his. His tongue tangled with mine and I felt his hand sharply pinching my nipples. I yelped in surprise into his mouth. 

"Don't ever do that again!" he said furiously. 

"You sure about that?" my breath hitched as he slowly inserted one finger into my warm wet pussy.

He gently nipped at my the base of my throat. "No. But you still should be punished," he replied grinning wickedly at me as he pinched my nipples again. I hissed in pain which changed into a groan of pleasure at the jolt it caused. I guess he was experienced after all. He inserted another finger into my slit and continued to torment me. I started riding his fingers and moaned loudly at the sensation it caused. He silenced me with his wickedly talented mouth. 

I could feel the tension building in my muscles. "Don't stop!" I groaned at him as his fingers moved faster in my pussy. Then he pinched my clit and I came suddenly and screamed in ecstasy as I rode wave after wave of pleasure.

Then after I came back from that earth shattering orgasm I leaned against Victor's chest in his warm embrace. 

"Come on. We have to go to our next class," Victor the perfectionist said.

I groaned this time in annoyance and picked up my notes. I glanced back at our seats and smiled.

"That was fun! I think this is the first time I actually understood the lesson," I said.

Victor raised a brow at that. "Oh? Is that so? That means we have to do it again sometime. For educational purposes I mean," he stated with a straight face. 

"Yes we totally should," I agreed in all seriousness. Then we both burst out in laughter and left the lecture hall.