 In the office of Police Chief Kurt Crewe, his telephone rings idly nearby. Crewe, sitting in his leather recliner, picks the phone from its cradle at the third ring. Crewe hoists the phone to his ear and speaks.

"Hello," Crewe begins. "This is Police Chief Kurt Crewe. How may I be of assistance?"

"Cut the crap with the formalities," the caller yells. "I call the same time every day, so there's not reason for you to go all professional on me."

"Oh, hello Governor."

"Where are we at with the pictures? Did you find the person responsible?"

"To answer your questions, we have no leads on who took these pictures. And I don't think we will successfully unmask the mysterious photographer, who photographed you and some woman together. Let's just cut to the chase and you can tell who the woman in the picture is."

"How about no, Crewe. The identity of that woman could ruin my career. I know you have the photos in your office right now, Crewe, but I have reason to believe that those are copies of the originals. Even if we do find the person responsible, there's no telling what will happen. If she goes to the papers with these photos, my tenure as this state's governor will be terminated."

"Got ya' Governor."

"No you don't get me. If you find the person responsible for taking these pictures and blackmailing me, you must also recover the original photographs. If you complete this task successfully, I see a big promotion looming in your future. Got me?"

"Yeah."

* * * * *

Johnny Trapper enters the hotel, in which he stayed last night. A rekindling feeling clutches at his stomach, reminding him of the murder he conducted. Trapper killed Kat Dawson, because it was his job. He didn't want to kill her, but he had to. After that murder, Johnny vowed never to accept another contract again, but that all changed when he met with his employer, Paris Leon. Paris is a stunningly beautiful woman, who touched successfully persuaded him to accept one more contract, one offering compensation for the death of Sara Evans, a newspaper reporter with incriminating photographs.

Trapper walks towards the hotel receptionist, and notices that it's a beautiful woman. Her identification tag says 'Liz'. Liz is a strikingly pretty blonde, with her golden locks raised up behind her head, to make her look more professional. Trapper thinks that Liz could look even more beautiful with her lovely hair withdrawn from its present state. Trapper looks Liz in the eye, and gets her to smile that striking smile. 

"Hello, Liz," Johnny says. "I am looking for a Sara Evans, who is residing in this hotel. Could you help me find her?"

"Do you have an appointment." Liz asks.

"Um, no, but I'm really good friends with her," Trapper lies. "Look, I just arrived in town today, and she probably wants to see me. Could you please help me out?"

"I'm sorry, but our hotel policy protects the privacy of its tenants. Its our policy not to divulge the whereabouts, unless the tenants themselves call me, and arrange an appointment. And right now, Sara Evans has no appointments. Not today, and not tomorrow."

'Wow', thinks Trapper. 'A stunning woman with an attitude.' Johnny rests his hand on the receptionist's shoulder and smiles at her. Liz smiles back in an erotic way. 

"Can I help you?" Liz inquires.

"Maybe," Johnny cunningly responds. "Are you in a relationship, by any chance?"

"I don't think that is any of your business."

"Well, I was just wondering because I wanted to take you out to dinner."

"I won't go out to dinner with you. I'm smart enough to figure out that you are manipulating me into revealing information on the location of one of the hotel's tenants. I will not buy into your mediocre story, so go away."

"Come on...."

"Don't 'come on' me. You're manipulative and cunning, and besides, I am in a relationship."

"Are you lying to me, Liz?"

"No, I am not lying to you. And if you don't leave in the next minute, I'll have no other option but to call security to escort you out of the building."

"I'm not leaving."

"So be it," Liz angrily replies. She grasps her telephone and is about to call for security when she notices that the man is gone. She replaces the phone in it's cradle and resumes her work, when Trapper comes from behind and frightens her.

"Thought I left?" Trapper asks.

"I'm calling security." Liz yells.

Johnny twirls her in his direction, and seductively touches her. He softly feels her tender body, without much resistance.

"Get your hands off of me, now!!!" Liz shouts.

Trapper plants an aspiring kiss on her lips, and presses her against her desk. She moans. Liz is wearing a professional blouse with khaki pants, which Trapper wants to remove immediately, and he does. He lifts her blouse over her heads and tosses it underneath the desk. He clasps one of Liz's breasts and without delay, forms his mouth around her nipple, and violently suckles it. In a swift motion, Johnny grabs both of her breasts and rubs them, making Liz more horny than what she is. Liz brings his head towards hers, and they engage in a passionate kiss.

Liz shows her rowdy personality when he hurriedly pounces on Johnny and rips open his shirt, before she licks his muscular upper body up and down. As she's doing this, Johnny is grotesquely arousing her nipples. Liz gets to licking his breasts and eventually gets on her knees and removes his belt, before unbuttoning his pants and pulling them off. She digs into his boxer shorts and retrieves his hard dick, in which she rapidly thrusts into her open mouth, casting her saliva upon it.

"I'm going to make you cum in my mouth." Liz excitingly says.

She withdraws his cock from her mouth and stiffens her grasp on it. Liz settles her wet tongue on the side of the cock, and roughly brushes up against it before inserting the whole thing into her mouth. She pumps the dick deeper into her mouth at every breath, forcing Johnny to gasp on occasion.

"That feels so good." Johnny moans.

Liz whistfully caresses the head of his dick with her tongue, and arouses him into expasperation. Liz thrusts the cock deep into her mouth. and causes him to shake. His hips buckle up and his dick twitches inside her mouth, before his balls draw up together. She knows its coming, and waits for him to spew his sperm all in her mouth, so she can swallow it all.

"I'm gonna cum in your mouth. HERE IT COMES!!!" Liz feels the liquid sensation in her mouth, but some of his cum, she isn't able to take in, thus resulting in her drooling it onto her neck and chest. Johnny withdraws his cock and roughly handles it, before shooting some of his sperm into her open, able mouth. Liz swallows it all with relative ease.

"I want you to lick my pussy and make me wet." Liz erotically says.

"No problem." Johnny responds.

Johnny knocks the phone and some important documents off of her desk, before planting Liz on the desk, on her back. She expands her legs waiting for the robust man in front of her, to pleasure her. Johnny complies by spreading her pussy lips and licks her into ectasy. Her moans are continuous, yet exciting and sexy. Liz is getting aroused, and Johnny feels her being stimulated, thus getting wet. Johnny gets up and grabs a hold of his penis.

Oh, fuck me. Fuck me hard!" Liz screams.

"Oh, I will." Johnny responds.

Johnny inserts his dick into her vagina and immediately begins to thrust. He pushes himself into her gently before rapidly fucking her into pandemonium. Her shrieks and intense and pleasuring at the same time. Liz pushes up against her desk, granting easy access to Johnny, as he grinds deeper into her pussy. 

"Harder. Fuck me harder."

Johnny complies with her wishes as he grabs a hold of the table, to give himself more leverage in fucking her pussy. She clasps her legs around his magnificent body in an attempt for Johnny to inch deeper and deeper inside of her. It works and she gasps and moans like crazy. Johnny wants to hit her G-spot, to make Liz moan louder than she has ever. He pushes harder and harder. Liz's screams are getting louder and louder, until she finally gasps with sheer intensity, and that is when he knew that he hit her pleasure point. He slowly withdraws from her and smiles.

Liz is sweating like a pig, but gets on her feet, to plant herself onto the desk, getting on all fours, planting her perfectly sculpted ass in front of Johnny's hard cock. She positions her hands on her ass waiting to pull the dick into her ass, by herself. Johnny gets closer and places the head on the ridge of her asshole. Liz slightly moans. She grabs a hold of his dick and slowly intrudes her ass with it. Then Liz clasps the border of the desk, to be able to push her ass onto his dick farther. To Liz, it feels sensational and erotic. Johnny's dick is already wet due to the pussy fucking, so his dick slides into her anus with ease. 

"Ooooh..." Liz moans.

Johnny begins to pump his dick faster in her ass, making her shout at the top of her lungs. He is going so fast that his balls are ramming into Liz's ass. As his dick is protruding in her ass, Liz decides to pleasure herself. She sticks a few fingers into her pussy to begin her own pleasurable satisfaction. Liz is getting wetter and wetter by the second.

"I'm gonna cum in your ass, Liz. Are you ready?" Johnny shouts.

"Shut up, fucker, and do it already. 

Aaaaaaaaaah...I'm cumming." Liz shrieks.

At one last thrust, Johnny's dick sprays Liz's inside walls with his oozing cum. He slowly slips his cock from her ass, and strokes it until he releases some more semen onto her ass. He then grapples her, with his arms and hands caressing her breasts.

"That felt so good." Liz says.

Liz grabs her clothes and rushes towards the nearest restroom.

"So are we on for dinner tonight?" Liz asks. "Absolutely." Johnny replies. "We'll make the plans when you get dressed."

Liz quickly nods her approval and rushes off. In her absence, Johnny puts on his clothes, before messing around on the receptionist's computer. And in a matter of seconds, the name 'Sara Evans' shows up on the monitor. Suite 2A. Johnny tightens his belt around his pants and heads upstairs towards Suite 2A, knowing that he'll never see the cute receptionist again.

* * * * *

Detectives Shawna Taylor and Art McKendrick are following their lead from Ray Zane to a street roamer named Robbie, who supposedly resides in the allies surrounding the prestigious hotel, where Kat Dawson, the victim, was last seen. Shawna and Art are driving in their state-bought car, trying to identify the boy named Robbie.

"By the way," Art begins. "How did you get it out of him? The name I mean."

"What do you mean?" Shawna asks.

"I mean when me and you were both in there, he wouldn't talk any sense. But I leave, and a half hour later, you have the name 'Robbie'. Man, how'd you do it?"

"Good interrogation skills."

"Whatever. What's the physical description of this Robbie, anyway?"

"He's supposed to have shaggy, medium-length hair. This Robbie supposedly wears a cardinals baseball cap and a raincoat all the time. So we should be able to spot him pretty easily."

"Yeah, if what Ray said is true."

After a few minutes of circling the hotel in the quest to find Robbie, Shawna finally spots a kid with a cardinals cap and wearing a raincoat lurking out of a dark alley. Art immediately stops the car, and the two detectives get out. Robbie, who at the site of the two cops, flees, running down the alley in fear. Shawna waits at the car, while Art chases the kid down the alley. A tall fence is blocking the way, but Robbie tries to jump over it, but to no avail. Art grabs the kid by the throat and leads him to Shawna.

"We presume you are Robbie. Is that correct?" Shawna seductively says.

"I didn't do nuttin'." The kid responds.

"Answer the damn question!" Art yells. "Is your name Robbie?"

"Yeah."

"Good. We just spoke to your good pal, Ray Zane. We are investigating the murder of a young woman, who was killed in the hotel you live by. Ray says that you watch the hotel constantly, and would know if anybody was stalking the woman."

"Yep. I watch the hotel, but I dun't know what the woman look like, so I'm useless."

"Here's a picture." Shawna hands him a photograph of Kat Dawson.

"She pretty fucking hot! But I see her a lot. I didn't know she were dead, though. Whenever she would leave the hotel, a tan-skinned man would always be behind her. Every single time. Kinda like he was stalking her."

Art interrupted Robbie. "Do you know the man's name?"

"Nope."

"Damn. Now we have no fucking leads. All we have is a darker skinned man, with no identity, who stalked the woman for days before she was killed. Let's go report in to Crewe."

Art and Shawna open their car doors, before Robbie rushes towards them.

"What do you want?" Art angrily says. 

"I don't know the man's name, but..." Robbie says.

"You already told us that you didn't know his name, so fuck off."

"You never let me finish. You don't need his name, because that same man walked into the hotel a little less than an hour ago."

Detectives Shawna Taylor and Art McKendrick quickly glance at each other and rush towards the building where their esteemed killer is awaiting them.