 I rolled over and stretched, arching my back and working out all the excess sleepiness before laying on my side and stroking my pussy lips softly. As usual, I had woken up before my alarm had gone off. I looked around my apartment. I had been back in college a month or so (more than likely the or so, I hadn't switched my calendar over for a while) and was falling into my old habits. Namely waking up early, hanging out all morning, hitting up maybe one class a day and then crashing either in my apartment or in a friend's dorm after a particularly interesting party.

I looked over at the wall across from me, covered only by my desk and chair and an old poster. My roommate had moved out a few weeks ago, complaining that I didn't let her sleep enough and she had no time to study. God that girl was such a drag. I was in the process of looking for other roommates but until then, I had the apartment all to myself. My parents had rented it for me (it was the only place near the college that would actually rent to a college student) on the condition that I find responsible roommates to help share the rent. It consisted of 3 bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, and 2 bathrooms (one between two bedrooms and the other between a bedroom and the living room). What can I say, my mother and father wanted the safest apartment they can find, and this was the only one that matched their qualifications.

I sat up and moved my feet onto the floor, letting them scratch the top of the blue gray carpet before stepping down and yawning. I went to the bathroom between my room and the next, stretching. Thanks to my sleepy eyes and off balance body I almost fell off the toilet and pissed in the trash can but I righted myself at the last minute.

I peed and headed back into my room, crashing on my bed. I laid there face down for about 20mins before sitting up again. Next to my bed was my personal TV (I refused to leave home without it, even though the apartment came fully furnished and had one of those huge plasma TVs mounted to the living room wall) tilted to face my bed. My PS2© was connected but nothing was in it, mainly because I got in extra late last night. My clothes were in a crumbled heap on the floor by my desk. I walked over and sorted my cell phone out of the pile, hit a number and turned on the speakerphone, resting my phone on the desk so I could move around.

"Hey baby. What's up?" I grinned even though I knew he couldn't see it.

"Hey cuz. How you doing?" I started poking around my room.

"I'm just sitting here thinking about you." Jeff said. I could imagine him now. He was probably getting ready for work, getting ready to get into the shower. The thought of him naked under the water made me squeeze my legs together. I've been needing Jeff to fuck me for weeks now. I had been looking around the college but I couldn't find anyone who could do it just right.

"You still coming to see me tonight?" I asked whining a little. I could almost hear the grin he was making.

"Would I pass up a perfectly good chance to lick, dick, and see you?" He said in just the right tone. That just above a whisper but soft enough to make me strain my ears.

"That's what I was hoping you'd say..." I answered back. "Hit me up when you're close tonight. I'll... guide you in" I laughed down low.

"I'll be there." He hung up then. I fell back onto my bed, stroking my lips. After hearing his voice and knowing the fuck that was coming... I desperately needed to cum. I spread my legs, letting my fingers feel out my clit but not letting them slide inside me. I was going to save that for Jeff.

I was getting close. I had rolled over, my ass cocked out into the air as my fingers worked at my clit, moaning and breathing into my pillow. Sweat was pouring down my back, cool droplets running over my skin and making me shiver. My other hand was pinching my left nipple, rolling it so I could feel the twinges all the way down in my pussy. I was promising myself an earth shattering orgasm when the apartment phone began to ring.

I ignored it, figuring it was just one of those telemarketers or something. Sure enough, when my machine clicked over the person hung up. I resumed my pace. I was on the edge of cumming when I heard my cell go off. Whoever it was, it must be important. I rolled over and hit the button.

"Hello?" I said, sitting up.

"Hi. Can I speak to Sanaa'?" a soft voice answered.

"Speaking."

"I'm calling about the apartment. The ad said you needed two roommates?"

"Yeah." I said, rolling my eyes. This was only about the apartment? God, this could have waited.

"Well, myself and my friend Dylan have been looking for an apartment. I'm pretty close by. Could I take a look at it?"

"Sure. Come by in about half an hour." I said, standing up and heading towards my bathroom. "Can I ask your name?"

"It's Teresa." The girl said.

"Ok. C'ya then."

Exactly half an hour later there was a knock at my door. I looked out the peephole. So this was Teresa. She was shorter than my 5'10, maybe about 5'7. Brown eyes, black hair, dusky skin. I had heard the hint of a Spanish accent in her voice when she had called. I pulled the door open.

"Hello."

"Hi. I'm Teresa." The girl said, smiling. "I called a while ago"

"Yeah, I remember. I'm Sanaa." The girl smiled again.

"This apartment is in both mine and Dylan's price range. I'd love to take a look around." She said. "We both go to the college. In fact, I think you're in my sociology class." I raised an eyebrow and looked at her. "Well, not everyone is named Sanaa. Plus, you wore those low cut booty shorts the other day and all the guys were looking at you, and" she started to blush. I laughed.

"Girl, I don't bite." I said, letting her come in. "Get comfortable."

A while later it was decided that she and her friend would move in over the next two days.

"Dylan will probably start coming tonight." She said. "He's that type of person." I stopped. I hadn't been aware that Dylan was a guy. Stupid unisex name! If my momma found out...

"I'm just going to take our keys and go. Thanks again Sanaa." Teresa said, walking out. I watched her as she left.

"She's pretty." I told Nisi on the phone later. "Really good looking. Tight body, firm ass" I was in the bathroom, getting into the shower. Nisi was on speakerphone on the apartment line.

"Prettier than me?" Nisi said, over exaggerating the pout in her voice. I giggled.

"Nisi, girl get over yourself." I walked back over to the phone. "Anyway, I'm climbing in the shower. Let me give you a shout later."

"Cool Sanaa. Later baby." She hung up. I stepped into the shower, turning the hot on as high as I could stand it. The bathroom had it's own sound system, thanks to my ingenious placing of 2 computer speakers hidden where the tissue dispenser should have been and behind my collection of body sprays and lotions. All that was visible were the cords leading to each other and my portable cd player. This was always turned up as loud as possible and I sang along with it as loud as I could, always.

Jeff should be arriving soon. My pussy got hot just thinking about it. I licked my lips as I showered, soaping every part of my body, paying extra attention to my pussy, touching up and feeling for hair anywhere it was unwanted. When I finished I turned off the shower then the music, reaching for my towel I stopped to check myself in the mirror. My ass was high and my breasts were firm. I turned to the side to try for the full effect of my booty. Uh huh... that ass had it goin on!

I laughed at myself. My ass was always my favorite feature. I turned to the other side to check it out and I heard the door behind me click and push open. I turned, whirling with a shriek and pulling my towel up with one hand, my other hand balling into a fist as I got into the ready position.

A guy stood sheepishly on the other side of the door. He was a bit taller than me, had green eyes and black hair that hung in his eyes, and a crooked smile he was flashing me apologetically. I raised an eyebrow.

"I'm Dylan." He said, dropping his toothbrush and other miscellaneous bathroom items on the counter. "Teresa gave me directions over."

"So why are you pushing your way into my bathroom?" I asked, tucking the towel around myself.

"Because Teresa called the other room." Dylan smiled again. He was pretty decent looking, cute, in fact. "I'm not in too often anyway. I have a tight school and work schedule."

"Uh huh... so you'll be here how long tonight?" I wanted him out. Jeff was coming and I needed this last night to get mines good.

"Just for a little while. I've got to bring more stuff up from my car and then I'm heading back out."

"Alright." I said, sighing. "hurry up." I stepped out of the bathroom and into my bedroom. I dropped my towel and pulled up a pair of tiny blue boy shorts with a wifebeater. I couldn't be bothered to pull on any lingerie, and knowing Jeff, he'd be more into me this way than having to fool with so many buttons, snaps, and hooks.

I walked out of my room and into the kitchen, looking for a snack. I passed Dylan on the couch, ignoring him. Why was he still here? I searched through the fridge and sighed. I hadn't gone shopping this week. I'll do it in the morning.

As I was walking back towards my room, the phone rang. I went over and sat on the edge of couch arm.

"Hello?"

"Hey baby."

"Oh Jeff. You're close?"

"You're not going to believe this Sanaa'." I could hear it in his voice. My heart sunk. "I can't make it. Hunter borrowed my car after work and he just called me to tell me he won't be home until tomorrow sometime. Then my boss calls and asks me to fill in at the garage tomorrow because one of the guys called in sick today and he doesn't think they'll be in tomorrow." During the off season at the pool, Jeff worked with a mechanic who knew his dad.

"At least you'll get overtime." I said half heartedly.

"I'd rather be with you... my dick is aching just hearing your voice. Sanaa'..." he paused. "I promise I'll be there next weekend."

"Ok Jeff." I tried to hide the hurt in my voice. "I'll be waiting." I hung up. I couldn't bear to hear anything else. I sat there for a minute before Dylan said something behind me. "What?"

"I said could you move your ass? You're sitting on my hand."

"You couldn't have said this before!" I yelled. I was so annoyed just then.

"You were kinda preoccupied."

"Yeah whatever. You were just hoping for a feel. All guys are the same." I turned and went into my room, slamming the door before falling on my bed and crying.

"I really think he's fucking her..." I said, picking up a carton of milk and putting it in my cart. I was on the phone with Nisi, who was trying to console me as I was shopping. I had told her about Jeff a few weeks ago, and far from being disgusted she was excited for me and had asked when she could join in.

"Who?"

"Shari..." I sighed. I had woken up and that's all that had been on my mind. I pushed the cart halfheartedly through the store, absentmindedly picking up what I needed as I talked to Nisi. "I mean, I can't think of any other reason... That's twice he's done that to me."

"Girl, you're probably reading to far into this." Nisi sighed. "Besides girl, don't you already know I can lick that cat as good as he can?" I smiled in spite of my self.

"Yeah girl, I know you can." I shook my head. "I just... I don't know." Nisi sighed.

"You'll be alright. We've been through shit like this together, and we always take care of the body afterwards, don't we?" I laughed.

"Yeah Nisi."

"Anyway, I'ma call you back in a bit. I've got hair to do and the girl's coming out from under the dryer now."

"Later Nisi."

"Later boo." I hung up. I had finished my shopping and after paying and an uneventful drive home, I was tired. Packing the groceries was no big thrill either. It wasn't until I went into my room and then the bathroom that I made a noise.

"Dylan you bastard!" I yelled. The whole place was a mess. There were dirty clothes, towels, pools of water and every other thing. I slammed open the door to his room, not even sure whether or not he was in there.

"What the fuck?" He jumped off of his bed. He had been lying down, reading. I stood at the entrance to his room.

"You're not even completely moved in yet and you're already leaving your shit all over the place!" I said, cocking my head to the side. "What the hell?"

"Calm the hell down!" Dylan stood up. "I was going to pick it up in a minute."

"Pick it up as soon as you drop it." I put my hand on my right hip and as usual my right foot slipped out so that I was leaning slightly. "I ain't gonna deal wit this now!" I turned and slammed the door behind me.

That night, Teresa came in and sat on the foot of my bed. I was curled up near my pillow, holding the controller to my Super Nintendo©. I had pulled it out to play legend of Zelda™. I loved it because as easy as I think it could be, it still managed to outsmart me sometimes.

"Que Pasa Sanaa?" She said, cocking her head to the side. I sat up and looked at her.

"Hey Teresa, what's up?" I paused the game.

"What's with you? Dylan says you keep jumping at him."

"It's not his fault." I sighed. "he just seems to be around whenever something bad happens."

"And you just take it out on him?" She asked, touching my knee with her hand.

"Yeah, I guess." I noticed her fingers then, playing along the underside of my leg where it met the bed. I moved my leg a little, spreading them slightly to see what she would do.

Teresa moved her fingers a little higher on my leg, towards my thighs. "But Dylan hasn't really done anything to you?"

"No." I said, spreading my legs a little more as her fingers traveled higher. "It's just been a case of the wrong place at the wrong time." Her fingers were now just under the hem of my shorts, dipping in slightly and pushing at my thigh. I licked my lips slightly.

"Oh... that's good..." she smiled, and, giving my leg one last caress she stood up. "I'm going to go tell him. Gracias Sanaa'."

"Anytime..." I watched her leave, her ass wiggling.

"If I don't get some soon..." I said to myself, turning back to my game. "I'm going to go mad!"

I woke up late the next morning, about 4 in the afternoon to be sure. I had been up until 5 the previous night, owing to my failing reflexes and Zelda getting harder and harder as I got sleepier and sleepier. I did my usual morning routine and then headed into the kitchen. I pulled open the fridge and cabinets, settling on spaghetti, tomato sauce, and a salad. I felt like an actual meal for once.

I started the spaghetti, then turned to the tin of spaghetti sauce. I always got the unseasoned stuff, I preferred to do my own seasoning, if not make my own sauce. I took out some garlic cloves and cut them, then started to smash them with the flat of the knife, humming to myself. It was then that Dylan walked into the room.

"Hey Sanaa." He said behind me. I turned. He was leaning against the table, hands in his pockets. He was smiling a little.

"Hey Dylan. I said, scraping thegarlic into a bowl and going over to the sink to rinse my knife and hands.

"Whats up?"

"Nothing, just doing some cooking." I said, pulling out a bag of mushrooms. "I'm making extra, so you and Teresa can join me if you want."

"Cool." He came up beside me to look at what I had so far. "What's this?" He pointed at the garlic.

"Garlic. Didn't your momma ever cook for you?" I said, picking up a mushroom and starting to slice at it.

"I've never seen it fresh." He picked up the bowl. It was one of the small glass bowls my momma had given me for my apartment.

"Oh Shit!" I knew it had happened before it happened. Dylan dropped the bowl. I looked over at him.

"What the fuck!" I yelled, too annoyed to even grab the broom. "goddamnit! Why do you make a mess wherever the hell you go!" I turned my back from him. "Just leave the damn kitchen!" I heard the glass behind me move. I figured he had gone until he stepped up behind me.

"Why the hell are you always taking everything out on me?"

"You just broke my bowl!" I said with a snarl, stabbing through the mushroom. "You're always fucking something over!"

"Fuck! I've had just about enough of you."

"Fuck you." I said, pushing aside the mushroom I had already cut and reaching for another. Dylan reached out and grabbed the end of my hair. "Let me go."

"Fuck no." Dylan said, gripping my hair harder and pulling my head back.

"Dylan, let me go!" I said again. I felt the familiar fluttering in my pussy. Fuck! Is everything turning me on now? I raised the knife a little, just as a threat. His other hand came out and slammed my knife hand onto the counter.

"Fuck you..." he said it again, this time in a harsh whisper. I gasped again as he pulled my head back and crushed his lips to mine.

My next words were indeterminable as my lips were against his and I reached back to hit him anyway I could. He kept the pace slow however, and pulled me slowly into it to the point where I was gripping at his back and ass, trying to get him closer to me.  

He settled himself on my ass, grinding against me slowly. I moaned softly, pushing my hips and ass back on him to the most seductive reggae rhythm ever written.

His hand traveled the side of my body, stopping at my hip as he tangled my hair around his fist and started to kiss my neck. I slid my arms behind me, sliding my fingertips into the waist of his shorts and pressing down lightly. He gave a grunt as I did this, and I grinned. His hand slid up my body then, stopping to squeeze my breasts before sliding underneath my wifebeater. He felt each breast before stopping to play with the nipples, pinching and rolling them beneath his fingers as he started to whisper shrewd nothings in my ears.

"Does she like it like this?" he whispered. I gasped in response. "oh she does does she... what about this?" my head fell back against his shoulder. "she likes that too..." He slid his fingertips into the waistband of my shorts, the same as I had done to him, with the exception that he headed down further, stopping where he could drag his fingers lazily through my pussy hair, touching my lips.

He leaned down and bit my neck softly as he lifted my foot to the countertop, and then he slid two fingers inside of me. I cried out in pleasure as he started to massage me from the inside out, his fingers searching out every part they could discover. He started to pump them in me slowly as I gripped onto the counter for support. His thumb flicked over my clit and my knees shook every time. He kept up the lazy pace.

"Little tickles..." he whispered in my ear. "little tickles for a naughty little girl..." He kept it up, pressing my clit harder to the point where my legs were giving out underneath me before I came.

"Did the little girl soil her panties?" Dylan asked. He picked the knife up off the counter. My whole body went rigid as I felt the cold steel on my back. He then cut into my shorts and panties, ripping them off of me. I moaned as I felt the rush of cool air on my pussy, and Dylan laughed lightly as he heard me.

I heard him drop his shorts to the ground, and he slapped my ass as he spread my legs, bending me over the counter. He angled himself underneath me and directed the head at my lips. I moaned as I felt the head tickling me slightly, then he entered me with one quick thrust. I gasped. The boy was hung!

He held me there for a second, letting my pussy get used to him before balancing himself on the counter with his hand thrusting into me. I could feel him deep inside of me, pushing deftly at my womb and beyond as I pushed my hips back against him. My ass slapped against his front as he drilled me. His balls smacked against me as I moaned, gripping his ass and back. He let go of my hair and pulled me against him by my hips, bringing me back to meet his every stroke on my pussy.
