 You knew you had to get to the store, get in and out, and get back home. Company was coming but you wanted a good video to have on hand before they got there. As you entered the store and looked around, you couldn't believe your eyes. It had been awhile since you were in here, but now it had gotten 50 times bigger. So many more to choose from, wow. 

As you stand there looking at it all, I walk up to you and ask if I may help you find something. You look at me. Suddenly your eyes light up and you remember me. We had met in a chat room at one time and sent pictures back and forth to each other. Sure you say, and tell me that you would like something really sexy and x-rated. I smile and tell you to follow me. Of course you do, and I lead you to the back section where there is only 1 other guy looking at the videos. As I turn to ask if there was anything specific you were thinking about, I notice that you are watching my legs. I am wearing a mini skirt so I am not surprised. Your eyes finally start to wander up my body, but land on my breasts. I am smiling to myself, thinking of all the possibilities. 

Suddenly your head jerks up and your eyes meet mine. I catch myself actually blushing and you give a short laugh. I look around for the other man and find that he has gone now and we are alone. You look around too and come to the same conclusion; we are indeed alone in this section. You look back at me and our eyes meet. We look deeply into each other and find mutual lust lurking inside one another. 

You take a step closer to me as I, at the same time, take a step towards you. As we meet, our arms go around each other in a not so innocent embrace. You whisper sweet things in my ear that you know turn me on. I smile and lean back a little to see your eyes. The want I have in my own eyes are reflected in yours. You lean forward and as our tongues play you reach down and grip my ass, pulling me even closer. Your hands then slip on down to the hem of my skirt and I feel it rising. My hands are around your neck, running my fingers through your hair. When you hands get to where my panties should be you let out a groan of pleasure to find I have none on. 

I can tell you want me as badly as I want you. I can feel your cock through your pants and it is so very hard. I reach down and put my hand around it and squeeze, making you groan again. Your hand moves around to the front of me and you can feel how wet I am already. Your finger slips between my wet pussy lips and finds my clit. It is sticking up and so very tender now. You gently rub it and I groan. Stepping back slightly, your other hand goes to my tits. The nipples are standing out so you can see them clearly through the fabric of my blouse and bra. Pulling my blouse up, you bend down and taste the material of my bra. I release you long enough to undo my bra and your mouth immediately finds a nipple. 

Reaching back down I undo your pants and push them down, your cock bounds out with ideas of its own and I grab it and start pumping it. One of your fingers finds its way into my vagina and I thrust my hips at you. Now two fingers go in and I'm beside myself with desire. You are squirming also, your cock so hard, your balls full of your manhood, waiting to be released. 

You sit in a chair that is close and I straddle you and sit slowly down, facing you. You thrust yourself up into me, making me catch my breath for a moment. Now we start riding each other. 

Suddenly I stand up. You are too stunned to say or do anything. 

Before you can respond in any way, I turn around and sit back down on your throbbing stick and start riding you with my back to you. Your penetration is deeper now. All the way in. You reach around me and while one hand is playing with my tits, the other one plays with my clit. We are trying to stay quiet, but we groan together. Suddenly I stiffen on you and you feel the spasms start to rip through my whole body. That in turn starts you cumin and I feel you squirting far up inside of me. Finally it eases but I stay sitting there. You reach up and nibble on my neck. I turn my head and we share a deep, long French kiss. I stand and tell you I need to go clean up. You ask when I get off work and I tell you in 15 minutes. When you invite me over, I know that after the company leaves, we will make a video of our very own...