 I am a college student who works a late shift at a local video rental store. The owner of the store knows me pretty well, therefore he allows me to close down the store by myself so that I can study in the back office after store hours.

One evening, it was just a few minutes before closing time. I had just put up the “closed” sign and was waiting for one last customer to bring up her video for checkout. She was a very pretty blonde girl I had frequently seen around campus. She wore a pair of tight spandex workout shorts, a short T-shirt that bared her midriff, and an open jogging jacket. She seemed nervous as she brought her tape up to the counter. She nervously handed me the tape and blushed slightly. I looked at the tape so I could sign it out on the computer system and realized why she was uncomfortable; it was an adult movie! 

I smiled at her and said, “This is a very interesting selection, lots of action.” She seemed to blush a little bit more as she explained to me she had never seen an adult movie before and wanted to see what one was like after a discussion during one of her classes. I found myself becoming a little turned on at the thought of this cute girl watching a porno flick. I then had an idea. “Look, why don’t you watch it on the TV here. That way you won’t have to be embarrassed by taking the tape back to your place. Plus you’ll probably have more privacy to watch it here than you will back at your room. I’ll just be in the back office working, and you can just let me know when you’re done, so I can lock up.”

She agreed, so I set up the tape for her so she could watch it on the big screen TV while I went to the back room to work. I could hear the sounds of the people on the tape fucking while I was in the back room. I could feel my cock get hard as I looked out at the girl as she watched the movie. She seemed to be getting turned on by the movie as she shifted about in her seat. I decided to go out to watch the movie with her because I was getting too turned on to study. 

“How are you doing out here? Do you like the movie?” I asked her as I came out of the office.

“It’s pretty hot. I have to admit its turning me on.” She said. Then she smiled and said, ”My name’s Jen. I’ve seen you around school.” Her eyes made contact with my crotch. She could tell I had a full arousal in my pants. “I can see you’re getting turned on by this too.” 

“I’m Steve. Yeah. I don’t see too many beautiful girls rent movies like this.” I felt nervous and excited as I moved over to her, hoping she was wanted the same thing I wanted. She stood up out of the chair when I was in front of her. I pressed my body against hers and starting kissing her neck. We were both breathing heavy. I moved toward her mouth and kissed her on the lips. I could feel her soft moist tongue enter my mouth and move slickly against my tongue and the roof of my mouth. I pressed my crotch against hers, trying to relieve my aching cock.

“Touch my body.” she moaned. I pulled off her T-shirt to reveal her pert breasts. I gently caressed them with my fingertips. Her nipples were hard, and I began to lick them. I flicked my tongue over one nipple while I gently squeezed her other breast with my hand. I could hear her groan as I gently bit and sucked her tit. I could feel her body start to shake. I then started to work her spandex shorts down. She helped me pull them down to reveal her pussy. She had wispy, short blonde pubic hair. I moved my hand down her tight belly, over her soft pussy hair onto her clit. I could feel her pussy was already wet as I started to finger her. My cock was throbbing and I wanted to fuck her. With my free hand I unzipped my jeans and started to work them down while I kept on fingering Jen’s wet pussy. 

“I want to see that big hard cock of yours.” said Jen.

I took off my pants and shirt. We stood there for a moment, completely nude in front of each other, my stiff cock pointing straight up like a compass needle.

“Nice cock. I think there’s no question now that we are both turned on.” Said Jen.

I sat down on the chair and Jen knelt in front of me. She held my hard cock in her hand and began to stroke it. She gently squeezed it, causing clear precum to begin to ooze from the tip. She stared at my cock, fascinated to see it getting wet. She then moved her mouth close to my moist cock head, and began to circle the tip of my cock with her tongue. I moaned softly as she licked my cock, running her tongue along the shaft of my cock. She then put her lips around my cock head and sucked my entire cock into her warm mouth. Her lips moved up and down my hard cock and I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold out too long. My hips were rocking back and forth as she sucked my cock. I could feel my balls ache and I knew I was about to cum. My orgasm shot in long white streams on her lips and nose. 

She smiled and said, “Now its my turn.” 

We traded places on the chair. She sat down with her legs spread wide as I knelt in front of her. I started by kissing her furry little patch, moving down to her clit. I started by licking her clit, then traced her pussy lips with my tongue. I moved back to her clit, gently sucking it into my mouth while using my tongue to play with it. I could hear her moan, and looked up to see her playing with her nipples. Her pussy was so wet. I began to slide two of my fingers in and out of her pussy while I licked her. She fucked back on my fingers with her hips. 

She whispered, “ Fuck me, oh yes that feels good.” 

This encouraged me to keep licking and fucking her with my fingers. I was getting hard again and it didn’t take very long for my cock to become completely stiff. I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to feel her warm, wet pussy on my hard cock. I stood up in front of her. She could see my prick was erect again. 

“Mmm, I’m ready for that.” She said. 

I moved my hips over her dripping pussy, so I could give us both what we wanted. I started to slowly slide my cock into her pink pussy. I could feel her jump a little and hear her moan as I penetrated her. I started to slowly slide in and out of her hot love box. It felt so good. We were both breathing hard, and we both started to sweat as I fucked in and out of her pussy a little faster. She spread her legs wider and pulled her knees up to her chest so I could fuck her even deeper. While I fucked in and out of her, I rubbed her clit with my thumb, which drove her completely wild. I could feel her body start to quake and her slick little fuck hole tighten around my prick as she started to cry out”I’m starting to cum.” 

At that same time I could feel my abdomen start to tighten and my cock started to really tingle. I pulled my cock out of her, slick with her love juice as I shot several streams of white cum on her thin patch of blonde pubic hair. Her body still quivering from her orgasm. 

He hugged and kissed each other for a couple of minutes. She then got up and started to get dressed. She then wrote her name and phone number on a piece of scrap paper that was on the counter. 

“Call me.” She said, “I’d like to help you out with more of your studying.” 

You can be sure I will be calling her very soon for some “study” help.