 Video Store Sexcapades;

Closing Duties

Amanda glanced at the clock again, relieved to see that it was just about time to lock the door. Normally she wouldn't be by herself in the store at closing time, but her co-worker Candy hadn't been feeling well so Amanda had let her go home early. And to add insult to injury it was Saturday night and work was the very last place she wanted to be. Her friends were expecting her at Callahan's and she had every intention of dancing and drinking until last round tonight.

She rounded the counter on the way to the entrance, thinking to herself that she still had to put away the box of holiday decorations, when a set of headlights danced across the dark blue tile floor. Sighing, Amanda tugged at her skirt, hoping that this last customer wouldn't take too long finding a movie and getting out of the store. 

The bell on the door chimed and Amanda's 'work' smile eased into a real one when her favorite customer entered the store. "Not too late, am I?" He asked hopefully, a twinkle in his eyes.

"Never to late for you," Amanda assured him playfully. Jackson usually stopped in right before closing on his way home from work and she was always willing to keep the store open a few minutes late for him. It didn't hurt that he was sexy as hell and they flirted shamelessly then entire time, either.

"Look at you!" Jackson's eye's roved over her short, black skirt and low-cut red knit shirt appreciatively. "Please tell me that's the new uniform." He said hopefully.

"Not hardly." Amanda laughed. "I'm joining 'Girls Night Out' in progress after I'm done here."

"Those men don't stand a chance." He said, shaking his head sadly.

"Damned right they don't." Amanda slid past him to lock the door. "You know my heart is spoken for anyway." She teased him as she always did that he was the only man for her. 

"Promises, promises," Jackson said laughingly as he headed off to find a movie for the night. "Where's Candy tonight?" He enquired over his shoulder.

"Home sick." Amanda replied as she flipped the closed sign over in the window.

Jackson stopped in front of the newest action title and glanced back at her. "So we're all alone?"

"Alone at last." She winked at him before returning her attention to the box of holiday decorations, knowing that Jackson would let her know when he was ready to leave. Bending over, she hefted the oversized box and wobbled on her 'do me' high heels. The box was much heavier than she had anticipated. "How is it that lights and garland can weigh so much?" Amanda muttered as she made her way to the backroom.

Amanda opened the door and nudged the light switch on with the box, her eyes searching the crowded room for a place to store the decorations until next year. "It figures." She muttered, noticing the only spot available was on a shelf well beyond her normal reach. 

Steeling herself, Amanda pushed the box up toward the empty space, hoping that the extra three inches provided by her heels would be enough to edge the box onto the shelf so that she could then push it into place. Instead, the contents of the box shifted and Amanda squeaked in alarm, silently praying that everything wouldn't end up on the floor.

She heard a deep chuckle behind her and peeked over her shoulder to find Jackson in the doorway watching her with amusement. "A nice guy would offer to help instead of standing there and laughing at me." Amanda scolded.

"I'm not a nice guy." He said even as he moved forward and put a hand up to prevent the box from slipping out of her grasp. "I'm the one your mother warned you about."

"I never listened to my mother anyway." She admitted, grateful that she had her back to him so that he wouldn't notice how her nipples had stiffened at the suggestion in his voice. 

Jackson pushed the box a little further onto the shelf, stepping up close behind her. "Ooh, a rebel. I like that about you." He purred softly, his free hand settling on her hip. Jackson made no move to push the box the rest of the way onto the shelf, seeming content to keep her in this precarious position. Slowly his hand slid up her rib cage before his fingers spread over the side of her breast. "I've always wondered what this room was for." He remarked casually.

"Storage." Amanda gulped hard. God knows that she had fantasized about Jackson enough times, but never had she actually believed that something like this might happen.

"And here I always thought this is where you lured your customers to have your wicked way with them." Jackson zeroed in on the stiff peak and rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Only on Tuesdays and Thursdays." It was all Amanda could do not to drop the box above her. 

"What about Saturdays?" His hand continued its search lower and Amanda felt the moisture pool between her thighs.

"I suppose I could add Saturdays to the list." She whispered breathlessly as his fingers slowly tugged up the hem of her skirt.

"Well what do you know?" Jackson's finger slid past the edge of her panties and between her moist folds. "It's Saturday." 

At this point all Amanda could do was nod because what that finger was doing to her was nothing short of incredible. Leisurely Jackson spread her juices over her labia, teasing her by not actually touching anything that would feel really good. "You know, you're not a very nice girl either." The rough pad of his finger circled closer to her clit. "You send me home every night with a hard on and have never once offered to do anything about it."

Amanda shook her head, trying to shift so that his hand would finally make contact but he moved just out of her reach. "Not very good customer service, is it?" She agreed, a burning ache building deep inside of her.

"You're lucky I don't call your boss." He admonished mock-severely, pressing his body up against her so that she could feel his cock straining against his jeans.

"I don't suppose there is anything I could do to make it up to you?" She offered, subtly rubbing up against the ridge pressed into her backside. "A free rental or something?"

"I'll take the 'or something.'" Jackson pronounced before unexpectedly sliding two fingers into her silken tunnel. 

Amanda gasped when his fingers curled and easily found her g-spot, making that ache inside of her a full-fledged forest fire. When he scraped the pad of his thumb over her swollen nub all she could do was moan her appreciation.

"Like that, did you?" Jackson whispered into her ear. "Let's hit rewind then, shall we?" His thumb repeated the flick at her clit and Amanda tightened around his gifted hand, so close to release that it almost hurt.

"Don't drop the box." He warned her before one last, tantalizing lash sent her crashing over the edge of a mind-numbing orgasm. She struggled to stay upright as his fingers continued their onslaught, adding the grind of his pelvis against her bottom side.

"What kind of movie are you?" Jackson asked gruffly against her ear.

"I'm going to be a comedy because I'm going to drop this damned box all over us real soon." Amanda hissed, need coiling through her body again as his fingers continued to slide relentlessly in and out of her twat.

She felt him smile against her throat. "Actually I was thinking more along the lines of ratings." He gently bit down on her earlobe. "Are you a quick and dirty 'R' rating?" Jackson licked a hot path down her neck. "Or are you a long, drawn out, more naked time 'NC-17'?" He sucked on the exposed skin at the base of her neck. "Or..."

"Or am I a 'monster cum shot' 'X' rating?" She suggested boldly, right now ready to do just about anything this man with the incredible fingers asked of her.

He blew over her moist skin, sending a delicious chill down her spine. "Tell me what you want, Amanda." 

"The cum-shot thing always did seem like a waste to me." Amanda confided. "I've always imagined you surging inside of me, filling me completely, thrusting..."

"You've imagined me, huh?" He teased, his hand holding her against him as he mimicked the motions she had described. "Surging and thrusting and filling..."

Amanda colored slightly. "Only you were a lot more accommodating and got naked and actually did all of that."

"'NC-17' it is then." All at once he shoved the box onto the shelf before turning her and bending her over a nearby table. She heard his belt unfasten and the zipper to his jeans slide down before his hands were on her hips again, his feet nudging her legs further apart. With one quick tear her panties were gone, her 'do me' heels tilting her pussy up to him at an inviting angle.

Without warning he was pushing his cock deep into her, filling her completely. "I can certainly see the appeal to all of this surging and thrusting." He agreed as he pulled back and sank into her again more forcefully. 

Stars exploded behind her eyes as she reached for the far end of the table to brace herself. "Is that the best you've got?" She taunted daringly.

Jackson reached forward and grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling her head back almost painfully. "Cheeky bitch," he growled, slamming into her with renewed force. His free hand roamed up under her shirt, fondling and tweaking her neglected breast. 

"Just providing the type of customer service you deserve." Amanda bit down hard on her lower lip, trying to hold off her orgasm until Jackson was ready to join her. 

His hands found their way back to her hips to hold her in place as he pistoned wildly into her, his balls slapping furiously against her clit. "Now." One last surge and Amanda let go as well, tightening around him, drawing him in even deeper as he emptied his load into her. With a satisfied groan Jackson released her hips, his hands massaging her shoulders tenderly as he leaned over. "You give customer satisfaction a whole new meaning."

"I like to be sure that my customers leave happy." She agreed, enjoying the after-sex massage almost as much as the before-massage sex.

"Next time we'll work on the 'more naked time' part." Jackson promised, nibbling at her neck lazily. 

"I live to serve." Amanda agreed, liking the idea of a next time.

"My kind of girl." He stood up and righted his clothes while she did the same. "Sorry if I made you late for 'Girls night out.'"

"No you're not." She returned with a smile. "I know I'm not." Amanda picked up the DVD he had discarded when she asked for assistance earlier. "I can drink and dance any old time. But making sure my customer leaves happy, now that is much more important."

They both laughed and made their way back up to the front of the store. Amanda decided as she rang up his rental that working on Saturday nights wasn't such a bad thing after all.