 It was late Saturday afternoon and we had all pretty much recovered from the previous night’s activities and were ready to start drinking again. Rob and Suzy’s parents had gone to Pennsylvania for the weekend and, as we usually did when they were gone, we took that as a reason to party. There had been a few other people around the night before, limited by the small size of the apartment, but in addition to Rob and Suzy, only Jim, his girlfriend, Irene, and I were still there.

I don’t know how it happened, but somehow we got on the topic of porn movies and Suzy and Irene both revealed that they’d never seen one. We talked about going to rent one, but nobody likes being seen coming out of the back room at the video shop or facing the clerk with their selection, especially alone. Finally, I said that I would rent one, even using my account, if both Suzy and Irene would accompany me. It could only make me look good renting a skin flick with two women at my side.

We drove up to the video shop and I lead them through the louvered doors into the back room. There was a lot of nervous giggling and discussion of various titles as we all looked around, which could probably have been heard by half of the store. I didn’t care; I wanted people to know that I was in the back room with two babes. Finally we picked out a title based on a recent recommendation by Jim’s brother.

We exited through the louvered doors and almost ran smack into Emily, who was browsing the drama section right outside. I’ve known Emily since we were both very little and had attended Sunday School at the same church. We’d essentially grown up together, going to the same church, until I’d quit attending, and same school, until we’d both graduated. I said hello, wondering what she would make of what she’d just seen, what she’d heard and who she might tell about it.

Once we were out of the store and headed back to Rob and Suzy’s, I didn’t give it much more thought. We got back and once everybody had a drink in hand, we popped the tape in and began to watch. Of course the girls were initially shocked by the extreme close-ups and made sure there was no question of how they felt.

Gradually, though, the room got very quiet as everyone became engrossed. Jim and Irene were on the couch, Rob was in the La-Z-Boy and Suzie and I were (appropriately, it turns out) on the love seat. Because of how the love seat was situated, Suzy was leaning against one arm with her legs on the seat in front of her and I was leaning against her bent legs with my own legs draped over the other arm.

After we’d been watching for a while, I could feel Suzy shifting her legs ever-so-slightly. I wondered if she was starting to feel an itch and decided to take a shot at scratching it for her. With my left hand, which was on the side away from everyone else and against the back of the love seat, I reached back until I felt her thigh. It was summer, so she was wearing shorts, which were actually long and kind of loose. I made my move by sliding my hand into the leg of her shorts, along her thigh. Since Suzy didn’t grab my arm and yank it out, I decided my advances weren’t unwelcome.

I found the edge of her panties and, continuing on, found the mound that they were covering. Running my fingers over the front of her panties, I found it to be very wet so I ran my fingers up and down over it several times. My next step was to slip my hand into her panties along her thigh. Inside, I encountered her bush followed closely by the slickness of her slit. After slipping my fingers up and down it a few times, I was able to slip a finger into her. I tried to brush her clit with my thumb as I pumped my finger in and out but, having some trouble making that work successfully, I slipped my finger free of her hole and gently rubbed it over her clit. I could feel her moving slightly as I stimulated her, so I continued while trying to watch the movie and act as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening.

I figured I’d just keep it up until Suzy stopped me and, sure enough, after a few minutes I felt sort of a shudder pass through her body. Right after that, she grabbed my arm and pulled it free of her shorts as she leaned forward slightly. Whispering in my ear, she told me she’d cum and thanked me. I brought my left hand casually up near my face and sniffed my fingers before sucking the drying juices off of them. She was tasty! I hoped the opportunity to go down on her would present itself at some point.

It was much later that night, after the flick had ended and we were all feeling a bit more toasted, that Suzy found the opportunity to thank me again out of earshot of everyone else. She also said at the very least she’d like to return the favor that night, but hopefully more than just that. I said I’d slip into her room once the place was quiet.

When it looked like everyone was ready to call it a night, Rob went to his room and Suzy to hers while Jim and Irene took over the king sized bed of their parent’s room. That left me with the couch, which I didn’t complain about because I didn’t plan to be there very long.

I probably didn’t even wait 15 minutes before I got up and slipped into Suzy’s room. God bless her, she was lying there on her bed in some sexy dark green lingerie, which I suspect she had just put on. The movie had gotten me pretty aroused and what had already happened between Suzy and me and the anticipation of what was to come had only heightened that arousal. Seeing Suzy lying there, her massive tits barely encased in the lacy, sexy bra, bare legs extending from panties cut high on her hips and her thick brown hair cascading around her shoulders, I was lucky to not already be cumming in my pants. I fumbled with the door lock while my eyes remained fastened to her as she told me in no uncertain terms to strip off my clothes.

I yanked off my t-shirt and pushed my shorts and underwear to my ankles, freeing my rigid cock to point in her direction. Her eyes were riveted to my tool as I crossed to her bed and she reached out to grasp it as climbed on. I lay next to her and we began to make out while she stroked my tool and I fondled her stupendous tits. I reached behind her to unclasp her bra, freeing her beauties, then slid my hand under it to continue caressing them and her hardened nipples. She was fondling my balls and gently stroking my tool when she suggested that I fuck her tits.

She pulled her bra off and tossed it aside as I got up and straddled her ribs, laying my cock between her tits. Her aureoles were huge and her nipples fat and hard. With a hand on the outside of each tit, I pushed them together around my cock and started sliding it in and out from between them. The skin of her tits was so smooth and soft while her tits molded around my rigid tool, causing intensely pleasurable friction. I was brushing my thumbs over her nipples as I looked down at my cock sliding between her tits.

Suzy brought her hands around and grasped the base of my shaft with one and cupped my balls with the other. She was stroking me as I fucked her tits and occasionally brought her lips up to suck my head into her mouth. I started pushing further into her mouth each time she did this and was soon going from fucking her tits to having my cock deep-throated. Finally, I gave up on fucking her tits altogether, though I continued to fondle them, and just kept pushing my cock in and out of her mouth. Suzy didn’t seem to mind and took to sucking my cock with relish, still pumping the base and gently massaging my balls.

It was unbelievable to me that I had not only finally seen Rob’s sister’s big-ass tits, but I had touched and fucked them and was now about to blow a load into her mouth. My cock began to swell as my orgasm approached but Suzy kept her lips wrapped tightly around it. With a grunt, I forced my cock deep into her mouth as I started to cum. She let out a little cry as the first shot hit the back of her throat, but managed to swallow all of it down. Once I was expended, I backed off and moved further down the bed.

Lying beside her again, I started licking and sucking her hard nipples. I was supporting myself on my right arm, but my left hand went from holding the soft flesh of her tits, down over her smooth stomach to the front of her panties. As I slid my fingers up and down, I discovered that the front of these panties was wet just like the other pair she’d been wearing. I decided to try to make her cum again, so I slipped my hand into her panties.

After passing through her coarse bush, I discovered the smooth slickness of her slit once again and slipped a finger into her. As I sucked her nipples and fingered her hole, Suzy was raising her hips up at my ministrations. One of her hands was in my hair and the other was holding her tit up to my mouth. She seemed very into our little party.

Recalling how tasty Suzy’s juices were when I cleaned them off my fingers earlier, I abandoned her tits and began moving south. Continuing to finger her, I kissed my way down over her ribs and stomach. As I approached her panties, I slid my hand free and maneuvered myself on the bed so that I could slide her panties off. Removing her panties exposed her brown bush and revealed to me that she was wearing a thong. I could feel the blood beginning to return below my waist. I sniffed her panties before tossing them aside, then pushed her legs apart and lowered my head between them.

I immediately started lapping at her pussy, slurping up the juices she was secreting. This elicited a moan from Suzy, so I glanced upward and saw her eyes cinched shut, her mouth hanging open and her hands on her tits. As she toyed with her nipples, I slipped a single digit into her slick hole and, while pumping it in and out, focused my tonguing on her clit. Suzy immediately began pushing her hips up toward my face while softly moaning.

I could feel my flaccid organ trying to grow as I licked and sucked Suzy’s clit while simultaneously fingering her box. I alternated my techniques and settled on a combination of the ones that seemed to get the most response. Suzy seemed to be trying to keep the volume of her reactions as low as possible, but she wasn’t having a lot of success. She was pretty fired up, so I slipped a second finger into her and knew right away that it had increased her pleasure. A loud groan slipped out, encouraging me to keep going, pursuing her orgasm. One of her hands dropped to the back of my head and her hips were rocking up higher and faster.

The more aroused I could tell she was, the more aroused I got myself. I could feel my organ growing as Suzy got closer to cumming. She was having more trouble keeping quiet and her movements were getting quite frantic. Finally, with her ass up off the bed and her back arched, Suzy began to shudder as her orgasm finally washed over her. My face was flooded with a fresh flow of her sweet juices, so I slurped up as much as I could while she gradually came down and settled back onto the bed. This orgasm was definitely more intense than the earlier one.

I straightened up, kneeling between Suzy’s legs, and looked over her nude form. The color was high in her face and her hair now looked pretty wild. Her tits stood up firmly from her chest, despite their size. Her pussy looked good enough to eat, and had definitely been so. I took my now rigid cock in my hand and guided it toward Suzy’s slick pussy. She opened her eyes as she felt my head touch her lips and reached down to take her legs behind her knees and pull them up and apart.

Still on my knees, I moved forward enough to slip into Suzy and groaned at the tight, slick warmth of her pussy. I slowly moved in and out, immensely enjoying the feel. I leaned forward slightly, reaching around to get my hands on her big tits again. She had pulled her legs up so far that I could feel her knees on the backs of my hands as I fondled her tits. Suzy had closed her eyes again and was moaning softly as I slid my cock in and out of her. She propped one of her legs up on my shoulder to free a hand, which she slipped down to stroke her clit as I fucked her.

After a while, Suzy started rolling onto her side without breaking the rhythm we’d established. Her one leg was still supported on my shoulder while the other was flat on the bed and I was now fucking her slit horizontally rather than vertically. She was still stroking her clit and rocking her hips as I continued to pump her. I had only one hand on her tit in this position, but I was sliding my other hand up and down the leg that was on my shoulder.

When she brought that leg down to rest on top of the other one, with her still stroking hand clamped between her thighs, I moved my hand to her ass. I was squeezing and kneading her cheeks while pushing into her pussy that was clamped even tighter around me now. Slipping my fingertips along the crack of her ass, I encountered her puckered asshole and felt a reaction from her as I gently manipulated it. Removing my fingers, I sucked my middle one until it was slick with saliva, then pushed it right into her anus.

Suzy’s reaction was instant and intense. She clamped my finger between her cheeks and let out a cry of pleasure while I could feel tremors within her pussy and a sudden increased flow of lubrication. She tensed up completely, but then seemed to convulse as she continued to cry out. Her sudden orgasm seemed to go on and on and I couldn’t do much more than try to keep fucking her. When she finally went limp, I pulled my finger free and started fucking her harder again. After a minute or two, Suzy stopped me and told me it was my turn to be on the bottom.

As she got up to her knees, I flopped onto my back in the middle of the bed with my rod standing straight up, shiny with her juices. The first thing she did was take me into her mouth again and suck me a few times. I wouldn’t have minded cumming in her mouth again, but she stopped and straddled me. Instead of kneeling over me, though, she squatted over me, sitting straight up with her tits out of my reach. I watched as she lowered herself onto my cock, guiding it into her snug, slick pussy again, and began bouncing up and down on me.

I started watching my cock playing hide-and-seek in her brown bush, but my eyes were soon drawn to her big tits bouncing up and down on her chest. Her hands were on her knees as she raised and lowered herself on my cock, but her tits were bouncing freely up and down. I couldn’t believe I had somehow lucked into experiencing Suzy’s big titties, but I sure planned to keep experiencing them from this night on.

I was so turned on by Suzy, her hot body, her tight pussy and her bouncing tits that it wasn’t long before I could feel my cock swelling again. Suzy must have felt it, too, because when I was mere seconds away from blowing my load, she executed a dismount. Grasping my cock in her hand and pumping, she positioned herself between my legs and took me into her mouth again. Feeling her hot mouth quickly replacing her hot pussy only slightly delayed my impending orgasm. She pumped away at the base while her lips slid up and down and her other hand found and fondled my balls. I just watched as my cock slipped in and out from between her lips until I finally let loose a torrent of cum. Again, she was able to swallow it all and only released my cock once I had gone limp.

Suzy got up and turned off the light before rejoining me in bed. Her warm, smooth flesh pressed against me as we spooned and I fell asleep with my hand on her tit.

I woke with a start as Suzy sat beside me in the dark shaking me, telling me I needed to get up. I thought maybe she was ready for another go and wanted me to get another erection until I heard the panicked edge to her whispering. I finally figured out that she wanted me out of her room before somebody found out what had happened. As I rolled out of bed, she turned on a lamp so I could find my clothes and get dressed. I smiled over at her as I pulled my shorts and underwear back on, wanting a last look at her tits, but she’d pulled a nightshirt on and was holding a pillow in front of her. Now she was shy after we’d been naked together and fucking like crazed monkeys with the overhead light on? Oh well, it was late and she was clearly worried.

After I’d pulled my t-shirt on, I went over by her to give her a kiss and maybe cop a quick feel of her tits, but she put a hand up to stop me and turned away. I was confused, but went ahead and left. Back on the couch, I was asleep again in a matter of minutes.

In the light of the next day, everything was back to normal…unfortunately. By “normal” I mean it was as if the night before had never happened and Suzy refused to talk about it. I talked to Jim and Irene about it over the next couple of days, because they had been in the room right next door, had heard us and knew something had happened. They were equally perplexed. We never did figure out the reason for the total turnaround and nothing else ever happened between Suzy and me. I can still picture those big tits and my cock disappearing into her mouth, but that is the only action I’ve gotten from her since that night – my memory and my right hand.

Luckily, within the next week, a second incident related to renting that video occurred, completely preoccupying me and pushing Suzy from my mind.