 I arrived home from work one afternoon to find my mother very agitated. She'd just received another hang up phone call, something she'd been getting a lot of over the past few days. The caller would wait until someone answered, staying on long enough that you could tell someone was there, then hang up. My dad had received a couple of similar calls, but I hadn't had any. I asked when this had started and began to wonder if Suzy was up to something. I told them to let me get the phone if it rang that evening to see if I could figure anything out.

The phone did ring a while later and I yelled out that I'd get it before picking it up. I answered and there was no response, so I figured this would be my first hang-up. Then a tentative female voice said my name. I could tell it wasn't Suzy, but I didn't recognize the voice right away. When she identified herself as Emily, I was suddenly pleasantly surprised and intrigued. I asked if she had called previously and she said she had, but she'd been afraid that my parents would recognize her voice, so she'd hung up. Mystery solved. At least that mystery; there still remained the mystery of why she was calling.

She tried to sound casual as she asked me how things had gone the night I had bumped into her at the video store. I leveled with her about the two girls I was with and why we had been renting from the back room. When she offhandedly revealed that she'd never seen a movie like that either, I recognized that as a dropped hint. She said she'd never dare set foot in that back room. I laughed that obviously I didn't have a problem with it and that if she needed me to, I could do it for her. She confessed that she kind of had that in mind when she'd called but that she hoped I would come over and watch it with her. I was more than intrigued now; my jaw was resting on the floor. She said that the rest of her family would be out of town that Saturday night and wondered if I'd like to pick up a video and come by for the evening.

Wow! I could see why she'd been shy about being identified by my parents. Emily from church wanted to watch some porno with me. I tried to keep my cool when I told her Saturday night sounded great and while we figured out when I should swing by. When I hung up the phone, my head was spinning and my cock was throbbing. I had to lock my bedroom door and lay back on my bed with my pants around my knees. I closed my eyes and envisioned Emily as I'd seen her that night at the video store. She'd been dressed conservatively, no surprise, in shorts and a loose-fitting shirt. I could still see the swell of her large breasts and I had looked back at her from the counter and caught a good view of her ass as she checked out one of the lower shelves. Her long straight hair, hanging to her waist the way it had as long as I'd known her, cascaded down her back. 

Despite already being hard, I pictured her shirt coming off to reveal her big tits encased in a sexy bra like Suzy had been wearing. Emily's tits weren't as big as Suzy's, but they were still larger than average. I envisioned the shorts dropping next and Emily standing before me in just matching panties and bra. She reached behind her and the bra went slack, then slid down her arms revealing her smooth, white skin and large, pink aureoles. My orgasm was coming on quickly as I pictured her sliding her panties down, revealing her light brown bush. Ugh, ugh, I was cumming all over my pumping fist. I let out a big sigh and wondered how I would make it until Saturday.

When Saturday evening finally arrived, I stopped by the video shop and picked something that seemed interesting and erotic, but not too raunchy. I also grabbed a bottle of chardonnay, attempting to somewhat offset the classless nature of a rental from the back room. Emily looked stunning when she answered the door and let me in. She was wearing a short-sleeved, floral-print dress with buttons down the entire front, still looking somewhat conservative despite what the evening appeared to promise. In her kitchen, I sought out a corkscrew while she retrieved a couple of wineglasses. After pouring a glass for each of us, we retired to the living room.

Emily got the video set up and we sat together on the couch, still not 100% comfortable yet. We watched quietly through the previews and into the feature presentation, my arousal soon pretty obvious in my loose shorts. I was beginning to wonder about how I should go about making a move when Emily's hand dropped into my lap. She never took her eyes off the screen as she began to massage the lump she found there. I rested my own hand on her thigh, sliding it up and down, but mainly just enjoyed her attentions. Just as I was hoping I wouldn't cum in my pants, Emily asked me to "take it out." I set my wineglass down and unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts. Pushing them down slightly, I let my cock spring out. Emily briefly turned her attention to it, then grasped it and began pumping slowly as she turned back to the movie. I had never watched a porno before with someone else's hand wrapped around my cock. It was entirely hot! I was surprised again when Emily from church lowered her head into my lap and took my cock into her mouth. I don't know how I didn't cum immediately.

She would bob her head up and down a few times then watch the movie for a minute or two while pumping with her hand then go back to sucking again. It was obvious that she wanted to be able to see the movie while she was blowing me, so I had her stop for a minute. I stood and stepped out of my shorts and underwear, moved my wineglass to the end table and cleared off the sturdy coffee table. Turning it lengthwise between the couch and TV, I lay on it with my ass right at the edge, my cock standing straight up. I couldn't see the movie in this position, but Emily was able to kneel at the end of the table and suck my cock while looking up past me at the TV. My attention was focused on my cock slipping in and out of sweet Emily's mouth, a truly erotic sight! She had one small hand wrapped around the base of my cock and was pumping it as she slid her lips up and down, taking me as deeply as she could into her mouth. I could feel my orgasm slowly building; all of the blood in my body moving to my pelvic area. My cock began to swell within the confines of Emily's mouth and, within a few seconds, I was spewing cum. Never missing a beat, she swallowed it all down and let my limp cock fall from her mouth.

Emily moved back up onto the couch and I dropped to my knees on the floor. I started unbuttoning her dress from the bottom up, bringing her dark colored panties with a darker spot between her thighs into view. I stopped unbuttoning around her waist and pushed her legs apart to kiss up and down her inner thighs. I licked and sucked the damp crotch of her panties, getting my first taste of her juices. Wanting more, I started to slide her panties down, with Emily raising her ass up to assist me. I admired her neatly groomed light-brown bush before lowering my face and tasting her pussy. I pulled her to the edge of the couch and started licking up her slit over and over. Emily began to moan and run her fingers through my hair, so I kept going. I slipped a finger into her, finding her pussy tight, hot and slick. I slid my finger in and out while zeroing in on her clit with my tongue. Right away she started to raise her ass off the couch, pushing her pussy at my face. Between increasingly loud moans, she said there is nothing like having your pussy eaten while watching a porno.

I don't think she ever tore her eyes from the screen the whole time I was going down on her. I didn't care; my goal was just to make her cum. I kept at it, licking and sucking her clit and fingering her hole as she got louder and louder, rocking her hips faster and faster. The closer she got to cumming, the higher she seemed to push herself up off the couch seat. I was able to get my free hand under her and grab a hold of her ass, holding it tightly and pulling her pussy against my face. Finally, with a cry, her body convulsed a few times before all the tension drained out of it and she dropped back onto the couch. A couple more minor aftershocks and I raised my head from her lap. I climbed back up onto the couch beside her and took a drink of my wine.

We watched the movie for a little while longer, but I was still a little more entranced by the fact that I was with Emily. I reached over and finished unbuttoning her dress, revealing a bra that matched her panties. I started fondling her tits with her bra still on, then unfastened it and pulled it up above them. Her nipples and aureoles were close to what I had imagined and her tits were so firm and smooth and soft. I played with them for a while, feeling the heft of her tits, tracing circles around her aureoles and brushing lightly over her nipples. Pretty soon, I was leaning over and taking her nipples into my mouth and sucking them. Emily was moaning again and holding my head while I could feel a stirring between my legs. I let a hand drop down between Emily's legs, finding her pussy very wet. I alternated between fingering her and lightly stroking her clit while continuing to suck her nipples.

Between moans, Emily managed to ask if there was a way that I could fuck her and we could both still watch the movie. I didn't mind if I couldn't see it, but I thought it was nice of her to be thinking of me. Getting up, I moved the coffee table slightly then had her stand up. I watched as she let her dress slide off, followed by her bra. She looked stunning naked – so innocent and so hot at the same time. I felt my cock continuing to rise. I had her get on her knees and lean over the table while I slipped a condom on and positioned myself behind her. I rubbed my cock against her from behind then slipped into her. She was very snug, but very slick and the feeling of pleasure was very intense as I pushed all the way in. Looking up at the TV, I started slowly moving in and out of her pussy while watching a guy onscreen getting his massive tool polished.

Drawing my attention away from the screen, I leaned back some as I was fucking Emily so I could see her hot little ass and my cock sliding in and out just below it. My cock was shiny with the abundant juices she was producing. I ran my hands over her ass cheeks before sliding them up her back and leaning forward again. I slipped my hands under her breasts, feeling their weight while stimulating her nipples. While feeling up her tits, I was slowly sliding my cock in and out of her as well as watching the action on the screen. Having someone else giving me a handjob while watching porn had been an entirely new experience for me, but it didn't compare to fucking and watching porn. I got the impression that Emily was feeling the same way. She was still very tuned in to the movie, which was understandable given that it was the first she'd ever seen, but the noises she was making certainly sounded much more authentic that those coming from the TV.

Emily placed her hand on top of mine on her breast, intertwining her fingers with mine, then lifted my hand away. She moved both of our hands down between her legs and pushed my hand against her pussy before taking her hand away. I took the hint and put my fingers to work stimulating her clit while continuing to fuck her. She brought her hand back up to take the place of mine on her breast. Emily's moans were definitely louder now with this new stimulation. I hoped that it was also bringing her an orgasm because I knew it was just a matter of time fucking her snug pussy before I would be pumping a load into the condom I was wearing. I was pushing as deeply as I could into her while gently stroking her clit. She seemed to be pushing back toward me somewhat, which I took as a positive sign. Despite the condom, the feeling of her pussy was incredible. The combination of tightness, slickness and warmth and the friction they created on my cock was quickly bringing on my own orgasm. As Emily continued to get louder, it actually seemed as though her pussy was feeling even better, which I never would have thought to be possible.

Just when I was feeling that I might be in danger of beating her to the punch, Emily let out a cry and I could feel tremors and an increased slickness in her pussy. I continued to fuck her through her orgasm and before she'd finished cumming, I came myself with a moan of relief. I pushed into her pussy over and over until I was completely spent, then withdrew my latex-encased cock. I helped Emily up and we both collapsed back onto the couch. The movie was drawing to a close, so we watched the end of it, our naked bodies close together. Seeing that there was nothing more on the tape, Emily began to rewind it as I got up to dispose of the condom.

Reentering the living room, I sighed as I admired Emily, naked and refilling our wineglasses. She turned to me and smiled then set down the wine bottle. We wrapped our arms around each other, pulling our naked bodies together, and kissed long and hard. My hands slid down to hold her fine ass while we made out, her big breasts squeezed between us. We held each other for a while before moving back to the couch and each drinking some wine. Emily suggested we watch the movie again and try out some of the more interesting positions. This sounded good to me, so she started the tape. Over the next couple of hours, we slowly made our way through the tape, experimenting with a wide variety of sexual exercises. We finally had to retire to bed out of utter exhaustion.

It was sheer bliss to wake the next morning with the sun streaming through the windows, lying in Emily's bed, naked, with her beside me, also naked. We didn't watch the video again that morning, though we probably should have, instead exploring our newly discovered passion for each other in Emily's bed, in the bathroom (particularly the shower) and in the kitchen. We weren't thinking that, given our respective living situations, we couldn't be sure when we'd get another chance to watch a porn video. 

Over the ensuing days and weeks, we did manage to develop a satisfying sex life without porn, despite our living situations, and ultimately renting a video from the back room became a special occasion when we had both a safe location and a significant block of time. We also developed quite a relationship outside of the sexual arena, finding that we had many things in common and genuinely enjoyed being together. I think we ended up surprising a lot of people, not just our families but people we had both known growing up, when we started obviously dating and sustaining a successful relationship. Its funny how everybody thinks that two lifelong acquaintances suddenly just decided to start dating. If only we dared reveal the truth that we were effectively brought together by pornography.