 "Yeah, well, I'm heading back to school on Sunday. I still have a few weeks left." I lay flat on my back staring at my ceiling, clutching my cell phone in one hand while I flipped channels on the TV with my remote.

"Any chance of seeing you before then?" Lamar asked. His voice was barely above a whisper. I rolled over onto my stomach, propping myself up on my elbows. It was Friday, and Hunter had 'cum' to help around the house on Wednesday and Thursday, but today his dad had him somewhere else. I'd decided to call Lamar, and we'd been talking for about an hour now.

"Well..." I said, running my fingers through my hair. Nisi had been over Thursday night and she'd flat pressed it for me. "Tonight I was planning on heading one town over, this new dance club that opened up. My friend Nisi invited me to go with her and her man."

"How about you roll up there with me, and we meet her there." I grinned to myself, I knew he was going to ask. I licked my lips and feigned reluctance.

"Well, I don't know because we've just met and all..."

"Check it, you'll go with me, we meet them there, and if I'm not a perfect gentleman, you can leave me there."

"Alright... cool." I stood up, moving over to my closet and flipping through some things. "Come for me at like 8."

"I'll see you then." We said goodbye, and I shut the phone, and then flipped through my numbers. Now to call Nisi and talk her into going to the club and bringing her man with her.

"You lucky you're my girl." Nisi said into the phone a few minutes later. "I 'm supposed to be studying. You owe me big."

"Yeah yeah, I'll lick away your anger later." I cradled the phone between my shoulder and my ear, pulling a white mini skirt and baby blue top, and then dropped to my knees, searching for my white heeled sneaker boots amongst the mess that was my closet floor.

"I'll hold you to that. In more ways that one..." She said in a seductive whisper. I giggled, and a shiver ran up my back.

"Alright Nisi, cool. He's coming for me at 8, so you and Derek leave at around 7:30-ish."

"Yeah yeah. I'll see you there boo." She hung up and I flipped my phone shut. It was 4 now, and since all my clothes were out, I decided to flop down on my bed after attaching my Sega© and put in my Sonic the Hedgehog™ cartridge. Two hours later, I'd just about forgotten I was supposed to be going anywhere until Nisi text messaged me to ask to borrow my red and black purse. I jumped up, stretching, and headed to the bathroom, gripping my towel on the way.

"Sanaa, are you heading out tonight?" My momma called through the bathroom door half an hour later. I stuck my head out of the curtain so that the shower wouldn't drown her out.

"Yeah. I'm rolling with Nisi tonight."

"Oh, because Hunter called. He said Jeff was back in town and that they were heading movies, and wondered if you wanted to go."

"Oh, well, tell them I have plans and we can hook up some other time."

"Ok." I heard the door shut as I rinsed the last of the soap from my body and shut off the water. What the hell was Hunter trying? He knew Jeff and I had fallen out, why even ask. I wrapped myself in my towel and headed out of the bathroom, my mind spinning.

"Goddamn girl! You fine." Lamar said after I opened the door. My momma stood behind me, both of us running to meet the door at the same time.

"This doesn't look like Nisi." She said. My eyes widened and I turned to look at her, mouthing a quick "don't embarrass me" while I walked out the door. She grinned back and smiled at Lamar.

"I'm Sanaa's mother. And you are?" She held out her hand. He took it.

"Lamar." He grinned at her. I rolled my eyes, pushing his stomach and breaking their contact.

"Bye momma." I said, gripping his arm and dragging him behind me. She laughed and called bye to us before shutting the door. Lamar opened the passenger side door of his Cutlass and let me in, and then climbed in the other side.

"You're momma seems nice." He said. I turned to look at him, and then burst out laughing.

"Yeah she's a real joker." We kept up small talk to the club, enough for me to know he had 2 brothers and a baby sister, and that he had rebuilt the Cutlass with his Dad from just about the framework. I revealed a bit about my family and my background, so that by the time we pulled into the club's parking lot we had a pretty good feel of each other. I looked around for Nisi's car and grinned when I saw it, straightening my skirt as Lamar and I headed inside.

Nisi and Derek had a booth in the back corner of the club, and as we crossed to where they were, I kept stopping, catching the vibe from the DJ and moving with it. Lamar put his hand on my waist after a few guys came over and asked me to dance. One didn't even ask, just jumped behind me when the DJ put on a slow R&B song, and caught the roll of my hips. Lamar pushed him off of me while I turned to see who it was. I laughed as Lamar sent the guy on his way, and decided to just walk over to Nisi, and deal with the dancing later.

"Nisi, Derek, this is Lamar." I said as we sat down. Derek and Lamar nodded at each other while Nisi smiled at us. Nisi put her hand on my arm, whispering to me. I nodded back at her and she grinned in approval.

"Y'all want something to drink?" A waitress came over, holding a tray in her arms with a notepad on top. I nodded, and ordered an "absolutely heaven" while Lamar ordered a beer. She nodded and walked off, then returned with our drinks a while later, along with a few shots of something caramel colored that Nisi and Derek had ordered. She dropped them on the table and stood there, looking at us. I looked up, reaching for my purse as Lamar reached for his wallet. Derek waved his hands at us, and handed the waitress his credit card. She walked away, flapping the card in the air as if it were some prize. We thanked Derek, and as I started to drink my drink, I watched him and Nisi.

She and Derek had only been together for about 2 months now, which, for Nisi, was a long relationship. He was tall, a bit taller than me, with smooth chocolate brown skin and dark eyes, with a pair of glasses balanced on his nose. Nisi caught me staring and grinned at me, and then winked. She raised her hands and scratched between her index and middle fingers, and then licked her lips. This was her code when we were out, to tell me she wanted between my thighs. She turned, however, and looked at Derek, from the corner of her eyes, and then back at me. I shook my head, mouthing "Not yet." She grinned again, and turned her gaze back to her shot.

A few drinks later, when we'd all paid for a round each, I stood, pulling Lamar by his hand.

"Dance with me." I said. He smiled and we went to the dance floor. As if on cue, the floor lights dimmed to blue, and the DJ dropped a slow reggae tune. I stood in front of him, moving my body in a slow wave to the beat of the music. He gripped my hips and pulled me close to him, so that I could feel his crotch grinding slowly on mine, his cock just inches away from my throbbing cunt. His hands slid low to cup my ass as I straddled one of his legs in a dancehall move turned upside down, rubbing my center against his thigh.

I turned after a while so that my ass was nestled in his crotch, and I rolled my hips on him. He followed my roll, his hands straying across my stomach and thighs, missing my moistening pussy by inches. I licked my lips, cocking my ass back at him a few times, and following it with a slow roll. I could feel his cock against my ass, and my mind tried to construct the length of it, figuring it was pretty good. He turned me again, placing our hips together once more as he pulled me to him, his fingers roaming over my back and my ass once again.

I moved my arms around his neck, leaning in to suck it lightly. He slid his fingertips into the waistband of my skirt, moving them over the top of my thong. I looked up at him, and as the song began to fade out, he leaned down low, kissing me. When we broke apart, the DJ had started a quicker song, and we started to move to keep up with the beat, but each of our minds straying to other things.

"No Nisi, I'm good." I said, pulling my fingers through my hair.

"You sure you don't need a lift?" She asked, leaning against her car. I shook my head.

"I'm good. Lamar is cool to drive and he'll drop me home."

"Ok, fine." She unlocked her door, about to climb in. "Oh, and Sanaa..."

"Yeah?"

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do." She grinned at me.

"As if that leaves me a lot of options." I laughed. "I'll call you when I get in, ok?"

"Cool boo." I walked over to Lamar's car, smoothing my skirt and climbing in. He turned on the radio, switching it to a station playing some older songs.

"I haven't heard this in a stretch." I said, humming along with the song. I started to sing with it after a while, moving my hips to the beat so that I was grinding on the seat. Lamar laughed at me as I began to move my hands, mimicking the old Motown singers back in the day. I kept it up for the first few minutes of the drive, and then turned my volume down, switching back to humming as he slid his hand across to rest it on my knee.

We pulled up to my house a while later and I looked over at him. He'd done the gentlemanly thing, dropping me home while both of us knew we wanted sex badly. He turned down the radio, and a shock ran through my pussy as he leaned over and kissed me, his hand going to my side and sliding from my waist to my thighs, and then sliding underneath me to grip my ass. I opened my mouth, drawing his tongue between my lips as my legs reflexively spread.

His hand moved to stroke my thighs slowly, as I leaned back, moaning into his mouth. His hand moved up further, to just about tickle my pussy lips through my thong. I reached over, turning my body and placing my hand on his chest. I trailed my nails slowly through his shirt, and then dug them into his shoulder. He lifted me, pulling me up to straddle his lap and laying his seat back a bit as he went, so that my ass almost touched the steering wheel and the horn. He slid his hands up my back and over my shoulders, pulling me down to kiss him again.

His right hand slid around to the front of my body, moving down my chest to cup my breast, his thumb slowly flicking over my nipple. I bit his lip, moving my hand down his body, over his chest and abs and to the buckle of his belt. I undid it slowly, and then opened the button of his jeans. I leaned in, trailing my tongue along his throat, and the pulled his zipper open, sliding my hand underneath to where I could feel his rapidly hardening cock through his boxers. My cunt throbbed as I stroked his length slowly, and then licked my lips.

"I want you... in me..." I whispered into his ear, and then sucked and flicked the lobe with my tongue. He turned his head to give me a sexy grin.

"And I want to be in you... but..."

"Oh! But what!" I groaned, leaning low to suck his neck as I began to grind my hips against him.

"But we can't... not in front of your house."

"Then take me somewhere else." I said, sitting up to look at him. I kissed his jaw, and then sucked his bottom lip into my mouth, dragging my teeth along it. "Now!"

Lamar reversed out of my yard while I moved back into my seat. I looked down at his crotch, his jeans still lowered. The only thing covering his cock was his boxers. I moved over, taking his cock into my hand and pulling it through the hole in front. I looked at it, taking in the length and width, and my mouth water. I leaned down, and kissing the head, took it into my mouth.

"Oh shit. Sanaa, what the fuck!" He said as I trailed my tongue along it, and then deep throated his entire cock. He almost swerved off the road. I bobbed my head slowly on it, pausing to trace the V as I pulled my head up. I looked up at him. "Damn baby! Slow it down."

"Oh... but I want it..." I said, pouting as a circled the tip with my tongue. He looked down at me and grinned, and then looked back up at the street. I moved up onto my knees, my ass cocked back at the window, and took his dick back into my mouth curling my tongue around it and sliding it back and forth slowly. He made a noise and stopped at a red light, the force of the car bringing my mouth off and back onto his cock.

I pushed my head down further, deepthroating him while we waited for the light. I tightened my lips around it just as the light changed, and as we pulled away I brought my mouth back up, sucking my cheeks in. 

I sucked slowly, moving a hand over to stroke his cock beneath my lips. He spread his legs, and moved one hand off the wheel to push my head down further, picking up my pace. My cunt was now drenched, and I moaned on Lamar's cock. Lamar gave a moan as his cock twitched in my throat, and I licked along the underside, all the way to the tip and flicked my tongue back and forth before resuming my bob. Lamar froze and exploded into my mouth. I swallowed greedily, milking his cock with my hand until I had every drop.

I sat up, grinning at him and licking my lips. He smiled back.

"Damn boo."

"That's nothing. Wait till you're inside of me."

Lamar pulled into a deserted road, and I fully expected to see one of those cliffs overlooking the city like in so many movies at the end of it. He instead drove his car up outside an old farmhouse, and turned off the car. He got out, motioning for me to do the same, and then went to the back of his car, pulling out a clichéd red blanket. I looked at it and laughed.

"Are you serious?" I said, wrapping my arms around myself. It was cold in that clearing.

"What you mean?" He asked a puzzled look on his face. I shook my head.

"Nevermind." He reached his hand out to me, and I took it as he led me inside the barn. I looked around. "Lamar, where the hell did you bring me?"

"This is my granddad's place. Well, it was up until a little while back. He moved cause my grandmomma was sick, and she needed to be in and out of the hospital so he moved into town to make it easier. He wants to put this up for sale, but none of us can let it go." He pulled me to him suddenly, just as I was thinking shut up and kiss me. My mouth was wide open looking up at the ceiling, and he kissed me. I circled my arms around his neck, kissing him back as he lifted my right leg and wrapped it around his waist, and then gripped my ass, his fingers sliding down from my ass crack to trace my slit.

He somehow managed to spread the blanket on a pile of hay in the corner without letting go of me, and then placed me on top of it. I giggled.

"What?" He asked.

"I knew we were going for a roll in the hay, but damn, not literally." I said. He laughed and then dropped in front of me, pushing my skirt up and pulling my thong off and throwing it behind him as he spread my legs. He kissed my thighs, trailing his tongue from a point on one thigh, across my pussy, and to the same point on the other side. I laid back, going weak when he suddenly latched onto my clit, doing something with his tongue I'd never experienced before, rolling it slowly along it and then pushing it up and back and forth at the same time.

I moaned , throwing my head back and pushing my shirt up to grip my breasts. One hand slid down and I dug my nails into his shoulders.

"Oh fuck..." His tongue invaded my cunt, pushing in deep enough to roll over my G. A screamed out as waves of electricity coursed my body, my head filled with a buzzing. He moved back up to roll his tongue over my clit again as his fingers pushed into my pussy. He opened and closed them, stretching my walls and then moving in deeper. I closed my eyes and dug my fingers into his shoulders deep enough to draw blood as I came. He moved his mouth down again and to my surprise as well as his, I squirted my cum right into his mouth. He leaned in to lick it up, cleaning my cunt and giving me another orgasm.

I laid there for a minute, collecting myself. I'd never ever squirted before. I figured it was something you only read about or saw on porn sites. As I lay there, Lamar covered his cock with a condom, and then looked up at me.

"You should see how damn sexy you look."

"What?" I said as he lined himself up with my slit.

"Your hair all over the place, legs wide open, this come fuck me look on your face. I wish I had a fucking camera." He parted my lips with his fingers and eased the head of his cock in. As he held there, he lifted his fingers to his mouth, putting one inside to taste them and then holding them out to me. I sucked the taste of myself off of them as he pushed his cock further into my pussy. I moaned as he paused inside of me, moving his dick up and down slowly.

His hands slid up to my breasts, rubbing them and cupping them. He leaned low, taking a nipple into his mouth while he was motionless in my cunt. He rolled his tongue over it, and then sucked it, biting it softly before trailing his tongue along to the other one. He lifted his mouth off and began to fuck me, his cock moving in and out of my pussy walls as they clung to him.

He kissed me and then moved his mouth to my neck, just above my collarbone, sucking it hard, pulling it to his teeth and releasing. I gasped and brought my hips up to meet his cock as it plunged into me, and then cocked them backwards and forwards as I dug my nails into his back, trailing them deep enough to draw blood again. He moaned as I hit the bottom of his back, and I trailed my nails there again. He began to fuck me with a vengeance, drawing his cock in and out of me as I cried out beneath him, screaming his name at the rafters.

I bit his neck as he leaned down low over me, bracing himself on his hands as he began to fuck me harder, to the point where I could feel the wall and floor through the hay. He pushed up into my womb as he lifted my leg over his shoulder and sat up, and began to fuck me harder as I put my hands up against the wall to keep my head from banging it so hard. I started to whimper, not having a pussy pounding like this in a while. He began to pull my pussy tight up on him as I felt the familiar flutter and my cunt melted around him, and then pulled at him. His cock twitched and he exploded in me at the same time, the condom catching his hot seed.

We lay there for a while before he pulled out, laughing as he said it was to make sure the condom didn't get stuck inside of my cunt. He laid up next to me, taking my hand in his and kissing it, and then me.

"You sure you have to leave on Sunday?" He asked, his eyes staring into mine.

"Yeah, I have school and all." I said, snuggling close to him. "I finish in a few weeks though, and then I have summer break.

"Cool." He leaned in, kissing me as I gripped his head and returned his kiss.