 My roommates had gone home for the holidays, and since I was an orphan, I ended up alone at home for Thanksgiving. My grandmother had raised me, but she had passed away earlier in the year, and the rest of the family lived way too far away to consider going to. My uncle had offered to pay my way, but I wasn't interested in flying all the way across the country to see family I didn't really know. My roommate had invited me to join him, but I didn't want to intrude on his family time, and I could sense his relief when I declined.

I had gone out and done a little shopping earlier in the week, and prepared for a quiet weekend at home. I bought myself some turkey TV dinners for Thanksgiving night, and other food to hold me over the rest of the weekend. I had also gone to the local video store, and for the first time in my life, bought some pornographic videos. I knew I'd get bored, and figured watching a few movies might make the time go a little quicker. I was too embarrassed to tell my roommates, but I figured I'd show them after the weekend.

Wednesday evening arrived, and I had the house to myself. The first conscious decision I made was to make the weekend a clothing-free time. I had always preferred to be nude, and living with roommates had made that hard. I had my own room, and was always naked in there, but I wanted the total freedom of going naked in my own home. I had a trust fund from my parents, and a nice big inheritance from my grandmother, but the paperwork on that had yet to be finished, and the full trust fund didn't kick in until I was older. I had enough money to enjoy life, or live alone. Not both. So I suffered with roommates for now.

I had dinner, did dishes, all that normal stuff, all while totally naked. I was enjoying myself quite a bit, and after dinner, and a few drinks, I decided to throw some of the porn I'd bought into the DVD player. It was a movie called 'Big Beautiful Women and the Women that Love Them'. I had an idea what I was getting, but what popped up on screen surprised me. The first girl had to weigh at least 300 pounds, and had a belly that hung below her crotch. What stopped me from popping it out and getting rid of it was the fact that she had massive tits, and nipples the size of dimes. I love big tits, and since there was a lot of tittie sucking, I left it in. The second girl was smaller, but by no means skinny. I watched for a little while, and the girls on screen went through their moves, and before I realized it, my cock was rock hard.

I knew I was horny, but I really hadn't thought that a big girl could get me that hard so fast. I decided to try something. I skipped to the next scene, which featured another girl, bigger than the first, masturbating herself with a huge pink dildo. I was sure it would turn me off, but if anything, I was harder and hornier than before! All it took was a few quick strokes, and I shot my load with such force, it hit me in the mouth. I knew I was okay with the taste of my own come, having tasted it before, both on the lips of a willing girl, and on my own hand, but somehow, this was more exciting. I licked my lips and tasted my salty seed, and that just made me hotter.

It was still early, so I got dressed, and went back to the local video store. The girl behind the counter was cute, but she really didn't pay any attention to anyone at all. I went straight for the adult section, and looked for more of the big girl videos. I found several that caught my eye, and picked out 3 new ones. One of them had a pretty graphic cover, and when I brought it to the counter, the girl looked at it, looked at me, and back at the movie. I was just getting embarrassed when she smiled.

"I love this one. The third scene is great."

"Oh, uh...really?"

"Yeah. I love movies like this. It's the only way someone like me can get any action."

I looked her over a little closer, and saw that she was a big girl. Not really big, but big enough that she wouldn't get noticed in a college town full of skinny cheerleader types. I decided to try my luck, and see what happened.

"You've got to be kidding me. A good-looking girl like you can't find a guy? What's wrong with the guys in this town, anyway?"

She laughed, which made her even prettier.

"You really need to laugh more. It makes your whole face light up."

"Wow. Thanks. No one has ever said that about me. Usually, no one says anything about me."

I grinned.

"The very least I could do for such a pretty lady like you. I'm glad I could help."

She took a long look at me, and almost visibly, made a decision.

"Can I ask you a question?"

"Sure."

She took a deep breath, and suddenly the words came pouring out of her.

"Are you spending the weekend alone? That's the only reason a guy like you would need to be buying porn, unless you're buying for a bachelor party, which would explain the freak porn you're buying. No one looking like you could be buying it for any other reason."

"Actually, yes, I am spending the weekend alone. I don't really have any family to go home to, and all of my roommates are gone for the weekend. No bachelor party, just me. And for the record, I don't think any of the girls on these videos are freaks at all. They're just beautiful in a different way, that's all. Now, can I ask you a question?"

"Fair is fair, I guess. Go ahead." "Are YOU spending the weekend alone?"

"I spend every weekend alone. My dad died a couple of years ago, and there's no one else. No family, no boyfriend, nothing. That's why I'm working tonight. Nothing better to do."

"I know this is going to sound odd, but would you like to hang out later?"

She looked at me like I was speaking a different language.

"You're kidding, right? You want to hang out with me? I don't need the pity, thanks."

"No pity involved. I think you're cute, and I'd like to get to know you a little better...Jenny. My name is Eric, by the way."

" I know. I have your records pulled up on the computer. I even know you live a block away from me. Which I normally wouldn't bring up, but since you did ask me to hang out, I need to know where I'm headed after I get out of here in an hour. Or is the invitation still out there?"

"Yeah, it's still out there. I'd really enjoy the company."

She gave me a grin that could be read two different ways. One, you're an idiot to think that, or two; damn straight you'll enjoy my company. I chose to think it was the second.

"Then I'll see you later?"

"Yeah, I'll swing by after work. Just...never mind. I'll see you later, Eric."

"See you later, Jenny."

I left there with a spring in my step, and a twinge in my crotch. I was probably grasping at straws, but I really hoped that if I played my cards right, I'd get lucky later tonight. I went home and cleaned up the few things out of place, and changed my sheets, just in case. I had finished cleaning, and was seriously considering putting in another of the videos, just to get me in the mood, when there was a knock at the door. I peeked through the spy hole, and all I saw was a thumb. I opened the door, and Kelly was standing there, holding a small bag.

"Hey. I said I would be here, and here I am. You gonna let me in or what?"

I stepped back to give her room, and on her way by, she handed me the bag.

"I brought you something. Figured it was the polite thing to do."

I laughed, and showed her to the living room. I went into the kitchen and pulled out a bottle of booze. It was pretty good stuff, and I figured she had brought it so she would have something she wanted to drink. I stuck my head out of the kitchen and asked if she wanted a drink. 

"Yeah, water if you got it. I don't really drink, but I figured you might, so I got the bottle."

"Booze is always a welcome gift in this household."

She laughed, and I went in to get her a glass of water. I came back out with a soda for me, and she gave me a look.

"I only drink if the person I'm hanging out with is drinking as well. Makes me feel like less of a drunk that way."

We laughed again, and sat down to talk. We ended up sharing a lot of things that we probably never would have told anyone else, and before we knew it, it was 3am. Jenny excused herself to go use the bathroom, and I sat back in my chair, thinking.

"Hey, Eric. Why don't you throw in one of those videos? I could watch a little porn."

I was surprised, but hopeful. I chose the one she had said she liked, and put the scene she mentioned on. I settled back on the couch, and when she came back into the room, she sat on the other end of the couch. I looked over at her, and something seemed different about her. I wasn't sure what, but I didn't want to stare, so I looked back at the TV. There was a guy going down on a big girl, and really enjoying what he was doing.

"I see you put my favorite scene on. I wonder why?"

I looked over at her to see if she was mad, but she was smiling. Then she surprised me. She lifted up the shirt she was wearing, and pulled it over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her tits were almost as big as the girl on screen. Her nipples were hard, and the size of dimes. She stuck her hands under them and lifted them up. I watched as she sucked first one, then the other. I was torn between watching the screen, and watching Jenny. Jenny won.

She didn't say a word, but stood, and pushed her pants off, exposing her ass to me. It was a plump, juicy ass, full of promise. She shook her pants free, and tossed them behind her. She sat back down on the couch with her legs spread, and teased her pussy for me. I watched her play with herself until she shuddered her way through her first orgasm, and then she turned to me.

"Are you going to sit there and let me be the only naked person in the room? Come on, Eric. Show me what you've got."

I broke speed records for stripping, and my rock hard cock popped free. I saw the look on her face when she saw it, and smiled. I sat down across from her, and gave her a good view of me stroking my cock. Her eyes were riveted to me, as mine were to her. She was practically burning a hole in me, she was staring so hard at my cock.

"Would you like to give me a hand here?"

"No, no hand. I will give you something else, though."

As she said that, she leaned forward and replaced my hand with her mouth. She was a great cocksucker, really knowing how to make it feel good for me. I leaned back to enjoy her efforts, and she moved herself closer. I grabbed one of those big monster tits of hers and pinched the nipple. She moaned, and I kept up my efforts. She broke away from my cock long enough to pull me down into a prone position, and then she positioned herself above my face. I could see the moisture beading up on her pussy, and her scent was intoxicating. I reached up and pulled her close, and devoured her cunt. She went back to work on my cock, and we managed to work ourselves into simultaneous orgasms.

Jenny pulled herself off of me, and started to grab her clothes.

"Where are you going?"

"You got what you wanted out of me, so I figure you want me to leave."

"Jenny, I'll tell you when I want you to leave, and I don't want you to leave yet. Hell, as far as I'm concerned, you're welcome to stay until my roommates come home Sunday night, on one condition."

"What would that be?"

"No clothing worn at all the entire weekend. I prefer nudity wherever possible, and this is the first time in awhile that I've been alone for a long weekend. I wasn't planning on being dressed at all, and if you're going to spend the weekend with me, I want to see you naked with me."

"You really want me to spend the weekend here with you?"

"As long as you don't have to work. If you need to go to work, that's cool, but if you're off, I'd like you to be here with me. I really kind of like you, Jenny. You're sexy, funny, smart, sexy..."

"You said sexy already."

"Yeah, I know, but I wanted to stress the point that I find you sexy as all hell."

"I think that monster between your legs is doing that for you."

All the talk about spending the weekend naked with a pretty girl had gotten me excited all over again without my even noticing. Jenny looked from my cock, to me, and back again.

"I'm actually off all weekend. Everyone wanted to work this weekend so they could have time off a few weeks ago. I'm off until Monday afternoon."

I put my hand out in invitation.

"Then spend the weekend with me, Jenny. Let's spend the whole weekend naked and horny."

She reached out and took my hand, and I drew her to me.

"I'll be naked, but if you do your job right, I won't be horny for very long."

We kissed for the first time then, and that led to her riding my cock as her big tits bounced in my face. Over the course of the weekend, we tried everything she'd ever wanted to do, including taking my cock in her ass. By the end of the weekend, we were worn out, but convinced that we were going to have to continue to see each other. As it turned out, Jenny had her own place, and we declared it a clothing-free zone. My friends all thought I was crazy, dating a chubby chick, but I just smiled and nodded. When the sex is that good, who cares what anyone else says...