 We have been in the car nearly all morning. I want a hotel on the beach and Greg isn't that picky. He thinks any hotel with a bed will do perfectly. I, on the other hand, have visions of frolicking on the beach looking trim, toned and sexy.

Finally, we drive up to a huge hotel, right on the beach. All the rooms have balconies, and there is actually a vacancy. The bellhop assists us to the third floor, opening the door and following us inside. It is a lovely room, light and airy, the decor in bright pastels. There is a huge king-size bed, looking very inviting. One entire wall is a window, with a sliding glass door that the bellboy opens.  The curtains billow into the room, the beach is right below us, the water looking green and refreshing.

When Jason, the friendly bellhop, leaves, Greg kicks off his shoes and stretches out on the bed. He strikes a pose against the headboard, trying to look sexy and desirable. In truth, he is very tempting. We had made a silly wager that we could not have sex until today, which was why the hotel was so important to me. It had been five days, five long days of kisses and touches and suggestive whispers. Both of us were so ready! 

I opened my suitcase, removing my new suit. Pretending I didn't know Greg was watching my every move, I slowly undressed. First, I unbuttoned my shirt, slowly. I gazed out at the beach and carefully removed the summery top, sliding it down my arms and letting it fall. Next, I unhooked my shorts, unzipping them and wriggling out of them. I stood there, clad only in a lacy bra and panty, my tanned skin nearly naked. Turning my back to Greg, I reached behind and unhooked the bra, shrugging out of it, letting it fall with the rest of my clothes. I stretched seductively, turning in profile, my nipples pointy and tight. I knew the lacy panties did not cover much, clinging to my shapely ass, barely containing it. If I turned to the balcony, Greg would be able to see my full curlies pressed against the crotch. I know he is particularly fond of my soft bush. I stood just inside the window, looking out, watching the people frolicking on the beach, so near we could hear their laughing voices. I glanced at Greg and saw an impressive tenting in his shorts. It made me smile. 

Someone on the beach turned up their radio. I love this song. I closed my eyes and began dancing. I let my fingers run over my near-naked body, cupping my breasts, teasing my nipples. I crossed my arms and ran my hands down my sides, massaging my tummy, sliding along the panty as it skimmed my curlies. Peeking under my lashes, I could see Greg staring at me, saw his tongue slide over his lips in anticipation. I continued dancing, twirling now, moving around the room, seemingly in a trance. 

When Greg left the bed and came toward me, I had to move quickly. "What about our bet, Greg? I thought we were waiting!"

"The stupid bet was for today, Hildy! You said when we got to Panama Beach, we could make love. and we are here! We have been here nearly an hour. Look at me, look what you do to me!"

I must confess, looking at Greg was nearly my downfall. He slid his shorts down, revealing a hard, wet cock standing straight. He made it throb, knowing that made me giggle. Then he did the one thing he knew would make me succumb. He slid his own hand around his dick, massaging it, his fingers moving with total familiarity up and down the erect shaft. I had told Greg when we first met that I found a man caressing himself to be so incredibly erotic, and he had never forgotten. The sight of his long fingers, giving himself pleasure generally made me unbelievably hot. Today was no exception. It had been five long days. And Greg had a way of touching me, even as we drove, that made me crazy with lust. 

But here's the thing. I had a scenario in my mind, one I wanted to enact with Greg. It is the reason the balcony was so important to me, and now we had one. So, I would just have to be strong and wait, knowing tonight would be one of our best sessions.


I continued to evade Greg's questing fingers, taking my new suit to the bathroom to dress. Once inside, I removed my panties, not at all surprised to find the crotch soaking wet. Even though we had been together for over a year, Greg still had the power to make me melt with just a look. We were so well-matched it sometimes astounded me. We could talk forever about everything. We could sit together quietly, holding hands, and be content. Best of all, we could fuck for days and never get worn out or bored.

With a final glance at the mirror, I opened the bathroom door. Greg grinned lasciviously at me. The suit was a Caribbean red, snug, with cutouts at very unexpected places. It was a one piece, but sexier than many bikinis. I knew I looked good in it. I had been sunbathing nude in our backyard for weeks and my tan was golden and perfect. My breasts, though small, were full and lush with promise. My legs were toned from my daily workouts with my friends. I nearly blushed from the naked desire in Greg's eyes. Tonight was going to be fantastic, I just knew it.

I pulled on a little coverup skirt and sat on the bed to watch Greg. I never tired of seeing him naked. He had the best ass in the world, firm and shapely. His chest was covered with a fine matting of dark hair, running in a path to his tummy and beyond. He undressed now, trying to tempt me, trying to sway me, wanting to fuck me. But I had other plans. Finally he gave up and pulled on his bathing shorts, and reached for my hand.

"I want you, baby. You know that, you can see that. If tonight is that important to you, though, I will wait and play your game. Just remember, tonight I am going to fuck you like our first time. There will be no stopping me, I want it all, and I will get it. Tonight!"

We left our room, hand in hand, going to the big gift shop in the lobby. There we found huge floats, brightly decorated. We carried them out to the beach, and found an air machine to inflate them. Crossing the sand, I was pleased to see that I was creating a bit of a stir among the guys. One even whistled. Greg held my hand proudly, pleased that I was his woman. We rode the floats out into the water, holding hands and floating together. I must confess, I am not an ocean woman. I like to see where my feet are, know the distance to the bottom and feel sure that nothing is going to nibble my toes. So, very soon, I suggested we move to the giant hotel pool.

Greg was pretty agreeable. We carried our floats and walked over to the paved area. Ah, clear blue water, cool and not too deep. We jumped into the deep end and lingered there, kissing and discreetly touching under the water. I cupped his hard cock, my fingers searching for his full balls, massaging them. 

We ordered drinks, and climbed from the pool, lounging in the sun. Greg applied lotion to my exposed skin, lingering longer than I thought necessary. His fingers slowly massaged my skin, the drink affecting my mind. Greg knows me so well. Many days, he has come home from work to find me sunning in the backyard, and I attack him as soon as I see him. There is something about the bright sun and being naked or nearly so, it makes me crave sex. The longer we sat in the lounge chairs, the longer I sipped my drink and let Greg lotion me, the more my desire grew. I was nearly moaning with longing. Greg kept ordering drinks, innocent pink drinks, with tiny umbrellas. Sweet drinks that went straight to my center and made me ache. My legs fell open as Greg massaged my thighs. I concentrated on his hand, willing him to touch me THERE, right THERE, right on the aching center. But now it was his turn to tease and make me wait. He was perfectly well-behaved, ignoring the little moans I made.

The sun began setting. It was spectacular, seeming to sink slowly into the water, to be extinquished by the waves. The colors were glorious. We cuddled on the chaise, watching, kissing, sipping our innocent drinks. As the dusk gathered, Greg helped me from the chair. He carried both our floats and held me upright, guiding me to our room. Once there, he went to the bathroom, filling the tub with softly scented water, assisting me into it. He rolled up a towel behind my head, encouraging me to lean back and relax. He lit candles, moving about the room, busily making it a romantic haven. He left me to soak and I could hear him in the bedroom. 

I was nearly asleep when he came back to me. He knelt beside the bath and soaped up a cloth, washing me lovingly. I must admit, I was in a state of arousal that was beyond anything I had ever experienced. The sun, the drinks, Greg himself, all incited my passion.

When I entered the bedroom, I was delighted. Candles flickered everywhere. The curtains were open, the breeze filling the room. He had turned back the bed, the sheets glowing in the dim light. As I approached the bed, I looked out the window and stopped, amazed. Our floats were out on the balcony. They were side by side and made up like a bed, with crisp sheets and pillows stacked enticingly. The coverlet was draped over the iron railing, making our balcony a cozy little love nest, hidden from the beach strollers.

I stepped into a sheer black teddy, snapping between my legs, pulling up the tiny straps. I walked outside, stepping carefully over the floats, to the balcony railing. Being on the third floor, we seemed almost beach level. I could easily see the people playing volleyball, nearly smell the dinners being made over small fires. I looked up. The balconies on the fourth floor looked directly down on ours. Greg had placed candles on the table, lighting our balcony, illuminating our "bed".

He stepped up behind me. Lifting my hair, he began kissing my neck, his soft lips moving up and down that tender skin, making goosebumps on my arms and shoulders. His hands slipped under the straps, pulling them off my shoulders, down my arms. My nipples hardened with excitement. I could easily see the people on the beach, so they must be able to see me! I also knew that anyone on the floors above us could step out and glance down and watch the seduction taking place. I loved it!

The railing reached the top of my breasts. I stood very still as Greg lowered the teddy to my waist, his hands reaching around me, cupping and teasing my flesh. He pinched my nipples, pulling them, making them ache with need. His hands moved down my belly, feeling my smooth skin, circling. His mouth moved down my spine, kissing and licking me. The cool breeze made the moisture dry nearly immediately. Occasionally, he would nip, a tiny bite that made me cry out his name. He chuckled and continued his path, making my hips sway with desire. He was kissing my ass, his tongue sliding over the sheer fabric, pushing it into me. I felt his fingers between my legs, sliding up my inner thighs. I spread my legs for him, sure he could smell my excitement. I felt him touch my mound, then heard the snaps popping open. His fingertips combed my curlies, sliding through them, searching. Then he found it. The wet, swollen slit he sought. His finger slid along the length of it, moving deeper with each stroke. He barely touched my clit, yet I jumped from the contact. I stood there, my lover behind me, making love to me, while watching the people on the beach enjoying a summer night. He pulled the teddy up, around my waist, joining the other fabric. I was naked except for the strip of gossamer black cloth around my waist. Now his mouth began feasting on me. He kissed my asscheeks, licking his way up and down and around them. He separated the flesh and slid his tongue along the valley he found there. He lingered on my tiny rosebud, circling and plunging as much as possible, knowing I love this type of play. Then he pushed my legs farther apart, moving his face between my legs, seeking my slit with his tongue. He probed me, sliding up to my clit, licking and sucking on it, making me nearly weak with pleasure. He pushed his tongue into my pussy, fucking me with an intense rhythm, making me push my hips against his face, wanting to bury him in my wet pinkness.

I leaned my arms on the railing, holding myself up as he made love to me. I looked up and saw our neighbors, happily watching from above, taking in the scene and enjoying it immensely. Knowing they were watching, I began to massage my aching breasts, pulling the nipples, pinching them, enjoying the light pain I was creating. 

My hips were moving frantically. I pushed back repeatedly against his searching tongue, I needed to feel him deep inside me, I needed to be fucked now.

Greg pulled me down, making sure I was comfortable on the float. He positioned a pillow beneath my ass, raising my swollen pussy higher, opening me further. If he knew we were being watched, he didn't acknowledge it. He knelt between my legs, and buried his face inside me again. He shook his head, he dove and plunged, making small whirring noises with his tongue as he ravaged me. I reached up and moved the quilt, pushing it aside, exposing us from the waist up. I wasn't sure that anyone was looking up from the beach, but it thrilled me to think they would. I could look up and see the couple above us, totally involved in our little show, touching each other as they watched us.

Greg continued to lick me, knowing I was close. My legs were locking, my moans were growing louder, and my hips were thrusting against his face hard and fast. He held on, wanting to be sucking my clit when I came. I held his head, grabbed his hair and let the feeling sweep through me, coming hard, screaming with joy and satisfaction. As soon as he felt the orgasm ripping through me, Greg pulled from my grasp and sat upright. He plunged his shiny hard cock deep inside me, fucking me with all the pent-up sexual energy of the last few days. He "accidentally" pulled the quilt from the railing, exposing us to the beach people, my legs high in the air, Greg fucking me with hard, long strokes. His fingers reached for my nipples, pulling them and enjoying my deep, grunting cries. His cock was so deep inside me, so much a part of me. I rocked with him, fucked him back, feeling the hot tightness returning. He held my legs over his shoulders, pulling my ass closer to him with each thrust. I could feel the heat, the quiver moving up my legs, reaching my well-fucked pussy and igniting there. My muscles clamped onto his cock, pulling it deeper and deeper into the hot pinkness. I cried out his name, saying over and over that I loved him. 

Suddenly, he stopped moving. I could feel his cock hardbeating inside me, throbbing, swelling. His face was a mask of pleasure, his mouth tight with need. Then he exploded. I felt his hot come filling me, spilling into me and out of me as I milked him. He held my ass cheeks tightly as he continued thrusting, slower now, the appetite slaked. He fell on top of me, his skin hot and covered with sweat. His breathing was ragged and tight, his hands wound deeply in my hair, holding my face to his. 

We breathed into each other's mouths, whispering words of love and happiness. He settled on me, molding his body to mine. I could see our neighbors on the fourth floor move hurriedly inside and I wished them happiness and fun. I held Greg to me, running my fingers up and down his spine.

What a wonderful view from the balcony. Thank you so much, Greg," I whispered happily.

THE END....