 I would like to thank the very talented Literotica author, Schuppzigh for his editing expertise, and other help, in seeing me through my first story.

Vignette 1 begins a series of short stories, which are "fictionalized" versions of what actually happened to me over the past 30 years. I'm currently 70. These events represent occurrences primarily of a sexual nature that had a major influence on me, contributing to my ever-increasing tolerance and understanding of men and women. I'm a brand new writer with the exception of a few class papers in school, so bear with me and it is hoped that the reader will see fit to offer constructive criticism.

************************* 

May 1981

I was the newly appointed Pan American World Airways Director of their operations in Peking, People's Republic of China, and I had flown from Peking to New York to accompany my girlfriend Kyla back to China for a visit. She'd been begging me to arrange for a visa and I couldn't turn her down even if I'd wanted to. I was in love, and I had missed her horribly.

Kyla was beautiful in a cute way, with dark, almost black hair, tumbling in curls and ringlets to the tops of her shoulders; the most gorgeous blue eyes, along with creamy white skin with a few freckles scattered across her nose, cheeks and breasts.

She was a petite thing, weighing 95-100 pounds depending on whether it was before or after her shower, 5'2" and 36C breasts with half inch nipples, that were hard all the time and extremely sensitive. She was fully shaved and usually waxed and constantly wet. If her nipples were sticking out; she was wet.

Of course, I did my part in keeping her that way. I mean, You have to help a girl out, right?

Perhaps her most appealing trait, as well as her most confounding, was that she loved men in all their forms just as I now love women. When she was with you, she was with you only, and she had a way of making you feel like a million bucks. When she wasn't with you, chances are she was making someone else feel great.

So, when I was assigned to the capital city of China, we decided that since we'd be away from each other for weeks, maybe months at a time, we'd not be exclusive. As it turned this arrangement worked out well for both of us.

I had a rough time of it for a few weeks, feeling jealous; wondering what she was doing or who she was seeing, but eventually, I began to see other women and started my growth into what I am today.

Jealousy has no part in my life any more! It's a very destructive thing. Kyla did eventually get married, but I've never remarried. I still measure every woman I meet, against Kyla and they haven't measured up. I still love her 30 years later.

************************* 

Kyla also worked for Pan Am, which is how we met, and we were flying on free employee passes but they were "standby" which means that we got what seats were left after all the paying passengers boarded the plane.

Our tickets were good for first class but none were available at boarding time and we were assigned the last row of business class, which, as it turned out was very fortuitous.

There were 4 seats in our center row, with a low bulkhead directly behind us and curtains that separated business class from economy. Having four seats to ourselves allowed one of us to stretch out and sleep if we wanted.

Kyla was a 'fearful flyer' and a bit claustrophobic even though she worked for an airline, and we had flown thousands of miles together. After every flight, my arms and legs were black and blue from her grabbing and clinching them. She'd take several Valium tablets before flying, although they had little to no effect.

There was really only one method to keep her fear more bearable and that was to take her mind off the fact that she was flying at 41,000 feet in the air. Keeping her aroused, kept her mind off the fact that the 747SP she was on weighed 168 tons; and there were only 40 built. Yep, she needed to be kept hot and horny as much as possible.

Oh, and I loved to fly with her!

Finally, it was time for the "standby" passengers to board. Kyla and I were at the rear of the line. I looked up and saw that Liv, a stewardess I knew, was the greeter at the entrance to the aircraft.

She and I had spent a very hot wonderful night together at the airport hotel in Tokyo about a week before. Oh, damn I thought! I certainly hope she doesn't say anything in front of Kyla, but she was cool. She just said 'hello' with a huge smile and after Kyla had walked past, Liv reached out and grabbed my ass. I must've reacted with some involuntary sound because Kyla turned and asked me what was wrong.

I told her that I'd stubbed my toe. I now knew that this flight had the potential to be very exciting! Liv was a tall blonde Norwegian who was gorgeous, had huge tits, a beautiful ass and legs that went all the way to the ground. I also knew that she was very uninhibited.

Kyla and I got to our assigned seats, stowed our carry-on luggage, fastened our seat belts and assumed the position. Kyla put her left arm around my waist putting a death grip on my left thigh, pulling herself into me, while rubbing her left tit on my right side at the same time.

I put my right arm over her shoulder near her neck, letting my hand drop to her right tit, starting to play with her magnificent and sensitive nipple. She groaned and her breathing quickened; She was ready for takeoff.

While the flight crew was readying the aircraft for takeoff, with the Chief Purser making the FAA required safety briefing, the Purser, along with the other stewardesses, walked up and down the aisles, making sure everyone had their seat belts fastened, the seat back trays were up and locked, and they had all their carry-on items stowed properly. With the requirement of having one stewardess per fifty passengers, there were a total of five aboard, which includes the Chief Purser and Purser.

The Captain came on the speaker and said, "Cabin crew please take your seats" and the giant 747 roared down the runway, lifting into the air. Kyla was groaning and I don't think it had anything to do with my frantically flicking of her nipples with my finger.

Shortly after liftoff, the landing gear retracted causing a bit of bumping and grinding; Kyla left her finger marks on my thigh that probably are still there!

About an hour into the flight, the stewardess' turned back on all the lights and started taking dinner orders. I ordered steak, while Kyla decided to try the chicken. We'd reached our cruising altitude for the flight, which, in this case, was 41,000 feet and the flight had smoothed out considerably, which left Kyla relaxed enough to eat her dinner. We both had a glass of wine with the meal, leaving us both sleepy.

A little later the stewardesses came back and cleared away the meal trays, along with the leftovers, and announced that they would be starting the movie in a few minutes. She announced it was the John Wayne Classic, True Grit. I'd seen it before and Kyla had no desire to watch it.

The lights were dimmed; most passengers started closing their window shades, which made the interior rather dark. You could still see, but not very well. 

Kyla stretched out supine in the empty seats, putting her head in my lap facing me. She grabbed my cock through my trousers and, turning her head to her left, started breathing evenly and was asleep in a few minutes. I covered her with an airline blanket and reclined my seat back as far as it would go and quickly fell asleep myself, cuddling her breasts which were my responsibility; which I accepted with great pride and love!

I awoke from a deep sleep, an hour later and in the process of slowly awakening, I thought I was dreaming I was getting a blowjob. As I became more and more awake, I looked down and Kyla was indeed sucking on my cock. She'd pulled the blanket over her head, unzipped my pants and her head was bouncing up and down like a yo-yo!

I very nearly panicked, because we were both employees of the airline and, if caught, we could both be fired,at the very least! I placed my hand on the back of her head and pushed tao stop the bouncing. It would have been very obvious to anyone walking by, what was going on, if they had cared to look.

Kyla said a muffled "What the fuck?" She really gets into what she's doing and becomes irritated if she gets interrupted. Of course, it doesn't do me any good either when she's interrupted! I leaned over and quietly told her to carry on, and I'd keep watch, but if she feels a tap on her head, that means someone's coming and she was to stop until the second tap.

I looked around the cabin nearby, only one woman in her late 20s was seated nearby and she'd be able to see rather easily, just by turning her head. Most of the stewardesses were relaxing in the "break room", a small room with a few bunks, located just forward of the first class cabin to accommodate relief crews.

Kyla had resumed her sucking, and it felt fantastic! She'd lick all around the head at the top of every three or four strokes and "corkscrewed" on the down stroke all the way to the base of my shaft and reversed the stroke on the way back up. I was getting really turned on, and I wanted to get more actively involved.

I pulled her dress up, but still under the blanket, and started massaging her bare mound with all my fingers. To my delight, I discovered that she wasn't wearing any panties. My middle finger split her pussy lips, bypassing her clitoris for the time being, and inserted it into her as far as it would go, drawing a gasp along with a moan from her. She didn't miss a beat on my cock. We continued like this for about ten minutes when I decided to 'up the ante' a bit.

I took my finger out of her pussy and traced circles around her clitoris, then flicked it directly. Kyla's body stiffened and she arched her back from the seat, moaning too loudly. I knew that someone could have heard her and looked around.

The woman I'd worried about before, was looking directly at me with her eyes like saucers and her mouth wide open. Busted! She looked me straight in the eye and mouthed, "It's OK!"

So, I relaxed, and Kyla picked up the pace! I was so close to cumming, when Liv puts her head over the bulkhead, and whispers to me, "Having fun yet?" I replied, "imminently" and then she sticks her tongue in my ear! I started to cum big time. It felt like it was coming from my toes to my cock like a freight train and nothing was going to stop it.

I tried to warn Kyla that it was going to be a big one, but I was too late! I stiffened, my cock started jumping and squirting, pumping my cum directly into Kyla's mouth and throat, nearly drowning her and causing her to have another orgasm. Liv, who had been watching, came around to Kyla and whispered in her ear, "I want his cum!"

Kyla rose up, looking at Liv and pursed her lips. Liv put her full lips around Kyla's and Kyla blew my cum into Liv's mouth! Liv then walked over to the woman sitting watching all of this and raised her eyebrows questioningly. The woman gasped, "Oh yes!"

Then Liv kissed the woman and tongued my cum into her mouth. I believe that all three women then orgasmed. I know Kyla did. She then looked up at me and said, "Jerry, What the fuck!"