 When the doorbell rang the next morning, Vijaya glanced out the living room window to see her lecherous neighbor out in front and she felt herself tense while a ripple of distaste coursed through her. 

She had never met anyone she disliked more than her owner's son-in-law. Everything about Ashok set her teeth on edge. 

She answered the door with a grim look on her face, hoping that Ashok would pick up his television set and leave without stopping to pass the time of day with her. 

She hated his boastful manner and parasitic tendencies. If I don't think of some way to get rid of him, Ashok will invite himself to lunch, Vijaya thought, opening the front door. 

Ashok stood with his lanky form draped in the doorway, a cigarette drooping from his sullen lips. He appraised Vijaya's conservative outfit with cold, narrowed eyes. "Well now," he said in a mocking tone. "Don't you look sweet this morning!"

Vijaya was suddenly self-conscious about her conservative blouse and long nightgown. Ashok undoubtedly preferred seeing the opposite sex clad in something sexier, but Vijaya dressed to please her husband. 

And Uday liked to see her dressed decently, even around the house. Ashok, however, would probably have preferred to find Vijaya in a pair of tight jeans and a low-cut sweater, trying to ignore his thinly veiled sarcasm, Vijaya pasted a thin smile on her face and stepped backward, inviting him in. 

"Guess you've come for your television set," she said, trying to keep her voice pleasant. She gestured toward the portable set on the floor. "It's all ready for you," she went on. "The picture is really great now. Uday's got it fixed up like new."

Ashok took a drag-on his cigarette, glancing at the set with a bored expression. "Is Dolll at nursery school?" he asked, his pale-blue eyes darting about. Vijaya nodded, grateful that Ashok had come while her daughter was away. Otherwise, he might stop and play with Dolll, staying for hours. 

The only redeeming quality about her lecherous neighbor was the fact that he did seem genuinely fond of his young niece. 

The only real generosity he'd ever shown was toward little Dolll. He seldom came over without some sort of present for the girl. "I don't go pick her up until one o'clock," Vijaya explained, hoping the information would discourage him from sticking around. It was only a little after ten now. And Vijaya certainly did not welcome of having Ashok park himself for three more hours. "It's just as well," he said, crushing his cigarette in a nearby ashtray. "It's you I've come to see, anyhow," he added, looking at her with a strange grin.

Vijaya felt a flicker of annoyance. Why didn't he just pick up his television set and leave, she thought with exasperation. Didn't he realize that she had things to do?

She cleared her throat, quickly searching her mind for some phony excuse to get rid of him. "Well, I was just about to go out to do some grocery shopping, the supermarket has some good specials I can't afford to pass up. And it's much easier for me to shop without Dolll." Her lecherous neighbor crossed his arms and gave her a long look. "Is that right?" he asked, a smug look on his thin face. "Well now, bhabhi," he drawled, his lips twisting into a smirk, "it looks like you're just gonna have to postpone that shopping trip for a while."

The false smile left Vijaya's face to be replaced with a frown. Who did Ashok think he was anyway? "I'm sorry, Ashok," she said in a cold voice. "But I've already planned my day." 

She walked over to the television set, lifted it and handed it to him in a gesture of dismissal. "Maybe you can come back sometime when Uday and Dolll are here," she told him. That way, Vijaya could leave the entertaining of this neighbor friend up to her husband while she went about her business.

Ashok took the TV set from her and set it down. "Oh, I don't think that would be such a good idea, Vijaya dear," he said, reaching into the pocket of his leather jacket. "Not unless you want your husband and daughter to see these!" His thick lips stretching into a sneer, he withdrew an envelope. His pale-blue eyes never leaving Vijaya's face, the young man removed the contents of the envelope and held them up in front of her.

Vijaya breathed a gasp of horror and her green eyes grew round as she stared, her mouth open and her jaw slack. For the lecherous neighbor she so despised was holding up copies of the four photographs she had received in the mail the day before! "Where did you get these?" she croaked, her cheeks flushing crimson.

"Down at my friendly neighborhood porno shop," he replied, his sneer intensifying. "And they've got lots more. Why, dear?" he taunted, his sneer stretching into a mocking grin. "Did you want a set for your family album?" he asked, thrusting the lewd photos at her.

"You!" Vijaya choked, clutching her throat as she held the pictures. "You sent the letter!"

"That's right, sweetie," Ashok said, unzipping his jacket. "My, you do catch on fast, don't you, Vijaya?"

"What is it you want?" she asked, her voice a ragged whisper. "I ... I can't give you much, Ashok. Only about some money a week!"

Ashok tossed his jacket on a nearby chair, an unpleasant smile on his thin face. "Oh, I don't want your money, sweet Vijaya," he told her, unbuttoning his shirt. "That would be like stealing from my own brother, don't you agree? I mean, after all, whatever you get comes from him, right?"

Vijaya's mouth felt like cotton and her heart pounded with fear. "You ... you're going to tell Uday, aren't you?" she asked, her voice cracking. "Not unless you make me, sweet Vijaya," he said, removing his shirt. Vijaya watched her lecherous neighbor fumble with his trousers and felt her heart skip a beat. "What do you mean?" she asked in a shaky voice.

"I mean, all you have to do is cooperate, baby," Ashok told her, unzipping his fly. "You know what a fun-loving guy I am, don't you, honey?" He let his pants drop to the floor, then stepped out of them, standing before her in just a T-shirt and jockey shorts. "And that's all I'm here for, sweetie so you and me can have ourselves a little fun!"

As Vijaya gasped in open-mouthed disbelief, Ashok reached out to grab the lewd photos from her. "The same kind of fun you seemed to be having when these pictures were taken," he added, returning the photos to his jacket pocket. All the color drained from the beauty's face as the meaning of his words became clear. 

Her lecherous neighbor was blackmailing her, all right! But it wasn't cold cash that he wanted. Instead, he lusted for hot flesh and blood. It was her body, not her money that he wanted! Vijaya took a step forward, her face beseeching. "But, Ashok, you don't understand. I posed for those photos years ago! Before I even met Uday! Those pictures don't have anything to do with now!"

Ashok lifted his T-shirt, his eyes cold. "That's where you're wrong, baby," he told her pulling the undergarment over his head. "Those pictures have plenty to do with now because if you don't play along with me now, I'll blow the whistle on you to my brother!"

The lovely Vijaya stared at her nearly nude lecherous neighbor with a helpless look on her pretty face. As she stood in front of him, pale and trembling, she felt trapped and frightened. Having sex with the man she loathed made her stomach churn, but Vijaya did not know what else she could do. Uday trusted her, held her on a pedestal. Learning about the obscene modeling she'd done would surely destroy all feelings he had for her. 

If Uday should learn of her sordid past, he would be so disillusioned that the love he now felt for her would cease to exist! And Vijaya loved Uday so desperately that she would do anything she could to keep their marriage intact including agreeing to Ashok's sexual demands. Even though the thought of having sex with her lecherous neighbor turned her stomach, it was better than losing the man she loved.

Vijaya's jade eyes dropped to the slight bulge between Ashok's legs.

"You mean," she began, swallowing hard, "that if I do what you want, you'll keep my secret?"

"Sure, baby," Ashok said. "All you have to do is let me have my fun, okay? After all, you were willing to let those guys in the photos have their fun with you. And they weren't even related, like we are. Then once I've had my fill of you, I'll never mention those photos again." He gave her a lascivious grin, his eyes traveling over the length of her voluptuous figure. "What d'ya say, honey? Is it a deal?"

Believing that Ashok would keep his end of the bargain, Vijaya nodded. "It's a deal."

"Good, then that's settled," he said, grinning lasciviously. "Now all you have to do is get comfy, dear sister-in-law. Just like I did." When he saw the fright reflected in Vijaya's jade eyes, he chuckled. "Take off your clothes, honey. 

All except your bra and panty, that is," he added, licking his lips. "Keep those on." When Vijaya hesitated, staring at him with round eyes, Ashok snapped his fingers. "I said strip!" he ordered, taking a step forward. Then his eyes darted to the radio onthe end table and he smiled. "Or maybe you want to undress to music, huh, Vijaya?" 

He walked over to the radio and turned the knob, a sudden blast of rock music piercing the air. "There," he smirked, flopping down on the sofa. "That's better."

Vijaya's fingers removed her saree and then moved to the buttons of her blouse while Ashok sat back and leered at her. 

For some reason, stripping for her obnoxious lecherous neighbor was much more difficult than stripping for strangers had been during her brief modeling career. That had been just a job, one she was getting paid for. But following Ashok's orders put things on a strictly personal basis and she felt embarrassed and humiliated. 

"Dance!" Ashok ordered, watching her open her blouse, his eyes bright with lust.

Blinking back tears, Vijaya did as she was told, moving her feet to the heavy rock beat. She shed her blouse and let it drop to the carpet, feeling Ashok's icy stare focus on her black satin bra. She had been aware of his eyes on her boobs in the past but his glance had always been surreptitious. 

Now he gazed boldy, his tongue sliding across his thick lips at the sight of her pale flesh spilling out of the 34-D bra. "Take off your bra!" he commanded, his penis growing in his shorts. Feeling her cheeks brighten, Vijaya reached behind her back to unhook the garment. She let the black bra slide down her shoulders, then fall to the rug, releasing her mammoth tits. She heard Ashok gasp as they loomed forward in rounded magnificence, their bright rosettes tightening into twin rosebuds at their sudden nudity.

"Shit, you really got a great pair of boobs, honey!" he praised, his hand lowering to the hot swelling in his shorts. He grabbed his growing prick and fondled it unabashedly as he eyed her firm mounds of ivory flesh. "Mmmmmm, I can't wait to have a go at them."

Moving in time to the music, Vijaya unzipped her petticoat and stepped out of it, tossing the garment to the floor. Doing a pirouette, she lowered her lacy half-slip. Once that garment was discarded, the lovely dusky beauty had only her white lace panties to shed. 

Wriggling her shapely hips, she eased out of them, letting them drop to the floor. Whirling, she turned to face her lecherous neighbor clad only in a black see through leggings of nylon "Now let's see you dance for me, honey," Ashok ordered, his eyes bright as he gazed at the dark triangle of fuzz between her outstretched legs. "Really move!"

Her face bright with humiliation, the pretty south Indian dusky slut wriggled her hips and moved her legs in time to the heavy beat of the music. 

Her long dark hair whirled as she gyrated and turned, giving Ashok the opportunity to ogle her luscious naked body from every angle. Her big tits jiggled enticingly, their rosy nipples looming forward. 

She saw her brother-in- law caress his growing erection as his pale eyes devoured her nude body, his big lips hanging loosely. And she loathed the man as never before! 

Ashok felt his hot prick expand rapidly at the delectable sight in front of him. Vijaya was really built and her enormous boobs were so nice and firm and high. The way they bobbed and undulated when she performed her disco dance really turned him on. And seeing her naked, except for her skimpy covering of nylon, made his throbbing cock mushroom even faster. 

The sharp contrast of her pale thighs and abdomen against the shiny black satin stimulated the young man as much as if Vijaya were stark naked. The dark nylon stockings and high-heeled shoes made her shapely legs seem even more appealing. But now Ashok wanted to do more than merely look at her luscious nudity. Wearing an evil grin, he rose from the sofa to turn off the blaring music. 

He went over to his pretty neighbor of who also happened to be his cousin's wife and so his sister-in-law and stood in front of her with his shorts bulging at the crotch area. He bent down to draw a bright nipple into his mouth, squeezing the pale flesh surrounding the brown rosette while his other hand reached down to finger the slit of her hesitating pussy. Vijaya gasped at the feel of his warm mouth upon her breast and the pressure of his fingers upon her sensitive cuntal tissues. Still, she dared not pull away. They had made a deal and she had no choice but to abide by it so that he would not reveal her dark past to her beloved husband.

His greedy lips moved from one rosy tip to the other, sucking voraciously while he dug his fingers into her fuzzy crotch. Despite the fact that she despised the man whose mouth was pressed against her ample breasts, warm tingly sensations coursed through her naked body and the nubof her clitoris rose hotly under his persistent fingers. 

Fully aware of the speed with which Vijaya's tiny bud of femininity was responding to his caress, Ashok withdrew his mouth from her distended nipple to give her a knowing grin. "Like that, don't you, Vijaya?" he asked, rubbing her sensitive organ even harder.

"No!" she gasped, her cheeks flaming even more. But the way that the tiny penis like structure stiffened belied her words.

"Who you tryin' to kid?" he asked, laughing derisively. "You're gettin' all hot and bothered and we both know it." He pulled his hand from between her legs and stood up with the front of his jockey shorts protruding sharply. "On your knees, bitch!" he commanded. Her eyes wide, she quickly complied. "Take off my shorts," he ordered.

Her hands shaking, the kneeling brunette tugged at the elastic waistband, lowering her lecherous neighbor's underwear. 

In seconds, she released his big crimson cock and its fiery tip bobbed menacingly in front of her face while its open glans gazed like a gaping, glaring eye. Smirking at her obvious discomfort, Ashok stepped out of his shorts, aiming his swollen rod directly at his sister-in-law's open mouth. "Now suck!" he told her. When she hesitated, her lips parted and her cheeks flushed, Ashok grabbed a handful of her dark hair to bring her face forward.

"Mmmmmmph!" she grunted as he forced his big hunk of meat into her mouth. She felt his warm penis ram the back of her throat as he jerked his hips, filling her entire mouth with one great phallic thrust. She tried not to gag as the blunt end bumped into her soft palate. Tears of humiliation stinging her eyes, she began to suck. The strong smell of his masculinity pierced her nostrils and she had to remind herself that she was performing this lewd act in order to save her marriage. 

"Squeeze my balls!" he told her, giving her slender hips another forward jerk, sending the tip of his swollen rod down her throat.

Vijaya gagged then drew his distended pole of manhood back into her mouth while she reached obediently to fondle his huge sacs. The twin spheres felt sweaty under her fingers and she fought the urge to pull her hand away. She heard him moan with pleasure at the way her tongue was drawing on his smooth shaft while her hand fondled his hanging testicles. 

Pretend it's Uday's cock you're sucking on and she told herself, fighting nausea. Make believe it's his balls you're squeezing, and it'll be all right! Vijaya squeezed her eyes shut and used her imagination to blot the fact that she was performing fellatio on a man she detested. "Ahhhh, that feels nice, baby!" Ashok encouraged, lacing his fingers through her long mane. "Mmmmm, keep on suckin'!"

Vijaya obeyed, sharply aware of the taste of masculine nectar upon her tongue as his open tip leaked forth its hot juices. Oh, if only this were all some horrible nightmare from which she would soon awaken to find everything right in her world again. 

But Vijaya knew, with sickening clarity, that she was not dreaming, that the warm bubbling organ fucking her tortured mouth was all too real. She also realized that she was totally helpless in this appalling situation, subject to her despicable lecherous neighbor's slightest whim. Oh God, she agonized, her cheeks billowing in and out while her tightly oval mouth slid back and forth, what other perverted acts will he make me perform before he's finished with me?

Breathing hard, the naked young man stood with his heavily lidded eyes taking in the delectable sight of the naked bitch kneeling submissively between his split thighs, her huge melon tits dancing and quivering in time to her rhythmic movements. He saw the tempting curve of her parted ass cheeks and knew that in good time he would knead and caress the pale flesh to his heart's content. 

For now, though, the intruder was content with the magnificent feel of her warm lips and moist tongue on his inflamed rod. He gasped and his legs trembled when Vijaya paused in her sucking to let her tongue swirl around the circumference of his gaping prick head, lapping up its sticky emission. 

The feel of her pointed oral member upon his throbbing sensitive tip made hot bursts of wild sensation course through his naked body. "Faster!" he panted, clawing her long tresses frantically in heated response. Obeying, Vijaya moved her tongue in progressively faster circles while she clutched at the thick base of his massive cock with one hand and kneaded his prickly sacs with the other. 

He moaned when she thrust the tip of her tongue down into the depths of his open glans with maddening force. His balls churned and his fiery cock lurched, sending more of its warm juices into the squatting brunette's mouth. Ashok bucked his pelvis forward to drive his great phallic length deep into Vijaya's throat. "Suck, suck!" he cried. 

He whimpered in appreciation as he felt Vijaya wrap her soft lips into a tight ring around his wildly pounding organ to suck hard. She was laboring diligently now, sucking to please, her dark head twisting and bobbing up and down his pistoning shaft. 

He watched the way her obscenely outstretched lips clung to his hot masculinity on each backstroke of her head. Moaning, he surrendered himself completely to the firm steady pressure of her mouth and tongue, enjoying the way her magnificent protruding tits brushed against his legs as she bobbed up and down. 

As Vijaya continued to suck the lust-bloated pole of masculinity, its warm pre-coital juices coating her tongue, she began to experience a definite involuntary response. She no longer had to pretend that it was her husband's slippery shaft that she held captive in her crowded oral cavity. 

No matter whose cock it was, all that mattered now was the wet satiny feel of the big bubbling spear against her tongue and roof of her mouth. An undeniable swift throbbing started between her parted thighs and she felt a warm trickle of feminine syrup ooze from her fuzzy triangle to dribble down her pale inner thigh. 

Her heart pounded and her entire pelvis area swirled with the heat of desire. She felt just the way she'd felt when she'd sucked cock for the camera years before. As if they possessed a will of their own, her fingers clutched at the base of the swollen organ with a fierce possessiveness, trying to draw every possible inch of warm meat into her oral receptacle. Her other hand kneaded Ashok's firm testicles with renewed vigor, the feel of his big prickly sacs stimulating her even more. Her tongue drew on the warm rod greedily, eager for more of its pungent secretions. She began to moan softly as she sucked, the hot palpitations of her oozing cunt increasing in strength and tempo. What's wrong with me? she wondered, a fleeting moment of sanity stealing over her. How can I LIKE sucking on Ashok's cock when I despise him so? But her silent questions were soon obliterated by the wild fluttering of her wet pussy, the luscious taste of warm pre-coital juices upon her drawing tongue. The naked kneeling brunette tugged on the swollen shaft of manhood as if it were a tasty lollipop that she couldn't get enough of, for her mouth hungered for more than just tantalizing trickles of pre-seminal juices. 
