 "It's been too long, Craig thought to himself as he cruised up the familiar driveway to his favorite winery. He tried to get away from his stereo shop at as many times as he could to pursue his second passion; the rich red Napa Valley Cabernets.

Craig walked into the tasting room like he owned the place, and perhaps one day he should own it with the huge portions of his income he'd shelled out over the years. Even though it had been over a year since he had last visited, Ricki, the tasting room manager had poured him a glass of red deliciousness before he reached the barstool. 

"Reece told me to tell you that he had something come up. Make yourself at home and he'll meet you tomorrow," chirped Ricki. The message wasn't a huge surprise, since Reece had the kind of prima donna attitude of the best artists, chefs and winemakers. The message barely registered with Craig, he was too busy studying the only other person in the room. 

"I can't believe she left with that asshole." Her green eyes flashed with anger and a slight glassiness of an afternoon of wine tasting. "I brought her here to cheer her up and she did this to me." 

"She's been here for two hours waiting for her friend," whispered Ricki.

"I think I can handle this for you if you need to go home," replied Craig.

"Oh, I bet you can," giving Craig a big wink. The tasting room was supposed to close over a half hour ago. "Be my guest, you go right ahead. You know where everything is," sighed Ricki.

Craig got up and moved next to the green eyed beauty. She was right on the ball and turned towards him and said in a sultry to die for voice, "Hi, IÕm Laura."

She wore a green shirt buttoned to the exact point of being high enough to be classy, but exactly low enough to inspire lustful thoughts of gropes. Her skirt was not short, but the slit was enough to make Craig dream of her thighs for weeks. She had curves in all the right places. 

"Why hello there, I'm Craig," he said with his steamy eye look. "Can I take you home, or may I show you around the vineyards?" asked Craig. 

Sitting there staring back at her phone and remembering how a few minutes ago the promise she made to have fun no matter what, she turned back to Craig with a look of desire in her eyes. "Show me the vineyards," Laura purred, with a sudden change in attitude as she drank in Craig's features as he did the same with hers.

"In fact," she demanded, "feed me some grapes," as they walked into the rows of vines. 

Trying not to laugh, he said to her, "You might not like it, wine grapes are not like super market grapes." He knew these grapes were just about a week from harvest. 

"Try me," she said with daring lustful eyes. 

Craig picked up a cluster of grapes that were intended for $100 a bottle Cabernet and held them out for her to indulge in. Laura's mouth bit into the dark, sweet/tart grape cluster while letting her tongue pass along his fingers. Craig impulsively bent down and sucked at the deep red juices dribbling down her chin. Their tongues entwined mixing the subtle tastes of sweet and tartness across their mouths. Dropping the rest of the grapes, Craig grabbed her nice firmly rounded buttocks as her hand reached to his crotch, finding his stiffening manhood through his slacks. With one hand on her round ass, he pulled her against him and with the other Craig now grabbed her left breast he had been lusting after since first seeing her in tasting room. 

Laura moved her hand now to the belt buckle of his pants and was pulling and tugging to help free it from the barrier it was trying to protect. While working on freeing his pants button, she bent down trailing kisses down his chest to the pants line. She took the zipper of his slacks between her teeth and looked up at him while pulling the zipper down with lust filled eyes. Finally freeing his hard cock from his slacks, Laura made herself more comfortable by getting down on her knees, taking his thick cock into her hands. While Craig did not have porn-star length, he did have world class thickness and Laura took him with some difficulty. He was surprised how big his cock looked in her amazing small and tight mouth. He started thinking about how her tight wet pussy would feel as he leaned his head back while she continued bobbing her head up and back with insistent rhythm. He pulled her hair back away from her face to watch her work her magic. There was still a deep crimson red of grape juice on her lips as she worked him. Laura now began massaging his balls at the same time as sucking his hard luscious cock. Craig knew she was determined to drain every bit of his ooey goodness from his body. He fought the urge to thrust as she brought him closer and closer to orgasm. He could no longer take it as she ran a finger back towards his asshole and slowly massaged between his asshole and his balls. Craig moaned a deep hearty groan of pleasure as he pumped his load into her mouth and she took it as hungrily as she took the grapes a few minutes before. 

With a satisfied look on Laura's face, she got up to go back to the parking lot, but the tour was far from over in Craig's mind. Craig pulled her to him and the kissed once again. He could taste his salty sweetness on her tongue still. He had never done this before, but for some reason he was enjoying the mix of her wine soaked saliva with his taste in her mouth. He was getting turned on again at the thought of the kiss in itself. Craig felt weak in the knees and pulled her to the ground with him, pushing up her skirt. Laura was purring like a like while he licked her inner thigh and blew his hot breath on it. She began to squirm around as he moved his hands closer and closer to her G-string and barely making contact before pulling away. Finally, he bent down and with his teeth began to pull the G-string to the side, while letting his tongue dart out and taste her sweet honey pot. Craig could no longer take it and Laura was surely no longer able to take it either. He pulled off her g-string and plunged his tongue once again into her wet snatch. Searching her wet pussy, he found her little button sized clit and went at it with the hunger she had for his cock. Running his tongue up and down it and piercing it with his tongue back and forth she moaned with pleasure. He then sank his teeth down and nibbled her clit at the same time as he took two of his long thick fingers and plunging them into her dripping wet pussy. She gasped with pleasure and rose her hips off the dirt and grape scented ground. He knew exactly where to reach now with her hips up for the taking. 

Craig used his other hand and held her right buttocks up in the air and told her to not lower her hips no matter what. She was squirming at this point as she swearing in French at him to fuck her in so many different words. Oh there was so many things about this young woman he wanted to know more about. With his fingers still inside her working in the come here motion, he found what he was looking for, her g-spot. Rubbing and rubbing while still nibbling on her clit she was now having a hard time keeping her hips up, because of the intense pleasure she was receiving. She began to lower her hips and as Craig warned her, he stopped completely. Laura with a flabbergasted look on of yearning on her face thrust her hips so high up in the air. Craig was pleased with this and began to continue what he was doing before he was rudely interrupted with her hips dropping. Now, he knew she was getting close again, for her swearing was more intense and she was now gripping his hair with urgency. 

Craig wanted to get her off with the same explosiveness that she did to him. He took his free hand and began to rub her ass while it was propped up in the air. Running his finger up and down the area to her pussy getting all the juices she has been releasing he took that finger and slowly worked its way into her asshole. Laura's eyes became so wide she didn't know what to do. She automatically started to raise her hips higher, but with that he countered and continued to move his fingers in and out of her asshole and her pussy while still sucking and nibbling on her clit. She began to moan and purr in a way she had not done earlier. Laura dropped her hips down just a tad and began to raise up. Craig realized she was trying to ride all of his fingers. He began to move them in and out harder and faster as she moved up and down more and more with a complete new urgency. Laura's hands now began clawing at the soil like she would at the sheets of a bed to thrust herself as far onto his tongue and fingers as she could. Every muscle suddenly contracted and Laura came in sweet waves with her juices now squirting out of her pussy running down his arm between the vines of pleasure. 

Neither one of them had noticed the sunset during their "vineyard tour". In the dusk, they headed back to the winery. Thinking Laura's tour was over she turned to Craig and said, "I suppose you should take me back."

"But, you haven't seen the winery yet," protested Craig while groping her nice firm tit in his hand. 

"You are right," she replied with a now different gleam in her eyes from even earlier. 

Craig was so entrusted by this woman, even her looks made his whole body begin to quiver in ecstasy. He led her to the barrel room, which was aptly named as all it contained were rows upon rows of wine-filled barrels.

Walking around with widened eyes, "That's a lot of wine!" she exclaimed.

"Want to try it?" Craig asked and before he got an answer he took a long phallic glass tube off of a small table. "This is a wine thief and," he proclaimed, holding up the tool, and opening the plug in the barrel, "and this is the bung hole."

"Perhaps after I know you a little better," Laura bantered back as he plunged the thief into the barrel. When he pulled it out, the thief was full of the inky-crimson, still aging, new vintage of cabernet. He put the thief to her mouth and poured some of the rich, velvety wine into her mouth and the rest into his own.

Looking at her with a new found lust, "Get naked," Craig ordered. Laura gave him a look of desire and obeyed with earnestness. Her ample tits were now glistening pink in the dim cellar light. After she shed her already damp g-string and skirt, she went again to his crotch, but this time Craig stopped her and then demanded, "Turn around."

He reached up and began to caress her neck and back up and down massaging her from behind making her moan in pleasure from the mere touch. He finally rested his hand at the base of her nape. Craig told her to bend over as he helped with his hand still on her nape pushing her over one of the 55 gallon oak barrels. His hand left her nape and ran down her back and her trailed down her ass cupping it at the end. He reached between her legs to her pussy feeling the warm juices that began to accumulate in his fingers and his other hand reached around to the front to grab her beautiful exposed pink nipple. Her nipple hardened against the barrel that was as cool as the vineyard soil had been warm. 

Laura screamed as he thrust is thick cock into her eager pussy. "I'm ready, fuck me hard," Laura pleaded and Craig wasn't ready to argue. He grabbed her hips and pounded her against the round barrel. It wasn't long before he felt her muscles spasm and contract around his thrusting cock. His back arched and he came in waves inside her.

"Don't get dressed," Craig instructed as he saw her reaching for her strewn clothing.

"But we better go."

"Let me show you the guesthouse. It's where I'm staying..."