 Continuing the sexual adventures that began in "Virgin Party Girl"...

After my first time with Steve, it's like he wanted sex all the time. I don't know where he got the money to buy condoms, but he always seemed to have one. I never let him do me without protection, which is pretty funny because there were two times when I got really wasted at house parties and ended up hooking up with guys during the last two months I was Steve's girlfriend.

The first time it was a guy who had been hitting on me whenever Steve went off to talk to his friends, and eventually he followed me into the bathroom! Once there, he started feeling me up - and I didn't stop him. Steve's sexual performance hadn't improved over the months and, honestly, I was tired of having to masturbate just to get off after he had gone to sleep. So this guy was feeling me up and I was getting so hot as we French kissed and ran our hands over each others' bodies. As the music pounded outside, the guy grabbed me by the left arm and twisted it, turning me around. He held my arm against my back and pushed me forward onto the counter. Before I could say anything he had lifted my skirt and literally tore my panties down one side. They fell down around one ankle. He slipped two fingers into my pussy and, I was so ready by then, both went in smoothly. I had never been taken so roughly. It made me so wet. As he slid his fingers in and out, I begged him to fuck me. He soon removed his fingers.

I heard him unzip his pants and then felt the head of his cock being rubbed against my pussy lips. With my free hand I reached in the top of my dress and began twisting and pinching my own left nipple. He then slowly started sliding into me. God, he was so thick! And he just kept sliding in further and further. I didn't know it at the time, but when I saw this cock afterward it must have been about 9" long! Steve's was just under 7" but nowhere near the girth. 

When I finally felt his body pressing against my ass and legs, I thought I was going to be split wide open with all of him inside me. 

But then he started moving. He didn't take it slow. It felt so good so fast. Holding my left arm by the wrist, he grabbed a handful of my hair in the back and pulled. Looking in the bathroom mirror, my head pulled back, I watched as this guy just fucked the hell out of me. My blonde hair was bouncing in rhythm with his thrusts, my mouth was hanging open and, because of all the kissing earlier, my lipstick was smeared all around past my lips. Oh God, it was so wild to see myself being used like this. I had only first met the guy maybe two hours earlier, I was so drunk I didn't even remember what he told me his name was, and here I was in the bathroom being his "fuck toy". 

He started calling me a "filthy slut" and told me to beg for more. Oh did I! I begged him to fuck me harder. I begged him to pull my hair harder. When he did both, it was just too much. I started seeing stars! I glanced at myself in the mirror one more time before my eyes rolled back in my head and my whole body started thrashing about in orgasm. I had never been vocal before but I heard myself yelling, "Oh God! I'm cumming! Keep going! I'm cumming so hard!"

I then felt him gush into me. It wasn't the way it typically happens where I just feel soaked, I could feel heavy spurting coating me inside - once, twice, three times - as he moaned and pushed my upper body down hard on the counter top.

He quickly pulled out and actually thanked me! I briefly saw his cock as he zipped back up. God, he was huge! My panties were tore and useless. I threw them in the wastebasket. I used a tissue to clean off the smeared lipstick and exited the bathroom.

Only a few minutes later, I ran into Steve. He was so drunk and horny. He first demanded to know where I had been but, when I didn't answer, started kissing me and I could feel his hand working its way up my left thigh. Good thing because, at the same time, I was feeling cum running down my right thigh. I grabbed his hand and started leading him back toward the bathroom. On our way down the hall, we passed the guy who had just fucked me! He smiled as he went by.

After Steve and I got in the bathroom, I told him we couldn't have sex because I had a yeast infection. He believed me and asked if I'd give him a blow job instead. So, squatting down, I undid his pants and took his cock in my mouth. I ran my tongue over the tip and down his quickly growing shaft. As I began to work my mouth up and down his length, holding it at the base, I slipped my free hand between my legs and begin to rub my by now drenched clit. I just knew there was cum dripping out of me by this point and splattering all over the bathroom floor. God, that made me hot. I worked my mouth and hand in unison and before long Steve was moaning a bit and begging, "I'm so close, swallow it... oh please!"

I kind of felt like I owed him now, after what had happened, so when he came I let it fill my mouth. I pulled off him and closed my lips. Half smiling, I then closed my eyes and replayed the night in my head as I furiously fingered myself. I was so close. I could hear myself breathing heavier with each passing moment. I tilted my head back so Steve could see my throat and when I felt my stomach muscles tightening, I swallowed his load - even as I felt my fingers and pussy damp with another guy's cum. "Oh fuck..." I whispered as I had my second orgasm of the night.

The second time I cheated on Steve, about a month later, I had gone to a party with some girlfriends. After drinking more than I should have, I felt a little dizzy and went to lay down in a back bedroom. I had only been laying down a few minutes when my horniness overtook what little good sense I had at that point and, despite (or maybe because of) the fact somebody could walk in on me at any moment, I hiked up my skirt and slipped my panties off. Laying on my back, I slowly started running circles around my clit with my fingers. I had just shaved the blonde pubes off the day before and was enjoying the smoothness down there. 

That's when somebody walked out of the bedroom bathroom. I had vaguely noticed the door was shut when I came in, but hadn't thought much about it. Now this guy was looking at me, my fingers on my pussy, and not saying a word. He was older, probably in his late 20s. And he looked so fine!

"Don't stop," he said. I was just drunk enough to obey. I used one hand to rub my clit and, with the other, inserted two fingers in my pussy - slowly working them in and out. I watched the guy as he took off his pants and got closer. He looked at me for a few minutes, then climbed onto the bed! Soon, he was between my legs. I spread my legs further and rested my feet on his thighs as I continued to masturbate. Then he started stroking his cock. He was so close up to me, his cock was now over my stomach. 

We stared into each others' eyes and, when I quickened my pace, so did he. This was so getting me off! Before too long, I started to feel that old familiar tingle that told me it wouldn't be long now.

"I'm gonna cum..." I muttered and that's when he really started jacking himself quickly. "Me too," he added.

I closed my eyes and bit my lower lip. I was whispering "oh", "oh" under my breath. Then I exploded in orgasm, pushing my lower body up with my feet and twitching from side to side. As I bucked against his thighs, I felt hot streams of cum splash onto my right tit and landing across my stomach.

After we both caught our breath, he began scooping his cum up with his fingers and, leaning over, moved his hand toward my mouth. I licked his fingers clean. He repeated this several times until I had taken it all in my mouth. Then, he french kissed me - my tongue still coated with his own cum and everything. He really seemed to like that.

After he got off the bed, I swallowed what little was left in my mouth, rolled over and told him I wanted to rest for a bit. He mumbled something or other and left the room. I ended up getting myself off one more time that night before dressing and returning to the party to go home.

As my relationship with Steve progressed, he got increasingly possessive. While he never found out what I did, maybe he sensed something. He started putting me down, telling me I was stupid or something. Even though he was mean to me outside the bedroom, once in bed he was still gentle as a lamb - and always done in a few minutes. He was also insanely jealous of any guy that paid me any attention, even if it was innocent. But the last straw was the time this guy started chatting me up at school. Steve walked in on the conversation and just looked pissed. The guy happened to be black and, when he left, Steve start saying derogatory things. He even used the n-word. I was shocked and upset. He had made a few comments in the past that left me wondering, but nothing this blatantly offensive. 

That's when I knew I was going to break up with Steve. And I knew just what I had to do to make sure he'd never want me back again. 

But that's a story better left for another time... 

(Part III - coming soon!)