 CHAPTER 1: THE LIBRARY

Vince was in his third year at university, studying anthropology with the hope of pursuing his masters. He was on the older side of a typical third year student, having taken some time off between finishing high school and starting university. After high school, he worked a couple jobs to save some money, and then took a year off to travel, following his dream to travel across the country with nothing more than a backpack and his own two legs. For Vince, it was one last chance of freedom before entering the real world to buckle down and study hard, then find the career that would take him the rest of the way through his life. Never one to settle down, he had a few girlfriends over the years, but relationships were not his forte, and typically only lasted a few months at most before he got bored and moved on to the next adventure in life.

It all started out innocent enough. It was a cool autumn day, and the leaves from the oak trees on campus littered the ground. It was one of those days where it just felt like the clouds could open up at any moment, and soak everything below. Vince had an hour break between classes, but given the looming weather, instead of taking his usual walk around campus, he decided to go to the library and do a little prep for an upcoming assignment he had in one of his courses. Finding a table near a window, he opened up his laptop, put on his headphones, and set to work.

He had only been working for about 15 minutes, when he heard a loud thump behind him. Startled, he took off his headphones and turned around to see a girl bending over to pick up some books she had dropped. She was slim, with long brown hair tied in a ponytail that fell over her shoulder as she was bending over. Vince couldn't help but notice her ample breasts, barely covered by her low-cut top, as she rummaged around on the ground, stacking her books neatly before grabbing the pile and standing back up. When she did, their eyes met, and she froze momentarily. Vince quickly averted his gaze, but couldn't resist a second glance. The girl was still looking at him with her clear blue eyes, then cracked a little smile and continued walking purposefully right past Vince. As she strode by, Vince's eyes fell to her ass. She was wearing skin tight jeans that just seemed to be painted on over her beautifully curved bum that wiggled suggestively side to side, just a little, as she walked. Just before she turned to disappear behind a bookshelf, she took one more glance over her shoulder back at Vince. Seeing him still looking her direction, she gave him a little wink before vanishing behind the books.

Vince couldn't believe it. Who was this girl? He had never seen anyone so beautiful before; she had a gorgeous face, an amazing body, and just the way she walked seemed to exude sensuality. Had she really winked at him as she turned by the bookshelf? Maybe he imagined that. But no, it was definitely real, there was no mistaking that.

Try as he might over the next few days, he couldn't get the image of this girl out of his mind. She was just so gorgeous; she must already have a boyfriend though. Girls like her get snapped up so fast, and have an endless parade of guys just waiting for their opportunity to strike as soon moment arises. But who knows. The one thing he did know was that, one way or the other, he had to see her again, and maybe strike up a conversation. He knew she wasn't in any of his classes; if she was, he would have noticed her by now. Perhaps, he thought, the only way to bump into her again would be another chance encounter in the library. Maybe, just maybe, she has a break at the same time every Tuesday he thought to himself. So Vince hatched a plan to return to the same part of the Library next Tuesday at the same time, and keep his eyes open for this mystery girl.

Tuesday came slowly. Perhaps it was the anticipation and all the thoughts racing in his head over the weekend that made the time drag. Monday came and went at what seemed to be a glacial pace, until finally, his alarm woke him up Tuesday morning for school. He had trouble concentrating at his morning classes, the professors just seemed to drone on and on, and all the time his mind was wandering, thinking of the slender brunette in the library. At last, the bell for his last class before his break rang, and he practically jumped from his seat and raced out the door. It was another cool day, and he knew a shower had just passed through because the ground was damp and the smell of rain was still on the air.

Vince made his way to the library, and picked a similar seat to where he was the previous week. It was a long shot, but this was his most likely chance. Perhaps she is still doing her research in this same area, he thought to himself. He pulled out his laptop once again, and tried to do some studying, but his eyes kept glancing around the room, then back to his watch to check the time. Half an hour came and went, and there was no sign of his girl. He was starting to have his doubts about his plan, but he convinced himself not to give up, and he continued on his computer. Fifteen minutes more and still no sign. This is hopeless, he thought. He packed up his computer, put it back in his bag, and started to walk out of the library. He was discourage, and walking quickly, just looking at the ground and thinking to himself how silly he was to have hoped to see her in the same place again. Vince turned at a shelf, and not watching where he was going, bumped into someone standing just at the entrance to the aisle.

"Oh god, sorry!" Vince blurted out. He immediately looked up, and saw the same piercing blue eyes and brown hair of the girl he saw last week. Her face was smooth without a single blemish, and now he noticed some cute freckles on her cheeks. It was her! He couldn't believe it.

"It's OK, don't worry about it" the girl replied. Her voice was quiet and dainty, with a hint of nervousness behind it.

For a moment, their eyes locked, and the girl lightly bit the corner of her lip. Vince looked down to the book she was carrying. "Introduction to Human Anatomy" it said on the front.

There was a short, awkward silence. To break the tension, Vince commented "You're a biology student?"

"Yes, I'm only in my second year, but I am hoping to be a doctor one day" she replied.

She cracked a little playful smile and squirmed a bit. Vince could tell she liked him, and he smiled back.

"Wow, brains and beauty" he said. "You don't bump into someone like that every day!"

She giggled at his lame joke.

"Listen, I have a class to get to right now" she said. "But I have another break in a couple hours. Meet me back here at 3pm?"

Vince couldn't believe his ears. "Uh, ya, sure" he stammered. "I mean, yes, absolutely, I'll be here!"

"Ok, see you then" she said, as she winked at him again, and walked away. She turned around to look at Vince one last time, and caught him staring at her ass. "My name's Anastasia" she said.

"And I'm Vince" he replied. She smiled, and turned away and walked out of the library.

Vince just couldn't believe what had just happened. What was he thinking? I've got a class in two hours! he thought to himself. Oh well, it was just an elective, a boring lecture on English literature. He could skip it and not be missing much he reasoned. The thought of seeing Anastasia again was just too alluring. She was obviously into him; why else would she want to see him again? Had she been glancing at him the whole time he was working at his desk, from behind the shelf where he bumped into her? Possibly he thought.

The next two hours seemed to drag even slower than the entire last week. He kept staring at the clock during his lectures, and he swore the seconds were ticking off so slowly that the clock was faulty. But checking his watch, he realized that unfortunately the wall clock was correct. The professor droned on and on, as Vince daydreamed to the point he lost track of what class he was in. Finally, the bell rang, and he snapped out of his daydream with a mixture of surprise and excitement. Grabbing his notepad, and stuffing it carelessly in his backpack, he practically raced the other students to the door.

Before he knew it, he was back at the library. He wasn't even fully conscious of how he got there; his memory was just a blur from the time he got out of class until the time he got to the library. But here he was, and his eyes were already darting around the room, searching the people for that familiar freckled face. At first his heart sank; she was nowhere to be seen. Had she been just teasing him all along? No way, he thought, her body language was too sincere, you can't fake that.  She will be here somewhere.

Suddenly, he heard a "psssst" sound, and looked over to where it was coming from, and there was Anastasia. She put her index finger to her lips, indicating to be quiet, and beckoned him over. As he started to walk towards her, she turned and started walking away from him, down one of the many rows of books. He followed her as she winded her way through the many shelves, up a floor, and towards the back of the building. She was wearing similar skin tight jeans she had on the first time he saw her a week ago, and as she walked silently in front of him he gazed at her slender graceful body. She was wearing a white tank top that clung to her light frame, and was just translucent enough to see her bra through.

She led him deeper into the back of the library, where the older, less used books were kept. Shelf after shelf of old featureless books passed by until at last she stopped. For just a moment, she stood there with her back facing Vince, and then suddenly turned towards him, a twinkle in her eye and a naughty smile on her lips. Vince looked down at her large, perky breasts, which her white top stretched drum tight over. He could see every curve, and maybe even a hint of her nipple.

Suddenly, she moved towards Vince until they were standing only inches apart. She put a finger across his lips while staring directly into his eyes, and whispered "don't make a sound."

Without hesitation, she grabbed Vince's pants, and undid the top button, sliding the zipper down. Reaching in, she wrapped her fingers around his already rock-hard cock. She pulled out his throbbing mass with her tiny hand, and began sliding up and down his shaft while staring straight into his eyes. Vince couldn't believe what was going on. "What are you...."

"Shhhhhhh!" she cut him off by putting a finger from her other hand across his lips as she continued to stroke his cock. "I told you to not make a sound"

Anastasia got down on her knees, still holding Vince's cock with one hand while she took her other, and grabbed his shaft as well. Her tiny fingers seemed barely capable of curling around his girth. Leaning up against the bookshelf, Vince put his head back and closed his eyes - he knew exactly what was coming as Anastasia gently massaged his cock. He opened his eyes again and looked down, just in time to see her mouth wrap around the tip of his penis, her lips sliding down the shaft toward her hands. Vince let out a quiet moan as Anastasia rammed his penis fully into her mouth and into the back of her throat as she let go with her hands.

He couldn't believe how good it felt, as Anastasia gently tickled the tip of his cock with her tongue, then thrust it fully into her mouth and throat again, pumping it in and out. She didn't make a sound, just the soft slopping noise of his now well lubricated shaft sliding in and out of her mouth. Without taking it out, she turned her eyes upwards, and their gazes locked again, Vince in complete ecstasy. She then forced his cock deeper still into her throat, deeper than he even thought possible, as he grabbed her head and pushed it into his crotch. He could feel the tip of his penis against the back of her throat, and was getting close to cumming.

Suddenly they released from each other, and Anastasia stood back up, giving her mouth a wipe, and said to Vince "My god, you taste soooooo good."

They started making out, Vince's pants still unzipped and his cock still hard and throbbing from the incredible workout it got in Anastasia's mouth. They were kissing passionately, tongues fully engaged as their body's pressed up against each other. Vince could feel her breasts squeezing against his chest as they locked lips. Anastasia reached for his hand, and guided it down to her own crotch now, where she helped him unzip her pants. Still kissing, she took his hand and thrust it into her panties as she moaned softly. Vince could feel her pussy - it was smooth and shaved, and dripping wet. He rubbed up and down the lips of her vagina with his finger, and then gently slid one into her wet hole. It was so tight, he couldn't believe it! She moaned again as he worked his finger around, then pulled it out again to continue sliding up and down her lips and rubbing her clit.

They stop kissing and she stared at him with a glazed over look, lips slightly parted, as he was playing around in her panties. He could tell she was incredibly horny; he felt her heart racing, heard her heavy breathing, and could see it in her eyes. He slid two fingers into her tight hole, and she threw her head back and moaned louder. What if somebody hears? He thought. But that thought passed quickly, and he ceased to worry, or even care, as passion took over once again.

Her panties were now soaking wet from her sex juices flowing from her love hole. She looked right into his eyes, and said "I want you to fuck me. I want to feel your hard cock deep inside me."

Vince pulled his hands out of her panties and dropped to his knees, pulling her panties and jeans right down as she lifted one leg, then the other free from her clothes. He looked right at her pussy -- it was the most beautiful pussy he'd ever seen, just perfectly shaped, cleanly shaved, with a narrow landing strip of well-trimmed hair just above it. She was clearly very wet down there, thanks to his work with his hands. That made him proud.

"Hurry up, shove that huge cock of yours into me, I want to be fucked like I've never been fucked before!"

Vince stood up, and, grabbing one of her legs, placed it on the third shelf up next to a dusty old book. He now had clear access to her beautiful vagina. Looking straight into her eyes, he grabbed his cock, and touched the tip of the head to her pussy lips.

"Just fuck me, please!" she yelled, almost desperately.

Vince applied pressure to her pussy, and his penis began to slide in. Anastasia moaned as the head slipped in past the lips. She was so tight! He paused slightly, and then pushed again, deeper this time. She was so warm and wet inside; the feeling was just beyond words.

"All the way, I want your cock all the way in!"

He made one final thrust until their groins made contact, and he couldn't thrust any deeper. She threw her head back and moaned as his cock bottomed out inside her. "Yesssss!" she yelled.

Vince began pumping in and out of her, starting very slowly because of her tightness, and ramping up the speed and depth with each thrust. Her hole was so tight; it felt like it was squeezing his cock with every thrust. As he thrust in and out, Vince lifted up her shirt to expose her bra. Her breasts were nearly bulging out, and it didn't take much of a tug to fully expose them. They were absolutely perfect. Beautiful, soft, pale breasts with small perky nipples. He began massaging them as he fucked her up against the bookshelf.

"Yes yes YES! Fuck this pussy!" Anastasia yelled. By now, Vince was thrusting hard and fast into her. "Fuck ya, oh my god. I want you to cum inside me! I want to feel your hot load shoot deep into my tight pussy!"

This just about pushed Vince over the edge. Both of them were moaning, grinding into each other's parts faster and faster. He could feel he was close to cumming, and moaned loudly. Suddenly, Anastasia practically screamed "Oh my god, I'm about to cum! Harder! Harder! Oh my God, I'm going to squirt!!" Just then, Vince orgasmed, and shot wad after wad after wad of hot cum deep into Anastasia's pussy, as deep as he possibly could, as she screamed in ecstasy. Suddenly, Vince felt a hot blast of liquid shoot out from around his penis, out of her vagina, and soak their pants and the floor around them. Simultaneously, Anastasia arched her back, threw her head back, and screamed with pleasure so loud that Vince felt somebody must have heard. The hot juices squirted again as her entire body tensed and she lost complete control of her muscles. Vince supported her as he continued to cum deep inside her, and she continued squirting pulses of her juices out of her love hole.

Finally, they both collapsed to the ground in Anastasia's puddle, and Vince slowly slid his engorged penis back out. A bit of Vince's cum dribbled from her vagina, and mixed with her woman juices that had pooled on the floor around them. They lay there motionless, breathing heavily and staring into each other's eyes. "Oh my GOD!" Vince exclaimed.

Anastasia let out a little giggle and said, as she looked down at the thick white liquid oozing from her slit, "well that was fun, you sure filled me up!". She took her finger, dabbed a bit of it up, and put it seductively into her mouth. "Mmmmmm your cum tastes soooooo good". She then took her finger, stuck it into her pussy, pulled out a little more of Vince's cum, and rubbed it on her exposed breasts.

Vince was impressed. "You're unbelievable" he quipped. "I've never met anyone like you before in my life."

Anastasia giggled again "well I think it's safe to say you will be seeing a lot more of me now! I've never cum like that for anyone before. That blew my mind"

Worried that somebody may have overheard their naughty time together, they decided it was best to get dressed again and move on quickly. Vince pulled his pants back up and stared down at the puddle of Anastasia's cum on the floor of the library. Some was even splattered on the books near the floor. "When can I see you again?" he asked as Anastasia finished buttoning her pants. Her hair was a mess, both their pants were soaked, and they reeked of sex.

"What are you doing next Friday?" she answered. Vince just grinned in return.