 In the morning Tim again woke first and enjoyed seeing Suzanne's sensuous body wrapped in the thin chemise. The fabric was so thin and tight around her big chest it was tantalizing. Even though he'd seen and played with her tits naked there was something sexy about them straining against the delicate veil of the chemise.

Suzanne woke up and went to the bathroom. On her return she climbed on top of Tim and kissed him passionately. She asked, "I know you're the dominant one in our sexual relationship but might I humbly ask to ride you like a cowgirl this morning?"

"Yes. That sounds great but I get to dictate whether you wear the chemise or not. I want you to keep it on. I may rip it off in a few minutes but for now I want to be teased by the not so subtle bulges of your beautiful tits."

"As you command," she replied in mock humility. Her hands fondled his cock and she said, "My horse seems to be ready. Were you fondling me in my sleep again?" 

Tim said he hadn't done any fondling but had been staring at her for a few minutes before she awoke. He added that he'd also been remembering their morning sex from the prior day and his cock had reacted. Seeing her walk into the bathroom and back had been a nice visual tease for his cock as well.

Suzanne adjusted herself over him and made a production of straightening the chemise on her upper body. She suggestively cradled her breasts as she smoothed the fabric over them and ran her hands down her sides to make sure her hourglass figure was highlighted. She then rolled up the bottom hem of the chemise a little and used her hand to guide Tim's cock into her. She wasn't very moist so the first attempts at penetration were halting. Nature soon started to provide the needed lube and Tim slipped in to their mutual pleasure. Suzanne took a tentative up and down stroke to assure everything was fully lubed and Tim moaned as the extra friction morphed into wet velvet. Suzanne then slowly fucked herself on his big shaft. Tim repeatedly grabbed at a breast that eluded him under the silky fabric. He loved the sensation and the look of her breasts sliding under his hands and she seemed to relish the attention as she moved a little left and right to rub her covered tits against his palms.

Suzanne remained in control of the pace of their lovemaking since Tim was unable to move very much. Wanting more action he said, "Raise your hips up a little and hold that position. Lean forward and use your arms for support. It'll let me move more. Suzanne did as he said and shrieked as Tim thrust up into her. Her hips were lifted by the impact and she pushed back in response. He thrust again and she was more prepared to hold her position. It felt great to be fucked from below in this exposed position. After several thrusts Suzanne glanced down and saw Tim's eyes glued to her chest. Her tits were only about a foot away from his face and he was totally engrossed as he stared at them. She couldn't see what he was seeing but could imagine how her hanging tits must be moving under the chemise as their bodies dueled in opposing movements.

Tim noticed her focus on his eyes and confirmed, "Your tits are mesmerizing in the chemise. Your erect nipples are pushing into the chemise and getting moved as your breasts shift. They almost look like posts that are trying to hold your big breasts still but are being overwhelmed by the force of your heavy tits. Its sex, physics and art all rolled into my obsession."

"I'm glad you're enjoying me. I'm more focused on the giant piece of you that's fucking my pussy."

In response Tim thrust a little more forcefully and Suzanne groaned while pushing back firmly. The pace and vigor of their coupling increased and Tim dropped his hands to her hips to assure that they'd stay joined. His arousal increased as he heard Suzanne's breathing deepen and become more labored. She neared climax and squeezed his cock to bring him off with her. In another minute they both reached the tipping point and orgasmed. After shuttering with an aftershock Suzanne lowered her body onto his and kissed him saying, "As I've said before mornings are really special with you." She rolled off and the couple hugged for a moment.

"I'll be taking a shower. What, if anything, should I put on afterwards?" Tim hesitated and said if the black satin panties and the luxury panties from Friday night were too soiled she was going to be nude. "I'd suggest you wash out those panties and get them dried before we meet Kate or you're going to give her the wrong idea."

"Oh my. You'd make me try on dresses with your 'aggressive lesbian' friend without panties?"

"Yes. It was up to you to buy more sexy panties and you didn't do very well. The new ones you bought might be okay for work when I'm not there but I don't want to see them. I want your hips and ass properly caressed and displayed whenever we're together." 

Suzanne washed the crotch area of the two panties in the bathroom sink and used her hair drier to dry them. After her shower she put on the black satin panties with nothing else since that had been Tim's direction the prior day. She smiled as she went to breakfast topless without hesitation. Her sexual boldness had certainly evolved.

During breakfast Suzanne asked when they could go lingerie shopping since she needed more bras and panties. She wondered if they could do the shopping on line. Tim told her all shopping decisions could be addressed after Kate's visit adding, "I haven't ruled out her threesome offer, have you?"

"Ah... I assume we're talking shopping- that was the only offer. Are you still fantasizing about a sexual threesome?"

"I'm always fantasizing... I have an open mind on sexual matters. On the shopping issue, she could go into the dressing room and give you 'hands on' help. I couldn't. That experience might be exciting for all of us. At a minimum you could tell me about it afterwards. Not knowing whether Kate might ask for more than a few feels and your response if she did would be part of the experience. As I recall yesterday we had some great post dressing room sex."

"Well, we'll see. I don't think I should lead her on if I'm not going to have sex with her." 

The couple agreed they'd leave at 11 to drive to Suzanne's to meet Kate. Tim told Suzanne to put on her demi -bra, matching panties and high heels. She could wear Saturday's blouse and skirt for the drive. He had a different outfit in mind for the fitting saying, "When we get to your apartment I want you to take off your blouse and skirt and replace them with a tighter shorter skirt and sexier blouse. I'm thinking of something that buttons down the front or something with a V neck that will show cleavage but I don't know what you have. I want you to look sexy for Kate." 

"You're offering me to her. I told you I don't want to have sex with her."

"I'm just creating a little sexual tension. You'll control the ultimate outcome but I think the tension will be enjoyable for all three of us. In fact, if we stretch our time with Kate to include bra shopping this afternoon each of us should be pretty horny. That might not happen since I don't know what lingerie shops she would take you to; they might not be open on Sunday."

When she announced she was ready to go he sent her back to apply her bright red lipstick and some perfume with some of the latter to be applied between her thighs. She blushed and started to protest but quickly stopped and did as she was told. She didn't think anything sexual would happen with Kate but if the woman happened to have her head near Suzanne's thighs she'd smell nice.

Arriving at her place Suzanne undressed as he'd directed and found an old skirt that was quite short. Tim noted that it wasn't as snug as he'd like and wondered if Kate might be able to alter it. He told Suzanne to be sure to ask. The blouse selection was more of a challenge. Her old blouses were much too small to contain her breasts. Her newer ones were all too shapeless to meet Tim's criteria.

Suzanne said, "There's one top that might satisfy you. Before I look for it I need you to promise I won't have to wear it outside the apartment."

"I think you're forgetting that your role is to do as you're told; you don't make demands for promises about your body's presentation. Show me the blouse."

"I've never worn it; I know it's too tight."

"My definition of too tight and yours differ. Mine controls. Get the blouse and put it on. If I agree it's too tight you won't have to wear it but the decision is mine."

Reluctantly Suzanne dug in her dresser and removed a black tee style top. The silky fabric was of too high a quality to call the garment a tee shirt but Tim didn't know any better term. Suzanne pulled the shirt on over her head. Getting it past her chest was a bit of a struggle. She then smoothed out the body of the shirt and looked at herself in the mirror as Tim looked on. Suzanne blushed as she looked at her upper body sheathed in the form fitting tee. It fit like a second skin. The upper portion of her breasts swelled above the scooped neckline.

"Wow. You look delicious. Other than the chemise that's the sexiest thing I've seen you wear."

"You can see every seam in the bra; this isn't the right bra for a top like this. It's too tight and too low cut. I feel like a hooker."

"Well, it wouldn't be the right look for church- I'll give you that. It definitely flaunts your body and says, 'You'd like to get your hands on this, wouldn't you?' Obviously, I love it but I understand it may be a little too blatant. Actually, if your body wasn't so voluptuous it would be fine with a smooth bra. Your breasts are just too big and your waist too small for that look except perhaps in a club if you were looking to get laid. We'll have to get you a bra with smooth cups so you can wear it when it's just the two of us. I'll work on building up your self confidence for out of the house."

"Do you want me to wear this for Kate? It's really too slutty. I'll be embarrassed."

"Okay. Take it off and wear the blouse you had on before. We don't want to distract Kate so much that your dresses don't get fitted. You'll be wearing it for the drive back to my place. They'll just be the two of us. You can think of it as foreplay."

Kate arrived exactly on time. She carried a large garment bag which she laid down over the couch. Suzanne immediately noted that she was dressed more casually than at the store in very tight shorts and a tee. The absence of a bra was obvious from the two small bulges and very distinct nipple bumps in the shirt. After less than a minute Suzanne realized the nipple bumps were so noticeable due to large rings or other jewelry in Kate's nipples. Pierced nipples-that was both disturbing and arousing. Suzanne was surprised that she hadn't noticed the jewelry the prior day and guessed that Kate must have been wearing a padded bra. From the round distortions in the shirt the shapes looked like rings. They looked quite prominent and didn't seem like they'd be removable for work. 

Suzanne's mind digressed to thinking about nipple piercing and the barbells and rings that might be inserted through that sensitive flesh. She obviously didn't know if Kate's jewelry was removable or not. In her mind, however, nipple posts or rings shouldn't be removable; wasn't their permanency part of the allure. She laughed at her presumption that she knew anything about pierced nipples. Until 6 months ago she hadn't known that anyone pierced nipples much less someone seemingly as mainstream like Kate. She'd never seen any pierced nipples- not even in the porn she'd watched or read. Of course, she still hadn't but seeing the obvious distortions in Kate's shirt was close.

Before Suzanne could get past her fascination with Kate's nipple piercings Kate picked up on her interest. Kate reached up to cradle her modest breasts and said, "I see you've noticed my rings. They're my version of breast enhancement."

Suzanne was flustered and started to apologize for staring at the woman's breasts. Kate assured her no apology was necessary. She added, "Take a better look. My tits are small and never got much attention. With the rings I can compete with bigger tits. I'm never going to compete with tits like yours but getting the viewer to take a second look at my chest frequently prompts a look at the rest of me. That gives me a leg up on a lot of the A and B cupped competition. My ass and legs are better than most." As she spoke Kate grabbed the bottom of her tee and pulled it up to expose her tits to Suzanne and Tim. "Aside from drawing attention the rings are like electric switches to my pussy. A little tugging or twisting and I'm half way to cumming." 

Tim and Suzanne couldn't help but lean in to inspect the offered exhibition of 2 erect nipples skewered by gold rings. Each ring was about 1 inch in diameter and heavier that what Suzanne was expecting. They each murmured approving compliments. Suzanne also commented on how thick and heavy the metal appeared to be. Kate said that she'd asked for the heaviest gauge rings the piercer would do. That gauge was usually only used on much bigger nipples and for those who planned to play with weights. Suzanne asked about the pain of being pierced. Kate dismissed the piercing pain as having been tolerable and only temporary. She added that the larger gauge had probably increased the pain a little over what would be inherent in any piercing. She noted that it had been worth it as she loved the heavier gauge. She wasn't into weights but simply liked the more substantial look and feel. After satisfying their curiosity Kate lowered her shirt. She then turned and bent over a little saying to Suzanne, "As I said I use the rings to get a second look. I've always thought my ass was my best feature. What do you think?"

Suzanne was embarrassed and was barely able to mindlessly say that it was a very nice ass. As she said the words she actually studied Kate's ass for the first time and sheepishly repeated her compliment more sincerely and with just a hint of lust. 

To cover her embarrassment Suzanne tried to change the subject saying that she hadn't noticed Kate's rings through her blouse the prior day and asking if they were removable. Kate laughed and said they certainly were not. She took pleasure in describing how after the piercing and insertion of the rings the gap in each ring had been welded shut. She said the piercer used a heat shield and very small soldering iron but the heat had been uncomfortable. She added that the scene was rather dramatic since it made the permanency of the jewelry very real. Suzanne felt a twinge of moisture in her pussy at the story. Kate concluded by saying that for work she used small pads in her bra to minimize the bumps her erect nipples and the rings would create. For work she also stayed away from clingy tops.

Kate then took charge and asked if Suzanne had on the lingerie and shoes she expected to wear under the dresses they'd be fitting. Suzanne nodded. Kate opened the garment bag and told Suzanne to strip. Before she did Suzanne relayed Tim's question about whether the skirt she was wearing could be altered to make it tighter. Kate ran her hands over Suzanne's ass and hips several times. She closely examined the skirt and folded up the hem to look at the seams but also exposing Suzanne's upper thighs and panties. She concluded that she could make it tight by taking in each side seam and pinched the fabric to determine the excess. Suzanne was unexpectedly turned on by Kate's touching her and knew the dress fitting was going to be an extended tease. Kate announced she was done with the skirt and again told Suzanne to strip to her bra and panties.

As Suzanne removed her blouse she could sense Kate devouring her with her eyes. Kate complimented Suzanne on the bra and confirmed with her that it was the one demi-bra she owned. She gestured for Suzanne to delay picking up the first dress and said, "Stand up straight and let me get a better look at the bra." She moved closer and gently touched the outside of each cup. It was obvious to Suzanne that the exposed mounds of her breasts were the focal point of the inspection but she couldn't complain. In fact, she was aroused as the woman's fingers teasingly touched the edges of the bra and just a bit of skin. Kate said, "Beautiful. This is the way breasts like yours should be displayed." 

Kate looked over to Tim and said, "I can only guess you helped select this bra. You have good taste. Later we'll go to the Victoria's Secret website and I'll show you some affordable bras that should be to your liking." Turning to Suzanne, Kate said, "You've got a beautiful body. It cries out to be draped in luxurious feminine lingerie. This bra is about displaying your tits. What you wore yesterday was purely about function. You've got great tits; they should be displayed- not covered up. If I were your lover I'd throw out all of your lingerie, buy you silky, luxurious things and forbid you to wear anything I hadn't bought."

Suzanne blushed and replied, "That's pretty much what Tim has said. We just haven't had time to shop."

"It's not for me to spend Tim's or your money but in 5 minutes I could buy you $1000 of lingerie on the Internet and it would be here in two days. The bras would showcase your assets and the panties would tightly hug your ass. I could spend another grand on a leather bustier and other exotic pieces. What I'd prefer would be to spend hours with you in actual lingerie stores where you could try on countless styles and I could tell what looks best. What sizes are the bra and panties you're wearing?"

"These have European sizing. In American sizes I wear a 34DD and the panties are 5, small or extra small depending on the brand."

"Okay. Let's get the dresses fitted and then we'll focus on the lingerie. Gesturing to the dresses hanging in the doorway Kate said they could start with the previously purchased garments."

As Kate assessed the desirable alterations on each dress her hands were all over Suzanne's body- smoothing the fabric over her breasts, running her hands down over her hips, and generally shaping the fabric to the busty woman's body. After her initial tugging on the fabric in various places she marked and pinned each dress which entailed a second round of touching. The same process was followed with each of the old and new purchases so the task lasted almost an hour. Suzanne remained passive throughout not being sure how many liberties Kate was taking and how much of the contact was actually needed. Suzanne had to admit she was enjoying the attention and gentle touch. She felt like a celebrity being fitted for an elegant evening gown but was also on edge knowing that Kate was a lesbian. The whole experience was strangely erotic and almost taboo. 

As she worked Kate asked about how Suzanne and Tim got together. They gave her a short explanation and answered follow up questions about Suzanne's lack of sexual sex confidence and Tim's assistance. She was shocked to hear that Suzanne hadn't let anyone close to her enhanced breasts and hadn't had sex for over eight months after the surgery. She was also surprised that the couple had only been together for a little over a week. Kate looked at Tim with a crooked smile and said, "You must feel like you won the lottery. A naïve, beautiful woman comes up to you and says 'I've been saving my DDs for you; no one has touched them yet. Please fuck me and teach me about sex.' "Tim chuckled and agreed he was very lucky.

Suzanne chimed in to say, "Well, we left out a little of the story. I picked Tim because I knew of him in the past and had been was told he had a big dick. I also knew he liked big tits; he wasn't just a random guy."

Kate smiled and nodded. "I guess you weren't so naïve after all. Getting a sex teacher with a big cock was certainly a wise choice." In response to questions about what Tim had taught her Suzanne gave her a general outline of her practicing blowjob technique, her first tit fuck, and her introduction to wrist cuffs and nipple clamps. Kate was impressed by Suzanne's accelerated pace of learning things that she'd experienced gradually over about 10 years of sexual activity.
