 I relaxed in Micah's arms, and wrapped my own around him, letting him hold me and absorbed his heat. Snuggling closer to his warmth, I inhaled his scent as if I could never get enough. I ignored the little voice in my head that proclaimed I would never get enough of him and buried my face in his neck. 

After I calmed down, I pulled back a bit and looked up at him. "Why didn't I have to invite you in?" I worried my lower lip. What if the other vamp had found that he could just waltz in here uninvited? My eyes widened. Would I ever be safe anywhere? 

Micah smiled. "I made the reservation, remember?" 

"Oh, yes, now that you mention it," I nodded. I'm sure my relief showed in my sagging shoulders. He had insisted on it, now that I recall. It was a good thing too. Otherwise I'd still be huddled on the bathroom floor in a heap. 

At least now I knew why he'd been so adamant about why he should make the reservation. I rested my head on his shoulder, and thought about how nice it felt to snuggle up to him on the bed. I couldn't remember the last time I was able to just revel in the sense of being close to someone. I had the sneaking suspicion it had been with Micah, though. 

I turned my head a bit and buried my nose in the vee of his shirt. Goodness, he smells good enough to eat. 

Micah's hand stilled where he'd been smoothing my hair and I felt a bulge in the general vicinity of his crotch. 

I cleared my throat, "Well, either you've taken to packing lead, or you're really happy to see me." I half joked, this time I didn't care that he'd read my mind. All I cared about was that I was still alive and he was with me. 

Micah clenched his teeth together, fisted his hand in my hair, and tugged. My head tipped back and I looked directly into his fathomless, ebony eyes. 

"I'm extremely happy to see you," he growled, just before his lips lowered to mine. 

I thought of reprimanding him for bullying me around, for a split second. But, I gave a mental shrug and decided I liked it. 

Micah's hands were all over me. His fingers bunched in my hair, feathered down my back and over my bottom. My arms wound around his neck, and I pulled his head to me as his tongue traced a fiery trail down between my breasts. 

My nightshirt was no longer on my body, even though I had no memory of removing it. We were skin-to-skin, chest-to-chest. Micah cradled me in his arms as his mouth moved sensuously over my breasts. The feel of his unshaven jaw added to the decadent sensations as the short hairs prickled my skin. It made me tingle and burn as he scraped his cheek over my hardened nipples. 

"Ooh, yessss. I like that," I moaned. 

He lifted me easily, effortlessly, and lowered me to the comforter. I placed my hands on his smooth chest, then let them wander lower, across his flat stomach, to the part of his anatomy that was so happy to see me. 

"Ah, Tasha," he hissed between clenched teeth. "You'll be the death of me." 

I looked up at him and grinned. "Maybe, but what a way to go," I said, before I lowered my head to wrap my lips around the tip of his cock. 

Micah groaned. He buried his fingers in my hair and held my head in place as he moved his hips, and drove his thick length into my mouth. 

I never would have believed I would like it. But somehow, as his mind filled mine with the pleasure I gave him, I knew I could never imagine doing that for another living soul. But with Micah, it felt right. 

I ran my tongue down around the base of his engorged shaft, while I squeezed his sac and ran my nails over his upper thighs. His hips bucked, driving him deeper. I fisted my hand around the base of his cock, and squeezed. My hand milked his hard shaft, as I drove him closer to the edge. 

I pulled my head back, ran my tongue around the head, and felt the ridge around the crown. Then I plunged my mouth down over his length, using my teeth to scrape lightly over his cock. I could tell it nearly drove him wild. 

Micah cupped my cheeks and lifted my head before I could give him the ultimate pleasure. His cock bucked wildly, impatient for its moment of ecstasy. 

I felt him shudder beneath my hands as he fought to regain control of the need to come. He closed his eyes, breathing heavily and held me against him with a strength no mortal could possibly possess. 

He pulled me to a sitting position, cupped the cheeks of my ass in his hands, raised me up over his engorged erection, and lowered me slowly onto him. 

I cried out with my first orgasm as soon as his thumb thrummed the engorged nub at the apex of my thighs. I bounced up and down on his lap wildly, until he rolled us over to regain control. I had none. My control had vanished the moment he lowered me onto his massive staff. 

"Fuck me, dammit!" I bit his lower lip, drawing it into my mouth. 

He grinned. "I like that kind of language in the bedroom. It shows me what a hellcat you are." He raised himself up and pulled his cock out of me. He flipped me over onto my stomach, wrapped his fist around his bucking member and caressed its length. "Raise your ass into the air." 

I groaned when he gave my rear a playful slap. I never knew how erotic something like that could be. The light sting added to the fire that Micah built within me. He positioned himself behind me and rammed his cock into my tight cunt. "Ah, that feels so good, you prick." 

I needed this. After everything I'd been through earlier, I needed this with everything in me. More than anything, tonight, I needed to feel alive. 

Micah answered the urgency within me. He drove deep inside my tight channel, he pistoned his cock into the moist warmth of my body. He thrust hard, moving his blood-engorged length in and out, faster and faster. Then he pulled out and rolled me back over. 

"I want to see you when you come," he said, his breathing rough. 

I knew when he neared the edge. I felt it, even as he brought me to another climax. I saw the burning need in his eyes and the familiar glow that accompanied both his lust, and bloodlust. I reached up, wrapped my arms around his neck and drew his head down to me. He buried his face in my neck when I turned my head and opened myself up to his need. 

A moment of pain gave way to a pleasure so intense I climaxed again. The warm, wet velvet of my cunt milked his engorged shaft as it plunged in and out of me. 

He pulled his mouth from my skin and called my name in a hoarse growl. A sound so primitive, it barely sounded human. 

I retained my consciousness, this time. I stayed within the circle of his arms, beside him, my fingers threading through the sable silk of his hair. I held his head to me and drifted to sleep.