 In the morning Tim awoke first. He noticed the chemise was a little twisted on Suzanne's body which exposed her ass even more. With her on her side it looked like her left breast was going to tear through the thin fabric. He wanted to touch her breast but also respected her need for some extra sleep.

After about twenty minutes of being teased by her bulging breasts Tim couldn't help fondling her gently. He could feel every aspect of her breast through the chemise which was molded to her. Even her body heat was transmitted to his hand as if she was naked. His cock was twitching with arousal and it was probably his cock bumping her thigh that woke her up. She rolled over and pushed herself back into his body in the spooning position. With the chemise riding up, his cock nestled between her naked ass cheeks and he pushed against her. She pushed back a little as she became more fully awake.

She told him that his cock felt good but that she'd like to use the bathroom before he got too intimate. He said she had three minutes to take care of her bathroom needs and to be back in bed. She complied. Tim fondled Suzanne through the chemise and she enjoyed his touch as evidenced by her swollen nipples and soft moans. He told her how he'd been staring at her tits straining the thin fabric before she woke up and thanked her for identifying how sexy the chemise would be with no bra. He grabbed her more forcefully- almost assaulting her tits. With very few words they seemed to agree that no kink was needed for the morning. Mutually satisfying straight sex followed without too much foreplay. In the afterglow of their sex Suzanne said, "I think I've said this before. Thank you for opening my eyes to new sexual experiences. Morning sex is great! Before hooking up with you, it never occurred to me that people started their day that way." 

Following a shower and coffee delivered to her in the bedroom, Suzanne asked what she should wear until it was time to go out. Tim surprised her by saying, 'nothing for now except this' handing her some deep red nail polish and lipstick. He told her that the color was what he thought of as 'cocksucker red'. He felt her lips and fingers would look particularly sexy on his cock later accentuated by the dark red. She wouldn't wear much clothing in the house but she should keep her lips nicely colored throughout the weekend. Suzanne smiled and carefully applied the nail polish and lip coloring. It made her feel like a whore which she guessed was Tim's intent. 

Walking around naked wasn't a wholly new experience but having a man watching her was. Suzanne was torn between wanting to flaunt her body to Tim and feeling she should be wearing something to cover her intimate areas. After reading the paper naked while her nails dried Tim said it was time to get ready to address Suzanne's fashion needs. She dressed in the skirt and blouse she'd brought. He reminded her she'd want to wear her high heels for trying on dresses so she wore those rather than the lower ones she'd planned for the day. The skirt was on the short side; with the higher than average heels she felt very sexy. Remembering the nail polish and lipstick pushed her to just beyond her comfort zone where sexy became slutty. She wasn't sure which side of the line she was on; some people would definitely put her in the slutty column but it was okay since Tim had dictated her look. 

They drove to her apartment so Tim could look through her closet. He found little that he thought was sexy and expressed the sense that Suzanne had been hiding her body. She didn't need to be too bold, he said, but most of her outfits looked too matronly. The two new dresses Suzanne had bought might be nice if they could be altered to be form fitting but he had no idea if that would be possible. Tim hazarded a question about how much Suzanne felt she could spend on new clothes and was pleasantly surprised that she had no hard budget. She could afford whatever she wanted but expected to probably continue to wear the same clothes to work. Tim questioned that and she explained that the guys in the office were already obnoxious in staring at her body even when draped in suits and baggy blouses. If she wore a tight top or dress they'd be all over her. She didn't want that kind of attention at work. That meant that she'd only be shopping for after work outfits.

Suzanne was nervous about meeting Kate. Even without the lesbian issue, she knew Kate would be assessing her body. Her ego made her want to look good but she didn't want to flaunt her body to another woman- especially one who liked women. While she knew her tits were the reason for her fashion problem she was also torn between wanting to show them off in new clothes but feeling they might already be too bold. She guessed Kate would push her toward much bolder clothes that hugged her curves. The notion of wearing form fitting tops was exciting. In fact, there was a part of her that wanted to wear tight tee tops and the like but she'd already consigned that idea to a possible vacation trip far away from her home town and workplace. On the other hand, tight tops like the chemise she'd worn to bed put the size and shape of her impressive tits on display. She'd spent a lot of time and money to get the body she had and she was proud of it. She wanted to be noticed but still didn't know if she could handle the male lust tight clothes would command.

Kate was barely 5 feet tall and had a slim boyish figure. She reminded Suzanne of her former teammates on her high school swim team. She seemed pleasant and greeted them warmly. Suzanne didn't think of Kate's body type as sexy but did immediately wonder what kissing her would be like. She had a pretty face and well shaped mouth. With Kate's diminutive height her head was roughly at or below the taller woman's shoulders. Suzanne could visualize Kate's face buried between her tits and tonguing her nipples. All of these thoughts were Tim's fault. Because of Tim's description of Kate's sexual preference every glance or gesture by Kate toward Suzanne seemed sexual. Realizing this was foolish, Suzanne made a conscious effort to clear her head. She'd try to focus only on getting some fashion help.

Kate complimented Suzanne on her figure and mentioned her prior experience with clothing that didn't fit big breasted women. She also gently held one of Suzanne's hands, examined her fingernails and remarked how she loved the bold color. Suzanne could feel herself blush but didn't think anyone else noticed. Leaving Tim outside Kate escorted Suzanne into the fitting room area to take her measurements. This left Suzanne alone with an 'aggressive lesbian'- to use Tim's phrase. It was frightening to the inexperienced woman but also exciting. Suzanne was told to strip to her bra and panties which she nervously did. Kate was examining her closely which was logical for her task of selecting the right clothes but very unnerving to Suzanne. Kate commented on Suzanne's height, legs and chest- noting that she was envious of all three dimensions. Kate told her that her height and attractive legs gave them a broad range of styles to choose from. The only limit would be that some fabrics and dress styles could be more easily altered to accommodate her bust than others. They'd stay away from the garments that would make alterations difficult.

Kate took Suzanne's measurements with more touching than seemed to be needed. Suzanne stood nervously at attention as a fingertip seemed to morph into several fingers and a touch became a subtle feel. It was all professional with just a hint of something more. After a few minutes Kate focused on Suzanne's bra and asked if it had been professionally fitted. When Suzanne said no and explained that she'd just bought it as an upgrade from the strong support bras she had been wearing Kate suggested she should check the fit. Suzanne was sure the bra fit her well but she whispered an 'ok' as Kate apparently thought a close physical inspection was warranted. Kate's face came in close and her fingers slowly fingered and caressed the bra in several areas. Suzanne felt frozen in place as the inspection might be legitimate or it might not. She didn't want to embarrass them both by objecting. The experience excited Suzanne but she did her best to stand still and not react.

Kate asked if she wore other bra styles. Suzanne responded that she had one demi-cup bra that was a bit too sexy for every day wear. Kate's eyes widened and she said, "Oh. Show me tomorrow. I'll bet your breasts look spectacular in a demi. There's a dress with a scoop neck I'll want you to try. It's low enough to make a baby cry," as they say.

"Oh my; I've never heard that expression before. I don't know if I'd be comfortable with a top that low. I'm a little on the conservative side." Kate nodded saying the dress wasn't too low. She'd bring the dress to Suzanne's the next day in any event to be tried on with the demi- bra. She added, "There's no point trying it today with your granny bra." Suzanne was taken aback by the comment. Her bra was modest but it was much less utilitarian than the bras she'd been wearing prior to getting together with Mike. Thinking about that almost caused her to miss Kate's offer to help her shop for new bras on Monday or Tuesday after work. 

Suzanne was both embarrassed and relieved to be able to decline the offer. She said, "No thanks. Actually Tim wants to do that shopping with me. He seems to have strong feelings about what bras I should be wearing."

Kate replied, "Well, okay. We could do it as a threesome if you'd like. Check with Tim. I'd be able to help you try on different bras in the dressing room which Tim can't. I'd love to see your tits naked and make sure you pick the right bras so they're presented at their best. Sorry if that's too bold but I always try to be honest. You've got a beautiful body. I think you've been hiding it and need to learn how to enjoy it more."

Suzanne blushed and with some hesitation said, "Honesty is good... Let me get back to you about ...the shopping."

Kate left to find some dresses leaving Suzanne alone in her bra, panties and high heels. Sitting by herself Suzanne fantasized about Kate's hands and was almost hopeful that Kate would come on to her aggressively when she returned. Had Kate been suggesting a sexual threesome or merely using the phrase to describe three people shopping? She found herself becoming aroused at the thought of a true 'threesome' with Tim and Kate. Kate's touch would be soft and gentle; her kiss would almost certainly be lighter than a man's. After a moment though, she realized that in bed it was Tim's muscular body and big hands that she'd rather feel. Kate's touch would be an arousing tease but it seemed unlikely that she'd be sexually satisfying. Tim's big cock was satisfying- not the touch of a grown up cheerleader. Suzanne laughed at her mind. Her own big tits apparently made her feel superior to the flat-chested petite woman. She hadn't even been approached by Kate- maybe Kate thought she was a cow. Yet here she was in her 'granny' bra choosing partners in a hypothetical threesome that nobody had even suggested. 

Trying on the dresses Kate selected went very quickly and with good results. Kate had good taste. Most of the dresses were tasteful and could be worn for a wide range of events. A couple used jersey or a similar fabric that seemed to hug the body like a second skin. They were a little bolder. Suzanne walked out to Tim in each dress seeking his input. He insisted she buy at least one of the clingy dresses saying they showcased her body beautifully. Kate agreed but Suzanne remained self- conscious. With some bunching of extra material she easily demonstrated the potential fit of each dress if altered and gave some pricing for the alterations. Suzanne decided to buy three dresses including one in the jersey fabric Tim wanted. The women hugged goodbye and confirmed the formal fitting at Suzanne's apartment for the next day.

The couple left the store with Suzanne feeling almost disappointed that nothing overtly sexual had occurred. Tim picked up on her feelings and said, "What did you expect? You were in a public dressing room in a store. I don't know if she'll make a move on you or not but it's more likely to occur in the privacy of your apartment than at the store where she works." Suzanne agreed with his logic and told Tim about Kate's offer to go bra shopping along with her blatantly saying she'd like to see Suzanne topless. She also mentioned Kate's threesome shopping reference and wondered out loud if it had been a veiled sexual invitation. Tim replied that he didn't know; perhaps it was or perhaps not. She then added that the sexual tension of the dressing room experience had left her very horny. She asked if they could return to Tim's house for sex.

On the way home Tim told Suzanne she was to strip totally except for her heels as soon as they were inside. Her clothes were to be folded and placed on the table near the front door; she wouldn't need them. Suzanne blushed but with the residual excitement of being with Kate this extra tease got her very aroused. For the balance of the ride she visualized being naked all day- possibly in cuffs- and being used sexually by her well-endowed lover. 

Arriving at Tim's home and removing her clothes, Tim handed her a pair of black satin bikini panties. She slipped them on wondering if he was going to re-dress her. Tim admired her body and said, "That's a great outfit. The small panties highlight the rest of your body. The heels and panties make your legs look incredibly long and sexy. Wearing just the panties seems to make your breasts look even bigger. You could model for a men's magazine and have thousands of men lusting over every picture."

He guided her into the bedroom and had her stand next to his dresser. He pulled the leather cuffs from a drawer and held them up for her inspection. They looked quite sturdy with two 'D' rings on each. Suzanne immediately knew they weren't costume pieces and was aroused by the thought that she was about to experience real bondage. Tim encircled her left wrist and fastened the buckle making sure the cuff was snug but not uncomfortable. Her second wrist then received the same attention. Suzanne was turned on by the faint smell of new leather as well as by having her wrists in cuffs. Without the cuffs being joined she still had full freedom of movement but the suggestion that she might be restrained at any time was very erotic. In plain view he pocketed a small two headed clip and a separate 18" light weight chain with clasps at each end. Their function was self evident.

Tim brought her into the kitchen. With just a few quick movements her arms were pulled behind her and she heard two clicks several seconds apart as her cuffs were linked closely together. A sexual rush ran through her as she involuntarily tugged at the restraint confirming its power over her. With those two clicks she was now officially into BDSM- kinky sex- sexual practices that were wholly new to her and very exhilarating. She could feel how her shoulders were pulled back and her chest was pushed out. She remembered how she'd looked in the mirror when her hands had been behind her; the effect had made her breasts thrust dramatically forward. She'd looked arrogantly sexual- inviting or perhaps even demanding any man to grasp her tits. Tim was going to tease and ravish her tits and she was going to enjoy him doing it.

Tim took off his own clothes. He fondled her panty-clad ass and used his hands on her hips and ass to move her top heavy body. He sat down on a straight backed kitchen chair, spread his legs and pulled her to stand between his thighs. The alignment of her big chest with his face had obviously been planned. His hands came up to her breasts and he gently fondled her saying, "Relax." As his hands and then his mouth explored her big tits he added, "I might indulge myself here for a long time." Suzanne squirmed with passion as his lips grazed her nipples. "Spectacular. Fantastic. There really aren't words adequate to describe how great your tits look." He played with her chest for a long time and her body ached with arousal. His hands alternatively cradled her gently and grabbed at her with passion. His mouth sucked on her swollen nipples and the sensations ran through her entire nervous system but congregated in her pussy. Her nipples experienced the wonderful attention of his tongue and the frightening bite of his teeth. She loved every minute but was sexually aroused to the point of almost wanting him to stop. Almost.

Tim's hands dropped to Suzanne's waist and then to her ass and he ran his hands all around the panty covered flesh. His fingertips explored the edges of the leg openings and he said, "Very nice. Your ass feels great in these panties. Regrettably, they have to go so I can shave you." His attention to her tits stopped and she was left with an enormous sexual need.

Tim moved Suzanne back a step, stood and guided her into the bedroom. He replaced the short connector of the cuffs with the longer chain explaining that she'd be more comfortable lying on her back on the chain rather than on her hands. Within a minute he had his shaving materials in place on the nightstand and had her naked on the bed with her legs spread. Using an electric hair trimmer followed by a manual razor it didn't take long to totally denude her genital area. As he worked Tim explained that in his mind a shaved pussy was a key element of any Dom-sub relationship since it removed the woman's last covering. He observed that it allowed more skin on skin contact and therefore enhanced sex for both parties. He thought she would agree after experiencing the new feelings she'd have when he fucked her. He noted that waxing produced a smoother, longer lasting result than shaving and encouraged her to locate a local waxing salon so that in a couple of weeks she could get a Brazilian waxing. He assumed she'd then set up a regular waxing schedule.

Suzanne had been highly aroused before the start of the hair removal process. She didn't find the shaving itself to be arousing; it involved too many minutes of waiting and too many awkward positions. Nonetheless, having her lover touch her intimate areas for fifteen minutes or more certainly didn't calm her either. The shaving was a further delay in her gaining sexual release and left her passion to simmer. This all resulted in her becoming sexually frustrated. When the shaving was done Tim's mouth explored Suzanne's whole genital area using his lips to confirm the absence of stubble and probably to tease her some more. As he did so he told her how great she felt. In response Suzanne's hips were lifting off the bed seeking more substantial contact on her pussy and her breathing reflected her sexual excitement. Tim was well aware of her desire to cum but continued to tease her. Finally, his own arousal pushed him to decide it was time to move toward their mutual satisfaction. As he pulled his mouth away from her pussy Tim said she should understand that a common element of bondage was sexual teasing and orgasm denial. When he used the cuffs she should assume that her orgasm would be delayed.

She gasped and said, "You're not going to leave me frustrated are you?"

"No," he replied. "I was just noting that there wouldn't be much point in restraining you if I was going to jump your bones right away. When you're restrained I decide how long to tease you, how to tease you and ultimately how to give you pleasure."

He spread her legs and pushed them toward her shoulders as he'd done on the prior evening. They both knew the position would display her newly exposed pussy to the max. Tim looked at the area and said, "You look great. You've repeatedly said your tits make you look like a stripper or call girl- now your pussy looks just as wanton. It's great." With that he flopped the shaft of his cock down on top of Suzanne's pussy lips and slowly moved it forward and back to enjoy the soft wetness of her lips on the sensitive underside of his cock without penetrating her. Suzanne gasped with the intensity of the first contact but remained frustrated by the absence of penetration.
