 The couple exchanged texts, emails and calls during the week prior to their next date. Tim's first email was to confirm his safe arrival at home and to inquire about Suzanne's arrival. In a second paragraph he added, "I forgot to mention that between now and Friday there should be no masturbation. The real 'Tim' wants you horny when he's next with you and doesn't want to share you with your dildo (or anyone else). I trust that's acceptable."

In another paragraph Tim noted that he would be sending some emails or texts with links to URLs over the next few days and she should feel free to open them; they wouldn't be spam, etc. 

Suzanne replied that she'd gotten home safely and would remain chaste.

He replied that during the week Suzanne might do well to practice her oral skills using her dildo but that she should remember to keep it above her waist. She didn't think that warranted a reply.

The next evening Suzanne sent him pictures and descriptions of two bras she wanted to buy. He called her to approve her choices but told her to only buy one of each since he was sure they could find sexier styles and fabrics. She told him she'd tried on the chemise he'd bought as a possible nightgown. He didn't react so she explained that meant the chemise with no bra. He said that sounded good and that she should plan on wearing it to bed on Friday rather than as a slip under her dress. She teased him by describing how the small garment stretched over her breasts and accentuated them in an obscene way. "Your hands can fondle me as if I'm naked but visually I think the thin covering is sexier than being nude. I'm looking forward to teasing you. In fact, I can already envision having to wash pre-cum stains out of my chemise in the sink," she said. She also told him the thin fabric allowed the color of her areola to show through and, of course, there were two nipple bumps that she was sure he'd love. 

When she asked if she'd produced an erection he admitted that she had; she was pleased. She then added, "If I'm supposed to be chaste this week, can I assume you'll leave your cock alone until Friday also?" Tim responded that he hadn't really thought about it but since she'd brought it up, 'yes', she should think about his cock and balls getting full and frustrated. On Friday she could demonstrate her ability to swallow what he'd be saving for her.

Later the same evening Tim sent a text saying, "I've ordered some things for Saturday. See item #..." followed by a number and a URL link. When Suzanne clicked on the link a catalog page of leather gear appeared and she saw the item he'd specified was a pair of bondage cuffs. Suzanne stared at the picture and read the description of the cuffs as being made of very soft leather but durable and strong, 'perfect for controlling your slave comfortably for hours'. She shivered at the thought but was also aroused. She'd never engaged in any kind of kinky sex play but had read just enough in porn books to be intrigued.

A little later she received another text saying, "get naked at mirror; hands behind waist; think cuffs; nice look? I can't wait." Suzanne studied the words. She concluded that he wanted her to look at herself in the mirror. It was almost bedtime so she stripped off her clothes, put her hands behind her back and looked in the mirror. She saw her huge tits pushed out boldly by the pose. They almost looked arrogant in their forward thrust- as if daring the observer to touch them. She imagined the leather cuffs he'd bought rendering her helpless while her horny lover had unfettered access to her. Tim would love the way her tits were being blatantly presented and would undoubtedly enjoy her breasts for an extended time. He'd tease her and play with her nipples. Her nipples looked incredibly erect at the moment- an indirect effect of her posing and getting excited. In fact, if her hands weren't in imaginary restraints she'd probably tease herself by playing with them. The thought of being actually restrained was very hot; she wouldn't be physically able to play with herself nor stop Tim from doing whatever he wanted. Her breasts would be fully exposed and defenseless. She imagined squirming as Tim's mouth sucked on her sensitive nubs. Sensations of saliva and the light tease of his tongue flooded her mind and seemed almost real. She smiled and wondered how to reply to his text.

Finally, she texted back, "The look? I imagine you've already visualized how I look. I'll bet my 'look' made 'little Tim' hard but don't touch him, he's mine."

On Tuesday Suzanne received a text with a link to a catalog picture of nipple clamps as another item Tim had purchased. She'd heard of such clamps but never seen them. The set in the picture reminded her of spring loaded clothes pins made of metal with rubber covers on the contact parts of the jaws. A heavy chrome chain connected the two clamps. Each clamp had an adjustment screw that she could imagine being turned as the torture device was tightened on her sensitive nipple. Having one's nipples intentionally squeezed in such a device seemed medieval if not crazy. She couldn't understand why but the thought of Tim using them on her was arousing. She was kinkier than she'd ever thought. A follow up text said, "Naked at mirror. With thumb and forefinger squeeze each nipple hard - hold 1 min; imagine 15 min." She smiled and felt a sexual thrill as she promptly started to unbutton her blouse. She stopped at the soft ping of her phone signaling another text. She opened the message to find, "Squeeze harder. After 1 min take close up pic of one nip; email to me." Suzanne's pussy moistened at the thought. She'd never considered taking a dirty picture much less sending one electronically to someone else.

She finished removing her blouse and bra and experimented with her phone's camera which she rarely used. She took a deep breath and squeezed both nipples with her fingers as directed. With her fingers pinching each nipple, she took a step closer to the mirror and squeezed a little harder while counting off seconds in her head. She marveled at her willingness to follow Tim's directives but also was aware of how aroused she'd become. As her count neared 60 she remembered that she wasn't allowed to masturbate for the whole week and that restriction excited her even more. She was teasing herself but had no prospects for sexual relief until Tim took care of her on Friday. She held on for an extra 15 seconds beyond the required minute in a self defeating bravado. Releasing her fingers she saw that her nipples were red and swollen. She envisioned Tim's tongue teasing them as she reached for her phone and fumbled with pointing the reverse camera at her breast while trying to align her finger with the shutter button. The camera's small screen was filled by the image of her large areola and erect nipple. She clicked a picture and then a second. She exhaled- and then took a deep breath- realizing for the first time that she'd been holding her breath for most of the past two minutes. Feeling like a pervert she studied the pictures to select the better one. Tim would love either. Her nipple looked obscenely inviting- almost begging to be sucked on. Her body shivered as she sent an email with the photo attached. The email read, "You're the devil and a pervert but you aroused me. Wish you were here."

Tim picked up Suzanne on Friday as agreed. He was surprised that she was wearing the charmeuse blouse he'd bought for her with a different skirt. He'd expected to see a sexier dress from her closet- perhaps something with a little cleavage though he hadn't mentioned any requirements. She looked great and he didn't want to offend her so he merely complimented her noting her four inch heels made her legs look fantastic.

As they drove to the restaurant Suzanne volunteered a discussion of her existing wardrobe. She explained that her chest was so large she'd found it impossible to buy nice dresses. If they fit her in the chest they hung like maternity tops. She said she'd actually bought two dresses after her enhancement but never worn them. When she really looked at herself in the mirror on the day after the purchase, she thought them made her look pregnant. She'd been too embarrassed to return them. As a result her entire wardrobe consisted of 'separates'- a large top and smaller size bottom.

After listening to her candid explanation of what must be a sore subject for her, Tim said, "I might have a solution. I'll explain over dinner."

At dinner Tim reminded Suzanne that she'd agreed to his being her dominant lover for the weekend. He also noted that except for some specified exclusions she'd given him carte blanche on sexual activities. She nervously agreed with his statements wondering what he had in mind.

Tim then said that he had a friend of a friend that might be the solution to Suzanne's wardrobe problem. Her name was Kate. She had a degree in fashion and worked at a large department store. She was also an excellent seamstress and did some dressmaking and alterations on the side. Tim said he'd call Kate to check on her work schedule. She'd be able to assess Suzanne's figure, select some dresses and alter them if needed.

Suzanne thought the concept sounded great but would be too expensive. Tim told her not to worry about that yet; he'd been told Kate's rates were reasonable. He noted that Suzanne's two new dresses were currently worthless; Kate might be able to give them a custom fit which would be better and less expensive than anything new off a rack. She might also have reasonably priced dresses at the store that could be easily altered.

He then added, "There's one thing though. Kate is an aggressive lesbian. I've been in her company in a bar twice and was struck that her mind is like a guy's mind in a petite woman's body. She was blatantly checking out the same women I was. When she sees your body she's going to want to touch it like a man would. As your 'Dom' I'm directing you to accept any advances she might make as a part of your sex ed." 

"Oh. I wasn't expecting a lesson in girl on girl sex from you. I...uh..I thought you didn't want to share me."

"The male mind is more perverse than you think. Kate's fashion services should be perfect for you. I'm sincerely trying to help you. My 'broker's fee' for arranging those services is getting to watch the two of you together if anything evolves. It might even become a threesome which would also be educational for you- actually for me, too. Now excuse me while I go to the vestibule to make a call to see when she's available."

Tim returned a few minutes later. "We're meeting her at the store at 11AM. Apparently your problem isn't all that unique. Kate said she's helped a couple of other women who got large implants and then realized that off the rack clothes are designed for more modest measurements. She'll review your sizing and find some dresses for you to try on picking styles that would be easy to alter. There's no obligation to buy but I'd hope you'll find at least one thing to buy. She's off Sunday and will come by your place at noon to look at the dresses you already have to see if she can alter them."

Suzanne asked, "What did you say about me? Did you offer me to her...sexually?"

"No, I didn't 'offer' you. I described your body a little since that's at the heart of your need for her services. Just describing you got her a little sexually curious. I said you were very sexy but also very inexperienced. I told her that you're seeking to learn about sex but that you hadn't expressed any interest in women. I said that you're mine and not available for any relationship but that if she wanted to tease you a bit and explore a sexual experience with you I would content myself with watching."

"Oh my" she groaned. "That sounds like an offer to me. I feel like a piece of meat but then again, it sounds exciting. What if she doesn't like me?"

"I told you; she's wired like a man. I can assure you there's not a straight man alive who wouldn't want to mess around with you sexually; therefore, I think it's a given that she'll put a move on you."

"I've never been touched by a woman in any intimate way before. I'm going to be very embarrassed and don't know how I'll react if she fondles me or kisses me."

"Don't worry about it. If she doesn't make a pass at you or if you don't like her attention it will be fine- just let it happen-give it a try. My requirement is that you are open to the new experience a woman could offer. If after a little trial you don't want to go further you can stop. I'm not trying to make you a lesbian; I merely felt I should alert you about Kate's preferences before she's feeling you up. Actually, I'd think you would find the delicate touch of a woman very arousing but maybe that's just a guy's perspective. My cock is getting hard thinking about her long fingers toying with your nipples."

"Stop that. You're deliberately trying to make me horny for her. I'm not a lesbian. You should be happy that I'm not going to fall for her and leave your cock hanging. I will admit the image of being gently caressed by a woman's delicate hand is arousing."

"Good. I've given you something sexy to think about. Let's put Kate aside for now. Did I get your attention with my emails about the cuffs and nipple clamps I've bought?"

"Oh, yes. I can't explain it but both of those purchases struck a chord with my libido. I've never done anything with bondage and certainly not with nipple torture but the subjects have been in some porn I've read. In simple terms, your emails made me wet. I've been thinking about being helpless in your leather cuffs all week. I might hate it but I'm excited at the prospect of the experience. Your emails were very effective at focusing my attention on what you were going to do to me this weekend."

"Good. That's the reaction I was hoping for but I couldn't be sure of how you'd react. I guess I should note that I enjoyed your notes, too. The nipple photo was fantastic. I'm going to get a large print made and framed for my bedroom. "

After a brief pause Tim continued, "Did you practice oral with your dildo?"

"Well...yes and no. I tried the dildo one night but it wasn't great. I decided to go to the store where I bought several cucumbers in different sizes. They worked better as my practice cocks. You should have seen me at the market. I felt very wicked handling the cucumbers and visualizing them in my mouth as I was surrounded by soccer moms. I actually went to two stores since the first market's cucumbers were all on the small side. In each store I couldn't help but visualize the women around me picking out cucumbers so they could get better at sucking a big cock. All but one of the women didn't look like they'd be very enthusiastic at cock sucking but who knows. It was fun."

"Do you think they were thinking about you with a big cock in your mouth?"

"Cock, yes. Cucumber, no. With my big tits, long hair and high heels they probably thought I was a stripper or call girl who wouldn't need a cucumber for practice."

"Your self- image is very odd. I can't tell if you love your body or hate it."

"I love it. I'm just self conscious because my experience hasn't caught up to my bra size. I love being sexy and having men lust for me. It makes me feel powerful. Thanks for helping get my experience up to speed."

"It's my pleasure. As soon as we get to my house we'll see if your cucumbers were effective."

Suzanne paused and then said, "There's something about me that I may not have made clear. I'm very competitive. If there's nobody in direct competition with me I'm driven to beat my own last performance. I worked hard with my cucumbers this past week. I want to learn how to give the best blowjob you can imagine. The cucumbers helped with my gag reflex but obviously couldn't teach me technique. I need you for that. I'll generally leave the teaching approach to you but for Blowjobs 101, I have suggestions. I want you to visualize the best two blowjobs you've ever had and focus on what made them the best. As I work your cock tonight I want you to direct me with words and with your hands if necessary to replicate your best blowjobs. In the future if you can think of any other teaching tools I'm up for it. I guess the most obvious would be watching porn videos but we could hire a hooker as a consultant- whatever might improve my technique or teach me some special tricks. I want to be a world class cocksucker."

Tim replied, "You really are the perfect student. I look forward to helping you achieve greatness."

After dinner the couple drove to Tim's home. As soon as they were inside Tim said, "The blouse and skirt come off immediately." As he spoke he started unbuttoning Suzanne's blouse. She enjoyed the sense that Tim was in control and she needed only to follow his lead. Her skirt came off next leaving her in the demi -bra, garter belt and panties Tim had selected when they'd been together at the trade show. Tim told her how great she looked and dipped to kiss the swells of her breasts. They kissed passionately and Tim enjoyed her body with roaming hands. After a minute or more Tim broke their kiss and said, "Turn around and put your hands behind your back. The cuffs are for tomorrow. Tonight I'm going to tie your wrists with a necktie- let's call it a soft introduction to bondage." Before she knew it Tim had her wrists behind her back, wrapped in a silk tie in which he tying a knot. Tim then stripped himself and sat down on a straight backed chair. He reached down and lifted a small rectangular pillow- holding it up for Suzanne to see. He then spread his legs and placed the pillow on the floor beneath his thighs saying, "I bought this pillow for you this past week. Let's see what you learned from your vegetables."

Suzanne smiled broadly as she gingerly tried to kneel on the pillow. It was surprising difficult to kneel with her hands tied behind her which gave her a true sense of her helplessness. Tim reached out to give her some support and balance and she was soon in place. She said, "I can honestly say I never thought I'd have my own blow job pillow." As her eyes lowered to Tim's cock she added, "You're a very considerate man...with a very large cock. I wasn't expecting to be without my hands but I'll do the best I can."

She flicked her tongue over the head of Tim's cock and then trailed down the shaft. The same route was followed in reverse and then she deposited a large amount of saliva on the crown. After wetting the head she toyed with it using her lips and tongue and in a soft sexy voice said, "I need to do some reading on how to produce more saliva."

She lowered her mouth over Tim's cock and took most of his length which was considerably better than she'd been able to do before. Withdrawing, she played with his cock head for a few seconds and then took his shaft in again- even further than the first time.

"Very impressive," said Tim. She continued to play with swallowing as much cock as possible and in between toyed with his crown. After awhile Suzanne paused and reminded Tim that he was supposed to be teaching her how to match his best blowjob experiences. He moaned and sheepishly suggested that his balls would love some attention. Suzanne kissed and sucked gently on each of his balls and then routinely included them as she traced her way up and down his shaft. She sucked on the head of his cock and used extra saliva to tease the sensitive area on the underside of the shaft near the head. Her tongue explored and Tim murmured something unintelligible. She paused again and asked for more oral technique suggestions. Tim told her she could be a little rougher and more aggressive. He gasped as her mouth attacked him with new vigor. After several minutes of her enthusiastic sucking and teasing Tim's hips were lifting off the chair as his hands grasped the seat in frustrated passion. She did her best to use lots of saliva in an effort to give him the 'wet and nasty' blowjob featured in the several porn movies she'd seen. Finally, he urged her to take as much of him as she could in several in and out movements while sucking on him. It was obvious to them both that his cock would soon explode and Suzanne tensed a little in anticipation of taking his load and swallowing it. He ejaculated violently as he was buried her throat which made swallowing almost unnecessary; the phrase ' he shot it down her throat' came to Suzanne's mind and she smiled. She'd still need to practice swallowing. Holding him in place and then pulling off of him to gain a breathe Suzanne was thrilled that she'd given her first official blowjob with no hands involved. She internally gave her performance a grade of B- and was already looking forward to improving. More saliva would help; she made a mental note to research foods that increase saliva.
