 The reception at the trade show was crowded. As usual Tim tried to make contact with his better customers and important vendors. Getting to see as many key people as possible in a short time made these receptions worthwhile. It was also a great time to check out potential female companionship.

Tim's eyes scanned the room. He smiled inwardly as he looked for attractive women. He should be looking for business contacts but his mind was much more attuned to tits and ass.

His glance settled on the back of one woman's head. Her long hair was a deep lustrous brown. It looked silky and soft. 'Very sexy,' he thought. His view was blocked before he could assess more.

Someone from the hosting company stood on a chair and tried to get the crowd's attention. Gradually conversations stopped and almost everyone turned to the speaker. He welcomed the group, made a lame joke and then droned on about his company's booth location and what could be seen there. Tim took the opportunity to search where he thought the brunette had been standing but couldn't see her. He then broke from his conversational group and maneuvered through the crowd toward the bar. His eyes caught a pair of shapely legs extending above 3" heels and disappearing into a short black skirt. As his eyes rose to the woman's ass his line of sight was cut off. He was frustrated as he tried to see more of the woman but came up with nothing.

Reaching the vicinity of the bar, Tim had to concentrate on edging forward to keep his place in the queue. It was an art form learned through countless similar events he'd attended. He'd also developed the ability to continue subtly checking out the women in the vicinity while never losing track of the bartender's activity. Looking left he thought he caught a glimpse of the shiny brunette hair he'd seen earlier. She was about 25ft away and possibly on her way to the bar. As a few heads and shoulders moved his view was blocked but then restored. He again thought her hair was beautiful but couldn't see anymore of her. He now thought of her as his 'mystery woman'. He wanted to see more. As a large man moved Tim saw a bit of the woman in profile. She had big tits- or at least that's what his split second view suggested. Of course, even if his impression was right he had no idea if the woman's body was 100 pounds or double that. Large breasts weren't quite the same if attached to an extra large body or someone twice his age.

Tim's attention was redirected to the bartender and they made eye contact. He placed his order and then couldn't re- locate the woman who was the target of his interest. As he paid for his drink a few minutes later he saw the brunette's hair again. From her shoulders he got the sense that she was of average body size; he couldn't see her face or chest. More recon work was warranted. She seemed to be with two other women. He thought he recognized one of them as working for a vendor with whom he did business. He'd met her before; that might give him a smooth way to start a conversation with the mysterious busty brunette.

He moved toward the opposite end of the room and found a place near the route he anticipated the women might use to leave the bar. He scanned the bar area and found the women. The mystery woman again was facing away from him. He was excited however to see her legs. The great brunette hair was on the same woman whose legs he'd been staring at earlier. This woman definitely warranted more attention. 

It took several minutes for the women to get their drinks and slowly move away from the bar. He felt that he'd see her face at any moment. Her legs looked great from the front, too, even though he couldn't see them too well. Her face seemed to be hiding first behind other people and then behind her long hair. He got a look at her chest first. It was definitely big and her body wasn't. She had a great rack and great legs. He was falling in love.

Finally, Tim saw her face for a few seconds. It was pretty but more importantly, he recognized it. He knew this woman but for the moment couldn't think of who she was. It took a few more seconds to catalog. She looked a lot like the wife of his cousin, Bill. No, they were divorced. She would be the ex-wife of his cousin. But then again, maybe this woman wasn't Bill's ex-wife at all. Tim had seen Bill's wife at two or three family gatherings several years ago; she didn't have a rack like this woman. He'd have remembered. The face looked almost right but the ex-wife wore glasses and was plainer. What was her name? If it was who he thought and he got lucky with her would it be incest? Cousins? No. She wasn't his blood relative; she had merely been married to a cousin. If he started dating her it would just make the few future family parties he attended a little awkward. She looked like she'd be worth it.

After a brief internal debate Tim decided honesty might be best. He wasn't sure of the woman's identity and couldn't think of the ex-wife's name. Even if he was wrong it was actually a sincere pick up line. He looked at the woman and approached her saying, "Excuse me. You look very familiar. Are you related to Bill Johnson's ex-wife?"

The woman smiled and said, "You're Tim, right? I am Bill's ex. Sue- but I go by Suzanne, now."

Tim said, "Wow. You look great. I'm embarrassed but I thought you might be her sister. You looked like Sue but ...umm, different."

"It's okay. I know I look different. After my divorce I decided Sue had been boring and Suzanne wouldn't be. I had Lasik surgery, breast enhancement and I wear my hair much longer. My make-up and clothes are a bit bolder as well."

Suzanne introduced Tim to the women with her and they all exchanged job titles and explored their overlapping circles of business friends. The group chatted amicably for about ten minutes. Tim asked the women if they'd like to have dinner together. Suzanne's friends had picked up on the vibes between Tim and Suzanne and declined dinner suggesting that the two should go alone. Tim was thrilled and got the sense that Suzanne was also pleased with that plan.

Tim took Suzanne to a restaurant near the trade show hotel. On the walk it was clarified that they were both about 30, single and unattached. They lived in suburbs on the opposite sides of the same city. Tim continued to check out Suzanne's body and loved every bit of it. 

he candlelit tables and live piano from the adjacent lounge created a romantic setting and they enjoyed a nice dinner. While Tim had recognized Suzanne's face they'd never shared more than a casual greeting at a few family events more than three years earlier. He quickly discerned that she was intelligent and had a nice sense of humor. Dinner was effectively a first date with a stranger. On the other hand, their shared family connections seemed to give them each a comfort with the other that normally took several dates to develop. Their conversation was easy and pleasant.

As the waiter walked away after clearing their dinner plates Suzanne surprised Tim by leaning in and softly saying, "You really like my new tits, don't you?"

Tim blushed and muttered an apologetic, "I'm sorry. I...well... your whole body looks great. I'm sorry if I've been staring. Actually, long before I saw your face this afternoon I'd caught glimpses of your hair and your legs from a distance. I was seduced by them and spent the next half hour trying to get a better look at you. Obviously I noticed your chest and perhaps that peaked my interest. Later, when I finally saw you and felt that I might know you... well, you look great."

"It's alright. I was just teasing. I didn't go from a B cup to DD by accident. I knew what to expect. Well, at least I thought I knew. I've received a bit more male attention than I expected. My body is relatively small so my DDs are a bolder statement than I might have intended. I haven't gotten used to them yet; I only had the surgery about 8 months ago."

"I'm sorry if I was acting like a pig. As you said, your chest is pretty dramatic on your body. I'm a guy and, well, you really look sexy. I've always had a thing for breasts and well... yours is awesome."

"It's okay. Since I know you I'm more comfortable teasing about my body and your reaction than I ever would be with a stranger." She smiled and leaned in to say, "With a stranger I'd never say 'I bet you'd love to feel my tits and bury your face in them'. Saying such a thing would be too bold. With you, though, we both know what's on your mind and I don't mind teasing you about it."

Tim was speechless. After an awkward pause he said, "I don't exactly know how to respond to that. I confess that of course I'd love to explore your chest and yes I've been thinking about it for the past two hours. Your whole body looks very sexy; I wouldn't stop with only your chest. As I said it was actually your hair and legs that first seduced me. "

The waiter returned with a dessert menu. Tim indicated they didn't want anything and then was embarrassed that perhaps he'd read too much into Suzanne's suggestive talk. Maybe she wasn't inviting him to bed. She saw his confusion and confirmed that she was done eating and told the waiter they just needed their check. When the waiter was gone, Suzanne said, "I have a confession, too. My tits make me a sex object. I know that and accept it. What you don't know is that other than some general groping through clothes my spectacular tits are virgins. I haven't been naked with a guy since I got them enhanced. Initially they were sore and more recently I've been too busy to date seriously. I've also been a bit self conscious since I know every guy I talk to is focused on my tits. I may have the body of a stripper but my mind is still rather conservative and I'm very inexperienced. I really do feel I've known you for a long time. I'm thinking that going to bed with you would be easy; you'd be a nice ice breaker. Are you interested?"

"Okay. I wasn't expecting that but obviously I'd love to go to bed with you. I'll be as gentle with your new breasts as you want."

"No, I wasn't saying I need gentle. I just meant that I feel comfortable with you; I don't feel that I've got to live up to my body image as a sexual sophisticate. Actually, I owe you one other confession."

"Oh?"

"This is really embarrassing but you've been obsessing over my boobs so I feel a little justified. Several years ago when I was married to Bill we went to a family wedding. You were there too but you were with a group on the far side of the room. We barely said hello and goodbye. Bill and I drank a lot at the wedding. Afterwards in a rare moment of being risqué, he and I were talking hypothetically about which wedding guests each of us might like to take to bed. I named one of the groomsmen and Bill fancied a guest with large breasts who had shown lots of cleavage. It happened to be your date. I don't know how it came up but Bill said he'd seen you in the locker room in high school and if I wanted a fuck to remember your cock was among the biggest he'd ever seen. You and I haven't seen each other for years but Bill's description has caused me to think of you many times. Of course, I assumed I'd never see you again. Seeing you today made me immediately think of your cock. For the past two hours, while you've been mentally fucking my tits, I've been having my own fantasies with your cock."

"Oh wow," replied Tim. "I guess Bill didn't hang around too many locker rooms. My cock may be a little above average in size but it's hardly record breaking. In any case, what I've got I'd be pleased to give you. Shall we go back to my room and explore each other?"

"Absolutely. We can each be the other's sex object."

As soon as they were alone in Tim's room he reached to Suzanne and brought her close for their first kiss. They embraced as they continued to kiss. Her hair was just as soft and silky as he'd expected and Suzanne's tits against his chest felt great. His hands on her back at her waist confirmed that her overall body was trim. 

Suzanne could feel Tim's cock against her stomach. She couldn't discern its size but she was excited by the thought that she'd soon be fucked by what he ex had thought of as a very big cock. She was horny; a big cock sounded very appealing. Actually, she wanted a man's attention- not just his cock. She longed to be the object of a man's lust. Tim seemed like a good candidate to give her all that she'd been missing. She was tired of being stared at by hundreds of men over the past few months only to go home and remain celibate.

After a few minutes Tim broke their embrace and said, "I'm going to get you naked and pay homage to your body. From what you've said you're overdue for some male attention. Let's not rush."

Suzanne breathed a 'yes' in what Tim thought was an incredibly sexy whisper. His cock throbbed and he hadn't even started to undress her yet. Tim unbuttoned her blouse and got his first glimpse of Suzanne's upper chest. Even though her breasts were covered in a modestly styled bra they bulged softly above the bra inviting his touch. He finished removing the blouse and enjoyed seeing Suzanne's well toned body. He wanted to strip her breasts but paced himself by moving to next remove her skirt. As he did so his hands casually felt her hips and ass and he commented that she felt very sexy. She blushed but smiled.

Suzanne apologized for her granny panties noting that she hadn't expected anyone to be seeing them. Tim countered by quickly removing them. He gestured for Suzanne to move toward the bed and asked her to remove the coverlet and decorative pillows. He stripped to his boxers.

Suzanne couldn't help but notice the large tent in Tim's shorts. He noticed her stare and said, "Just assume my cock is average. It might be a little thicker than most but I'm not as big as most porn stars. If you build up expectations you might be disappointed and neither of us wants that."

With Suzanne standing Tim moved to sit on the edge of the bed and pulled her in front of him between his legs. He reached behind her and unclasped her bra freeing her oversized breasts from their cotton cage. Throwing the bra to the floor he put his hands on her hips and held her at arms' length. His eyes devoured her body and he said, "You have the most spectacular body I've ever had the privilege to see and touch. I thought it was just your breasts, hair and legs that were perfect but now I see everything is beautifully matched." He quickly noted that her breasts were not only big but also perfectly shaped. They were centerfold quality without a doubt. Her nipples were also larger than average and seemed to grow more erect under his scrutiny. He was in love. Tim's hands ran up and down her well shaped torso. He'd been with skinny flat- chested women and some heavy ones with big tits. Suzanne's body was the first with a true hourglass shape. He murmured his approval as he caressed her body. Again, he noticed Suzanne was embarrassed but also pleased by his compliment.

"I was on the swim team in high school and college and I still swim a lot. Ironically, when my boobs reached their B cup size my success as a swimmer was doomed. With my new tits swimming is more 'resistance training' than speed but it keeps me fit." Tim smiled and said she was beautifully shaped and much sexier than just 'fit'.

Tim pulled her a half step closer and buried his face between her breasts. His mouth then kissed and explored the inner slope of her left breast. Before reaching her erect nipple Tim moved to the other breast and kissed it as well. Suzanne's breathing deepened as she clearly enjoyed his attention. Tim said he loved her large nipples and was looking forward to being intimate with them all evening.

His hands moved from her hips to grab her ass as he made love to her tits --deliberately avoiding her nipples. His right hand came up to weigh her left breast as he kissed her right. "Spectacular," he whispered. After fondling her for at least a full minute his mouth moved to capture her right nipple and Suzanne's arousal doubled. Tim became more excited as he enjoyed her swollen nipples. His fire was enhanced as he felt her passion and knew he was giving her pleasure. He switched hands so that he could hold her body close with one hand while fondling her other breast. He grasped her and fed her right breast into his hungry mouth. Again, teasing her nipple with his lips, tongue and teeth drove each of them to new levels of arousal.

Feeling she wouldn't move away Tim released his grasp on Suzanne's ass and both of his hands focused on clasping Suzanne's tits. He was in heaven; they felt great and he had full control of them with one in his mouth and the other right next to it. The setting was perfect and he had no doubt that after some foreplay he'd been fucking this sex starved woman in the near future. 

Tim's obsession with Suzanne's body was obvious. She loved having a man so blindly devoted to her. Every touch was lustful; she felt very sexy and beautiful. Suzanne found herself nearing orgasm as her long neglected breasts received Tim's lustful attention. She'd longed to have big tits that would attract exactly this lust. She'd simply been too shy or too sexually conservative to allow any man to be so intimate. That problem was now history. It felt so good to be a man's sex object. That wasn't a feminist's view but it certainly was hers. It felt absolutely great to have a man lusting for you and then feasting on your tit.

It didn't take long for Suzanne to be overwhelmed by a huge orgasm. She felt her legs turn to jelly and had to put her hands on Tim's shoulders to stay standing. Tim loved giving her an orgasm and backed off her nipple as he sensed she'd be too sensitive. He wrapped his arms around her waist and hugged her to him. This allowed him to bury his face between her big sexy tits. He wallowed in her soft flesh giving Suzanne time to ride out the spasms of her climax. He started fantasizing about playing with her tits all evening and maybe tit fucking her in the morning. It was like being with a magazine centerfold. There were so many ways he wanted to fuck her but he only had one cock and it had limited recuperative powers. He needed this to be more than a one-night stand.

Tim guided Suzanne to a reclining position on the bed and moved to lie next to her. He held her in a loving manner and restrained his lust for the moment. He didn't want to blow what could be the start of a relationship with the sexiest woman he'd ever had. After half a minute Tim's hands moved to her ass and he again said, "Your breasts are the biggest and best I've ever had." He moved down on the bed so that his shoulders were at Suzanne's waist. His right arm snaked under Suzanne at the waist and his hand cupped her ass. He fondled her ass while his left hand explored her legs. He reached down to her ankles and gently caressed her legs all the way up to her hips and ass. "Your legs feel as good as they look," he said as his hand repeated the same exploratory moves several times. "Your body is what guys fantasize about."

Tim rolled Suzanne onto her back, spread her legs and crawled between them with his face near her waist. Suzanne gasped as Tim's mouth started exploring the edges of her trimmed Venus Mound. His hands reached up to her breasts which Tim noted were so large he could barely see her face. His mouth moved lower and Suzanne moaned with passion. He was surprised when her hands came to his head and she pushed him away from his obvious target. "Hold that thought for later," she said. "Lie on your back and let me see your cock. Tiny or huge I need to see and touch it. Then I want to ride it like a cowgirl."

Tim replied, "If you touch it too much it will explode in your hand. Being with you has filled my balls to very near the boiling point."

