 It had been a week since I'd lost my virginity to Caleb and things were mostly normal. Caleb texted me a lot and we hung out a few times... had sex a few more times. Mostly though my life hadn't changed much, other than the fact that I finally found out what I'd been missing all these years. 

I had told Caleb I didn't want a relationship right away and that we'd see where this took us. Caleb seemed a little bummed at first, but I cheered him right up and since then we've been having lots of fun. 

This weekend my oldest brothers Owen and Michael were coming to visit because it was Michael's 20th birthday. Our parents were taking all of us including a couple friends my brothers brought back with them out to dinner. Then tomorrow they were letting us have the house to ourselves for the night. All of us were adults now and they trusted us to not get too crazy. I was extremely excited for the party and being with Caleb again. 

"So Owen and Michael didn't mention that their sibling Devyn was a girl," Jordan one of my brother's college friends said sitting down on the couch next to me. I had been watching tv and waiting while everyone got ready for dinner. I was very aware of how close Jordan had sat next to me, but I didn't mind. Jordan was really very handsome with light brown hair, ocean blue eyes, strong square jaw, and a tall fit body that I'm sure girls went nuts over. 

"They're protective," I shrugged. Jordan's eyes wandered and I felt them raking down my body taking in my outfit. I was wearing a Delicate Darling beige and ivory lace bodycon dress that showed off my curves, but was still classy. 

He checked me out for a moment longer before saying, "I can see why... you're gorgeous," he smiled. 

I blushed slightly and I began nervously playing with the ends of my hair. I wasn't sure if he was coming onto me or not, but I had a feeling he was. With Caleb everything had been easy, I'd known him since I was a kid. With Jordan... well I'd met him hours ago and thinking of anything happening between us felt intimidating. 

"Thanks," I smiled at him after a moment. I felt like a shy little lamb, very unlike the take charge sexual vixen I'd tried to be when seducing Caleb. 

"Of course... this dress looks good on you by the way," he murmured playing with one of the thin spaghetti straps on my shoulders. I felt butterflies in my stomach and I gasped as his calloused fingers danced on my skin. It felt amazing against my soft flesh and my breath quickened as he continued to touch me. I think he knew how he was affecting me, I stared into those beautiful blue eyes and saw amusement and lust in them. 

I felt guilty getting all worked up over this guy when things were sort of starting with Caleb and I, but something in me wanted to forget Caleb. That small and growing part of me wanted to just be in the moment with Jordan and do whatever felt right. Some of that confidence I had with Caleb slowly came back to me and I felt drunk on the sexual tension between Jordan and I. His fingers had not so accidentally pushed the strap off my shoulder a bit and I smiled amused at his tactic. 

"Can I tell you a secret?" I said in a hushed voice as I leaned closer to him. 

"Sure," he smirked licking his lips that were just inches from mine. 

I smirked, "the dress may look good on, but it looks much better off." 

I bit my lip as the lust in his eyes grew and I was giddy with excitement. 

I heard laughter as the horde of men descended the stairs in dress pants and button ups. I sprung away from Jordan like he was on fire and he gave me a look that said 'this isn't over.' 

"My word it took you guys long enough, I'm a girl and I was ready before you!" I teased my brothers as they came into the living room. 

"Hey perfection takes time, I plan on getting a waitress or two in bed this weekend so I've got to look my best," Owen said and then stuck his tongue out at me. 

"Owen you're so gross," I rolled my eyes. 

"Oh did he burn your virgin ears," Luca taunted. I glanced at Jordan to see his reaction to what Luca had just said, I hoped he wasn't put off by thinking I was a virgin. Even if it wasn't true anymore, he didn't know that. What I saw was a little unexpected... instead of looking put off Jordan looked like he wanted me even more. 

I stared at him for a moment and then turned to Luca, "oh shut up Luca." 

I flipped him off and rolled my eyes as he snickered with Owen. Michael punched them both in the shoulders and I smiled at him gratefully. 

"Alright kiddos you ready to get this road on the show?" my dad clapped Michael on the back. 

We all chorused back, "yes!" 

We all piled into cars one of the two cars we would have to take to the restaurant. Michael, Luca, and one of the college friends Gregg piled in with my parents. Which left Owen, Jordan, the final college friend Vince, and me to take the second car. Owen drove and Vince called the passenger seat which left Jordan and I in the backseat... together. We were both on either side of the back bench seat with only the middle spot separating us. Jordan fixed that quickly. 

"So man where exactly are we going?" Jordan asked sliding into the middle seat and leaning forward to talk to Owen. 

"Some fancy restaurant my parents always take us to for birthdays... foods pretty good, but the staff is better," Owen chuckled. 

"Sweet man," Jordan nodded and leaned back. We were now thigh to thigh and his hand rested on my knee. 

It felt like fire filled my veins, sweet and seductive I buzzed with energy and it all emanated from that one small touch. It was just my knee what could be so sexual about a knee? Why did this boy affect me so damn much? 

Vince began talking with Owen about some random thing that I didn't pay attention to. My mind was completely focused on Jordan's hand. It stayed still on my knee for what felt like any eternity before it slowly.. excruciatingly slowly it moved up my leg. His hand stopped right at the hem of my dress and he squeezed my thigh lightly. I felt like all of the air had been sucked out of my lungs and I couldn't breath as I stared down at that hand. His thumb rubbed small circled on the outside part of leg and I the fire in my veins became painfully more present. I felt flushed and I'm sure I looked it too, I was awake with sexual desire and I couldn't do anything about it. I wanted him to move his hand higher to rub those small torturous circles where I really needed him. His hand stayed put though and internally I screamed in frustration. When I couldn't take it anymore I placed my hand on top of his and squeezed. Thanking the lord for the pitch black cab, I slowly dragged his hand higher until it was under my dress. His fingers grazed the edge of my panties and I felt goosebumps break out across my skin. Jordan teased me as his fingers roamed under my dress touching anything, but what I wanted. I knew he wouldn't because of Vince and Owen and I also knew that was for the best. I didn't want to get caught, but I was extremely turned on and in need of a release. When we pulled up to the restaurant Jordan's hand slid out from under my dress lightning fast as Owen opened his door and the cab lights came on. 

"Alrighty everyone out," Owen said as he got out himself. We all climbed out of the car and as the cool night air welcomed us I breathed in deeply. The air cooled my hot flesh and by the time we were actually in the restaurant I was no longer flushed. We were seated very quickly at a large round table and of course Jordan sat next to me. It was torture sitting next to him, his hand would run up my thigh under the table only to disappear moments later. I was covered in goosebumps and I couldn't concentrate on anything but Jordan's touch. I wanted him to throw me on the table and fuck me senseless, but unfortunately that was not on the table at the moment... pun intended. 

"So what do you kids have planned for tonight after dinner?" my dad asked. In my mind I screamed fucking Jordan! In reality I shrugged and let one of my brothers answer. 

"Probably to a club if that's cool?" Luca spoke first. 

"Can you and Devyn even get in?" my mom laughed. 

"Mom we've had fakes since we were sixteen," Luca rolled his eyes. Now normal parents would probably flip out and berate their child... not our parents. 

"Any fake around here isn't getting you into and over 21 club kid, but good luck," my dad rolled his eyes right back. The boys bantered back and forth with our parents until it was time to go and then with hugs and kisses they went home. 

"Well this should be fun," Owen chuckled as the seven of us walked towards his car. 

"What should be?" I asked. 

"There's five seats and seven of us," Owen chuckled. Those seven words sent the boys into a frenzy as they fought each other to get in the car. I laughed and stood back rolling my eyes at the fools. They were a jumble of arms and legs as everyone fought for a spot and Owen casually climbed into the drivers seat. 

It took about ten minutes for the boys to fight it out until Michael was in the passenger seat. Luca, Vince, Jordan, and Gregg were squished tightly into the backseat leaving me out in the cold.

"Grab a lap sis," Owen laughed.

"Seriously?" I glared at him. 

"Yeah come on, no ones going to mess with you, scouts honor," Michael promised. I grumbled, but as Jordan offered his hand to me and I slid in and onto his lap I decided I liked this seating arrangement. He closed the door after I settled and I giggled at all the boys packed in like sardines. They literally couldn't move it was so tight in the car and everyone had their legs tight together like proper little girls. 

"So muscles aren't such a good idea now are they?" I teased them. They were all obscenely ripped which was the main factor in this little issue. 

"Fuck off Dev," Luca grumbled. 

I giggled and as I felt Jordan's hand stroke my spine I shivered in delight. 

"So where are we going?" I asked shifting on Jordan's lap. 

As I ground my ass 'accidentally' against his crotch I felt his reaction press up against me and I grew very excited. My entire body tingled with a fiery lust that I couldn't wait to unleash. 

"Fuse probably, I know the bouncers there so we can get everyone in pretty easy," Owen answered. 

"Just be careful and don't take drinks from anyone but us," Michael added. 

"Okay dad, I've been to a club before," I huffed. 

"Just keeping our baby sis safe," Owen winked in the rearview mirror. I really hoped they would quit babying me tonight, I didn't want Jordan thinking of me as a little girl. 

That didn't seem to be the case however as his hand squeezed my ass. I bit my lip and tried not to blush, but it was nearly impossible. I'd never been this gaga over a guy before and it was unsettling to say the least. I figured it was probably just my recent sexual awakening making me act like a dog in heat. At least that's what I hoped, I couldn't get caught up with a college guy. There were thousands of gorgeous girls at his college to compete with and I was definitely not up for it. I was content to be an occasional fling whenever we were around each other, but that would be that.

By some miracle Owen managed to get all of us into the club without a hitch and as we walked into the packed bar I felt exhilarated. I'd never really been to a place like this before so seeing all the people dancing, grinding, and drinking was very new and very exciting. 

Owen led us through the crowd of people to a reserved table all the guys had chipped in to get for Michael. There was a bottle of tequila and seven shot glasses sitting on the table waiting for us. Luca immediately started pouring everyone shots and we all took one and slid into the booth. Jordan of course sat next to me and his body pressed up next to mine burned more than the tequila as it traveled down my throat. 

"Alright for one of you unlucky losers that is your first and last shot of the night, who is going to be D.D.?" Owen grinned devilishly. 

I frowned knowing immediately it was going to be me. 

"Well Devyn starts with a D," Luca sneered at me. 

"That's so not fair," I pouted. 

"Let's let the birthday boy decide," Jordan interjected.

I smiled gratefully at him and I squeezed his thigh under the table. 

"Man I don't want to be that ass hole," Michael shook his head rejecting having to choose. 

"I have an idea... how about the first one to get Michael a hot girls number can choose?" Owen said patting himself on the back. 

"I like that," Michael grinned. 

"Then let's get to it boys... and Dev," Owen smirked. All the boys looked at me with smug expressions. They thought my being a girl was going to put me out of the running, but they seemed to forget one monumental thing... I had friends. 

As I pulled out my phone and began going through my contacts to find one name in particular I had a victorious look on my face. I slid my phone over to Michael after I clicked on Mandy's name and gave the boys a shit eating grin. 

"Dev totally wins," Michael said as he entered Mandy's number into his own phone. She and I had been friends since our freshman year and she'd always had a thing for my brother. What she didn't know was Michael definitely liked her too, but until recently she'd always been too young. Now we were both eighteen and there was nothing stopping guys anymore... and it was awesome. 

'Well Luca looks like you're sober Sally tonight," I sneered back at him. 

"Teaches you to fuck with Dev," Owen said high fiving me. 

"Why the hell don't Owen and I get your hot friends numbers on our birthdays?" Luca frowned. 

I just rolled my eyes in response and sent Mandy a quick text telling her to expect a call or text from Michael. The boys... except Luca, took a couple more shots and then left the table to go find some tail. 

When it was finally just Jordan and I left at the table the butterflies in my stomach went wild and I blushed bright red. Luckily in the dim lighting you couldn't really tell so I didn't try and hide it. 

"Want another drink?" Jordan asked after a moment of silence. 

"If I didn't know any better I'd say you were trying to get me drunk," I joked as I handed him my shot glass. 

"Only so I can take advantage of you," he winked. 

"You don't need alcohol for that," I laughed and then internally slapped myself when I realized what I said. 

"Good to know," he said with a cocky smirk on his face.

I felt his hand caress my thigh under the table and shivered in delight. I parted my legs just a little bit and his hand slid along my smooth flesh and under the hem of my dress. As his fingers hooked into my panties and pulled them to the side I thanked god for the dark atmosphere of the club. 

Jordan didn't tease me this time... he gave me exactly what I wanted. At first his fingers just lightly rubbed my clit and I gripped his shoulder and buried my face in his neck to muffle my moans. 

"I bet you're so fucking tight," Jordan groaned as his fingers slid along my wet slit. He slowly pushed two fingers inside of me and I bit into his shoulder to quiet myself. I felt completely at his mercy as he fingered me. My body was his to do with as he pleased and right now he was pleasuring me in a club full of people... and it was exhilarating. 

"Do you want me Devyn?" he growled into my ear.

"Yes," I moaned as I was near cumming. 

"Do you want me to fuck you right here... right now?"

"Please," I whimpered as his thumb began rubbing my clit. I dug my nails into his arm as I came and I had to bite my lip to keep quiet.

"Tonight," he promised as he retracted his fingers.

The rest of the night Jordan couldn't keep his hands off of me and I loved it. Even when my brothers rejoined the table Jordan had a hand between my thighs or an arm around my shoulder. We didn't finally leave the club until two in the morning and by then I was going crazy with need. 

When we got home the boys all retreated to their own rooms and Gregg, Vince, and Jordan headed for the couches in the basement game room. Jordan gave me a look that promised trouble and I internally squealed in excitement as I descended the stair case to my room. I shed my dress and my undies so I was completely naked as I crawled into bed. 

I'd waited so long I nearly fell asleep by the time I felt Jordan crawling into bed with me. 

I moaned softly as he rubbed his cock along my lips and clit. 

"Tell me you want me to fuck you," Jordan whispered in my ear. 

"Fuck me," I gasped as he inserted just the tip. I gasped as he slowly slid his entire length inside me. There was some pain, but nothing nearly as bad as the first time. 

"Damn you're so tight," he grunted as he began rhythmically thrusting in and out of me. 

One of his hands massaged my ass and I let out a surprised "oh!" when he inserted a finger into my butt hole. 

"You like that don't you slut,"" he growled as he bit my shoulder hard enough to leave a bruise. I'd never been talked to like that and it turned me on even more. He began thrusting hard and fast and I fought the urge to cry out.

He gripped my hips and pulled me up until I was straddling him with my back to his face in a reverse cowgirl position. He wrapped one of his hands in my long mane of hair and pulled hard making me arch my back while he rammed his cock inside me. As he impaled me on his cock I felt the now familiar tingling sensation begin to take over my body and I started thrusting my hips to meet his. His rock hard member hit at just the right spot and suddenly I was desperately trying to muffle my screams of pleasure as I came. Jordan followed shortly after me thrusting deep inside me before depositing his hot load in me.

"Damn," I murmured as I climbed off of him. I laid down next to him and he pulled me into a sweet yet still very sexually charged kiss.