 It has been so long since we've seen him, she thought, as she dialed the phone to leave a message for him at his hotel. Will he still want to get together tonight? All day she fantasized about how the visit would go as she went about her daily work. It was hard to concentrate on the routine details, but at last the day ended and she could go home and prepare for the evening.

After dinner, she showered and washed her hair. The phone rang as she was stepping out of the shower. It was her cell phone since they were keeping the home line clear for an expected business call. It only rang twice and then stopped. Oh, oh. That didn't sound right at all. Quickly her husband dialed the hotel number and asked for their friend's room. As it rang, he thrust the phone at her. None too soon, as the phone was answered on the second ring. 

"Hello," he said. 

"Hello, love," she replied. 

"Hi, I just tried to call you." 

"I thought so," she responded. "It only rang twice and then the call was gone. I thought it might be you and we decided to check. Didn't want to miss you." 

After some further chit chat and general catching up, she turned the conversation to the evening, letting him know that only she would be able to join him for drinks as her husband had some business to attend to that evening. The whole thing was so last minute anyway that he couldn't possibly object if he wanted to see them at all. Of course, he didn't. Secretly he had been hoping for a way to see her alone anyway. This time he wanted to let her know how desirable he felt she was. They arranged that she would pick him up at the hotel in about half an hour, giving her time to dry and arrange her hair, dress, and drive into the city from the suburb where they lived.

Somewhat nervous about meeting their friend alone, she looked plaintively at her husband. He assured her that he was not uncomfortable with her going and that she was not to worry on his account. She kissed him goodbye and promised to return in "a few hours." Smiling, he waved goodbye as he picked up the telephone to make a call. On the drive into the city, she contemplated the evening to come and wondered how she would manage to entertain their visitor alone. Arriving at the hotel, she saw him through the lobby window, reading a newspaper. She parked the car and entered the hotel, walking quickly and directly to her guest. He heard the click of her heels on the marble floor as she approached and lowered his newspaper. Laying it aside, he rose and took her in his arms for a hug and quick kiss. Then they turned and exited the hotel.

As they left the parking lot, she asked what his preference would be for drinks and whether he might like to walk in the park first. He quickly opted for the park, saying he had been cooped up indoors for several days and would really enjoy some exercise in the fresh air. She turned the car toward a nearby park where there was a walking track. They chatted as they drove along about ordinary things--the children, the pets, recent events, etc. She extended her husband's apologies again for missing his visit because of business but he told her he completely understood, wondering to himself if her husband had arranged it this way on purpose to allow them time alone together. She had been the first of the two he had met.

When they arrived at the park, she sat in the back seat and changed her high heels for walking shoes, putting her heels in the floorboard and her purse in the trunk. Pocketing the keys, she locked the car and they started toward the track. He held out his hand and she placed hers in it. Hand in hand they started to walk around the track. The surface was uneven and a tiny bit treacherous in the dark and she was glad of his steadying hand as they walked. When she missed a step because of the unevenness of the walk her breast brushed against his arm, causing a tiny thrill inside her. Did that happen because he intended it to, she wondered? As they walked, they chatted more about the events of their lives since last they had met... how the children were growing up and leaving the nest; the vacations they had taken; and the places they hoped someday to see, etc. Theirs were ordinary lives, lived so far apart and yet so similarly.

At last she was tiring and there was a bench just ahead sheltered among the trees beside the path. They decided to rest a moment there before continuing their walk. She sat down and he joined her, sliding his arm around her on the back of the bench. When she leaned back, she was surprised to find her head resting against his shoulder. He turned his head toward her just as she looked up at him and suddenly their lips met, as if by accident. His arm tightened around her and his other hand rose to her neck as their kiss was prolonged slightly. He whispered her name softly against her hair as their mouths separated and he drew her closer for a moment. Then, with a slight catch of his breath, echoed a moment later by her startled soft gasp of pleasure, he slid his free hand down to her hip and caressed her thigh through her soft knit dress. Then, as he kissed her again, deeper this time, he slid his hand inside her full skirt and stroked her silk clad thigh directly. She moaned softly as the pleasurable sensations raced through her from her thigh right on up her body and she leaned closer and he tightened his arm around her once more. Her free hand crept upward and caressed the nape of his neck now as their kiss continued. The hand inside her skirt was wandering even more now, caressing the curve of her hip and slipping inside the loose fitting silk panties she had worn. Their lips and tongues were performing a light and exciting dance as they kissed and their bodies strained to press closer to each other.

Suddenly, they noticed that traffic was beginning to increase past their secluded hideaway as people were leaving the park. They realized that the ball games that had been in progress when they were walking must have ended and soon the park would be deserted. Meanwhile there were those car headlights.

He whispered against her mouth that they should perhaps retire to his hotel room for privacy's sake and she agreed after a moment's hesitation. When they stood to leave, her knees refused to cooperate and she swayed shakily. He caught her against him and kissed her once more as they stood still, steadying themselves for the walk back to the car. Then slowly with his arm around her waist, they turned and proceeded toward their transportation. At the car, he suggested that he drive since she still seemed a bit shaky. She agreed and slid across the seat. As they returned to the hotel, he rubbed her upper thighs lightly, traveling to their juncture and growing dampness and she hesitantly let her hand touch his crotch where she could feel his interest growing by the minute. At last they arrived and walked, hand in hand again, up to his room on the second floor.

Once inside, he locked the door and turning from it gathered her to himself once more. Leaning against him as he pressed her body against his, they kissed deeply and slowly. His hands roamed over her back and held her ever tighter to him. She felt his arousal against her. Then he released her reluctantly and bent to clear a space on the king-size bed. He excused himself for a moment and she lay back against the pillows and waiting for his return, not allowing herself to think about what would happen next. Her dress was spread about her, a dark foil for her slender stocking-clad legs as she reclined against the pillows and waited for his return. She didn't have long to wait. Still fully clothed, he came back into the room and lay down beside her and reached for her. She came into his arms willingly and his hands again began caressing her all over through her soft dress as he claimed her mouth once more. She sighed into his mouth and arched her back, pressing her breasts against his chest. Slowly, almost reluctantly, he broke the kiss and released her momentarily as he repositioned himself between her legs and slowly, almost reverently, pushed her skirt upward until he had revealed her innermost secrets, covered by lacy, loose-fitting panties. Pushing these aside gently, he lowered his mouth and began to lick and suck her warm, moist slit. More juices flowed, filling his mouth and tasting her wet, hot juices, he began to slide her panties downward until he could remove them and fold them on a corner of the bed.

Next, he pushed her dress still higher until her ripe breasts were revealed in all their braless glory to his eyes. Almost before she realized what he had done, his mouth was encompassing first one nipple and then the other as he suckled them to excited hardness. Breathing his pleasure at this reaction against her breast, he stopped, pulled her up to a sitting position and lifted the dress to slide it over her head, folding it afterwards and laying it aside with the forgotten panties. Now she lay naked before his eyes except for those sexy hose covering her legs.

He lay down beside her but rose again as she begged him to remove his shirt also. He unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and lay down beside her, taking her into his arms and letting her breasts rub against his bare, smooth chest. She slowly, hesitantly slid her hand inside the waistband of his shorts and touched his rock hard cock waiting for her. Quickly he lifted his hips and in only one smooth motion divested himself of the trousers and under garment, his cock springing forth to meet her questing hand. She stroked the entire length of it and cupped his balls in her hand. Leaning down she kissed his manhood and then slipped it inside her hot seeking mouth. Licking with her tongue even as she took him all the way into her mouth and partially down her throat, she extracted a prolonged groan of pleasure from his lips. 

"Oh, that feels so good," he breathed as she intensified her licking and sucking on his now extremely hard member. A few moments later, she lay back in his arms as his hands explored her body and found her wet dripping crotch.

Against her mouth he begged softly that she let him enter her. After a moment more of kissing, smiling, she nodded her assent. He rose and positioned himself over her, entering with one swift stroke. She gasped in pleasure and lifted her hips to meet his next thrust and the next and the next, each one increasing in intensity and speed. 

"Slowly, gently, lover," she breathed and he lowered his body to touch every inch of hers beneath him and lay still. 

For the next several minutes, they lay joined and still with only her inner muscles contracting and relaxing as she squeezed him. Then he suddenly withdrew from her and positioned himself once more with his head between her thighs. She moaned in pleasure and gave herself up to the thrill of his tongue on her clit. Faster and faster he flicked it back and forth, sucking her juices and flaying her clit with his tongue. Just as she almost rose to orgasm, he stopped once more and positioned himself astride her. He pressed his cock between her breasts and lifted her head as he squeezed a drop of pre-cum from the tip for her to lick. He pulled a pillow over under her head so she could comfortably take him into her mouth. She opened to him and licked the pre-cum from his head and then took his whole cock into her mouth and down her throat. Oh this was hot. For several minutes, she sucked and licked him, flicking the underside with her tongue up and down the length of his shaft as he sat poised above her.

He lowered himself again and plunged his cock deep into her warm dripping cunt. Lowering his body on top of her he began to stroke in and out slowly, letting her feel the entire length of him going in, filling her and then withdrawing almost completely and thrusting in again. Gradually, the speed of his strokes increased as he felt the tension mounting within him. She was moving her hips in rhythm with his strokes as if they had been making love for many years and knew each others' timing perfectly. Once more, forcefully, almost urgently, he claimed her mouth in a passionate kiss, letting his tongue explore, meeting the resistance of her tongue as he invaded her mouth. They were building ever higher toward that ultimate climax. 

"Mmmm," he moaned in her ear, "I'm cuuummmming." as his balls erupted shooting hot cum up inside her just as she felt her body go into a spasm that signaled her own orgasm. They lay together, spent for a few short moments and then he rolled onto his back, pulling her onto her side against him.

They lay there in sated contentment with her head on his shoulder and his arm holding her tightly against his body for what must have been only a few minutes but seemed like forever to her. 

Then he turned, kissed her gently and asked, "Are you OK?" 

"Yes," she replied. "Are you? No regrets?" 

"None" he assured her, kissing her again. 

Then they lay quietly side by side, enjoying the feeling of their bodies touching in the afterglow of their lovemaking. Softly they whispered to each other, speaking of the wonder at their union and how it came to be. Never had they expected that they would go so far together. Each of them, in fact, had promised the other that they wouldn't go so far. Now they had. What were they to do about it? He said it would be all right and she believed him. Gradually, they became aware of the hour. Each had an early morning to face the next day. She sat up on the bed and began to sort out her clothes and dress. He did the same on the other side of the bed, then, walked around as she stood up and adjusted her dress and took her in his arms gently, tenderly, once more. He finished dressing and said he would walk her out to her car. Arm in arm they descended the stairs to the parking lot and walked to her car. He unlocked the door and opened it. She slid inside. 

"Send me an e-mail tomorrow," he whispered as he leaned in the door and kissed her once more. 

"I will." she said. Then he closed the door and she started the engine, backed out and drove away.

Fourteen miles later, she entered her driveway and parked the car in her usual place. As she got out of the car, she was still bemused by what had just happened. Was I really there, she thought. As she approached the door, her husband opened it and greeted her with a hug and kiss. They walked into the bedroom and she set her purse down and then turned to face the man with whom she had shared the last many years. 

"How was your evening?" he asked. 

"It was all right," and her eyes darted away. His hands on her shoulder, she turned to meet his eyes again. "We had sex," she said to him. 

"I know" he responded. Then he kissed her again. "It's OK, honey." 

He reached over to the dresser and handed her a fresh hot cup of tea. It tasted so good. Her mouth was dry and she was so thirsty. When she had finished the tea, she undressed and stepped into the shower. He prepared a second cup of tea and handed it to her when she came out. They stretched out on their king-size bed while she drank it and told him about the evening. He reached out and caressed her breast as she reclined beside him and they talked. When the tea was gone again, he reached out and pulled her into his arms, kissing and caressing her. She responded to his embrace warmly as she always did, loving the feel of his familiar hands on her body, arching against him, kissing back.

His touch became more insistent and she turned onto her back and opened her legs, inviting him to take her. Positioning himself above her he entered her with one sure stroke and buried himself in her. They made love as if it were the first time, hot and urgent, renewing their love as they rose to the heights together. Finally, spent, they lay in each others arms and fell asleep entwined. Just before her eyes closed in sleep, she noticed the clock. 2 a.m ... what a night!!