 It had been a rough couple of weeks. My girlfriend and I had gotten to that point most couples in their late twenties get to – ultimatum time. We either we going to get married or stop wasting these years on some withering semblance of a relationship. She had decided- We - had decided that it was time to part ways. There were tears and harsh words as there always are, but she was moving back into her parents' house while she "took some time for herself" she said. That was two months ago. I had a glazed over look at work constantly and hadn't worried like I should have about finding someone to help shoulder a rent in an expensive city. I was trudging along trying to breathe the same air as I used to and started to see light again. I was still 28, still had a good job, and now had a bachelor pad I could do whatever I wanted in. That's when I got a text that wasn't my everyday digital churn of my jackass friends talking about fantasy football.

Hey! Heading to the city

Fri I can still crash rgt?

Jessica? From home Jessica? – I had totally forgotten. Jessica was a family friend from back home. My parents and her parents were friends, so we had grown up together somewhat. I was nine years older than her though. When we were kids, we were both part of the group that played together at all of the big summer parties and went on vacation together a few times a year. When I was home a few months ago for some cousin's something I had seen her. She was talking about how she was going to college outside of Boston, which she liked, but wanted to see if she could stay with Jenn and me when she came into the city to party. I said, "Sure". Our apartment was tight, but we could move a couch and blow up an air mattress.

Yeah no prob, Jenn and I broke

up a month ago FYI

 I no sry, my mom told me

Don't worry, it'll be fun!! Haha

OK, text me on Fri, let me know

What you are doing

K

Friday came and I was cruising through work. I had finally buttoned up all the client issues and just wanted to sit on my couch, watch the playoffs and drink. I wasn't in that sensitive songwriter weeping depression phase of the post-breakup, but I did not want to wade through a sea of humanity at a bar either. Jessica texted me that she was on the road. She was only about forty minutes away, so it wouldn't take that long. I picked up a little bit and vacuumed. I pulled the air mattress out, but hadn't fully set it up yet. I settled in to my first beer on my couch when the buzzer went off. 

"Hel-lo?" I said already knowing who it was.

"Heyyy, it's me," Jessica said with her normal cheerful tone.

I buzzed her in and cracked the door. After a minute, I heard some voices coming down the hall, but I thought Jessica was going to be by herself. She walked in saying "hiiii," breaking up the mental silence that builds up when you are sitting by yourself in a room for too long. I looked over as I was getting up to greet her when I paused because I was hit with an overstimulating hot girl visual. Jessica had grown up to be a pretty girl, but when we were in our hometown, she had mostly dressed in jeans and t-shirts. She looked cute in them and I had definitely noted the hot teenager she had become while still trying not to be creepy. But tonight, she was already dressed up for going out. She was in full 19-year-old bar-hopping attention-grabbing gear. She had on a tight pair of dark jeans, heels, a sheer top over a tank-top and a leather jacket. The jeans showed off her curves very nicely, while the top put her perfect perky tits on display. Her hair was straightened and her round face wore the playful, friendly smile she always seemed to have. I was mentally saying "Gawd Damn!" before I even realized she had walked in with another person. 

"Mike, this is Ashley."

"Hi Ashley," I said as I gave her a hello hug. 

I think she had told me, but I must have forgotten. Of course she would bring a friend. A young girl is not going to go out partying by herself in a city. The bonus was Ashley hot too. She had that tall, thin model-ly frame with sharp features and dark eyes. She had on a skirt on that was too short for life, also heels, and a North Face jacket that most assuredly covered some barely there slutty top. She was nice enough, but shy around the "old" dude she just met. I had bought them some beers to pre-game (because I'm such a nice guy!). The girls opened up a little after having one. I was asking them about school and life with the playoffs in the background as white noise. As two attractive young ladies, they were getting hit up non-stop with texts from boys at their school.

What are you up to?

Where we going tonight?

Netflix and chill?

"Ugh, fucking Chris," Ashley said to Jessica. Ashley had been in a guarded Parents mode since she had gotten to my apartment, but seemed to be loosening up. 

"Who's Chris?"

Jessica answered for her, "it's her stalker," she said laughingly.

Ashley half smiled and yelled at her phone, "we hooked up ONE time, leave me alone!"

"Kid is so annoying," she said almost looking up from her phone. I noticed as the conversation wore on that Ashley had lived a life. She had no doubt developed early and had male attention from a young age. The back tat, whiff of Daddy issues, and the look she had like she was a lion sizing you up for the kill gave me the impression she was into some dirty, dirty stuff in the bedroom. Jessica had a nicer, more approachable aura to her, but with the flick of an eyebrow could let you know you were in for some fun should you reel her in. The girls finished two more beers and were off into the night. As they were leaving, I told Ashley to text my number, so I would have hers if they got separated. She quickly did and they were out the door. I sunk back into my couch and let the endorphin rush everyone with male DNA gets around pretty girls fade.

I finished watching the Celtics blow the game late. How do you not get a hand in that guy's face on the 3-point line honestly?! There was some movie that I had seen before on FX that I put on just for something to watch. My eyelids started to fade shortly after that. I snapped awake at about 12:30 with the TV still on and made my way to my bedroom. I texted Jessica and Ashley to see how they were making out. Jessica texted me back.

You guys good?

Yeah

OK, going to bed, call me when

you are in an Uber

K

I went to the bathroom, got undressed and climbed into bed. Normally, I just wear boxers, but I put a t-shirt on in case I was walking to the bathroom or something in the middle of the night to be a decent gentleman. Two hours into sleeping I snorted awake to my phone ringing and buzzing next to my bed.

"Hey."

"Hey, we're on our way."

"OK, just buzz when you get here."

"Alright."

I buzzed the girls in and waited for them in the living room. Jessica led Ashley in, standing behind her giggling with her hand poised to catch Ashley if she fell backwards. They both looked like they had a great night, swaying with their eyelids half-closed. It was clear Ashley had about ten too many, but Jessica still had the Drunk Girl glow.

"I love Fireball!" Ashley slurred.

"Fuckin' showed them...oh wait they won" Jessica playfully said to Ashley.

I was pretty amused. Their fake IDs obviously worked and since they were hot chicks what bouncer is going to say no. I wanted to find out more before they passed out.

"So what happened?" I said with a grin.

"Some guys challenged us to see who could do more shots," Jessica said. "She went full 'Smashley'."

"Fuck you," Ashley snapped as her surly look bobbled into a smile.

"Wha-?" I said.

"She went toe to toe with them, but then got all blackout and started grinding with all of them," Jessica responded.

"Oh" I chuckled. I remember those days.

We both helped Ashley to the air mattress. I took her shoes off after Jessica took her coat off and assisted Ashley's flop onto the air mattress. She was out before I even put the blanket on her. Jessica grabbed her bag and went into the bathroom to get changed. I was waiting in the living room when Jessica came out. She had shed the night out attire and put some boxers on to sleep in. She still had on her tank top, but had taken off her bra leaving her perfect 19-year-old tits stretching the fabric. I think she caught me staring at them as she was walking toward the air mattress because she gave me a smiling head nod and said, "Goodnight."

"You all set?"

"Yeah."

"OK, goodnight" I said and then shut off the lights and went to bed. After a half hour, I dozed off into twilight, but heard one of the girls still rustling around on the air mattress. Finally, Jessica got up and softly knocked on my door. I opened it squinting at her, "What's up?"

"Ashley is completely star fished on the bed and I can't fit on your tiny couch. Can I sleep in your room?"

"Uh yeah," I said still half asleep. "Do you want me to take the floor?"

"No you're good. Your bed is big enough."

I slid back into my bed and Jessica got in on the opposite side. My heart rate naturally went up a little since I had a good-looking girl in my bed. It was a fleeting moment though as Jessica put her head down on the pillow and put her back to me. I closed my eyes contenting myself with going back to sleep after a minute when Jessica began to squirm around. I was lying on my back and she spun around and faced me with her eyes still closed. I could feel the warmth from her body and didn't move away as she was inching closer. She ultimately broke the touch barrier and draped her arm across my chest and pressed her body against mine. My heartbeat went up and I sighed happily when she did it. I started to rub her arm with my fingertips as we continued the sleeping façade with our eyes closed. She started rubbing my chest and then got rid of all pretense when she grabbed my cock and started stroking it through my boxers. I groaned with pleasure as my cock went from semi- to rock-hard in about 10 seconds. I spun and met her and we both passionately kissed each other. She gave me a breathy whisper into my ear, "I want you to fuck me."

I immediately kissed her hard and started rubbing her pussy through her boxers. It felt warm as she squirmed and moaned with delight. I did that for a minute before I put my hand under her shirt and pushed the tank-top off with my foreman. She did the rest and nearly ripped it off over her head. I lost my shirt and got on top of her in between her legs and started sucking her nipples. She exhaled an "uhmmm" as I continued. I kept alternating sucking one nipple and taking the other in my hand and massaging it. Those tits that were dancing through the corners of my brain all night were now filling up my hands. 

"Lay down," she said.

I laid on my back and she took her boxers off; throwing them in the corner. I laid there with my chest beating and my breath shallow as she mounted me. I let my mind drift with images of her naked body on me over the past few years, but didn't fully indulge them because she was so young. But now, that naturally tight body with a flat stomach and womanly curves in her hips and chest was now mounted on top of me.

As she pulled her hair back with a hair tie she said with a devilish grin, "I've been thinking about this for the past month."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah," she said grinning as she leaned close to me and started kissing my neck. She made her way down my body with her lips after finally stopped at my boxers. She looked up with a smile and put her fingers in my waistband and slowly pulled my boxers down. I lifted my butt to help her and she saw my stiff cock pop into view after she got my boxers off. I had to catch my breath after she immediately grabbed my cock and put the whole thing down her throat. She was alternating licking the underside of the head and sensitive part of the shaft and then bobbing up and down on the entire length. My eyes were rolling in the back of my head as she sucked my dick while applying just the right amount of pressure with her tongue. I was going to happily explode in her mouth when she suddenly stopped and crawled up to me.

She stared at me inches from my face and said, "Fuck me."

Her pelvis was already positioned over mine, so I grabbed my cock and helped her slide it into her pussy. Her eyelids flickered and she let out some high-pitched, but muffled moans and as she slowly let me inside of her. Once she got all the way down, we both let out deep groans of pleasure. I could feel the warmth and wetness of her pussy around my cock and all of the nerve endings in her vagina were firing jolts of pleasure into her brain. She slowly started going up and down until we got into a nice rhythm. I grabbed her hips and we started fucking hard. 

Jessica let out a high-pitched moan, but this time it wasn't muffled. She immediately covered her mouth with her hand, not wanting to wake up her friend sleeping in the other room. I exhaled an "oh fuck" and she immediately covered my mouth giggling. I grabbed her ass and started fucking her with a quick motion and her face instantly changed. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she started to moan in that escalating mode building towards an orgasm. She put her hands on my chest and pushed me back towards the bed.

"Take a breath," she said as she slowly started grinding her pussy back and forth with my cock still inside of her. She could feel my heart pounding and smiled at me as she moved some hair out of her face.

"I don't have any condoms."

"It's OK, I'm on the pill."

Jessica started to grind back and forth against my cock with a quickening pace. We started going faster and faster. I could hear her breath start to get quicker and her teeth clenching. Faster, faster.

"Make me cum, make me cum, make me cum," she said as she put her fingers through her hair. I was trying to hold out, but my cock was hitting all the walls of her vagina and I could feel the tingling in my balls start to build. I grabbed her big tits and then started dragging my fingertips across her taught teenage body hard. She was bucking at her maximum pace at this point. 

Her hands went behind her onto my legs as she arched her back and I grabbed her hips to keep the pace.

"I'm cumming," she said through panting and then out an increasing pitch of "ahh, ahh, ahh," as the last one couldn't hit the high note. She collapsed out of breath onto my chest.

"God...Holy shit...fuck."

She caught her breath and then said, "Your turn." She dismounted and got on all fours on the bed. I started to get behind her, but then got off of the bed and stood at the edge. I grabbed her hips and forcefully pulled her ass towards me. I positioned my cock against her pussy and slowly thrust in. I let out a grunt as the blood rushed to my head and slapped her ass; not hard, but enough to make noise. She let out a moan as we started to build up a rhythm. I could feel that tight, young pussy gripping my cock as I was fucking her from behind. It didn't take long for the tingling to start to build in my balls again. Jessica started to moan louder and louder before she grabbed a pillow to stifle herself.

"Cum inside me."

That sent me into overdrive as I started to pound her pussy relentlessly. Faster, faster. 

Jessica let out a muffled, "I'm cumming," into the pillow. I wasn't far behind.

I let out a clenched, "I'm gonna cum," as I pulled her hips roughly against mine one last time and came deep inside her pussy. I let out some animal grunts as my dick was unloading inside of her releasing jets of cum. She fell forward and I pulled out of her and collapsed on the bed next to her.

"Oh...my...God," I said in between breaths. Jessica just smiled as she tried to wrangle her heart back into her chest. We both quietly attempted to go to the bathroom and then got back into bed. I feel asleep with a sweetheart of a girl pressing her skin up against mine.

I woke up to an empty bed. Jessica had gotten up first and was giggling with Ashley in the living room. I got up and walked into the living room when they both stopped. Jessica said, "good morning," in a play-along type of tone. I sat down next to her on the couch and asked them how the night went. They gave me some play-by-play until Ashley got up to go to the bathroom. She seemed groggy, but no worse for the wear. I wanted to make sure nothing was listing in her emotional core after last night.

"Are we good?"

"Yeah, totally, but, uh, ... Ashley heard us."