 The gasp came from Deb. Barb and I both looked to the door and saw her standing there, nude with tears in her eyes.

"OMG OMG. ROB WHAT ARE YOU DOING? WHY ARE YOU HERE? WHY DOES MY BEST FRIEND HAVE YOUR COCK IN HER HAND. I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FIANCEE!! OH, JESUS. THIS IS A FUCKING NIGHTMARE.

"Gee Deb. Why did you come back here nude? Are you here for a reason?" Rob knew he needed to take control.

"You son of a bitch. My friend is holding your cock. Fuck you. BARB, LET GO OF HIS COCK, NOW!!"

Barb was mortified. She was caught with her best friends fiancée cock in her hand. She needed to explain. "Oh, Deb. I am so sorry. OMG, what have I done?"

Rob stepped in before this got way out of hand. "Gee Deb, I think this started when you sucked Barb's husband off this morning. I was just returning the favor to Barb."

"God dammit, you told me to! You said Barb would never know!!"

"Yes, I did and you didn't seem to hesitate for a second, did you?"

Deb dropped her head in shame. She knew he was right.

"So Deb, tell Barb how it was sucking her husbands cock while she slept in the back bedroom. Tell her how you swallowed his cum."

"Oh Barb. Please, I am so sorry. Rob told me to. Steve saw me nude, Rob was fucking me with his huge cock, and it just happened. I told him not to cum in my mouth but he held my head and I had to swallow. I wish I could take it back."

Barb finally spoke. "Deb. We have been friends since the fourth grade. I know how Steve is and I am pretty sure he is the one responsible. I just wish he had a cock like Rob's." She had his cock in her hand again and was jacking him off.

Rob lay there smiling. He had two good looking girls in the room. He told Deb to join them.

Deb looked at him confused. He motioned with his hand and she obeyed. She walked numbly to the bed and Rob put her in the middle.

"Deb, look at Barb's pussy. Remember I told you the next time I ate your pussy, it better be shaved. Doesn't her cunt look nice?"

Deb looked toward her friend but was too embarrassed to look toward her pussy. She jumped when Rob yelled, "LOOK AT HER PUSSY, DEBRA!!"

As she did, Rob told Barb to spread her legs. Deb could see the moisture and knew that she must have done something with Rob before she came to the back bedroom. "Did he fuck you, Barb?"

"No, Deb. I want him to. I want to feel a big cock for the first time. Will you let me fuck him"

Deb turned to Rob. "do you want to fuck her?"

"I would have to be a fool to say no. I wouldn't fuck her unless you said it was OK. I feel sorry for her. The only person that has ever fucked her was Steve. She has never had a real cock."

Deb looked at Barb. "Barb. Steve is so small. I could deep-throat him without any problem. Why did you marry someone with such a small cock. I thought you were fucking Bob when we were in HS." Bob was Barb's boyfriend before Steve.

"Deb, you know how it was. I let Bob feel me but I was too embarrassed to even touch him. He tried to force me but I stopped him. Now I wished I would have just fucked him. At least I would know what a real cock feels like. The girls told me he was huge." 

"If I let Rob fuck you will it only be this one time?" 

"Oh God yes. Oh, Deb. I promise. I swear, only once. Oh, I promise. I need to feel a huge cock in me. You saw that pathetic, uncircumcised cock my husband has. I need a big cock. Oh, thank-you. Thank-you."

Rob said, "before we begin, I want to satisfy you both at the same time. I want to fuck Barb, but I want to eat Deb's pussy too. I want Barb to help me shave you first, OK?"

Deb wasn't over enthusiastic. She liked her blonde pussy hair. This was one of Rob's crazy fucking ideas. She silently nodded her agreement. Barb let go of Rob's cock and went to the bathroom. She came back with a bowl of water, scissors, a razor, towel, and some shaving cream.

Rob was excited. He was making Deb do anything he wanted. He had Deb come to the left side of the bed and told her to spread her legs. As Barb was getting her pussy wet with the water, he stood up, grabbed Deb's head and slowly put his cock in her mouth. Deb began sucking as Barb worked on her pussy. Barb was skilled in shaving her own pussy and in a short time, Deb had a bare cunt, with just the blonde pussy hair above her slit. Rob took his cock out of Deb's mouth to see the work. All three noticed that Deb's pussy was very wet from Barb's touch.

"Your cunt looks beautiful Deb." She smiled, glad she made Rob happy. 

Rob asked, "did you guys ever have sleep overs?" The both nodded yes. "Did you ever experiment sexually?" They both nodded no. "Well maybe it's time you two explored your own sexuality."

Barb didn't hesitate. She had been sexually frustrated since before her marriage. She was on her knees, between Debs legs, licking at her pussy before Deb could object. Deb began pulling away but Barb was determined. She held tight and swapped Deb's cunt with her tongue.

The sexual tension since she entered the bedroom was enough that Deb started moving her hips when Barb's tongue hit her clit. 

"Rob, she's licking my pussy. OMG, I never thought. Oh! Oh! Right there. Oh! Keep going, Barb. Oh aaah!~! Fuck, I think. Oh! Oh! I'm cumming!! Deb grabbed Barb's head as her orgasm overtook her.

When Deb quit writhing, Barb looked into her eyes, her mouth wet with Deb's pussy juice. She raised up and gave her a long tongue kiss Deb kissed back.. Rob's cock became steel hard watching his first girl on girl action. Barb turned to Rob, her face wet. She had a big smile on her face and asked him to fuck her.

Barb laid side by side with Deb, as Rob got between her legs. He asked Deb to help him fuck her friend. Deb obediently got on her knees, grabbed Rob's cock, and rubbed it up and down Barb's cunt to get it wet. Every time it touched her, Barb jerked and moaned.

Deb asked, "Barb. Are you ready for my fiancée's big cock?" 

Barb moaned, "Oh God yes. Please put it in."

Deb held his cock as the big head went in. Barb was already groaning. Rob fed her 4" and Barb began moaning.

"Oh, Oh, Jesus Rob, Your cock is splitting me. Oh it feels so good. Don't stop! OMG, I never knew it could feel like this."

Rob had more cock in Barb then she ever had. Although Steve had 4", he was thin and Rob's girth had opened Barb. He grabbed Barb's ankles and kept pushing them back toward her head. She was bent in two and her pussy was wide open.

"Oh fuck Rob. Jesus, I'm not a gymnast." Rob didn't stop and drove his cock into her until he was 6" deep." OMG, aaaha! WOW, Your cock feels so deep, so good. Deb, I love it. You are so lucky. You get this all the time. OOOOOh!!" Barb started cumming when Rob gave her the last 2". She was shaking, screaming , and came again. 

Watching the joy on Barb's face, feeling her tight pussy around his cock, was all that it took. Rob began screaming, "here it comes Barb. Fuck your cunt is tight." He didn't ask her where she wanted it. He just knew he was going to blow his hot cum into her married cunt. "Oh fuck." His balls tightened and Rob unloaded in Barb's pussy. The scalding cum put Barb over the top and she shook, and came one last time. Rob stayed deep in her pussy, enjoying her hot cunt. When she had milked him dry, he rolled off, and they lay side by side. 

Barb was in extreme bliss, almost passed out. Rob rubbed his wet cock in wonderment after fucking this hot married lady. She had the tightest pussy ever. He knew he would fuck her again. He was going to make both women beg for his cock. They were going to be his. 

Deb got between his legs and sucked his cock, getting the last of their juices off his big cock. She surprised both of them when she got between Barbs legs and began licking the cum filled pussy. Barb was writhing about, enjoying the aftermath of the huge cock, and now her best friends tongue. 

It was when Barb moaned for the first time that Rob looked up and saw Steve, standing at the door.