 You get a knock at your door. It's me leaning against the door frame. I'm dressed in a black trench coat that goes down to my knees. I'm wearing black stiletto boots that go up and under the coat. I grab you by the shirt and start kissing you aggressively while pushing you back into the room. I push you onto the bed. And slowly start to unbutton the coat. I'm wearing a leather corset that pushes my breasts to the point of almost falling out. I'm wearing a little skirt that barely covers my ass. You can see a hint of a garter belt holding up fishnet stockings... 

I start to crawl towards you on the bed, with my breasts at eye level you can see them giggle and almost fall out with every move... You reach the head board and sit against it. I crawl my way up your body, stopping to give already hard cock some attention. Kiss and nip at it through your pants and run my Hands up your chest and touch you everywhere. I start to kiss my way up. I get to your mouth and tease your lips with my tongue and give them a seductive suck and gentle bite... 

I straddle you, grab your hands and put them above your head and slowly start to grind into your cock. I let go of your hands and slowly run my hands up my body. Caressing my legs, running my hands up and rubbing my pussy, and then slowly up to my breasts. Slightly squeezing both of them. Then up into my hair. All the while I'm grinding your cock 

You go to grab me, but I pull away. Get off the bed. You go to follow I push you back down... I slowly start to strip the barely there skirt off of me only to reveal a black see through g-string... I go to my coat and bend over giving you a good view of my ass and grab something from my coat. I walk back slowly.. Seductively... Crawl back onto the bed... 

Straddle you and grab your hair and pull your head to the side to reveal your neck and I start to kiss and bite your neck... 

Then I take your hands and lead them to my breasts for your to squeeze and play with. I let out a moan... I start grinding your cock harder... I can feel it begging to be freed from its restraints. I take your right hand and hand cuff it and then cuff it to the headboard. I do the same to your left hand... I laugh seductively and then kiss my way down to your now throbbing cock. I pull your pants down and tease it... 

Once it's free, I kiss around the base and then lick up to the tip and give a slight suck. Lick my way down then up. I do this until you thrust your hips in frustration cause you Wanting your cock in my mouth... Finally I take it in my mouth and suck it all until it's completely filled my mouth and going down my throat... 

While deep throating your cock I slowly play with your balls and lightly tug on them... I pull your wet Cock out and replace my mouth with my hand and then I go down and suck on your balls until your moaning and bucking your hips... I want to hear you beg for my pussy... Beg for a release... 

I stop the assault of my mouth and hand on your cock and balls and sit up... I grab your head and put your face into my breasts and demand you kiss and suck on them... While you're doing that I undo the corset and let my breast free. I make you take one of my nipples in your mouth. Grab the other one and squeeze and play with my nipple.. Then I take my other hand and pull the g-string aside and start to play with my wet pussy while your cock is rubbing against it. Getting soaked in my juices... 

I make you switch to my other nipple and start teasing the one you just finished with... I start to get excited and start to grind my wet pussy against your cock while playing with my clit... I start to moan... I pull your head back and make you lick the juices off my fingers... I stand up and turn around and start to take off the soaking g-string... I wiggle my ass for you, cause I know you love it... I get back on the bed and stand and put my pussy in your face for you to eat... I start to moan and grab your hair and grind into your face... I un cuff one of your hands so you can use them in me while you eat me... I grind your face until you make cum... I start to moan and buck and end up screaming your name... I collapse onto you while my body shivers through the resonating orgasm... 

I sit up into your lap and turn around so my back is to you, I lean forward so you can see my ass and start to grind your cock again... I let you keep your one arm free so you can smack and squeeze my ass. Every time you smack it I let out a moan of ecstasy. I take your cock and slowly start to tease my pussy with it... Getting the head get and running it up and down my slit... Moving it up to my clit then back down... sending shivers down my entire body... I slowly start to sit on your cock and use the tip to fuck me and tease us both. I slowly move down putting more and more of your cock into me... I get you all in me... We both sigh from the pleasure... I grind on your cock, taking pleasure from it finally filling me... 

I slowly start to fuck your cock in reverse cowgirl. Slowly teasing you... Driving myself crazy... I start to move my hips faster.. You start to smack my ass harder... I can barely stand it anymore. I stop turn around without you leaving me, uncuff your other hand and tell you to fuck my wet pussy hard and fast... You pick me up and toss me over... 

Pulling me by hips to the edge of the bed you slap my ass hard and start to tease my pussy with your tip... Your so riled up, I'm no longer in control... You put the tip in and pull it out... You do this until you hear a whimper escape my Lips... 

You ram your cock into my pussy hard and slap my ass at the same time... I suck in breathe from the sudden fullness inside me and the pain from the slap... My pussy gets even more wet and with each thrust, you can hear how wet I am... 

You start to fuck me harder and faster... You grab my hair and hold on while you ride me from behind... 

You squeeze my ass and then smack it hard... I start to play with my clit... I can feel my orgasm start to build... I start to moan and you slowly down to a slow and steady pace to tease me and drag out when I orgasm... Wanting to orgasm at the same time... You make me sit up by tugging my hair a little harder then before... My back against your chest... My breast moving up and down from breathing so hard... I turn and kiss you... Then grab your hair and make you submit to my demands and put you back on the bed laying down with your cock up I'm the hair... I go back to my coat and grab a dildo and some lube... 

I lube up the dildo and my ass... You stand behind me again you take the dildo and slowly put it my ass and once it's in you slam your cock into my soaking wet pussy... You start slamming into my pussy and work the dildo at the same time... I start playing with my clit... Having your cock in my pussy and a dildo in my ass is to much for my... My orgasm starts to building, I'm moaning and screaming your name "oh seany, yes baby right there, fuck! me! don't stop! Oh my god,'I'm gunna cumm, baby cumm with me. Oh god please don't stop"... You start to feel your orgasm build and fuck me my pussy harder and my ass with the dildo harder... 

I can feel my orgasm start and spread out until my entire body is tingling... My pussy starts to contracting against your cock and I'm cumming and screaming your name... You feel your orgasm start and you go faster and harder until you shoot your load deep I side of me and join me in complete and total ecstasy.

We fall over completely exhausted. You pull me close to you, kiss my neck, whisper "I love you my moon, thank you for surprising me with this. I've missed you." Thanks we asleep snuggled close.