 A couple of months after my lackluster visit to the Soho 'model' I had still not got my big tit fix. I had fucked a girl I worked with not long after, an American girl called Joanna. She was a little taller than me, maybe 6"1, very slim with tiny A-cup tits. She was an average lay, didn't put much into it and her blowjob skills were nothing to shout about. It was, thankfully, a one-off.

I walked towards a phone box one Wednesday night in Victoria. Without hesitating I walked inside and picked up the receiver. I mimed the action of putting a 50p in the slot and dialed a random set of numbers. I didn't like the thought of someone seeing me and automatically assuming I was looking at the hooker adverts. I started a fake conversation with nobody as I browsed the adverts stuck to the windows. There was an awful lot of transsexual adverts and glossy images of girls who clearly weren't going to be the one to open the door if you visited. I settled on a handwritten advert without a picture - 'New! Very curvy! Very Busty! 38FF!' I grabbed the card from the window and stuffed it into my pocket. I hung up the handset and left the phone box as a guy walked past me, looking me in the eye but I was unable to judge his thoughts. Innocent, I hoped but it didn't matter at all.

I walked down the road and round a corner. I pulled out the card and called the number on my mobile. After a couple of rings it was answered by a gruff, curt woman. 'Hello?' I said I had seen her advert and asked if she was available. 'Yes she's available, where are you now?' It wasn't the girl I was speaking to but someone else, maybe her 'madam' like I had met in Soho. I told her my location and she said the venue was nearby, maybe a 10 minute walk. I asked how much it would be. 'Services start from £20 for hand relief reaching up to £90 for full service'. I needed to know if her tits were really a 38FF so I asked if she had large breasts. The madam confirmed it. I said I'd be about 15 minutes and she gave me the door number and instructed me to ring the buzzer when I arrived.

I was a bit skint at the time so only intended to get a handjob. I withdrew £40 from a cashpoint nearby and lit up a cigarette. I smoked 2 on my walk to the flat, slightly nervous about what lay ahead due to my last experience. When I reached the flat I rang the buzzer and waited. Very quickly the lock buzzed open and I walked through. The hallway seemed much nicer than the Soho one. A voice called out from up the floor above and I recognised it to be the madam beckoning me to the flat. I made my way up the stairs and met the woman I had been speaking to. She was just as frumpy as her Soho counterpart. She showed me into a bedroom that was more inviting than the models. 'She'll be in to see you in a moment'. With that she left the room and closed the door. I looked around. The room was warm and cosy. The bed was still smaller than a double but a bit bigger than a single. The radio was playing quietly in the corner and an array of sex toys sat on display on a table by the bed.

The door opened after a minute or two and the girl entered. Immediately I was impressed. 5"6-ish, blonde, plenty of curves and a huge, heaving chest. She walked over and said hello as she bent down and kissed me on the cheek. She lingered as she kissed me, knowing full well I was staring at her massive cleavage. I could feel myself starting to get hard. She sat next to me and asked what I wanted. I asked for the hand relief and I gave her £30. She thumbed through the notes and as she looked up to smile I gave her another £5 for a tip. 'Thank you honey, I'll be back in a moment', she said in her sexy eastern European accent. She walked out and I waited impatiently, mesmerised by her giant breasts.

She came back and said 'Oh, you're still dressed?' I giggled nervously and stood to undress. I removed my jumper and jeans then bent down to remove my socks. 'And those too,' she said, pointing to my boxers. I pulled them down and stood in front of her, semi-hard. She reached for my cock and started to lightly stroke it. I looked down at her breasts and reached behind her to caress her plump arse. I lay down on the bed at her suggestion and she pulled a bottle of lube out of a drawer. She was next to me so that she was face on to me and applied some lube to my cock. It was cold and I twitched. She laughed and said it would warm up quickly. She then took hold of my almost erect dick and started to massage it slowly with her hand. The feeling was incredible. My gaze was fixed on her chest until I looked up and our eyes met. I asked her to remove her bra and she agreed. She undid her bra from the front and her tits jiggled as they dropped out. They were the best pair of tits I had ever seen in real life. Large, milky and slightly veiny, her areolas were pale and her nipples were large and erect. 

She continued to wank me, building up speed as I moaned lightly. I reached out to her tits with one hand, grabbing and squeezing softly. I ran my hand over her nipple feeling it get harder as I did. She bent over and rubbed her nipple on the head of my cock, exciting it even more. She continued to wank me, a lot faster now. The lube resulted in a slurping sound as she pumped my shaft, making the scenario more of a turn on. I felt myself about to cum and I told her. 'Yes, cum for me you dirty boy' she said, maybe for the 10th time that day. She bent down again to hang her breasts over my throbbing cock, letting it get slapped by them. I couldn't hold back and shot a stream of cum between her tits as I buckled. Another jet fired out onto my stomach as she held my dick away from her. She squeezed hard as she continued to jerk it and a bit more cum dribbled onto me. I grabbed her hand and slowed her pace, squeezing it even further as I grunted out loud. I brought it to a stop and exhaled. 'Good boy' she said in her dirtiest voice. 

I caught my breath as I lay back, spent and exhilirated. She wiped my cock clean with a tissue and then her chest. I took the tissue she offered and wiped the rest of my cum from my stomach. A little bit more cum dribbled from my cock as she stood up so I wiped it with my finger and brought it to my mouth. I could taste the lube and the salty jizz together. I stood and dressed as she played with her hair in the mirror. She opened the door for me and led me to the top of the stairway. We both said thanks and she kissed me on the cheek again. I walked out into the cool night with a big smile on my face, still picturing those glorious breasts.