 My experience with the memorable handjob by my busty friend in Pimlico provided plenty of wanking material for the following months. It was my default memory anytime I jerked off without porn and I'd replay it over and over, picturing those milky white tits and my cum glistening on them.

I moved to Finchley in North London not long after. My new place was big and soulless, my housemates friendly enough though. One of them was a girl called Sarah who was a bit chubby and had decent sized tits. She was timid and quiet and her boyfriend spent a lot of time at the house. I once caught a glimpse of her naked arse through her slightly ajar door. I stopped and looked but as quick as I had spotted it she had moved out of view. I would often find myself staring at her bosom when she wasn't looking, imagining my cum spraying as she wanked my hard dick. It was pure fantasy though. There was no way anything would happen there.

Finchley had far fewer adverts in phone boxes. I was frustrated by this but soon discovered an escort website. This was my dream. I would spend hours looking through all the available escorts in London, finding girls that offered a few of the secret fetishes I'd opened my eyes to over time. The prospect of being able to fuck a hooker whilst filming it on my phone or sharing her with another guy would get me hard just thinking about it. I could search by age, distance, price and more. Whether they liked anal or not. Whether they like to kiss you. Whether they like to let you cum on their face. I used the breast size search to find some women near me. I found one girl nearby called 'BBW Babe'. She was 27, Hungarian and had 38E tits. She was a BBW with dark hair but none of the pictures showed her face. I paid to see her private pictures and would wank to them over the next few days.

After a late finish at work at the bar one night I went for a drink with a few workmates. At around 2am I called it a night and caught the night bus home. I pulled out my phone and decided to browse her pictures on the way. I saw at the top of her profile it said 'Available Now'. I was a little tipsy and her pictures had started to get me hard so I decided 'fuck it,why not?' I called the number on the profile and waited for her to answer.

'Hello?'

'Hi darling, I saw your advert on the website and I wondered if you were available?'

'Yes baby, when would you like to come?'

'Well I'm in Muswell Hill at the moment, where are you?'

'I'm in East Finchley honey, is that OK?'

'Yes that's fine, I should be there in about 20 minutes. What's the address?'

'Call me when you're in East Finchley and I'll give you the address.'

'OK. Do you, erm, do everything it says on your profile?'

'Yes darling, all services I do for you.'

'OK, I'll speak to you soon. Bye.'

'Bye baby.'

I hung up and felt my cock almost fully hard. I looked at her services on her profile again, picking out the things I definitely wanted to do with her - oral without condom, kissing and facial. I was really keen to cum on her face and this was a big bonus for me. I rubbed my straining boner through my jeans as I put my phone away, impatient for the bus to reach my stop.

Once I was in East Finchley I grabbed my phone and called again.

'Hi baby, I spoke to you a little while ago and said I'd call when I was nearby. I'm at the tube station now.'

'OK, I'll text you the address. Come quickly darling. Bye bye.'

A minute later the text came through and I put the address into the maps. It was a 7 minute walk. I lit a cigarette and made my way. Once outside the address I rang the doorbell and waited. Through the frosted glass I saw someone approach the door and open it. It was the girl from the pictures. She hid behind the door as she let me in, ensuring nobody outside could see much of her. She was wearing tight leggings and a tight black top. Her cleavage was heaving out of her top. She was shorter than me, her head reaching my shoulders. She was definitely a BBW. She had a very cute face and a nice smile. We both said hello and she led me upstairs. I watched her arse wobble as she climbed the steps to the first floor. I was led into a bedroom where I removed my bag and sat on the bed.

She sat next to me and asked my name. I asked hers and she said 'BBW Babe, you know that!' I asked her real name and she smirked at me. 'Laura, thank you for asking me.' We made small talk for a few minutes as I warmed up in the cosy bedroom. She started to run her fingers across my thigh which encouraged my cock to twitch. She asked why I didn't have a girlfriend.

'Well, I can't find the right girl.'

'What is the right girl for you darling?'

I looked down at her inviting chest and reached out to cup them.

'A girl with big boobs like these.'

'So you like the big boobs then?'

'Oh yes, very much.'

'So what would you like to do tonight with me?'

'Erm, well it said on your website that you do blowjob without a condom?'

'Yes...'

'And kissing?'

'Of course...'

'And can I, erm, cum on your face when I finish?'

She rolled her eyes and smiled. 'Why every man want to cum on my face?'

I didn't know what to say for a second then replied 'because you have a lovely face!'

She frowned and smiled at the same time. 'OK then, and how long you want?'

'Err, just half an hour I think.'

'So that will be £60 please baby.'

I took out my wallet and gave her £70. She seemed surprised by this extra donation and thanked me with a kiss but not on the cheek like the Pimlico girl. Her lips met mine and we engaged in a passionate kiss, her tongue tickling mine as she ran her hand down my chest. She broke off and excused herself for a moment. She said I should undress while she was gone. As she left I stood and removed all of my clothes, unlike the previous two visits I had made to an escort where I left on my underwear. I stood naked in the bedroom, my cock semi hard. I held it in my hand and started to slowly stroke it before realising I didn't want to end up cumming too soon. I sat on the bed and waited for her to enter once more.

The door opened and I heard Laura speaking Hungarian to someone else. She burst out laughing when she realised I was completely naked with a big grin on my face. 'Wow, you must be excited?'

I nodded back and laughed. She closed the door and went over to her laptop to put on some music. She faced me and asked me what I wanted her to do.

'I want to kiss you' I said as I stood up. I walked towards her and we embraced. We locked lips and I ran my hands over her back, feeling her chubby rolls under her tight shirt. My cock pressed against her pelvis and I could feel it get harder and harder. My hands reached her arse and I caressed her giant cheeks, squeezing and spreading them as our tongues fought each other. I pulled away from her and asked her to remove her top. She lifted it over her head but before it was completely off I cupped her massive tits over her bra and massaged them gently.

She dropped the shirt to the floor and we resumed the deep kissing, this time dirtier and sloppier. She nibbled at my lip so I thrust my dick into her crotch, pulling her arse towards me. The feeling was incredible, the pressure on my cock brought it to full mast. I reached behind and fumbled to unclasp her bra. She giggled as I failed and took over for me. The bra dropped to the floor and I grabbed at her tits as we kissed. I felt her hand find my cock and her fingers tickled the head. I bent down and lifted her nipple to my mouth. 'Gently' she whispered to me. My tongue darted across her firm nipples and she moaned a little. I licked all over her breasts as her hands rubbed my balls a bit firmer than I would have liked. I moved my attention to her other massive breast as she swapped hands and started to slowly stroke my shaft.

'Can you suck my cock now please?' I asked like a polite schoolboy.

'OK, lie down on the bed then baby.'

'Can I stand up for it instead?'

Laura smiled again. She had a beautiful smile, dirty yet cute. She walked towards the bed, pulling me by my dick. She sat at the edge of the bed as I positioned myself in front of her. She put both of her hands around my shaft and looked up at me. 'Are you a naughty boy?' I nodded in agreement as her mouth hovered inches from my aching cock. 'Do you want me to suck your dick naughty boy?' 'Oh please, please suck it'. My voice sounded almost desperate now. She lowered her gaze to my erection, slowly pumping the length of it. She stuck out her tongue and I felt her lick my tip. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes, revelling in the moment. I felt her warm mouth encompass it and slowly move up and down the head. She flicked her tongue at it as she did making me moan even more. I fondled her breasts as she began to pick up speed. She stopped and gasped for air, looking at me as I saw saliva drip from my cock and her mouth.

Laura straightened her back and lifted her breasts higher. She parted them and wrapped them around my dick. I'd never had a titwank before this. The softness of her breasts on my pulsating hard on was amazing. She held her chest still as I started to thrust in and out of them. The head would disappear and then pop out of the top as I pumped. She dribbled some spit onto the head to provide some lubrication and as I started to pump again I heard the squishing sounds and felt like I was in heaven.

I pulled my cock out of her mouth and bent down to kiss her. It was a dirty kiss, wet and messy. I pushed my dick back to her lips and she took it in as far as she could. I needed to fuck her now so took a step back. Laura wiped her chin and ruffled her hair.

'Can I fuck you now please?'

'Of course, you want to be on top?'

'No I want you to bend over.'

Laura stood and turned to climb on the bed. She was about to remove her big panties before I asked her to stop so I could admire the view of her ass bent over. It was such an amazing sight. Her arse was massive but very shapely. She arched her back to lift it higher and I crouched forward to run my hands all over it. I buried my head into her crack and could smell her pussy and her asshole. I licked at the moist spot on her panties and heard her groan quietly.

I pulled at the waistband and Laura stretched her legs out to help me remove them. I stared in wonder at her pussy and was about to bend down and eat her out but had a sudden moment of doubt as I wondered if it was a smart idea to lick a hookers pussy. I fingered her instead, slowly at first but quickly building speed to fingerbang her with two fingers. She was really wet now and pushing back onto them as I drove in and out. I stopped and brought my fingers to my mouth and licked. I felt her hand on my cock again as she reached beneath herself and started to stroke me aggressively. I asked for a condom and she flipped over suddenly, the whole bed shaking beneath her weight. She reached for a rubber from the bedside table and opened it. She unravelled it down my cock and jerked me a couple of times to make sure it was on. She turned back over and reached beneath herself again to guide dick to her pussy. She let go as I pushed the tip in slowly. It was so warm and wet that I knew I wouldn't very long. I fucked her slowly, savouring the moment but after only a couple of minutes I could feel myself about to cum. I pulled out and asked her if she could go on top of me. 

She rolled over and made space for me to lay down and then straddled me. She held my cock at the opening of her pussy and rubbed it on her clit a few times. I felt her warmth again as she lowered herself onto me and bounced up and down on the tip. After a few seconds she engulfed my cock all the way down and balanced herself on me. She leaned over me, her massive breasts swinging in my face as I tried to lick them and nibble at them. I pulled her neck down to kiss her and we moaned together as she rode me. I couldn't last much longer.

'I'm gonna cum.'

'Cum for me baby, yeah cum for me now.'

'Can I still cum on your face?'

She rolled her eyes and sighed again jokingly. She lay on her back and I straddled her tummy. I removed the condom and started to wank furiously before wrapping her tits around my dick. I fucked her tits hard and fast and then realised I was about to blow. I grabbed the headboard of the bed and hovered over her face. Laura closed her eyes and mouth as I shot a jet of creamy cum onto her nose. The second land on her lips and the third on her neck. I screamed in ecstasy as I squeezed out more. Once I had finished I pushed my cock to her cum covered lips and rubbed it around, spreading my hot cum over her face. She opened her eyes and looked at me but her mouth stayed firmly closed. 'Please?' I pleaded. She knew what I wanted. She parted her lips and licked at my head. I shivered at the sensation and pushed the tip into her mouth. She sucked gently and slurped at it. A bit more cum dribbled out and I pushed my cock further inside her mouth, halfway down the shaft. 

I stayed motionless for a moment until she tapped on my ass and i lifted out of her and collapsed next to her on the bed. She swallowed what cum she had in her mouth and coughed. I laughed and she did too. 'It's not funny, why you want to do that to me?' she said jokingly. She had cum all around her mouth and it felt exactly like I had imagined it would. She jumped up and headed to the cabinet to get some tissues. She wiped her face and came back to me, cleaning my dick and balls with the wipes. She gave me a couple of spares and then I stood to clean up. We made more small talk and laughed about the fun we just had. We both dressed and within 3 minutes I was ready to leave. She walked me out of the bedroom and down the stairs to the door. I thanked her and she pulled me in for another deep kiss. I could taste my cum on her tongue and feel her hand grabbing my still half erect cock through my jeans. 'I'm going to come and see you again very soon, is that ok?' 'Of course darling, any time you want. Thank you'

And with that I left and headed for the bus stop to wait for the night bus, my cock still half erect and my fingers smelling of her sweet pussy.