 “Are you serious?” I asked, more than a little surprised. 

She stood there, looking at me from across the room. I knew she wanted to get into the bathroom to wash up, but I couldn’t believe she was really going to go back to the other room. After all, hadn’t she told me herself that it had been too cold to sleep alone? 

“You look very tired, Jack,” she said, her hand on the doorknob. “If I come back, you might not get any sleep.”

“I know you need to use the bathroom,” I said, turning a corner of the covers as if to get up. “But if you’re not back in a couple of minutes I’m going to come looking for you.”

She smiled at me then, and left. It was when she smiled that I realized letting her go would have been a mistake. 

Several minutes later, just as I was beginning to doubt myself and whether Melinda was coming back, I heard the door slide open. She had a new pair of panties on, but her t-shirt was the same and it had a couple of water spots on it.

“Do you have a shirt I can borrow, Jack?” she asked me, from just inside the door. 

“Of course,” I said, starting to get up.

“I’ll get it,” she said. “Just point me—you stay in bed and keep the sheets warm for me.”

I told her where my bag was, and she padded over to it, saying something under her breath about how cold she was.

“Take some socks too, if you want,” I suggested.

“No, I can’t sleep in socks,” she shook her head as she rummaged through my bag for a shirt. She found one, older and dark, it was the softest t-shirt I owned and it was big on her. I smiled to myself when she turned her back to me to change. As soon as she was done she crawled right onto the bed and slipped under the covers with me. 

She nuzzled up against me, half smiling and half frowning. 

“Oh, this feels so good and warm,” she sighed. “But my feet are so cold….”

What she had done for me this evening was incomparable, but I thought I could at least try to do her this small favor.

“Turn over, sweetheart,” I said in her ear. I don’t know if the surprise on her face came from the endearment or simply being asked to turn over, but she only hesitated a second and then put her back to me. She was so much smaller than me that, even though we were now spooned, it was easy to scoot myself down just a bit, reach under the covers and put one of her feet between my thighs without bending her knee too far.

Her response made enduring the cold worth it as she gave an audible sigh that reminded me of how I felt climbing into the hot tub. She reached back to run her hand through my hair. It felt good, intimate, personal. I felt closer to her now than I had earlier.

It was a few minutes before either of us said anything. 

“Corenne’s not seeing anyone,” she said, whispering.

“Oh yeah?” I replied. “I’m sure that’s by choice.”

“I don’t know,” Mel replied, taking her hand from the back of my neck. “Maybe. She seemed a little unhappy the last time I saw her.”

“Mel,” I said, “I know she’s a friend of ours, and I do want her to be happy, but could we talk about something else? Let’s talk about you, or me, or something. Anything, just not Corenne.”

I could have sworn I glimpsed a smile on her lips before she twisted to look at me.

“Did you like my swimsuit tonight?” she asked.

I gave her a wide grin.

“Oh yes,” I said. “That was very nice.”

“I was thinking of you when I picked it out.”

“Were you really?” I asked, surprised.

“Well, sort of,” she seemed to be admitting. “I was thinking mostly of you, but I also knew I would look good in it, so I was also thinking of me a little.”

I chuckled, wrapping my arm around her waist. 

“How’s your foot feel?” 

“Wonderful.”

Unhooking my arm from around her waist, I lifted myself over her and asked her to turn onto her other side. Soon, we were facing the other way. A moment later I was warming her other foot.

Melinda practically purred.

“I think this may actually be in the book of ‘Reasons to Keep a Man’,” she said, wriggling back against me to get as close as she possibly could.

I moved her hair off of her neck and planted a small kiss. 

“Mmmm,” she closed her eyes. “If I go to sleep on you it’s because this feels so good.”

“Do you think you’d dream about us?”

“I sure hope so,” she said, giving a tired little laugh. She was fading fast, would probably be asleep before long. 

I leaned into her, my lips not far from her ear.

“I’ve missed you,” I whispered. I could see her falling asleep. “I don’t think I want to miss you anymore.”

It hadn’t taken me long to fall asleep. Laying like we were, I soon let her take her foot back, but she never moved away. I awoke, laying on my back, with this beautiful girl next to me. At first I didn’t realize what woke me, but after a moment I recognized the smell of coffee. I moved carefully, pulling myself away and sliding out of bed. 

I settled the covers back around her, and kissed her on the corner of her mouth. She smiled slightly, still asleep, and stretched a tiny bit as she rolled onto her side. I don’t know about other fellas, but for me there are very few things as life-affirming as that. I took a moment to just look at her.

Yesterday we were good friends. This morning we were… what? I didn’t know, but I smiled thinking of the possibilities. I don’t know how much sleep I’d really gotten, but I felt great.

Grabbing the bathrobe I’d left on the hook by the door, and putting on a pair of socks, I headed downstairs. 

I found Emma in the kitchen, sitting with a cup of coffee, staring at the bay window. Sunlight poured in, lighting the room.

“Good morning,” I greeted her, walking across the kitchen floor. Coffee mugs were set out next to the pot, so I grabbed and filled one.

“How did you sleep last night?” she asked me. 

I smiled to myself, my back to her. When I turned, well, the smile would’ve been gone, but I just couldn’t get rid of it.

“Fantastic,” I said. “I haven’t slept this good in a while.”

“I’m glad I invited Melinda.”

“Yes,” I nodded. “That was an exceptional idea.”

“Did she sleep well, too?”

Okay, had I not thought the idea completely crazy, I would’ve thought Emma was slightly jealous. Just from the tone of her voice, and the way she phrased her last question.

“I guess you’d have to ask her,” I said, suddenly somewhat guarded. The Spidey Sense had tingled, so I would play it safe—if I found out later that it was all for naught, well, great, but until then…. Luckily, and as if on cue, Melinda answered from the other kitchen entryway.

“Yes, I did,” she said, still wearing my shirt and now my sweatpants too. She crossed the cold tile floor and reached around me to get a mug. She got close, and I heard her take in a breath. “I missed your smell,” she whispered.

“Are you two hungry?” Emma asked, setting her mug down. “Do you eat breakfast?”

“Not me,” I said. “You?” I looked at Melinda.

“Not really,” Mel shook her head. “Do you have any fruit? Maybe toast?”

At that moment, Steve came into the kitchen. He was completely dressed, and he looked distracted. 

“Sorry, Honey,” he said, bending down and kissing the cheek Emma offered him. He turned to Melinda and I. “Something’s come up, I have to go to the office… I’ll be back later, though.”

“We should be okay,” Melinda teased him. “We need to find Jack something to wear tonight anyway.”

“Oh that’s right,” Steve said, lost in thought a moment. “I may have to go straight to the airport from the office if I’m going to pick Joe and Kathy up in time… if I can’t make it, can I call you and ask you to pick them up for me?” He was looking at Emma for the last part. 

“Sure,” she said, standing up and tightening the belt on her robe. “We can get them if you get too caught up.”

“Thanks, Honey,” he said, grabbing a cup and pouring some coffee before he left.

After he was gone, Emma turned to Melinda and asked, “What sort of fruit would you like?”

After a very light breakfast, with Melinda and Emma sharing a grapefruit, everyone got dressed. We took showers, though still disappointedly separate, I thought, and soon I was downstairs sitting in the living room. I had turned on the TV, catching a little sports re-cap coverage on ESPN when Mel walked in. She was wearing khakis, a clean pair of K-Swiss, and an orange, sleeveless top. She looked great.

I was sitting on the couch, and she walked up behind me, lacing her arms over my chest. She had a thin, metal bracelet jangling on her wrist.

“I am so going to reward you for making my feet warm,” she said, low and in my ear.

I suddenly forgot to mention that warming her feet had been my attempt to pay her back. 

“Oh?” I asked.

“Mmm hmm,” she put her lips to my ear. 

“I swear to God, Mel, if you kiss my ear, all that time you spent getting dressed this morning will go to waste.”

She pulled away, laughing. 

“I wouldn’t have guessed that was your ‘magic button’,” she said, running her hands across my shoulders. 

“I have several,” I said. “We can go over them in detail later.”

“Deal,” she replied, leaning back in and giving me a quick kiss on the cheek. 

Right then, Emma came in wearing blue jeans, a pair that flared a little at the boot, and her hair down, with a collared blouse that screamed GAP. 

“Ready to do some shopping?” she asked.

Melinda pulled away from me, but said, “We need to get you something to wear tonight, Jack. What do you say to letting us help you pick something out?”

I agreed to it, straight away, flicking off the TV. The two girls had acted funny for a moment that morning, when Mel had gotten her coffee, but from then on things had seemed to return to normal. Which I was very glad for.

Both women looked gorgeous, and they were both mine all day. Could I say enough how great an idea the weekend had been?

We spent the morning getting some clothes for that evening. I got to watch both Emma and Melinda try on different outfits, and that was time well spent. Eventually Melinda settled on a dark sheath dress, and Emma picked out a cream colored slip dress. I remember hoping that Kathy had brought something nice to wear for dinner, because the two women I was with were going to be absolutely radiant. 

It really didn’t take long for me to find something for myself. Melinda suggested DKNY, and I found something they both loved at Neiman Marcus. They spent a little while longer picking out shoes, and then we were out of there. 

We stopped at a dry cleaner to drop off our newly purchased clothes, and then took a quick trip to the grocery store to pick up some things Emma said she’d need for breakfast on Sunday. 

In the checkout line, Emma got a call from Steve saying that he would be able to pick up Joe and Kathy at the airport, but that he would have to leave straight from the office. It was no big deal, really, but it was a bit of a disappointment that I didn’t get to see much of my friend. 

When I mentioned it to Melinda she gave me a face full of mock hurt.

“We’re not entertaining enough for you, Jack?” she asked, pouting her lips.

I laughed, “No, that’s not it at all—“

“You’re just bored, aren’t you?” she asked. Emma was busy paying the cashier.

“Well, I didn’t want to say anything and hurt anyone’s feelings….” I said, thinking two could play her game. The look I got was worth it. Total indignation.

“You rotten—“ she slapped my arm. Then she looked past me to Emma. “He said he’s bored!”

“Maybe we should give him something to do?”

Melinda nodded vehemently. “Yes, I think that’s an excellent idea.”

“I have a broken step on the back porch that needs fixing.”

“I’m an engineering consultant, not a carpenter.”

“The drain in the shower is slow,” Melinda offered.

“I’ll do that,” I immediately offered. “Where’s that liquid plumber snake stuff? It’s gotta be around here somewhere….”

“Too easy,” Emma decided. “I need the oil changed in the truck.”

“What?” I asked. “I thought you said you just got the truck.”

“We took a trip to the coast. Lots of miles.”

Both Melinda and Emma were smiling at each other now. I realized that there was a point where I could have admitted I had been joking about the being bored, and probably changed the subject. But we were way beyond it now, and for all intents and purposes, it looked like I was changing some oil.

“Do you have what you need?” I asked.

“I… have what you need,” she said, again smiling at me.

“I think you’ll need to take this shirt off and change her oil wearing your ‘wife beater’,” Melinda suggested. Emma immediately agreed.

“My what?” I asked, confused for a moment.

“Your undershirt, darling,” Melinda clarified. “Maybe you’ll get a little dirty. Very sexy.”

Now, I suppose it’s possible that if I can find one girl in her pajamas hitting another girl in her pajamas with a pillow to be sexy, that’s no more strange than both of them finding me wearing jeans, a tank top, and a couple of motor oil stains sexy. So there we were. I was about to change some oil, and apparently while on parade.

So, it wasn’t much later that we got back to the house. Emma keyed open the garage from her seat, and rolled the truck in. Apparently, Steve had planned on changing the oil this weekend, so everything I needed was going to be handy.

I took my shirt off and left it in the truck—the only guaranteed clean place in the garage—and got to work collecting the necessary tools.

That was when Melinda said she had to go for a little while. 

“It’s only going to be a couple of hours. I have to meet this guy… he’s setting up my situation in Denver, and if I don’t get some papers signed, it could be a problem. I’ll be back in plenty of time for dinner—I can even pick up the dry cleaning, it’s on the way.”

I nodded, it sounded good to me, and Emma seemed a bit distracted a moment, but then nodded too.

“I hate to miss this,” she said, indicating my situation, “But, such is life. I’ll be back soon.” 

She hopped up on her toes and gave me a quick kiss before leaving the garage and getting in her car.

Well, it may have been partly Melinda’s idea, but Emma wasn’t letting me out of it just because Melinda was gone. So I climbed down onto the creeper, slid under the truck and got to work removing the oil pan plug. 

I probably could have gotten the job done with very little mess, but the girls wanted some motor oil smears and I gave it to them. Well, Emma. A wipe here, a smudge there. I was playing it up. By the time I was done, which was a little later than I had expected, Emma made it very clear she liked what she saw by simply taking in a breath and smiling as she let it out.

Unfortunately, I also had some smudges on my clothes, and I needed to change. 

“Why don’t you clean up when you change?” Emma asked as she reached into her truck to grab my shirt.

“Yeah,” I nodded. “I could do that.”

“I’m going to try to fix that drain in the shower you and Melinda are using, so why don’t you use mine?”

“Your shower?” I asked. “Are you sure?”

“Uh huh,” she told me. “It’s nice. Good water stream.”

“Really?” I asked, giving her a half smile. “Okay, you sold me. Just don’t let Steve walk in on me, okay?” I laughed.

She smiled and told me not to worry, that he wouldn’t be home anytime soon.

I went upstairs, grabbed some replacement clothes from my bag, and headed to her bedroom. I guess she figured I’d find my way around, and I did. The shower wasn’t exactly what I expected, though it should have been, I suppose. It was a master bathroom, and the shower had two sides that were nothing but clear glass. I turned on the hot water, and got the shower going. I watched as the steam began to collect and the glass started to fog. I grabbed the towel off the rack by the door, slid the door shut, and threw the towel over the side of the shower.

A moment later I was under the hot water, and boy did it feel good. I didn’t realize just how dirty I’d gotten. Grabbing the soap, I started to clean up when I heard a knock on the door.

I turned to look, but I couldn’t see much through the glass, though I saw over the shower door that the bathroom door was open. 

“Yeah?” I asked, a little alarmed. 

“Sorry, Jack,” I heard Emma say from the doorway. “I was throwing out the used oil filter and I lost my grip—I got it all over me.”

“Is it hot? Have you washed it off yet?” I asked, a little concerned, and a little surprised to be hearing her voice while I stood naked in the shower.

I watched her silhouette get closer to the shower door

“It’s not too hot, but I came up to wash it off.”

The door opened, and I caught a glimpse of bare arm, and bare leg, and my eyes must’ve been the size of saucers.

“What are you doing?” I asked her.”

“I’m getting in to wash off,” she told me, almost matter-of-factly. 

She was gorgeous, God she was gorgeous. She stepped in and I felt my stomach tumble. I had known Emma for so long, had flirted with her for so long, had played with her for so long, that now it was almost as if three years of teasing had just suddenly come to an end. 

“It’s just me, Jack,” she said, quietly as she closed the door behind her. She turned back to me. “We’ve been friends a long time, and we’ve done a lot of things together.”

She put her hands under the shower, and started washing the water up her arms. 

“We’ve played around before, and we’ve always played by the rules, we can do that again.”

“Rules?” I wasn’t completely under the water anymore, and I probably would’ve been getting cold if I wasn’t so surprised.

“Sure,” she said. “We’re just going to take a shower together, just going to clean up, that’s all.”

“I don’t know if we should do this.”

She glanced down at my waist, and said, “Part of you seems more than willing to let me stay.”

“Don’t let him speak for me, he’s had a long day and he’s not thinking properly. What if Steve comes back?” 

“He won’t.”

“Melinda?”

“Same.”

“I don’t know….” I admitted.

“C’mon,” she said, stepping further into the water, letting it rivulet down her chest. Her beautiful, sexy chest. “I’ll help you wash up, and you help me.”

“You want me to soap you up?” I asked, incredulously.

“Yes,” she said, turning a shoulder under the water, and bringing her chin up to me. 

Looking at her body, peach skin and such alluring curves, I was starting to think it might be okay to do what she wanted. But I still hesitated.

“Jack, I’ve wanted to do this for a long time, please, c’mon, play along….” She cooed quietly and took the soap off its little shelf, getting close to me and beginning to rub it against my chest. At that point, she had me. I was so close to her, smelling her and feeling her, and with her words too, I had no chance. 

“Okay,” I said, quietly.

“Yay,” she said playfully. “It’s settled then. We both want me in here with you, and we’re just going to wash up… I’m going to touch you a little, and if you’re comfortable, maybe you’ll touch me a little, but that’s it, we’re just cleaning up.”

Maybe I had a sudden look of disappointment on my face, or maybe she had planned to say it from the start, but then she leaned in close to me, brushing my completely erect cock with her stomach, and in a low voice said, "And if we can be good the whole time, maybe I’ll help you do something about the pressure you must be building up down there.” 

I didn’t know what to say, so I just watched her as she took a step back from me and rubbed the soap on her stomach. Her step back took her directly under the shower, and she began to rub soapy circles around her breasts. She was right, I was certainly building pressure all right. 

She then reached out and pulled me closer to her, the shower spray off her shoulders hitting me in the chin. 

“Let me wash your back,” she said, and reached around me with both arms. She swept the soap up and down my back, lightly touching my chest with her soapy nipples. My cock strained to touch her, but only got the lightest of brushes. It was nearly torture. 
