 They had never met before, but both were drawn to each other sitting there in that coffee shop. A few glances and smiles were exchanged before he got up and walked over to her table. She put down the book she had been reading and glanced up at him. 

"Hi." 

"Hi," she said, waiting for him to go on.

"I know this will sound stupid, but I couldn't help but notice you sitting here. I must confess that I had to come over to talk to you."

"Oh?" she asked arching a sculpted brow.

He laughed nervously and ran a hand through his cropped light brown hair that was beginning to be speckled with gray. "Um, yeah actually. So can I ask you a question?"

She regarded him silently before answering.

"Yes."

"What is your name?" He asked. 

She was taken by surprise. Usually when a man came up to her he asked for her phone number or a date. This one acted like a normal human being, a nice change.

She smiled at him and said, "My name is Veronica; and yours?"

"Todd. Todd McBride. Nice to meet you Veronica." He said with a smile. "You like to read?" he asked referring to the book she had placed on the table when he walked up.

"Yes, I love to read. Do you?"

He gave Veronica a dazzling smile, "Very much so."

He glanced down at the table and saw an uneaten cannoli on a small plate that she had ordered along with her coffee.

"Those are great aren't they?" He nodded his head in the direction of the plate.

"Oh, the one's made here are to die for. You should try one sometime," she replied.

Todd filed this away; it meant she came here often.

"I have. I come here sometimes to sit and read a book or the paper. It gets me out of the house and able to enjoy some time away from everything else."

Veronica nodded, "I know what you mean."

They both chatted some more, talking about the books that they had read or planned to read. The conversation eventually turned to relationships and Veronica divulged to Todd that she did have a boyfriend. Todd was single and never divorced, nor did he have a relationship with anybody at the moment. Despite knowing that she had a boyfriend he nevertheless gave her his phone number and told her to call him if anything ever changed or she just wanted to go get coffee.

"Thanks for the chat Veronica," Todd said while standing up, "I enjoyed myself. I hope you did too."

"I certainly did. I hope we will see each other again sometime."

"Me too. I come here every so often, so we may run into each other," Todd said.

They both left the café, waving to each other as each walked in a separate direction.

Veronica walked into her apartment, placed her book and purse on the table by the door and walked to the phone. She sat down while she dialed her voicemail number and heard that there were 2 messages. "Hey babe, it's me," her boyfriend James said in the message, "give me a call when you get in."

The next message was from her friend Amy who said that she wouldn't be able to make the lunch date the next day because her brother needed her to help him pick up a car from the auto shop. Veronica hung up the phone feeling a little disappointed that Amy cancelled on her. She dialed her boyfriend's number. He picked up on the 2nd ring.

"Hello."

"Hey Jimmy, it's me."

"Hey babe. What's going on? Where have you been?" He asked.

Veronica mentally sighed. Jimmy was always so into her business, always wanting to know who and what and where. They had been dating for about 9 months and his insistence that she tell him everything she did everyday was starting to wear on her nerves. 

"I went out to get coffee and something to eat. Why? What's going on?" she asked in an irritated tone.

"Come over." He demanded.

"Jimmy, I've got stuff to do. I have to finish this project I've got going on for work," she said referring to her home-based interior design business.

"That can wait. I want you to come over. We haven't been together all week."

Veronica was starting to get annoyed. She couldn't just drop everything to go over to Jimmy's house. She knew what he wanted; it was what every guy wanted in the end. She wasn't even all that excited about it either, Jimmy was just in it for himself and rarely if ever tried to please her and fulfill her desires in bed. Veronica was a sensual person and needed foreplay and romance. Jimmy was a "wham, bam, thank you ma'am" type of guy. 

"You know Jimmy," Veronica began, "I'm not going to drop everything because you want me to come over. I have a job; I have my own things to do. Just because I work from home doesn't mean that I don't work."

"I didn't say you didn't work. I just want you to come over."

This went on for a few more minutes before Veronica gave up and said her goodbyes. Jimmy wasn't pleased about that, but Veronica was at the point that she didn't really care. She had been trying to get Jimmy to understand her and what she was about, but he was convinced that she didn't know what she was talking about. Veronica went to put the phone on the charger and went into her studio to work.

Veronica woke up the next morning glad that she put in the extra hours last night to finish the project she had been working on. It gave her a few days off to do what she wanted. She didn't need to show her client the finished product until the end of the week and today was only Tuesday. She jumped in the shower, washed her shoulder length blonde hair and toweled off her body. To her, her body was something that she covered up everyday, but to anyone else she was worth a second glance. She was 5'5" and weighed 135 pounds. She ran a couple days a week when she could and tried to keep somewhat fit, but her body type tended towards slim anyways. Her breasts were ample and gave her a slightly top-heavy look but she was happy with them. Her legs were muscular from running and she looked great in heels, which she wore often.

After showering she headed off to the coffee shop, a daily routine. She half hoped that she would meet up with Todd again, but wasn't counting on it. So it was much to her surprise when she walked in the door and there he was, sitting at the table she regularly frequented. She walked over to him with a smile on her face.

"Hey stranger. What are you doing here?"

Todd saw her walking towards him and gave her a sweet smile in return, "Trying to catch up with you of course."

Veronica was flattered that he took the time to search for her. He pulled out a seat for her and offered to go get her coffee and breakfast. She was surprised; she didn't often get treated so nicely. She sat at the table and waited. Todd came back laden with her coffee and food.

"Thanks! How much do I owe you?" 

"My treat. You don't owe me anything except perhaps one of your gorgeous smiles," he said.

A smile came to her lips and she blushed.

"Ah, there it is, that's what I wanted." He sat down and smiled back at her. He looked handsome today and gave off a scent of clean and healthy maleness. Veronica's nostrils flared as she breathed in the scent of him mixed with the tantalizing scent of freshly made coffee. Todd looked into her eyes and she realized that they were a striking green. She felt swept up into his gaze, pulled and drawn like a moth to flame.

They both had their hands on the table toying with their coffee cups as they took sips of the hot brew. They fell into an easy conversation, talking like they had known each other for years. They sat there for two hours drinking coffee, laughing and talking. At one point Todd brushed against Veronica's hand on the table. She paused and closed her eyes, remembering the touch, the electric feeling that it left.

"Are you ok?" Todd asked.

"Fine, fine. It's just...,"she couldn't finish. She sat there in silence for a few heartbeats knowing that she had to continue.

"Are you doing anything this evening?" Veronica asked. She was slightly shocked at herself for asking him that. She wasn't usually one to be so forward, but something about him made her feel so open and free. It didn't seem odd that she did ask him that, just that she normally wouldn't.

"Well, I've got to meet for an appointment this afternoon but anytime after 8:00 I'm free," he said.

"Ah..." Veronica was at a loss for words. She didn't know what she wanted from him or what she was feeling, but she knew that she couldn't just leave this afternoon and not see him again. Her heart was beating faster and faster in her chest and she was almost sure that he would be able to hear it sitting so close to her.

Todd smiled at her and laid both his hands on one of hers. "I'd be thrilled if you would meet with me tonight," he licked his lips and the sight of his tongue flicking across his lips was enough to send a shiver down Veronica's spine. "How about we meet at my house? I make a mean chicken stir-fry with peanut sauce that will knock...your socks off." He left the offer of both the meal and the one left unsaid up in the air. It was now Veronica's choice to make.

She stared down at his hands on hers, so warm they were. She imagined those hands running up her body, so warm and gentle. Her breath hitched in her chest.

"I-I'll be there." He gave her his address.

She smiled at him, a bit more composed now that his hands were no longer resting on hers and repeated, "I'll be there".

Veronica got out of her car and walked up to the front door. The house was in a modest neighborhood and looked to be well kept. Taking a deep breath she rang the doorbell and waited. It took a few minutes for Todd to answer but when he did she knew it was worth all the anticipation she had felt. Todd was wearing a dark gray pair of slacks and a black button up shirt, cuffed at the wrists. He smiled as he walked her in and closed the door.

"I'm glad you showed up. You look absolutely stunning," he said regarding her. Veronica was dressed in a simple and elegant black skirt the flared out at the bottom and a sexy red blouse with a plunging neckline. She had piled her hair on the top of her head in a loose sweep that was held with a clip. She had on two inch black heels that just made her legs look even sexier than they normally did.

"Come on into the kitchen, I'll get you a drink and then take you on a tour of the house."

They walked into the kitchen and Veronica saw the chicken simmering in a light sauce on the stove giving off a wonderful aroma. There was a small table in the corner of the room set for two. Veronica placed her purse on the counter and accepted a glass of wine from Todd.

He took her on a quick tour of the house without showing her the bedroom. Veronica was thankful that he didn't; she was nervous as it was and such an obvious ploy could have turned the whole mood. But Todd, as she was finding out, was a gentleman. They adjourned to the back yard to sit under the stars and sip their wine with Todd leaving occasionally to check on the dinner. The wine had started to have its effects and she was soon more relaxed and talking animatedly with Todd about her job. He revealed that he was a buyer of imported rugs for a company that sold to local stores and national chains; from what he told her about it, it was a very lucrative career. He was paid well.

Eventually dinner was ready and they went back inside to eat. The meal was as delicious as Todd claimed and she complimented him on it repeatedly.

"I'm not much of a cook," Veronica stated, "I usually eat out or buy frozen stuff. This is incredible though." 

"I'm glad you like it. There is dessert too if you'd like. Simple, but sweet; like you." 

Veronica smiled and looked at him under her lashes. She was getting used to the compliments Todd rained upon her, but it still flattered her to no end to hear them. 

"You're pretty sweet yourself," she said, "I'm not used to all these compliments. They flow like honey off your tongue."

"Am I making you uncomfortable?"

"No, not at all. Not anymore at least."

Todd captured her eyes with his, "Veronica, you are beautiful. How can I not compliment such a gorgeous woman? They just come out of me, unbidden."

The dinner was soon forgotten and Todd led her into the living room. Veronica sat down on a plush couch and leaned into the pillows behind her. Todd stepped to the entertainment unit and soon soft music was emitting from hidden speakers in the ceiling. 

Todd turned and said, "I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable."

Veronica took off her shoes and tucked her feet underneath her on the couch. She held her drink in one hand and the other rested lightly on the arm of the couch. Todd came back with a bottle of wine that he put on the coffee table after refilling her glass. He sat down on the couch with his body turned towards her. "So, did you enjoy dinner?"

"Very much. I've enjoyed this whole night. The food was delicious and the company was great. You really are a nice guy Todd." She paused and took a sip of her wine, "When I first met you I thought you were another guy trying to pick me up, but you are different."

"So are you Veronica." 

He plucked her glass out of her hand and placed it on the table along with his own. Turning to face her again he tucked away a loose strand of her hair behind an ear. He ran a finger down her face to her chin and lowered his mouth to hers.

The kiss was soft and warm and sent a coursing shock through Veronica's body, down to the tips of her toes. Todd cupped his hands around her face and withdrew to look at her. Veronica's lips were slightly parted and her eyes were still closed. He moved in again placing soft kisses upon her lips, parting them with his own. His tongue slipped into her mouth, grazing hers and withdrawing. She took the initiative and explored his mouth with her tongue, probing and teasing. Their kissing grew more passionate with each one a little bit more intense than the last. 

Veronica felt like she was melting into the couch, into his kisses, into his arms. They were a tangle of limbs on the couch. Todd moved his hot mouth to the crook of her neck and ran his lips over her skin, nipping lightly with his teeth, tasting her. He moved to the base of her throat and kissed up to her ear, breathing in her scent and teasing her with his mouth.

He pulled away and she gazed at him with desire in her eyes. She moved in closer and swung her feet onto the floor. Todd pulled her to him and sat her on his lap. Placing his hands on her waist he ran them up her sides. Veronica was almost panting wondering how he could know what she fantasized about when he first touched her with those hands. He lifted her arms and placed them around his neck, behind her head. He slowly ran his fingertips down her arms, down her sides and back to her waist. He nuzzled into her neck again, inhaling her scent as his hands crept under her blouse. He caressed her stomach; causing her to shiver the lower he went. His hands moved back up grazing over her breasts, over her bra and back down. 

Veronica lowered her arms and turned around to face Todd. She kissed him deeply while her fingers deftly unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt. She slipped her hands under his shirt and towards his back. She lightly gripped onto his shoulders, kneading them and leaning them both towards the side of the couch and into the pillows. She sat up and unbuttoned the rest of his shirt until she reached his belt where the rest of the shirt was tucked in. Her hands lightly touched the hairs on his stomach and followed up to his chest, teasing and lightly tickling as she went. Placing her leg on his other side she straddled him. Veronica lowered herself towards Todd and kissed the side of his neck, breathing into his ear. 

Veronica whispered into his ear, "Take me to your bedroom. You're getting me so hot I can't stand it."

Todd picked her up in his arms and carried her to his bedroom. He switched on the lights with an elbow and placed Veronica gently on the large, soft bed. He stood over her looking down at her while she took deep breaths and slightly shook. Todd sat down on the bed and took one of her shaking hands.

"Sweetness, there is no need to be nervous. I won't hurt you."

"Todd..." she whispered. 

"Let me please you." he said.

She took one last deep breath and tried to calm herself. She was over-excited and close to the brink already. Todd turned on every button she had and did it expertly, like he already knew her body.

Todd beckoned for her to stand up, so she did. Standing he embraced her and kissed her neck, her throat, her chest. He undid the clip holding her hair, letting it cascade over her shoulders. He placed his hands on her arms and let them slide down and towards her heaving breasts. Gasping, Veronica's eyes closed reveling in the touch of his hands on her breasts, rubbing his fingers over her nipples. He grasped the bottom of her blouse and pulled it over her head, with her help. Her full and creamy breasts broke free and jiggled back down from the hold the shirt had on them as Todd lifted it. Throwing the shirt on the floor he knelt slightly to kiss the parts that beckoned him. Todd placed light kisses on the tops of Veronica's breasts and moved down to her nipples that stood out prominently through her bra. He nipped one with his lips and Veronica's legs almost buckled, her head thrown back. Todd stood back up and reached around to unhook her bra. It fell to the ground.

"Beautiful," he breathed. He tentatively reached out to cup her right breast and lowered his mouth to her erect nipple. His mouth was hot and wet and he ran his tongue over her nipple a few times before sucking on it and making Veronica cry out. His other hand went to the left breast and lavished attention on it before switching his mouth to that one as well. 

Todd went lower and started to pull down Veronica's skirt that revealed a sexy black lace thong covering her mound and separating her smooth cheeks. His hands grasped her butt, kneading it as he lowered his head to nuzzle her crotch through the panties. Veronica swayed forward when he came in contact with her body and almost staggered while she cried out "Oh god!" She took a step back and looked down at Todd, her eyes lidded and her breath coming in gasps. He knew that she would orgasm within minutes if he kept up what he was doing. 

Veronica slowly stepped towards Todd and pulled on his arms to lift him up. He stood and she glanced down at the protruding bulge in his pants. She smiled, more to herself than anything else and finished the task she had started in the living room by taking off his shirt. She stepped to him and laid her head on his chest, hearing his heartbeat and inhaling the scent that was so male that she had smelled back in the coffee shop when they first met.

She raised her head and said, "Don't stop me ok?"

Todd nodded his head.

Veronica ran her hands up his back, feeling the smoothness of his skin and the light sheen of sweat that now covered his body. Her hands strayed to his butt and she gave a short squeeze before moving those hands into the front. She slowly unbuckled his belt and pulled it through the belt loops, tossing it on the floor as he had done with her garments. Then she knelt and removed each shoe, her naked back towards him and her breasts brushing her knees. She came up and hooked her fingers into the waist of his pants and unbuttoned them. As the button came open she ever so slowly unzipped his pants revealing a pair of dark blue boxer briefs. She let the pants drop and gave a tug at his briefs beginning to slide them over his hips.

Once she got to the point where they wouldn't go any further without additional help she slipped her hands inside his underwear and grasped his engorged penis. Moving it out of the way she pushed the briefs down and they too slid to the floor. She released him so he could step out of his clothes. 
