 This is a work of fiction. A little slow at first to set it up but it gets better, much better as it goes along. Let me know what you think and I will tell you more of my stay in England with my Sister’s Son’s Wife.

*****

I am 50 and widowed and having just retired, decided to travel the world. I called my sister and told her of my plans to visit England and Germany. She told me Mark, her oldest son, and his wife were stationed in Germany and I should let them know I was coming and would have a place to stay. I had not seen Mark in over 12 years and have never met his wife. I thought it might be nice to catch up while I was there, so I took her advice and called him. He loved the idea and said his wife would love the company. I told them of my dates of travel and it was all set.

My trip to England was nice and I enjoyed it but looked forward to Germany. I called him the day I left Waterloo station in London on the Euro Star and told him when I would arrive in Frankfurt. I told him what I looked like, as it had been a while, and he said he could not miss me. 6’ 5”, Peppered Dark Brown Hair and 200 pounds. He laughed and said I would not be hard to find. The train ride was enjoyable and I soon arrived. As I steeped off the train, I saw Mark waiting and waving at me a huge smile on his face. We threw my bag in his car and we were off. We chatted about family on the way to his house and I told him I was happy he was doing so well in the Army and in his marriage. He also told me he had two days to spend with me, and then he was going into the field for two weeks. He was glad I would be there as it was hard on Stephanie when he had to deploy. 

Arriving at his house, I was not prepared for the lovely 25 year old Stephanie. She was 5’7’ tall, lovely blonde hair and deep inviting blue eyes. She was wearing jeans and a pull over that did little to conceal her lovely 36B breasts and tight shapely ass. Mark carried my bags in and introduced me. Steph smiled and said welcome to our home Uncle John. I pulled her close to me and gave her a hug. “In our family we love hugs upon our welcome,” I told her as I hugged her and kissed the top of her head. She hugged me back and then said, “Lets get your things into your room, I know you are going to love your stay here.”

I unpacked and then joined them in the living room. Sitting next to Mark, Steph got us drinks and we chatted for almost two hours nonstop. We talked of family and my trip so far and about their life in Germany. Mark seemed to love it more than Steph did, but she enjoyed seeing the country, but not Mark’s frequent deployments. It seemed to be a sore subject between the two, but Mark then asked how long I was staying. I said a few days and looked at Steph, she seemed to be a little down by my statement, but said she would do her best to make my stay enjoyable and I could swear I say a twinkle in her deep blue eyes. 

It was late so we all went to bed, a little after I lay down I could hear them making love. Steph was vocal and over and over I heard her moan and say, “Right there Mark, Oh God fuck me hard Mark.” I had a raging hard on and toyed with myself as it got quiet. I could image Mark fucking her sweet tight pussy and making her cum hard then her sucking his cock clean. I fell asleep and woke up with a hard on. I put on my robe and walked to the bathroom, my robe did little to hide my stiff cock. Steph came out of her bedroom as I was walking towards the bathroom, wearing a short nightie that showed off her lovely body and legs. She looked at me and then down to the tent in my robe. She smiled then went back into her room, I caught a glimpse of her tight ass as she turned and closed the door.

In the bathroom I relieved my hard cock and came all over in the shower. Leaving I heard them in the kitchen. I dressed and joined them. Mark was dressed and Steph had on a pair of tight shorts and pull over, her nipples poked through the top and made my cock stir in my pants. After breakfast we toured Frankfurt. Steph would take my arm as we walked and press her tits into my arm. I knew I would have to have her before I left. At one time when Mark was getting us something to eat, Steph whispered in my ear that she hoped Mark and her did not keep me up last night. I said I slept like a baby and did not hear a thing. She smiled as Mark returned with our food. Steph licked her lips and then smiled at me as she ate her lunch. The rest of the day was fun and Steph took every opportunity to get close to me as we walked and talked. 

The next two days went by with more flirting from Steph. She would sit next to me in the evening and put her head on my shoulder and cuddle, saying how much she loved my visit and being there. Mark enjoyed the company as well and the night before he went to the field; we went out to his local pub. As we sipped our pints, he told me how much Steph was enjoying my company and he hoped I would stay for a while after he deployed. “Steph would enjoy it so much,” he said, then added, “and taking care of her while he was gone.” I left that statement hang and then smiled at him and said, “It would be my pleasure to stay a while longer. Steph is a wonderful girl and you to are so happy together.” Mark said he had to leave early in the morning, so after another pint, so after another pint we returned home.

When we entered, Steph was dressed for bed and wearing a robe, which did little to cover her lovely body. She smiled as Mark said, “Off to bed.” Steph waited for Mark to walk down the hall and then kissed me lightly on the lips and said, “I better follow and give him something to remember when he is sleeping in the field.” She winked and went down the hall, sway her ass back and forth in the short robe. I immediately became hard and knew I would be hearing her moans shortly.

I went to my room and got into bed. A short time later, I went to the bathroom and listened at their door. Mark said, “Damn Steph, you are hot tonight. Suck my cock baby.” I could almost hear her sucking his cock as he moaned and groaned. I returned to my room and took my cock in my hand as listened to her moan and groaning as I assumed Mark was fucking her sweet young pussy over and over. I fell asleep a little while later and did not wake until the sun was high in the sky.

I put on my robe and walked into the living room and head Steph in the kitchen. “Did Mark get off this morning?” I asked as I entered the kitchen. Steph was dressed in her short robe and cleaning the table. She looked over her shoulder and said, “Yes her got off fine.” She leaned over the table to wipe it and her robe road up over her ass. She was naked under the robe and I inhaled slightly as the sight of her lovely ass and shaved pussy. I walked up behind her as she stood and moved my hand into her long blonde hair. Tilting her head up to look at me, she smiled and said, “I am glad you decided to stay a while.”

I pushed her down onto the table, face first and let my hand rub over her ass, before allowing my fingers to move between her legs and opening her pussy lips. She moaned and pushed back onto my fingers as I rubber her clit back and forth. “Oh god yes,” she said as I played with her wet pussy and hard clit. I took my cock in my hand and rubbed it up and down her pussy lips before I pushed it deep into her. “Fuck me, Fuck me hard,” she moaned. I pulled her head back as I fucked her hot pussy deep and hard, pushing her into the table with each thrust. I took her robe in my hand and pulled it from her leaving her naked over the table with my cock buried in her pussy, constantly pounding her harder and deep. My hands moved under her body and I took her hard nipples in my fingers, rolling them and pinching them. As I pinched her nipples she moaned and started to cum all over my hard cock. 

She panted as she came and she came over and over. I did not slow my assault on her pussy as she came hard, pushing back onto my cock, meeting each thrust. I knew I would not last long and fucked her faster as I felt my balls tighten. Pushing deep in one last time I began to shoot deep in Steph's tight pussy. I pinched her nipples again as I filled her pussy with my cum, then leaned over her and kissed her neck. I stood and pulled her against me, looking down I saw her hard nipples as her beasts heaved up and down. She looked up at me and I leaned down and kissed her, letting my tongue move into her mouth. She sucked it as I kissed her. My hand went back into her hair and I turned her to face me, she looked into my eyes and I knew, at that moment, that she would do anything for me.

I pushed down and she fell immediately to her knees. She looked up into my eyes, her blue eyes filled with lush as I pulled her to my glistening cock. She knew what I wanted and opened her mouth to suck my cock. She sucked my semi soft cock between her lips and moaned. I moved both my hands to her head and as my cock hardened in her mouth. “Suck my cock, Steph, show me what you can do with that lovely cocksucking mouth of yours.” I guess the words turned her on, as she started to suck my cock hard and deep. I grew hard in no time and started to fuck her face. Pulling it forward with my hands as I shoved my hips forward and my cock deep into her mouth. I groaned and fucked her face; my balls were slapping her chin as she swallowed my cock deep into her throat. 

She sucked my cock like she was born to it. “Get ready Steph, I am going to shoot my cream deep into your mouth. She sucked harder as I groaned and started to fill her mouth with my cream. She swallowed, as I shot my cum into her mouth and throat. Sucking my cock dry and not letting it slip from her mouth until she was satisfied I had no more to give. My soft cock slide past her lips and she looked up into my eyes. She smiled and said, “You can stay and have me as long as you want.” Two weeks until Mark returns, I was not sure my cock would survive it, but I was going to make one hell of a try.

If you want to hear more of my lovely Niece in laws sexual exploits, let me know.