 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.


Note: If you haven't read it already, Viva Las Vegas – Part 1 is the prequel to this story.

People who have been there know that Las Vegas is a magical place. Often it is attributed to the atmosphere, the sounds and bright lights and the adrenaline rush from gambling but I truly believe that there is actual "magic" in the air of this desert city. I think there is something supernatural which makes people do things they normally wouldn't. Sometimes these things are good, sometimes they aren't. I recently found myself in Las Vegas on business and was fortunate enough to have a couple of memorable experiences which I attribute to the local "good magic."

On my second trip to Vegas, the week following the first, I was accompanied by Jen rather than Laura. They were at about the same level in the company and would both be working on the project so it was important that they both be exposed to the people we'd be working for. I didn't know Jen as well as I knew Laura and I certainly didn't expect anything to happen between us going into the trip. I was still somewhat shell-shocked from my week with Laura and vacillated between reliving different parts of the experience in my head and trying to figure out when I could get some more. Sitting side-by-side on the flight, I was surprised by how quickly Jen opened up to me. We started out just making small talk about the project and work in general, but that led to work history and education and soon we delved into more personal subjects. I know it sounds pretty cliché but she had just in the past year ended a 5 year relationship, which had been pretty complicated. I couldn't imagine the stress of dividing up 5 years worth of accumulated possessions, including a house, as well as trying to reestablish yourself as a person rather than one half of a couple. It sounded more or less like a divorce. She seemed to be finding relief in getting it all off her chest, though, so I did my best to lend a sympathetic ear. The overall impression I got was that, despite the hassle of dividing everything up, she was glad the relationship was over but was concerned about how to adjust to living without things she was accustomed to taking for granted, i.e. someone always there to eat with, to talk to, to go out with, to have sex with. She said the last part so matter-of-factly that I didn't think she was dropping any hints, though it did pass through my mind that if I could do it tactfully, I'd certainly volunteer my services.

As far as physical appearance, Jen and Laura are not very similar. Laura is brunette, Jen has dark blonde hair. Laura is almost my height, Jen is several inches shorter. Laura is also "big boned" while Jen is almost scrawny. That's not to say that Laura is fat; she's tall and broad shouldered making her look bigger. Jen on the other hand has skinny arms, a small waist and thin legs. Her ass is nice and cushy looking, but other than that you'd think she might blow away.

We arrived in Vegas and went about our business. Jen did pull me aside at one point during the day and apologized for boring me with her relationship problems. I told her she absolutely did not owe me an apology and that it seemed very therapeutic for her, so I thought it was a good thing. I also told her if there was anything else I could do, not to hesitate to ask me. She thanked me and I got the impression that she appreciated the offer.

We plodded through a day of mind-numbing meetings, during which my mind often wandered back to the previous week's activities with Laura. When quitting time finally came, we headed over to our hotel to check in. Our rooms were across the hall from each other and we decided to take a few minutes to get settled before heading downstairs to eat at the hotel restaurant. From there we could decide what to do with the rest of the evening. Laura and I had spent basically all of our free time the previous week naked in one of our hotel rooms, so I didn't really have any idea what to suggest Jen and I do this week. Well, I had an idea, but I didn't expect it to be well received. What to do didn't even come up until we'd paid the check and were leaving the restaurant. I asked Jen if there was anything in particular that she wanted to do and hoped she wouldn't ask how Laura and I had spent last week.

"Earlier you said if there was anything else you could do for me that I shouldn't hesitate to ask," she reminded me.

"Yes, that's true," I agreed. It sounded like she wanted to talk some more, which was fine with me. In fact, I was flattered.

"Do you remember how I said I was still adjusting to no longer having the things I'd taken for granted?"

"Yes." I said. I started to wonder where this was going.

"I've got girlfriends who I can talk to and go out with and eat dinner with but, well..." she hesitated before continuing. "I haven't had sex in eight months," she confessed with a serious tone.

"Ouch," I replied.

"Yeah," she said, "but that's where you come in." She raised her eyebrows and looked at me hopefully. I just looked back for a few seconds, stunned as what was happening sunk in.

"So, if I'm reading you correctly, you're suggesting that I would be doing you a huge favor if I would just go up to your room right now and have sex with you?" I inquired.

"A huge favor," she stressed. "What do you say?" We had reached the elevator and were waiting for it to appear.

"I say 'Where's the damn elevator? Let's go!'" I said in a mock frantic voice. She smiled and, standing on her toes, took my face in her hands and kissed me. Placing my hand on the back of her head, I returned the kiss. A "ding" let us know the elevator had arrived and once it had cleared out, we entered. The doors closed and we moved toward each other again. Her arms went around my neck and my hands landed on her hips as our lips met and quickly opened allowing our tongues to probe. My hands soon moved from her hips down to grip her ass and pull her against the hardness of my crotch. Neither of us had changed clothes after work, so she was still wearing a short skirt and I still wore Dockers. My hands found their way up under her skirt where they felt the smooth fabric of the panties that hugged her ass. As we continued to make out and travel vertically, we both appeared to be struck by the same idea at the same time. Just as I moved a hand around to the front of her panties, I felt one of her hands cup the hardness in my pants. Unfortunately, at that exact moment the elevator slowed to a stop on our floor. Before we tore ourselves apart, my brain registered something out of the ordinary and we were halfway down the hall before I realized what it was. For the brief instant I'd touched the front of Jen's panties, in addition to being incredibly damp, it felt as smooth as the material against her ass. I had a good feeling about why that was and I knew I was about to find out for sure.

Luckily no one was in the hallway because I was pitching a tent in my pants and I'd bet the color was high in both of our faces. We hustled down the hall and into Jen's room and at the foot of her bed we embraced again and made out as our hands roamed each other's bodies. She went back to rubbing my bulge and my hands were under her skirt massaging her ass again. Wanting to find out if my suspicions were accurate, I broke off our kiss and dropped to my knees telling Jen I was going to take care of her. My hands were still under her skirt and moved to the sides of her panties so I could pull them down. I tossed them aside once she'd stepped out of them then raised the hem of her skirt. I was more than pleased to see that I was right - her pussy was shaved completely smooth.

I leaned in and lapped at her hairless pussy, tasting her pungent secretions and causing her to let out a happy sounding moan. I was limited in what I could accomplish in this position so I backed Jen up and had her sit on the edge of the bed. She laid back and I flipped her skirt up around her waist. I ran my hands over the hairless area between her legs and it felt so soft and smooth that I figured she must have shaved it right before dinner, which meant she'd had this planned at least since then. Touching her pussy I could feel how incredibly wet she was so I moved in and started licking up her juices, savoring the taste. This seemed to please her as she let out another moan and dropped her hands onto my head, running her fingers through my hair. At first, I was trying to scoop up all of fluid with my tongue, but she was flowing like a fountain and I couldn't keep up. I decided instead to work on her clit and slip a finger in and out of her slippery hole. I started sucking her clit and gently flicking it with my tongue while my free hand roamed the soft, bare flesh around her pussy. After eight months, I didn't expect it to take very long for Jen to cum and I was right. It was just minutes from the time my tongue first made contact, that the frequency and pitch of Jen's moans were both increasing and she started thrusting her pelvis toward me. I continued on my course as the short high moans changed to one long one then stopped altogether as she went limp on the bed.

I laid off her clit but licked around the outside of her pussy, still completely enamoured by it and enjoying her juices. I straightened up so I was kneeling before her at the foot of the bed. She was still lying back recovering, eyes closed and arms out, so I took the opportunity to undo my pants and push them down to my knees along with my briefs. She opened her eyes and sat up as I teased her opening with the head of my erect cock. She threw her arms around my neck and we began to make out as I worked my cock into her tight but very slick pussy. As I pushed all the way in, she moaned against my mouth then wrapped her legs around me. I picked her up and stood, my pants dropping to my ankles but my briefs hanging around my knees. Somewhat awkwardly, I got onto the bed on my knees and crawled about halfway up, still buried deep in Jen's sweet pussy. I lowered her onto her back and lay on top of her, leaning down to kiss her as I slowly withdrew my tool almost all of the way. I started fucking her, moving in and out at a moderate pace and not expecting to be able to hold out very long. Jen's pussy felt amazing - tight and slippery - and the only thing that kept me from spewing right away was the awkwardness of still having my briefs around my knees and my pants around my ankles. That's not to say I wasn't experiencing immense pleasure, I just wasn't moving as gracefully as I could have been. It helped my staying power, though, so I was able to fuck Jen longer than I normally would have given my highly excited state. She kept her arms and legs wrapped around me and was pushing her pussy toward me to meet my thrusts. She was moaning continuously as we made out but I didn't think I'd be able to get her to another orgasm. Her fabulous pussy finally overcame my minor distractions and, as my cock swelled, the pleasurable feeling that had been building within me finally focused and I shot my load deep into her.

She dropped her feet to the bed but kept her arms around my neck as I collapsed on top of her. After a few minutes of recovery time, I rolled off of her and sat up to take my shoes off. They were followed by my socks, briefs and pants. Now wearing only a polo shirt, I looked at Jen laying there still in her work clothes but with her skirt pushed up around her waist and my cum running out of her shaved pussy. How erotic! I traced my finger up her inner thigh and around her smooth, fleshy pussy, staring transfixed.

"You look like a kid with a new toy," Jen said, bringing me out of my daze. I smiled sheepishly, and probably blushed, then leaned forward to kiss her, running my finger between her lips and over her clit before my hand moved up to land on her breast as our lips met. I could palm her entire breast and felt the bump of her nipple against my hand. Reaching for her waist with both hands, I grabbed her shirt and pulled it up over her head revealing her sports bra. I ran a hand over her flat stomach before sliding it up and under her bra where it was joined by the other hand, one on each breast. She closed her eyes and sighed as I gently caressed her breasts and my palms passed over her erect nipples. Flipping her bra up, I moved my head down to lick and suck her little nipples then pushed the bra up and over her head. I played with her nipples a bit before rolling her over to unzip the back of her skirt. Grabbing it by the hem, I pulled the short skirt down her legs and off, leaving her face down and naked. I ran my hands up the backs of her legs to her ass and massaged her cheeks then leaned down and planted kisses on each one. I started kissing my way up her back as I slipped a finger between her cheeks and felt the slipperiness of my cum which had collected there. My cum was an ideal lubricant so I applied a little pressure to her anus with my fingertip and it slipped right in. She made a slight noise of surprise and pleasure and jerked slightly, but didn't stop me. Still continuing toward her shoulders with my kisses, I was sliding my finger in almost to the second knuckle and back out again. I knew at this point that either that night or later that week, I'd be pushing my fat cock into her tight little asshole. The thought caused increased blood flow to my prick, which twitched in my lap.

With my finger still pumping in and out of her asshole, I had reached Jen's neck and was planting kisses on it. She rolled slightly away from me and raised her head to look at me then let out a laugh seeing me naked except for my shirt, my growing penis peeking out from beneath it.

"Let's get you out of this," she said, reaching for my shirt. I had to remove my finger in order to raise my arms, then she pulled my shirt over my head. I was flattered when she let out sort of an "ooh" upon seeing my body. I work out just enough to look good with my shirt off but I'm still a far cry from the guys you see on the cover of Men's Health. She pushed me onto my back and started kissing from my lips to my neck and down my chest. Her hand slipped down to grasp my cock, which was by now about half-erect. As she worked her way downward, she stroked my growing cock and gently fondled my balls. By the time she got to my lower abdomen, she had positioned herself between my legs and continued to pump my three-quarters staff cock as she lowered her mouth onto it. Her hot, wet mouth slid up and down my rod as she brought me to full erection in a matter of a few passes. She didn't stop, though, and continued to engulf me as her tongue swirled around me. She paused only to lick my balls and run her tongue up the underside before sucking me back in. Once my prick felt like it was harder than steel, she crawled up my body and, as I grabbed the back of her head to bring her in for a kiss, she was reaching behind herself to guide my tool into her tight, slippery, hot depths. She pushed backwards, impaling herself, and let out a moan.

With her hands on my chest, Jen began to ride me - up and down, back and forth. She positioned herself more upright so I wasn't able to continue kissing her and her boobs were too small for me to suck her nipples without raising myself up considerably, so I just lay back with my hands on her hips and looked up at the various expressions crossing her face. My hands occasionally ran up to play with her nipples or slipped around to grip her ass but mostly I just enjoyed the feeling of Jen's pussy sliding up and down my cock. Her eyelids, half closed, fluttered as her eyes rolled upward and her pace of her breathing increased. I hoped this meant she was close to another orgasm because I could feel one building within me and I didn't want to leave her high and dry. Her quick breathing became more of a moaning or grunting and she was really slamming herself down on me as my orgasm came dangerously close to erupting. Suddenly, she cried out at the same time her pussy felt unbelievably wetter and began convulsing around my cock. A couple more pumps on my behalf and I was emptying my nuts into her as an overwhelming sense of pleasure overtook my entire body. After a blissful eternity, she collapsed on top of me and we stopped moving.

She eventually slid off to my side and lay next to me with her arm draped across my chest. As I looked down her naked form, I couldn't help but be astounded that I was actually lying in a bed in the same hotel a week later, naked with a different one of my coworkers. I never in a million years would have believed, or even imagined, it would happen and I never expected it to happen again no matter who else joined me in Las Vegas on future business trips. Jen and I had an amazing week, rivaled only by the previous week with Laura. We were also considerably more successful at continuing to indulge in each other back at the home office, mainly thanks to Jen's creativity in finding opportunities and locations.

I couldn't help but wonder what would have happened had the three of us been sent to Las Vegas together...