 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.


People who have been there know that Las Vegas is a magical place. Often it is attributed to the atmosphere, the sounds and bright lights and the adrenaline rush from gambling but I truly believe that there is actual "magic" in the air of this desert city. I think there is something supernatural which makes people do things they normally wouldn't. Sometimes these things are good, sometimes they aren't. I recently found myself in Las Vegas on business and was fortunate enough to have a couple of memorable experiences which I attribute to the local "good magic."

The first experience occurred during the first part of my business trip. One of my coworkers, Laura, was also with me that week. Laura and I have known each other for a pretty long time. We worked together at two different companies, have traveled on business together and interacted socially but I don't think there has ever been any flirting between us. That's why it came as such a shock when I felt her hand drop onto my upper thigh under the table during a business dinner with our clients on our first night in town. I looked at her, probably somewhat wide-eyed, and she smiled back and gave my thigh a squeeze. Our clients were never aware anything had passed between us.

Later, back in my hotel room, I was pretty much waiting around for Laura to stop by. She had initiated something and I fully expected her to see it to fruition while we had the opportunity. When I heard the knock on the door, I had no doubt that it was her. I opened the door and stepped aside to let her in.

"What are you doing? Were you going to go to bed?" she asked once she was inside.

"I think we've got some unfinished business to take care of first" I replied, following her in.

"Are you freaked out? Grossed out? Angry?" she asked, turning to look at me, her formerly confident veneer showing some cracks.

"Well," I began, "I started out shocked, but that quickly changed to arousal." I smiled at her and her face broke into a smile of relief. We moved toward each other at the foot of my queen sized hotel bed. Her arms went around my neck and mine went around her waist as our lips met and parted and our tongues intertwined. My hands dropped to squeeze her ass before sliding up under her sweater to feel the warm, smooth flesh of her waist. Meanwhile, one of her hands had found my raging hard on and was caressing it through my slacks. She lowered my zipper and managed to maneuver my cock out of my briefs and through the fly of my slacks and began to slowly pump it in her hand. I was incredibly aroused at this point, but I figured she must be even more so. I slid the zipper of her slacks down also and slipped just two fingers through the opening. I encountered the front of her panties and began to rub my fingers up and down, feeling the coarseness of her pubic hair, the puffiness of her engorged pussy and the dampness her panties had absorbed.

"There's something I need to finish" Laura said, interrupting our make out and heavy petting session. She sat on the end of the bed in front of me and took the head of my cock into her warm mouth. While she ran her tongue over it, she was unbuckling my belt and unbuttoning my pants. She released my throbbing cock and pushed my pants and briefs down to my ankles. I stepped out of them as she grasped the base of my cock and took it entirely into her mouth. Some unknown gut instinct or sixth sense always had me convinced that Laura was a great cocksucker. I was right, she was incredible. She pumped the base for a while as she slid her mouth up and down my shaft, but eventually both hands went around to grasp my ass and she sucked hands-free. My hands were running through her short brown hair as she bobbed up and down, her tongue swirling around on the underside of my cock. My eyes were half-closed as I felt the pleasure building within my balls. My cock seemed to get thicker and harder as my orgasm approached, but Laura kept up her pace even as I exploded deep into her mouth. I let out a loud groan of relief as her lips continued up and down my cock, swallowing down every drop I produced. She finally let my limp cock fall from her mouth and looked up at me, smiling.

Once my head cleared, I reached down for Laura's hands and brought her back to stand with me. I told her it was now her turn as soon as I got her out of her clothes and began to work her sweater up over her head. Her breasts were actually pretty small, but as I ran my hands over the front of her bra, I felt her big nipples straining outward. I released the front clasp and she let her bra slide down her arms and to the floor. I cupped her small breasts and played with her fat nipples as I tilted my head to kiss her neck and nibble her earlobe. I worked my way down to her chest and alternated sucking each of her nipples while slipping a hand down to her waist to unfasten her belt and pants. I slipped my hand into her panties and through her patch of pubic hair down to her clit. Her pussy was slippery with her juices as I stimulated her clit and explored her slit with my finger. I removed my hand from her panties and pushed her pants and panties down to her knees. My hand returned between her legs and two fingers slipped up into her as the heel of my hand rubbed against her clit. Her breathing was getting heavy and she was starting to push her hips against my hand, but I didn't want her to cum this way.

I had her lay on the bed and slide up so her head was on a pillow. I slid her pants and panties the rest of the way off and pushed her legs apart. She looked down at me sort of glassy-eyed as I knelt on the foot of the bed between her spread legs, my formerly limp penis beginning to show signs of life again. I ran my fingers through the brown hair covering her pussy and stroked her clit with my thumb before exploring her with two fingers. I paused to pull my shirt over my head then lay on my stomach between her legs, kissing her inner thighs, her hips and her abdomen. My fingers resumed pumping in and out of her dripping wet pussy as I zeroed in with my mouth. Finally, I attacked her clit with my tongue pulling her lips up and away from it to give myself a clear target. I heard her suck in her breath and let out a moan so I looked up to see her eyes closed, mouth hanging open and her fingers tracing circles around her little areola and fat nipples. I alternated licking and sucking her clit, continuing to pump my fingers and she was soon pushing her hips up toward my face. She was pulling on her nipples now and letting out little moans with each touch of my tongue. Eventually her hands dropped to my head and she forced her pussy against my face while arching her back and stiffening up. I knew she was reaching a climax so I was furiously fingering her pussy and sucking her clit when she groaned loudly and relaxed against the bed, releasing a flood of juices into my waiting mouth. She convulsed a few times as I continued to lap up every drop and when she finally was still, I raised my head.

I crawled up her body until I was able to lay my naked self on top of her. We began to kiss again as our flesh pressed together and my semi-hard cock nestled in her bush. I lavished attention on her neck and earlobes and lowered my head to suck her fat nipples. My cock had raised to about three quarter staff, so I figured as wet as her pussy was, I'd be able to slip it on in at this point. Still lying on top of her, I had no trouble working my cock into her and began to slowly pump it in and out. After just a few minutes of pumping, not only was my cock raging like a steel rod, but Laura had begun to moan softly. I got a good rhythm going, sliding the full length of my cock in and out of Laura as she raised her hips to meet my thrusts. I closed my eyes and let the pleasurable feelings take me where they might, just enjoying where I was and what I was in the middle of. I'm not sure how much time went by when Laura said she wanted to be on top. I slipped out of her and flopped onto my back next to her. She swung her leg over to straddle me and reached behind her to guide my cock back into her hot, slippery pussy, sitting down hard and burying me to the hilt. With a hand on each side of my head, Laura began pushing herself up and down on me, her nipples pointing down at me. I held her hips and leaned up to flick my tongue over her beckoning nipples.

She started riding me pretty hard, eyes-closed and grunting as she did. She was successfully taking me up to the summit with her as a wonderful feeling began to spread through my body before focusing in my balls. Her ass was slapping against my upper thighs and her intermittent grunts had become a low, continuous groan. When her frenzied pace turned to slow-motion and her groan became an "Oh, Yeah" I knew she was reaching a climax. I wasn't far behind and as her pussy began to convulse around my rigid member, I toppled over the edge. I moaned myself as my spunk shot into her steamy pussy.

She resumed riding me and actually rode out another wave of her orgasm before I was too limp to be of any use. She then collapsed on top of me before rolling off to lie beside me.

We didn't get an awful lot of rest that night, or any of the next three either for that matter. We were reveling in our newfound diversion and spent nearly every private moment of the trip pursuing our next orgasms. The dilemma came on the flight home when we tried to figure out our next step. We both had spouses back home and we worked together. If we wanted to continue our activities, we would have to be both discreet and patient. Desire overcame all obstacles and we were able to rendezvous on an infrequent but highly satisfying basis. The magic of Las Vegas lived on!