 Cathy at thirty-four years of age found herself changing jobs. Her new career was in the direct marketing of high-end cosmetics and as a new district manager; the company she worked for had flown her down to Las Vegas for a long weekend conference. After a long day of attending sales meetings, Cathy decided to hit the blackjack tables at the MGM Grand hotel where she also had a room all to herself. Dressed in a conservative but sexy black wrap dress, thick brown hair worn loose around her face, she made a pretty and welcome addition at the table she chose to join. Cathy sat down next to a trim, average looking man in his forties, who was entertaining the entire table with his theory on women visiting Vegas. "Hi, " he said, extending his hand to Cathy. "My name is Joe." Cathy took quick note of the gold band on his left hand. Joe and Cathy exchanged the usual pleasantries as they played hand after hand of blackjack and enjoyed numerous rounds of free cocktails.

"No, seriously, " he said, "I don't know why any man would pay for sex in Vegas. There are thousands of women visiting this town every day, who'd do it for free." Cathy nodded in agreement. She knew well enough that a lot of people took to heart the saying, "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." She herself had even entertained the possibility of picking up a stranger. "I propose that every woman has an inner whore inside of her and Vegas is the place to let loose," he continue, glancing over at Cathy

Joe was eager to get Cathy upstairs. He had enjoyed teasing her all evening and felt she would be game for anything. He felt they had chemistry, so he smiled at her and leaned over to whisper in her ear. "My wife will be at the Circ du Soleil show for several hours, do you want to go upstairs?"

Cathy was only somewhat startled by his proposal. They had been flirting with each other at the card table and she surely found him attractive, but didn't really think he'd test his theory on her. "I don't know how to answer that" she replied.

Joe placed one hand on her thigh and squeezed firmly. "Oh, I think you know how to answer." Joe slid his hand farther up her thigh, under the skirt of her dress, squeezing rhythmically now. "I think you know exactly how to answer," he whispered, his breath soft on her ear. "You know my theory on women in Vegas, we've been talking about it all night." He continued to squeeze and rub her thigh. "You know you have an inner whore and I think we should let her out." 

"Oh God," she moaned quietly, as she felt his fingers inch under the elastic of her panties toward the soft lips of her pussy. She placed her hand on his, stopping the exploration. "Yes," she said and leaned into him, "let's go upstairs." 

He grinned and removed his hand, but not before giving her thigh one last firm squeeze. "I knew you'd be up for this," he said, taking her by the hand. "Lead on baby, we'll have to use your room." 

She held his hand as they walked towards the elevator. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she thought over and over again, the thought circulated through her mind like a perverted mantra. They were followed into the elevator by a group of rowdy college kids. Joe wedged himself into a corner and pulled Cathy back against him. He ground himself against her ass and she could feel his hard cock He held her tight against him and kissed her neck and ears from behind, his arms firm around her waist. Cathy leaned back into him, surrendering herself completely to his touch, only peripherally aware of the other occupants in the elevator. 

Once in the room, Joe pushed Cathy onto the bed, more than eager to continue what had started in the elevator. "God, you're a horny bitch," he grunted roughly as he pulled at the tie of her wrap dress, kissing her roughly, his tongue deep in her mouth. The dress fell open easily and he fell forward onto her, immediately beginning work on her breasts. He sucked first one nipple then the next, in rapid succession, not bothering to remove her bra, just pulling the cups down far enough to expose the needy flesh of her large nipples. Both nipples were fully erect and sensitive to his touch. She could only respond with a loud moan. "You like that," he grunted, his mouth full. "Don't you?" He pulled his mouth away from her nipple. "You like your tits sucked, don't you?" his breath hot on her breast. " I knew you were a whore the minute I saw you." he muttered. He resumed sucking, harder this time, drawing the nipple further into his mouth with his tongue and teeth as he squeezed the other breast with his hand, his fingers pinching and twisting the nipple.

"Yes," she groaned, "I'm a whore." She could feel her pussy as it released even more juice, panties slick and soaking, her body's automatic response to his ministrations. She slid her hands to the back of his head and pulled him even closer against her breast, she hoped the pressure would urge him to suckle harder on her nipple and he did, his mouth wet and noisy against her breast. She felt like such a slut with this stranger, this man who was mauling her tits with his greedy hands and mouth, all the while grinding his erection against her leg.

Abruptly he pulled away from her breasts, leaving them wet with his saliva and burning from the intense suckling. He moved down her body, kissing her abdomen roughly, sucking and licking, until he was between her legs. Not bothering to remove her panties, he pushed the wet fabric aside and buried his face into the steaming space between her legs.

Cathy moaned as she felt him root around with his tongue and fingers, as he parted her folds, on the hunt for her clit. "Uhhh" she groaned out loud as he sucked hard on her clit, rubbing his tongue rapidly over the erect little nub. Her moans seemed to spur him on and he buried his face in deeper, inhaling loudly and lapping at her flesh. He sucked and licked harder, drawing her clit into his mouth, nipping at it with his teeth. Cathy writhed and moaned. "Oh God" she cried, "Oh God!!" She felt herself cumming, her pussy throbbing and pulsing. She groaned again as her hips jerked involuntarily. She ground her wetness against his mouth, her hands again on the back of his head, as she pushed his face into her. 

"God, I can't believe how much you fucking want this" Joe said as he rose up from between her legs, his face slick and shiny with her juices. "You're such a horny slut." He grinned wickedly with wet lips. "Roll over," he demanded, wiping her juice from his face with one hand. "On your hands and knees. I'm gonna ride you hard. I'm gonna ride you just like the cumslut you are!!!" 

Cathy obeyed without question, eager and turned on by his vulgar words. She positioned herself, doggy-style, on hands and knees, her ass and pussy tilted upwards, the skirt of her wrap dress disheveled and stuck between the cleft of her ass cheeks. Joe moved onto the bed behind her and massaged the cheeks of her ass through the silky material. She could hear him unzip his pants. He pushed the skirt of her dress towards her waist, as he rubbed his hard cock against her wet crotch, her panties completely wet. The pressure teased her senses. 

"You want my cock?" he asked crudely. When she didn't answer, he asked again. "You want my cock?" He punctuated the question this time with a little thrust of his cock against her crotch. 

"Yes" she replied.

He laughed rudely and said, "Tell me you want my cock in your pussy, tell me!" He prodded her again with his swollen dick. "Say it!" prodding her again.

"I want your big cock in my wet pussy," Cathy moaned, "I want your cock, I want your cock, I want your cock!!!!" She pushed back against him in an open invitation.

"I'm gonna fuck you hard" he grunted. " Oh, God, I'm gonna fuck your sweet, wet cunt, good and hard." He pulled her panties down to her knees. She could feel how sticky they were when they came to rest against her calves. 

Cathy peered back over her shoulder and watched him roll a lubricated condom onto his thick cock, the shaft heavily veined, pre-cum glistening on the bulbous tip. "Oh God," she thought, as they made eye contact over her back, "he's really gonna fuck me." 

She felt him place the tip of his cock at the entrance of her pussy and she leaned forward, head down on folded arms and braced herself for him. He pushed in slowly and then pulled out, leaving just the tip of his cock inside her. He pushed in again deeper this time, still moving slowly and pulled out again. He gripped her hips hard, digging his fingers into her soft flesh and continued to fuck her with slow strokes, in and out, in and out, his movements controlled and precise. He pushed her forward. He pulled her back. Again and again. His cock stretched the folds of her pussy and with every inward thrust she gasped audibly. The friction of his deliberately slow fuck thrusts, caused her pussy to throb and tighten and in response to the increased pressure of her swollen cunt around his cock, he began to fuck her harder and faster. 

Joe pistoned back and forth as he thrust in and out, his pelvis slamming against her ass and outer lips as he buried himself deeply into her yielding cunt. She could feel his balls slap against her with each thrust and she began to move in rhythm with him. "It's so good," she thought, as he banged her pussy hard. "Uhhhhh, it's so good," she repeated, this time out loud. Even the thought of his wife, downstairs, oblivious, at a show, turned her on. Did his wife know her husband fucked strangers? 

He kept slamming into her, back and forth and she answered each of his thrusts with a loud moan. "Yes, oh God yes, fuck me" she moaned.

He responded to her moaning with increasingly harder thrusts of his cock. "You're such a whore," he grunted hoarsely, "You're such a whore!!!!!!" He continued to thrust harder and harder into her wet pussy.

Cathy moaned into her folded arms as she felt his hands tighten on her hips, his movements growing faster and more frantic.

"I'm going to cum inside you, you fucking whore," he cried out as he drilled into her one last time, burying himself deep in her wet hole. She could feel his cock throb inside her as he came, his cum restrained by the latex of the condom, his release explosive. Joe rested heavy against her for a moment, his breath ragged on her neck.

Cathy enjoyed the feel of his weight against her back and was disappointed when he withdrew his spent cock from her pussy. She rolled onto her side and watched him as he threw the used condom into the trash. He grinned at her as he zipped up his pants and tucked in his shirt. "I have to run...you know...beat the wife back to the room." He turned and smiled at her smugly. "Thanks for proving my little Vegas theory correct."