 It was just one of those nights. The weatherman had predicted thunderstorms but didn't say anything about what was happening outside. I stood at the bay window thinking out loud when a sudden flash of lightening, followed by a window shaking peal of thunder ended my lighting, television, and of course the computer.

I stood in the dark, just looking out when another flash of lighting blinded me for a moment. As I regained my vision I saw the lights of a car pulling down into my drive. " Who in the name of Hanna would be out this late on such a crappy night," I wondered. I walked to the door, stopping for a candle and a match to light it with. I opened the door as I reached it and found my arms full of a wet wiggly something. I almost dropped the candle as I caught this armful of raincoat and hat.

I stepped back steadying my visitor and watched as a pair of soft full lips, followed by a wonderful pixie nose emerging from the wet mess. A face filled with high cheekbones, and eyes of pure silver soon followed these. I blinked a couple of times just to make sure, they looked like silver but were not. Just the grayest eyes I have ever seen. 

"I am so sorry to bother you on such a night as this, but I could not see the road and I saw the light of your house just before they went out." she said.

" There is nothing to apologize for," I told her, "I cannot believe how hard this front has hit." 

I was staring and I knew it but I could not help it…Hearing her voice I stop and refocus my attention.

"….. a dry towel or something"

"I'm sorry you must be soaked" I took her by the arm and led her to the downstairs bath. Lighting a couple of candles I extended my arm for her coat. In the candlelight she was a heavenly creature as the hood, once removed, revealed pale blond hair, piled up high on her head, with a few wispy strands playing along her face. She handed me her coat and I excused myself. " Please take your time, the water is gas heated so if you want to wash up feel free. The towels are in the cabinet to the right of the shower."

I move to the kitchen and start a pot of hot water. Thank God for gas. Taking out two teacups I prepare the tea for brewing. I make up a tray with sugar, cream, lemon and the pot of tea. I turn to walk into the living room and standing there in the doorway is the blonde visitor. I damn near dropped the tray for all she is wearing is a towel.

" Sorry if I spooked you," she said. " I need to dry my clothes, if you don't mind?"

" Not at all." I put the tray down and carry her clothes back to the laundry room. "I'm afraid that we will have to wait a bit for the power" as I quietly think to myself, "Thank God for gas." I hang what I can to dry and return to the kitchen for the tea.

By this time she already has the tray in the living room and was lighting a few more candles. I stand and just gaze at her. Her movements are fluid and full of grace. She moves like a wrath, not seeming to touch the floor. I stand and stare, my inner-self whispering, " So what has it been, two, three months since your girlfriend walked out on you. All this time alone and now you have a stunning creature here and you just stand there like a teenager." I shake my head, walking into the room.

"I put several pieces of your clothing over a rack to dry. We will have to wait for the power to come back on to dry the rest."

"That's ok," she said, " I've already poured the tea, how do you like yours?"

" Just a little sugar please"

She passes me a cup. I sit and sip listening to her talk about herself, her job and just stuff in general. I notice that the constant movement of her arms and hands while talking has caused the towel to slip down so that her cleavage is now peeking out more and more. She sees me looking and I look down embarrassed at being caught, and notice that my cock is like a lead pipe between my legs. I had not realized that I was hard.

As we finish our tea she stands and walks over to the window, the storm is still exerting its full rage. I watch as she wraps her arms about herself and I move to stand behind her.

" I love thunderstorms, I can feel the power of the lightening and the thunder running through me like an electrical charge." She leans back against me, I know that she must have felt my hardness against her soft butt cheeks. " I am just as afraid as I am fascinated with the fury of nature. I sometimes feel that if I stood long enough I would be drawn up into the storm and become part of it."

She reaches down and draws my arms around her. Seeking comfort or strength I do not know. I can feel her body in my arms, so soft yet with an underlying strength. I feel the tightness of the muscles in her arms, the hard muscles of her upper back as she presses against me. I also feel her pushing back into me, feeling the stiffness of my swollen manhood, her hips gently rocking from side to side.

I turn her in my arms, her head tilts and her lips move up to meet mine. I cover her mouth with mine. Her lips move like they have a life of their own, like the silk softness of fine wine as it is tasted. She slips her tongue into my mouth, feeling the texture of my palate, the shape of my mouth and teeth. She entwines my tongue with hers and pulls it into her mouth sucking on it like it held life-giving nectar.

I return the kiss with the same passion, our tongues dancing a duel for power, each knowing that to win is to lose. Her hands run over my back and neck. Her hands hot where she touches. 

"I want you," she whispers as she unbuttons my shirt and strips it away.

She fumbles with my buckle, I pull back a bit undoing it, pull off my belt. She undoes my pants and falling to her knees she pulls them down, followed by my shorts. She looks first at my cock, hard and engorged, then she looks at me, our eyes meet. She smiles a little smile and devours me in a single gulp. Her nose buried in my pubic hair, her tongue darting up, down and round my cock as she holds it firmly in her mouth. She starts to bob her head up and down, my cock sliding in and out of her mouth, glistening with her saliva as she goes from tip to base. 

I moan softly, a low guttural moan from deep inside. I cannot believe what is happening to me. I feel me slip from her mouth, her hand starts to stroke me as her lips and tongue tickle my ball sack. She keeps moving back and forth, never giving me a chance to relax from her sexual administrations. I am almost to the verge, I cannot handle anymore and she senses that. She suddenly shifts to plying my cock with all her attention, sucking me hard and deep. I feel the tip as it brushes the back of her throat. She squeezes me as she matches each oral stroke with her hand. I cannot stop the swelling of my cock, the churning of my cum as it flows from inside, racing to create a milky white geyser as I erupt covering her breasts and hands with a sticky white sheen.

" Oh my god', I moan, " ohhhhh yes."

She squeezes the final drops from me…flicking her tongue on the tip of my now sensitive cock, causing a mixture of sudden ecstasy and agony. 

She reached for the towel she had been wearing, wiping the cum away that was clinging to her, I take the towel and finish the job as I pushed her back on to the floor. I kiss her lips, moving gently to her neck, feeling her pulse with my lips. 

She is whispering soft in my ear guiding me to those special places that make her quiver. The back of her neck, the ears all of these I seek out and enjoy, and in turn brings joy. I slide down sucking first her right nipple into my mouth and then the left. Playing my tongue across each, massaging each with my lips. She arches her back trying to push more of her breast into my mouth. Moaning she holds my head against her stroking my hair. With more than a little reluctance I move down to her stomach, kissing and nibbling her. I flick my tongue in and out of her navel, causing her to giggle. I reach down and stroke her legs, playing my fingertips along her thighs and behind her knees. She shifts her legs to make it easier for me to reach. Lower and lower I move until the small tuft of her hair tickles my nose. I pause, leaning back I admire the beauty of the woman lying in front of me. I shift my frame so that I am lying between her bent knees and legs and gently run my tongue up and down her outer lips. Just a hint of her lingers here. I part her outer lips and slide my tongue into her making her moan a low guttural moan like my own earlier. Flattening out my tongue I lick her up and down drawing her nectar into my mouth, savoring it. I slip a finger into her and she arches up, impaling herself on my finger and tongue. Working her hips to back and forth rocking against my hand and face she pleads for me not to stop.

" God that feels so good," she moans, "ohhhh right there, yesss that's it."

She jumps as my tongue brushes across her clit. Grinding her hot, wet pussy in to my face as I lick and suck on her clit, my finger working quickly in and out of her,

" Oh God, I'm cumming, ohhhhh don't stop, nooo don't" She thrashes about as her climax overcomes her. I continue to lick as suck on her as her juices' flow across my face and hands. I slow as she starts to come down, sliding up, her legs over my shoulders opening her wide as I push my hard cock deep into her.

She cried out as she felt me filling her. I started to stroke in and out of her, holding her legs wide as I push deep into her. Her muscles contracting making her even tighter. Faster and faster I pumped into her. Her body bucking up and down to meet mine, she cried out" Yess, faster. Fuck me harder make me cum again."

The sweat running across our bodies as I thrust into her, slamming my cock deep. I can fell her muscles starting to milk the cum out of me as she raked my back with her fingernails. " Ohhh I 'm cumming again," she cries, " cum with me, let me feel you hot cum filling me and mixing with mine. Ohh cum with me nowwwww."

Her body stiffened, her legs close tightly around me, her heels beating on my back. I flood her with my cum, pumping it deep inside of her. I slow and pull out a bit before pushing back in shooting the last of my load in her. Tears flowing down her face, our sweat mixing with our juices. Semen thick, running out from between her legs. Beside her I collapse, wrapping my arms around her. Her breath ragged starts to slow, becoming steady. She kisses me, softly licking the sweat from my upper lip. I close my eyes for a minute only to wake with the sun shining in the window.

I turn to her, but she is gone. I jump up racing to the door yes her car is gone.

I shut the door and then I see the note on the coffee table.

" I had a wonderful time last night. Please call me at 555-8978 if you want to see me again. Jennifer"

That was three years ago and we are still together, still in love and still having great sex. (Sometimes we have others over to join us) Isn't life great.