 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them already, Viva Las Vegas -- Parts 1 & 2 and Viva Newark are prequels to this story. All other stories with Viva Woodbridge titles are related to this one, but aren't technically prequels or sequels. So, if the first few paragraphs of this story sound familiar, just stick with it and you'll understand what I mean.

*

Early in my career, my first forays into business travel had me thinking that it wasn't something to look forward to or to get too excited about. After hooking up with a couple of female coworkers on separate business trips to Las Vegas, I started to rethink that position. Of course, I didn't always travel with horny female coworkers, so it took some time and some experience to really start getting the most out of business travel. I was extremely careful when traveling with female colleagues to determine by whatever means possible if they were, in fact, horny before even indirectly suggesting any sort of dalliance. I was much more concerned with an accusation of sexual harassment than I was with being shot down. I was actually quite a bit more at ease when traveling alone because I'd typically have a wider variety of potential partners to choose from and there was little risk of any details making it back to the home office.

Recently I was sent to Woodbridge, New Jersey for some company sanctioned training which took place in the same hotel where everyone from out of town would be staying. Although I'd been to Woodbridge before, I'd never been to this particular hotel and wasn't the least bit dismayed to see that it was in a very commercial area with few, if any, entertainment options outside of the hotel itself in the immediate area. To me, this meant that we would be essentially within the walls of that hotel for at least two, and possibly three, nights which could raise the potential for an encounter with another bored guest; I wouldn't even be so choosy as to only consider fellow training attendees.

The first thing I did as the conference room filled on the first morning of our training was to take a good look around, see who else was looking around and decide who to start chatting up during the first break. It didn't take long since there were only ten women to the thirty or so men in attendance; of those ten, I don't think there was a single one who I'd be forced to turn down if she was to proposition me. I did, however, see a few who I'd be much more thrilled about getting naked with and focused my efforts on them. The first was a tall, strawberry blonde named Jenn, who was not only big in stature but had an impressive rack and a big, round ass. Meredith was thin, with mousy brown hair and a plain face, but a nice set of tits and a sweet ass that she'd squeezed into a snug skirt. Erika was a brunette with very blue eyes, a decent figure and impressive tits, as well. Dana's tits weren't exceptionally large, but looked perky in her sweater set and her ass was pretty nice. Stephanie had a cute smile and was also brunette like Erika and Dana, but it was hard to get a real sense of her figure in what she was wearing. Finally, there was Sun, who was a painfully cute and extremely petite Chinese woman who I'd actually worked with before, remotely between Denver and New York City, but had never met in person.

I made certain that I interacted with each of them during breaks and at lunch and was feeling some good vibes from a few of them but, by the end of the day, I still hadn't determined who the most likely candidate would be. After the day's training was over, all of the participants were invited to a dinner in the hotel where one of the corporate executives would be doing a brief presentation. The dinner was an Italian buffet and each table was amply supplied with bottles of wine. By the time we broke up for the night, I'd had enough wine to just have a slight buzz but also enough pasta to keep me from being all out drunk. Given that there was nothing outside the hotel to do nearby, I assumed that anyone who was still interested in socializing would be in the bar so, after a quick trip up to my room, I headed there.

I was surprised to walk in the door and find the place nearly deserted...on a Friday night! Looking around, I was relieved to see Dana sitting at the bar with a glass of red wine in front of her. She appeared pleased when I joined her and also expressed her surprise and disappointment that the place was so dead. I asked what she was drinking and, since she said it was a decent cabernet, I ordered the same. The whole time we chatted and got to know each other better and, eventually, started to flirt a little bit, we were expecting more people from our training to show up at any minute. When no one did, Dana wondered what everyone else could possibly be up to with so little else to do around the hotel. I speculated that the rest of the class was all sitting in the hot tub, which surprised Dana because she didn't realize the hotel had a hot tub. When I told her that is was right by the pool, she confessed that she didn't even know there was a pool. She seemed a little disappointed because she hadn't brought a swimsuit along, so she couldn't take advantage of either amenity.

Trying to be optimistic, I suggested that if she went up to her room and filled her bathtub with hot water, she'd be able to continue to drink her wine as she soaked where, if she was using the hot tub, glasses wouldn't be allowed there. She asked if I thought that we could take the wineglasses out of the bar and I figured that housekeeping would make sure they got back where they came from. I was pleasantly surprised when she suggested that we get a couple of refills and head up to her room to try out her tub together. I didn't even have to think about it, so we topped off our wineglasses and headed for the lobby elevator with them in hand. Figuring it was safe based on her invitation, I leaned in to kiss her once the doors had closed and we were quickly making out. At her floor, we headed for her room and, once inside, she set our wineglasses on the edge of the tub as she got the water running and poured some hotel-supplied bubble bath in with it. I was admiring her ass in her black slacks as she bent over the tub and was looking forward to seeing it bare.

She turned back to me as the tub continued filling and started to unbutton my shirt while I unbuttoned the top sweater of her salmon-colored sweater set. We each let our top layer drop to the floor then I let her remove my t-shirt before I pulled the second sweater over her head, revealing her perky tits in a fairly plain bra. As she worked on getting my jeans opened up, I was fondling her tits, feeling her hard nipples through the thin fabric. When she started to work my jeans down, I let her get them completely off, leaving me in just my tented-out briefs, before reaching behind her to unfasten her bra. I slid her bra down her arms, slowly revealing the creamy flesh of her tits, followed by her pink areolas and nipples. Dropping her bra to the floor, I ran my hands over her tits again, feeling her hard nipples beneath my palm before gently pulling on them, causing her to moan.

She was rubbing the front of my briefs as I reached down to unfasten her slacks, which then dropped to her ankles, revealing her bikini panties. I dropped to my knees to help her step out of her slacks, then slid her panties down, too, exposing a trim, dark brown bush. Once she'd stepped out of her panties, I leaned her back against the counter and started to lick her pussy, causing her to moan. Her juices were really flowing, so I lapped them up before slipping a finger into her and focusing my tonguing on her clit. She was holding my head as she humped her pussy toward my face, her moans getting louder and echoing through the small room. It was obvious that she was pretty worked up, though I didn't know if it was from undressing each other or if it had started earlier in the evening. In either case, she was so wet that I easily slipped a second finger into her along with the first which caused her to let out a passionate moan that I was certain could have been heard in the hall.

She was really humping my face hard as I fucked her with two fingers while licking and sucking her clit, so it was obvious that she was quickly approaching an orgasm. I was enjoying eating her pussy, but I had a strong suspicion that this would not be my only opportunity, so I was perfectly fine with her cumming so quickly. My throbbing cock also reminded me that, the sooner she came, the sooner it would be buried either in her mouth or her pussy. Her moaning was becoming almost whimpering as she started to tense up, then she let out a shuddering moan as the tension left her body and she shook as she came. I didn't stop eating her pussy until she'd clearly finished cumming, then sat back on my heels and sucked her juices off my fingers. As she was catching her breath, she suddenly realized that the tub was nearly full, so she stepped over to turn it off, giving me an eye-level view of her bare ass and her pussy peeking out from between her legs.

With the water turned off, she turned back to me and helped me to stand, then took my briefs down and stroked my cock as I stepped out of them. She suggested that I get in the tub first and, once I was reclining against the end, she stepped in and straddled me, facing in my direction as she lowered her pussy toward my rigid cock. My eyes roved her naked physique, from her trim, brown bush to her perky tits and up to her cute face framed by her brown hair. Taking my cock in her hand, she lowered herself onto it, engulfing it in her hot, wet pussy and causing both of us to moan. She started to slowly ride up and down as I reached up to fondle her tits. Her pussy felt fantastic as it slid up and down my shaft, making me glad she'd already cum so that I wouldn't be too concerned about leaving her high and dry. I could feel my orgasm starting to build from the moment I slipped into her.

As she rode me harder and faster, gripping the edges of the tub and making waves under the bubbles, I slipped my hands down to her waist to pull her down harder as I was thrusting up into her. She eventually shifted from basically squatting over me to kneeling and bracing herself against the wall behind my head so I moved my hands down to her ass, massaging her cheeks as she rode me. My orgasm was building nice and slowly given how worked up I was to be with this woman I barely knew within just a few hours of meeting her. We made out a little bit when she first leaned forward, but the harder she rode me, the harder it was to keep up. I was savoring the pleasure that I was feeling as my cock began to swell even more until I finally exploded into her, letting out a moan that echoed off of the tiles surrounding us.

Once I was spent, she pressed her lips against mine and we made out before she repositioned herself to lean back against me as we went back to drinking our wine and talking. We soaked in the tub until the bubbles were nearly gone and the water was getting cooler, then dried each other off thoroughly, further arousing ourselves. With the tub draining and our bodies dry, we headed for Dana's bed where she had me lie in the middle as she positioned herself between my legs. She took my rigid cock in her fist, stroked it briefly, then lowered her mouth over it. I moaned as her lips slid down my shaft and back up again. It was extremely hot to watch my cock disappearing within her mouth while her hair hung around her face, brushing against my hips and thighs. I could also look past her bobbing head to see her ass sticking up in the air beyond it. She did an excellent job of making sure I was fully rigid and completely charged up before releasing my cock and moving up to straddle me again.

I admired her pretty face and her tits again as she moved up over me, then watched as she guided my cock back into her pussy. I was again impressed by how hot and wet her pussy was as it engulfed my tool and let out a moan to express my pleasure. Sitting straight upright, she started to slowly ride me as I reached up to fondle her tits, caressing the soft flesh and her hard nipples. While I enjoyed the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool and her tits in my hands, I was also absorbing every other detail of the encounter because I knew it would be something I'd want to remember long after this weekend was over. I took in all the details of her face - her brown eyes, her lips, her pink tongue -- all surrounded by her brown hair. My eyes explored her skin over her shoulders and down her arms, over her tits and her stomach down to her trim brown bush and down her thighs to her knees. I wanted to be able to recall everything.

When she leaned forward so that we could make out again as she continued to ride me, I could no longer admire her body, so I reached around and caressed her ass cheeks as they bounced up and down. Making out ended up being short lived as she pulled her mouth from mine to moan more frequently; based on that and the way her pussy was feeling even wetter, I surmised that she was verging on another orgasm. She continued to ride me harder and faster while I continued to massage her ass cheeks and enjoy her pussy sliding up and down my shaft. My own orgasm was building as well, but it appeared that she was a few steps ahead of me. Sure enough, she seemed to go into slow motion and a tremor passed through her as she came again. I just lay there, massaging her ass and letting her ride me at her pace.

When she opened her eyes, she smiled down at me and kissed me again before asking if I'd mind if she finished me off with her mouth. I told her that I was okay with that as long as I could eat her pussy at the same time. She climbed off of my cock and switched around so that her pussy was over my face and her face was over my cock. While I was still admiring her trim bush, she'd already gripped the base of my tool and sunk her mouth down on it again. I moaned and enjoyed the first few passes of her lips before running my tongue along her dripping slit and it was her turn to moan. While I slipped a finger into her and lapped at her pussy, she was sliding her lips up and down my shaft, demonstrating an excellence in cocksucking. The pause as we switched positions had delayed my orgasm slightly, but once she got going on blowing me, it started to build back up very quickly.

I was enjoying eating her pussy again and making sure to provide her with every bit of pleasure that I could, but I was also appreciating the building levels of pleasure as she sucked my cock and my orgasm came closer and closer. As my cock began to swell in anticipation of cumming, I paused in eating her so I could relish the last few minutes before I came. She remained focused and soon was swallowing my load as I exploded into her mouth, moaning loudly as I did. She nursed my cock until I was completely spent, then let it fall from her mouth and concentrated on her own pleasure. I slipped a second finger into her again as I had earlier and was rewarded with a similar reaction; she moaned loudly and pushed back against my fingers while I continued to lick and suck her clit.

Because she had just cum not that long before and her pussy seemed to still be pretty well engorged, it didn't appear as though it was going to take her even as long to cum as it had when she'd been riding my cock. I didn't try to hurry her along, instead doing what I could to prolong her pleasure. Even still, it became obvious that she was building back up again pretty quickly and was soon right on the verge of cumming again. I wasn't surprised when she let out a cry and her body started to shake. I continued to work on her pussy until she let out a long sigh and rested her head on my thigh.

Once she'd caught her breath, she moved back around to lie beside me and we just lay there naked for a little while, still enjoying each other's company, before she asked if I was going to spend the night. I told her that I'd be pleased to, so she went about getting herself ready for bed and we were soon snuggled together under the covers. So we didn't feel guilty about the company wasting money, we did spend the next night in my room and tried out my shower on our last morning together. As we parted after two days of learning and two nights of lust, it was bittersweet, but we promised to figure out a way to get together again soon and, if we could get the company to absorb the cost, even better.