 Somehow, you did it. You found all the out of print editions and read them. And then you picked the right character from among a virtual circus of choices. Some of the strangest folk you've ever met in print, but you guessed my favorite, and now Vixen has to pay up. 

You had stewed and dithered, reading two of the books a second time, looking for clues. You had it narrowed down to three, and finally decided to take a shot. 

We were ICQing one night when you typed a name on the screen, followed by "Is that it?" My icq chat screen went silent. Then a halting message appeared "get your day book." You laughed when you realized what had happened. You'd WON.

We negotiated the date. I sent you my itinerary. You sent back the name of the hotel.

I can't believe I'm doing this. In fact, I can't believe I made this ridiculous bet in the first place. I'm flying across the country to perform fellatio on a man I've never seen, because he was able to pick my favorite character in a series of books. I must be out of my mind. Completely wacko. 

The most bizarre part of this is that I could have lied so easily, and told you it was someone else. I like any number of the Mongo characters, and maybe you wouldn't have known if I'd picked another one after the name flashed on your screen. Maybe. But I've never lied to you, and I think you might have known. If you knew enough to pick that one, you obviously know me well enough to spot a lie. And the whole truth is that I do want to meet you, so here we are.

I couldn't tell anyone what I was up to. They'd have had me committed. The man next to me asks innocently, "Are you traveling for business?" Yeah, right, monkey business of the first order.

Plane lands safely, and I grab a cab to the hotel. I wish I could take a shower. In addition to a terminal case of nerves, I've been in airports and planes for 5 hours, and I would really like to be clean when we finally do meet. Whatever possessed me to do this?

Deal's a deal, and I'm here now. I go to the front desk. 

"I believe you have a package for Vixen." 

The clerk smiles and hands me a beautifully wrapped box from behind the counter. There's an envelope attached. I move toward the elevators and open the envelope. Inside are 2 room keys and a note. 

"I knew you would want to clean up. Use key #1 first. When you're ready, use key #2 on the connecting door. Take your time. Wear the gift. Phil"

What a nice man. He reads my mind. I go to the room, crawl out of my travel clothes and head for the shower. OH, wait -- the box -- what's in the box? Ribbons and wrapping paper fly. Ohmigosh. It's lovely. I'm so glad I will be clean when I put this on. It's wonderful. I love it. 

To the shower. Hot, hot water washing away all the travel. I tidy up the shaved places, wash my hair, get clean inside and out. I stand in the shower with the water running down my back, using a soothing body wash. Its herbal formula smells wonderful, it's so relaxing, and the texture is so smooth.

As I run the washcloth under my breasts, I notice the white against my tan and think of your shirt. Of wearing your white shirt over nothing at all. And I think of what it will be like to have you in the shower with me, later. I finish the "cleaning" part of my shower and set the washcloth aside.

I take more of the herbal wash straight onto my hands, close my eyes, and rub myself . Thinking of you -- how close you are right now -- just a connecting door away. Thinking how nice it will be to have you doing this for me, later. Thinking of your hands, wondering how they will feel. 

Imagining you standing behind me, pressing against me under the hot water. Thinking of your stiff cock pressing against my slippery bottom. Imagining us playing under that hot stream of water. Soon, but not yet. First, there's the bet to pay off.

My slick hands move down my body, touching myself. Teasing myself. Rubbing myself. Sliding my fingers in and out. Feeling a different wetness. Getting ready. For you.

Warm out of the shower, I dry my hair, curl it a bit, and pull it back softly. You'll want it loose. Lotion everywhere -- not the hotel's lotion -- my own custom Mizan lotion. 

Light spray with the cologne. Now the perfume. Touching my hair, the back of my neck, base of my throat, wrists, ankles, behind my knees, between my breasts, under my breasts, a dab at the base of my spine. I rub those places, to get the scent on my hands, and then stroke my pussy. Good thing we've determined that Phil loves this stuff -- if he were allergic, we'd have a big problem.

A hint of eye shadow and some lip gloss.

Breathe, Vix. Inhale...hold it...exhale...get grounded...get centered. This is Phil. This isn't some nutcase. Breathe. I put on his beautiful gift, step to the connecting door, and knock twice. 

"Come in."

My hand is shaking a bit as I slide the key into the lock, turn the knob, and open the door.

The room is dark. There's a candle burning in the bathroom. I can see a bit of reflected light in the mirror.

"I'm over here. Did you have a nice shower?"

"Yes, thanks. It felt very good."

"Time to pay up, Vixen."

"Yes. Where would you like me to begin?"

"I've been thinking about that. I think the magic spot. You're written about it so well, I want to see whether you can really find it."

I follow your voice to the other side of the room. There's just enough light to see the large pieces of furniture. You're sitting in a big overstuffed chair, but I can't make out your features. There's a soft pillow on the floor between your legs. 

"That's nice. Thank you."

I kneel on the pillow, untie the ribbon, shake my long hair loose and lean forward. Holding the arms of the chair, I look for you with my hair and my mouth, but not my hands. I sense your heat, I smell you. I feel my hair brush against something and follow with my mouth. It's your thigh. Slowly I kiss my way closer, touching you only with my lips and the tip of my tongue. The hair on your leg tickles my nose. I pause.

You slide forward in the chair so that you're more accessible. I press my nose against your balls and gently lick and kiss behind them, down that narrow line, up and down the magic road. I find the spot. You knew I would. Dancing tongue, drawing tiny circles, prodding gently. I can feel your muscles tighten. 

I hear your breathing change. I feel movement against my forehead.

Moving away from the spot, I go south to that tight rosebud. We've written so many words about this, but you know I've never really done it. This is a first. Carefully, I taste each tiny ridge on the entry, then the tip of my tongue presses for admission. Slowly. Learning this whole new place. Licking just inside, pressing the walls, feeling your muscle clamp around my tongue. Then moving further in. 

Burying your hands in my hair, you press my face into you. I let go of the chair arms and fondle your balls. They're so tight. 

I press my head back against your hands to let you know I want to move. Nuzzle and lick my way back to your balls. Lick them, suck them. I hear you moan softly. You smell so good. I love that peppermint soap. Stroking your hot cock. Stroking it firmly... up, then softly over the thickened head, down; again and again, stroking up, across, and down. Firm and fast, while I gently suck your balls into my mouth. 

Your cock is so thick, so stiff, so hot. It's twitching, and slick at the tip. Time for me to finally meet your cock. 

Teasing at first, playing little mouth games with the swollen head. Sucking it quickly in and out of my mouth, between tight lips. Tickling the tip with my tongue, probing gently at the slit. 

Then diving to the root, sucking you to the back of my throat. My tongue running wild -- up, down and around your stiff cock. Love feeling the pulse of your thick veins on my tongue.

"God, Vix, I didn't know it could be like this."

You hold my head, rise from the chair, and lower me to the floor, never letting your cock leave my mouth. On my back on the floor, you kneel above me and fuck my mouth. 

Faster. Harder. Deeper. Shooting into me. Cumming in waves down the back of my throat. Feeling my throat tighten around your cock as I swallow you. Watching my hips buck off the floor as I cum from sucking you. You don't have to fuck my pussy... fuck my mouth, and I'll cum. 

Fuck my pussy later, you'll like that, too. Titanwet pussy.