 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them already, Viva Las Vegas -- Chapters 1 & 2 and Viva Newark are prequels to this story. All other stories with Viva Woodbridge titles are related to this one, but aren't technically prequels or sequels. So, if the first few paragraphs of this story sound familiar, just stick with it and you'll understand what I mean.

*

Early in my career, my first forays into business travel had me thinking that it wasn't something to look forward to or to get too excited about. After hooking up with a couple of female coworkers on separate business trips to Las Vegas, I started to rethink that position. Of course, I didn't always travel with horny female coworkers, so it took some time and some experience to really start getting the most out of business travel. I was extremely careful when traveling with female colleagues to determine by whatever means possible if they were, in fact, horny before even indirectly suggesting any sort of dalliance. I was much more concerned with an accusation of sexual harassment than I was with being shot down. I was actually quite a bit more at ease when traveling alone because I'd typically have a wider variety of potential partners to choose from and there was little risk of any details making it back to the home office.

Recently I was sent to Woodbridge, New Jersey for some company sanctioned training which took place in the same hotel where everyone from out of town would be staying. Although I'd been to Woodbridge before, I'd never been to this particular hotel and wasn't the least bit dismayed to see that it was in a very commercial area with few, if any, entertainment options outside of the hotel itself in the immediate area. To me, this meant that we would be essentially within the walls of that hotel for at least two, and possibly three, nights which could raise the potential for an encounter with another bored guest; I wouldn't even be so choosy as to only consider fellow training attendees.

The first thing I did as the conference room filled on the first morning of our training was to take a good look around, see who else was looking around and decide who to start chatting up during the first break. It didn't take long since there were only ten women to the thirty or so men in attendance; of those ten, I don't think there was a single one who I'd be forced to turn down if she was to proposition me. I did, however, see a few who I'd be much more thrilled about getting naked with and focused my efforts on them. The first was a tall, strawberry blonde named Jenn, who was not only big in stature but had an impressive rack and a big, round ass. Meredith was thin, with mousy brown hair and a plain face, but a nice set of tits and a sweet ass that she'd squeezed into a snug skirt. Erika was a brunette with very blue eyes, a decent figure and impressive tits, as well. Dana's tits weren't exceptionally large, but looked perky in her sweater set and her ass was pretty nice. Stephanie had a cute smile and was also brunette like Erika and Dana, but it was hard to get a real sense of her figure in what she was wearing. Finally, there was Sun, who was a painfully cute and extremely petite Chinese woman who I'd actually worked with before, remotely between Denver and New York City, but had never met in person.

As it happened, Jenn was the first person I ended up talking to during the first break, but it was she who made the first move. She definitely wasn't shy and it didn't take long before we were flirting. I did talk to some of the other women and it wasn't necessarily that none of them seemed interested in me, but Jenn made it clear to me throughout the day that she and I were on the same page as far as what we hoped to accomplish outside of the daily training sessions. I don't think we made it obvious to anyone else and, even if someone did figure it out, it wasn't like we were being blatant about it. As the day wore on, I had to be careful that my mind didn't wander too far from what the presenter was saying while considering whether Jenn's bush was that same strawberry blonde color and how big her nipples and areolas might be.

As if to make the anticipation almost unbearable, immediately after the training ended on that first day, all of the participants were to attend a dinner together in the hotel with a presentation by one of the company executives. Jenn and I did sit together and managed to keep our hands to ourselves and our flirting under control. When she leaned toward me and asked what my plans were for after dinner, I whispered back that I was planning to reach up under her dress, strip off her panties and eat what I found. I don't think she was expecting this because she was uncharacteristically flustered and her cheeks went a little bit red. When the timing was appropriate, we finally slipped away and headed up to her room. We were fortunate to find ourselves alone in the elevator and, as soon as the doors were closed, my hands were on her ass, her arms were around my neck and our tongues were in each other's mouths.

I was glad to be wearing jeans, not khakis, when we reached her floor, because I'd have been pitching one hell of a tent. We were practically running to her room and, once inside, she bolted the door and, as we started making out again, I was raising the hem of her dress. Once I got it up to her tits, I had to step back and see what I had exposed. I had her hold it up as I fondled her big tits through her bra, then lowered myself down to sit on the end of the bed as I started to slide her panties down. I was pleased to see that her trim bush was the same color as her shoulder-length locks as her panties dropped to her ankles and she stepped out of them. I had her take my place as I moved to kneel on the floor and kissed her again before having her lay back as I lowered my head between her pale thighs.

I started running my tongue up her slit, which was flooded with pungent fluids, as she grabbed my head and moaned loudly. I worked on slurping up her nectar for a bit before slipping a finger into her dripping pussy while licking and sucking her clit. She moaned loudly again and started to rock her hips rhythmically. I glanced up to see her big tits still encased in a black bra and her black dress still pulled up below her chin. I planned to make her cum then free those tits and play with them for a while before giving her a good, hard fucking. From the sounds she was making and the abundance of juices flowing from her pussy, I wasn't expecting it to take very long before she was cumming. I squeezed a second finger into her, just to help her along, and was rewarded with a deeper moan and a tighter grip on my head. I kept licking and sucking her clit as I worked both fingers in and out of her with the help of her natural and plentiful lubricant.

Her moaning became more continuous and her hip movements more pronounced the longer I devoured her juicy pussy, so I was at the very least confident that she was enjoying what I was doing. When she finally let out what amounted to a wail of pleasure, her body also started to shake, so I kept up what I was doing until she went still and let out a long sigh. I raised my head and watched her heaving chest until her eyes opened again and she smiled down at me. Straightening up again, I had her sit up and pulled her dress up over her head, leaving her wearing only her black bra. I cast her dress aside and caressed her big tits before reaching behind her to release the numerous hooks, causing her bra to go slack. I slipped it down her arms, revealing her freckled cleavage and two very large, light pink areolas topped with hard, thick nipples. My hands were immediately on the soft flesh while my tongue traced circles around her areolas before I sucked each of her hard nipples between my lips.

She was running her fingers through my hair and moaning again but was gracious enough to indulge me even though I'm sure everyone she grants the opportunity to tends to get lost in her luscious tits. I didn't go overboard and soon stood up before her to start getting undressed myself. As I was unbuttoning my shirt, she went to work on opening my jeans and, by the time I had shed my shirt and was pulling off my t-shirt, she was working my jeans and underwear down. With my stiff cock standing out before her, she reached out to take it in her hand and stroke it before wrapping her lips around it and engulfing it in her hot mouth. I moaned and dropped my t-shirt so that I could run my fingers through her strawberry blonde hair as she slid her mouth up and down my throbbing shaft. As she held the base of my shaft in one hand, she gently caressed my balls in the other.

After a few highly pleasurable minutes of cocksucking, she slipped my cock from her mouth and asked if she could ride it. I caressed her cheek as I looked into her green eyes and told her that, of course, she could. She helped me the rest of the way out of my jeans and underwear, then I got on the bed and lay on my back with my cock pointing at the ceiling. My eyes were locked on her tits as she moved up over me, but were drawn down to her reddish blonde bush when she took my cock and guided it toward her pussy. We both moaned as her hot, slippery pussy engulfed my tool and she started to ride it. My hands went right to her tits as she was sitting upright and rocking on my cock. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh and ran my palms over her hard nipples as I savored the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my shaft.

She started out slowly bouncing up and down on me but gradually began to pick up her pace. I continued to fondle her tits until the point when she leaned forward, supporting herself on her arms, and was rocking forward and back hard on my cock. With her tits so much closer, I went back to licking and sucking her hard nipples. The harder and faster she rode me, the noisier she was getting and I could feel her pussy getting even hotter and wetter. I could feel the first stirrings of my own orgasm, so I ended up releasing her tits and reaching back for her ass cheeks as I pushed up harder into her each time she came back down on my cock. My eyes were drawn from her wildly swinging tits to her face as her moaning became louder and more drawn out. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes closed, but her mouth was open, letting out those moans.

When she seemed to go into slow motion and I could feel tremors coursing through her, I was pleased that she was cumming again because it wouldn't be much longer before I was ready to myself. I just watched the expression of bliss on her face as she rode out her orgasm until she opened her eyes and blinked at me as if clearing her head. She asked if I wanted to try another position and I confirmed that I did and that it would be with me straddling her ribs. She knew what was on my mind so she rolled off next to me and I got up, straddled her and laid my throbbing cock between her tits. She squeezed them together for me and I started sliding my cock in and out of her warm, smooth cleavage.

My attention was still on her luscious tits and large areolas while enjoying the way her tits felt squeezing my cock, but Jenn was watching the head of my cock as it disappeared and reappeared between them. I was fucking them slowly, enjoying the building level of pleasure as my orgasm approached, and not really considering anything else for the immediate moment. Even as my orgasm continued to get closer, I tried to maintain a slow pace to enjoy the feel of her tits on my cock for as long as I could. It was when I got to the point where I knew I was only good for another few seconds that I shifted forward, requiring her to release her tits, and slid my cock back into her mouth. The warm wetness of her mouth was a change from the smooth soft flesh of her tits, but it still didn't take more than a few thrusts before I exploded down her throat.

Jenn swallowed my load and continued to nurse my cock until I moved away and lay beside her. I couldn't resist continuing to play with her tits, but she didn't seem to mind, especially after two orgasms. Of course with limited time to indulge in each other before we were heading back to our respective home offices, we didn't rest for long. We still had an early morning of training the following day, but I was pleased to learn that Jenn was staying over Saturday night, too, before taking off on Sunday, so we had another whole night of pleasure ahead of us.