 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them already, Viva Las Vegas -- Chapters 1 & 2 are prequels to this story. 

*

There was a time once, early in my career after I'd hooked up with a couple of different coworkers on separate business trips to Las Vegas, that I thought it was the magic of that desert city that resulted in those hook-ups. After spending more time in the business and traveling to other cities with other female coworkers, I realized that it had nothing at all to do with the location of the business trip and everything to do with horny, sometimes repressed, women who wanted to let their hair down once they were away from the home office. Take a recent trip to Newark, New Jersey, for example; I don't think anyone who has been to Newark would say that it was magical or prone to inspiring romantic imagery, but the trip still resulted in a very satisfying tryst with my traveling partner.

Experience tells me that, when traveling with a coworker who I know fairly well from my home office, adjacent seats on a flight will often lead to more personal conversations which often lead to more personal encounters in impersonal hotels. When I find myself traveling alone, there are quite often other attendees of a given seminar or training who have also traveled alone and often appear to fear eating alone more than anything in the world. I don't even know how many hook-ups have come as a result of simply asking somebody if they had plans for dinner. It's like there is such a sense of relief at not having to eat alone that they are willing to do just about anything to repay me.

The Newark trip, though, was with a coworker who was a few years younger than me but who I had worked with for several years. I thought we knew each other fairly well but our adjacent seats on the flight from Denver proved that there were a few things that I didn't know about her. I did know that she was thin and blonde with small, perky tits and an ass to die for so I was definitely going to use what I had learned to try to get to know her a lot better physically during the trip. The signs were looking really good by the time we landed and hopped on the shuttle to the hotel so I figured, since the seminar didn't start until the next morning, the night ahead was definitely holding some promise. I wasn't counting my chickens, but I definitely maintained a positive attitude.

Our rooms ended up being across the hall from each other on a relatively high floor and, when I saw the view from my room, I knew her view wouldn't be nearly as nice on the opposite side of the building so I seized my opportunity. Even though we were just steps away from each other, I sent her a text that said "How's your view?" Her reply was "OK. Yours?" I wrote back "NYC. Come see." I went and opened my door just as she was opening hers to step out. She pulled her door shut and I stepped aside to let her walk into my room and she headed right for the window. My view was of the Manhattan skyline and really was pretty spectacular. As I let the door close behind her, I was watching her ass all the way across the room until she was standing at the window, raving about the scenery.

If this was someone I didn't know so well or there was any potential that I had misread the signals during our flight, I wouldn't have even attempted something so bold as what I did next, but I was feeling confident that it would be well received and I was right. Stepping up behind her, I put my hands on her hips and started to kiss her neck, an easy task given her short blonde hair and long, slender neck. She immediately cocked her head to the side to grant me better access, but otherwise didn't move. I slipped my hands up to cup her small, perky tits and felt her hard nipples pressing out, so I gently tweaked them before sliding my hands up under her shirt. I could hear her breathing rate increasing and a few soft gasps escaping, especially as I caressed her nipples through her bra. Once I unfastened the front clasp and my hands were on her bare tits, she actually let out a soft moan.

I loved the soft, smooth feel of her tits, which I had admired at work so often, and my growing cock was starting to press against her ass. I had to believe that she was getting incredibly wet by this point, so I dropped my hands down to the front of her jeans and unbuttoned them, then slid the zipper down. One hand went into her jeans, over the front of her panties, as the other went back up to her tits. Her panties were damp, so I ran my fingertips over her pussy before slipping my hand into them. Her bush was very trim and her pussy was gushing with juices, but I focused on slathering those juices over her clit as she let out a louder moan. Her hips where moving a little bit as I stroked her clit and fondled her tits, still kissing her neck and lightly licking her ears, though I was now alternating sides of her neck.

As I continued to toy with her clit and her nipples, she started to tremble and was breathing hard between moans. I was feeling confident that I'd be slipping my cock into her overflowing pussy and the thought of it made my cock even harder. It was obvious that she was on the verge of cumming, so I knew it wouldn't be much longer. Despite that, I wasn't trying to make her cum quickly; I wanted her to experience the pleasure she was feeling for as long as she could stand it. She ended up bracing herself against the window when her knees tried to give out, but I just kept up what I was doing, glad that she was enjoying it so much. The trembling became shaking as she started to cum and I stopped fondling her tits to help hold her up while my other hand remained inside her panties until she'd finally finished cumming.

When she let out a long, contented sigh, I slipped my hand out of her panties as she turned to face me. Our lips met and our tongues were soon exploring each other's mouth while she dropped a hand down to caress the bulge in my jeans. After a couple of minutes, she suggested that I lie on the bed and let her undress me. She didn't bother refastening her own jeans or her bra but pulled my shirt off as I sat on the edge of the bed, then went to work on opening my jeans as I slid up to lay in the middle of the bed. My cock sprung out as she worked my jeans and underwear down, so she stroked it momentarily before finishing the task of getting me naked. Once my jeans were cast aside, she kneeled between my legs and wrapped her lips around my tool. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed me while one hand held the base and the other gently caressed my balls.

I ran my hands through her short hair as her head bobbed up and down briefly before I suggested that she undress and ride my cock, wanting to feel that hot wetness engulfing me, as well. She straightened up on her knees and peeled her polo shirt off, her bra still hanging open in the front to give me my first view of her perky tits. My eyes were locked on her light pink nipples and small areolas as she let her bra slide down her arms behind her back, which pushed her small tits out a bit more. I couldn't wait to get my hands back on them, followed by my lips and tongue. She stood on the bed and started to work her open jeans down over her narrow hips, revealing a pair of blue panties the color of the Caribbean. My cock was throbbing as she worked these down over her hips after kicking her jeans away. Her trim, dark blonde bush came into view and I was entranced until she leaned forward to work her panties past her knees and her tits were swinging right before me. When she straightened up and tossed her panties aside, my eyes roamed over her fair skin from her blonde bush to her pink nipples as she stood over me and started to lower herself toward my cock.

Settling to her knees over me, she took my cock in her hand again, guided it to her hot pussy, and slowly engulfed it. We both moaned as my cock filled her slippery, snug pussy completely. When she started to slowly ride up and down on it, I reached for her tits and caressed them and her hard nipples again. While my hands were on her tits, though, my eyes were on her trim, blonde bush and my cock disappearing below it. It was so fucking hot to see, having visualized it so many times during the years that we'd been working together. Not surprisingly, it felt even better than it looked and, as she rode me harder and faster, I was relishing my position below her.

My view of her pussy was blocked as she leaned forward and rocked forward and back on my cock rather than up and down. It still felt as good and exposed her ass a bit more, so I ran my hands back around over her taut cheeks. She leaned down and we made out some more for a bit but, the longer and harder she rode me, the more she started moaning. As I felt her pussy becoming even hotter and wetter, I started pushing up into her each time she rocked back down on my cock. She was moaning almost continuously the closer she got to her second orgasm until she let out a single, long, low moan and I felt her entire body shuddering. She stopped riding me as she came and, once she'd finished, she opened her eyes and looked down at me again so I asked her if she wanted to switch to doggie-style.

She nodded and climbed off of me, staying on her knees and lowering her head as I got to my knees and moved behind her. Her ass looked fucking awesome, so I ran my hands over it then leaned down kiss and nibble it before running my tongue between her cheeks, causing a chill to run through her. Straightening up again, I took my cock in hand and guided it back into her pussy, causing both of us to moan again as my hips touched her ass cheeks. Holding her by the hips, I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her succulent pussy again, savoring the feel of it wrapped around my tool. It looked and felt as though she slipped one of her hands back to toy with her clit as I fucked her and, as she started moaning again, I was feeling like it was a safe bet that she'd be having her third orgasm before I even had my first.

I slipped my hands down to fondle her dangling tits, gently tugging on her hard nipples and thinking that I still hadn't gotten my lips around them, but knowing it was only a matter of time now. At that moment, sliding my cock in and out of her sweet pussy while my hips were bouncing off her amazing ass, I wasn't too distracted by what I hadn't had the opportunity to experience yet. When her moaning started to get louder and she was pushing back against my incoming thrusts, I straightened up again, holding her by the hips as I fucked her harder and faster. Astoundingly, her pussy continued to get even hotter and wetter as she approached another orgasm, so I was starting to consider whether I might be cumming deep inside her soon after she had cum.

She pushed back against me hard and I could feel the tremors coursing through her body as she experienced her third orgasm. When she was done, she pulled away so that my cock popped out of her and asked me to lie on my back so that she could suck my cock again. I didn't argue and just lay in the middle of the bed while she lay on her stomach between my spread legs. Taking my throbbing cock in her small hand, she held it up as she licked my balls, then ran her tongue up my shaft several times. I moaned loudly as she wrapped her lips around it and slid her mouth down as far as she could before sliding back up again. She started to pump the base in one hand as her mouth moved up and down, starting out slowly but getting faster the longer she blew me. I was already on the verge when I'd been fucking her from behind, so it didn't take very much of her skillful cocksucking before my cock was beginning to swell even more in anticipation of exploding into her mouth.

She did manage, through her obvious talent, to draw out the pleasure I was feeling for much longer than I would have ever expected. Seeing her blue eyes looking up at me and her short blonde hair hanging around her face made a little more effort necessary on her part to do so, but she somehow was able to before I finally started spurting into her mouth. She swallowed down my load and continued to suck my cock until I had nothing left and was starting to soften, then crawled up to lie beside me. The room was beginning to darken as we lay there and I think it was my rumbling stomach that reminded us that we hadn't eaten yet. We ended up ordering room service, eating naked, then fucking again in front of the window overlooking the twinkling lights of Manhattan.

After she'd gone back over to her room briefly to make sure she had everything ready for our early training and I'd done the same in my room, I brought a few of my toiletries to her room and we made love once more before falling asleep in each other's arms in her room. We had an early morning for the start of our seminar, but managed to squeeze in a shower together and a quickie before we dressed separately. The seminar was actually very informative and we networked with a lot of the other attendees before retiring to our room the following night. We had another early morning for the second day of the seminar, but still managed to indulge ourselves in some enthusiastic fucking before going to sleep. We ended up being glad that we'd decided to stay over after the second day of the seminar and had a rowdy night and next morning before checking out and flying back to Denver. Back at work, things settled down a bit between us, but whenever one of us got the urge for the other, we didn't resist it.