 The distant rumble told me another truck was coming. I could see the glint of chrome on the horizon. Grabbing my duffel bag, I ran to the edge of the road, giving my clothes a few last adjustments to make sure my well-tanned figure was properly displayed. I inched down the waistband of my already indecently low low-rider cut offs, fully exposing the smooth curve of my belly and the small glittering jewel of my pierced navel. Readjusting my large breasts within the confines of my skimpy bikini top, I gave my nipples a few quick tugs until they perked up, visibly straining against the small triangles of white lycra. 

The truck was approaching, only about a few dozen yards away now, and I waved. The truck immediately began to slow down, the deep stutter of its jake brake almost deafening. It passed by and came to a halt a short distance away. I ran towards it, the hot asphalt burning my bare feet. I stopped in front of the passenger door, shading my eyes from the midday sun as I looked up and tried to see inside the window high above my head. Grabbing the door handle, I paused for a moment before opening the door, preparing myself for the unwashed and repulsive man I knew I was about to meet. 

I could picture him already: fat and ugly, with rotting or missing teeth, long, greasy uncombed hair, more then likely with a long scraggly beard to match, his clothes encrusted with a month's worth of dirt, oil and food. These were the type of men I'd been getting used to over the past few weeks, as I endured their rough, grubby hands groping my body. Unfortunately this was my only guarantee of a soft place to sleep and a few hot meals as I wondered around the country with all my worldly possessions in a duffel bag slung over my shoulder.

I finally pulled open the door and climbed the small metal steps with the help of the nearby grab bar. A hand reached out to take my bag. I handed it to him with a smile and he reached out again to take my hand. As I placed my hand in his, I noticed his long fingers and short clean nails. His hand was warm and firm and it easily pulled me the rest of the way up and into the truck. Landing in the passenger seat with an ungraceful flop, I looked up at the man standing beside me. 

I realized I was staring, my jaw hanging open in disbelief. He was nothing like what I had expected. The man didn't look like a truck driver at all. He was tall and slender, the sleeves of his t-shirt rolled up to expose well toned arms. He even had his shirt tucked in! My scrutiny must have made him a little bit uncomfortable because he flashed me a quick, nervous smile, giving me a glimpse of dazzling white teeth.

"Where to?" he asked as he sat down and put the truck into gear. His voice was low with just a hint of huskiness to it.

"I dunno. Anywhere but here. South I guess." I replied as the truck heaved beneath me and started to roll.

"Well, I'm goin' to Baltimore. I can take you as far as that, then I gotta head back north."

"That's cool." I said as I twisted sideways in my seat to study him.

He was a very handsome man, clean shaven, with high cheek bones and dark eyes that gleamed with intense concentration as he drove. A pair of stylish steel-framed glasses made him look more like an accountant then a truck driver. He even had nice hair. It was short, but thick and wavy, a dark glossy shade of brown, almost black. He reached into a small compartment over his head and pulled out a baseball cap, tugging it down low over his forehead to shield his eyes from the setting sun. I felt the urge to pull off that hat and run my fingers through all that silky smoothness.

"Do you mind if I kick off these shorts?" I asked. "They're so dirty and dusty."

"No, not at all." he replied, attempting to sound nonchalant, but being betrayed by the slight break in his voice.

I stood up and undid the fly of my shorts and led them slide slowly down my long legs, pretending not to notice that he was watching me out of the corner of his eye. When I turned to stuff the shorts into my duffel bag, I made sure he got a good look at my backside in the white thong bikini bottom I had been wearing beneath my shorts. Then I sat back down, reclining the seat and stretching out with my feet resting on the dashboard. The seat cover was soft and fuzzy, making my skin tingle, and I squirmed around a bit, enjoying the sensation.

I closed my eyes as if I were dozing off, secretly watching him behind my mostly lowered eyelids. He was still trying to pretend he wasn't looking at me, but I could see his eyes traveling slowly over my body. I could see his eyes as he studied me, first my long disheveled chestnut hair, then they paused briefly at my pouty, pink-glossed lips before moving on to my breasts. His eyes lingered there for a long time, and I could feel my nipples harden under his gaze. Would he reach over and touch them? I could almost feel the heat of his hand. I silently begged him to touch me, my nipples so hard they hurt. I knew he could see them poking through the thin fabric. The blood rushed down towards the apex of my thighs, causing a slow wetness to form there.

I could see the subtle movement of his chest rising and falling as he breathed. His scent, a mixture of after shave and clean male flesh, was intoxicating. The fuzzy seat cover beneath me caressed and tickled the sensitive skin of my thighs. I was breathing heavier now, feeling a hot blush spread over my whole body.

His eyes were moving again, down my belly, stopping to study the small jeweled ring that glimmered against my tanned skin. Imagining the feel of his tongue gently toying with that ring, a small shiver passed through me. I tried to hide my growing excitement. It was hard to keep my breathing steady and even. God, how I wanted this man to reach over and touch me.

As I watched his secretive gaze travel down my legs, I imagines his hands gliding down my thighs, squeezing, caressing, teasing. I thought if he reached over and so much as touched my shoulder I would have cum all over his fuzzy seat cover.

I shifted in my seat a bit, allowing my thighs to part slightly. My hand seeming to casually slid down my side and came to rest on my inner thigh. I saw his eyes dart back up, fixating on my hand. He wanted me, wanted to touch me. I could tell by the look on his face. He squirmed in his seat a little and I thought I saw a suspicious bulge in his jeans.

"So," I suddenly began, still pretending to have my eyes closed. "What's your name?"

"Uh, Chris." he stammered, visibly flustered. "Uh, what's yours?"

"I'm Vivien. Nice to met you, Chris."

I held out a hand and he took it, shaking it briefly before dropping it like a hot potato. His hand felt hot and sweaty for the short moment that I held it. He must have noticed it as well, because he wiped his palm on the leg of his jeans before putting it back on the steering wheel.

"So, Chris, you been driving a truck long?"

"Long enough to hate it," he said with a grimace.

"Oh, it can't be that bad, can it?" I asked, opening my hazel eyes and giving him my best come-fuck-me look.

"Well, it has its advantages I guess," he answered, swallowing hard.

"Where are you from?" I asked, as I seemingly absent-mindedly hooked a finger under the thin white material of my bikini bottom, adjusting it more snuggly against my swollen lips.

He didn't answer. I looked over and saw his eyes were riveted to the clearly visible contours of my pussy under the damp white fabric. Sweat was glistening on his face and neck despite the coolness of the air conditioned cab. He noticed me looking at him and quickly turned his eyes back to the road. I suppressed a grin and closed my eyes again. 

The powerful diesel engine was vibrating the seat beneath me. My clit was on fire. I couldn't believe how bad I wanted to cum at this point. I shifted in my seat again, arching my back, trying to press that small, throbbing nub against the vibration. I sighed in frustration when my efforts brought me no closer to the stimulation I craved. It was becoming an itch I could no longer keep from scratching.

"Do you mind if I lay down in your bunk?" I asked him. "I really need to stretch my back out."

"Sure, of course," he answered, an edge of disappointment in his voice.

Oh, don't be disappointed, I thought, you ain't seen the last of me yet.

I slipped between the curtains that separated the bunk from the cab, pushing the curtain open just enough for him to see me through if he happened to look over his shoulder. There were two small skylights over the narrow bed, letting in plenty of sunlight to see by. I eased myself back onto the bed, stretching out on the cool, crisp sheets. My bathing suit was quickly shed and I was soon naked, unable to contain myself any longer.

My nipples were standing at rigid attention, and I teased my fingertips over them, biting my lip to stifle a moan. It felt so good. I let my hands run down my body, feeling my taught belly and the smooth curve of my hips. My thighs seem to part of their own accord, allowing my hand to slide between them. I slid a finger over my clit, which was wet and slippery with my desire. A jolt of pleasure shot through my body, making my nipples tingle as I gasped for air. 

I continued to slide my finger over my clit, faster and faster, my hips rising up off the mattress as my climax drew near. The closer I got to cuming, the wetter my clit became, intensifying the pleasure as I slid my fingertip back and forth, up and down, wanting to stimulate every nerve ending. My body was dancing on the very edge now, awaiting that one last stroke that would send it spiraling over into the abyss. I could barely breath, so close, so close now, oh please.

I reached down with my other hand and plunged a finger into the swollen, dripping opening of my cunt. That was all it took, and I cried out, my voice hoarse and desperate as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over me. My hips bucked violently as each shock of gratification rocketed through my body. So blinded by the force of my orgasm, I hardly noticed that the truck was swerving over to the side of the road and screeching to a halt.

As I came out of the pleasure induced haze I had brought upon myself, I noticed the curtains had been flung open and Chris was standing there looking at me. His chest was heaving, his shirt soaked with sweat. I could see his hard cock outlined through his jeans. I sat up, looking up at him with eyes still glazed by desire.

"Come here," I told him.

He stumbled over to the side of the bunk and I grabbed him by his belt loops and buried my face in his groin. I could smell him, his musky scent, even though the denim. Quickly undoing his fly, I released him from the confines of his jeans. When I wrapped my fingers around the thick shaft, he groaned and grabbed on to the wall, his knees almost giving out on him. I slid him into my mouth, slowly at first, then going down on him harder and faster.

"Oh, God," he cried out. "Oh, my fucking God."

This time his knees did give out, tumbling him down onto the bed with me. I quickly had him positioned on his back, frantically pulling his clothes from his body. I resumed my oral attack on his throbbing cock, his soft sighs of pleasure bringing my pussy back to a state of dripping wet arousal. I ran my tongue around the velvety purple head a few times and his wordless groans took on a fever-pitched desperation. His hands were stroking my hair, urging me to take him in deeper, faster, to suck him harder.

"I'm gonna come," he panted. "Oh, please don't stop please don't stop, please don't stop. Oh, God, yeah, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come. Oh, my fucking God, please don't stop, I'm gonna come."

His body tensed, trembling, motionless for one long intense moment. The I felt it, his cock swelling, then bursting against my tongue, his body completely letting go. He groaned hard, louder and louder, his voice filling the small bunk area. His body tensed and released over and over again convulsively, as an endless flood of cum pulsed out of his cock and down my throat. I swallowed, gulping down every lost drop he had to give. He finally sank back into the mattress, the occasional muscle twitch still rocking his body.

"Oh, fuck," he gasped, struggling to catch his breath.

He turned his head to look at me and I smiled at him. He smiled back, looking embarrassed by what he had just done. The shy schoolboy smile only served to increase my lust. I was so wet, wanted him so bad, wanted to bury that shy smile in my cunt. He, however, seemed oblivious to my plight. 

He stood up and began to dress. I leaned back, letting my thighs fall apart, exposing my pussy, with its hard, protruding clit. I began to touch my body, telling him wordlessly what I wanted from him. My hands wandered up to my breasts, bringing his attention to the taught pink nipples that I wanted him to touch so badly.

"Please," I whispered, my turn to beg.

He dropped to his knees beside the bed and pulled me towards him. As he lowered his head, I held my breath in anticipation. His tongue sliding over my nipple was exquisite. Soft and warm and wet, the delicate texture teased the hard peak until I could barely breath. I imagined that wet flickering tongue fluttering over my clit. His mouth moved to my other breast and that nipple was also given his careful attention. I didn't know how much more I could take. My nipples were so hard and swollen that every feather-light stroke of his tongue sent shivers of pleasure shooting through my body straight to my throbbing clit.

"Go down," I whispered.

He obeyed immediately. His lips and tongue teased their way down my body. I shivered in ecstasy as his tongue slid across my navel, twisting the small metal ring nestled in the sensitive flesh. Feeling my reaction, he paused there, flickering his tongue around the rim of the small oval indentation until I giggled from the slight tickling sensation. But now I wanted his tongue lower, I couldn't wait any longer.

"Please, down," I moaned.

I spread my thighs as wide as I could, my pussy lips opening for him, exposing the glistening wet little nub that was begging for his attention. I could feel his hot breath on it now, making it tingle and swell even more. My pussy felt so swollen and engorged that I thought I might explode if he didn't make me come soon.

His tongue suddenly darted out and flicked across the very tip of my clit. I cried out at the intensity of the unexpected sensation. He began lashing it full force, the wet, slippery tip of his tongue flickering up and down and back and forth at lightening speed. I thrust my hips up, desperate now. I could feel my orgasm approaching, the pressure building and building. 

"Mmmmm, that feels so good." I moaned. "I'm so close, I wanna come so bad,"

I buried my fingers in his hair, pulling his face in closer. His tongue continued to dance across that magic spot, finally sending me over the edge.

"Oh, God, don't stop, I'm coming," I whimpered.

I screamed out in ecstasy as my juices flowed, my hips jumping up off the bed, my body twisting and writing on the damp sheets. The sensation pulsed through me again and again, my clit throbbing and tingling as his tongue sent me into ever increasing waves of pleasure. Finally, when I didn't think I could take anymore, he drew back, allowing me to sink back down into the mattress and catch my breath.

When I finally opened my eyes, I could see him kneeling between my legs, his cock jutting from his groin. He leaned over me and I could feel the smooth swollen head pushing into my cunt. I was so wet and slippery that he slid in almost effortlessly, his eyes closing against the exquisite sensation as my silky smooth sheath closed around him.

He began to move, slowly at first, but then with quickening urgency. The thrusting of his hips fell into that primal, animal rhythm, signaling his imminent need for release. He bowed his head to kiss my breasts, sucking and licking my nipples until they, as well as my pussy, were once again throbbing, begging for more. The delicious friction he was creating inside me sent shivers up my spine. The heat from his cock was scorching me from the inside out, and I could tell he was on the verge of exploding. He was gritting his teeth now, his breath coming in short panting gasps.

He slammed a few more hard, quick thrusts into me and then I felt his cock spasm as his orgasm shuddered through him. He collapsed down onto me, his helpless moans muffled against my neck. His obvious pleasure, paired with the twitching and pulsing of his cock in my pussy sent me into another orgasm of my own. I felt my muscles contracting around him, milking him, pulling every ounce of pleasure from his body. Our voices mingled together, a breathless chorus of mutual gratification.

He finally rolled off of me, flopping down next to me on the mattress. We were both panting, trying to catch our breath, as the sweat cooled on our bodies. My eyes felt heavy, my body exhausted, and I found myself drifting off into a deep, satisfied sleep.

When I awoke, the truck was once again rolling down the highway. I could see Chris through the curtain, his attention focused on the road ahead. He must have heard me climbing out of the bunk because he glanced back at me over his shoulder and smiled.

"There's a truck stop up ahead," he told me as we passed a sign welcoming us to Baltimore. "I can drop you off there then I gotta deliver this load and head back."

A few minutes later we were pulling off the highway into a large parking lot full of trucks surrounding a small diner.

"Here you go," he said to me as the truck slowed down and finally stopped.

"Thanks for the ride" I said as I grabbed my bag and climbed out of the truck.

I watched him pull away, waving until he was out of sight, then I headed into the diner to find my next ride.