 This story follows "One Wild Night in Beverly Hills" which takes place in October.

All of the characters in this story are nineteen years of age or older. Most of them are well over twenty five. All are of the age of consent in the states of California and Nevada where this story takes place. 

As you will recall, my wife was killed in an automobile accident in January and over the summer I was re-introduced to a friend of my wife, Catherine. 

Catherine and I got married in September.

Before we got married, Catherine told me that I could continue to have sex with other women, provided that they satisfied her first.

You can read about those details of our unusual arrangement in "Nirvana! My Hot MILF Likes Pussy!"

****

There is no better way as a man to wake up on any morning than with a warm, wet mouth on your cock as a beautiful nude female sucks you to hardness and then completion in bed. 

On this New Years Day, my wife of just over three months decided to make my day by giving me a wakeup blowjob to start our first full calendar year together.

Men love to have their penis licked, kissed, sucked, nibbled on and otherwise caressed by the mouth, lips, tongue and throat of a female lover. 

You can put me at the top of the list or first in line for receiving head. 

Catherine loved to pleasure me this way.

It made her feel good to make me feel great.

Catherine usually came over to the dealership to have lunch with me at least twice and sometimes three times a week. 

After eating she and I would go into my office and she would scratch my itch. 

Or was it her itch?

As the old year came to an end the night before, we had made love more than a few times (did you read my story about Amanda?) and our combined dried juices still coated my cock. 

Catherine didn't mind, she just lowered her head and started in on me. 

She knew that she was my favorite at giving me head and each time she did it I validated her oral expertise.

Catherine knew that my favorite way to finish was to come into her throat, which was so fucking unbelievably pleasurable there were times I was almost afraid to come. So good it bordered on pain.

Notice I said "almost."

Giving me head was Catherine's way of thanking me for being her best friend, her sole lover and her faithful husband.

She knew I made her dreams come true. 

And God bless her, she made mine come true too.

She was bearing our child, my first, a son.

And, she not only did she let me have sex with other women, she went out and found fresh pussy for me to enjoy.

When I finished coming into her mouth, she slowly licked me, cleaning me, and said with a smile "That should keep you for a few hours but just wait until tonight. You know how I love to fuck in hotel rooms!"

What a wife. What a life. 

****

Our family trip on January first to Scottsdale, Arizona gave me plenty of time to reflect back on the year just passed and to relax. 

After arriving from Los Angeles we watched the Rose Bowl game and enjoyed dinner at the Roaring Fork restaurant. 

The girls were tired from the drive and after we played a quick board game, they went to bed early.

Marie and Natalie were living a new life since we got married. 

For years they were pretty much homebound and now, with Catherine no longer working nights and weekends, their lives were much more fulfilled. 

We took them places and did things with and for them that they never had a chance to do before. 

On the drive over we talked about how school was going and both Marie and Natalie thought that our hosting their school dances was a big turning point. 

Apparently the kids at their schools liked it to, so on the way over we discussed doing something around Valentine's Day. 

Maybe not a dance but a fun night with games and stuff. 

We all agreed to think about it and come up with a plan before we headed back to Los Angeles. 

****

Catherine and I celebrated the New Year with another night of sex in our hotel suite. 

She had warned me that being pregnant would make her very horny and she was right. 

Catherine had always liked to have sex but my cock experienced something indescribably different since she shared with me the good news of her pregnancy. 

Her pussy felt slicker, tighter, warmer and wetter than before.

Her lower lips were puffier, more sensitive to the touch of my fingers and my tongue. 

She came twice as I licked her furry spread lower lips, painted her engorged clit with my hard tongue and I had one finger probing her ass and another hooked inside her rubbing her soft g spot pad.

Catherine was rubbing her breasts and pulling on both her nipples as she humped my face. 

I got up to wash my face and she laid there with half lidded eyes, smiling, waiting for round two. 

She rolled over on her tummy and got up on her knees, head down, getting ready for my return. 

Her fingers continued to play with her pussy. 

She was almost insatiable. 

As I entered her for the first time that night after licking her to readiness, I groaned in pleasure, matching her sentiment. 

Catherine's already large breasts were starting to change for the baby. Her large very suck able pink areoles and nipples had darkened and thickened and her breasts felt larger and firmer to my touch.

She had always loved my cock but I could sense her almost craving it now.

I was hoping to avoid middle of the night trips to the supermarket for pickles and ice cream. 

Catherine loved it when we had sex in different positions but her favorite was doggy.

Although she would never admit it to anyone but me, Catherine was submissive. 

She loved doing my bidding. 

Serving me. 

Satisfying me. 

Pleasuring me. 

As long as I was pleasant about it, she would do anything I asked her to do. 

Sexually. 

And otherwise. 

She knew I loved her and our bond of trust was unbreakable. I treated her as my queen. 

Catherine loved being head down, ass up, on her knees, with her toned tanned thighs spread, offering me her pussy and her rosebud to choose from. 

She often silently pointed me to the hole she wanted me in by leaving a tube of Astroglide by her feet. 

Since out night out on Lake Mead I had an open invitation to fuck her ass and I did, often.

She loved that I controlled her movements with my hands on her hips and that I varied the depth and speed of my thrusts until she was on the brink and then I slowed down, teasing her and making her beg for me to let her come.

I know she wanted to reach under and rub her clit and my balls but I forbid it, making her wait for her pleasurable reward to arrive solely via my hard thrusting cock.

When she came Catherine shook, groaned and gushed. So much so that we started putting towels on the sheets so there wouldn't be a wet spot.

I made sure my wife came first, always. 

We often came together but I was into pleasing her and she was into pleasing me. 

That worked for both of us.

After I deposited my seed deep into her, she'd collapse on the bed. I'd roll her over and we'd kiss, my hand snaking across her growing belly to her short haired trimmed pussy and I'd massage her clit to a second orgasm.

We'd fall asleep, my arms enveloping her. 

Catherine no longer slept nude.

Her favorite thing to do was fall asleep in one of my large tee shirts.

She said she liked my scent. 

The shirt went down and covered about half her ass and was perfect for me to snuggle up to her, my cock filling her crack nicely.

I'd bury my face into her hair and my hands moved to her orbs, feeling their heft through the cloth.

In a few minutes my right hand often moved south to cover, to protect, her swelling womb. 

I pulled the shirt up so I could feel her skin. 

Catherine responded by pushing her ass against me and saying "I love you Jack."

Often in the night I would wake to the feeling of her licking and kissing and sucking my cock. 

Catherine worshiped my cock and would slowly and deliberately suck me to completion at least once a night. 

I continued to wake at 5:30am and most mornings Catherine was still sound asleep. 

Getting out of bed quietly I would get dressed and head to the gym, returning about 90 minutes later with coffee for my bride and hot chocolate for my two daughters.

In the mornings if Catherine was up to it, we'd head out for the day, visiting many of the attractions around the Valley of the Sun.

Life on vacation was nice but that wasn't the real world. 

The last four months of the year had been fun, hectic and bizarre. 

I'd sentenced my father in law Tom into what I called "employment Siberia," putting him on the road each week so his adulterous affairs wouldn't be exposed to his wife, daughter and granddaughters. 

Although I knew his wife knew he was fooling around his daughter didn't and neither did his granddaughters and I intended to keep it that way. 

Believe me, he was still fucking at least a couple of gals each week on his trips. Bar maids, hookers, women he picked up on dating sites and places like Craigslist and Tinder. My PI (private investigator) tracked every move Tom made online and on the ground because Tom was using company electronics.

On one hand I was envious, what guy wouldn't want to wet his dipstick into fresh pussy four nights a week?

On the other hand he was being dishonest about what he was doing behind his wife's back.

Was I facilitating his affairs by giving him a paycheck and a travel budget? Yes, but only to protect my new family. 

I also knew that Tom was fucking women on the weekends at the house because his wife Isabella was still in residence at the Betty Ford Center and he thought I wouldn't notice. 

What Tom didn't know was that there were video cameras throughout the house. When Tom blew his nose, I saw it and heard it. 

This was in violation of our agreement to stay outside of a 100 mile radius but I didn't want to pull the trigger on my father in laws fun just yet.

But I would. Like Mel Gibson in The Patriot. Soon. Very soon.

I had to get Isabella's health issues addressed first.

I was also concerned about my wife and her daughters having to deal with too much change at one time. 

Let's just say I had a lot of hours ready of tape of Tom and his various lady friends for viewing on a pay per view website. 

I had coffee with one of Tom's first travel companions, Lorraine, my real estate broker. 

We met at a Starbucks that was generally pretty quiet after the lunch rush. 

It was a nice day so we sat outside on the patio and had a talk. 

I confronted her, diplomatically, that I knew about her affair with my father in law. 

I waited for her to get to asking me what she thought she ought to do.

Or, better yet, telling me what she was going to do. 

Lorraine hemmed and hawed and never got around to the topic. 

When she took a sip of her now lukewarm coffee, I suggested that she should strongly consider ending the affair with my father in law if she wanted to do any more business with me.

That got her attention. 

Lorraine and I had liked each other for many years, and had been attracted to one another since our first meeting and we finally made it into bed one night in the summer right after I had met (or rather had been reintroduced) to Catherine. 

That was in the story "The Second Time is Twice as Nice."

Since then, and even before that, I had steered a lot of work her way.

Lorraine made a lot of money on real estate commissions as a result of my deals. 

I am sure I was her largest client in terms of dollar volume. 

And I made some introductions to her where she profited. 

She had been at my 35th birthday party, running around the adult pool topless in Las Vegas with a tiny thong splitting those firm butt cheeks of hers. 

Lorraine still had a great figure for someone in her mid forties. 

Those tan lines really set her off and she had a lot of men (and women) watching her that afternoon.

Of all my all time favorite memories of the one night I spent with Lorraine in my cottage was the sight of my cock disappearing into her rosebud between her tanned and toned cheeks. 

Once I was in her, balls deep, she started bucking like a bronco as I rammed her with varying force and depth until she shook under my pounding, resulting in her first anal orgasm. 

That first one followed a few minutes later with her second orgasm and then I flooded her bowels with a load of hot cum as I climaxed thrusting as deep as I could go in that back passage. 

If I hadn't been in a hurry to get back to be with Catherine and her family in Canada I would have spent another night or more with her. 

She was older than me by close to ten years but she was attractive and open to whatever I had in mind, sexually. 

I liked her a lot. I respected her. Lorraine did a great job for me. 

Less than three months after my Las Vegas birthday party I saw her on video sucking my father in laws rather large cock at the Hyatt on Fisherman's Wharf. 

She looked better that afternoon in the San Francisco hotel room than she had in Las Vegas. 

And she looked fucking hot in Vegas.

I didn't think she was a bad person for doing what she did. 

Lorraine was lonely and craved the attention of a man. She also thought that by being on the good side of Tom she would further cement her relationship with me.

Lorraine had the same issue many women have. They just couldn't find a good man to be with so instead they settled. That meant sleeping with married men. 

If I had given her the smallest sign I was open to fucking her, she would have gotten down on her knees out on that patio, opened my slacks and blown me. 

But I didn't. 

I had an arrangement with Catherine ... which got me thinking, did Lorraine like to lick? 

This was food for thought. I'd pursue it later.

My mind drifted for a minute as I visualized Lorraine on her knees eating Catherine while I once again probed Lorraine's very tight ass with my erection. 

"Jack, are you listening to me? Jack?"

It was Lorraine. She had noticed where my mind went because I had a dazed look while my eyes while staring at her cleavage and ample chest.

I smiled and said "You caught me. I'm sorry."

She smiled back and said 'I'm very glad to know you still find me attractive."

Lorraine ended her affair with Tom as soon as our afternoon coffee was over and I destroyed all the video I had of the two of them. 

Lorraine never knew I had her on tape.

I told Lorraine I would find a good man for her. Just to be patient. 

I said I would find one that wasn't married and she laughed.

She replied that I needed to hurry because she was getting tired of her dildo. 

Which gave me another idea for a website; more on that later. 

That same day I had a female attorney I know visit Heather, the young lady of twenty one years of age at the gym who was fucking Tom on a regular basis. The goal of the unscheduled meeting was to make her aware of what she was really getting into and for her to end her affair with Tom.

Heather expressed some 'attitude' until the attorney pulled out some large glossy photos of Heather, in my house, nude, being fucked by Tom in every hole. Some of the shots were in the bedroom, some were in the hot tub and some were in the cottage. 

There was no doubt it was Heather. 

Funny how quickly an unmistakable photo of your face with a married man sticking his hard dick up your ass will change your attitude. 

Heather quickly hit rock bottom when she was informed that not only was Tom married, there were hours of video of her getting fucked just waiting to hit the internet or the permanent delete file. 

And that the decision was solely up to Heather.

Plus, from a criminal perspective Heather was trespassing and could be accused of unlawful entry into my home. 

My attorney asked Heather politely if she knew any criminal defense attorneys because she would need one very soon if she didn't cooperate. 

Heather ended the affair via text and phone call as my attorney stood next to her.

To avoid seeing Tom, she resigned and went to work at another gym. 

Apparently Heather did not know Tom was married. She thought he was a local single wealthy guy with time to kill and money to burn. In exchange for her young, fresh, hot and very tight pussy. And ass. And mouth. 

My PI (Private Investigator) found out which gym Heather went to work for and left a box for her. 

Inside of it was a hand written note signed from "Tom's wife" (written by one of my female attorneys) thanking her for ending her relationship with Tom, and $5000 in cash for doing the right thing. And telling Heather the tapes had been destroyed. Which they were. 

A month later I called Heather out of the blue and asked her if she was interested in a full time position at my dealership putting together a fitness program for the employees and running it.

I had Catherine interview her first and then I was able to sell her on the job and she started shortly thereafter. 

I knew she was a good person, just misguided by Tom. 

As for Isabella, I reduced her paycheck to the minimum wage to keep her on the payroll and was able to find a better add on insurance plan for her which the company paid for. 

The difference between her old salary and the minimum wage helped us to pay her very expensive healthcare costs at the Betty Ford Center.

The pay per view website money helped too. I made sure that there was plenty of video to dole out to keep our subscribers happy and paying. 

I asked Cynthia, the CFO at my former client, to be the financial leader of all my companies and I terminated all the board responsibilities that I had entrusted in Isabella.

Tom was now an overpaid employee nearing retirement on weeklong vacations and Isabella was a minimum wage earner with great health insurance. 

How would it all end? Who knew.

I did know one thing; I was going to protect my wife, the girls and my businesses. 

As I sat in a chair at the pool while Marie and Natalie were splashing around and swimming, I thought about the weekend in the fall that Catherine and I had with Dorrie in Beverly Hills and Las Vegas.

****

My new bride Catherine and I, along with Dorrie, who had spent Friday night with us at The Montage in Beverly Hills, departed from Santa Monica Airport at 12 noon on Saturday and we arrived in Las Vegas on a private jet at 1:15pm.

Dorrie wanted to be one of my princesses and so my wife, ever so kind and thoughtful, and so willing to please me, facilitated our weekend together.

Dorrie was a young bride and a young mother of 24.

Catherine made it clear to Dorrie what she was getting into: that I would take her in all three holes, repeatedly, over the weekend, and if we, as a married couple, decided to pursue things, that going forward I would expect the same level of willingness from Dorrie for me to cum in her mouth, her pussy, her ass and on her, plus whatever else I wanted her to do. 

Dorrie agreed.

Catherine gave me her blessing to fuck Dorrie after Dorrie, in her inaugural effort as a pussy eater, passed the taste test (pun intended) bringing Catherine to three orgasms on Friday afternoon at The Montage in Beverly Hills, using only her mouth to pleasure my new bride. 

Catherine excitedly told me that each orgasm was better as Dorrie improved her pussy licking skills. 

She asked "With a little training and experience I'll get wet just waiting for her to eat me."

At dinner at Mastros, I slipped into Catherine's champagne flute a crushed up sleeping pill to insure she got a good nights sleep. That's what thoughtful husbands do, right?

Dorrie got a smaller ground up No Doze in her flute to help keep her awake. 
