 After a long day at work, she had stripped down and changed into her running gear. It always felt good to go for a quick run after work to de-stress. Out the door she went, heading for her regular running route. Her feet were tapping out a rhythm as she padded along the road. She came to a turn-off and started along a footpath that led into the woods. Quickly her strides led her to the hills above her neighborhood.

Ahead and to the right, she could see the backyard of a house with a large pool. A couple was making out on the lanai. The action piqued her interest. She slowed down as she drew near. It was time to be quiet. Creeping slowly she wanted a closer look, she moved to the gate and peeked over. The woman was facing away, and all that could be seen of her was that she had brown hair hanging about mid-way down her back. She saw the man pull the woman to her feet and into an embrace as he kissed her deeply.

As the couple continued to kiss, they began to undress each other, seemingly unaware that they were being watched. At almost six feet tall, the man stood about four or five inches taller than the woman. She continued to watch, growing more excited as she did so. As she continued to watch she thought the woman seemed to look somehow familiar. Watching them kiss and caress was making her hot. Her hand pushed down into her shorts. She was dripping wet. Was voyeurism that big of a turn on for her?

The man had continued to undress his partner. Her naked body was exposed in the orange glow of the setting sun. She had pert firm breast displayed proudly. The man turned her around and was kissing her neck. As she watched the couple, realization dawned on her that the woman bore a strong resemblance to herself. The man's hands and lips continued to explore the woman. It was at this point that the man locked eyes with their voyeur. His blue eyes looked into hers, and instantly she was no longer watching the action she was in on the action. The woman didn't just look like here, it was her, and now she could feel the man's hands, lips and body touching hers.

His hands massaged her tits as he kissed her neck. She seemed to melt into him; his presence was almost hypnotic to her. Her head tilted back, and their lips met. She could feel his hardness poking her. One of his hands massaged her breasts and nipples his other hand slid down and caressed her hot pussy. His fingers slipped between her lips; her wetness coated the probing digits. She was feeling a euphoric bliss. Her nerves were tingling, and pleasure was coursing through her. 

He pushed her gently to her knees, and she could see his semi-erect cock was in her face. Slowly she put her lips to the head. Her tongue flicked out and began to lick the shaft. Then her lips engulfed him. She wanted to be in control and with his cock in her mouth, she had that control. She began to move her head back and forth taking the hot meat deeper into her mouth and then her throat. Though her mouth was stuffed full, she was smiling because of the power it gave her, the control she held. She was alternating between sucking and licking and deep throating him. She wanted to make him cum. She wanted the control it would give her. She continued working in his erection. He was getting closer and closer to climax. As he started to cum, she clamped down with full suction as his juices flooded her mouth. She swallowed as rapidly as she could, not letting a drop escape her lips. 

The man pulled her to her feet, and then effortlessly lifted her onto the table. Kneeling between her legs, he was looking at her; she could feel his excited breath through the narrow strip of hair above her pussy. He could see the moisture clinging to her nether lips. He blew gently and her petals on a flower her lips slowly parted. She could smell her own scent. It was making her more excited. He stopped to inhale and seemed to be intoxicated by her musk. He lowered his mouth and kissed her. His tongue darted out and began to lap at her pussy. He was licking up her cream as it flowed out of her. His tongue found her clit and flicked across it. A shudder ran through her body as the nerves at her very core were stimulated. He tried to plunge his tongue as deep into her cunt as was possible. He was enjoying her movements and making her feel good. 

She could feel waves of pleasure as he ate her out. His assault on her pussy intensified. He was all over. Her breath was coming in sharp, rapid succession. He would suck one lip into his mouth and tease it with his tongue, and then he would repeat the same action with the other side. He traced along her inner folds tasting her as he did so. Then his fingers were added, and new pleasure shot through her body. He began to explore her with first, one then two fingers. He probed her hungry pussy. Her juices were running down the crack of her ass. He added a third finger and began thrusting in and out of her. Wet squishy sounds filled the air. Now, not only could she see, feel her excitement, she could hear it too. His tongue continued its exploration, and his fingers were working her hot wet pussy. He pulled one finger out of her cunt and like a hungry mouth it tried to suck the finger back in. 

He put his finger the little brown pucker of her ass. He pushed the wet finger into her. This was something new to her, but she felt good. He pushed into her deeper she couldn't believe that just the finger in her ass was giving her so much pleasure. He added a second finger and pushed in. He began to see-saw in and out. The flow of pussy cream helped to lubricate his fingers as they probed her asshole. She felt so full, and as the fingers and tongue drove her higher and higher into a sexual frenzy, she was getting close to a powerful hard cum. All the stimulation was pushing her over the edge. Her thighs snapped closed, locking his head and hand between her legs. He continued licking, sucking and finger fucking her pussy and ass as she came all over his face. She was bucking her hips as her orgasm washed over her.

Before she knew what was happening he was between her legs he pressed his hard cock into her. She was so wet that he slid in easily. He began to thrust in and out of her. She was using her pussy muscles to squeeze and hold onto his hard cock. In and out he plunged. Wrapping her arms around him, she pulled him into her. He was driving her crazy. She could hear the sounds of their coupling. Wet sounds filled the night. They were both breathing rapidly. He lifted her leg up over his shoulder and flipped her over. He never left the warm wetness of her dripping pussy. He started thrusting in and out of her. 

She was sprawled out face down on the table as he fucked her from behind. She could feel him pushing deep into her. Then he wet his finger with juices from their coupling. As he pounded her pussy, he began to fuck her ass with his thumb. The feeling of fullness was turning her on. Her asshole was clutching at his probing thumb. He continued his relentless assault. She could feel that she was close to cumming again. Harder and faster he drove into her. His thumb continued to push in and out of her ass. Then it was upon her. The orgasm hit her starting in her pussy and ass then radiating out from there. In short order, it had washed over her entire body. She collapsed onto the table. 

As she was beginning to catch her breath, she felt him pull out of her; his cock was dripping with her juices. Before she knew what was happening, she felt him put the head of his cock against her puckered back hole. She felt a little hesitant as she realized that he was going to take her ass. Slowly he pushed into her. He stopped as the head passed through her anal ring and he let her adjust to his presence. Then he pushed deeper into her. She was enjoying her first time of anal sex. The feeling of being full was a new experience. He continued to push deeper into her. Then he was buried to the hilt. He started to pull out and then just before the head of his cock popped free; he pushed back in. Surprisingly there was no pain, only a growing pleasure as he began to increase his speed in and out. He reached out and began to fondle her tits. As he did that, she reached down between her legs and began to massage her clit alternating to fingering her pussy. With her fingers in her pussy, she could feel his cock through the sheer flesh that separated her hot cunt and currently stuffed ass. He was slamming into her harder and faster. She was getting closer, and she could tell that he was too. His pace quickened, and she could feel him erupt inside her. Her orgasm washed over her she collapsed on the table again. He pulled out of her stepped back.

Slowly she opened her eyes and looked around. She could see down the hill and see the woman face down on the table. How could that be? She knew that she had been there. As she stood to walk away, she could feel juices oozing out of her. She reached into her shorts, and she could feel that fluid was oozing out of her ass and her cunt cream was flooding her panties. As she walked home and could feel the mixed fluids, she smiled deliriously as the memory of the encounter flowed through her mind. But a nagging little thought was pushing through... how was it all possible?