 INTRODUCTION

Erica Crane was in the volunteer office making last minute preparations to recruit another corporate executive for their cause. She was a very attractive woman of 36 years and had a lovely figure. Erica had short brown curly hair and deep brown eyes. At 5'6" and 115 pounds she carried her slender 32-26-34 figure elegantly. This day she was wearing a very conservative sack dress that went down to her ankles. It hid her curves but she still looked very alluring. 

It was a beastly hot summer day so she opted not to wear hose. Her legs were well tanned as was the rest of her body except for the tan lines from wearing a bikini. She also passed on wearing a bra for her 32 A cup breasts. Erica also wore flats instead of heels that day. Hoop earrings hung from her ears making her outfit look very tropical.

"Where are you off to today?" her colleague Dawn asked.

"I have a meeting with Bradley Thomas. I'm going to ask him to volunteer and join our cause."

"Be careful, he is the city's most eligible bachelor and I hear he has a way with women."

"Dawn, you know that I am married. I'm not worried about that."

"I hear he has a few married women in his stable including his knockout administrative assistant."

"I'm sure that he is a hunk but I'm not a candidate for his harem."

Dawn and Erica both laughed and Erica said, "Wish me well."

"Yeah, good luck."

Erica left the building and went to her car in the parking lot. She had about a 30 minute drive to the corporate office building. As she drove she thought about Dawn's warning and reflected on her one time affair. She was at a conference and she was swept off her feet by a very romantic handsome man. They made passionate love for the three nights they were at the conference. She was married to George at the time but she had thrown all caution to the wind.

When she returned home from her infidelity she felt guilty for several months. Still she could not forget how good her lover made her feel. Erica had things done to her that before she could only fantasize about. She wished George was a better lover and she always compared him to her one time fling. She had never cheated again even though many a man hit on her. 

The last few years of her marriage had become routine. They had moved to a condo to get away from the homeowner maintenance no more yard work or snow removal. George despised the work of a homeowner. He was an executive with a financial firm and they were well off. They joined a country club and George played golf most weekends during the season. He was not interested in exercising and had become portly and out of shape. Erica spent most of her time at the club pool with the other wives. Boredom had set in and she decided to due volunteer work.

The organization for which she volunteered recruited corporate executives to help mentor up and coming underprivileged students. The students were exposed to the success of the executives and their lifestyles. Activities included tours of company facilities, shadowing an executive through a daily routine and exposure to some of the amenities that executives and their families enjoyed. It was a way of educating the less fortunate about successful lifestyles one that could be achieved through hard work and commitment.

THE MEETING

Erica arrived at the corporate building and she was escorted to Bradley Thomas' office but his administrative assistant. The knockout brunette had introduced herself as Donni Sikes. As Erica followed the shapely bombshell she thought, "If Bradley is tapping that he certainly will not have any interest in me." Erica was actually relived that the woman was so drop dead gorgeous with an incredible body. Erica could not help but stare at Donni's shapely legs and perfect ass in the tight mini skirt.

"Here we are. Have a seat and I will let Brad know that you are here."

Erica took a seat in the lush reception area and checked out the décor. Donni's area was impeccably decorated and it looked more like an executive's work place than an assistant's. Erica picked up a magazine and thumbed through it while she waited.

Donni had entered Bradley's office. "Erica Crane is here."

"Okay thanks, what is she like?"

"She is very nice, slender and pretty. I think that you will like her."

"I don't know about this volunteer stuff but I will hear what she has to say. Bring her in please."

"You may like her and try to seduce her," Donni teased.

"Jealous?"

"Never, I get plenty if you," Donni replied and wiggled her ass at her boss as she left his office.

Donni was right she did get plenty of Brad. They occasionally had sex in the office but Tuesday night was their time together. Her husband bowled on Tuesdays evenings so Donni spent the evening with Brad at his place. They would have passionate sex and soak in his Jacuzzi between sessions. Brad loved having sex with Donni especially anal sex because she had such a fabulous ass. However he was a great lover and she always left sexually sated.

Donni brought Erica into the office and introduced her to Brad. "I'm pleased to meet you Mr. Thomas."

"Nice to meet you too Erica but please call me Brad. Would you like something to drink, water, coffee or tea?"

"Not right now thank you, maybe later."

He invited her to sit in a love seat that had two chairs on either side of it. The office was exquisite with end tables, coffee table and comfortable furniture. There was also a small conference table and four chairs. She was very impressed with the surroundings.

Brad closed his office door and sat in an upholstered chair across from Erica. "So what can you tell me about your organization?"

Erica handed Brad a brochure and explained what the organization, how it was founded, successes to date and why they continued to recruit executives to volunteer their time. Brad liked the organization mainly because he had come from nothing and had worked hard to get to where he was in business. He studied Erica s she talked and the more time he spent with her the more he liked her. 

Brad was curious as to what kind of body was under that sack dress. He wished that she had worn something shapelier. Still his interest peaked and he decided to put the moves on her. He steered the conversation toward her personal life and asked about her husband and their interests. Erica was caught off guard by his questions but they seemed innocent enough.

At one point Brad stood up and hung up his suit jacket. She noticed his snug tailored dress shirt that outlined his muscular upper body. She became more aware of how handsome he was and she understood why women would be attracted to him. At 6'3" tall he could be an imposing figure and definitely a chick magnet.

"I'm going to have some coffee. Can I get you something? We have some great coffees and teas."

"I'll have tea if you don't mind."

"Tea it is." 

Bradley opened the office door and asked Donni to bring in coffee and tea. "Use that special blend," he instructed.

Donni smiled and go the tea and coffee. The special blend of tea would be spiced with a libido stimulant. Donni knew that Erica might be in for a long afternoon. She brought the drinks in and then closed the office door behind her. Brad sipped his coffee as Erica sampled the tea.

"How is the tea?"

"Delicious, I'll have to get the name on the way out later."

They continued their conversation and as they did, Erica felt the effects of the stimulant. She was very relaxed but at the same time she felt very amorous. Brad allowed the stimulant to do its job before he made his move. Satisfied that Erica was ripe for the taking he moved over to where she was seated on the love seat. She was surprised but she did not overreact. 

THE SECUCTION

Brad sat next to her on the love seat and stared into her eyes making Erica feel a bit uncomfortable. "Is anything wrong?" she asked nervously.

"Wrong, nothing is wrong. You are very beautiful but I'm sure that you know that."

"Thank you!" Erica blushed from the compliment and felt her body tingle slightly. A closer look at Brad and she affirmed how truly handsome he was.

Brad took her bare arm in his hands and caressed her smooth skin. "You have lovely skin, so smooth."

Goose bumps appeared quickly and then disappeared as she adjusted to the caresses. He spent a seemingly long time rubbing her arm and complimenting her on her lovely skin. He moved closer and Erica could feel his breath near her neck. She was nervous again but her body seemed unwilling to move away from him. He leaned in and kissed her on her neck while he continued to caress her arm.

"I don't think we should be doing this. I am a married woman."

Brad ignored her and continued to place light kisses on her neck. He held her arm firmly now so that she could not pull away. Then his tongue darted into her ear sending chills through her body. She turned her head to protest again but she never got the chance as he covered her lips with his. He kissed her passionately and caught her totally by surprise. Erica did not respond at first but he was such a wonderful kisser that she succumbed to his charms.

Erica and her husband had not kissed passionately in years. Oh they still kissed to greet each other and show affection once in awhile but not in their love making. The last time she had been kissed like this was at the conference the one time she strayed in her marriage. Brad wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply letting his tongue dance around in her mouth. Erica kissed him back and she reluctantly admitted to herself that it felt wonderful. She felt her libido kick in and that familiar tingle in her loins. Her desire was mounting and her pussy was on fire.

He sensed her state Brad broke the kiss and whispered, "Stand up Erica."

As if in a hypnotic state she stood up. She felt a little wobbly and she was breathing deeply. Brad took a hold if her skirt and raised it to her waist. Erica stood with her fists clenched as her body overrode her common sense. She knew she should put a stop to Brad's advances but he was making her feel so good.

"Erica, you have beautiful legs. You shouldn't keep them covered up with a dress like this. You should share them with the world to be admired."

Brad caressed her leg with one hand while holding the skirt with the other. "Erica, hold your skirt up for me."

Erica did as he asked and held her skirt to her waist. Brad continued to caress her legs from below the knee all the way up her thighs to her pubes. Erica was trembling now and struggling to keep her balance. Brad moved forward on the love seat and planted light kisses on her thighs. He could smell her sex and he was sure that her panties were wet by now. He touched her panty covered vulva sending a shock wave through Erica's body.

"Erica, your panties are very wet. I am going to take them off now."

Brad hooked his fingers in the waistband and slowly lowered her panties. Erica's mind was battling two voices. One was saying stop him and run away and the other was saying take my panties off. The panties were lowered all the way to her feet and one leg at a time she stepped out of them. Brad knew she was too far gone at this point and she was for the taking. He slipped his middle finger into her sopping wet vagina and diddled her clit with his thumb. Erica gasped and it felt like she had a mild orgasm. She was so hot now she needed him to put out the flames.

Brad continued to finger her and he quickly located her g-spot. How could he find it so fast so she wondered? Fingering her, he leaned in closer and let his tongue dance over her clit. That did it and Erica dropped her skirt to hold his head close to her pussy. She was breathing hard and then she cried out softly as she climaxed and gushed into his mouth. He kept licking her until she didn't think that she could stand up any longer. Sensing her state, Brad stood up and guided her over to the conference table.

He pushed her back so that she was lying on the table. He had fucked his assistant Donni on this same table many times. Brad unfastened his pants and pushed them with his underwear down to his knees. His impressive cock was hard and ready for action. Erica stared at the imposing member as she had never seen one as long and thick as his. He raised her skirt again and moved between her legs. Brad lined up his impressive tool with Erica's quivering twat and eased it in. He took his time and kept feeding her more and more of his cock as he fucked her slowly.

He pushed her dress up further baring her braless tits. He fondled the small firm breasts in his hands and complimented her on them. "You the cutest titties and the neatest, hardest little nubs," he said as he rolled her nipples in his fingers. 

Erica was beside herself as she felt her cunt being methodically stretched to accommodate his length and girth. There was no pain but Erica had never felt fuller in her life. Brad continued to fuck her slowly and soon had the entire length buried in her pussy. He made sure to keep his cock in constant contact with her clit and kept her in a constant state of arousal. Erica was thrashing all over the table having multiple orgasms. She had cum so hard and so many times that she was afraid that she might pass out.

Brad continued to fuck her slowly as she recovered from her intense orgasms. He slipped his cock from her and she saw it glistening with her juices. Erica felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her opening and she could feel her cum trickle down between her thighs. 

Brad turned Erica around so that she was facing down on the table with her feet on the floor. He eased his still erect cock back into her pussy and fucked her with long deep strokes. Looking at her curvy ass he played with her buttocks as he drilled her from behind. Erica was getting turned on again as he fucked her and played with her. She was startled and her body went stiff when he inserted a well lubed finger in her asshole.

Erica thought to protest but thought better of it and after all it was just a finger. Brad continued to finger fuck her ass as he fucked her pussy. With his other hand he began to tease her clit and soon had her on the verge of another orgasm. Erica grunted and groaned as Brad fucked her with his big dick, tweaked her clit and reamed her asshole with his finger. She started bucking out of control while having her most intense orgasm ever. 

"You have a beautiful ass," Brad whispered. 

Brad felt his ball sac tighten and he knew he was close. In consideration of Eric he pulled out of her pussy and ejaculated all over her curvy buttocks. Erica felt the warm syrupy liquid land on her and coat her bottom. No one had ever cum on her before and it was kind of strange. However given the size of his load she was thankful that he didn't cum in her as that would have been messy. That was Brad's thinking too as he didn't want her to have to walk around with his load in her pussy.

"Stay there and I'll get some towels." He waddled over to his desk with his pants and underwear around his knees and got a roll of paper towels. 

He wiped off his cock first and then returned to Erica. He wiped the semen from her body making sure that he got it all. Brad pulled up his clothes and redressed as Erica got off the table. She spotted her panties on the love seat and put them back on.

"I don't know what to say. I don't know what came over me," she stammered.

"Say that you will see me again. Let's have lunch next week and I'll let you know my decision about the volunteer work."

"I guess so."

"Good, Donni will set it up."

Brad opened the office door and spoke to his assistant. "Donni, would you set up a lunch with Erica for next week."

Brad then turned toward Erica and held out his hand. "It was a pleasure to meet you today. I'll give the volunteer work some thought and let you know next week. Donni will escort you out. Thanks for stopping in today."

Erica was speechless. She just had the best sex in her life in his office and he was acting as it was a business meeting. He body still tingled but from her sexual satisfaction. Brad reentered his office and closed the door behind him. Donni gave Erica a date for lunch and then escorted her back to the lobby. Erica left the building in disbelief about what had transpired. As if in a trance she walked to her car in the parking lot and got in. She sat in for several minutes with her mind racing. The seduction had been so smooth and so erotic. She asked herself would she let Brad make love to her again and she knew the answer was yes.

Back in Brad's office Donni was with him. "How did it go?"

"She is very hot and she has a very cute body."

"Was she a good lover?"

"Not as good as you but she did okay. It was difficult for her to let go at first but then she got into it." 

"I knew that you were fucking her and I was getting hot. I played with my pussy thinking about you two."

"Did you cum?

"No and I need to," Donni admitted as she closed and locked the office door.

Donni pulled up her mini skirt and took off her panties. She looked very sexy in her thigh high hose with her skirt around her waist. She got on the conference table and spread her legs. Brad was on her in seconds and ate her through multiple orgasms before he dropped his pants and fucked her thoroughly. Once again Brad pulled out and ejaculated on Donni's body. That was rule they had in the office when they fucked. She did not want to contend with a load of cum in her pussy or her ass. When it was oral sex, she did swallow his load. Brad and Donni cleaned up with the paper towels, dressed and returned to work.

LUNCH AND MORE

A week after Erica's seduction she agreed to meet him for lunch at a renowned French restaurant. She had always wanted to eat there but her husband George refused to spend that much for lunch or dinner. He also wasn't in to any type of ethnic food except some Italian dishes mostly pasta. Erica drove to the restaurant and met Brad there at 11:00 AM. She looked stunning as she had dressed as he requested. She wore a tight fitting mini skirt that showed her gorgeous legs and curvy bottom. Her top was snug and her nipples poked at the material as once again she did not wear a bra.

She entered the restaurant and Brad was already there waiting for her. They were seated by the window and had a nice view of the city and river. The waiter greeted Brad in French and Brad returned the greeting in French. Brad ordered for both of them and a different waiter returned with a bottle of white wine. 

"You will like this. It comes directly from the Alsace region in France," Brad told her.

Brad sampled the wine and spoke in French to the waiter who then poured the wine in both glasses and placed the bottle in an ice bucket along side the table. Brad toasted Erica and she returned the toast. She sipped the wine and found it to be delicious. The first course an appetizer of escargots was brought out and Erica found them to be delicious as she ate them for the first time. 

"Dip the bread in the garlic butter, it's delicious," Brad suggested.

Erica did and she enjoyed it. The next course was Dover Sole and it was impeccably prepared. They ate slowly savoring the meal and drinking the wine. Two glasses were plenty for Erica and even then she felt a little light headed. The waiters made a big fuss over her and Brad and she loved the attention. Unbeknown to her the waiter's were discussing her beauty and the number of pretty women Brad had brought to their restaurant. The waiters sensed that she was another one of Brad's conquest and they envied him.

Brad continued to speak French with the waiters but he was polite and let Erica know he was saying and ordering. They finished the meal with Crème Brule and coffee. Over coffee Brad told Erica that he had decided to help out her organization as a volunteer and she was pleased. He paid the check and they left the restaurant. Brad suggested to Erica that they have an after dinner drink at his house. Erica agreed and she followed Brad to his place in her car. She was glad that she had not drunk more than two glasses of wine. Brad and Erica arrived at his home which was a small quaint house with a private backyard. He gave her a quick tour of the place and she liked it although it was clearly a bachelor pad. She particularly liked the three season room that had Jacuzzi and looked like a spa. The backyard was mostly a swimming pool with a waterfall and dense landscaping. 
