 Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyrighted 2005 with all rights expressly reserved by its author unless explicitly granted. 

Standard Disclaimer: This story contains sexually graphic and explicit material and as such it is not suitable for minors. If you are a minor, please leave now as it is illegal for you to be here. If it is illegal for you to read or view sexually explicit material in the community you view such material, please leave now. This story and characters are purely fictional and any resemblance to events or persons (living or dead) is purely coincidental. If you are offended by sexually explicit stories, please read no further. If you are offended by stories featuring group sex, bisexual situations, incest, sex between minors and adults, or any other situation, please check the story code before reading the text. These stories are just that, stories, and do not promote or condone the activities described herein, especially when it comes to unsafe sexual practices or sex between adults and minors. 

Copyright Chris Auld 2005. All rights reserved.

Synopsis: A long time casual friendship takes a surprising but welcome new direction at a party.

***

So here I am at a party with my wife and another 20-30 couples at your house. We have been there for a while and everybody is enjoying the plentiful wine. You come over and talk to me about the usual things - kids, the weather, how good I am looking tonight. Whoa! Where did that come from? Our conversations in the past had always been very 'correct'. So I do the only gentlemanly thing. I say "If I looked half as good as you, I'd be fighting off admirers all night." Your blue eyes sparkle as you whisper "Well who said you have to fight me off". And you turn and walk away with your hips swaying as your light summer cotton dress clings to your ample curves. As you thread your way across the room, your long, naturally wavy brown hair flows down your back to emphasize the cleft of your sweet bottom.

Stunned, I stand there for a few minutes while the rushing in my ears slows to a point that I can again hear what the people around me are saying. Half-heatedly joining in their conversation, I begin to wonder if I had imagined it. This doesn't happen to me every day. Having been married for over 20 years, I am not really used to anything other than gentle, social flirting with other women. This seemed way more direct than I could ever have expected, and, although my wife has told me that I am quite attractive to women, I long ago gave up thoughts of being a stud. Now you on the other hand are in your mid-40s and very cute. Much shorter than me (I am 6' 2" and you are maybe 5' 3") and very fluid in the way you walk and talk. You are definitely not skinny, thank goodness. Soft, and rounded without any bulges would describe your figure well. But what really sets you apart is the way you have of looking directly and deeply into my eyes with a hint of a smile playing across your lips while we talk. Very unnerving. I have often wondered what you were thinking. Now I don't know what to think at all.

I start to pour myself another glass of wine from an almost empty bottle, when I hear you say from behind me "Oh dear. It looks like we need some more wine from the cellar. Will you come and give me a hand?" Of course there is no way I can refuse, is there?

We go down to the basement and you bend down to read the labels on the wine bottles on the lowest rack. As you do so, your dress falls away at the front and I can clearly see your smallish, firm breasts unconfined by a bra. What a beautiful sight. I guess I am too engrossed in the view because you look up and catch me. "Do you like what you see?" you say, standing up. I can't tear my eyes away from your breasts. Your nipples are now clearly visible through the cotton. "I think that is the most beautiful sight I have seen in a very long time." I reply looking into those sparkling blue eyes. "Then you will really enjoy this as well." you say, turning your back to me and bending over as if to read the labels again. The cotton of your dress now falls deeply between the cheeks of your bottom. There is no hint of a panty line to be seen. 

Astonished, and with my heart beating loudly in my ears, I drink in the beauty of your shapely hips as they sway from side to side. Then, to my amazement, you back up into me and start to grind your bottom into my now hugely erect cock that is straining at my pants. Holding your hips in both hands, I press back at you. I slide a hand down one of your legs and then back up again until I am cupping a soft cheek through the cotton. Oh my god. What a feeling. Now I do the same with my other hand but this time up under your dress. With a deep groan you spread your legs further apart. I raise your dress over your hips exposing your soft, naked bottom and the flare of your hips as my hands slip between your thighs and my fingers slide into your already slippery wetness. As my fingers tease around your clit and slip into your depths, my thumbs gently circle and press your rosebud. Soon, with trembling hands I step back a little and unfasten my pants letting them fall to my feet. My boxers follow and my cock springs free fully erect with its thick head already glistening with pre-cum. I rest my cock along the crease of your bottom and feel the softness of your cheeks gripping along its length as your ass rises and falls. I bend my knees and let my cock slide between your legs so it glides along your sopping pussy lips. I feel one of your hands strumming your clit and the other pushing my cock into the tight entrance to your waiting pussy. "Do it. Do it" you hiss and thrust yourself backwards impaling my aching cock deep into your hot cunt. We stay fully joined for what seems an eternity but is probably only a few seconds. Then we fuck. And fuck. And fuck. You push yourself back against me with your arched back emphasizing the swell of your hips and the roundness of your wonderful ass. I lean forward and palm your firm breasts under your dress as your nipples dig into my palms. I thrust myself into you and pull out until only the tip of my cock is in you. And then thrust again, pull out, thrust again and again. My cock glistens with your juices and your engorged pussy lips alternately cling to my cock as I pull out, and compress as I thrust in.

This is just raw fucking. No finesse, just two people fucking. No thoughts about anything other than getting off. And of course we do just that – we get off. You stop moving and shudder while panting rapidly. I drive into you one more time and feel my balls empty themselves as I throw my head back and spurt deep into your pussy. We're sliding slowly against each other reveling in the dying sensations as we recover when, from behind us, we hear a voice say, "I only caught the last minute or two. Next time, you should wait for me." We look around to see my wife standing just inside the doorway leaning against the wall with one hand down the front of her loose summer pants; her fingers visibly moving while her other hand cups one of her generous breasts. 

But that is an entirely different story.