 Marty rang the doorbell at precisely two minutes before seven, still slightly out of breath from running up four flights of stairs as fast as his legs could carry him. Heavy traffic had slowed him down more than expected and he had made it to his date with Jessica with only two minutes to spare.

Not that he was a punctuality freak, but Jessica hated to wait (although she herself was rarely on time) and Marty knew that she had given several guys the boot for arriving late to a date with her.

When the door opened a few moments later, it wasn't Jessica who stood in the doorframe, but her roommate Beverly. "Hi, Marty," she greeted him, but somehow she didn't sound as cheerful as she usually did.

"Hi, Bev," he said as he walked through the door and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "What's up? You look kinda depressed."

"What's up?" she almost screamed at him, then lowered her voice before she continued. "My date skipped out on me, there's nothing but shit on the TV, my pussy's itching like crazy, and my vibrator's on the blink. That's up! And now you show up here and all you do is kiss my cheek!"

Uh-oh, Marty though and smiled uncomfortably. "Got a date with Jessica. Where is she?"

"Taking a shower," Beverly said, then suddenly smiled mischievously as a thought occurred to her. She grabbed the hem of her oversized T-shirt and pulled it over her head, exposing her stark naked body to Marty's bulging eyes. "You've got about 10 minutes to do with me whatever you want," she said sweetly as she tossed the T-shirt on the couch heedlessly.

Marty couldn't believe what he had just heard. "You're kidding, right?" he asked, although it was rather obvious that she wasn't.

Beverly ran her hand over his bulging crotch. "I'm serious," she purred and looked him in the eyes. "I'll go crazy if I don't get fucked right now. I might go out and rape some poor guy. Or shoot someone. Or maybe even shoot a whole bunch of people. There's just no telling what I might do. But in any case, it's gonna be horrible. You don't want that to happen, do you?"

"Of course not," Marty said quickly. "But I'm going out with Jessie! It wouldn't be right to . . . to . . ."

"To fuck me instead?" she finished the sentence for him. Before he had a chance to reply, she unzipped the fly of his jeans and reached inside.

"Bev!" Marty screamed in alarm. "What if Jessie comes in and sees us?"

Beverly had found his dick by then and pulled it out, stroking it expertly to get it fully hard. "She won't! She's taking a shower. Listen!"

"Bev, I can't! What if Jessie--"

"Be realistic," Beverly cut him off. "I can put my T-shirt back on, but you can't get your dick back into your pants. How would you explain that to her? As I see it, I'm your only chance to get rid of that hard-on before she shows up."

Marty thought things over for a moment and reached the same conclusion. "Bitch!" he whispered. "That's blackmail!"

"Damn right, that's exactly what it is," Beverly agreed, grinning from ear to ear. "You gonna fuck me now?"

"You won't tell Jessie?"

"Don't be silly, of course not!"

"Bend over!" he ordered harshly as he popped the button of his jeans and pushed them down together with his boxer shorts.

"Now we're getting somewhere!" Beverly cooed, still grinning, as she bent over the backrest of the couch and spread her legs.

Marty stepped up behind her and gave each of her ass cheeks a hard slap with his hand.

"Ouch!" she screamed. "What did you do that for?"

"That was for blackmailing me," he said calmly, then rammed his dick into her pussy to the hilt. "That better?"

"Yeah! Fuck me!"

Marty instantly settled into a hard and fast rhythm, intending to get them both off before Jessie would come out of the bathroom and walk in on them. Holding her hips with both hands, he pulled his dick out of her pussy almost entirely, then thrust forward again until his pelvis slammed into her ass cheeks and his balls swung forward and slapped against her belly.

Beverly held still in the beginning, but soon got so worked up that she jerked her hips back and forth in sync with his thrusts. Her labored breathing turned into moans, then suppressed screams as the first twinges of an intense orgasm spread out from her pussy. "Fuck me . . . harder!" she panted and looked back over her shoulder briefly. "I'm . . . coming!"

Marty rammed his dick into her quivering pussy as hard as he could until the erratic spasms of her pussy muscles set off his own climax. He slammed his dick into her to the hilt and held her jerking hips tightly while he pumped his cum into her pussy. They collapsed on the backrest of the couch and lay there until their orgasms subsided and some strength returned to their limbs.

"Feeling better now?" he panted as he pulled his dick out of her still quivering pussy.

"A lot better," she said, then sank down on her knees in front of him and licked their fuck juices off his dick and balls.

As it turned out, they had finished their quickie just in time. No sooner than Marty had pulled his jeans back up and Beverly had put her oversized T-shirt back on did Jessica appear in the doorway, all dressed up and ready to go out with Marty.

"Don't let her blow you," Beverly whispered in Marty's ear as she passed him on the way to the bathroom. Then louder, for Jessica to hear: "Have a good time!"

As Beverly disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door, Marty took Jessica in his arms and kissed her passionately for several minutes. "Ready to go, darling?" he asked softly when their lips finally parted.

"Sure am," she smiled brightly. "You hot for me?"

"I'm so hot for you, I'll burn up if we don't get out of here right now."

"Want a blow job before we go?" she asked and smiled sweetly.

Marty's heart skipped a beat, then took off at twice its regular pace. "Let's go, I'm starving," he said, fighting hard to keep the panic out of his voice.

To his boundless relief, Jessica didn't insist. She simply wrapped her arms around his waist and started for the front door.

Marty's heartbeat slowly returned to normal, but he would keep wondering the entire night if she suspected something.