 Lately most of my free time seemed to be spent on the internet.  Chatting and surfing the web through the early hours of the morning.  Working a second shift job provided me with the ability to stay up later than those on a regular 9am-5pm job.  I also detested mornings, so I could easily sleep in later during the day, not needing to be at work till 4pm.  I had grown increasingly tired of the club and bar scenes.  Everyone there seemed to only be looking for the quick one night stands, and that was something I had never cared for.  The net provided the realm I needed to have a way to meet people and not have to do it in the air of drunks and loud music at the popular night spots around town.   

     After a couple of years of being online and chatting with various people, I met John in one of the chat rooms I sometimes frequented.  At first I wasn’t that impressed with him.  He seemed the type that just got on the web for fun and never took the people on it seriously.  I quickly wrote him off as someone who may be fun to talk to now and then but never thought anything would come of it.  However after just a few weeks of talking to him my impression of him seemed to change.  He still didn’t think very highly of anyone on the net.  In fact, he had what would become an infamous saying between us, that people on the net were only “text” to him.  This, of course, included me, so I was rather surprised when he seemed to start coming online more and more often to chat with me.  

     We would start “spending the night together”, staying up till 6am on our respected computers chatting the night away about anything and everything.  I came to look forward to his being online.  More so then I probably should have.  After all, he had said himself that I was nothing more than text to him.  Gradually as the weeks and months went by our relationship began to grow.  We stopped putting up any pretense as being just net buddies and tried to take our relationship to the next level.  At least as much as we could over a computer and hundreds of miles of land distance.  John and I would take virtual trips together.   Both of us logging onto our towns websites and pointing the sites out to the other.  Places that we both saw every day but the other could only see in pictures.  It brought a sense of closeness to our relationship to be able to share things like that together.  

     Our chats would more and more often turn to sex.  Our personal likes and dislikes, preferences, etc.  In all aspects, we seemed to really hit it off with one another and I found myself growing more and more attached to this man who I had never physical met but felt that I was growing to know and understand more about him than most people in my physical life.  After a few months we exchanged phone numbers and heard each others voices for the first time.  It was a shock to finally hear how he sounded.  After months of having nothing but the written word from him, I finally had a voice that I could match up to his words.  We hit it off as well on the phone as we did on the computer and pretty soon, as had happened on the computer, our conversations on the phone turned to sex.  

     We had never really engaged in cyber sex.  Not technically anyway, but our chats on more than one occasion had gotten me so turned on that after I would log off for the night I would have to get myself off.  The phone provided a more personal outlet for both of us.  We would both get ourselves off on the phone for each other.  The whole time fantasizing about being with the other.  As a whole, our relationship was progressing very nicely, and I was finding myself feeling more and more for John as time wore on.  

     John and I started to try to set up a time for us to meet in person.  We both had very deep feelings for the other, but we wanted to meet in person to see if those feelings would stand up to the reality of being together physically.  After about 4 months of planning, we were both able to arrange a time to meet.  We would each drive half of the several hundred mile distance between us and spend a weekend together.  No expectations were set, it was just a “getting to know each other” weekend.  I secretly hoped things would progress further then that, but the reality was this was a man that I had never really met, so who knew what would happen.  

     I had taken a vacation day on Friday.  Working second shift I wouldn’t have been able to get out of town until late that night and I wanted to be in the motel fairly early.  I left about 3pm for the 4 hour drive I had ahead of me.  I couldn’t help but have knots in my stomach wondering how everything would go.  Would either of us live up to whatever type of image we had built in our heads for the other?  How would we even interact after being so personal over a computer and phone line?  

     I arrived at the motel we had planned to meet at a little after 7pm.  The drive hadn’t been that bad, and the motel was easy enough for me to find.  I walked into the motel to the front desk to check in.  The man at the desk told me the room had already been checked into, so he gave me the room number and told me I could go on up.  The room was on the third floor, so I walked up the stairs very apprehensive.  I was hoping to be the first there so I could have more time to compose myself, but John was already there.  I walked down the long hall and found the door to what would be our room for the next two days and knocked.  John opened the door and we stared at each other for what seemed like hours before either of us said anything.  I was rapidly putting everything together in my head.  All the late night conversations, phone calls, intimate talks I had had with this person who I was just seeing for the first time.  We finally broke the ice with a nice long hug.  

     It felt good to finally see and touch him after all this time.  Just like on the computer and phone, our conversation seemed to flow very well after the initial awkwardness of the face to face meeting.  We both decided that since we’d had a good sized drive to go get some supper at a nearby restaurant.  John looked better in person than the few pictures I had of him as jpeg files on my computer at home.  I enjoyed just watching how he interacted with people.  He was very personable and joked with the waiter we had.  I was very comfortable and relaxed being with him, and I believe he felt the same.  

     After supper John suggested we run by a liquor store to pick up some drinks to have at the motel.  I thought it was a good idea, as I was still a little nervous about the meeting.  Back at the motel John mixed the drinks while I flipped through the stations on the television.  However, as like all other times, our conversation flowed, and whatever show was on the television was quickly forgotten, and again it was stretching into the early morning hours.  We had gotten two beds in the room, since neither of us could have anticipated how the meeting would go.  

     When we decided to go to bed for the night I was very relaxed from the drinks and how well we had hit it off in person, so we decided to sleep in the same bed.  It all felt so very natural to me, like this was the person I had waited my life for.  I had never had so deep of a connection with anyone as I did for John.  

     We crawled into bed together and John shut out the lights.  We laid and talked for a little while longer about how we each thought the first evening together had went.  I was honest and told him that I’d never felt as strongly about a first meeting with anyone as I did with him.  We cuddled up in the dark together just enjoying the feeling of being able to lay together after so many months of having no one to share the nights with, except for a computer or phone.  Neither of which provide much comfort.  

     I was laying on my side with John curled up to my back in a spoon position.  One of his hands under my neck and the other wrapped around me.  The warmth of his body felt so good that I pressed myself against him closer.  He responded by lightly running his hand across my stomach.  This is what I had been waiting for.  This moment with John, the two of us finally together.  John moved his hand up slightly and ran his fingertips against my right nipple which instantly turned hard under his touch.  He lightly caressed and rolled the nipple in between his fingers.  I snuggled up closer to him and could already feel the beginning of his arousal.  

     I turned onto my other side so that I was facing him.  I wrapped my arms around him and looking into his eyes I knew this was where I belonged.  We kissed gently at first, savoring the taste of one another.  But with months of built up passion inside of us, our kiss deepened rapidly.  His tongue flicked into my mouth, tasting, exploring.  I ran my hands up and down his back enjoying the feel of him under my hands.  I ran my hand down his chest, onto his stomach and then into the waistband of his shorts.  Feeling the hairs there and then running my hand up and down his already rock hard cock.  John moaned at my touch, then lifted my nightgown up over my head so he could get to my breasts.  He bent his head down and flicked his tongue out over the hard point of my nipple, sending shivers up my spine, while his hand roamed down to my smooth wet pussy.  I arched myself into his hand, wanting to feel his fingers inside me but he just rubbed my pussy.  Occasionally brushing over my clit bringing moans of pleasure from me.  

     I moved myself between his legs and pulled his shorts off.  I needed to taste his cock.  I lightly stroked him a few more times then lowered my head down to his cock, and ran my tongue from the base of his cock all the way to the head.  I did this all the way around his cock.  Getting him completely wet all over.  Then ran my tongue in circles around the head before taking him completely into my mouth.  His cock pulsed in my mouth as I sucked him in, then held him there.  Enjoying feeling him stretching my mouth open.  With him still in my mouth, I ran my tongue back up his cock to the head and swirled it around while lightly sucking his cock.  I slowly pulled my mouth back off of his cock, till just the head was left in my mouth. then dropped my mouth back down on him again.  John reached down and ran his hands through my hair.  Loving the feel of my mouth all around his dick.  My tongue running up and down the entire length.  I sucked him a little harder on every stroke, running my hands along his chest and down his legs, cupping his balls in my hands.  I could feel his cock starting to pulse and grow more in my mouth as his orgasm approached but before he came John pulled me off of his cock, and pushed me onto my back.  

     I spread my legs wide for him.  Anticipating the feeling of having his cock buried deep inside of me.  He ran the head of his cock up and down my pussy.  I knew it wouldn’t take long for him to cum once he was in me, so I ran my hands down to my clit and started playing with it.  John was turned on more by the sight of this, and placed the head of his cock inside my pussy.  I tried to raise up to get more of him in me but every time he would pull out.  I finally begged him to fuck me.  I should have remembered.  That was exactly what he was waiting for.  As soon as I begged him he plunged his cock as deep into my pussy as it would go.  Bottoming out inside of me.  I screamed with the intense pleasure of his cock ripping me open.  I squeezed his cock hard with my pussy muscles making him groan.  I was still playing with my clit but I stopped so there was no restrictions to his fucking.  He withdrew his cock till just the head was left in, then slammed back down into me again.  After months of cyber and phone sex he knew exactly how I liked to be fucked and he was giving it to me.  

     Just as I had thought, he wasn’t going to last long and I wanted the most out of this fucking, so I told him to fuck me hard and fast.  I wanted him to stretch my pussy out from the hard fucking.  He started thrusting faster and deeper into me.  Hitting the bottom of my pussy with his cock every time.  I was on the verge of cumming.  John held onto my hips as he slammed me back onto him with every thrust.  My whole body was shaking from the fucking.  Over and over, harder and harder he pounded his cock into me.  Our bodies slapping against the other when he shouted out he was cumming.  I felt the first hard blast of his cum shoot into my pussy and that triggered my own orgasm.  My pussy cumming on his cock.  Clenching and holding onto him.  Not wanting to let a drop of his cum leak out.  He finally collapsed onto me and we held each other.  His cock still buried firmly inside of me, as we fell asleep spent, but satisfied of the new stage of our relationship.