 Note from the author: Special thanks to Red Fenix for helping me edit my first Literotica story. I appreciate the time and effort you put into helping me! You were great to work with and I hope we can work together again in the future! Thanks Again!

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Ronnie and I had always been great friends since the day we had first met many years ago. We were true platonic friends in every sense of the word. I always thought that we had this sort of great connection; we could talk about anything at anytime. The thought of a sexual relationship with Ronnie had crossed my mind quite a few times over the years, but I never acted upon those thoughts for two main reasons … I was usually stuck in one of my Mr. Right Now relationships and of course, he was a married man. That being said, our friendship had room to grow into the close bond we share today.

Last June, our friendship took on a direction that I had always wondered about. We were on the phone joking and laughing like we always do, when I suddenly said to Ronnie, "I have always wondered what it would be like to do you." 

After a moment of awkward silence, Ronnie admitted, "Yea, me too." Nothing else was really said about it, but now it was all out in the open.

The following night, I went to a local bar where Ronnie was working as a DJ. This was nothing unusual, as for I had gone to plenty of his gigs in the past. 

I walked in to the dimly lit bar and over to the corner where Ronnie had his equipment set up. We sat and talked like we always do, but the comment from the night before was right in the front of my mind the whole time. 

I forgot to mention that Ronnie is a karaoke DJ, so there was always plenty of singing going on as well. At one point, I was up in the spotlight attempting quite badly to sing one of my favorite tunes. Since it was summertime, I had shorts on, and while I was singing, I had put my knee on a chair that happened to be close. Ronnie came over and sat in the chair next to the one my knee was resting on. As I was singing, he started to caress my leg and my knee, which sent a ton of wonderful shivers throughout my entire body. At one point, I think his hand also slipped up into my shorts for a moment, but I don't want to say that for sure. I was just caught up in the moment of bliss that he was actually touching me! 

I didn't want to come off as easy, so I acted like his touching my leg didn't bother me in the least. Let me tell you, that was one hard task!! By the end of the night, and after a few more gestures like this on Ronnie's part, I was ready and willing to shove my tongue down his throat.

We packed up his equipment and loaded up his van like we always did. I pulled my car around to the front of the building thinking we would go grab a bite to eat like always. In the back of my mind I kept thinking I'd rather eat HIM, but I just kept my mouth shut for the moment. I was sitting in my car while Ronnie was standing outside of it as we chatted. A couple of his friends from the bar came out and we talked to them for awhile. There was always this little running joke about me showing my tits, and Ronnie asked me to show my tits to his friends. I undid my shirt and whipped out my perky tits and flashed them at Dave. 

Dave's face turned all red with embarrassment as he muttered a joyful, "Oh my." 

I took that as a sign that not too many women had showed Dave their tits. We all got a good laugh out of it and Dave and his friend were on their way. Ronnie and I continued our conversation as I sat in my car. When I get nervous, I have a tendency to talk non-stop, which I found myself doing at this point. I don't exactly remember the conversation we were having at this point, and I suppose it really doesn't matter, either. At one point, I had an epiphany … Ronnie was staring at me intently as his gaze fell to my mouth. All thoughts of our conversation flew from my head as it hit me … Ronnie wanted to kiss me!

My heart began to pound with waiting anticipation while my mouth tried to continue our conversation. Just as I thought I was ready to blurt out loud, "Kiss me," Ronnie leaned his head and most of his upper body into my car window. I drew in a shuddering breath as Ronnie leaned closer towards me. 

Just as I thought I was going to bust, I felt Ronnie's mouth cover mine with a raging hunger like someone who has been starving for years. Ronnie kissed me long and hard for what seemed like an eternity. His kiss was soft yet it was hard and full of desire. I kissed him back, drinking in all of him that I could. I was completely lost in the moment … head spinning, mind racing, heart pounding. When we finally came up for air, all I could think to say to Ronnie was, "It's about damn time you did that."

For the next couple of months, I would go out to his gigs at the bars and things were pretty normal. Once in awhile as we sat in my car talking, things would get hot and heavy but always stop at a certain point. 

I remember one night in particular … we were sitting there chatting like always when things started turning hot. Ronnie was kissing me passionately like he always did, but this time his hands started to wander as well. 

At first his hands started to wander on the outside of my shirt where he found one of my voluptuous tits. He slowly lifted my shirt up and pulled my bra aside to expose both of my tits to his full view. He then slowly started trailing his kisses from my mouth and down my neck as his strong hands began to feel my tits. This caused my over-sized nipples to stand erect and salute him, eagerly awaiting is wet mouth to suck them. 

Ronnie eventually made his way down my neck with his trailing kisses and took one of my tits into his hot, succulent mouth. This caused my already erect nipples to get even harder. He moved his mouth from one tit to the other, all the while fondling the one that he wasn't currently sucking with is hand. My heart was pounding with anticipation of Ronnie's next move.

As Ronnie devoured my erect nipples and tits, I slowly moved my hand down his muscular thigh and felt the bulge between his legs. His cock was extremely erect and twitched as I touched him through is shorts. I couldn't wait to suck on that mighty cock.

I sat up in my seat and had Ronnie recline his seat all the way back. As he kept fondling my tits, I slowly undid his pants to expose his throbbing cock. My mouth became wet with desire as thoughts of taking that cock in my mouth filled my mind. His tongue again found my tits, but I couldn't wait for that cock any longer. I gently pushed Ronnie back in his seat again and ever so slowly began to lick the head of his cock. I gently flicked my tongue around the head and down the underside and back up again to the head. I then took his cock into my mouth and started to slowly take it in until I had all of him in my hot, wet mouth. As his whole cock was shoved down my throat, I started to flick my tongue up and down his shaft as I played with his balls. My pussy was so wet at this point that I thought I was going to explode. 

Ronnie must have sensed how wet my pussy was because he had taken my shorts down and starting to finger me. I thought I was going to cum instantly, but Ronnie had other ideas. I was still sucking his cock with long wet strokes of my mouth as Ronnie pumped his fingers in and out of my dripping pussy. Using one hand, he fucked my pussy with his fingers while he used his other hand to finger my clit in all the right motions. At this point, I thought I had died and gone to heaven! I wanted so badly to feel Ronnie's huge cock inside of my dripping pussy. Unfortunately, tonight that was not going to happen, mainly because we were cramped inside of my small car. I was happy enough to suck his cock off for him while he made my pussy cum all over his fingers. 

Ronnie and I had continued our little "car romps" for a few months. Finally, I just couldn't take it any longer. I didn't exactly want to set up a "date" for us to finally do the deed, but I was anxious to feel his cock all the way inside of me. I wanted it to happen on the spur of the moment – and that particular moment couldn't come too soon!

I used to play on a trivia league on Tuesday nights at a local bar, and then I would hit a karaoke show afterwards. The karaoke show wasn't one of Ronnie's; Tuesday night was one of his rare nights off during the week. I had talked to Ronnie earlier in the day on the telephone and he told me he was going to the Rush concert that was in town. I told him where I was going to be after trivia league was over, so he could stop down if he wanted to. He said he wasn't sure what he was going to do since he didn't know what time he'd get out of the concert; and also he didn't know how much time he could steal away from home.

I got to the karaoke show around 9:30pm or so. I walked into the bar like I always do, waving hello to a few people I know as I made my way to the bar for a beer. I plopped my butt on a stool while Audrey the barmaid served me an ice cold Coors Light. I sat there sipping my beer and flipping through the book of karaoke songs, deciding what I wanted to attempt to sing that evening. I eventually found three songs, so I jotted them down on a slip of paper and walked the paper over to the DJ, Denny. Did you ever get the overwhelming feeling that you were being watched? Well, that's the exact feeling I had as I talked with Denny for a moment or two. As I looked up to walk back over to the bar, I discovered that Ronnie was sitting there at the opposite end of the bar sipping his own beer. He had been there the whole time! All of a sudden, this naughty thought occurred to me … I loved being watched! 

Hmm… maybe that will be something to explore down the road?!

At any rate, I walked over and gave Ronnie a huge hug. We both laughed at the fact he was sitting there since before I walked in and I was too blonde to notice it! I sat down on the stool next to him and we settled into a good conversation. He told me all about the Rush concert and he also mentioned that he had a few hours to spare. Again, I didn't pick up on this hint either. We continued to talk in between the few songs I was singing. Then Ronnie finally said, "Let's get out of here." 

I was a little disappointed until the light bulb in my head turned on. I readily agreed and we walked out into the parking lot. We were standing by his car when his cell phone rang. I walked away for a few moments to give him some privacy. When he was done with his phone conversation he looked me dead straight in the eye and said, "Let's go to your place." 

My car couldn't get me there fast enough! With Ronnie in hot pursuit, I drove as fast as my little car could down the interstate and through the winding roads to my apartment.

Once inside, I led Ronnie straight to my bedroom. I stopped myself short of ripping his pants off. Instead, we started out with those passionate kisses that I love so much. Ronnie is the best kisser I've ever met! Our kisses led to licking and heavy breathing and I knew it was time. 

I slowly undid Ronnie's pants as we stood next to my bed. As I slid his zipper down, his cock popped its head out to say hello. I finished pulling Ronnie's pants down until they were completely off, then I pushed him back onto my bed. From there, I left a trail of hot, wet kisses from his mouth, down his neck to his chest, where I took a few licks at both of his nipples.

From his nipples, I continued my licking journey down his belly and along his pleasure trail until I came in contact with his huge throbbing cock. As I had done to his cock many times before, I took him into my mouth inch by throbbing inch until I had all of him in my mouth and throat. I began to fuck his cock with my wet mouth while I flicked my tongue up and down his shaft. 

I didn't want him to come just yet, so I slowly licked my way back up his pleasure trail to his stomach, then to his chest, stopping to lick his nipples again, back up to his neck and finally to where his hungry mouth met mine again. 

Ronnie stood up and helped me to lift my t-shirt over my head, exposing my perky tits and very erect nipples. He made a comment that my tits were standing at perfect attention. His mouth came down hard again as it met mine. He worked his tongue around in my mouth as he kneaded my tits with is strong hands. He then put his mouth on one of my erect nipples and ever so gently bit down on it as he flicked the end of it with his tongue. This drove me absolutely wild! I didn't think I was going to hold out any longer without screaming "Fuck me now!" Somehow, I managed to hold on as he took his time paying equal attention to each of my tits.

When he was done with my tits, he stood up again with a look of complete desire filling his big brown eyes. With one yank, he popped all 4 buttons right off my shorts and yanked my underwear down. 

I lay back onto my bed awaiting his next move. Before I could blink, Ronnie was down between my legs working his magical tongue. He slowly licked the outside of my lips and worked his way to my clit. He flicked his tongue on my clit in ways I had never felt before. He started out slowly and gradually built the pressure up to the point where I was ready to explode. 

Just as I was ready to come, Ronnie had other ideas. He buried his tongue in my dripping hole as far as he could get it. My hips were bucking wildly and I was still on the verge. 

As my orgasm was almost there again, he pulled his tongue out of my dripping wet hole and began to lick me from my clit clear down the length of my pussy and back to my clit again. I didn't think I could take much more of this pleasurable torture. At long last, Ronnie made my pussy come so hard that I thought I was going to pass out. 

Just as I started to come, he jammed his hot tongue deep into my hole and I came all over his tongue and face. While in the midst of my record breaking orgasm, Ronnie pulled his tongue out of my pussy and continued to lick my clit some more. This immediately caused me to go into yet another orgasm. I was screaming out his name in pure passion, sure that I had died and gone to heaven. 

Just as I thought I couldn't take anymore, he got up onto his knees, pushed my legs up over my head and rammed his huge throbbing cock into my dripping pussy hole. He fucked me with long, hard, deep strokes, going deeper and deeper each time. I felt him bottom out at my cervix and told him to fuck me harder! I had never felt this much pleasure in my entire lifetime! 

Before I knew it, I was coming all over his throbbing cock. I was in pure ecstasy and he never missed a beat as I came all over his cock for a second time in a row. 

My whole body was convulsing with each twitch and I wanted him to come. It was now Ronnie's turn. He slowed down for just a second or two, then began fucking my pussy harder and harder until he couldn't hold back any longer. He pulled his throbbing cock out of my dripping pussy just as cum started to shoot all over my belly and tits. We both screamed out in pleasure as he collapsed on top of me. 

As we both lay there trying to catch our breath, I couldn't help but think, 'good things come to those who wait.