 An Erotic Vignette by Erik Schoen

I blink and open my eyes. I can see through the balcony doors of our stateroom that the day is just beginning to dawn outside. I blink again, turn my head and see that Jack, my husband, is still sleeping. 

I decide to let him rest as I slip out of bed, at once aware that I slept au naturel last night. I lift the plush bathrobe from its hook and pull it on. I quietly slide open the balcony door, looking back to make sure Jack doesn't stir. 

Jack is quite a sight- sleeping in only his boxer briefs and uncovered except for his legs below his knees. At once I notice (how could I miss it) that Jack is "suffering" from, what does he call it, "morning wood." 

Deep in my belly I feel a familiar clench as I stare at the bulge of his manhood straining at his boxers as if it wants a one-eyed peek at the morning light.

But I want some air. So I step onto the balcony and slide the door nearly shut. 

I am alone. We, the ship and all of us on board, are headed south through the Caribbean towards the US Virgin Islands for the next port visit on a two-week cruise. 

Since our stateroom is on the right side of the ship, I think that means I'm facing west- away from the morning sun. 

I am at once enveloped in the warm, humid sea air. The breeze, I assume from our speed, is coursing past our private balcony, swirling and pausing, and then swirling again. 

The sky is indigo in the early light, dotted with a handful of twinkling stars and a fingernail moon near the horizon. The view is awe inspiring. I feel as if I am being treated to a show that only a lucky few get to enjoy. 

I am suddenly aware of my nakedness beneath the robe and furtively glance around, side to side and above and below, looking to see if I am being watch- I am not. 

I slip out of the robe and drape it on a deck chair then turn to face the view over the balcony railing. This is erotic! I am in the "all together" observing the dawning day, but not being observed. 

The air twirls and eddies around my body, tickling my tuft of pubic hair and hardening my nipples. Now I'm really getting turned on. I can feel myself moistening down there. 

All of the vast ocean before me, and me in just my skin wrapped in the warmth of the tropical air. I get the thought that I might be being watched and check again to see if any voyeurs are lurking and leering- none seen. 

I turn and peer into our stateroom and see Jack, still fast asleep and as hard as ever.

Suddenly a naughty thought leaps unbidden into my mind- Jack needs the gentlest and most erotic of wake-up calls, and I'm the only one to give it to him. 

I sneak back into our stateroom and quickly, but quietly, slide shut the door. 

I carefully check my hands to make sure they're warm... wouldn't want to startle him. Then I kneel by his side of the bed and lean over his swollen cock. 

Gently touching his hips, I slide the waist band of his boxers ever-so-slowly downward until just the head of his prick is exposed. I still as he murmurs and stirs a bit. But he stays asleep, so I lean in and, as softly as possible, exhale my hot breath onto the sensitive tip of his cock. 

My breathing hitches and my whole body is aflutter. Parting my knees while still kneeling, I rub my clit with my left hand- this is SO HOT!

My next move is bound to wake him- I envelope his dick head with my wet lips and swirl my tongue on the rim of his glans. I feel his hips jerk and his cock twitch and then a low moan escapes his mouth. 

Next, he utters "what the...," "Oh, Gail!" and suddenly he's awake and struggling to thrust his partially contained cock into my mouth- time to shed the boxers. 

I pull my mouth away and command him, "Stay on your back, don't try to get up." I spread my left hand, slippery from my now-dripping pussy, onto his chest to let him know I mean it, and with my right hand I work his boxers off his dick and ass and down to his knees. There's no resistance- he even lifts his hips to accommodate; I think he's awake enough to play along.

Keeping my left hand on his chest, I make my move- I wrap my right thumb and index finger around the base of his dick, gripping tightly. In one move, I deep-throat him till my lips touch my fingers. He bucks and quivers in response. 

Now, I set up a rhythm with my mouth and right hand, one I know will drive him wild. I pull my mouth up his shaft will sucking hard and simultaneously stroke down with my hand. Then I force my mouth down his length and meet my hand on the upstroke. 

Jack is reduced to making mindless guttural noises, thrusting his hips (which I try to control with my right hand- not easy), and trying to lift his head off the bed. 

Attempting to control his head and keep him flat on the bed, I push my pussy flavored fingers into his mouth. He takes them on like a baby does a pacifier. Now I taste the constant flow of his pre-cum- salty and thick and slippery. He not ready to come yet, but he's getting there.

It's time for a change- I release his cock from my lips with a "pop" and, still in control with my right hand, I straddle him- cowgirl style. 

My pussy needs some relief. I point his stiff member in the right direction, waggle it to and fro to spread my wet slit, and sit down on his cock, removing my hand at the same time. We cry out in ecstasy simultaneously. Oh my, how good this feels.

Quickly setting a rhythm, I bounce up and down while holding Jack flat on the bed- my right hand on his chest. With my left hand I start rubbing my swollen and slippery clit. 

This is exquisite- I may come in seconds. I steel myself to keep my orgasm at bay and remove my juicy fingers from my sex. This is, after all, for Jack's pleasure.

Time to bring Jack a little closer to his own release. I lean forward while still bouncing and smother him with my breasts. He responds instantly with his tongue and lips. He sucks and licks and nearly goes wild when I push my tits together and swipe first one, then the other nipple across his failing tongue. 

He's quickly reaching his "point of no return."

I sit up, leaving his mouth wanting and slide off his cock. He looks bewildered until I rotate and straddle his face with my dripping snatch. 

He moves right into action, and so do I. Swirling my tongue around the head of his cock I next take him all the way in, deep-throat, again. He moans, and the sound and vibration set my pussy to quivering. Concentrating as much as I can, I suck and stroke his rod and make my own sexy vibrating moans. 

His cock suddenly stiffens in my hand and mouth- we've been here before, many times. He's just seconds from coming. I "pop" my mouth off his dick head and start long, hard strokes with my hand. 

After just a few strokes, he explodes with spurt after spurt of thick cum on my neck and tits, as I slide my hand up and down his manhood. 

An errant pulse of cum splats onto my nose and runs down onto my upper lip. Instantly and instinctively, I flick my tongue to capture it. It's warm and salty and very Jack. I love tasting his cum. 

I glance down to see that he's coated my chest, and I feel cum dripping down my neck- So Hot! 

He's still oozing the last of his cum load, so I go back down for it, licking and sucking the last drops from his cock. It's more than he can take in his post-orgasmic state. His hips buck and he hisses through his teeth. 

Satisfied that I've got him fully finished, I give his softening prick one more suckling kiss and rotate off, lying beside him on the bed, my chest smeared and glistening with his juice. 

"That's your morning wake up call, Honey," I say with an impish smile. 

Jack responds, "I've never been woken like that- that's the best ever. Now I'm tired out. I need to sleep a while." 

"Oh no you don't," I protest, "We'll be docked in the Virgin Islands in two hours. We need to shower, get breakfast, and get ready to go ashore, because you're taking me shopping today!" 

"Whatever you want, my sexy siren... whatever you want."

Disclaimer

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Copyright

© 2017, Erik Schoen (a pen name), All Rights Reserved