 Comments? Let me know please. No unauthorized use. Romantic-Erotica

A quick jerk moves through her deliciously languid body as the shrill of the phone jars her awake. A squeak of surprised sound falls from her parted relaxed lips as her dark brown eyes slowly open. Flipping her smooth bare body over away from the pale wall, she stretches, reaching towards the table standing at bedside only to brush against his hand as it already meets the phone. Grasping the white smooth handset he lifts it from the cradle to bring it to his ear and mouth. At the same moment his opposite hand slowly lowers, he rests his long fingers on the small of her back to sooth her.

Which it fully does, she smiles gently and closes her eyes as she nestles into his side further. Soft ripe breasts pressing into his ribs as her supple thighs part, enclosing upon one of his firm muscular legs. She purrs a little bit, a steady vibration rising from the slim confines of her milky throat to spill forth in a wash of damp breath upon his side. Tipping her head she gently presses an open mouth kiss to his side. Feeling his reaction against her lips: a slight intake of breath as he continues to speak into the phone. She quivers with a soft excited thought as the tendril of an idea curls in her mercurial mind. Slowly her hand lifts from its rest upon his knee, stroking over his strong thigh in a teasing touch of a delicate and heated palm. Eyes slowly lifting with a tilt upwards of a rounded chin, her dark gaze sweeps over his form. Tracing with those stormy orbs over the lines of his chest and up the strong arch of his neck, over the square of his jaw to his firm kissable lips. She worships him with that adoring look. Eyes locking upon his face, she slowly unclamps her tender thighs from his leg and melts down his body. Her lips brushing with soft side-to-side rhythmic motions down his side, she slowly rolls herself upon his leg. Straddling the limb, the firm muscle cradled in the satin of her supple thighs, her tongue gently slithers upon his stomach. Circling his belly button teasingly, her eyes drift close as she listens intently for his reaction.

He is breathless, talking quicker into the phone as she tantalizes his flesh with that nimble muscle. She flicks the tip of her dark pink tongue agilely lower, following a downy line of peach-fuzz hair towards the eager muscle that has sprung to life beneath her. Shifting she coasts her body downwards, nestling the petite frame of her rounded body between his legs comfortably. She purrs a little, whispering balmy breath trickling upon his entire length as her lush mouth inches forward towards his sex. Her tongue dips out of the confines of her sweet mouth to stroke upon her full bottom lip deliberately in anticipation. Eyes lifting once again to rest her gaze upon his face she gives him a little playful grin with dancing cinnamon tinted eyes before returning her contemplation back to his hardness. Leaning forward she gently presses a kiss directly under the cleft circling the tip of his thickness. Feeling the throbbing of the velvet smooth shaft upon her mouth she parts those pliable tiers to flutter out her full tongue and paint it upwards upon the sensitized point. She hears a stifled moan and sees from the corners of her eyes one hand crash down and curl, fingers gently clenching into the sheets underneath their bodies. She smiles upon his hardness, murmuring softly so he feels every vibration of her quiet voice through his hardness: “something the matter darling?” and without waiting for an answer she knows she wont receive she quickly takes him within the dark damp cavern of her luscious mouth. 

Wrapping her lips upon his shaft tightly she begins to suck upon him, eyes closed as she savors the feel of his aching hardness upon her tongue. She gently swirls and rolls the fullness of her nimble appendage upon the throbbing sensitive vein tracing up his length. Trying to add to his pleasure with the movements, she tips her head a little and slides her candy pink lips down his sex as she suckles him. Rubbing the fullness of those rosy pink arches along every inch as he fills her mouth. A pulsing and receptive tip rubbing along the ridges of her upper mouth gently to feel every miniscule bump before sliding down to lightly push upon the saturated velvet of her slim throat. She moans, causing vibrations to flow up his hardness. Following the line of his sex only to continue upwards, causing the tightness of breath within his chest to increase. 

Shallow air passes from his mouth as he feels his thickness swell in her tightly enveloping mouth. Round globes at the base of his sex clenching and releasing in a slight motion pushing sweet liquid upwards in his shaft. Feeling distanced, unable to understand the words from the phone still resting at his mouth and ear, he gasps again. Doing everything in his power to keep from yelling out in the joyful pleasure of her so acutely pleasing him and giving away everything. The control he has to express actually heightens his need to explode within her mouth and she knows it. Sucking a little quicker upon him, lightly rocking her head in a bobbing fashion so the golden brown strands of her thick hair brush over his firm thighs in a lover’s caress. Teasing his flesh lightly as one tress lightly curls upon his thickness, artfully wrapping to add its pleasurable touch to the motions of her delicate knowing hand and her tight damp mouth. She barely touches her teeth to him, running the pearly white hardness of those rounded whiteness against his flesh in a teasing fashion calculated to make him lose control. Not nipping, but scraping. A little roughness meant to counteract with the softness of her flower gentle lips and dancing tongue. 

The scraping does it, sending him over the edge he quickly jerks and pushes his thickness harder into her mouth. Shooting a stream of creamy white seed down her neck, she drinks of him. Purring softly at the pleasure of making him not only release but climax, feeling him tremble a little with the intensity of his explosion. The jet of heat is quickly milked by her sweet tantalizing mouth, trying to capture every drop, hungry for his unique musky taste. A small groan the only sound he makes as he tries to regain his train of thoughts in order to finish business on the phone. She watches him, eyes open wide as she gently pulls him from her mouth and bathes him with long sweeps of her tongue. Cleaning every oozing morsel from his still pulsing tip with the sensitive motions of her small pink tongue. With a husky chuckle she slides from his legs and rolls off the bed, sauntering off with a pleased expression on her beautiful and flawless face. Padding towards the kitchen with a sway to her hips, a passionate motion meant to only tease him further, which it does and she knows it. Confidence in every line of her body she disappears into the kitchen to make them both steaming hot coffee, knowing they don’t need it to wake up this balmy morning.

Nov, 2003