 "Wake up baby." She heard. She moaned and rolled away from the whispered words in the darkness. He laughed softly and pulled her closer to him.

"Please?"

"I'm sleeping." She whispered back.

"I'm horny."

"So?" 

"Please, baby I'm so hard." He moaned. He bit her earlobe and she whimpered. 

"I'm too tired."

He rolled her so she was flat on her back. She protested and he laughed again. "Shh, be a good girl now." He whispered. She tried to push him away but he started kissing her and any protest she had left her and she kissed back. Eyes still shut.

"I'll do all the work, please?" He begged. She mumbled something in the dark and he smiled. "You know what to do with it, if you wanted it." He replied. She laughed sleepily. 

"Ok, fine." 

He didn't give her a chance to change her mind; he pounced on her and started kissing his way across her jaw, down her throat. She tipped her head back and moaned. 

"You're still wearing clothes." She mumbled. He sat back and started taking off his clothes. Then he pulled the blanket off of her and started kissing his way down to the top of her shirt. 

"You're the only one wearing clothes now." He teased. She sighed and sat up taking off the t shirt she wore and flopping back down on the bed. He grinned and cupped her tits, teasing her nipples with his thumbs. 

"Mmmm." She arched her back a little and he wrapped one arm under her holding her up while he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. He fanned the other with his thumb and she bit her lip.

"Are you awake yet?" He asked. She shook her head.

"No, I'm still sleeping." She whispered. He sighed and released her so she collapsed back onto the bed. He kissed her rib cage and scooted so he could kiss her tummy. His hands roamed back up her body achingly slow and she sucked in her breath. His mouth continued to travel down until she was squirming and pleading. He kissed her thighs and tried to skim past her aching core. She grabbed a fistful of his hair and yanked, hard. He groaned a mix between pleasure and pain and gave in. His mouth claimed her and she arched off the bed, grinding into his face. 

He sucked hard on her clit making her jerk some before lazily stroking her with his tongue. He grinned when he felt her grab his hair again. He knew she was giving in. He let her pull his hair and guide his mouth until she was shaking with an orgasm. Then he reached up and yanked her hands down, pinning them down. She tried to pull away and he sucked harder. Biting softly. She moaned and came. He pulled back.

"Be a good girl and suck my cock." He commanded. She eagerly got down on all fours and flipped her hair out of the way to take his cock into her mouth. He reached out and grabbed her hair so he could watch his cock sliding in and out of her mouth. He bit his lip and arched upward slowly fucking her mouth. He started picking up pace when he felt like he was about to cum and tried to push her back to cum on her face. She pounced on him and sucked harder on his cock, greedily swallowing his cum. He gasped. 

"You're a whore." He said when he could breathe again. She shrugged one shoulder.

"Still want to fuck?" She demanded. 

"Hell yes. Come here." He grabbed her and started stroking his cock watching her face until he was hard again. He pulled her into his lap teasing her wet pussy with his stiff cock making her whimper.

"What's the matter baby?" He asked.

"Fuck me, please." 

"Beg better and I might." He grabbed her hips and made her grind against him. She whimpered louder.

"Please, fuck me. I'm so horny. I want you so bad." She begged. He thrust into her hard and fast. Pulling her hips back and forth making her take every inch. Her head fell back and she opened her mouth gasping with pleasure. He reached out and grabbed her hair pulling her head back up so she was forced to kiss him. 

"Mmmm." She moaned against his mouth. He let go of her hair and leaned back so he thrust even deeper into her. She moaned louder and he let go of her hips to let her rock back and forth herself. She stopped and shoved him back. He groaned in disappointment when he popped out of her wet hole. 

She smiled at him in the dark and dropped down on all fours, reaching behind her and grabbing his stiff cock guiding him back into her. He followed her cue and slammed into her as hard as possible. She moaned again and he started slamming into her as hard as he could. 

Every thrust slammed his balls into her clit and she arched her back, taking him as deep as possible and she started slipping. The harder he fucked her, the more she slipped and her back arched, until she was laying on her tummy and her ass was arched fully off the bed. He wanted to pull her back up but she was shoving backwards meeting his thrusts and he got dizzy. He pulled out right before he came and flipped her over. Shooting all over her chest and face. 

She laughed and licked her lips, tasting his cum. He reached out and flipped on the light, handing her a towel to clean the cum off her body. She shoved it back at him and scooped up the cum from her chest with her fingers and letting it drip onto her tongue. 

He watched her with some amusement and then leaned forward and licked her soaking pussy. He did that a few times and then kissed her. Letting her juices mix with his cum so they could taste each other. She moaned and touched his tongue with her own, loving the combined taste, and pushing cum into his mouth. He pulled back and swallowed then kissed her again. She pulled him hard until he almost penetrated her. He shook his head.

"Nope, you want it you work for it." He taunted. She reached down and started jerking him off until he was throbbing hard in her hand, then shoved him back on the bed. He grabbed her ass and she slammed down onto his cock. He arched off the bed a little and she laughed.

"Oh, did that feel good?" She asked. He gritted his teeth and nodded. She rode him hard and fast until he was about to cum, then yanked up taking his cock into her mouth and swallowing as much cum as she could without choking. He gathered her hair into his hands and watched her sucking up his load greedily. 

"Taste good?" He asked softly. She slurped the last bit of it and let his cock pop out of her mouth, she nodded at him. He laughed sleepily.

"Ready for bed now?" She asked. He nodded and pulled her down on top of him. Brushing her hair out of her face and exposing her neck. He leaned forward a little and bit her neck, hard. Causing her to cry out. She tilted her head giving him better access. He bit down harder and she started squirming.

"Alright, I'm done now I promise. Go to sleep." He kissed the spot he had just bitten and laid his head against her hair.