 I woke up early, which was unusual, considering it was the weekend. I turned over to find Jon facing the other direction, laying on his side. I snuggled up close to him and rested my arm on his hip and thigh, he didn't move at all. I moved even closer, pressing my breasts up against his bare back. I moved my hand to his muscular stomach and gently ran my fingers around his belly button. I could see that he was starting to get excited, although he still wasn't awake. I continued to tease him until a smile stretched across his beautiful face. He turned to me and said he thought he was dreaming. He turned around and started to kiss my neck. Then out of no where he took my hands and held them above my head with one hand and straddled me, sitting up. He told me that it was now his turn to tease me.

As he held my hands together he took his free hand and managed to take off my top. He started to kiss me again on my neck and rub my breasts. I could obviously tell that he was ready to get things going, as was I, but he wouldn't give in so quickly. As he was tweaking my nipples and gently pulling and everything else that could be done, I managed to kiss him. I tried to show him how I wanted him to kiss me, I knew he was getting to that point, I just had to be patient. 

He now held both my hands with his and continued his kisses to my breasts. Not forgetting to pay special attention to my sensitive and erect nipples. He followed the path down the middle of my stomach until he reached the top of my underwear. I was so ready to tear the black lace thong off, but at this point I was not the one in control. He let go of my hands and I did not resist him having this control, I left my hands the way they were. He reached up under me and let my body guide his hands along my back and to my butt. He wrapped the straps of the thong around his fingers, slowly and gently he pulled them down. By the time they reached my knees I kicked them off. I couldn't take it anymore. With one hand cupping my ass, he took his other hand and started to rub my pussy lips together, oh so gently. He knew I was ready, I was wet as could be. He loved to play this game with me though, and I had to admit, I loved it even more. He then started with his tongue and defined my most holy area. After what seemed like an eternity, he was eating me out. I was so into that I moved my hips with his rhythm. Wanting him to go deeper into me, wanting the real thing. Then out of no where his fingers that were gently playing with my clit, made their way inside me. As his fingers were inside me, doing what seemed what they do best, he moved up closer to me, bringing me up towards him. He seems to know my body better than I do. I am almost sitting up and feverishly kissing him. Holding onto him, wanting him so ever more. Then it hits me. He hit that spot that only he has been able to truly find. My toes curl up and I can barely see a thing. I let myself go and cum starts to flow. I fall back down, unable to hold myself up any longer. Jon pulls his fingers out of me, my cum soaking his fingers. As he comes down to me to kiss me I push him off. It's his turn now. 

I push him down so that he's laying on the bed and I'm on top of him. There is not one aggressor in this relationship, it's equal opportunity. He is more than ready to go, just like I was. I pull off his boxers and straddle him, starting just above his knees. As I crawl up towards him, he puts his hands behind his head, enjoying my performance. His cock is erect like a space shuttle, ready to launch. As I move up towards him I let the head of his big fat cock rub up against and between my tits. I rock back and forth, letting his cock find the passage between them. I give him a sly look as I continue to move forward. Letting his cock follow down the middle of my stomach, stopping just before my clit. I tease him with a passionate kiss as I lower my hips and ass. Knowing I am in full control now, I rest my pussy lips on the shaft of his thick cock. As I slowly rock my body back and forth, allowing my wet pussy lips to stroke his cock, I take his head into my hands and kiss him like you see in the movies. He takes his hands and grabs my ass. Wanting to enter in me, I pull back and sit up. He's not giving in this quickly. I take my sexy kisses and move down his body, making sure my hands explore every inch of his sculpted body.

When my kisses reach his erect cock, I wrap my lips around the tip and ever so gently lick the tip. I take in his thick cock in my mouth. I take him all the way as I massage his balls in my hand. I suck and deep throat him like I never have before. I can tell that he is ready to cum and do my best to keep up the rhythm. As he cums I take in every bit of it. 

By now I am ready to have him again and continue taking control. I rest my wet pussy on the shaft of his cock again. He is more than willing to accept me. I take hold of his thick cock and guide it into my pussy. Without surprise it takes it in. He grabs my breasts and rubs them, paying close attention to my hard nipples. As I ride his cock I do a new little trick. I squeeze my kegel muscles and his gorgeous smile appears on his face again. He then leans up towards me and holds me close. Before I know it he throws me down, all while managing to stay deep inside me. I've surrendered and he has taken control of me now. He grabs onto the headboard with one hand and pushes himself deeper inside me where I have to arch my back to accept him deep. He is pushing himself deeper and faster into me that my head starts hit the head board. He lays himself on top of me and my hands explore every inch of his back. As our rhythms combine and the faster we pump each other, we are both getting close to cumming for a second time. I can feel his warm cum coming out of his cock as his thrusts subside. He cums even harder now than when he came in my mouth. As his thrusts slow down some, it makes me cum as well. As we both are done cumming, he rests on top of me, not even pulling out his cock covered in both our juices. He kisses me more tenderly now and moves my sweaty matted hair away from my forehead. He tells me that this was the most perfect way to wake up in the morning. I couldn't agree any less.